“Don’t ever doubt it, Dean,” Cas replies, squeezing Dean’s thigh again before turning away, and Dean is glad he looks away. Having Cas here, kissing him, his hand resting mindlessly between his thighs…it makes him feel seventeen again, seventeen and in love and invincible, but Cas saying things like “never doubt it" opens a darkness in Dean that does nothing but remind him that there are ten years between him and Cas, ten years that won’t go away, for better or for worse, and for sure until they talk about it.
Over the next week, he flies through the next two steps, confessing to his sins and a change of heart. He gets on his knees for someone other than Dean, folds his hands before him, and confesses to his every sin, to loving Dean. He confesses to the sex and the gentleness of it all, confesses to how much he loved loving Dean, and kneeling there in that make-shift chapel in the middle of that God-forsaken clinic, something in Cas snaps. He thinks of his every moment with Dean, the sloppy kisses and the boisterous laughter, the soft words and the rough touches. He thinks of Dean with those smiling green eyes and freckles that outline the world; he thinks that maybe Naomi was right. Maybe all that there ever was between them was lust and desire. Maybe he never loved Dean at all.
as I make myself seem to be in group. Hell, I would be in the exact same boat as Dorothy, brainwashed, that is, if I didn’t have Gilda...if she didn’t love me.” Charlie pauses to look down to the photo in her hands before continuing. “I learned that if I want to walk out of this place the same as I walked into it, I needed to put every ounce of my faith in my love for her. As soon as Dorothy is out of here, so am I, on to see my girl again.”
“Hey,” he says when she sits, ever the one with words.
be worth it, and Cas will pick it all up and walk away if that's what Dean needs to be happy.
Dean’s phone rings in his pocket, slamming the reality back into them. He sighs as he digs it out, forcing himself to part from Cas. He groans when he sees Sam’s name in the caller I.D.
“In Clarence’s play, Dan got to play the main character, so he had to pretend-kiss boys, but when his pretend boyfriend got sick, Clarence had to be Dan’s pretend boyfriend. The play went wonderfully, and everyone cried about how much they loved it, but when it came time for the boyfriends to pretend kiss, Dan kissed Clarence
“What are you doing?” Dean asks when Cas gets situated on his bed. Dean sees that he is wearing bee pajamas.
“I was in the area,” he lies and tries to shrug.
He drifts in and out of sleep for a while, always coming back to those stars, those nights spent looking to them for comfort. They offer him nothing now. After a while, his phone rings, and he answers without looking to see who it is.
“If you want to talk,” he starts, but Dean cuts him off.
“What? Can I not miss my baby bro?” Gabe asks, feigning offense and letting Cas know that yes, he
“Hey, Dean,” a girl says, and for a moment, he thinks it’s Bela calling to gloat some more about getting him to cheat on Cas. The thought sends a pulse of pain, of unimaginable guilt to his gut, but when he pulls the phone away, the caller ID reads “Anna Milton.” His heart skips a beat, and when he’s ready to answer, his playful banter comes out hard and scratchy.
“So? The possibility of getting caught makes it ten times hotter,” Dean says with a defensive and confused shrug.
“I wouldn’t know,” Cas mutters, knowing it is what Naomi wants to hear.
“Wait,” Dean calls, because they have already messed the scene up. “Please, come back,” he calls again. He stands and tries to follow Cas, but his chains, though plastic, are tethered to the floor. They catch him, and all he is left to do is watch Cas run away. The lights dim around him, and the narrator’s voice comes out, rhythmically spilling some crap about why Frederick fled to cover Cas’ bailing. Dean isn’t listening. He is reliving kissing Cas, wondering at the fact that it felt like the most natural thing in the world to be doing. Dean is trying to catch his eye even though Cas is standing across the stage very pointedly looking anywhere but at Dean.
,” she gasps, and he smiles. “How am I? How are
“Dean,” Cas says gently, still leaning forward on his elbows and staring at Dean. He’s so close that Dean can’t help it when his eyes flash down to Cas’ lips. “I don’t want you to feel weird about it. We’re two consenting adults who just kissed. If you want to do more than that, fine, great. You’re hot as hell, and I won’t say I haven’t thought about it. But if you don’t, we
“What’s 'going on here,' is that you have enrolled yourself in a sexual orientation change effort, and we are going to help cure you. And for your information, the twelve-step program is a guide to conquering any addiction, not just alcoholism.” Naomi looks offended, and Cas doesn’t have the time to care. Instead, he is hanging his head in his hand, trying to rub the headache away.
(Hey you guys wanna see something kind of funny/ridiculous that I doodled during one of my planning stages? If so,
Dean fears that, should Sam find out his big brother was fooling around with a dude, he would find him repulsive, find in himself the disappointment Dean has always been accustomed to. “What do you need him for anyway?”
“Yes. Her name is Lilith. I think you’ll really like her. She’s the one who suggested giving you the car,” John says, and laughs a bit, his hands sinking deep into his jacket’s pockets. Dean, again, is too stunned to respond. He doesn’t know how he’s managing to get air through his lungs honestly. “So, I’ve got to go, but I’ll see you after school.” John says, claps Dean on the shoulder, and walks away without waiting for a reply from Dean. “Oh, and happy birthday.”
“I’ve been shoving down thin mints for the past two hours,” he replies, gathering up the wrappers and tossing the handful back at Cas. He grumbles and shakes them off onto the floorboard with the rest of their chip, candy, drink and other assorted snack wrappers. Cas is
” A voice screeches, accompanied by thunderous footsteps and many slamming doors. “Get out here, you son of a bitch!” Dean pulls away from Cas, turning concernedly to the door.
“God, don’t let me regret this,” Sam mutters instead of responding. “Give me ten minutes and we’ll leave.”
“Dean,” Lydia says, freezing him in the threshold with her the sound of her voice, cold and alert though it is nearly three in the morning. “Where are you going?”
Cas opens his mouth to let one of the millions of things out, and instead, silence falls. They stand there, staring at one another until Cas finally remembers
“I love him!”
“It’s there.” Dean grins at Cas, eyes locked on his frame as he moves across the room and plops down onto the couch, carefully avoiding Dean’s eyes.
“Are you kidding? You touch my daughter, and I’ll saw your jewels off with a butter knife,” she says, picking one up and pointing its blunt end at his testicles. He gulps.
Cas sits up blearily as they park, then blinks at the bunker with about as much enthusiasm as he’s approached the rest of the humanness so far. Meaning, with nothing but a grim resignation and a tight clench of his jaw. Dean’s stomach rolls.
So, instead, he chugs an energy drink as he fills Baby’s tank and doesn’t look at the puffs of condensation Cas’ soft snores are leaving on the glass, doesn’t think about what that same breath had felt like ghosting across his skin.
Smut shall ensue!
“Because we’ve been apart for a very long time,” he tells her, brushing her hair back from her face.
"You were a good kid, always trying to help out.”
Cas’ grip is tight and slow, agonizing, really. He keeps Dean from moving with weight of his body, the touch of his hand. After what feels like an eternity of glorious, agonizing jerking, Cas picks up the pace a bit, rocking his hips against Dean’s with a slight grunt every time. Cas’ rhythm is soon stuttering out, giving way to frantic, erratic thrusts and jerks, and with the added friction of Cas’ cock rubbing against Dean’s—not to mention the
“You’re so fucking hot,” Cas mutters, his breath hot against Dean’s ear and neck. “You like me fisting your hard cock don’t you? You couldn’t even wait until we got home. You’re such a little cock slut. Did you like sucking my dick? Did you like the taste of my come in your mouth? I know you did.” Cas scoots closer, taking Dean’s earlobe into his mouth and nibbling slightly. “You love this, don’t you? Fucking around in the school bathroom…” Dean is so fucking close. Cas speeds up as though he could feel it too. “Anyone could just walk in and see you with my dick in your mouth. Then everyone would know you’re fucking
, as if Dean’s influence were washing away from him with every passing second.
“Sure I do. It's part of the job.” She offers him a small smile. “Can I get you a coffee? Soda?” Cas starts to decline, then he hears the ghost of himself screaming at Dean all those weeks ago.
smitten with the green eyed man named Dean. Not only that, but some small part of him had felt, despite it being a job, despite Cas being ace, despite it all, that Dean might still be here when he woke up… But he was wrong, and so he pulls the covers higher around him, pretends he never felt as warm and content as he had last night, and tries to go back to sleep around the disappointment.
“The best I’ve ever had,” he replies softly, dropping his eyes. She squeezes his hand again.
“I’m coming, so you can either give me the address or I can track this call.” Her voice is stern, and Cas remembers why he loves her. He rolls his eyes as he gives her Dean’s address.
When they get to that private place, i.e., whaddya know, a bathroom, Dean is stuck on
“Let’s go see her,” he says finally, giving the women beside him one last smile before starting towards the doors.
“Yes, bug,” Dean says. He is exhausted, physically, emotionally, mentally drained. He just…Cas…Dean doesn’t…He is exhausted, so much so that he doesn’t even know what he’s feeling.
When they arrived back at the airport, they were both looking a little wilder, a little less put together, a little lighter.
Cas doesn’t say anything, doesn’t open his eyes, so Dean swallows down the twinge of fear and tries again.
“Hey, what about me?” Sam asks in a voice that’s both whiney and frantic.
John’s mouth hangs open, clearly searching for a response, but by the time he has thought of something, Bobby is already gently steering the boys away. Dean doesn’t look back, and with that slamming door, the reality of it all falls on top of him.
"Okay, fine, Mr. Winchester. Let's say that your daughter fell this time. She was playing on the jungle gym and just-" he mimes playing on the jungle gym and mimes a slip of the hand. "Whoops," he says, and Dean flinches a bit, probably imagining the fall his daughter must have had to warrant bruises like those. "I'll admit. It's possible, but what about next time? Your father was an alcoholic too, right?"
“Yes. You are more than enough. My reservations were never about your abilities; they were about this very thing.” Her voice is getting heated. He shushes her softly. Mary is sleeping soundly, but she may not stay that way what with all this arguing. “Cas, you can’t just build her this hero. You can’t just tell her about Dean and then snatch him away from her.”
“What?” he asks, snapping away from his thoughts and back into the present.
“Oh!” he gasps, reeling away from her and practically sprinting to the stairs.
“Bobby,” he says, laughing a nervous laugh at the name. “Uh, sorry…” He glances back at Cas and relaxes a bit, his smile turning more natural. “Uh, I’ll see you around, okay?” Cas nods, a soft smile on his lips. He takes his keys back from Dean and drives away.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nevermind. How’s it going?” She smiles at him, leaning against the counter. He watches her a moment, remembers the days when he would have hit on her to prove his heterosexuality.
“Yeah,” he answers, pulling her to her feet so they can walk to their respective rooms together. “I just miss him.”
Okay. Anyways. I'd love to know what you guys thought of hearing old Deany's perspective on all this. Lots of love!
“Sammy,” Dean says, smiling and waving to his little brother. Sam takes a seat next to Dean on the bench.
“Yes, ma’am,” Sam says before moving for the cabinets.
“Then I don’t care. I mean, okay, it’s a little weird, I guess, but whatever. As long as you’re happy.” Sam shrugs. Dean stares at his little brother, absolutely incredulous.
It had been decided that Sam would see Him first because Dean is his brother, because Sam has not spent the last ten years with Dean’s broken heart on his conscience. The thought of Dean's broken heart makes Cas cringe, and when Sam takes Cas' car and drives toward Him, Cas feels the need to defend himself to Gabriel.
“Are you okay?” she asks, and he looks up at her, face blank.
“Bye, boys. You be careful out on that road, you hear me, Dean Winchester?” she calls, her hands on her hips next to her customer.
“Excuse me, Mrs. Naomi,” A soft voice says, and Naomi turns. The young man before her can hardly meet her eyes. “I’ve got another letter for Castiel Milton from that Dean Winchester fellow. Do you want it with the rest of them?”
When they get back to that old house, those old memories flood him again. He sees Cas upside down in a tree, running down the street with a cape on, but then he blinks them away, and gets out of the car. Sam’s eyes widen at the car that obviously belongs to Lilith, but Dean is looking at the house.
believe that, that knows exactly what kissing Cas means, that knows he isn’t completely straight, that knows his feelings for Cas have never been completely platonic…well, Dean shoves that part deep,
“What are you still doing here?” she asks suddenly, pulling away and wiping at the tears in her eyes. “You should be at the hospital!”
“Dan and Clarence,” Cas asked skeptically when she was gone, and Dean smiled.
He hardly sleeps the week of, and when he finally makes the move to drag himself out of bed in the mornings, he finds his steps heavy, leaden. There is almost always a missed call and a new voicemail from Cas. Dean usually doesn’t listen to the voicemails. It always brings back pain and regret, but as he crawls out of bed the before his court date, he decides the day before he loses his daughter is a great day to be a masochist. Why the hell
He stumbles out of bed and gropes his way down the poorly-lit hall, taking the turns on muscle memory with his eyes half-shut. He doesn’t even glance when he enters the kitchen, just heads straight for the liquor stash. He rummages around for a moment—he’s almost
“Hi,” she says before glancing to Sam. He is looking back to her, as red as Dean has ever seen him. Dean barks out a laugh, and both sets of eyes cut to him, Sam horrified and Jess curious.
“Just because I’m loaded doesn’t mean that I want to spend all of my free time at home alone. So. I’m coming to Seattle,” he says to Cas. “And I’m moving off your couch,” he says to Anna. They both snort.
“I know,” he says, taking another hit, still very blatantly following her brother with his eyes.
The man comes out grinning, his pristine navy polo having been traded for a greasy t-shirt repping the local baseball team, khakis traded for worn jeans. His freckled cheeks are smeared with motor oil, but his grin is still bright and blinding. He’s just as beautiful in the daytime as in the night, maybe more so.
“I just wanted you to hang out with me,” Sam says quietly before turning away.
that has been torn between him and Dean Winchester.
good, Cas,” Dean says, putting a hand on his best friend’s shoulder, stopping them in the middle of the sidewalk. “You put your heart into this, and it shows.” Cas manages a small smile. “Now, I’m hungry, so what do you say we go to Ellen’s and grab a burger?” Dean grins at his best friend, and for the first time tonight, Cas really smiles at Dean.
good. I haven’t seen him this happy in years.” Cas smiles a bit sensing the
am ashamed. I wish I’d never kissed you, wish I’d never dragged you into this big, filthy mess, and I’m sorry for that Dean.”
“Mary,” a soft voice says, withered by time and tribulation. Mary, with her youngest child on her hip, older kids running around screaming, laughing, pulling light and life into the small house, pauses.
“Cas,” Dean gasps, into the darkness. It sounds very loud, louder even than when he’d been scraping his vocal cords raw, louder than the gunshots and the temper tantrums and the cavernous sounds of his footsteps.
“Oh, I’m sorry. Is it R?”
his end, then Cas never comes back, and Dean never gets the chance to tell him, tell him he
alone—though Cas does text him before the premier asking if he wants to watch together, and Dean, because he's a sulking bitch, ignores him. He gets on everyone’s nerves, and by the end of the week, he is ready to go crawling back to Cas. So he goes to Cas' house and knocks on the window, all to no answer, and not because Cas is mad at him. No, there is silence because Cas is gone, but Dean knows exactly where he is. Dean goes to the treehouse, and sure enough, the lights up top are ablaze.
“Hey,” he says, pulling up to the curb where Cas is walking, his backpack bouncing between his shoulders. “Need a ride?”
“Can we get ice cream after?” she asks, and Dean pushes out a broken laugh.
“I love you,” Dean murmurs, and Cas kisses him.
got the short end of the stick being named after an angel,” Cas tries to joke, his heart heavy. Lucifer looks at Cas with disdain.
Shot.
“Cas,” Dean had murmured eventually, his voice broken, and Cas couldn’t help but to look up into Dean’s face, look up into the sorrow and hurt.
“You wouldn’t talk to me for days. I finally had to fill myself with 'monsters' and banish myself to ‘purgatory’ to get you to forgive me.”
” Dean breathes, his entire being relaxing as they stare at each other through the glass. It begins to snow, but Dean can’t move from where he stands. He is frozen solid, not by the cold but by Cas’ eyes. Finally, he snaps out of it, a grin covering his face. “Can I come in?” he asks, and even though the window is shut, he’s sure Cas can read his lips. God knows he’s spent enough time watching them. Even so, a look of confusion covers Cas’ face. He pulls the window open slowly, and Dean slides right through, landing right before Cas with a huge, dopey grin. “Hey, Cas,” he breathes, and an instant later, he is dragging Cas in roughly, holding him against his chest with the force propelled by 2,678,449 seconds apart.
name could you
“I see,” he croons, stepping up and squeezing the skin of her stomach, causing her to giggle more. Sam smiles and turns her right-side-up on his hip. “How long
“I don’t know. It’s probably his mom or something. He hasn’t said anything to me.”
Smut shall ensue;)
“Do you really want me to explain the mechanics of it to you?” he asks, raising an eyebrow skeptically, and when her eyes meet his again, he sees a look of sheepish terror in her eyes.
to keep from kissing you. I’d change it if I could, Cas. I’d make my mom and my dad switch places because she would go beyond absolutely adoring and loving you. Not only that, but she’d be proud of me for finding anyone who can put up with me like you do.” Cas presses a soft kiss against Dean’s chest. “Then I’d give
“That’s nice,” Sam says, but Dean can tell he’s thinking of their mom too.
“We should clean up,” Cas says after a while, and Dean nods blearily, nearly falling over when Cas moves from under him and steps to the sink.
“Dean,” Cas whispers again, his entire body screaming for Him, screaming to spring at Him, wrap Him in his arms, and refuse to ever let go again. His heart is slamming in his chest, and every night he’s ever spent alone, with anyone but Him is playing over and over again in his head. He is reliving the emptiness of it all, the cold of the past ten years.
Cas feels Dean’s deep breaths against his shoulder. Cas is warm. He is safe. Dean’s strong arms surround him, hold him even as he sleeps.
Then he leaves.
“Daddy, look,” Emma says through giggles, her long, blonde hair dragging the ground with Sam’s swinging.
about Cas,” Dean spits, spine rigid as he stares at his little brother.
“You did this?” he asks, and Dean shrugs.
“No,” Dean says, stretching forward and kissing Cas softly. When he manages to make himself pull away, Cas looks a little more awake than before. Dean is sure that Cas can feel his heartbeat slamming away in his veins. “No, I’m so sorry, Cas.”
“I,” Benny starts, mouth fluttering. “I don’t know.”
stuck up Lisa’s ass when you were together. How can you be mad at me for wanting to see Meg?”
“Gabe?” Cas asks, and the amber eyes give way to a wolfish and mischievous grin. “What are you doing here?” he asks, blinking up to his big brother. It has been nearly two years since they have seen one another face to face. Cas is soaked. “Did you throw water on me?”
“Yes ma’am,” he says finally.
“I’m…gay, Cas…no guys are…hot,” she manages to get out around her laughter, but when Cas cocks his head at her, obviously defeated, she tries again, working harder to clear her laughter. “I’m sorry, Cas,” she replies, lips frowning, eyes laughing, everything about her betraying him. “I know you’ve had a rough day. Flat tire, dirty subway, evil boss, dirty
He wants it to come out sharp and spiteful, like the Dean who would rip up his anger to stab anyone who got too close. But Cas had been right. Everything he’s ever done, he’s done for love. He’s almost forgotten how to use that anger like a weapon.
The flickering light, pouring in from their doorway home, now close enough to graze his fingers over, gives Dean a crystal-clear view of the spike of fear across Cas’ face.
Then Bobby decides he’s had enough and guides the boys into his old, beaten-down, and rusty truck. They all cram in on the front bench, and it feels good. Dean revels in the feeling the whole drive to Bobby’s, trying to forget that his relationship with Cas is hanging precariously in the balance, that he was just kicked out of his home, that he's got basically nothing. For now, all he can process is that his baby brother is pressed safe against his side, and the miles are passing easily beneath their wheels. They are almost to Bobby’s house when they turn suddenly off the highway into Ellen’s, Bobby muttering about needing enough food to feed a litter. The little diner Bobby parks in front of has seen many nights of Sam and Dean avoiding drunk John, many mornings of Dean and Cas sneaking off, many afternoons of Sam and Jess studying and laughing. Bobby gets out, leaving them alone for the first time in days and staring at the front of that diner. They don’t know what to do with the silence, so for minutes that seem to stretch into hours, it suffocates them.
“Merry Christmas, Sammy,” Dean murmurs.
“He would be ecstatic. He wouldn’t know what to do with himself.” Jess smiles, and at that moment, the door opens and a nurse comes in, a pink bundle cradled gently in her arms. Cas scoots unconsciously to the edge of his seat, craning his neck to get a better look at her. Jess drops to her knees next to Cas’ chair, but he hardly notices. All he can see is the nurse leaning that tiny bundle closer and closer before she is finally,
“Hey-o brother,” Benny says, jogging to catch up with Dean as they make their way to the next class. Benny has a grin on his face, and a stack of papers in his hand. “Party tonight at my place and you better be there,” he says, slipping one of the papers into Dean’s hands and slapping him on the back. “Hey, Andrea,” he calls, running off to pass out the rest of the fliers.
The lunch table the next day is crowded with its usual suspects. Jess, Sam, Cas, Dean, and Lisa. They all sit together and they laugh together. Dean keeps stealing glances at Cas, all the while imagining his lips on Cas’. He knows it has reached a crisis point. He keeps watching Cas laugh. Even with his fucking hot girlfriend slyly sliding her hand up his thigh, he watches Cas. He watches him, watches his every blink, his every inhale…right up until a new face arrives at their lunch table. Even if the new face hadn’t been wearing a v-neck that practically showed her nipples, the smile that she brings out of Cas is enough to make Dean see her in a new light, one that makes Dean hate her.
“I don’t think I could survive without sex,” Dean says with a small laugh. A moment of silence passes and a knife twists in Cas’ gut because of course not…then Dean speaks again. “It is literally my bread and butter,” and this time, Cas laughs too.
“The princess, of course.”
As Cas pulls up to the courthouse, he spots Gabriel sitting on a bench outside, but the Winchesters are nowhere to be seen. Gabriel looks nice, dressed in a pair of pressed khakis and a sweater with honest-to-God elbow patches. Cas would laugh if he didn’t feel so sick. It just hit him all of a sudden, that he has cost Dean everything, and today will be the day that he watches it all unfold.
are.” Sam snorts, a smile barely appearing on his face that Dean counts as a small victory before he’s continuing seriously. “I can promise you, Sammy, that, as long as me and Bobby are around, Dad will never lay a finger on you again. You don’t ever even have to see him again if you don’t want.”
“Then I guess that’s that,” Bobby says finally.
showed up."
“It’s nothing, Dean,” Cas says in an attempt to appease Dean’s hostile questioning.
He drives slowly, and when he gets there, he keeps his head down, ignores the thumbs up Charlie tosses his way, and goes immediately back towards the cards. He picks one with a little hamster on the front that reads
,” and Cas snorts again, giving her hand a small squeeze.
you what he meant to me.” She is watching him with wide eyes, lips trembling as she takes him in.
Cas thinks it’s fitting.
“I’ll be here,” is all he can promise. “See you tomorrow,” he says before heading out.
Then, she dips into the bathroom.
“More than anything,” Dean whispers, sweat pooling on his chest, against his spine. Cas stares at Dean for a moment longer before nodding and slowly pulling his fingers from Dean. Dean swallows heavily, but Cas’ eyes never leave his, not even as he fumbles around for a condom, not even as he puts it on, not even as he lubes it up, returning a finger to Dean’s hole to slick that up with more than spit. His eyes never once leave Dean’s. Not when Cas hooks Dean’s leg high around his waist, and definitely not when he lines the head of his cock up with Dean’s hole.
“Is he ever mean to you?” she asks after a moment, and Emma stops to think.
“You don’t really seem like the settling down type,” Cas says with a soft smile.
“Third row, fourth little girl,” he says, sliding his eyes back to her.
“Garth, I need to talk to you.” Dean claps a hand on Garth’s shoulder to keep him in place. Garth’s eyes widen.
“Oh, he’s still
” Cas grins, presses his lips to Dean’s, misses the tag line, and laughs as Dean picks up the next one in his low tenor. “
while was he was asking about
“Well, he doesn’t,” he says, and he really believes it. Then, thank God, Lisa lets it drop, the silence that then ensues nothing like the silence he shares with Cas. Instead, it is waiting for anger to break, waiting for the other shoe to drop, waiting and waiting and waiting, and Dean can’t stand it. “Well, I for one, want to go home and have sex with you.” Lisa rolls her eyes. Dean looks over to his baby brother and his date. They are talking, a smile on each of their faces.
and how
“I’m gonna call Jess,” Sam announces, his face smug.
birthday?” She asks with a small laugh, stepping forward to kiss Dean. He kisses her back mechanically with tears welling in his eyes. She leaves after she kisses him, hips swaying like always, like she hadn’t just been pounded up the ass. He locks the door back behind her, slides down to his knees, and cries. Dean Winchester, macho man, ladies’ man, king of not giving a fuck, falls to his knees and sobs like a goddamned baby.
“Lighten up, Lydia. It’s just hair. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but it grows back.” Lydia opens her mouth to retort back, but before she can, Emma comes running back into the room, her pants a shade too pink to really match her shirt, green bow entirely out of place, and socks not even the same length. Dean grins. “Ready?” he asks her, and she nods excitedly. “We’ll be back later,” he tells Lydia, swinging his daughter up onto his hip and leaving.
It’s not just that he’s familiar. Dean…Dean doesn’t feel like he has to put on a show for Cas. He doesn’t have to be the caretaker Sam’s always needed, the soldier his father always wanted, the blunt little instrument, the bad guy, the ladies man, the pretty boy, the high school drop-out. Cas has seen him from every angle, and still, Dean gets to lie there, feeling the soft puffs of breath fall from between Cas’ lips, feel the slow unfurling of his muscles as warmth claims him again, feel the steadfast beat of Cas’ heart under his cheek.
it for me and Dean!” He puts a hand over hers, grips tightly, shakes it to show that he’s serious. The first tear falls.
It’s a possibility he hates himself for not preparing for. He’s just stunned and feeling everything crash against him in waves of self-hatred.
“Bobby?”
It is strange seeing Cas in his house, like a DC hero being on a Marvel set. It feels wrong, like these two lives should have never collided, and it’s enough to terrify him. Sam sees it. Cas does not, judging by the foot he keeps nudging against Dean’s beneath the dinner table. The whole night is hell, really. Lydia is kind and welcoming, Emma is at Lydia's sister's for the evening, but Dean is too freaked to say or do anything of import. In fact, before he realizes it, dinner is over, and Sam is yawning, saying he needs to get some sleep and asking if Dean would walk them out.
feel good enough,” Sam says with a biting snort. “We Winchesters sure know how to instill a sense of self-worth into our kids.” Sam turns away from Dean, knee bouncing and tongue sucking at teeth to keep from sniffing.
“Get your ass back here. Bring the card,” she says, and immediately hangs up. He pulls the phone away from his ear, stares at it, and does as he’s told. Normally, he would argue, but she’s there with
They stare at each other for a long moment before Holy Green breaks into a flirty smile and steps forward, pushing right up into Cas’ personal space. “I’m Dean,” he says, voice low and slick like honey or oil. Cas steps away, brows furrowed.
He stays there that night, sleeps like a baby in his childhood bed for nearly thirteen hours. Cas figures the next morning that thirteen hours of sleep is exactly what he needed. Even so, when he wakes up, he lies there for a while, taking in the hell-storm that is his life. He picks up his phone, not expecting Dean to answer, and He doesn’t. Cas could leave some pitiful voicemail.
“You don't really want to hear about some stranger’s problems,” Cas says with a grin that doesn't reach his eyes. Her smile slips a bit.
“Don’t you leave those boots on my stairs, boy,” Bobby calls after Dean, leaning around the still jabbering Sam to get his message across. Dean backtracks to pick them up, but Bobby’s voice stops him again. “Ellen and Jo are coming over for dinner, so you’d better clean up before they get here.” Dean drops his head and drags up the stairs to his room. He is too drained for dinner with anyone, let alone dinner with people he knows he’ll be forced to socialize with.
is my family. They’ve always been there. How many of my t-ball games did you go to? How many of my awards programs did you attend? How many nights did stay up helping me with my homework or fighting away the nightmares? Do you even know what grade I’m in?” Dean turns to his dad curiously. Both of his sons are watching him with wide eyes. Sam hopes he knows. He hopes John will surprise them all and confidently say eighth. He hopes that someday he’ll be able to forgive his father for all the hell he’s put them through, but if that is ever going to be possible, John needs to know.
Cas thinks numbly. Age has broadened Dean, hardened and defined him. Where he was absolutely beautiful before, he is now strikingly handsome. Looking at him, Cas sees his best friend, his heartbreak.
“You aren’t taking her,” he growls, but she just blinks up at him.
“You know what you can do to repay me? Take Jess out for ice cream. Go to college. Be happy, for Christ’s sake. If you really want to repay me, you’ll take every opportunity ever passed your way.” Sam watches Dean for a long moment, those big puppy dog eyes staring up at him.
Cheerios, not the other way around.” They both scrutinize him for a second longer before they shrug and enter Sam’s room. The place is a mess, empty pizza boxes and clothes strung about everywhere.
. Dean gets in and Cas smiles.
“Do you want to know what you missed, Dad? You missed my sixth birthday. You were passed out in your truck somewhere. I spent all afternoon at the school because you promised to pick me up, and by the time I realized you weren’t coming, the buses had already left. You missed my second grade science fair. That was the first time I ever put effort into a project, and when you didn’t care, I decided I wouldn’t either. You missed my fifth grade dance. You said you would pick my date up and take us but you were too busy at the bar. You missed me deciding to stop trusting you with things.
“Let me explain. I loved him with every ounce of my being. I still do. He was my everything. He was the reason to wake up in the morning, the reason to go to sleep at night. He was it for me. It doesn’t matter to me that our love was never legally recognized. This little girl was supposed to be
“Oh yeah? Then what happened?”
“Oh my God,” Cas stutters, hands still holding onto the eggs, half his instinct telling him to regather his groceries and get the hell away, the other half telling him to stay and fumble out an apology to the beautiful checker before him. In the scramble and fry of his brain, he choses something in the middle, that being to stand, stare, half-shout, “Sorry!”, and grab everything he can carry before
“I love you too,” Cas promises, and Dean can feel that he’s close. Dean picks up his speed and leans in for the kill.
he thinks, his heart slamming against his rib cage. He sees Dean watching him, heartbroken at what is being done to him, disgusted by what he is.
Cas knew what that small gesture meant for Dean. He knew better than to push, better than to hope for too much. He knew better than to hope for what they used to have. Even so, Cas didn’t mind. Dean was
“Wanna go to the old tree house?” Dean asks, pushing himself off the chair and offering a hand to Cas. Cas groans, falling back but putting his hand up for Dean to grab. Dean rolls his eyes and pulls Cas up, lingering his hand against Cas’ before letting it go and heading for the door with Cas on his heels. He pulls in a deep breath, setting his shoulders against the cold and torment before pulling it open. They walk in silence.
Once the tickets are bought, they sit shoulder to shoulder in silence through the previews and when the movie starts, Dean manages to turn the thoughts of Cas into a mere nagging in the back of his mind. The movie Sam picked actually turns out to be pretty funny, so naturally, he glances to his little brother, hoping to share in the joy. What isn’t natural is looking over to where his little brother just sat and seeing bright blue eyes staring forward in wonder, lips busted and parted. Dean reels, the memory washing over him.
“I bet your birthday present was just delivered,” Gabe says, a suggestive grin on his face which Cas ignores in favor of abandoning the chaos that is his hair and moving to the sink to brush his teeth. The mail person knocks again, and Cas groans around his toothbrush.
“I know that too, Cas. You underestimate my feelings for you. Twenty-four hours can do a number on a guy.” Dean smiles again, his hand still brushing across Cas’ face.
“Fuck,” Dean hisses, standing and jerking on his jeans before running after her. She is just finishing getting Emma back in her car seat when Dean bursts outside, shirtless in the nippy cold. “Lydia,” he calls, and she practically runs to get in her seat and slam the door on him. Unfortunately for her, Dean is quicker. His hand is on her door before she can pull it open, and she is trapped between him and the car.
“Dean…I didn’t…” But Dean has already closed his eyes and squared his shoulders.
“The fuck’s it to you?” John spits, and Dean scoffs, walking away from his father.
, dead on the floor because Dad took it a step too far! I’m sick of this, Dean! I’m not like them, and I don’t want to do it anymore!” Sudden silence, the only sound being Sam's heaving breaths.
“Don’t you think you’ve had enough?” Dean asks without thinking. If he had been thinking, he would have remembered to leave his dad the hell alone at the start of his downward spirals.
“My reply is in the mailbox waiting to be sent,” she says with a laugh. “I miss you, Cas,” she says quietly, gently.
“Am not,” he mutters, eyes flicking down to Cas’ lips before rising to his eyes. Cas is steadily closing the distance between them, one finger in Dean’s belt loop and the other around the nape of his neck.
“Okay,” Cas says, so they do. Dean takes Cas to get burgers, and for a while, they are together like they always have been. They laugh like they have since they were five, and Cas lets Dean help him forget the disaster that was his play. When they are full and satisfied, they walk home together in the dark and part ways at the end of their adjacent driveways. The next morning finds Cas tucked into his bed, his alarm clock screaming in time with his ringing phone. Cas groans and answers, wiping the night from his eyes.
“Not Gabriel,” the intruder says, and suddenly, the heat is back around him, swallowing him whole with the arms wrapped low around his waist.
“I’m packing my things,” he says dryly.
“No,” he replies shortly, and the lawyer nods.
"You boys are just growing up so fast," she says, a sad look in her eyes as she brings her hand up against his face. "Your mom would be so proud."
“Sure.”
“You’re a weird guy, Cas,” Dean says with a grin, crossing the room and sitting next to Cas.
“That’s not a very nice thing to say to your best friend,” Cas mutters, pulling Dean’s eyes open with the hurt tone in his voice.
“Can you do it or not?” Dean says, and it comes out gruffer, rougher than he means.
“I’m glad you could make it,” he tells her, and she laughs.
“Anna,” Cas groans, putting his head back on Dean’s shoulder. “I thought you were going to Rachel’s.” Anna hikes her bag higher on her shoulder.
The thoughts are ringing and ominous in Cas' head.
Dean thinks suddenly, noticing that she hasn’t touched her mashed potatoes. Just as he thinks that, she takes a slow bite of them, eyes locked with Dean as though she were reading his mind.
“I don’t think that’s such a good idea, Casserella,” Gabe says, voice heavy through the phone.
“Yes. Let me tell you what I know about Dean Winchester.”
“I’m nooot.” Dean sighs. He figures this is about as good as it’s going get.
Cas gives him a soft smile.
“It’s like,” he starts pausing to consider. “It’s like you’re grateful to him for sitting and telling you about the bees.” Sam takes a long moment to watch Dean’s reaction, and upon seeing the way he picks at his cuticles and refuses to meet Sam’s eye, he continues, double the verve. “You hate bees, Dean. It’s like you had a crush, like he’s some movie star instead of
Dean is sitting on Bobby’s couch. It is day seventeen, and Sam has been pestering him since he returned from Ellen’s over an hour ago. An average of 20,000 breaths pass through Sam’s lips every day, and today, Dean swears that at least 78% of them have been used to annoy the fuck out of him. He has thrown shit, mimicked, whined, bitched, been the neediest fucker Dean's
He feels like he’s in Purgatory all over again, the raw crush of emotions pressing against him from all sides, as oppressive as the Emptiness sliding down his throat. When he opens his eyes, there’s nothing for miles and miles. Not a single speck of light.
angry. I understood, understand. I told myself from the very beginning I was just here to apologize, never to try to win you back, unless it was explicitly clear that you wanted it.” A moment passes, Cas staring at Dean. “Is that what you want, Dean?” he asks softly, and Dean scoffs.
As soon as he says it, he feels his face burn, the alcohol warring with embarrassment to stake claim on the flush devouring him.
He goes to his own room and locks the door behind him.
“Neither do I,” Dean admits with a smile.
“Then he should go find him. No one should have to be away from the person they love,” she says, snuggling closer to him. “Thanks for the story, Daddy,” she says, and the next thing Dean knows, she is asleep, snoring softly, fingers twitching against his shirt as she dreams. He lays there with her for a while, heart thrumming in his chest, until he decides that she is right. He should not have to be without Cas, especially since Cas still wants him. He shifts her tiny body away from him, kisses her forehead, and picks up his
“We can’t finish?” Dean asks, only half-kidding as he raises his hand to cup Cas’ cheek, earning himself a blue-eyed glare. Dean grins and moves to put his pants on. “I’ll talk to him,” Dean assures, leaning back down to kiss Cas.
“You nervous?” Cas asks, still grazing his eyes over the crowd.
“Seriously, Dean. It’s kinda gross,” he teases, bringing a smile out of Dean.
. I want more than just us fooling around.” Cas moves his face from between Dean’s shoulder blades to prop his chin on Dean’s shoulder. Dean turns his head, his cheek brushing Cas nose.
“Happy birthday, Cassie,” Gabriel says with a shit eating grin, pressing a pamphlet into Cas’ hand before stepping past them and leaving. Cas watches him go confusedly before looking down to the paper in his hand.
“Why don’t we eat those pancakes now?” he offers, that lightness back in his voice. It is very hollow. Even so, Cas closes his mouth and moves towards the kitchen to get their pancakes. They eat in silence, and when the pancakes are gone, Dean smiles at Cas again, lips sticky with syrup. He stands from the stool and rolls his hips. “Sexy
“Come on, Cas,” Dean says, pushing himself up and crossing the small house to Cas. He kneels before him, laying his hands against Cas’ knees. Cas’ eyes stay down, so Dean reaches out and lifts Cas’ chin. Their eyes meet, and it is the fire and ice their relationship has always been. “It wasn’t about Meg,” Dean admits quietly, and Cas nods, his chin still in Dean’s palm.
“What’s going on?” she asks cheerfully, wrapping a loose arm around Dean’s shoulders and playing with the hair at the nape of his neck. Dean’s mind flashes back to Cas’ fingers tugging his hair, forcing him this way and that. Heat rises beneath her palm.
“Ew, she said that?” Sam asks, looking to Jess and laughing.
scene really—is simple. They are in a prison cell, trapped by the light that Garth is successfully shining on them. Dean is on his knees. He is bloodied. He is tired. Cas is shaken. He is worried, and when he sees Dean, all he can do is fall to his knees next to him.
Dean’s whole world is spining. It’s too much, it’s never enough, and Dean opens his eyes because he wants to see Cas when he comes. He needs to see Cas. It takes a moment of watching Cas, of seeing him come undone by Dean’s hand to push him over the edge. He comes in hot spurts on his stomach, on his and Cas’ joined hands, and a few seconds later, Cas is coming too, rubbing his dick against Dean’s to draw the last drop of come out of both of them.
Fast forward twenty-three years, the air of a charged courtroom settling around them.
“What?” Cas asks, narrowing his eyes at Gabe. He just shrugs and stands before Cas.
“I’ll be back,” he calls to the waitress, but she rolls her eyes.
The windows around them begin to fog with their breath, and Dean suddenly understands why even being back on Earth hasn’t been enough to snap the chill away. It’s friggin’ January in Illinois, and Baby’s been left to the elements for damn-near twenty-four hours.
“So if you’re my daddy now, why don’t I have a mommy?”
Anyway, time for thanks and stuff! Really, the main people I'd like to thank are you guys. You kept me going, and I can assure you that this fic would not have been finished if it hadn't been for the unending stream of love and support, even if it was in the form of comments telling me how much you hate me;) But in all honesty, I want to thank you endlessly, really and truly, from the bottom of my heart<3 So thank you. This has been a wild ride for all of us, and I hate to see it end, but I mean, at least Dean and Cas are happy now!
, and Cas is sitting at home alone. He snatches the card off the counter, almost forgets the flowers, and jumps into his car. The drive is long, takes an eternity until it doesn’t. Soon, he’s parking without thought in the handicap parking spot and jumping from his car. As he runs to Dean, he tries to keep calm, tries not to get his hopes up, tries to remember that if he says no, it won’t be the end of the world. It would hurt like hell, of course, but he’d still wake up in the morning.
“Dean’s really insecure about himself,” he starts, crossing his legs on her bed and staring up to the ceiling. “He tries to hide it, but I know. He’s especially insecure about his stomach because he’s got this soft,
“Situations like this don’t usually occur. Normally when people pay as much as they do for my services, I end up tied up, stretched out, plugged up, dressed up…I’ve been asked to do some pretty weird stuff.”
[Cue the intensifying of puppy dog eyes and lip quivering.]
“Happy birthday,” Sam says with a smile as Dean plonks down at the table beside him. He blows out the candle, wishes for—what else—Cas, and digs in, groaning around the taste of pecan and sugar and butter.
“I’d love that.”
Dean thinks mournfully. He takes one last look around at the empty pizza boxes, the empty beer cans, the endless piles of dirty clothes and dirty pasts before leaving, not bothering to lock the door behind him.
“It doesn’t come on until 8,” Cas says with a smile. “Do you think an ice cream date will last five hours?”
Dean spins once, twice, and a third time before his beloved Impala comes to rest, crooked, on the shoulder in the stench of burnt rubber and echo of screeching tires. A few cars pull over to check on him, phones out and ready to call 9-1-1, but when they see Dean sobbing in the front seat, their curiosity gets the better of them.
That very night, Cas tosses in bed for hours, replaying his conversation with Dean, unable to sleep for the butterflies in his stomach. Eventually, he gives up on sleep and moves to the living room, the food network already playing from his last sleepless night. He watches for a bit, knowing he’ll either get sleepy or hungry, hoping to God that it’s hungry, and sure enough, two episodes in on his late-night binge, his stomach begins to growl. At the first rumblings, Cas jumps up, snatches his keys off the counter, and drives to Walmart. Because he knows he just wanted to see Dean, he grabs the first things that come to mind, those being potato chips and Nutella.
“Yeah, Dad’ll be home soon. We don’t want him worrying about you.”
happy, Cas? Back home, after I left?” Dean asks finally, his heartbeat a deafening drum in Cas’ ears. Dean isn’t sure if he truly wants to hear the answer.
Dean turns and glares at him.
“I’m here too, Annie,” Gabe sneers, and she departs from Cas to roll her eyes at Gabriel.
“My you’re cocky,” Cas teases, a grin on his lips.
When the time comes, they finish their scenes in character but without the chemistry they previously had, and as soon as the curtains close for good, Cas bolts, leaving even before he gets to enjoy the standing ovation he receives. Dean follows shortly behind him, but after changing out of his costume and telling Sam to catch a ride with Bobby, Cas has a pretty lengthy head start. When Dean gets to their quiet little road, he heads straight for Cas’ house, knocking rapidly on the door and receiving no response for his troubles.
He asks himself, staring at the moonlight falling through the window.
kick your ass.” Gabriel, despite his being nearly four inches shorter, does not look afraid. In fact, he laughs.
“Happy birthday, Dean,” Jo says as soon as they walk through the door. She is behind the counter, pot of coffee in hand.
“Actually, I need to check on my brother,” Dean says and stands, brushing the dirt off his pants and turning for his house. “I’ll see you later, Cas,” he says and walks away, leaving Cas hanging in the tree, his arms dangling below him. When Dean makes it to his house, he finds Sam scooting around on the floor, babbling the whole time.  “Look at you go, Sammy!” he laughs, sitting beside his brother and watching him scoot around.
“Well, we’ve read all the books on your shelf, bug,” Dean says, sitting next to her and wrapping her in his arms. This is what he needs to make sense of his life, holding his child close and telling her bedtime stories. Everything makes sense with her. She snuggles closer, playing with the buttons on his shirt.
wanting to be with me! I’ve never had anyone want me! How the fuck was I supposed to know the difference?”
. At least all those years ago, he only hurt Dean—not that that is ever okay—but now, he’s made sure the single most important person to Dean is refused the right to see him. Cas has taken the only thing Dean loves, and he may never forgive himself.
He’s wearing a smile that sits unfamiliar on his face, but he’s got the trenchcoat, he’s got the hair, he’s got the long fingers and electric eyes, and Dean…Dean can’t breathe.
“I found something else to live for,” she says finally.
“Well, the Gregorian calendar doesn’t exactly account for ancient beings, so I guess I’ll forgive that one,” Cas tells him, still grinning at him, still holding his face, still holding him together.
“Our flight isn't until the morning.”
“You’re a weird dude, Cas,” he says, closing his eyes again.
Dean trails his hands over Baby one last time before climbing back into Bobby’s rusty truck and starting the engine. He was only entirely hoping to hear that deep, rich roar and open his eyes to see leather beneath him, the road stretching out over Baby’s hood, Cas right next to him, and Sam laughing in the back. He was only entirely hoping that this whole disaster has been just one long, hellaciously vivid nightmare.
another man. Dean, however, jerks away from Cas immediately upon the sight of her, clamoring out from under him and grabbing the first piece of clothing he can find to cover himself.
“Yes, that’s me,” Cas says as though him stepping forward when his name was called wasn’t obvious enough. The man’s nametag reads, “Garth,” but by the time Cas’ eyes have flicked back up to the man’s, he’s introducing himself.
worried, if he was willing to let Cas rot in the Empty.
“How could I forget?” Dean laughs, squeezing Cas’ hand softly. Cas grins.
, probably for the better. "Mr. Winchester, do you have any questions for your client?" Sam gathers himself, nods, and rises, going to stand beside Dean who relaxes almost immediately at his closeness.
“No,” Missouri scoffs with a fond smile. “Most people who first met him thought he was arrogant and thoughtless.” Cas snorts, his head rocking in a nod.
“You might think it’s R but it’s the sea.” She giggles. She cackles. Cas holds her tightly to him and grins. On and on this conversation goes, loud enough for them and quiet enough for Jess and Sammy. She asks about Dean again and again, and Cas answers as best he can. By the time the movie is over, Sam has swept Mary away for another round of play, leaving Jess and Cas alone in the living room. It is silent for a long while.
“What is there to do?”
Castiel does not become a happy drunk. He does not become an angry drunk. He becomes a silent drunk, mind entirely empty of thoughts, and with that being the case, he is completely content to drown in his sorrows until he can’t remember his own name, let alone
“Yeah,” he says, forcing a smile that he’s sure looks tired and broken. 1,468,845 seconds without Cas. “I’m just tired.”
“I think she can stand a
“Did I wake you up?” Dean asks, walking over and sitting on the bed next to Cas.
but Dean doesn’t say that... There would be no point.
“Yeah, I’ve noticed.”
and rapping gently on it with his knuckles.
with him,” Dean tries to protest weakly, but Sam is already talking over him.
bestest friends. I love you guys!” Dean rolls his eyes and takes a Jell-O shot before leaving Benny alone in the kitchen to tell someone else how much he loves them. Dean searches the house from top to bottom, pushing his way through the people and the pulsing crowds until he finally spots Cas alone by the door looking for all the world like he doesn’t want to be here.
“I fucking love you riding my cock,” Cas blurts, half crazed.
“I’m Dean,” he says and takes Castiel’s hand into his. They don’t really know what they are doing. They are merely playing at things they’ve seen grown-ups do, so when their almost-shake ends, they sit under that tree hand in hand until the teacher calls for the end of recess. They walk to the classroom hand in hand, and when the day is over, they walk home hand in hand. John sits on the porch, sprawled about with a beer bottle in one hand.
“I see you found her,” she says, and Cas tears his eyes away from his daughter long enough to spare her a smile.
“Isn’t it better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all?” he asks her, attempting to smile to cover his shaking.
When the kids are done eating, they scurry back off to whatever game they had invented, leaving the adults alone again. They stare at one another in a vibrating silence before Jess clears her throat and speaks.
flirting like teenagers through the phone.”
“He’s still our dad, Bobby,” Dean supplies finally, drawing Bobby’s eyes back to his, only to find them burning.
“No, I’ve been sleeping like a log,” Cas replies with a shrug.
"Is it, or is it
“I’m so sorry, Dean. I tried so hard… She said something to him; I don’t know what. He said he wanted to go.” Dean swallows, all the air stripped from his lungs.
“Thank you, Cas,” Dean says, his voice shaking slightly. He pulls Cas to him in a hug, burying himself in Cas’ neck, in Cas’ scent, in Cas’ existence. Cas presses a kiss to Dean's shoulder.
“Ask him,” he says simply, and the indifference of it all has Gabe’s eyes sliding from Sam over to Cas.
“I’m not fucking hungry,” he screams, and Lilith turns red in the face before excusing herself to go talk to him.
“‘I want to apologize for everything that has happened between us. I need you to understand that I never loved you. I’m not apologizing for that.’” Dean laughs humorlessly, tears forming big and full in his eyes.
“Cas, I want you to come with me,” Dean gasps, pulling away slightly to stare into Cas’ sex-crazed eyes. Cas nods rapidly, his lips parted and panting. Dean untwines one of their hands and reaches between them to stroke Cas. He never tears his eyes from Cas’, even as his rhythm stutters and the heat in his gut reaches into overwhelming territory. One last brush of Cas’ prostate has Cas coming over Dean’s hand and stomach, eyes squeezing shut as his body spasms. The sight of Cas falling to pieces, along with the tight clench and hot promise of his orgasm, sends Dean coming right after him, his forehead falling against Cas’ shoulder when he’s got nothing left.
“Of course, I can,” she says. “What’s your name again?”
“You can come in
“Come on, Cas. This is our first Christmas together as a couple. I want it to be special.” Dean rubs slow circles into Cas’ back, his lips playing gently in that dark tuft of hair. Eventually, Cas props up on Dean’s chest, chin digging into his sternum and eyes burning holes.
, Cas, you have to love me!” Dean is crying, hot and heavy tears roll down his face, dirtying his face with the streaks. “I’m sorry, okay! I’m sorry I fucked Bela! I’m sorry I didn’t tell you I loved you often enough! I’m sorry, Cas! Please.
“I’m sure he would really appreciate you being there,” Sam replies, and Cas closes his eyes, shakes his head.
“Sorry, man,” she replies with a sorrowful smile. “He didn’t want to leave his spouse?” she asks, and Cas scoffs.
“Huh…I just always thought it was because of Jo’s crush on me,” he says thoughtfully, passing her another dish to be dried and put away.
. “What is it with you and bathrooms?” Cas mutters around Dean’s lips, but Dean doesn't have time for teasing banter.
“Dean,” he whines, and Dean has half a mind to bend him over and fuck him right here and now, but he doesn’t. Instead, he slows his pace to an agonizingly slow speed, watching Cas come undone before him. He can feel him writhing in his grip, but he is no match for Dean’s strength. Cas’ lithe frame is nothing compared to Dean’s body with four years of powerlifting behind him. “Dean,” Cas practically screeches when he comes to a complete stop, his tongue just lapping gently at Cas’ head. “Fucking
“He was jerking me off in the school bathroom, and when I came, it was because he said anyone who walked in would know I was his,” Dean says, watching with halfhearted glee as the horror makes its way onto his little brother's face.
“That doesn’t make it hurt less,” Dean whispers instead, and Bobby nods, pain and empathy in his eyes.
“Uh,” he stutters, cheeks heating as he looks at anything but the porn pamphlet in his hand.
“Well, it means that the mommy and daddy that had you before, for whatever reason, didn’t think they could take care of you, so they gave you to me.”
“She’s
“As a writer, that’s all I can ask for,” Cas replies with a grin.
“Oh, yeah. Anyone with eyes could see that you two care about each other.”
“I’ll see you tonight, Cas,” Dean says and steps away. He drives Sam home that day and sits to play video games with him for a while before showering and heading out for Benny’s. The minute he walks in, someone hands him a beer, and he downs it. “Yo, Benny,” he calls over the pulsing music, but Benny does not appear. “You seen Benny?” he asks a random, and they point to the kitchen. Dean finds Benny pulling Jell-O shots from the fridge, humming along to the beating bass with the smell of alcohol already staining his breath.
“Say what?” Ellen says, rinsing her hands and drying them on a limp dish towel.
to keep the devouring, aching hurt away from him. He fails sometimes, fails while watching her struggle to open the milk, fails while dodging yet another call from Gabe. His biggest failure hits him when searching his old desk drawers for a piece of paper. Instead, he finds the street sign. He lifts it out of the drawer gingerly, cradling it like it is a small child. He runs his fingers over the chipped, dusty letters, heart slamming in his chest. He traces out Dean’s name first, then his own.
,” Dean groans, rolling away from Cas and jogging to the door. When Dean pulls the door open enough to poke his head out, he sees Lisa banging away at the door next to them, anger set into her shoulders. “Lisa,” he says, stepping out and taking her wrist in his hand to stop the banging.
Dean lays staring up at the ceiling for a long while, breathing in that almost-Cas smell before it all becomes too familiar and indistinguishable. A knock sounds, but before he can answer, his door is being pushed open and slitted, tawny eyes are staring at him.
“What?” he asks, incredulous at the question. No, he doesn’t think homosexuality is wrong. It’s a part of who he is. It’s not something that can be changed, despite the efforts of this damn clinic.
“Grumpy puss in the mornings, are we?” Cas glares harder, if even possible. “I brought you birthday pancakes,” Gabe says, waving his hand to Cas’ bedside table where pancakes do indeed wait. As if that makes it better.
“No, Dean,” Cas says, backing away from the hand Dean still has resting on his shoulder. “You loved the sex and the idea of a safe relationship where you thought you wouldn’t get hurt, but you never loved me.” And it is that moment that Dean sees where he went wrong, where he screwed their whole relationship up.
, and on the inside
“Wait,” he gasps, pulling away and catching Cas’ wrists. Dean looks Cas dead in the eye when he speaks. “I want to go bare back.” Cas’ breath hitches in his throat.
“Get out!” he shouts, startling Cas where he sits on the arm of Dean’s chair watching him. “I can’t fucking do this! This, this hot and cold and goddamn whiplash! I’m not seventeen anymore! I need something fucking steady, and my
“Yeah,” Dean says immediately with a snort. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
“He looked very drunk. Maybe you should talk to him,” Cas suggests, panic practically radiating off of him.
“Where ever you think is most important.”
“I’m so sorry, Cas,” she murmurs, reaching a hand out and cupping his cheek.
caused.
“Here,” Cas says, shaking it out and wrapping it around Dean’s shoulders.
“You haven’t changed at all,” Cas says in wonder, heart thrumming in his chest. He has missed Dean. Dear God, ten years of repressing what he felt for Dean, ten years of fake smiles and swearing he was whole. He will never be whole without Dean.
feelings to call him out on it.
“I would expect nothing less,” Dean says with a smile before leaning down and pressing a soft kiss to Cas’ shoulder. When Cas gets the shirt off, he flips the sign so he can read it, and as he does, a grin spreads across his lips.
he writes.
All those moments that Dean wouldn’t get to write over if he couldn’t find him.
he thinks softly.
“Have you gotten my letters?”
Cas finds Baby’s keys exactly where they always are—Dean’s front pocket, Cas’ hand is
“Don’t go away angry,” Gabe says sweetly, a dark look on his face. “Just go away.” Cas scoffs in frustration and slams the door on his way out.
about any of it!”
, these people, are stronger than I am. I’m scared that they’re going to convince me it isn’t real.”
” Dean leans back, eyes wide as he stares at her, taking in her gall and her nerve.
“I miss you, Daddy,” she cries, climbing up and peeking around the bailiff’s shoulder to look at Dean. Her arms reach for him, and tears roll down Dean’s face.
,” and just like that, Dean is coming all over Cas’ hand, covering him in hot spurts and groans that taste like sex. Dean kisses Cas’ opened mouth, panting against his lips and seeking tongue, and when he pulls away, he rests his forehead on Cas’ shoulder and just breathes. They sit in silence for a long moment, their heartbeats slowly returning to normal.
“So what? I’m just supposed to pretend he never existed.”
“Anything for you,” Dean murmurs, but he’s pretty sure Cas doesn’t hear him. It's probably for the best. “Yo, Garth,” Dean calls after he gets dressed and leaves the room, catching sight of the scrawny boy walking very quickly down the stairs. “Garth, hold up.” Garth pauses, mid-step and turns to look at Dean.
“You don’t understand,” Cas says quietly, voice heavy with tears.
Gabriel doesn’t say much over their meal, and Cas doesn’t really mind. He’s too busy remembering what he was drinking to forget. Instead, Gabriel simply sits and stares at Cas. It’s been almost two years since he’s seen him with his own eyes, and quite honestly, the time apart hasn’t bothered him. When they were little, it would have killed Gabe to go two days without hearing his little brother’s infectious laugh or seeing his wide eyes staring in wonderment.
“Fuck,” she mutters under her breath, but her mother is too tuned in to the moans to scold her profanity.
“I don’t care what you do with the letter just as long as Castiel doesn’t know it ever existed. You can read it and live vicariously through what I’m sure are pitiful pleas for Castiel’s response.” Naomi laughs in delight, turning away as the man puts the unopened letter onto a stack of letters, each addressed to Cas in Dean’s lazy scrawl.
"Yes, my father was a drunk."
But she just smiles, pockets the picture and the cash and leads him around a corner to the motel where she does her business.
“He’s a fucking
“Good morning, my love,” Dean murmurs, and Cas leans up to kiss him.
“Oh, God,” Gabe groans in disgust. He leaves, slamming the door behind him.
“I’ll pick him up when I pick up my things.”
want to keep us kissing a onetime thing." Dean blinks, trying to clear Cas’ face in the darkness so he can tell if he totally overstepped his boundaries.
“Because you’re beautiful,” Cas says with a shrug, and if it weren’t for the blush that blares its way into Dean’s cheeks, Cas might think the scoff Dean lets out is genuine.
, no matter what, in any way that Cas was willing to give himself, and if he was willing to give himself as Dean’s lover, Dean realized he was more than happy to accept him as such.
them the last few feet through the doorway, clutching Cas with everything in him until the light of the barn explodes around them and the wall he’d used to open the Empty gurgles closed again.
Dean continues his trail downward, stopping to lock eyes with Cas once again before he flicks his tongue out against Cas’ nipple. Cas hisses in response, so Dean takes the flesh between his teeth and sucks until he knows Cas is probably raw, then he laps at it again and again with his tongue to soothe it. Dean then decides that is low enough and begins his ascent back to Cas’ mouth, but apparently Cas has other ideas, rolling them easily and landing back astride Dean. Dean’s hands hook behind Cas’ knees, lining up their dicks so that his every thrust up meets Cas’ grind down perfectly. They writhe against each other for a long while, until Cas’ breathing gets ragged and Dean’s jeans become too fucking much, even unzipped.
“You’re interested in photography?” Cas asks in an effort to take the attention off himself, and judging by the scoff Dean lets out in reply, it has worked.
“Cas,” he starts finally, silently fumbling for a way to explain himself. “I didn’t mean to…you know..”
Dean crawls from under the covers and stands on the foot of his bed, craning his neck to see out of the window. He wants to know if Cas is still awake. He wants to know if Cas can make this better like he made school better. Dean pulls on his shoes and climbs out of the window before running across the yard, across the street to Cas’ window.
“No,” Dean says, picking up a card from the counter and holding it up for Cas to see. It’s the same one he holds in his hand. “
Jess had tried to talk him out of it. She’d said a child is hard enough with two parents. She’d said a child needs constant attention. She’d said a child is not a fix-all solution. Cas had shaken his head because that was not what this baby would be. This baby would be loved. This baby would be wanted. He’d told her that aside from Dean himself, the only other thing he’d ever wanted more was a child. Jess had known she would lose, so she’d taken her failure in stride and backed off. Cas had left the next morning for the nearest adoption agency, and now, he waits.
with these dramatic monologues.” Dean grins fondly. “Which is pretty damn cute considering she has the vocabulary of a four-year-old.”
The hurt warps onto Cas’ face immediately. So like all the times Dean has failed him before. The hand that holds Dean’s shoulder, holds Dean up, flexes, and Dean’s screaming, but it doesn’t make it past his lips.
“Yes, he does, and you know it. Lydia is divorcing him, and her lawyer called me today and said that she was trying to take full custody of Emma. He warned me that I better have a damn good case ready if I wanted Dean to ever see her again.”
“Dean, kiss me,” Cas whispers finally, urgently, and for a split second, Dean forgets that he is onstage in front of hundreds of people, in front of his Uncle Bobby, in front of his baby brother. He hauls Cas to him and kisses him, opened mouthed and teeth clashing. Somewhere in his mind, Dean registers the many sudden intakes of breath, but all he can focus on is the small gasp he swallows from Cas. All he can focus on is how surprisingly soft Cas’ constantly chapped lips are. All he can focus on is the fact that he is here, kissing Cas, but then, all he can focus on, is the fact that Cas is pulling away. Cas’ wild eyes are meeting with his, and Cas is scrambling away.
“Of course. Everyday.”
“Hey, Charles,” Cas replies, watching Dean fondly across his tiny kitchen table.
“Don’t,” he whispers, but it’s sharp in the otherwise silence of the car. “Just…just don’t, alright? Please.”
Another shot down.
“I love you,” Cas murmurs against Dean’s lips, and no matter how many times he hears Cas utter those words, his stomach still does a tiny flip. It will probably always do that little flip to those little words.
“Winchester,” she mimics softly, but Dean can only nod. After another moment of staring at him, she straightens and puts on a fake smile. “Well, Dean Winchester, I have a very important question for you.” Dean swallows nervously, looking up to her with wide eyes. “Do you like pancakes?”
“Anna’s watching him.”
“Well I’m sure eating pancakes is by far the weirdest thing someone has ever asked you to do,” Cas says, deadpan, and Dean surprises him by laughing.
“We’ll talk about this later, Charlie,” Naomi grits out, but Charlie only sits back in her seat, smug smile on her lips.
, that Dean gets to keep his little girl.
“It’s just that we already have the name and number you’ve given us on file.”
gets full custody, and
“Your dog?”
"Overruled. I'd like to hear Mr. Winchester's explanation of these bruises.” Her eyebrow's raise as she waits. "Well?"
“Oh! Oh, yeah, sure, definitely. I'll uh, see you around,” he says, hanging it like a question and smiling one last time before returning to his station, leaving Cas to return to Charlie’s. He stares at her, stunned for a moment, and she stares, stunned right back.
“You actually did it,” he says, sounding just as awed as is deserved after the fucking two days Dean’s had. The fucking two
“Can we go to the park? I’ve been meaning to go and take some still-life’s around the lake.” What Cas really means is he wants to take candid shots of Dean around the lake.
swallowed the pills.
. Then, he’d socked his little brother across the jaw hard enough to send him sprawling. He’d snarled something he’ll probably apologize for later—
Second grade flashes before him, third, fourth, and fifth. He sees them all. He was there. He remembers. He sees the laughter. He sees the tears. He sees the pranks and the homework and the birthday parties and the friends that never lasted as long as Dean and Cas did. No one lasted as long as Dean and Cas did, but even they fell apart in the end.
to me so I can find out what the fuck's wrong! So when you’re ready to tell me about what your problem
“I forgot how volatile it is being human,” he says, staring down at the wet marks on his coat sleeve. That sick, churning feeling stumbles through Dean again.
” Cas ignores him. If he ignores him long enough, perhaps he’ll go the hell away, and for a blissful beat of silence, Cas honestly thinks he has. His eyes drift back shut so that he can sleep until his alarm goes off like God intended. “
But he’s got nothing left. He is being held together now by nothing but skin and Sam, and it is all too much. Everything is too much. He just wants Sam to be happy…if he can have nothing else he cares about in this God forsaken world, give him that.
“Ms. Milton,” Dean finally whispers, anything to stop the hellish silence.
because he’s beautiful and game for anything.”
“Because! Because he’s straight, first of all,” Dean sputters, because, just because Cas is out to Dean doesn’t mean he’s out to everyone and telling anyone around here might as well be tattooing it on Cas' forehead for everyone to see,
“Hey, Anna. Can I talk to Cas?” Dean runs a worried through his hair, and the silence between them hangs for a long moment.
Castiel says nothing…what is there to be said to that? It did feel good… It felt as good as sex with Dean, if not better. It felt honest. It felt like he wasn’t forced to hide because he was with another man. It also felt wrong. It felt like, despite everything, he still wants the big hands, the broad shoulders and the dick. It also felt dirty, and he, unlike Dorothy, comprehends enough to know that he was just raped.
to be there! There’s nothing I can do about that except respect it! He doesn’t want me anymore, and that’s the end of it. He finally realized that
“I’m paid until 10 in the morning,” Dean says, and Cas shifts uncomfortably.
“Get the
“I’m gonna be so good to you, Cas,” Dean whispers, kissing and licking there next to Cas’ hips while Cas struggles to even his breathing. “So good,” he murmurs again, before nosing his way down the length of Cas’ dick.
“Gotta say,” she croons as she shoulders open a door on the second floor. “I don’t usually get this kind of request from guys like you. It’s usually dudes who live in their mother’s basement wanting a night with Scarlett Johansson.”
, Cas,” Dean whimpers. It is all Dean can say, all that he has left in him. He stares into those eyes for a long moment, the same blue eyes that stared at him under that big tree, the same blue eyes that he’s loved since he was five, the same blue eyes that have taken him apart piece by piece, again and again. They are home. They are every good and warm memory, and nothing will change that.
thirteen hours. He does not talk to Gabriel when he makes it in, nor to Sam. He goes straight to his room and sleeps. He dreams of Dean, of green eyes laughing and freckles hiding in the creases of his smile, and when he wakes, he stares blankly up at the ceiling, heart hammering in his chest.
“Is it Dad?” she asks, the world suddenly made up of her own voice and Jess’ across the line.
"I need you to work Tuesday," she calls, to which he brings the back of his hands to his ears, covering them as much as he can manage.
“Castiel, hi, I’d love to have a private session with you. Normally, we save the first day for getting settled, but this accomplice of yours has me very concerned. I want to pick your brain about him for a moment if you’ll allow me.” Naomi smiles a smile that, while she surely thinks is disarming, makes every hackle Cas has rise.
“This is…” Cas rubs at his eyebrows to hide his hands shaking and heart slamming against his ribcage. “This is crazy.” He props up on his elbows to look at Dean, Dean, whose lips are swollen by Cas’ demanding kiss, Dean, whose hands rest on Cas’ hips waiting for permission to go farther, Dean, who Cas has loved since he was six. “Keep going,” he says finally, dropping back against his pillow with a rush of air from his lips. Dean smiles softly, presses a kiss to just below Cas’ belly button, and slides Cas’ boxers down and down until they are tossed to the floor and Dean’s lips are pressing to Cas’ bare hip.
He doesn’t realize it’s the first thing he’s written since the play that started it all.
“Yeah, I’ve got a major hangover, so he went find me some Tylenol, the sweetheart,” he says, winking at Sam when the blush rises on his cheeks.
“Damn it!” Cas hisses, takes the phone away from his ear to breathe, and brings it back with a small piece of his control reclaimed. “Feel better,” he tells Benny, then hangs up.
The trial begins at ten the next morning.
“Well,” Dean says after pushing out a nervous cough. “Do I need to take you back? I don’t want him to worry.”
“Because I’m dumb.”
and Dean held him, let Cas be reminded that everything was okay, that it was all over.
four,” Cas points out, and Dean shrugs, that grin still on his face.
he needs
“Well then why are you mad at
"Apologize," she growls, and Dean snorts, a fire growing in his stomach.
“I know when to give up, Gabriel!” Cas shouts back. “I’ve taken enough from him!”
“Thank God,” someone calls from behind the kitchen as Cas drops his bags. Anna appears a moment later, copper hair tied back in a messy knot, red wine filling a glass in her hand. “I thought I was gonna be stuck with your hellhound for eternity.” She grins at him before setting down her glass and wrapping him in a hug.
“They’re going to love you,” she tells him before kneeling down before him. “Now listen. I know you’re scared about your first day of school, but you’re already
.” Cas says nothing, just soaks up the fact that Dean
“Well, you need to
“Let’s go,” Dean says in lieu of a better answer. Sam offers a half smile before heading for the door. They have to borrow Bobby’s truck for the movies because the Impala is still John’s POW. Sam sits in silence through the ride, and Dean knows that even though he agreed to take the twerp to the movies, Sam is still irritated with him.
, Dean, and I know I’m only thirteen, but I do, and I want to marry her one day, and I’m scared that isn’t what she wants. What if that isn’t what she wants…?”
[Cue puppy dog eyes and quivering lips]
“That would be me,” Gabe pipes from inside. He appears a moment later with his hair a mess, hands in his pockets, and shirt probably back in his own room. “I’m great at fucking shit up,” he mutters, cutting Sam a short look before stepping around Dean and Cas. “Congrats, Cas,” he says before leaving, going back to his own room, rubbing the back of his neck absently. They watch him until the door shuts behind him and Dean and Cas turn to Sam for an explanation.
Otherwise, they talk about safe things—what happened after Cas left, what happened to Chuck, if they’d heard from Jack, if they’d been hunting—or they don’t talk at all.
That feeling in Dean crests and crashes, leaving him breathless.
“If you walk out on me, you walk out on this family,” John snaps, leaning closer towards Sam.
“Can we talk about this?” Dean asks quietly, glancing around to the faces still blatantly watching them. “Privately,” he says pointedly, putting a hand on Lisa’s back, one that she promptly slaps away but moves for the stairs anyways.  Dean follows, throwing a mournful glance at the door Cas has the good sense to keep firmly shut between them. When they make it outside, Lisa decides that they have gone far enough and turns to Dean with fury in her eyes, demanding an explanation. "How did you find out?” Dean asks quietly after a long moment of surveying the groups of people around him. Everyone outside is too wasted to care what Lisa and Dean are arguing about.
“Oh! I’m making avocado brownies,” he says, waiting for the reaction people always give when he tells them what he makes for his late-night snacks. The cashier does not disappoint. A look of pure disgust flashes across his face before he can reel it in and make it seem more welcoming.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Dean asks finally, and Bobby sighs.
“Why?” he asks softly, voice trembling in even the milliseconds it takes to say that.
“Would you tell me about yourself, Dean?” Cas asks gently, a small smile on his lips. Dean’s eyes darken again.
“Sam,” Cas starts, reaching out to…well, he doesn’t know what for, but he knows he wants to comfort Sam, to apologize, not just for Dean but for Jess too. Sam was like
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean murmurs, brushing his thumb over Cas’ knuckles. Twenty minutes later, Charlie appears with a grin, short, chin-length hair, and a massive hug.
“And what is his favorite type of music?”
“And I’m not at all surprised that you and Cas wound up together,” Bobby adds as an afterthought, leaning back in his chair and crossing his arms.
He wants to become a she. Anna’s mouth flutters open, fumbling for a way to tell her mother that there’s nothing wrong with it, that if Raphael wants to be called Raphaela, its probably because he’s always felt like a she. She deserves to be called what she wants. Anna doesn’t say any of this though. She doesn’t know how. Her mother is not one to be told off, so she swallows down her complaints and tries to ignore her mother’s insults. “It’s unnatural, Anna.”
Cas gapes at him, and it makes the fuzzy edges of his drunkenness quaver. It takes a long moment to realize that it’s not actually the world quavering but his vision.
“Why did
“Um, yes?” Cas takes a long time to respond.
“No late-night snacks recently?” Dean asks, a grin on his face.
“We lived with Daddy at home.”
Dean is kissing him. Dean is touching him. Dean is hugging him, yelling at him, winking at him, smiling at him, sleeping beside him, laughing, singing, eating breathing existing. Dean, Dean, Dean,
First period sucks. Cas isn’t there. Second period sucks. Cas isn’t there. Third period sucks, but not as much because Cas isn’t
“I’m so sorry,” Dean says again, and Cas presses his face into Dean’s neck.
“How did you do this? It’s been six years, and it still hurts so much every god damned day. How did,” Cas hiccups. “How did you live after Sam?” Jess takes a long moment, one that Cas uses to continue to sob.
On the ride home, Dean tells a story about Sam mistranslating a document he was working with in his ancient languages class and having it come out as breeding with the mouth of a goat. Cas is crying with laughter by the end of it.
“I meant it, Dean,” Cas huffs after a moment, his hips slamming harder and harder, faster and faster.
Mention of a suicide attempt and homophobia. Also yelling and smut. Just giving a heads up.
He finds Naomi in her office; he does not knock before entering. She sits there, legs crossed neatly with a clipboard resting atop her knee, crying girl in the chair before her. They both look up upon his entry. The girl's eyes are wide, Naomi’s, narrowed.
“No. Clarence’s mom told Dan’s dad. Dan’s dad was very, very angry, and kicked Dan and his little brother out of the house. Dan didn’t have a way to get to Clarence or even to know where he went. All he could do was wait for Clarence to come home, but when Clarence finally did come home, he was different. The people at the tower he had been locked away in changed him, changed his mind. When he came home, he thought that loving Dan was wrong too. He told Dan he never wanted to see him again, told Dan he never loved him. Dan’s heart was broken. He left everything that night, his home, his dad, his little brother, just to do what Clarence asked and make sure they never saw each other again.
“I miss her a lot, even still.”
Missouri stopped by one night, a pink balloon in tow that read
“It was good,” Sam jumps in eagerly, and Dean lets the kid have the conversation, already pulling his boots off as he heads towards the stairs.
“Yes,” Dean agrees, peeking up at her from the corner of his eye.
“I got gum stuck in my hair. Mommy had to cut it out,” she murmurs ashamedly; Dean cuts his look back to Lydia, and he looks at her while he speaks.
Cas’ eyes flutter open, and he looks so wrecked, so close to begging, that Dean’s heart shatters.
“Cas,” the voice on the other end says…well, chokes. “Cas, I’m sick as a dog, brotha’. There’s no,” the voice stops to cough, sending Cas shooting straight up in his bed. He pulls the phone back from his face praying to God that the caller ID doesn’t read Benny. “There’s no way I can make it tonight,” Benny says, because
is the hardest thing he’s ever done. But he does it. He has to do it. He has to make sure Sam has college and a home and a car and everything he ever needs. So he walks away.
“No,” Dean answers softly, his voice barely there at all.
“Hey, babe,” Cas starts, much the same as before. “I’m in the store, and I don’t remember what you needed other than butter and green onions. Sorry. Give me a call, and let me know what it was. Love you!” And he hangs up. The message is so mundane and everything Dean ever wanted from his life, that he has to take a moment and breathe through the tears rushing him. He sits there in silence for a good while, breathing in through his nose and out through his mouth, struggling to keep himself together. He opts to listen to one more voicemail, the dessert of his fucked up meal.
“You two?” he shouts, startling the pair. It was commercial, so Cas was pulled apart from Dean a bit, talking softly to Dean over the noise of the advertisement about nothing and everything. Upon Gabe’s startling entry, they jump a bit, and curl back together with a smile when they see it’s just him. “I figured you’d be in between the sheets by now,
“Steve is
“You thought, what, Sam? That I was just gonna pull Cas out of the Empty, and it would be a fresh start for everyone, and we’d all just fuck off into our happily ever afters?”
“Cas!” she calls, and he turns on his heels, eyes wide because
“I don’t even want to hear it. You boys are like my own. I’m not going to leave you stuck here with him, and I’m definitely not gonna leave you out on the streets. I been plannin' on taking you boys for a while—with your consent, of course. Even got some lawyers involved. That’s the real reason I came for Christmas, to try and talk some sense into your daddy, to try and make him see that unless he started treatin' you boys right, he was gonna lose ya.” A long moment passes during which Sam and Dean stare at Bobby in wonder.
“Yes, Dean,” Cas asks, tears in his eyes because his will is not strong enough to walk away without tears. Before Dean can open his mouth, Emma’s little hand pats against his shoulder, needing him, and Dean tears his eyes away from Cas to look at Emma.
However, only the bad comes for the Winchesters, so when the engine cranks, he hears the sputter of corroded carburetors and opens his eyes to ratty cloth, his shattered home folding over the hood, and emptiness all around him. It’s everywhere, that emptiness.
way to deny it. “Even if I didn’t, I have eyes. I see the way you two look at each other, and so do other people.”
“Did you say why?”
“She left,” Cas says with a shrug. “She was only there for her best friend, and when her friend finished the treatment, Charlie left. I wasn’t strong enough without her.” Dean doesn’t say anything, just stares at Cas’ downcast eyes.
“Gabriel, I-"
“Your honor,” Sam roars, standing and slamming his hands down to the table. Dean’s eyes flick to Cas, and the ache returns to both of them, pulsing and devouring. Judge Mills says nothing for a long moment, dousing the courtroom in silence.
“Fuck you, Dad,” Sam spits, recoiling into Dean’s side.
Cas huffs.
“Shut up. They’ll hear us,” Cas reminds, panting and tugging at Dean’s hair again.
“Ready to get married?” Dean asks, a grin spreading across his face. Cas laughs, a thousand yeses hanging onto his tongue.
, and all at once, he’s seeing warmth and fondness and exasperation and
“Gross! No!" he exclaims, reeling away and closing his eyes to burn the mental image and find his question again. "I see and hear
“Yeah,” he says, glancing down to her. “You can call me Cas.” She offers a small smile, one completely unlike the predatory grin she held in the group meeting.
Gabriel, however, Gabriel is not feeling sentimental in the least. He lets out a low whistle, eyes raking over Sam darkly.
"La la la la la I can't hear you," he sings, hoping she can hear the smile in his voice. She rolls her eyes and retreats into the kitchen. “Did you hear that Stacy slept with Ryan?” Dean asks when he sits back down and hands Lisa her coffee. He does not give a rat’s ass about who Stacy is sleeping with, but he does care who Cas is sleeping with, and he knows that if he doesn't start a new topic now, she'll want to talk about it. Dean does not want to talk about it.
“It’s okay. I knew all along,” he tells her, looking down to his hands. They are sparkly from Mary’s latest piece of artwork. The glitter seems to stick to everything but the paper.
“Damn it, Cas. I’m tired of the secrets!” he explodes, and ten years are raining down between them. Dean doesn’t know why he’s so angry. Why Cas is here is his own business, but for Dean, his being here is
“Okay...I have a mom, a sister, a brother, and a best friend who I’m in love with,” Cas says dryly, but Naomi doesn’t seem to mind. She simply jots down a word or two before looking back up to Cas.
“What are you even talking about? She’s a
They do indeed find a place that’s more private. Granted, it’s Benny’s bedroom, which, thanks to Benny’s recent streak of acting out, has had the lock removed. Dean will thank him later for letting them borrow his room and then bitch at him a little for being a rebellious shit and getting his lock taken away.
“Forever,” she croons excitedly, falling back and relying on Sam to catch her. He does. Of course he does.
“No,” her mother spits, pressing her foot down harder into the floorboard. “He wants to change his sex.” Oh.
“Didn’t you already make out with her?” Dean asks helpfully, and Benny narrows his eyes at him.
When he gets inside, Charlie takes one look at him and excuses herself from the client she’s currently with. Cas braces himself for it, and good thing too, because when she reaches him, her voice is big and concern loud.
important to me, and yes, I know he’s my best friend. He’s been my best friend since I could say my alphabet. I just don’t care if he likes guys!”
The months pass. Cas turns the library into a baby safe haven, complete with his pre-Dean room converted into a nursery with mobiles and a crib and pink walls because
, but the hand he drops to Cas’ crotch
a better mom, one who would accept you regardless of your sexuality.” Cas pushes closer against Dean. “I’d change it if it were up to me. I’d change it in a heartbeat…but it isn’t. All we’ve got is a bedroom when no one’s home. You deserve so much more than that, Cas, but...it’s all I have to offer.”
“What?” Sam asks, “Why?” and Dean sighs.
The door to his room creaks open, and he burrows further beneath his blankets.
Castiel sits back and stares at his words. His hand is cramped and his head is aching, but he still has a few letters to write. He goes next to Anna to apologize for staining her with his and Dean's relationship. Castiel writes a short apology for Gabe, much like the one he wrote for Anna despite the fact that Gabe likely does not know the extent of his and Dean’s relationship. He writes a short apology for Charlie, for enabling her, and one for Meg, for denying her. Then he stares down at the stack of letters in his hand, and he swallows down the feeling that he’s not yet done with his apologies. He dreads his last to write.
“Yeah,” he says, swallowing thickly and turning his eyes back to Jessica. “Yeah, okay.” Then he stands and walks away. Dean watches him the whole time so he doesn’t have to stare at Cas staring at him. When Sam turns back and motions to them, Dean offers a slight wave. He doesn’t know that Cas does the same, making them look even more couple-y than they already do. Jessica smiles and puts a small wave up in response before following Sam over to where they are.
“His wife’s divorcing him, trying for total custody. His trial is today.”
They kiss for a long time, and Dean keeps his eyes open for every shaking second.
“Yes ma’am,” Dean says with a  smile, opening the door for Lisa.
“Whatever, bitch,” Dean says, getting up and pushing Sam on his way out.
“I’m sorry,” he keeps saying, squeezing them tighter and tighter. “I’m so sorry. Please forgive me. I don’t want to lose you boys. I’m sorry.” The two boys let their father cry on them, letting those heavy tears take away the weight of every neglect John ever put them through. After a while, Sam and Dean’s shirts are soaked and they can only partly breathe, so John pulls away with a broken laugh. He rubs his hands down his face, before looking to Lilith who had been happily watching the whole affair.
“I can’t tell,” he says with a shaky laugh. “But isn’t she beautiful?” The man next to Cas laughs and steps away. Cas looks to Jess, a smile of honest to God joy filling his face.
“I can do a lot worse,” she promises, stepping farther into Dean’s room.
Cas looks back down at the card and begins to grin. The smile grows larger and larger until he can’t hold in his happiness, and all he’s left to do is spring to Dean with arms wide open. Dean catches him easily, flowers crushing between them as they hug, Cas giggling like a dumbass.
Castiel hates himself. He hates his body for reacting to her; he hates his penis for thinking the pussy she sinks onto his dick is wet and tight and wonderful. He hates himself for the string of come he shoots into the condom she forced on him after a long while of her bumping and grinding. He lies there when she’s finished, arms stretched wide and sobs racking his body. April lays contentedly by his side, brushing soft fingers against his heaving chest until she decides she wants to speak.
Jess surprises him the night before the birthmother’s due date. She appears on his doorstep, her tiny family in one hand and a bottle of champagne in the other.
“I don’t know, bug…” Emma snuggles closer, her voice small.
“No, in real life, in Frederick’s life. There’s no proof, or even speculation, that the kiss happened. I wrote it in because I couldn’t understand how they could love each other so much and never have a physical guarantee.” Dean breathes deeply, but Cas lets out a dry laugh before Dean can respond. “I didn’t realize that emotional things don’t have to be physical. Maybe what I should have realized is that physical things aren’t always emotional.”  Dean doesn’t know what to say; he finds himself following Cas’ eyes to the water, feeling like Cas is jabbing at him to see him squirm. It's working.
“I’ve heard so much about you,” she says, elbowing Cas softly and grinning.
Cas just shakes his head again and shifts one hands so that it comes to wrap around the nape of Dean’s neck, the other still cupping his cheek. He drags Dean in until their foreheads are pressed together.
“…yes mam.” So they pack their things and head out as the sun sinks below the horizon. “Why did we have to leave like that?” Anna asks once their relative’s house fades away.
“You will
“Whoa, wait. My make-up,” Lydia stops him, leaning away as quickly as he can lean in. He freezes, both of them bent at awkward angles to keep in this silly limbo.
Dean falls asleep staring at the wall, and he awakes to Sam shaking his leg with moonlight wrapping around him. Sam’s eyes are wide, his lips spilling words rapidly, but Dean cannot hear. He pulls his headphones away, and Sam starts again.
, but no such news came. “I’m just…It’s taking a long time to work through…what happened.”
They eventually talked about things from Dean’s end too. Emma had been asleep between them, her hand pressed into Cas’, Dean’s arm wrapped around them both. They were watching Dr. Sexy, and as Dean grinned, Cas watched him more than the show.
,” Lisa repeats, leaning forward and catching Dean’s eyes. “Why not?”
4.	When he returns, his old life will be over.
“That’s what I think too. What about your suicide attempt, Mr. Winchester? What kind of stability do you think a dead father is for the girl?”
With his face tucked into the curve of Cas’ neck, he hadn’t noticed the sun creeping back into their world.
“Jesus, Cassie,” the voice is saying, swimming in and out of Cas’ awareness. “You smell like the bottom of a flask. Did you bathe in vodka or something?” The voice takes on a familiar quality, but he cannot focus enough to determine who. A low drone is filling the air, and instead of focusing on the voice, Cas’ attention is being stolen by the buzz, even as his limbs register tugging and pulling.  He can’t open his eyes yet. He feels like shit twice baked. “Christ, Cas, shut your mouth,” the voice says, and as a hand presses over his lips, the low drone stops. Cas realizes the sound was coming from him. He is so bewildered that his eyes pry open, and the instant that they do, his brain violently protests to such a careless act by sending shrieking pain into and through all of his nerves.
“You don’t get to talk to him like that,” Cas says when he hears the front door shut. His voice is firm, resolute.
he thinks dryly. “Because you really could. If Mom finds out, she would never speak to him again. Not that that’s the worst fate there is, but she could inflict so much worse if she wants.” Dean says nothing. He wants to light another cigarette, but his eighteenth birthday is still months away and he hates asking people to buy them for him. “I’m just saying, please be careful with him, with
“Yeah and Dad was always either too drunk or not drunk enough. I mean, Bobby helped where he could, but he didn’t get his job here until just a few years ago and by then you had already raised me. I don’t know how I’m ever going to be able to repay you.” Sam is gazing at his brother with such pride and adoration that Dean barely manages to speak confidently around the blush.
“That doesn't make what I did, what I
little brother,” Dean reminds, holding his palms up to Sam’s slightly aggressive manner.
“Alright, alright,” the judge says as she takes her place behind the bench. “Go on, sit down,” so everyone sits. She takes a look at her case file and glances at the plaintiff and defendant. “Alright, let’s get this party started.” She pauses, clasps her hands before her and looks around the room. “I’m Judge Mills,” she says, looking at Dean straight in the face, watching him with narrowed eyes. “And I do things a little differently in my courtroom. Now, I understand that you, Mrs. Winchester,” but Lydia interrupts her.
“Dean,” Cas says, voice low in his throat, a growl practically. Charlie watches from her counter, a grin on her face. Cas begins to walk towards Dean, pace agonizingly slow for both of them. As he walks, he runs through a million things to say, a hundred ways to say the same thing, that being,
“I love it. It’s our whole lives in a street sign,” Cas says, wrapping an easy arm around Dean’s neck and stretching up to kiss him. Dean holds him a little closer, parting his lips to let Cas’ roaming tongue slip inside his mouth. When they pull apart, Cas rests his forehead against Dean’s, fingers brushing soft patterns into his cheeks. After a while, Cas pulls away completely and offers Dean the gift bag. Dean digs into it excitedly, and when he gets past the last sheet of tissue paper, he finds a rectangular, wooden frame. He pulls it out gently, and in it is a black and white picture of a woman with a small, bundled baby in her arms. He stares at her for a long moment, taking in the way her waving, blonde hair fades from the black and white color scheme into a light gray. He takes in her eyes, though they are as bright as ever, and he takes in the short sentence printed beneath the faded picture in blocky news type. It reads,
A notable exception to this was a nuisance wreck the day before and a one hundred dollar tip that had Dean stuck late at the shop fixing some lawyer’s smashed front bumper while Poor Emma had no one to read to her. Dean called, told Cas he would be late and asked if he would be okay there with dinner and Emma. Cas had laughed, told him he loved him, told him goodbye.
Fifteen days without Dean, and Cas has Naomi convinced that he truly believes being gay is wrong. Fifteen days without Dean, and Cas has her convinced that he believes God can "fix him", that he has given his life over to Him, effectively conquering step two and three. He is well on his way to completing his "searching and fearless moral inventory of himself," step four. He hates every goddamn minute of it for the doubt it plants in him, but he spends the night unloading it onto Charlie, and Charlie groans right back, telling him about how angry Naomi got in group that day, or about how gray Gilda’s eyes look when it rains.
“I want you, so much, Cas, but I don’t want you to be uncomfortable, ever. I also want your first time to be as perfect as you’ve ever imagined it, so we’ll do whatever you want. Say the word, Cas," Dean promises Cas with a smile, ducking his head to catch Cas’ eye. Cas gives a small smile in return, leaning forward and kissing Dean. “But if it’s just that you’ve never topped," Dean continues when they pull apart a bit. "Don’t worry. I trust you. This way, we can be virgins together.”
“Because we’re
“Beers?” Cas asks, his voice gruff, and Dean smiles.
“Sorry, bastard couldn’t just say he loves me?” Dean asks with a laugh that is trying hard to stay steady and tear free.
“Nothing, sir,” he murmurs and turns away from his father.
“Well, hello, Castiel,” she says, looking up at him with something that isn't quite surprise.
“Yeah, I remember that, you asshole,” Cas replies, teasing as he gently smacks Dean’s chest. “Remember the day I pulled glass out of your feet because you beat the shit out of Balthazar and broke your china cabinet?”
“Holy
“Why was Clarence scared?”
If you're curious about the side fic from Sam's point of view, what I would tell you is that I have about 500 words written of it....so it's gonna be a while.... I have no idea when.... I know I suck, I'm sorry.
“Yeah, you’ve been doing a lot of that.” Dean is angry. His mouth is sticky, his pride is hurt, and he feels like Lisa is accusing
"Cas...you didn't," Anna says, and Cas closes his eyes. "Dean would be
He’ll stare at the wall for hours, blinking at nothing and saved only by a sharp knock on the door. The knocker draws him into the reality he’s been dozing in and out of since yesterday. He doesn’t look up, but Charlie comes in anyway.
“Well, it’s complicated,” he tells her, squeezing Dean’s fingers softly. The smile on Dean’s face falls a bit, guilt shadowing his eyes. They are both sorry for the decade past, for what it has cost them.
“Dean Winchester, you are jealous,” Cas says, his voice a growl that shoots straight between Dean’s legs.
“Yeah,” Cas agrees, following Dean through the crowds back into the kitchen. Benny is still in there, but now he’s got a dark-skinned, dark-haired girl pressed flush against the wall with wildly searching hands.
I have to make it right.” Sam’s eyes narrow, but he isn’t retreating.
“Thanks, Sammy,” Dean mutters, but the door is soon shut between and a million miles separate them. Dean is all alone.
“Have you gotten help since then?” Sam asks, and Dean nods.
“Bullshit,” Sam spits, and Cas curls closer to his pillows. “You’re the only person he’s ever loved.”
“That’s not quite what I remember happening,” Sam says calmly, and Gabe snorts.
keys up off the counter.
“It’s enough,” Cas whispers, and in that moment, it really feels as though it might be.
“Wake up, you little snot!” Dean calls, still giggling wildly.
“You like it?” he asks uncertainly, ever one to be unsure of himself.
“Whoa, boy,” Bobby interrupts, putting a hand on Dean’s rapidly heaving shoulder. “What do you mean, what are you going to do? You boys are gonna stay with me. I just didn’t want your daddy knowing where you were in case he decides he wants to bring you back with force.”
“I’m glad you’ve finally started standing up for yourself,” John says finally, but Dean’s breath only heaves further. “I just hate that it’s when I’m actually sorry.” John leaves the room, and Dean falls on his bed, breathing in the scent of a million early mornings, a million sleepless nights. Cas is under that smell too.
“Sorry, babe,” Dean says, reaching behind Cas’ ass to pull the remote away. Cas giggles, reaching around to swipe his thumb against Dean’s lip, clearing Cas’ spit off it. Cas stares up at Dean, marveling at how lucky he is to be back here with Him. Just as Dean is about to move in to kiss him again, the show playing catches Cas’ attention.
“What was Daddy’s favorite movie?”
“Charlie,” he starts, but she cuts him off.
“It was all about saving one man in the end, right,
“Hi,” she says, smiling at Castiel.
“Could you, uh, excuse me?” Cas asks, not waiting for Dean’s response before he’s stepping away and sprinting to the bathroom. When he gets there, he locks the door behind him and whips his phone out. “
“We need to break up,” she says flatly, staring up at Dean with her hip jutted out and contempt in her eyes.
“Of course he did, you asshole!” she shouts between slaps. “He’s my cousin! Did you expect him not to? What the fuck is the matter with you?” Dean catches her wrists, but once again she jerks away. “You’re fucking Cas,” she spits venomously.
“Ouch. That hurt, Lis. And anyway, Bobby is like family. I know how boring he gets.”  John's best friend Bobby has been there for them through all he could, buying them school clothes, attending anything and everything, baking birthday cakes. He is the father figure they spent their lives trying to sober out of their actual dad. Bobby is a blessing, but calculus is boring as fuck, and there's not much anyone can do about it.
The wedding goes exactly according to plan, aside from the giving away of the grooms. When the justice asks who gives Dean away, when Bobby was
“Not like he’d notice anyway,” Sam mumbles before glancing back to Jessica. “Could Jess come over for a little bit?” Dean shrugs nonchalantly, mentally cheering because his brother
successful. When he imagined it, he was finally the hero Cas deserved.
“I’ll keep insisting until you believe it,” he murmurs against Dean’s mouth.
“How have you been?” Sam asks, and Dean grins.
“Jesus Christ,” Cas groans when Dean licks a stripe along the underside of his dick and stops to suck at the head. Dean hums in agreement, drawing another groan out of Cas. They discovered Dean’s little affinity for sucking cock a few days ago, and since then, that’s all Dean has wanted to do. Every time he and Cas are alone, he is on his knees. Every time he is alone, he is fantasizing about being on his knees with Cas. Dean thinks he might have a problem, but it’s just so fucking hot. Seeing Cas come apart with his cock down Dean's throat...it’s the biggest gratification Dean’s ever gotten. Dean likes knowing he’s making who he’s with happy, especially when it's Cas and he enjoys what he’s doing so much.
“No, Dean, don’t do that. Please don’t.” Cas closed his eyes to it, closed his eyes to hurting Dean again. Dean’s lips pressed against his, soft and earnest and Cas had choked on the tears. He kept his eyes closed even after Dean pulled away, closed them tighter.
“You two need to stop meeting like this,” Sam grunts before going back into his room and shutting the door. Dean does not hear him, all he hears is his heart slamming, his fist slamming, the world slamming.
“Well,” he says, “That was the end. Clarence left and Dan lived happily ever after with his wife and child." Emma opens her eyes unhappily at him.
but at the car seat in the back, and makes his way to the garage. Not many cars come in, so he has lots of time to think about just what it means to be completely alone in the world.
He doesn’t know where he’s going. He’s too proud to go to Bobby’s, Ellen’s is closed, Benny’s asleep, and the exits keep passing beneath his wheels. He takes none of them, heading west, running from the slowly rising sun as though he can escape the truth the morning will bring. Somewhere between the fifth of whiskey he found in the console and Colorado, Dean loses it. He loses his whole goddamn mind.
” Castiel groans, running a hand through his own hair.
“That was…” he starts, but there are no words left.
“I don’t know. You’re always together. I just thought you might know,” Sam says, reaching into his backpack and pulling out an apple.
“It sounds like rambling to me.”
“You’re supposed to give her what you can, not offer her what you can’t.”
“Is that what he told you?”
“Yes, asexual. It means, in a very broad definition, that I don’t like sex, that I’m not interested in it.”
It helps him forget that Dean is married, that they cannot stay in this limbo forever. It's a reality that crashes into Cas nearly two months after beginning the whole "affair" endeavor.
“She doesn’t want to talk to you, Dean,” she spits, and Dean always flinches, always presses back the sting of his daughter’s rejection. The days away from her rip him apart from the inside. Sam makes an active effort to see him, either to work on the case or to gauge his emotional stability. Dean makes an active effort to avoid these visits. Dean doesn't want to work on the case; he was already the best dad he knew how to be. If they take his girl away, there was nothing else he could have done. Not only that, but Sam
“Sure,” Dean says with a smile, and if Cas didn’t know better, he’d say Dean almost looked excited. They ride in Dean’s car, a low-riding, throaty growl of a vehicle that Dean affectionately calls ‘Baby.’ Cas admires the initials carved into the leather, the army men jammed into the ashtray, and he runs his fingers over them both absently. “Sam did that when he was little,” Dean says when he sees Cas’ hands. Cas looks up, and the look on Dean’s face is a mixture of softness and longing. “The nerd always did get restless on long car rides.”
“I’m not pouting,” he says...well, he pouts. Sam rolls his eyes.
“What kind of a question is that? Of course I’m coming. Adam’s going to stay here with Sam, so come on.” Cas stares at her a moment longer, his eyes burning with tears.
he reminds himself, but he doesn’t have the heart to pull away from her.
“Please tell me its not a silicone mold of his penis,” Sam says with a groan, and if Dean’s face weren't busy instantly heating, his eyes busy flicking nervously to Bobby’s back, he'd be glad that Sam is feeling happy enough to be a bitch.
No one gets very much sleep the night before the trial, especially, not in the Milton/Winchester apartment. Gabriel spends his night drinking and drowning his sorrows—though
“What the hell's it to you? If he likes boys shouldn’t mean nothing to you!” Bobby jerks John a final time, this time tossing him away from his sons. Bobby glares at him for a long moment before kneeling down to pick Sam up.
“Please. He’s president of the GSA. He is the gay of the gay-straight alliance. It doesn’t matter that he’s gay. Everyone already suspects it.”
“Would you like to watch a movie?” Cas asks with a smile, and Dean’s laugh fades to a satisfied smile.
“Which one is yours?” a man asks, and Cas looks over to him with watery eyes.
“Well, Charlie, have you acknowledged that homosexuality is a sin?” Naomi sits higher in her chair, hands folded over her knees. She looks as though she is awaiting an epic battle.
” he chokes, incredulous and hot faced.
“Please, Cas.”
“I thought I was,” Cas says at last, his own heart beating loudly. “I had a nice job, a nice house, a nice life…It was pretty perfect…but I was all alone. There was no one, for ten years. I mean, there were one-night stands and even a girl I thought I was on the road to marrying, but I was kidding myself…” Cas pauses and brings his eyes up to Dean’s. “You’re it for me,” he replies softly, and the warmth rushing through Dean’s veins begins to boil.
“I guess so,” Dean says, but no one moves. They stay sitting at that kitchen table, the table that held the only real family meals Dean has ever seen, staring at nothing, each trapped in their own personal bubble of sadness. There was no trigger to end it. No phone call to snap them awake, no fire to scare them to life. Sam merely stands and heads for his room, and Dean follows just as quietly. They return down the stairs a few moments later, packed with what little they had brought and what lot Bobby had bought them, ready to leave their great adventure for the home front. Bobby is still at that table, but he has switched his beer for whiskey.
“Dean?” he asks, tears springing to his eyes. The man turns around, a soft grin set into his face immediately. Green eyes, locked on Cas, sparkle with joy.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, a grin on his lips as he steps up to Dean’s station.
pervy subway again,” and that
“She sent those stupid letters and his wife took their daughter and now he won’t even see me! Was it worth it, Mom?” he spits, the tears falling faster.
“Fine,” she murmurs, and Cas smiles.
Dean swallows. Thumbs across the red rash of Cas’ mouth.
“Well, it sort of was her. She’s terrible, Cas. I hate her.” He was trying for humor, but there’s too much truth in it to ring playful. Dean drops his hand and stands, turning his back to Cas and facing the stream below them. When Cas speaks, his voice is angry again.
color. He painted her room the next day. At thirteen, Cas calls Jess, and she flies in to be the mother Cas never knew she needed. Some aspects of raising a daughter just can’t be taught by a man. Cas is flecked with gray by the time Mary turns sixteen, spinning around in her prom dress, waiting for her date to pick her up. That night, he muses to wonder what Dean would think of the floppy-haired boy that picked their daughter up. By the time she is eighteen, dressed up in her robes and ropes, she is sporting the strawberry blonde hair he always felt sure she would have. She throws her hat into the air with a joyous leap, and Cas’ tears slide down with the hats falling back to earth. At nineteen, she kisses the last of her dads goodbye, her car packed and aimed for Stanford. He still isn’t sure how she convinced him to let her move all the way to the other side of the country. It probably went something like this.
“Promise?” she asks, eyes narrowed in suspicion. Sam laughs.
“Oh, speaking of which,” Lisa says, raising her voice a little and turning to Cas. “I don’t appreciate you stealing my boyfriend,” she says, and Dean’s eyes snap to Cas, feeling sure the horrified look he sees there is reflected in his own face. Even Sam and Jess are looking over now, knowing and sadistic smiles growing on their faces.
“Really?” Cas asks, after what seems like an eternity. He looks up to Dean with hopeful eyes, and Dean grins.
“Brownies,” Cas corrects gently, heart fading at the fact that the beautiful man will be turning away soon, heart sinking back to stone each time he remembers his first frantic and embarrassing departure away from him. The man before him cocks his head and lets out an ethereal grin.
bed, curled up around each other, and slept. After that, Emma became as much Cas’ daughter as she was Dean’s. He was fiercely protective of her, endlessly compassionate, kissing her scraped knees and playing lava floor with her. He would even read to her sometimes, though that was normally Dean’s jurisdiction.
Dean is cold when he opens his eyes.
“You even give that boy a bill or was he paying for it with the pleasure of his company?” Dean snaps his head up, looks at his boss with wide eyes, and scrunches his nose.
summer mowing yards does
“Tell them I shit in my pants,” Dean offers with a snort, his fingers still locked in Cas’ hair as he turns to kiss him.
“I don’t know what that has to do with me,” Cas bites slowly, bracing his hands against the counter and squeezing his eyes shut. “I’ve taken enough from him.”
“Goddamn it, Cas! Why are you here?!”
His heart screams, and Cas is torn, ripped apart from his very core. Everything the clinic said to him, made him into, is falling away, and Castiel can’t breathe. All he can see, all that he
He’s not worried. It’s high school. What are they gonna do? Kick him out? Dean scoffs. Even so, his steps take longer than they should to dominate that seemingly endless hallway, and when he does, he wishes he had not left the class. He wishes he had not gotten out of bed.
He can’t close his eyes. Cas’ eyes are exactly right, the rash of stubble, the pink of his lips.
“Dean,” Cas grunts, stepping forward with his hands on Dean’s ass and rutting against the cloth over Dean’s cock. Dean groans back, mouth on Cas’ neck as they rut. “Dean I need you so fucking much,” he says, and Dean nods, mouth leaving sloppy and wet trails down Cas’ neck. "I'm so sorry, Dean. Let me make it up to you. Let me show you how much I love you." Cas drops Dean’s boxers to the floor and picks up his jeans to find a condom and the lube packets he’s started carrying around. When he finds them, he tosses his jeans again, and tugs his fingers through Dean’s hair, demanding that he stay exactly where Cas puts him, and when he doesn’t, he gets a nip on the shoulder, tearing a groan from between Dean’s lips.
“Sex is a great stress reliever,” she says, leaning forward and catching her lips between Dean’s. Even that feels wrong.
“There’s a stain on the shirt,” Cas says with a shrug, and Dean laughs.
“Do you even have to ask?” Dean asks with a smile, one that Cas does not immediately return.
little brother too, once upon a time.
Dean?” Cas asks, leaning away from Dean with wide and startled eyes.
“I love him,” Cas chokes out around the lump in his throat. He is seeing his best friend. He is seeing the love of his life. He is seeing everything Dean has ever been, everything he ever will be. “I love him.” Cas chews his lips to keep the sobs from taking him over. He knows his has no right to cry, not here, not in front of Sam.
“It’s not home without him,” Cas murmurs. Charlie watches him with a sympathetic frown.
“Then sit down. What’s unethical is the fact that I am about
“Do you think Cas is okay?” She asks, bring him slowly back to reality.
The rest of the wedding passes without a hitch, and before Dean knows it, he is holding Cas close, their foreheads pressed together as they sway to the beat of their first dance. Cas is smiling, eyes closed as he listens to the words.
“Yeah, sorry, I was with Cas,” he murmurs, feeling the ghost of Cas’ strong hands on him instead of her dainty fingers currently brushing over his cheeks.
Dean pulls away from Cas just long enough to reach down and free himself from the unbearable pressure of his jeans. Cas takes advantage of the moment to climb in Dean’s lap, his knees strattling him and his hands running through his hair.
“He does need me,” Dean argues, because he
Baby Sammy makes a mess. Big boy Dean makes a mess. Mary laughs at their sticky hands and their sugary kisses and takes them home to warm baths and clean beds. The second day of school begins much as the first. The mid-August air kisses Dean’s sleepy cheeks and his half-closed eyes. Mary carries him through the door again and drops him at his seat with a soft kiss to his forehead.
and he flinches.
They barely get the door shut before Dean is slipping his shirt over his head and reeling Cas to him, lips parted and seeking. It doesn’t take long for Dean to get Cas’ shirt matching his, that being elsewhere; however, he does take a moment to strip Cas of his shoes, open the door, and slip a sock over the handle, because
“Yeah, Sammy?”
“Well my uncle taught the class, so he called Sam an ‘idjit’ and gave him a B-minus.” Dean laughs again, and they are back at Cas’ house. Dean steps out and once again opens the door for Cas, and this time, Cas merely pushes down a blush and thanks Dean. When Cas gets the front door unlocked, they step inside, Dean’s hand resting gently on the small of Cas’ back like he doesn’t realize he’s doing it. Cas decides that he doesn’t really mind.
lets himself touch.
always very protective of you,” she admits softly, squeezing Cas’ fingers. “Was he good to you?” Cas nods, the ache growing wider as he talks more about Him, as he grows to resent his mother less.
. He needs Cas to choose this.
“Stop fucking around and fuck me already,” Dean moans, so Cas slips another finger in, now prepping him hard and fast before adding another finger, opening him up for Cas’ cock. Dean’s dick rubs against Cas’ every time he pushes back against Cas’ hand, driving them both half crazy. Cas’ fingers in his ass are nice, but Dean needs more, and he needs it now. “I’m good,” he insists, moving away from Cas’ hand. Cas huffs out a laugh, one that Dean promptly steals with his lips. Dean feels Cas’ fingers slip from him, but he keeps swirling his tongue against Cas’, keeps running his hands over his torso as he feels Cas spread lube around his hole. He only stops when he hears the crinkle of a condom wrapper.
He’s not even ashamed.
It was worth it.
is that if Mr. Winchester here is more than an
my little brother!
“Doesn’t matter,” Dean mutters, letting out a breath before turning back to Cas, his carefree smile back in place. “No one really wants to know what their sex toy likes and dislikes, now do they?” Cas stares at him a moment before speaking.
“Very much so,” Castiel says, and really, it was. He enjoyed her velvet skin and supple breasts. He enjoyed himself, and he feels good that he was able to. He didn’t want to be broken. He sees the shadow of Dean's hurt eyes in his mind. “Um…what I did…that was, uh, correct?” April laughs next to him.
“Castiel,” he says, dropping Garth’s hand. “Is something wrong?”
horny as hell. To be fair, Cas sucked him off right back, moaning and groaning around Dean’s cock.
“He was my best friend,” Dean says with an incredulous shrug.
“Are you and Daddy going to get married?” she asked, and Cas held her close. Dean, swaying softly in the kitchen as he washed dinner’s dishes, paused and glanced at them.
But judging by the way Cas turns his resigned look towards Dean, it doesn’t really work. He tries to remind himself that everything is different, and he’d known everything would
“Um,” Cas says, looking to Dean for guidance, but he is too shocked to respond. “Yeah. Okay,” Cas stammers finally, turning away from Dean to look at Meg.
“Yes, but look at it. If you just rearrange the letters a little,” Dean says, pointing to the chipping letters. “S-C-E-A-D-A-N becomes C-A-S-D-E-A-N.”
“Can you
“Did he not want me either?” she asks, tear filling her eyes.
“You never mention her,” Sam murmurs, dropping his eyes to his fumbling hands in his lap.
“Uh, sure,” he says finally, and she smiles, brittle lips cracking open again, spilling her blood slowly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I never knew how much he meant to you,” she says finally, voice shaking. She stands unsteadily, leaning on the chair to keep from falling over. Tears spring to Cas’ eyes, and again he tries to fan the flames of his anger, anything to keep from breaking down.
. He wants that gummy grin, the one that lights up the whole damn room. He wants barely showing eyes and lines even though he’s only seventeen.
“Break a leg, Daddy,” she says, to which Dean gives her a kiss and grins. Sam smiles at him on his way out, allowing him to feel for a moment how far he’s come to make it here.
“Uh,” a new voice sounds, pulling them apart with the utterance.
And more, he’s had to work damn hard for the balls to even
“Dirty needle, dirty sex, dirty blood, who knows. She’s probably been infected for years with no idea.” Cas says nothing, just stares at the road ahead. He’s still got miles and miles to go before he gets to her, and the anger is still hot and present, fighting like hell for the forefront of his attention. He knows that if he thinks about how much he still loves her, the anger will lose, and he will not make it back home.
Cas thinks.
. When I heard you had
“Sammy,” Dean croons, reaching out and pulling his baby brother to his chest. Sam cries there like he hasn’t in years, arms clinging to Dean and snot soiling his shirt. “It’s okay,” Dean assures, but it only makes Sam cry harder.
“It's fine; I want to go. I need a new book too,” she says and pulls a pair of sun glasses out of her bag and puts them on.
“Dean,” he says, though he knows Dean cannot hear him. He huffs and jerks the cord from Dean’s iPod, to which Dean immediately pushes himself up on his elbows and looks around.
“Yeah. Sorry. You left it at my register. I just thought I’d, you know, return it to you so you can make…” His voice trails off, waiting for Cas to finish the prompt.
“We’re going back to your place?” Cas asks with a smirk, his heart slamming in his chest. He cannot believe this is happening. He feels like they’re starting all over, like he’s going to have to convince himself once again that what’s going on between them is real, that he’s not just some passing trend for Dean.
thought Dean was still unconscious—that he finds himself tumbling out of Cas’ arms and onto the not-ground.
“Please,
“Then why did he go?” she asks, tear still sliding from her eyes. Cas doesn’t know.
“I don’t know what that means,” Cas says after a moment of panic. “Does that mean I won’t be able to adopt?” He asks frantically, his mind already jumping to the worst case scenario. Ever since Dean, Cas has developed a habit of expecting the worst.
“He definitely does
Just looking at it and thinking about giving it to Dean makes Cas’ heart skip two, three times in his chest. He takes a pen from his pocket and scrawls next to the hamster inside:
At least…that had been his attitude somewhere close to eighteen hours ago, when he slit open his hand to finish the ritual that opened the door, when he tightened the straps of his backpack, loaded down with salt and iron and weapons galore, and stepped through.
“Take care, Sammy,” Dean whispers, and walking away from that sleeping boy, the one he raised from diapers, the one he’s loved for his whole life,
Dean thinks, anything to pretend the cold on him now is just from the snow trapped in his hair. “How long have you been home, man?” Dean asks in hopes of making small talk. Cas blinks owlishly at Dean before opening those lips and speaking.
you, and she seduced me, and I fucked her. I’m so sorry, Cas. I never meant to. Please. Please, forgive me. I’m so fucking sorry, I—” but Cas cuts him off.
God, Cas misses kissing Dean. He misses the laughing teases before class, the heavy tongues during sex, the sleepy brushes of midday, the hot, the cold, the angry, the gentle. He misses Dean's incessant, scratchy-ass stubble. Cas sighs as he falls into bed, the ghost of those kisses teasing his skin, and when he sleeps, he dreams in memories.
“I’m so sorry Dean,” Cas whimpers, his heart breaking in his chest. It’s been years since he was really forced to relive the horrors of that night, the guilt and the pain he felt from hurting Dean; it’s been years, and he deserves every goddamn second of this.
“Wouldn’t miss it for the world,” she assures him, reaching up and straightening the flower on his lapel. “Jo brought her new boyfriend, so make sure to give him hell, okay?” and Dean laughs again.
He takes a shower, takes his dog for a walk, and takes the long way to work, all the while trying to shake the ghost of Dean Winchester.
moving. Oh, I was devastated.” Dean looks back to Cas because even though it’s weird between them right now, he still wants to watch his best friend receive the recognition he deserves. Cas doesn’t look as though he’s enjoying it like he should be.
care, Dean! That’s the whole point! I’m tired of going to school and not being able to stay awake in class because of the nightmares! I’m tired of the bruises and of the questions and of people asking why I never have friends over! Do you know why I don’t? Because I’m scared that one day Dad will come barreling back in here and snatch us away and the nightmares will become reality again! I’m tired of people asking why I never go to sleep overs, and do you know why I don’t? Because I can’t sleep through the night without waking up seeing you and everyone I
that made sense, even if there was no logic to back it up.
Dean is not on a lake. He is in bed, his back stuck to the sheets with sweat and the great stretch of bed between him and the person sleeping next to him. That’s not uncommon. She doesn’t like to be touched while she sleeps. While she’s awake either, for that matter, but they are married, and the married share a bed.
“Well, you were only gone a few weeks—” it
The day begins as any other.
much he wants to, no matter how much restraint it takes to keep from jumping Dean's bones right then and there in the middle of the grocery store. Dean’s big grin slips a bit.
“I’m sorry,” he sniffs. “I didn’t mean to. It was an accident. Please don’t be mad. I can clean it up,” Dean says after a moment, his tiny voice shaking. He wipes at his eyes.
be okay without Cas. But now they’re separated again, and it hurts worse than Dean could have ever imagined. Still, it doesn't hurt as much as losing Emma. Cas' call goes to voicemail.
“I can’t pay for this, you know. You’re a
“Didn’ an’one tell you iss creepy watchin’ people sleep?” he slurs, his eyes closed as the grin spreads. Cas tucks himself beneath Dean’s chin and tries to go back to sleep. It’s then that Cas realizes something is wrong. He hurts, not a physical hurt, not something he can go to a doctor to fix. It’s an aching hurt coming from deep within his chest, an itch he cannot scratch. His world is blurry at its edges.
“Happy birthday, Dean,” a voice says from behind, a hand dragging across his shoulder and up to his hair. Dean, upon the touch, tries to pretend that the voice isn’t female, and the hand is Cas’.
“Not you guys. Dad.”
“Don’t look at me,” he says defensively, cheeks dark and red. “He’s the one who pissed in
“Cas,” Jess starts, audibly throwing the blankets away from her and leaving the warmth of her safe bed.
“I couldn’t think of a thing,” he says easily, as though there were anything easy about this. Dean feels a laugh shake through Lisa.
“Do you like your job, Dean?” Cas asks after a moment, staring at Dean through the darkness of their homemade movie theater.
Cas gets his dance with Emma as Dean spins Ellen around on the dance floor; then Jo is pulling at Dean and Charlie is pulling at Cas and again they are separated. Eventually though, they land back together, just like they always do.
Eventually, Cas pulls back and strips Dean slowly, reverently. Runs his hands across every slope and valley that he had rebuilt and reclaimed.
“Maybe some from the pier,” so they head for the pier, Cas’ camera hanging heavy around his neck and Dean’s whistle to some 80’s rock song spilling into the air around him. The little lake is bathed in the light of midday, glowing yellow and orange and reflecting the falling trees into its crystalline depths. Dean plops down on the edge of the pier, his feet inches from submerging in the cool water, and the light bathing the lake steals over Dean too, setting his shirt, his hair, his skin into a blaze of gold. Cas raises his camera.
“To the moon and stars and back a million times,” he confirms, and he does. He’d give everything for his daughter.
When he awakes the next morning, two hours before his alarm, he showers and heads to the Dean’s favorite café. He gets a coffee for Dean and a coffee for himself before leaving and heading to Dean’s. He knows that now that Dean has cooled down, he needs Cas there for him. He needs to be reminded that what they have is
“Daddy,” Emma asks later as he tucks her in to bed. Dean has been so spaced out since He left that he barely noticed Lydia leaving to get their daughter.
“Sorry, buddy,” she says, wiping down the bar with a steady hand. “We’re closed ‘til ten,” but when she offers him her full attention, she pauses, a grin stretching across her face. “Hey, it’s Juliet!” she exclaims, straightening up and waving at him.
“No, Daddy! It’s itchy and mean, and I hate it!” Emma stomps her foot, pokes out her pouty lips.
, Daddy!” his daughter giggles, and he can practically see her, holding her mother’s phone in both hands so she won’t drop it, face flushed from playing outside, eyes sparkling. His heart twists painfully in his chest, and the tears rimming his eyes betray him, fall steadily without permission.
“Okay,” Naomi says patronizingly. “
“Do you mind if she cuts in?” he asks, and Cas releases his hand and steps away.
“Do you always listen to the judgement of a five-year-old?” he asked, and Dean grinned widely.
Dean leaves Cas' apartment eventually, what with a daughter and a wife to get back to, but he returns the next day, and the day after that, he and Cas spend the day in Dean’s kitchen. Emma is at daycare, and Dean's boss has closed the garage down for some reason or another. They are alone, and rather than spending that time fucking the other to pieces—as awesome as
“Do you and your mother get along?”
“What?" Dean says, allowing Sam to pull in a big breath before he's speaking again, louder this time and more frantic.
“I love you too, you dork,” he says, grinning fondly.
they sit in silence. Dean cannot think of a single solitary thing he wants to say to the person he never tires of talking to.
“It’s not something I wanted you to know,” Cas replies after a moment. “It doesn't change what I did, doesn't validate it or justify it. It only gives you a reason to pity me, and I am not one to be pitied.”
to pull yourself out of this.”
“Yeah,” Gabe says, and Cas frowns. “It didn’t hit her until June. She thought it was just a cold. It probably was, at first.”
“And you’ll be my best friend for forever?”
“Sure,” she says, and something about her sentence strikes him.
“Do you want me to leave you two alone? Cause I can leave,” Cas pushes himself off and mocks the start of walking away.
, but the door swings open when he pulls on it. The waitress from that very day barely glances at him when the bell above the door alerts her to his presence.
The dream haunts him sometimes.
“Come on, Cas. Live a little,” Dean says, leaning forward to clap his best friend on the shoulder. The smaller boy huffs, his breath leaving steam clouds with every exhale. Dean tightens his scarf, straightens his toboggan, and pulls Cas down into the snow.
“Is there anything you want?” Dean asks, looking down but finding himself only able to see Cas’ dark head of hair.
“Hannah,” he says, breathless at the sight of her. The last time he saw her, she was sprawled out in the floor, blood covering her clothes and body. She grins at him, eyes alight with wonder and life.
“Wha-what are you doing here?” Dean asks, his voice shaky, on the edge of panic.
“No it’s not! How could it be alright? She would
“I’m real sorry, Cas, but,” he pauses to cough, and Cas has to admit that he sounds like shit on toast. “There’s just no way.”
“I love you,” he says, eyes watery, and he’s
, did he?” she asks, taking on the look of undying concern and fierce protectiveness that only a mother can perfect.
“Holy shit,” Dean laughs, wrapping his arms around Cas and kissing his hair.
And really, what can Dean say to that?
“I’m sorry to hear that. He seemed like a real good man,” Garth says, his fingers picking absently at his cuticles. Cas nods.
He wakes up in a similar position to last time, Cas dragging him across the ground, now with significantly more effort and a mess of blood down the front of him.
“I know that, Cas,” Dean says, reaching a hand up to Cas’ face, brushing softly over his cheeks.
“Don’t twist my words around on me like that, Castiel. You know I fucking hate when you do that!”
“It doesn’t change anything,” he says finally, softly.
“Dunno. You look weird, like you have an itch somewhere you can’t scratch.” Sam looks to his own zipper meaningfully, and Dean turns ten shades of red.
“Dean, please,” Cas says, looking at Dean, ignoring the people looking their way.
“Gross!” Sam shouts, reeling away from Dean with his face screwed up in disgust. Dean laughs a little.
“It’s okay. It’s your birthday. I’ll clean it up. You go take a shower.” Bobby smiles reassuringly at Dean and stoops to start picking up the breakfast. “Go on,” he says when Dean stands there a minute longer, debating whether he should help. Even so, he steps guiltily around the mess and heads for the shower. His wash is quick, perfunctory even, and when he is done, he dresses in the same mechanical manner. Sam is waiting at the kitchen table when Dean comes down the stairs, a candle-topped slice of pie awaiting him at the table.
“Sammy?” He asks blearily, automatically, still not having spotted Cas standing by his window.
"Well, um, could I speak to him?" Dean asks, and she moves aside with an irritated sigh. Dean steps around her and heads straight for Cas’ room. Cas is laying half-naked in bed, the blankets pulled up to his waist and his eyes glued on the TV.
The rest of dinner is damn near excruciating. Cas no longer has his foot against Dean’s crotch; instead, it is nudging Dean’s sweetly. It makes Dean want to hold Cas’ hand or kiss his forehead or smooth his hair down or some other stupid coupley shit like that, which is dangerous because he’s very likely to do all of those things without ever thinking. Even so, they make it through, and Dean decides that, oh, well since Bobby is here to keep the drunk and the child entertained, he'll just go to Cas’ house. Thus, they make their escape, trying not to run but being too eager to walk.
Worse.
do this right now?" Dean bites. "Little ears are always listening.” Dean looks over to his daughter, her face rapt in Saturday morning cartoons. “I’m going to go to the store. Need anything?”
?” Bobby asks, snapping his head around to Dean. Dean sees the anger flare in Bobby’s eyes, and he prepares for another beating, curling in on himself out of reflex. Years of abuse has taught him that often, being smaller being the only way out. Small is less threatening. Small is less punchable. He closes his eyes against Bobby’s flying fist because if anyone could love him despite of his sexuality, he hoped that Bobby would. He doesn’t want to see the façade he put on his and Bobby’s relationship shatter, so he closes his eyes. The hit never comes. Instead, the volume gets louder, and Dean opens his eyes to see Bobby jerking John harder. “So you
happy,” he screeches, his voice breaking. His mother is dying.
“Krissy, will you excuse us?” Naomi asks the girl, her eyes still on Cas. The girl, Krissy, stands, tears still running down her face, and leaves.
“Cartoons are hilarious,” Cas says defensively as he sits up, the covers pooling around his hips. Dean finds his eyes drawn there.
.” Dean huffs in exasperation, then freezes as he sees the hurt flit across his brother’s face.
“She’s something else,” Sam says, reading the soft and gooey look on Dean’s face.
“Cas,” she wheezes as he approaches and slams his items down on her
Sam thinks, watching the hurt rip through Cas.
“It can be whatever you want it to be,” Cas says softly, and Dean smiles.
“Really, Dean. I want us to be able to be together like a real couple. I want to be able to hold your hand in public. I want to be able to kiss your cheek in front of my mom. I want to be able to tell my brother how much you mean to me.”
“Where’s your line?” Dean is looking at Cas curiously, his eyes wide and green and shining in the light of the TV neither of them are watching.
“He called this morning.” Dean leaves out that he didn’t answer.
“Are you sure, Dean?” Lilith asks, her smile slipping away to fake concern. “Sam is getting pretty grown. Big brother constantly trying to swoop in and save the day probably gets a little tiring for him, don’t you think?” Dean closes his eyes against her. “He doesn’t need you, Dean. He’s better off without you.”
was gone because of you!”
“Yep,” he replies after she slides his cup back full again, this time, more alcohol, less coffee. “His brother coerced me into going. Dean probably won’t want me there, but ya know…Might as well see the fire I lit burn Dean to ashes.” He takes a big swallow of his coffee. The ache burns bright in his chest.
“Cas,” he manages, just before a figure springs to life from the darkness.
CURTAINS FALL WITH A SWOOSH. Okay, so... What are you guys thinking? Love me? Hate me? Secretly planning to murder me? Not so secretly planning to murder me? Any of the above, I would not blame you for. (Except maybe loving me, cause like, did you read that chapter? I am a terrible human being.)
He calls Dean again.
pants,” Cas offers with a wink, leaning forward to kiss Dean again before slipping out of the door.
“Her birthday was this month…and I forgot,” Sam whispers, unable to hold his brothers eyes for the shame in him. “I forgot Mom’s birthday,” he gets out, and the tears tear their way through him, racking his lanky body with sobs.
“Emma didn't come in today,” the woman had said, and when Sam had told Dean he’d been on his phone for an hour calling Lydia and Lydia’s office and Lydia’s favorite coffee shop and anywhere else he thought he might find her. When he finally managed to get her on the phone, he’d almost cried with relief.
Cas hears himself saying this, a million moments ago, and he nods at the girl.
“You’re a dork,” Sam laughs, ducking his head as Dean ruffles his hair. “I mean, you’d do the same for me.”
Dean gets to keep her.
As they ride off their high, they remain pressed close, skin sticking to the other with sweat and come. Cas finally unwinds his fingers from Dean’s, letting their now limp dicks fall to Cas’ stomach, drawing a whimper out of them both. They just lie there and breathe for a while, then Cas laughs a bit.
For the rest of the weekend, Dean sees nothing more of Cas than passing glimpses through his window as Meg whisks Cas away to some bar or some party or some something that he would not be doing if it weren't for the bitch. Then school comes, and Meg insists that Cas sit with her and her band of she-demon friends. Granted, he looks longingly back at Dean through out the lunch period, but Dean works hard to ignore it. One of Meg's bitches—Dean thinks her name is Ruby—keeps screwing with Sam right there in front of Jess, and it is plenty to keep Dean's mind off Cas. Dean puts his head in his arms to keep from killing her.
“Dean Winchester,” he slurs, and Dean’s spine goes rigid. His dad can be very scary without his mom to calm him down. “Just what the hell do you think you’re doing?”
“I’d like to be your best friend for forever,” Cas says, his eyebrows still knit together. Dean lets out a small laugh.
“Can you check?” she whispers, and what is Dean to do but say,
Castiel looks around his room. It’s a nice enough room, he supposes. He’s definitely glad to have his queen-sized bed back, despite all the ungodliness that happened in it. Perhaps he should buy new sheets... Anyway, Castiel has always enjoyed having his own room, his own privacy. It leaves him free to decorate however he wanted. When he was six, it was bumble bees. When he was ten, it was Superman. When he was fifteen, it was simple, dark colors on the bed, light colors on the wall, maps and papers and everything else tacked to the paint and scattered over his desk. It’s stayed that way ever since, gaining a new poster here, a new book there. His most recent addition is a sign he never got the chance to hang…you know the one, and it sends him back.
“I don’t love you, Dean.”
and on the inside
“Dean, Benny is sick,” Cas says, distress tingeing into his voice. Dean sits up completely and pulls the headphones off his ears.
“You can start by telling me what you want to do for your birthday?” Bobby suggests, a smile clearly overlain in his voice.
“I’m sorry, Cas,” she says softly, reaching out to brush his shoulder. He nods.
“It was nothing,” Dean mutters, though in fact it was. It was losing sleep as a five year old to soothe Sammy’s nightmares. It was hours sitting in a bathroom floor as a six year old to teach Sammy to use the toilet. It was starting work from the first moment he could to get some money for Sam’s college. It was kissing scraped knees, killing imaginary monsters, sacrificing the last bowl of Lucky Charms.
It goes through him like a shot, and though he’s crumpled on the un-ground nearly frozen solid, it’s enough to make him turn his head, and then,
“No, being a dad.” Dean’s smile falls a little, the warmth moving to his eyes instead.
“What are you looking at?” Cas spits, a grin hiding in his eyes.
“Not dying,” Dean grunts, trying—and failing—to get his legs under him. Cas startles, and they buckle to the ground at the mouth of the barn. “Just cold,” he finishes lamely, his knees protesting the sudden impact.
“What about it? I hate my job, and besides, it’s not the kind of job you want to have when you’re in a committed relationship.” Dean grins to Cas, and Cas can’t help the curve that presents itself on his lips in reply.
“Dean,” Cas sighs, leaning forward and trying to catch Dean’s eye. Dean doesn’t say anything, just stares at his clasped hands before him. The silence stretches into oblivion around them, and before he knows it, Dean is drowning in it. There has never been an awkward silence between Cas and Dean. Cas, the epitome of awkward, has never once in his entire twelve-year friendship with Dean caused an awkward moment, but now…
“I don’t really know. It’s really complicated.”
“And just what the hell have I been to you all these years, huh? All those t-ball games? All those spelling bees? All those scraped knees and Sunday dinners and bedtime stories? Who have I been to you, if not your father?” Dean watches him carefully. Bobby's not angry. That much is obvious.
“Do you even know what you did to me, Cas? You
“Wait, Cas,” Dean shouts, catching his’ attention. Cas turns slowly, his body silhouetted against the battling streetlight and darkness. Dean begins running, doesn't stop until there is a mere handful of inches between them. “I’m married,” he says lamely, and Cas’ hopeful eyes dull a bit.
“Hey, Kev,” Benny says, elbowing Kevin in the ribs and startling Dean away from his thoughts. “Check out Andrea,” Benny says, following her with his eyes. Some part of Dean tells him this is the same dark-haired girl that had Benny pinned up against a wall at that party a million years ago.
“It’s an anagram,” Cas says with delight lacing his voice. “And it says our names.” He lets out a short laugh. “I can’t believe I never noticed that.” Dean smiles and pulls Cas closer.
