John chuckled a little at Sherlock's exclamation and he led him out to the car park. As they walked towards the end of the lot, John answered him. "My father got a new job in the city and we had to move closer. It's a lot different from where we used to live. We were out in the country before." They walked towards the outer edge of the lot, not to a car but to a motor bike. John turned back to Sherlock with a sheepish smile. "I hope you don't mind. It's a lot easier to have one of these in London than a car."
John shrugged. "Probably. I haven't seen Da since Friday." He dried himself and then wrapped the towel around his waist. "You're stealing my away from my family," he teased.
John laughed and squirmed, momentarily escaping only to be attacked again. "I-I am!" he cried between laughs. "I'm ha-ha-happy, see?"
When John finally woke, it was to find Sherlock staring at him and smiling. John returned the smile lazily. "What're you lookin' at?"
John squeaked indignantly when Sherlock pinned him down, and kissed him back just as firmly. He followed Sherlock out of bed and locked their fingers together. "You know you could never upset me. And if you did I would let you know."
Sherlock returned with wash rag in hand and smiled as he walked towards the bed. He gently wiped John off and after his hand was clean, he lifted it to his lips and kissed the knuckles. "I'm really glad you enjoyed that... I was kind of worried I wouldn't fulfill your expectations," he murmured and laced their fingers together.
Sherlock chuckled and lifted John up so he could wrap his own arms around his fiance. "Well... It is Saturday, we could sleep in..."
John frowned as he was getting dressed and stopped halfway. "Are you sure you're alright? Maybe I can convince my father to let me stay here for the day." He sat on the edge of the bed and smoothed back Sherlock's curls. Those idiots on the team were going to pay for it.
Sherlock bit his lip, hesitating very briefly before nodding. "Yeah... I would," he said and smiled, leaning in for another kiss.
John gladly kissed the full expanse of Sherlock's neck, continuing to thrust into his lover. "God, yes...You're so tight...You're so perfect..." He groaned and nipped at his skin, wanting to start a new mark. "I love...doing this for you...I love showing you my love like this."
"Do you now?" Sherlock said cheekily and wrapped his arms around the other boy. "Well... why don't you show me?" He smirked and raised his eyebrow, challenging him.
Sherlock nodded and pulled John down by the back of his neck for another soft, slow kiss. "I love you, John," he whispered and smiled. They laid there for a few moments, just kissing lazily until Sherlock spoke again. "I think it's time to go speak to your father, yeah?" he asked and smiled lovingly up at his boyfriend.
When he did finally put his mouth around him, John bucked up, but only the tip stayed in. He moaned loudly, hand gripping Sherlock's hair. "Ohhh, more, please..."
John grinned, closing his eyes. "Yes. Together." He yawned softly and burrowed into Sherlock. Tomorrow would be a good day, he could feel it. Slowly he began to drift off, mumbling a soft, "G'night, Sherlock," before he finally fell asleep.
"Listen to me, Sherlock Holmes. You are my entire world, the other half of my soul. You have no idea how shattered I was when I thought you were..." He swallowed before continuing. "The point is, I love you with every fibre of my being. I love your strengths and I love your weaknesses. Nothing and no one can ever change that. All right?" John smiled softly as he continued to smooth his thumbs on Sherlock's face, catching a few stray tears.
, you're amazing. I'm s-so lucky to have such an amazing lover. Y-you're just so..." He let out a loud cry and threw his head back as he reached the right angle to pound into his prostate with each thrust. "F-fuck..." he breathed, beyond words now.
"Now John, I want you to be aware that the defence lawyer will pay no regard to your feelings. He will say and do anything to get you to crack. Nothing will be off limits, do you understand?" Ms. Rodin looked at John seriously, her hands resting on top of her crossed legs.
John tried not to panic, grabbing Sherlock firmly and kissing him. He hoped that much would jar him out of whatever terrible visions he was seeing, since it was obvious just talking to him wasn't going to work.
John nodded and slowly lifted himself, coming down hard on Sherlock. "Oh...oh, fuck..." A tear trailed down John's cheek as he started to move in a steady rhythm. He kept his hands on Sherlock's chest to keep himself in place.
Sherlock shook his head, not wanting to worry John with what had happened. "Nothing... I'm fine," he murmured and attempted a smile.
Meanwhile, Ms. Rodin was trying to catch Hamish's eye again. "So, um... you've raised quite a boy there. You and your wife must be very proud," she said.
Sherlock's father walked in and put his hand on John's shoulder, looking down at his son. "You should go get some rest, John. You haven't slept at all since you've arrived here."
True to his word, John waddled into the building, trying as best as he could to walk normally. Though when he caught a glimpse of Irene he played it up a little, sticking his arse out as he was led over to the table with the cake.
Sherlock patted the back of John's hand soothingly and half smiled at him. Helen nodded and took more notes, "okay, now... Tell me about the events leading up to the second attack on Sherlock."
Irene shrugged, "I just came to talk that's all," she smiled sweetly at him and leaned a bit closer. "I had a question for you actually... You said that even if Sherlock was a girl, you would still love him, right?"
John grinned wryly, stepping closer. "Aw, I'm sorry." He bent a little. "Let me kiss you and make it better." He kissed one nipple, feather light, then moved to the other. He glanced up to see how Sherlock was reacting.
Sherlock groaned and pushed his arse out, "well... If I've been so bad then I guess you better punish me," he murmured against John's neck. He kissed his way back up to the other boy's ear and whispered huskily, "spank me, John."
Sherlock nodded, "I hope you're right," he murmured and kissed John again. He really hoped he didn't have to testify, but he knew that if that's what it came to, he would do it. Right now, getting Sebastian behind bars was the one thing that would keep them both safe. "The trial is in two weeks, dad said the lawyer would be coming over one afternoon after school to do a mock trial with us... prepare us for the questions they might ask."
By the time morning had come, John was feeling much better, even if he was a little sore around the edges. The doctor came in to unhook him from the machines and tell him he was free to go. Once he had left, John carefully got up and dressed in his clothes from the day before. He was limping a bit, but not too terribly. Turning to face Sherlock, he smiled and held out a hand. "Ready to go?"
He smiled at John and laid the candles out around the room, lighting them and then dimming the overhead lights. He walked over to his stereo and turned it on. A soft tune flowed out of the speakers:
John relaxed, listening and feeling the comforting sound of Sherlock's baritone voice as he hummed. He had never heard the song before, but it was beautiful, and he soon found himself falling away into visions of himself and Sherlock, dancing to the sounds of violins.
"Yeah. Only a few months more." John squeezed the pillow, trying to catch a whiff of Sherlock, but he had nothing that held his scent. "A few months of lonely nights..." He sighed and kissed the phone, hoping Sherlock would hear the sound and know he was sending his love.
Sherlock kissed John passionately for a few moments before smirking against his lips, "you asked for it," he murmured and reached down to his sides to begin tickling him. He used his knowledge of John's most sensitive spots and attacked them without mercy.
John grinned up at Sherlock. "Sure. If I'm not intruding or anything." So this was it. He was really making friends with Sherlock. He shouldn't have felt so excited about this, but he did. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that Sherlock was a handsome boy who actually seemed pretty genuine compared to everyone else he had met since transferring here. John jerked his head toward the door. "Let's go. I'll give you a lift if you tell me how to get there."
"God, your skin tastes amazing," Sherlock groaned against John's neck. He slid his hands underneath the other boy's shirt and dug his thumbs in right about his hip bones.
John looked up and wiped his eyes again before standing and holding tightly to Sherlock's hand. He let the other boy bring him down to the living room where his father was still sitting.
Sherlock placed soft kisses on the side of his lover's face as he collected himself. He leaned close to whisper "I love you" over and over in John's ear, never feeling closer to him than in this moment.
"John..." Sherlock whispered and bit his lip as he kept moving, "I wouldn't be nearly as great without you. I... I probably wouldn't even-
"Harry came down, drunk already. I guess she had a stash in her room. She came over to me...and she told me we were going for a ride. I didn't want to go, but she dragged me out and put me in the car, in the front seat no less. I was terrified because I knew she was dangerous like that, but she drove off before I could jump out of the car. Then she started talking, barely making sense, but she said something about wanting to take me away from Da, that he didn't understand."
John hummed softly and hugged Sherlock in return, not wanting to let go. "Yeah, I could." He needed to start getting used to this, though. Even if he didn't go for the army after all, chances were they wouldn't be at the same university. They'd wind up having many visits but eventually they would have to say goodbye, and it was only going to get harder.
John slept for a while, rather peacefully. His mind was just as tired as his body so it couldn't even be bothered to generate bad dreams. When he awoke he found himself still safely snuggled in Sherlock's arms and he smiled, pressing his face into the other boy's neck and closing his eyes again. He didn't sleep, but lifted a hand to trail up and down Sherlock's arm.
Just the sound of his lover's voice crying out brought Sherlock to his own orgasm. He released deep inside of John, hips jerking forward with each spurt of cum. "Fuck...
Mycroft came into the room less than an hour later and approached John with a frown, "what happened? What have you done to him?" He shoved the boy's chair back, forcing him to release Sherlock's hand. "Answer me!" he said firmly, voice booming.
John watched as everything he could see faded away. He followed the sound of Sherlock's voice back to reality, eyes opening and Sherlock's form appearing in his vision. John's arms immediately encircled him and he tried to shake the nightmare from his mind.
Sherlock smiled and kissed John quickly on the lips before pulling away. "Stay right here, I'm going to grab a couple of glasses of sparkling grape juice so we can have a proper toast." He squeezed John's hands before dropping them and walking back inside.
John stopped and listened. Sure enough, he could hear Sherlock crying and bolted towards the closet, opening the door. Relief flooded him as he found his fiance there, curled on the floor. But then concern joined it and he knelt, hugging him close. "Shh, Sherlock. It's alright, it's just John. I'm so sorry," he murmured, kissing into his hair.
John hummed into the kiss, his own tongue sliding across Sherlock's, tasting him. He tilted his head to more easily kiss him, rolling onto his back so that Sherlock could lay on top of him.
Sherlock fell asleep after a few moments and when he awoke a few hours later, he was glad to see that John was still there. Mycroft managed to convince the doctor that he would be under constant care at home, so the doctor agreed to release him.
As soon as they had stood and been seated again, Ms. Rodin walked to the front of the table. "Ms. Rodin, I've learned you have another witness?" Helen nodded, "we do, your honour. I'd like to call the victim, Sherlock Holmes to the stand." Sherlock could hear his mother gasping and his father trying to calm her. He also heard all of the other people start to murmur and saw the look on Moran's face when they revealed he was going to be testifying.
Sherlock's brow furrowed in confusion, "What... How did that even work?" he said and looked up at Mycroft. His older brother just smiled, "Mummy and Daddy have donated quite a bit of money to this particular hospital," he said and shrugged. Sherlock nodded in understanding. He swallowed hard before he entered John's room. "John..." he whispered and started to walk towards him before he saw John's father sitting by the bed and his eyes widened as he stepped back again.
Mycroft stepped up behind him and gripped his shoulder, "now, now Sherlock. Calm down." He looked at the nurse and smiled, "I do apologise for my brother's behaviour. It's that Holmes temper in him." The nurses eyes got wide, "Holmes? As in...
"Hello boys! How's the trial stuff going?" he asked. "Come on over, I'm just about done with dinner." John took Sherlock towards the kitchen table and pulled a chair for him before sitting down himself.
Sherlock complied, grabbing tightly to his lover's hips and pounding into him. He moaned loudly and looked over in the mirrors to watch himself slide in and out of John's entrance.
Sherlock sighed, "same as you... extremely lonely. Mum made me wash the sheets earlier," he said with a smile, "I couldn't help but think of you and how they got dirty in the first place."
"Not at all," Sherlock said, "I quite like the idea of you using my shower... it's a pity I've taken mine already or I would join you," he said and winked as John passed by.
John could never have reacted in time. All he could do was watch in slow motion as Sherlock's side burst with red. "Sherlock!" He scrambled over to him, Sebastian forgotten. "Sherlock? Sherlock, please can you hear me?"
Sherlock pulled away and frowned down at John, "you too?" He bent and kissed his fiancé on the lips. "You should have called me," he murmured against the other boy's lips.
Sherlock inhaled sharply and shivered at the light kisses. "Um..." he cleared his throat, "th-thank you." He started washing himself this time, turning away and trying to calm himself. John could be such a tease and he refused to give in this time.
Sherlock kept bucking his hips back and forth, thrusting up into John's mouth before rocking back and impaling himself on his finger. His orgasm hit him hard and he cried out John's name as he trembled through his release.
John grinned up at Mr. Holmes. "Not at all, sir. Take your time." He watched them go, wondering idly what Sherlock's father might be saying to him.
moment. "He f-fired and...Sherlock pushed m-me out of the way..." The tears fell one by one and he wiped his eyes furiously trying to stop them.
Later that night, while lying in bed, he pulled out his mobile and the scrap of paper and typed out a message to John.
John didn't expect Ms. Rodin to want more, but he obliged. "Well...I, um..." He swallowed thickly as the memory brought up all the emotion he'd felt that day. "I held Sherlock as he was bleeding and...he went unconscious." A tear escaped his eye and he wiped it furiously. "Then the paramedics came and the police and Mr. Holmes."
Sherlock couldn't hear John over the music, just continued to run, pushing people out of his way. He ran all the way to the pool house, hiding in a closet once he got inside. He collapsed against the far wall, sobbing and curling up into a ball.
John looked up at Sherlock, hovering over him with his curls tousled, eyes-half lidded as they grazed over him. "That makes two of us," he said, reaching up to press his palm to Sherlock's chest. "Take me, Sherlock." He spread his legs further, trying to give Sherlock as much of himself as he could.
Sherlock gasped and bucked his hips up once. "Yes... I'm yours, John. Always yours," he whimpered and bit his lip.
John let out a puff of breath, hugging Sherlock back and pressing his face into his fiance's neck. "Yeah...Yeah, I'm good." He inhaled deeply from his nose, breathing Sherlock in. "Actually this was good. I think I'll be able to keep my head better during the trial."
Sherlock stood and took Mr. Watson's hand, gripping it firmly, "of course," he said and smiled, "always." He sat down next to his boyfriend again once John's father left and kissed his forehead. "Do you need me to get you anything, love?" he murmured and smiled lovingly at him.
they just made him harder. He reached down to softly stroke himself as he watched his fiancé. "Shit, John... I've never felt anything like being inside you. I can't wait until you're ready for me," Sherlock murmured. He scooted until he was in a sitting position, still stroking his length and eyes locked on John.
John felt his chest swell at how sweet Sherlock was being with him. Each spot that Sherlock kissed felt better, better than they had felt with any painkiller he had been given. "I love you, too, Sherlock," John said, tilting up to kiss him one more time, chastely. "Very much."
Sherlock smiled, glad that John wasn't seeing anyone at the moment. He'd like to think that increased his chances of maybe dating John himself, but he didn't know for certain that he felt that way about boys. "Well, I'm sure you wouldn't have any trouble at all finding someone. You're very handsome, kind and smart," he said and couldn't resist reaching out to brush John's hair away from his forehead before he realized what he was doing and blushed, jerking his hand away. "Sorry..." he murmured.
John smiled a little. "Well, yes, that is true. And I certainly had never had anything up my arse before you." He put a hand over his heart, feigning shock. "Oh, Mr. Holmes. You stole my virginity!"
"Just relax. This is the last we'll have to deal with this." He just wished he could follow his own advice. They both sat when the second chair was brought and John looked up at the chair he'd soon be in when he was being questioned.
John quickly joined Sherlock in sleep, whispering, "I love you, too." before fully drifting off. Luckily he didn't have any nightmares tonight, which was thanks to the presence of his fiance by his side.
John groaned in satisfaction as Sherlock made sure his cock was taken care of as well, and let his head fall back to get more kisses from Sherlock. He was very close now, but would hold on for as long as Sherlock wanted him to so they could finish together.
is at home. Recuperating from the near death experience that you and your group of brainless lemmings arranged. How's your eye by the way?"
Mr. Watson was silent for a moment, face showing that he seemed conflicted. John couldn't take the suspense, but he stayed quiet, waiting. Finally, his father took a breath and let it out, turning his back. "Go. Please."
"Sherlock Holmes, what can I say about you? You're so brilliant, so beautiful, so sweet. You captured my heart from the moment we met and I was so glad to give it to you. I've never met another man, another person, who is so...so perfect. And I'm lucky- privileged- to have you as my husband and my best friend. I'll never let you go, and I'll always take care of you, for as long as we both live. You're my whole world, Sherlock. I love you so much." He finished by wiping his eyes and smiling up at Sherlock.
"I love you, too, Sherlock." John tucked Sherlock back into his trousers before closing his eyes and letting himself drift off. A few hours later, an announcement was made for the landing in Paris. John woke first and nudged his husband. "We're here, love."
John felt awful the entire ride to school. He just knew he had done something wrong, but he couldn't figure it out. He had to make it up to Sherlock somehow. He decided that he would stop somewhere after school before he went back to Sherlock's house.
Mary saw John running and approached him, "John! What's going on? Where's Sherlock?" she asked, frowning and looking around.
"Okay then," Sherlock said and smiled, wrapping his arms around John's waist in return. "Why don't you go pick out some treats? We have pop too if you're thirsty." He gave his fiancé a quick kiss on the lips and turned back to pick out a film.
Sherlock nodded, "It was good, nice to be back after spending the last couple weeks not being able to do anything but pace my room." He unfolded the napkin and placed it in his lap while he spoke, nervously re-adjusting it every few moments.
"That time already?" Sherlock whined and nuzzled his face in John's shoulder. "I think we should skip out today... Your bed is rather comfy," he murmured into his lover's neck, giving it a kiss.
"Don't you blame yourself, son. You're not the one that pulled the trigger. There is nothing you could have done, Sherlock did what he felt was necessary to save you. He loves you very much, I can tell. What he needs now is for you to be there for him when he wakes up." Mr. Holmes pulled back and looked at John in the eyes, "go... be with my son," he said and squeezed his shoulder.
John sighed and knelt next to him again, cupping his face in both hands. "I told you," he said softly. "When I look at you, I only see the brilliant, wonderful man you are. So what if you've got flaws? We all do. That doesn't make you unlovable." He leaned forward and gave him a gentle kiss, rubbing his thumbs over Sherlock's cheekbones.
He paused and looked down at his feet, "he loves you and I know he cares what you think about us being together. I hope... I hope you can accept him, because I love him and I wouldn't want to see him hurt by not having his father's support."
Sherlock frowned at the sight of the lipstick and pulled John back in for another kiss, swiping his tongue across the other boy's lips, determined to wipe away every trace of Irene. He closed his eyes and focused on the feelings that were bubbling up in his chest. John was so good to him, so perfect, and right there and then he vowed to never doubt his love again.
, I love you so much." He moaned loudly and threw his head back, pounding into his lover and gripping his hips so hard he was sure to leave marks.
John really liked spending time with the Holmeses. They were really like a family. Not that he didn't feel like that with his father, but it was different. They were a little more of a broken family, if anything. With Sherlock and his family, he felt like part of a whole.
This was worse than the time before and John nearly started to panic. How could he get through to Sherlock? He couldn't see any other way but to be more forceful. "Sherlock," he said firmly. "Sherlock, snap out of it. Please!" It was almost a little scary, the fact that he seemed trapped within himself. John pulled Sherlock's hands away and grabbed his face. "Sherlock. Wake up!" John started kissing him, hoping the physical contact would jar him to his senses.
Sherlock jumped into the shower and pulled John in after him, pressing him flush against his own body, water cascading down on both of them. "God... I want you inside me," he breathed and attacked his fiancé's mouth with fervour.
"Thought so," John said with a chuckle, readjusting his face to find a new spot on his husband's neck. He brought his other hand closer to Sherlock to open his trousers, now palming his cock through the thin fabric of his pants.
John pulled his mouth away, moving directly to Sherlock's ear as he stroked his lover as quickly as he could. "Come on, Sherlock. Let it all out. God, I wish you could scream my name."
"Oh, God..." Sherlock whispered and tightened his grip on his lover's head. He had a feeling that John wasn't quite done teasing him and he whimpered, letting his head roll back on his shoulders.
John made a soft sound and moved his hips harder, already feeling like he had half an erection. "I know just what you mean," he said, voice deep. "Whenever I see you I have to stop myself from getting hard. You're just...unbelievable. I just love your body, your skin, your shape. I love the feeling of being pressed up against you." He dipped his head down to bite Sherlock's pulse. "No one else has ever made me feel like this. Ever."
Sherlock cried out when John sank his teeth into him and gripped tighter on their cocks. He moaned and bucked his hips faster as he approached his release. Groaning, he finally came, leaving trails of his release in the water.
John obeyed, taking in his fingers and sucking them, imagining they were Sherlock's length. He lolled his tongue around them, making sure they were good and soaked.
"Oi!" the officer standing next to him barked, "eyes down, what did I tell you?" Sebastian looked down at the table in front of him, but Sherlock could still see a smirk on his face.
..." Sherlock moaned and bucked into John's hand. "I love being inside you, you're so fucking tight." He connected their mouths again, stroking his lover's tongue with his own as his hands worked to help pull his trousers and pants down his hips.
This was actually news to John as he was pretty sure no one had told him what happened after he'd blacked out. When Ms. Rodin asked about the shooting...He already felt the lump building in his throat and he swallowed thickly to try to get himself together. "That morning..." he started. "I had slept over Sherlock's the night before, and we were about to have a shower. Then out of nowhere, Sebastian was there behind us."
John could see it as well, and the thought warmed his heart. "The perfect future. I can't imagine how else I could live."
Sherlock grabbed a wash rag and soaped it up, turning to wash John's chest. "Okay, so I'm bending the rule a little... I'm touching you, but not sexually." He grinned and continued to wash his lover's torso, playfully tweaking his nipple through the rag.
"She should have been. But I haven't seen her in ten years." He smiled a bit at her. "Hamish Watson," he said, holding out his hand.
looking forward to some hot shower sex." He grinned and winked at John before pulling away and turning them so he was under the shower spray. He leaned his head back, closing his eyes and stretching out his neck, running his hands through his hair to get rid of the suds.
Sherlock opened a door on the right side of the screen that revealed a sort of closet area filled with rows of films and the DVD player. "Any particular film you'd like to see? I'm sure we have anything you'd be interested in watching," he said from the closet.
obvious... but it was to me." He kissed John on the forehead, "what would you like to do now, love? Did your father say you could spend the night?"
Sherlock nodded, "okay, take as long as you want. No rush, yeah?" He finished getting dressed and once they were both ready, he took John's hand and laced their fingers together. Smiling, he lifted them to kiss the back of his fiance's hand and walked downstairs with him to the car where Mycroft was waiting.
The professor decided to let them run, he'd seen all their faces and knew their names. He immediately pulled out his mobile and called for an ambulance, then knelt down next to John and held his head up off the ground, taking off his blazer and laying it under his head. As soon as the paramedics arrived, John's father was called and he was rushed to the hospital.
John waved to her as she left and went back to eating. "Yeah. It's a bit strange, but cool. I wonder what kind of party it'll be." He knew of course that there would probably be alcohol there, which put him off a bit, but he could deal with it for one night. Just as long as no one got too carried away.
Sherlock pulled away and looked John deep in the eyes, "yes, I'm sure. You saved my life, you love me even after all the weird quirks you've found out about me, you know what you want and you stand up for who you love. You're amazing, John... and to call you anything less than brilliant would in itself be idiotic." He smiled at the other boy and reached up to cup his cheek, "I love you more than anything, and I always will. No matter what."
John smiled a little when it seemed like it was working. "That's right, it's me. I'm here." He kissed the shell of Sherlock's ear and squeezed his hands, trying to pull Sherlock back with the different sensations. He only wondered what had happened to make him so upset in the first place. It must have been something he said. A pit of guilt welled in his stomach at the thought of hurting Sherlock, even though he hadn't meant to.
Sherlock nodded, "Yes sir, although I'm not sure when that will be." His mother stepped up beside his father and linked arms with him, "we'll set up a dinner later on. I'd like for your father to be able to meet your boyfriend very soon, he's such a delightful boy!"
Sherlock closed his eyes and focused on the sounds that John was making. He slowly stuck his tongue in deeper, curling it to scrape across his inner walls. Sherlock himself was enjoying this, loving the feel of it and how much it was pleasuring his lover.
"How did you know to come back?" Helen said, brow furrowed, "Explain how they got you away from him..." Sherlock squeezed John's hand tighter, knowing she was bound to ask that question. He hadn't really heard the details himself of what happened while John was away with Mary.
John grinned, but it didn't reach his eyes. "Sherlock...stay close to me, okay? I really don't want to be alone at that party," he said softly, resting his head on his fiance's chest.
Sherlock sighed happily into the kiss, deepening it, but keeping it slow and loving. He pulled away with a smirk, "does that mean we can do it again sometime?"
Mr. Watson looked at Sherlock for the first time then. "Oh. Hello, son." He put out a hand to shake.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, "when have I ever treated you like a baby... or a dog?" He sat up and crossed his legs, reaching forward to take John's hands. "Come here," he said and pulled the other boy into his lap, wrapping his arms around his waist.
John followed Sherlock outside but lost him once he got onto the crowded dance floor. Sherlock could be anywhere, likely having a breakdown, and John couldn't get to him. "Dammit!" He rubbed a hand over his face, then saw Mary coming towards him. He shook his head. "I was chasing him but I lost him. He...he's kind of having an attack of some kind. I really need to get to him."
Sherlock groaned and clung tightly to the other boy on the ride to his flat. He was close to nipping John's earlobe, but thought better of it. When they arrived, he stepped off the motorbike and waited for his fiancé to prop it up before smacking his arse. "Let's go upstairs then, love," he said cheekily.
John moved closer as Sherlock pulled him and he kissed him back fervently. As Sherlock's hand wrapped around him, he bucked into it, hips out of his control. And when Sherlock pressed both of them together...
"I know," John said, glancing at the ring on his left hand. "And I can call you my husband. Sherlock Holmes-Watson."
John let out a breath through his nose. Keep calm. Don't let your temper go. He looked up at Sebastian with a forced smile plastered onto his face. "
John groaned at the feeling of being sheathed inside of Sherlock. Dear God, he was tight, and it caused the friction all around him to be incredible. He slipped his arms under Sherlock's back again, pulling their chests together, feeling like he could just melt into Sherlock and combine into one being with two halves that were missing each other until this very moment.
Sherlock grinned triumphantly and said nothing, just pulling John into a deep, passionate kiss. After a few moments of intense snogging, he could sense they were both ready and pulled back, smirking before laying John down on his side. He then proceeded to rearrange himself so his head was facing the foot of the bed. He grabbed his fiance's arse in both hands, tugging him closer so that his crotch was perfectly aligned with his own mouth and vice versa. He looked up at John and smiled, waiting for him to figure out what exactly he had in mind. John of course enjoyed the snogging, and it was evident that Sherlock did as well when their arousals brushed together. He was curious though, as to the plans of his future husband, but he let him move him over and watched as he changed positions. John's face flushed deep red when he realised what Sherlock was proposing. And he had no problems with that. He found himself face with Sherlock's cock and he licked his lips. But before taking it into his mouth, he started to suck on his own fingers. When they were sufficiently soaked, he used his other hand to guide Sherlock into his mouth. His wet fingers then reached behind, stroking between the cleft in his arse.
John looked at the reply and held the phone to his chest as he curled up on the bed. He couldn't believe that they were going to leave, that he might be somewhere far from Sherlock. Where would they even go? What could they possibly afford if not this tiny, run down flat? It was all his fault.
Sherlock inhaled sharply as John's hand slapped his rear. He smirked and followed his fiancé into the bathroom, slipping into the shower with him. "Mmm, I'd say we have enough time for a little fun," he murmured and turned John towards him. He grabbed his lover's hand and placed it on his slightly hardened cock. Then he reached out to grasp onto John's length and began to stroke it.
Sherlock waited until John was finished cleaning his hand and then he pulled him closer by the back of his head, locking their lips together. He hummed into the kiss as their tongues slid together. When he pulled back he had a smile on his face. "I never expected to enjoy that taste, but I really do."
Sherlock moaned freely now and nearly bit a hole in his lip. He obeyed and lifted his hips up, curious to see what his lover was planning next.
Sherlock smiled sadly at John, "In case you've forgotten, love... I don't fit in with them either. All these people... they might as well have been forced to come. They could care less that it's a party for me. They all think I'm a freak and are just there to make themselves look good. The only difference about this year... Is that I have you. You're the first one to make me feel like I belong. That I am a perfectly fine person to be and that I don't have to fit in." He looked deeply into John's eyes and smiled after he finished speaking, hoping that he said enough to squash his fears.
Sherlock took his time divesting his lover of his trousers. He released John's neck, smirking at the dark mark left there and knelt in front of the bed, pulling his trousers down to his ankles. He then leaned up and nuzzled the other boy's crotch through his pants, breathing hotly on the fabric.
"Well, I had seen him that morning and he sort of gave us a look when we were kissing, but other than that, no, he didn't talk to us." John glanced at Sherlock for confirmation.
John sighed contentedly and opened his eyes to gaze at Sherlock. "You're more beautiful," he said with a hint of cheekiness. He pressed in a little closer to the other boy, enjoying the caresses on his sides.
He rested his head on his fiancé's shoulder, "can you imagine it? We'll share a bedroom, stay up all night making love and being as loud as we want. Wake up in the morning and have breakfast in bed together..." he smiled and sighed, picturing it all in his head.
Sherlock shook his head and stood, "the tan line on your left ring finger, for starters. Along with the way you looked at me and John ever since you met us. You seem like a very strong woman and any man who would let you go, especially treat you as badly as he did... doesn't deserve you."
John meanwhile was outside, leaning against the wall of the flat with his face buried in his hands. His own father had rejected him. It hurt far more than he cared to say. What would he do if his father kicked him out for good? He had no money, nowhere to go. He couldn't impose on Sherlock, that just wasn't fair. He heard Sherlock coming out but he didn't move.
." She quickly grabbed onto the back of John's head and pulled him in, crushing her lips against his.
Sherlock brought a hand up and stroked John's hair, kissing him on the forehead. "You always make me feel special," he murmured and hugged the other boy tighter.
He walked over and handed John the smallest shirt and bottoms he had, but the bottoms would most likely still be too long for him. He sat cross legged on the bed next to the other boy and started eating his own brownie.
John whimpered and pushed towards Sherlock's fingers. All of his attention to Sherlock had left himself wanting. "Please...fuck me, please..." He buried his face in Sherlock's neck and rocked into him again.
John found himself easily able to keep up with Sherlock, keeping his eyes locked with his fiance's. Once again, Sherlock had taken something in his life and made it better. He was so happy, so lucky, to call this boy his own. After a while, he laid his head on Sherlock's chest, hearing his heartbeat gently thumping under his ear. He thanked whoever was listening everyday that he had these moments, chances to hear Sherlock's living heart. He was so grateful for him.
Mr. Holmes smiled at his wife and squeezed her hand lightly, "I suppose that's a good sign then," he said and chuckled. The butler brought in their salads and after he had placed them on the table and left, Mr. Holmes turned to John's father. "So, Mr. Watson, what is it you do for a living?"
Sherlock squeezed John's hand and smiled at him before ringing the doorbell. Mary answered the door smiling, "hey boys! So glad you could make it, come on in!" She led them through the house where there were a few couples snogging already and out to the back where a DJ station was setup along with a full bar, snack table and a huge dance floor with lights.
"John, I had a feeling that was the reason for a while now," he said rolling his eyes. "Give me some credit. You don't really think I'd blame Sherlock for that, do you?" John didn't know what to say. The way his father was acting now, he felt silly for having doubted him.
Sherlock smiled, oh if only he knew his plans... "I have some ideas... probably going to uni for forensics, I've always been fascinated by solving crimes," he said and shrugged. "What about you?"
John smiled, kissing Sherlock back. "I'll take that as a positive answer." He turned around and undid Sherlock's ankles, then climbed back up to snuggle against him. "Really, though, if you ever don't like something I do, you'll tell me, right?"
John growled and shoved his fingers inside of Sherlock, scissoring them. He pulled back from the kiss to bite Sherlock's neck again. "I can tell you're going to be tight. You always feel so good." He curled the digits, searching for Sherlock's prostate.
They all sang Happy Birthday and Sherlock smiled over at John before blowing out the candles. Everyone applauded and his mother and father came over to give him a hug. "What did you wish for, son?" his father asked, smiling down at him. Sherlock shrugged, "I didn't wish for anything. I already have everything I could possibly want." He walked over to John and wrapped his arms around him, hugging him close.
Sherlock felt all the air leave his lungs and he dropped his violin. "Let's go. Now," he said and ran towards the door. Mycroft grabbed his car keys and followed Sherlock outside, dashing to the car and speeding off to the hospital where John was taken.
to make friends with him, but that was before I knew that he and the lot of those boys were bullies."
Sherlock chuckled, "of course, dear. Anything for you." He kissed John on the nose and grabbed trays for them both. Sherlock was hungry enough to actually eat a full meal this time and he knew it would please his fiancé to no end.
The fast pace, the hard thrusts, the possessiveness that suddenly came over him as he bent his head to suck a mark onto Sherlock's easily markable skin. He wrapped one hand around Sherlock's cock and stroked in time with his hips, groaning against Sherlock's skin and choking out, "Fuck, Sherlock...Oh, God..."
"Oh look at you! You both look rather handsome this evening, boys." She hugged them both and gave them each a kiss on the cheek. "They'll be serving the hors d'oeuvres soon, go grab a drink if you like," she gestured towards the bar on the far side of the room.
John did some homework for a while, then had dinner with his father before going up to his room. He laid on the bed, flipping through an old book when his mobile rang. With a grin, he picked it up and answered. "Hi, hot stuff," he said, laying back and propping his head on an arm.
John raised his eyebrows in surprise. He remembered asking Sherlock when he came back to sit down if anything had happened, but now it seemed that he had lied. "Sherlock, why didn't you say anything?" he asked, putting a hand on his shoulder.
John kissed Sherlock back, tensing a bit as his hand moved toward his side. But Sherlock was careful and the areas he touched just tingled with the sensation of the loving caress. He relaxed again, enjoying the attention and letting Sherlock take the lead on the kiss. He was still tired and he couldn't move too much without extra pain. And part of him liked being doted on by Sherlock.
Sherlock grinned and joined his fiancé on the bed, crawling towards him and laying down next to him. "I take it you like that, then?" he said cheekily and rested his head on John's shoulder, kissing the side of his neck.
John smiled a little and kissed him back. "I love you, too, Sherlock. And I know you mean well, but..." He sighed, unsure how to put it. "It's just not the same. I don't know what I did wrong. Mum just...left. Even if she was upset about Harry, why wouldn't she stay for me? Not that she'd be happy now that we're together, but still..."
John cried out, though the sound was muffled by Sherlock's cock. He bucked his hips, trying to control himself so as not to hurt Sherlock. He relaxed, but felt himself tense again in pleasure as Sherlock started to thrust his fingers, hitting his prostate which resulted in a choked cry. He decided to do the same to his lover, pushing his second finger inside and pumping, curling them so they scraped his inner walls.
Sherlock sighed, "I love you, too John. More than anything." He kissed the other boy again and pulled back, "I guess you better go before your father comes out and drags you in," he said softly and smiled.
Sherlock grabbed onto the arms of the chair to steady himself and obeyed John's request. He began rolling his hips in such a way that his arse ever so slightly started rubbing against his lover's groin. He stood up completely and turned around, then straddled the other boy's hips and continued to move to the music.
Sherlock felt a little better at the touch to his knee and relaxed, starting to eat. When John's father spoke again, he looked up at him and shook his head. "You don't owe me anything. I just did what I had to in order to protect John and yourself. It was honestly the least I could do since I'm the reason he got attacked in the first place." He gave a sad smile and squeezed his lover's hand under the table.
Mycroft smiled at John, "thank you," he said softly. After a few moments, he stood, "I'm going to talk to the doctors, see how long he'll have to stay." He walked towards the door and opened it, but turned back before he was fully out of the doorway. "Talk to him... that's the best way to let him know," he said with a grin and walked away.
Sherlock shrugged and sat down on the bed. "Well... To be honest the idea never appealed to me. All the responsibilities of being a parent, all the bills and the dirty diapers and things." He reached up and grabbed John's hand, pulling him gently into his lap. "However... I really like the idea of starting a family with you someday. You would be an excellent father." He smiled up at his fiancé and kissed him softly on the lips.
John laughed a little, but the question actually hit home. If he wanted to be completely honest with himself, Sherlock might very well be dead without him. Shaking his head, John smiled and offered his arm out to Sherlock. "Shall we, darling?"
Sherlock gasped and brought one of his hands up to tangle in John's hair. He began moaning softly and grinding up in the same rhythm as his lover. After a few moments, he reached down to start undoing both of their trousers and managed to push John's down without much difficulty.
"It was the next Monday," John said, looking down at the table. "We had decided not to hide the fact that we were together, but I suppose that Sebastian didn't like that. After school, he had one of our classmates draw me away while he surrounded Sherlock with the rugby team and beat him unconscious." He took a shaky breath before continuing. "I managed to get them away and take Sherlock to the hospital."
John laughed a little. "I'm glad you enjoyed it." He stayed still in Sherlock's arms, just enjoying the closeness in their post-orgasm bliss. When Sherlock mentioned about meeting his father, he couldn't help but think about his own father. Could he ever even introduce Sherlock to his father? And then-
John cast his eyes down, feeling them watering a bit at the praise. "But I feel like I've done so much wrong too. I promised to take care of you, but so much of what I've done has hurt you." He leaned into Sherlock's hand, putting his own over it. "I feel like I've failed you."
Sherlock laughed, "good boy. I should probably let you get some rest, love. We'll see each other tomorrow, right out front," he said and yawned a little.
When they got to Sherlock's room, he closed the door and pushed John against it, pressing his lips to the other boy's. He reached down to grab hold of his boyfriend's arse with one hand, pressing his other one on the door next to John's head. "I have wanted you... all week," he whispered huskily against his lover's mouth.
John grinned up at Sherlock and licked his lips. "More like anytime," he said and wrapped his arms around his fiance.
John sighed and laid back as he waited for Sherlock to return. His hand was still covered in his own cum and there was some on his stomach as well. He was glad Sherlock was at least able to get up because he was certainly not moving for a good twelve hours at least.
Sherlock panted and laughed, "yeah... Shit, I think I'll need to wash my sheets again." He removed his fingers from his arse and wiped them dry on the bed so he could grab his phone. "Wow... we'll definitely have to do that again sometime," he breathed and let his head fall back on the pillow.
John smirked and took the offered arm, kissing Sherlock on the cheek. "Happy Birthday, love," he said and handed the gift over to him.
"Oh, fuck, Sherlock..." He put a hand out to Sherlock's bedside table, searching without turning for the condoms because he couldn't take his eyes off of the other boy. Finally he found the box, grabbed one, and ripped it open, whimpering as he rolled it on.
Sherlock watched as John gave attention to his wound and ran his fingers through his lover's hair. Maybe John was right, Moran had never loved anyone before and it may have driven him to take it away from someone who had. "I think you may be onto something," he murmured, "I know how jealous and heartbroken I was before I met you. I was so alone and it made me so angry sometimes. Maybe instead of drugs, Moran used violence as an outlet."
He winced and scrambled to the far corner of the bed, sitting against the headboard and pulling his knees up to his chest. "Sorry... I'm so sorry..." he mumbled and kept repeating it over and over. He buried his face, escaping to his mind palace again to avoid the pain, only this time it wasn't physical pain he was experiencing.
John bobbed his head fast, groaning and swallowing around Sherlock to add to the effect. His finger thrust in further and curled, looking for his lover's prostate. When he found it, he rubbed the tip of his finger over it, even though he risked Sherlock screaming.
About halfway through the film, Sherlock got an idea. He took a piece of popcorn and held it in front of John's mouth, smiling at him. "Open up," he said softly.
Sherlock sighed, "Sebastian Moran's trial is coming up soon... the lawyer that's representing us says we have to testify." He frowned and stroked the back of his fingers down John's cheek before moving both his hands behind him and clasping them together around his waist. "My father said he could try to find a way around it, but..." Sherlock shook his head, "the lawyer said it would really help our case if we were able to take the stand."
"It's probably because of them being so long too," Sherlock said and smirked. He followed John to the hot tub and sat down in the water, settling his fiancé between his legs and starting to massage his shoulders.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and stroked his back. "Maybe someday I won't have to," he said softly, leaning his cheek in Sherlock's hair. Just then he got an idea, and he turned to look at the flowers beside him. Picking a handful, he started stringing the stems together. It was something Harry had taught him once. When he was finished, he had made a crown of flowers and placed it on Sherlock's head with a smile.
He raised his head a bit more and continued. "I managed to get the team away from Sherlock and then carried him out of the school."
Once John had left, Sherlock pulled out his mobile and dialed, "Hello, Mycroft? Yes... I think we'll be needing to follow through on that favour. I'll let you know for sure this evening." He hung up the phone and sighed, praying that for once he wasn't right.
Sherlock swallowed thickly and bit back tears at the memory. He was scared then, too. Terrified that he would never get to see John again, that he'd left him for some girl. But he knew better now, John would never leave him.
"Hey... you have nothing to worry about, okay? Everyone that will be at the party have no reason to mock you. If they do, I'll stand up for you." He smiled reassuringly at his fiance and poured the champagne, putting the cork back in and setting the bottle aside before taking one of the glasses from John.
Sherlock smiled up at the other man and pulled him in by the back of his head for a loving kiss. "Make love to me, husband of mine," he whispered. He leaned in to lock their lips together again, sighing happily as their tongues collided.
Sherlock felt his heart pounding, wanting so very badly to take things farther but he didn't want to hurt John. He got an idea and pressed forward until John was laying on his back. He released his boyfriend's lips and pulled away far enough to look into his eyes. "I want to try something... Will you let me?" he whispered and searched John's face.
John blushed a little and scratched the back of his neck. That was something he was going to have to get used to. He grinned as Sherlock kissed him, and gave him one back before stepping into his first class of the day.
As Sherlock spoke John couldn't help but smile. He always knew just what to say. When he was finished he hugged Sherlock tightly. "Thank you." He pressed his face into his fiancé's neck. "But please don't tickle me."
John paused for a moment, remembering yet another thing he had done that would be considered provoking. He tried to make an apologetic look as he locked eyes with Ms. Rodin again. "I fell over and as he was walking away, I grabbed his ankle and made him fall on his face..."
John looked up at Sherlock and sighed. He could read him so easily. "I know you will. I just..." He bit his lip before continuing. "I won't feel like I belong there. It's a totally different world from what I'm used to, and I feel like I'll stick out like a sore thumb." He looked down into his champagne, watching the tiny bubbles rise to the surface and pop.
Sherlock turned on his side to face John and wrapped his arms around him, pulling him close and kissing him on the neck, inhaling the scent of himself and the other boy mingled together. He pulled back and smiled at John, reaching up to brush his hair away from his forehead. "Any ideas as to what you'd like to do tomorrow?"
A cheeky grin passed over John's face. It was too easy. "Are you sure?" he asked, feigning innocence. He put a hand on Sherlock's knee and slid it up his thigh, torturously slowly. "You seem a bit...flustered." John's hand stopped right where Sherlock's leg met his hip. He licked his lips and his tongue flicked against his fiancé's ear.
John heard a knock at the door and went to open it, finding a man standing with a garment bag. "Um, hello?"
"Well... let me start by explaining how I knew what happened without John telling me," he looked back and forth between John and his father and smiled nervously. "Back when John was in the hospital, you, Mr. Watson, left the room for a phone conversation. You seemed rather distraught and because you don't know anyone in London yet besides your boss and co-workers, I could only guess it had to be involving work."
John flushed a little as Sherlock's piercing eyes studied him, and it only increased at the shower of kisses. Finally John grabbed his face. "Sherlock..." He giggled and shook his head. "You're such a sap." He held Sherlock in place, kissing his high cheekbones, his bright blue eyes, his full cupid's bow lips, and every other part of his pale, gorgeous face.
John rolled his eyes. "Please. You're gorgeous, brilliant, sweet and loving. I don't even think amazing covers it, but it's all I've got." He finished shampooing Sherlock and tipped his head back to rinse. "You just told me yesterday not to be down on myself, so don't you get down on yourself. You're the most incredible person I know."
Sherlock let another moan out and whimpered. "Please, John... Need to feel you... Please," he whined, unable to speak in complete sentences. He decided to show John what he meant and reached down to start undoing his boyfriend's trousers with shaking hands.
Sherlock smiled gratefully at John and clinked their glasses together. He raised his glass to his lips and taking a sip. The driver turned to let them know they would be arriving soon and Sherlock took another drink and sat his glass in the holder in front of him. "Ready?" he said and smiled at John, grasping his hand and squeezing.
John took a deep breath, Sherlock's support appreciated. "I had stayed over at Sherlock's and we had just woken up," he started, closing his eyes. "We were about to take a shower when Sebastian showed up. I don't even know how he got in the house, but he was holding a gun." John swallowed. It had been the worst day of his life, and it was painful to remember.
Sherlock hummed and pressed his tongue more firmly against the puckered muscle. He slid his tongue across it a couple more times before stiffening his tongue and poking just the tip inside.
Sherlock smiled and pulled John closer until they were flush against each other, "Mmm... only because you make me that way. You bring out the best in me, love," he murmured and kissed John softly again.
After several minutes, Ms. Rodin approached them, "boys... the judge has decided on a verdict. Whenever you're ready..." She bit her lip and walked back to the table where they were sitting before.
John blinked in surprise as Sherlock fell over, and was confused by the sudden look of terror on his face. But at his words, he knew that he must have said something to accidentally set off his fiance. And it wasn't hard to figure out what. "Shit," he muttered, taking off after Sherlock. "Sherlock, stop!"
Sherlock looked up when he heard John and swallowed thickly at the sight of him. He stood and walked slowly over to the other boy. "Wow... You look... Mmm," he breathed and wrapped his arms around his fiance's waist. "I should pick your outfits more often," he murmured and leaned down to kiss John's jaw.
Sherlock grinned and leaned down to give John the most passionate kiss he'd ever given, trying his best to steal the breath from him. When he pulled back, he rested their foreheads together and a few tears escaped his eyes. "Thank you," he whispered.
Sherlock leaned down and pressed a kiss to John's lower back before finally pushing himself in. He threw his head back and groaned at the tight heat. "God... You feel so good around my cock," he breathed.
John grinned, following him out to his room. He opened his closet, looking for something that Sherlock might fit into. But most of his clothes were made for someone shorter and pudgier. "Maybe we should have planned this better. Although, I do like the idea of you walking around my flat with no clothes on."
"I was hoping I could find another job before I had to tell you, but nothing seems to be working. I didn't want to upset you." Finally he looked at John and put his hand on his son's shoulder. "Look, John, you know that with that job we were merely scraping by. Now...I don't think we'll be able to stay here."
Sherlock pulled back and smiled at John, "I want to show you around the house," he said and stood, taking his fiance's hand. He led him down the hall and into a side room with a billiards table in the center of it. "This... is the game room." He pointed over to the corner, "mum insisted on installing those arcade games even though neither me or Mycroft were remotely interested."
The smile quickly dropped from Moran's face and he furrowed his brow in anger at John, "Fine. Whatever," he retorted and spit in Sherlock's direction before turning to walk away. "Later, freak... C'mon boys, let's go." He walked away with his fists clenched at his sides and the other players followed. Meanwhile, Sherlock was running through the periodic table in his mind for the fourth time, shaking and waiting for the next punch or kick to come.
"Start moving your fingers faster... Tighten your grip on your cock," Sherlock murmured against John's skin. His eyes were riveted downwards, watching his lover's cock slide in and out of his own hand and his finger working in and out of his arse.
John flushed but a smirk graced his lips. "It's hard not to when I have such a sexy boy touching me." He laughed a little at Sherlock's face. "The bathroom is down the hall on the right side if you want to wash your hands." Not that he really wanted Sherlock to leave the bed but he supposed he could live without him for a few seconds.
John thought that Sherlock's house was out of surprises, but he found himself wrong. He'd never even noticed the door at the back of the closet before. With a raised eyebrow, he followed his boyfriend through the opening, feeling a bit like he was about to wind up in Narnia or something.
Sherlock decided to dive right in, he'd never been afraid to open up to John before. He took a deep breath, "I used to do drugs. Cocaine... mostly." He shook his head in shame and frowned, "the bullying from Sebastian that you witnessed is nothing compared to what I had to endure in the past. They would corner me in the showers after gym and..."
John let Sherlock set him in place, tossing his head back with a moan as he was penetrated. But once he had reached the hilt of his lover, he took over, starting to rock his hips and clench his arse around him. "Oh, God yes...You feel so good, Sherlock..."
John happily snuggled with Sherlock, gazing into his face as they lay together. He tilted his head a little seeing in his face that whatever Sherlock was about to tell him was serious. "Alright. What is it?" he asked. He tried not to worry or anything, because he didn't know yet whether this was good or bad news.
Sherlock took his boyfriend's hand and helped him out of the hospital and to the car. When they got there, Mycroft opened the door for them before getting into the driver's seat. "Where am I taking you, John?" he asked, smiling back at him in the rear view mirror.
Sherlock sighed, "he said 'I know what you're trying to do. You're trying to make John a freak like you.' and he told me that I better back off."
John's back arched and he let out a louder moan, the dual sensations of Sherlock's fingers and lips driving him crazy. He dragged his hands over Sherlock's back, leaving nail marks in their wake.
John watched, enjoying the slow reveal of his lover's body. When he was finally bare, John stepped forward and walked him backwards, pushing him onto the bed. "Lift your arms, love," he said, and once Sherlock had done so, he tied each wrist with a scarf. He kept it loose enough for him to pull out if he really needed to, but tight enough that it wouldn't be too easy. Then he tied up Sherlock's ankles the same and straddled him.
John gasped as he felt Sherlock's heat filling him. He couldn't hold himself up any longer and his arms spread out to either side as Sherlock came down on him. He very well could have fallen asleep just like that, but then Sherlock moved off of him and he was cold. He forced himself to roll over and scooted towards his lover. "I agree. If we keep going like this, in a few years we'll wind up waking the whole street when we do this."
Sherlock closed his eyes and heaved in lungfuls of air. When he got enough energy back, he wrapped his arms around his lover and turned his head to kiss his temple. "You are so amazing... so good to me," he murmured.
"Yes... That's right, love." Sherlock reached his hand up to the back of his lover's head, twining his fingers into the hair there. "Take your other hand and rub your finger behind your balls. Don't touch your arsehole yet, not until I tell you to."
Sherlock winced a little as the paper towel grazed his nose, still sensitive to any sort of touch. "Ah, I, um... caught Sebastian cheating on an exam earlier this week and threatened to tell the professor... He didn't take too kindly to my observations, he rarely does. I should have known better than to provoke him, especially after last time..." Sherlock bit his lip and looked away, remembering how bad of shape he ended up in last time Moran had decided to 'teach him a lesson'.
"I'm so glad to have you as part of our family now, John. I knew from the moment I saw you that you would become someone very special to my boy," Mrs. Holmes said. Tears came to her eyes as she spoke and she hugged John and kissed him on the cheek before walking away.
John tilted his head, pretending to think about it. "Hmm...spend all day in bed with my fiance, or go to school and have to sit through lessons when all I want to do is kiss you all over. Tough choice."
"Oh God, yes..." Sherlock moaned out and bucked his hips down again. His cock was still steadily leaking pre-cum and he whimpered as he felt his lover's tongue probe him. "
Sherlock grinned up at his lover, "Hmm... I wonder what we can do to occupy our time?" There was a sparkle of mischief in his eye as he looked John up and down.
John grumbled about not being that short, but smiled for the picture as they cut the cake up for the guests. When he got his piece, he scooped some icing off of it and dabbed it on Sherlock's nose. With a mischievous grin, he leaned in to lick it off.
John was nearly asleep again when he felt a bit of moisture fall into his hair. And unless Sherlock was drooling on him, he could only guess it was his tears. He pulled back and looked up to see that Sherlock was indeed crying, but he couldn't understand why. "Sherlock?" He kissed the tears away and stroked his fingers down one cheek. "What's wrong?"
a virgin... about everything," he blushed and bit his lip. "That would work best for me too, but... I don't know where to start, how to... please you," he breathed. As enthusiastic as he was to continue, Sherlock was a bit nervous, but this was John. John loved him and he would be gentle with him.
"Yeah, I think it would be best if he didn't. That would make for awkward conversation," Sherlock said and chuckled. He turned around so John could wash his front and leaned forward to peck his lover on the lips.
Sherlock groaned and did as John told him, whimpering at the tone of his voice. He apparently had a thing for dirty talk during sex because just hearing his boyfriend was bringing him closer to his climax.
Sherlock smirked and moved closer, putting his mouth next to the other boy's ear. "I want you to stroke yourself... slowly and not too hard," he purred.
Sherlock was still playing his violin when Mycroft burst into his room. "Myc, what the hell?! You're interrupting!" he shouted and scowled at him. "Sherlock, shut up. There's been... a situation at the school. It's John, Sebastian went after him."
John rocked against Sherlock as the kiss became more heated. He let go of Sherlock to started working off his belt, opening his trousers, and pushing down those and his pants. He lifted himself and let the clothes slide to the floor, leaving him completely naked, then pressed in close to Sherlock again.
Sherlock groaned in frustration and glared at his husband out of the corner of his eye. He knew he was going to tease, but had no idea he would be this cruel. "John...
, John..." Sherlock whimpered and held tightly to the other boy. A few more tears fell down his cheeks and he threw his head back, closing his eyes. He focused his entire being on John; his words, his touches... everything.
Sherlock pulled back and smiled softly at John, "I love you." He snuggled closer to the other boy and fell back asleep quickly.
John's father stepped closer and reached over to touch his son's shoulder. "What kind of father would I be if I let one little spat keep me from my son when he's in need?" He gave him a smile. "You and Sherlock have something very special, and I feel terrible that it took for you to be in the hospital for me to realise it. It's going to take a little getting used to, but I do give you my blessing."
This was so different. Not just the physical feeling, because being inside of Sherlock was far different than any bird he'd ever been with. But of course the emotional aspect, the feelings they were sharing just by being this way. And Sherlock's eyes were locked with his, silently communicating all that John needed to know. That had never happened before.
John jumped when Moran's fist whizzed past him and hit the boy in the face. He knelt down next to him as he fell.
John could hear all the other students around them as he kissed Sherlock, but he didn't care. All that mattered was Sherlock and his glorious lips. When Sherlock pulled back and took his hand, he couldn't help the feeling of excitement going through him. Yes, there would be talk. People always talked. But he was proud of it. He was on the arm of the most beautiful boy in school, and if anyone had a problem with that they could shove it up their arse.
He squeezed Sherlock's hands, breaking the kiss to drop his head down and start sucking on his pale skin again, to finish the mark that he had started.
"Oh really? I look forward to reading it," Sherlock said and swam close to John. He splashed the other boy in the face before swimming off into the deep end, laughing.
Sherlock chuckled and sprawled out next to John, "yes, it is quite nice, isn't it? You can spend the night... that is, if you want to... I'm not... pushing you or anything," he ended up mumbling half the sentence, suddenly shy again and a blush finding its way across his cheeks. He turned on his side, propping his head up on his hand and smiled down at John nervously.
Sherlock's jaw clenched as he watched the scene before him unfold. His heart broke at the look on John's face as he walked out the door and he turned back to Mr. Watson.
Sherlock moaned at the new angle and clutched tightly to his lover's back, dragging his nails across his skin. "John... Oh God,
John's chest warmed at Sherlock's words, and he hugged him back just as tightly. But at the end he shook his head. "Come on, Sherlock. I'm nothing that special. I get B's in most of my classes. I'm short. I'm blonde and blue-eyed, a common combination. I don't have any special talents or skills. I'm just average. But you, Sherlock...God, I mean, I'm the lucky one here. You're so special, so unique and different. You're gorgeous, dark hair and blue or green or whatever colour eyes that you have. They change, you know, I can't keep up with them. And you're tall and sexy, and you're so brilliant. You're a treasure, a real diamond in the rough. I'm just the lucky one that found you first."
John let himself be turned, whimpering softly at Sherlock's words. "Yes, please...I want to watch it happen..." Actually he wasn't sure how this was going to be. He didn't know how he looked during sex, but he hoped that he didn't look silly or he was going to be self-conscious from then on.
He knocked on the door and was shown to the backyard where he was told Sherlock had gone. John knew immediately he must be in the clearing and he walked through the woods, finding Sherlock asleep amongst the flowers. With the bouquet behind his back, John got down on his knees and kissed him.
Sherlock held John tightly and kissed him on the top of the head, "it's okay, love." He pulled back and cupped his boyfriend's cheek, "do you want to talk about it?" he asked softly.
But even while basking in the humiliation of the rugby team being taken out by one short boy, he couldn't stop thinking about Sherlock. He would do whatever it took to make him feel better, he knew that much.
Sherlock beamed at John and after he was done getting his hair rinsed he leaned down and gave his fiancé a heartfelt kiss. "Thank you, love. That means a lot coming from someone as wonderful as you."
John got shivers down his spine and flushed again as Sherlock's lips found his neck. He brought his hands back up, bringing them up to Sherlock's hair and threading through his curls. He gently massaged his fiance's scalp, knowing that it would feel good in his sensitive skin.
Sherlock sighed in relief, "Good... that's good." He pulled John closer to him so their fronts were pressed together. "I love you, John. I'm so glad that you're safe."
Sherlock was silent for a moment, thinking before he spoke. "Yeah... I think so. As long as you and dad are there with me. He already knows I won't testify unless it's absolutely necessary."
John nodded. "I'll let Mary know. I don't even know half the people that were at that party, but she will." He just hoped that she would be able to tell everyone. Though maybe most of them wouldn't remember anyway because they were so sloshed.
Sherlock frowned when he heard what John said, but felt marginally better when he said that he loved him no matter what. Irene smirked, "interesting..." she looked back and forth between the two boys and walked off, swaying her hips a little.
Ms. Rodin cleared her throat and brought a hand up to wipe her eyes before she started to speak again, "So he forced you to perform oral sex on him." Sherlock nodded and hung his head, tears dripping down onto his lap. "No further questions, your honour," she said and sat back down.
Sherlock grabbed John's hand and twined their fingers together. He smiled over at his husband and brought their joined hands up to his lips to place a kiss on the back of the other man's. "I love you," he said and squeezed John's hand.
He had gone to the store and picked something that he really hoped that Sherlock would like. On Friday, John went home after school to try to find something decent to wear that night.
John kissed him back and shrugged. "I didn't want to wake you up." He looked up and cupped Sherlock's cheek. "But you had them too?"
John was stuck between moaning and crying as he absorbed everything that Sherlock was doing to him. At those last few words, he finally climaxed, hips jerking wildly as he screamed his lover's name.
He pushed his way through the crowd, feeling one person try and grab his arse. He turned and frowned at the girl in question who was nursing some sort of fruity drink and she smiled at him seductively. "Some moves you got there, love... Care to dance with me?"
Sherlock's mother burst through the door with her husband and ran to John's side. "John! Oh thank god you're all right," She sighed and hugged him close, tears streaming down her face. "It's going to be okay... Sherlock's a fighter, I know that much about my boy," she said with guilt and a hint of pain in her voice.
John smiled faintly. "Do you even have to ask?" He paused for a moment before asking, "Are you ready? The lawyer is probably going to push you to testify." He was sure Sherlock's father would stay there with them to make sure the lawyer didn't pressure them, but lawyers could be conniving.
John added a second finger, scissoring to stretch, and then added a third. He thrust them a few times, making Sherlock was well prepared before pulling out. He took the lube and slathered his cock with it, moving to hover over Sherlock. He pushed in slowly, enjoying the tight heat of his lover.
When they reached the clearing, he moved to be behind John, keeping his hands over his eyes. Sherlock leaned in and whispered, "open your eyes," and moved his hands away, wrapping his arms around the other boy's waist.
Sherlock closed his eyes as he played, imagining the two of them dancing at their wedding, dressed in matching tuxedos. He let the music swell and allowed all his feelings to pour into the music, continuing the song far past what he had originally written. John was such an inspiration.
John let his head fall back as Sherlock's words went straight to his groin. He started to grind against his lover, slowly, only to get a little friction as he was pretty much rock hard at this point. God, they needed to just get home already.
Sherlock scooped John up in his arms and carried him over to the bed, laying him down gently. He straddled his lover's hips and took his own shirt off. Then he leaned down and started placing kisses on his fiancé's torso again.
"Mmm, well I'm really not. But I do have a tendency to spout off deductions that leave people rather upset with me." Sherlock craned his head back To give John more skin to kiss. "That's why I normally don't deduce people... I was so afraid that even though you asked for me to deduce you, that you would call me a freak like all the others." Sherlock turned his head back down to look the other boy in the eyes and lifted his hand to stroke his cheek, "I'm so glad I was wrong," he murmured.
John grinned back at them. "I always sleep well when I'm here," he said with a quick glance at his fiance. "Good morning to you too."
John licked his lips when Sherlock turned around with his hand on his cock. He leaned in close, lips to Sherlock's ear again, and took his own length in hand, starting to stroke. "The best part about teasing you is watching as you slowly lose control," he whispered to his lover. "You try and try, but you just can't resist me."
Sherlock bit his lip, "Well... There is a way." He shifted and reached behind him, digging around in his bedside table. "I was going to wait to do this," he started and grabbed what he was looking for. He shut the drawer and turned back to John. "But in light of recent events... I really can't think of a better time." Sherlock's hands were shaking as he handed John the small box in his hand. He smiled nervously at his boyfriend, heart pounding.
He tossed and turned before sighing and getting out of bed, putting on some shoes and after waiting long enough that John and Mycroft were probably gone, he walked outside and out to the clearing to spend the day. He couldn't stay in his room, there was too much on his mind.
John pumped his finger a bit, then added a second. "I love you, too, Sherlock. More than anything." He scissored his fingers a bit, stretching him out.
John moaned and kissed Sherlock harder, using a mix of teeth and tongue to try pleasure his mouth as well as the rest of him. He curled his fingers and twisted them, searching for Sherlock's prostate, while his other fingers circled outside. He pulled away from the kiss to breathe, only to move to Sherlock's neck seconds later and start sucking hard.
The sound of a gunshot rang throughout the hallway and Sherlock felt a sharp pain in his side as he collapsed on the ground. Sebastian's eyes got wide at the sight of blood and he dropped the gun before running away.
, John. I can't help but observe everything about everyone around me and it causes people to run away from me. I don't want to die alone, but I know there's a very good chance of that happening because I know no one could ever love me." Sherlock closed his eyes, trying to calm himself. He didn't want to cry in front of John, he hated showing any kind of weakness. It made him feel vulnerable.
Sherlock grinned and held John close, running his fingers through his hair, trying to soothe him to sleep. He went to sleep shortly after, smile still on his face.
John returned the kiss with a smile. Everything would be fine. He would protect Sherlock from having to relive those memories and make sure that Moran never touched him again.
John squirmed, the feeling of the kisses translating badly into his dream as slaps to the face. His hands scrambled to grab onto something but he they waved in the air, unable to find Sherlock.
"I pushed Sherlock behind me, and Sebastian started shouting that we had ruined his life. He had been expelled and lost a scholarship because of the attack on me," he explained. "I...I tried to reason with him but...he pulled the trigger and..." John's eyes filled with tears, but he kept going. He needed to keep going. "Sherlock pushed me out of the way," he said, voice high pitched. He turned into his fiance's shoulder.
"Oh, shit! I forgot to call my father yesterday and I never came home." He sat up and went to grab his mobile, but then he realized that he hadn't answered Sherlock. "I'd love to meet your father, Sherlock. Before I go home." He smiled at him broadly even though he was a bit nervous.
He was silent for a few moments before he spoke again. "I am not sure of your intentions, so forgive me if I've come off as a bit callous. I do care for my brother as much as he likes to pretend otherwise. I was here by his side the last time he ended up like this. All I need to know is that you will take care of my brother. That you will be there for him as long as he needs you to be, which may very well be the rest of his life." Mycroft finished his speech and looked at John, awaiting his response.
Sherlock closed his eyes, a few tears falling and he sighed raggedly. "I'm so sorry for not telling you," he whispered.
John was so caught up in Sherlock that he had almost forgotten that his father was there. He looked at him and then at what he was staring at, and he flushed. "Oh. Um...Sh-Sherlock gave it to me..."
"Do we have to get up?" John whined. "I'm nice and comfy here with you." He tightened his grip on Sherlock, pulling him down so they were pressed flush together.
He picked him up and cradled him in his arms. "Hang on, love. I'm calling for help." He quickly dialed for an ambulance and shouted the address before tossing his phone. "Stay with me, Sherlock, listen to me." He was crying, hysterically crying, but he barely noticed. All he could see was Sherlock and so much blood...
Sherlock reached up and ran his fingers through John's hair, leaning in to tangle their tongues together. He kept rolling his hips in a steady rhythm as they kissed. The feeling of being connected to his lover this way was simply wonderful and he whimpered as he moved.
John cried out when his lover's cock was pressed to his and he bucked into Sherlock's hand. He scratched down Sherlock's back, leaving red trails in the pale skin, and buried his face in his fiance's neck.
He pulled away just far enough to breathe, panting out against his lover's lips as he thrust in and out. The love and tenderness in this particular bout of lovemaking brought tears to Sherlock's eyes and he whimpered every so often as John's cock hit his prostate.
John looked at Sherlock in question when he came back from saying what he was saying to Mycroft, but it was wiped away when Sherlock kissed him. He reached up to put his hand on the back of Sherlock's head. "Of course. I wasn't about to leave you behind," he said with a wink. As if he had any control over it.
Sherlock hummed in agreement and brought their lips together again. He scooted back on the bed until his back hit the headboard. "You're so beautiful," he whispered against his lover's lips and slid his hands down the other boy's sides.
Sunday went by a lot slower than Sherlock would have liked. He was forced to attend a brunch his parents set up for a few of their more prominent friends and he snuck texts to John under the table throughout the afternoon of his deductions about the guests. Things ranging from the fact that the new prime minister was trying to quit smoking to the fact that one of the men had been having an affair on his wife for a little over 2 years, but was oblivious that she was cheating on him with his boss.
He removed the rest of their clothing and pushed John back until he was laid out flat on the bed, still kissing him. He grabbed onto his boyfriend's waist and slowly rocked his hips forward, grinding them together.
John groaned as Sherlock's hands passed over his aching arousal. As soon as Sherlock had turned around, he pressed in behind him, wrapping his arms around the other boy's waist to undo his trousers. He slid them down his legs with teasing slowness, followed by his pants, until they were both stark naked.
Sherlock groaned into John's mouth as he felt his lover's hands roaming his body. He was being so gentle, so loving... It was just amazing how much John cared for him and tears came to his eyes.
"Ms. Rodin?" Helen looked up and saw the usher standing at the door. "Yes?" She said and stood. "The judge would like to speak with you and Mr. Tabling." Helen looked over to the boys, "I'll be right back," she said before walking out the door with the usher.
John looked over to his father who just smiled, knowing he probably wouldn't be home if he went with Sherlock. "Make sure you two are safe," he said. "That's the most important thing."
Sherlock pulled away and sighed, "I can't wait to be married to you. I want the world to know you're mine forever," he said and ran his thumb across John's cheek.
Sherlock blushed deeper when John ruffled his hair, but leaned into the touch. Having a sensitive scalp wasn't all bad, after all. "Ah, yes... Mum has always been very affectionate. Dad not so much and Mycroft... well, let's just say the most contact I've had with him is a handshake." He sighed and leaned his head on John's shoulder, "rub my head again?" he asked and smiled sweetly up at him.
Sherlock led John through the doors and to a long table at the far end of the dining hall. He smiled at all the people that stopped them on their way to wish him a happy birthday and shook their hands, introducing John to all of them. When they finally made it to the table, he pulled out the chair for his fiancé and took a seat next to him.
John looked over to Sherlock when he heard him choking, and then followed his gaze. There near the door was a girl, rather pale with dark hair done up in a bun and wearing a ruby-red dress that looked almost like it was painted on her skin. He knew instantly that that must have been Irene. With a scowl, he wrapped an arm around Sherlock's waist, grip tight on his hip.
John's head shot up, eyes wide. "He's..." Did he dare to hope? Did he let himself start to mend with such a terrible chance of breaking again? He felt his lip trembling, but he held steady now. Mr. Holmes was right. Sherlock needed him, from now to the bitter end. "Thank you," he said softly before getting up and running out to catch the ambulance.
John shrugged. "Why wouldn't I be? I really don't care about what other people think." He leant into Sherlock's touch and looked back into those incredible eyes. "Do you want to keep it a secret?" he asked softly. He would rather not hide it, but whatever Sherlock decided, he would do.
Sherlock sighed, "I didn't tell you because I didn't want a fuss being made... But obviously that's exactly what's going to happen." He groaned again and buried his face in a pillow.
Sherlock helped John as they stepped out of the limo and took his arm. He walked them up to the door and placed his hand on the small of his back as they walked into the reception area. He saw his parents right away and his mother walked over, beaming at them.
John watched Sherlock as he spoke, unable to imagine what it might have been like to grow up in the Holmes family. He was a very lucky boy, John knew that much. But he felt bad that Sherlock hadn't had any friends. Even if he couldn't make friends at school, John would have thought that the wealthy friends of his parents might have had children his age. In another way, he was sort of glad. Had Sherlock already had friends, they probably wouldn't have ever met. When Sherlock was finished, John's lips formed a half-smile. "To be perfectly honest, if I knew that you were so wealthy, I might have been afraid to approach you myself. I mean, I'm pretty much the complete opposite of you." With a sigh, John decided to tell his own story. This was really nice, talking with Sherlock. All his 'friends' at school only ever wanted to talk about girls and sex and sports. At least Sherlock seemed capable of other forms of conversation. "My mother left us close to seven years ago now because, um...Well, my sister Harry sort of revealed to us that she is a lesbian, and mum didn't really like that. But da wouldn't let mum kick her out, so she left instead. That's when things started to get hard. Harry was just about to go to college and my father put most of his savings towards that. We've been scraping by ever since. That's why da wanted us to move to the city because we could get a smaller place to live and he could find more work." John flushed a little, keeping his eyes on the ceiling towards the end.
Sherlock led them to his father's office where he was waiting with Ms. Rodin again. She greeted them and they took a seat at the table.
As his lover pushed in, Sherlock threw his head back and groaned. Once he was able to open his eyes, he tilted his head forward and looked up into John's eyes. He lifted a hand to his cheek and smiled. "I love you so much, John," he murmured softly and pulled him down for a slow, loving kiss.
"Now," Ms. Rodin said, setting down the papers, "did you think of anything else you may have left out? Sherlock?" Sherlock shook his head and Helen looked back at the other boy. "John? What about you? Any details you may have left out before? Anything at all, no matter how small."
"All right, Sherlock... You can do this," he muttered to his reflection. He took a deep breath and prepared to walk down the aisle.
John couldn't be so easily reassured by Sherlock's words this time. After all his promises to protect him, when he needed to do his best, he made things worse. He hugged Sherlock back and kept his face buried in his fiance's neck, feeling like he didn't deserve his praise or love right now.
Sherlock moaned softly as he came closer and closer to the edge. One final thrust into his prostate brought him hurtling over and he came with a loud gasp. For a moment, Sherlock felt as if their very souls were one, colliding as he came down from his orgasmic high.
By the time Sherlock finished humming the song, Mycroft had re-entered the room. He looked up at his older brother, "did you ask him?" he said softly, trying not to wake John. Mycroft nodded, "and?..." Sherlock said, looking at him expectantly. Mycroft cracked a small grin, "He said he'd take care of it, if it came to that."
"Sherlock..." John leaned over into his side and grabbed his empty hand with his own. "I'm sure that there are at least some people at the party who want to be there for you. But I'm very glad that I can make you feel like you belong." He tilted his head up to kiss under Sherlock's jaw, feeling better. "Thank you. You always know just what to say." Sitting up, he raised his glass and smiled at Sherlock. "A toast, to my gorgeous, intelligent, perfect fiance on his eighteenth birthday. May there be many more to come."
John started to rock his hips, wrapping an arm around Sherlock to grab his cock and stroke him. "I..was right," he breathed out, voice husky. "You are so fucking tight." He groaned and his head fell back, started to go harder.
He spent the whole ride home holding John's hand tightly and leaning his head on his boyfriend's shoulder. He almost fell asleep again, but woke once they pulled into the driveway. With John's help, he made it up the stairs and into his room.
Sherlock reached up and rolled John's testicles in his palm as he continued to suck and lick, dipping his tongue into John's slit and working him as fast as he could, trying to bring him closer to climax.
Sherlock squeezed John's hand and smiled, "Good." He led them down to the dining hall where breakfast was waiting. His mother and father were sitting at the table eating. "Good morning, boys! I trust you slept well?" Mrs. Holmes greeted them and smiled.
John smiled, leaning back against Sherlock. He was glad for the support as this was the first time he'd talked about it with anyone. Even when with his father they tried to avoid the subject. "Well...Harry is ten years older than me, so I was pretty young when a lot of this happened. I don't remember every single detail perfectly."
John kissed Sherlock back, figuring that he had won over him and could stay. As Sherlock's hands moved down he half-expected him to start touching him. But then he was being tickled and he squeaked before laughing uncontrollably and squirming. "Ah, Sher-Sherlock! Stop!" He laughed and rolled away, falling onto the floor. "Ok, alright. I'm up, you git." He chuckled softly as he caught his breath, standing and brushing himself off.
John turned to Sherlock and smirked before opening his mouth and taking in the piece of popcorn. He let his tongue swipe over Sherlock's fingers, licking off the butter and salt and pulling off them with a pop.
"What happened next, was Sherlock still yelling out for you?" Helen asked. She was feeling a little emotional as well, because she knew what had happened from John telling it before, but the judge needed to hear all the details.
Sherlock pulled back, taking John's hand and squeezing it before they got into the car. He kept a hand at the small of the other boy's back as they walked towards the house and led them up the stairs to his father's office.
John nodded. "That's okay. Mycroft and I have an understanding," he said with a faint smile. He squeezed Sherlock's hand and they passed through the house out to his bike. "Maybe if things go well, my da could come to dinner. Meet the in-laws sort of thing." John blushed a little after saying that. At the rate they were going they would definitely be getting married at some point. He smiled and climbed on the bike, making room for Sherlock behind.
Sherlock moaned softly into the kiss and briefly darted his tongue out to caress inside of John's mouth before retreating, still unsure of himself. His hand migrated from John's hip to the small of his back and pulled him even closer, their bodies now flush against each other from head to toe. Sherlock hooked his leg around the other boy's and groaned, his eyes rolling to the back of his head from the pleasure of the contact.
John made his way inside, leading Sherlock down the hall to the left where the bedrooms were. He opened his bedroom door and went in. It was a small room, not much besides a bed and bookshelf. There was also a small nightstand and a closet, which made up the rest of the space. John turned to look at Sherlock and shrugged half-heartedly. "Well, here it is."
"All rise for Judge Riddle!" Everyone stood and Sherlock grabbed tightly to John's hand, twining their fingers together. He couldn't believe
Sherlock raised a hand and traced the outline of John's face with his fingers. "I think we'll both sleep rather well tonight, don't you?" He grinned at his lover and rested his hand on his bare hip.
Sherlock nodded, "I, um... I haven't had time to really prepare a... a speech or anything, but," he took the ring out of the box, a simple gold band, and held it up. "I... love you, very much," he smiled at his boyfriend nervously, "and I want to spend the rest of my life loving you. I don't care who doesn't accept us, I don't care what other people will think. All I care about... is right here in front of me. John Watson... will you marry me?" Sherlock could feel his heart pounding in his chest as he kept his eyes fixed on John's face, waiting for his answer. John's eyes were watering by the end of the speech and he took the ring gently from Sherlock's hand. He slipped it on his finger, a perfect fit, and smiled at him. "How could I ever say no to you?" He threw his arms around Sherlock's neck and kissed him firmly. He pulled back and stared into Sherlock's bright blue eyes. "I love you so much. I never thought that I could fall in love so quickly with someone, but like you said, you are the other half of me. Whether we met now, twenty years from now, or ten years earlier I know that things would have been the same. And I cannot imagine ever being apart from you."
Sherlock cupped John's cheek, "You do enough by just loving me. It amazes me how much you love me. That you would even spend your time with someone as damaged as me." He smiled lovingly at his fiancé as tears reached his eyes.
John made a soft sound as Sherlock moved to straddle him. For someone who had recently been beaten by a team of burly teenagers, he was in good shape. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock's neck, holding him close even as they both gasped for air. He looked up into Sherlock's face and he could read it, the desire. He could also feel it poking against his own. Were they ready for this? They did love each other. It wasn't meaningless...
Sherlock smirked and turned to press a kiss to John's forehead, "you know you love it, though," he murmured. He eased John's trousers open and slipped his hand inside, wrapping his fingers around him. His hand was still stroking through the other man's pants, and he was using just enough pressure to tease.
John kissed Sherlock back, holding him close and rocking his hips up gently to meet his lover's thrusts. He marveled still at how amazing it felt to share in this physical expression of their love. Only Sherlock could ever make him feel this way, and that was how he would always want it.
John moaned immediately at Sherlock's roughness and threw his arms around the other boy's neck. His mouth fell open obediently and he let Sherlock do with him what he would, tangling one hand into those luscious curls.
