So, Steve leans in, and plants a chaste one on Tony’s chapped lips. This is how go-for-it feels like? Steve much prefers this over the bitter aftertaste of regrets. And Tony begins to grin, his
But, Steve still looks crushed. He rests his palm over Tony’s heart, and reassures himself with each strong, rhythmic pump. Warm and pliant under his touch, so different from the cold, hard steel of the arc reactor.
Steve’s chapped lips burn against his skin. His shirt is a day’s old and doesn’t smell like fabric softener anymore. It still gets in the way, and Steve growls when he can’t access more than he should like. It all goes down to Tony’s crotch. He needs a sign. He elbows Steve gently in the ribs. He grits his teeth against the little gasps he would’ve unleased and regretted.
Tony props himself up on an elbow and leans across the edge of his bed to kiss Steve fully on the lips. The curtains are drawn, so it’s dim enough Steve hopes Tony can’t make out the mess he’s made of his face. Lips still locking and nursing the other’s, he climbs onto the bed, and gratefully embraces the warm mass that is Tony.
“The best time for me to gate-crash the party is right before they pop the champagne. Eleven, eleven-thirty?”
“They were coming for you! I didn’t –” Steve’s finger freezes over a ribcage, and Tony takes a deep breath. “Didn’t think. It just happened.” He clears his throat. “Avengers look after each other, right?”
The lack of light is screwing up his mind. Focus! He has Mark 42 bracelet clutching his wrist. He’s heeding Steve’s advice like a good soldier. He’s protected.
“Thank God I caught you. Uh, this is for you.” Agent hands over that cup of coffee, and Tony takes it wordlessly. What is in-character for him to do? Drink it with gratitude? Splash the residual content over the Agent’s sorry face? “I wanna thank you for what you did with the… uh. You know. For working your magic on my account.”
Clint is first to break through the front windows where he lands on the tiles Tony previously warned as loaded. Nothing blows, and Clint is rapidly on the move.
“Tell me to stop, and I will. But if you don’t…” he undoes Steve’s belt buckle and pulls it free from his jeans. “I intend to go to town.”
It gets hotter, and steamier. He blames the shower. Steve pushes himself up against Tony, all kinds of liquid lubricating the friction. Polyester on barren buttocks, hot breaths on ruddy cheeks. He can get used to this. Is this Tony’s reward, or his?
“Don’t worry about it.” Tony wipes his chin with the back of his hand. “I have tissue in the glove box. You want some?”
Steve closes the hefty doors behind him – this time, with a gentle tap instead of a ferocious slam – and slumps against it. He stands there for a whole minute, but AC/DC doesn’t blare from the speakers anymore. Steve leaves the Expo grounds after that, making his lonesome way back to Manhattan, still as burdened as before.
“Do you know what they were doing? Were they trying to get past SHIELD’s firewall, or maybe porn was on –”
“Do what you always do, cover my tracks. Don’t let them have a whiff of my badass trespassing. I won’t be long here.” His screen divides into five separate windows, each reporting different aspects of Insight. “Finance, admin, R&D. Everything’s so neatly bundled. Who are these people? Taxidermists?”
“Yes.” Steve’s glad there’s chatter to fill up the gaps. “I asked him about these secret missions he sent us on. He said, he didn’t want me doing anything I wasn’t comfortable with. Some Agents are comfortable with everything.”
“That’s not what you said about the repulsor engines. If I recall correctly, you gave me an energy bar for a job well done after you signed that contract.”
you, I’m gonna throw money at this issue until it goes away, permanently. After we deal with Briggs and her lackeys. Cross my heart and a couple of blank cheques.”
“Hey, Dad,” he mutters sullenly as he stoops to massage his leg. The flesh is glowing faintly, and he swiftly turns away that his back faces the portraits. Stupid, stupid – there’s no shame in this.
“Yes, Mr Stark. Can’t risk another visit from the Chitauri now, can we? Who knows what else is out there?”
The second time he’s sent cartwheeling through the sky, his flight command goes off for good, and he’s a certified dead stick shooting for the ground. His death-defying screams have nothing on the chaotic rush of air that his body is tearing through. He pulls the lever that’s pressing against his thigh, activating the manual release protocol. His suit folds by the seam and –
“Nice one,” Tony compliments as he nibbles along the shell of Steve’s ear. Curious fingers slip past the waistband, and Steve forcefully holds his pants up. That, or risks mooning the poor soul.
“No, Sir, I understand. I uh,” Gary glances nervously at Steve, evermore an imposing character in the tiny truck. “One word out of my trap and Captain Rogers will personally see to it that it was the last thing I ever said.”
holding unit for said alien tech fifty miles out, and the enemies are evacuating. Nobody is fast enough, hardy enough to intercede, and all manpower are tied to the Cineplex. Steve considers taking the Quinjet down himself when
He admits, there’s no head or tail to his story. One moment, he was scheduled to meet Alexander Pierce for a chat about Fury’s assassination, by the next he’s fleeing the state in a borrowed car.
“We’re uniquely positioned to cornering the immunotherapy market. Our proprietary platform has consistently produced T-cells that are sensitive towards target antigens, and showed extended survival
Steve deepens his kiss as his hand sneaks under Tony’s jacket and worms its way around his waist. His back. Something stirs in his pants. It grows awkwardly tight down there despite the bleached sterility of the hospital. This is as
– dammit. It occurs to him Iron Man is still allowed to call 911 for help. He has his cell phone with him.
The game’s up. It was good while it lasted. Steve gets up, and he retakes Tony’s cock in his hands and pumps. He knows Tony’s close. He knows how Tony always moves a little too sharply, breathes a little too unevenly when he’s close –
About people like him? Tony regulates his breathing to the beeping of Steve’s heart monitor. “Establish limits to control their growth. Curtail unusual activities that aren’t crucial for survival, at least temporarily until we understand this issue better.”
Tony finds it first. He pulls at a hatch beside a desk and hops right in. Steve fetches his shield, leaps in after Tony and closes the door above their head, the shield a second barrier –
Said car is a gorgeous Audi R8 that Tony uses for his billionaire-equivalent of a milk run. It’s also the one Tony loves tinkering with the most. Steve knows the windows have tricks. They’re coated with an experimental nanofiber that turns opaque when electric pulses through them. It’s Tony’s ingenious idea of having his cake and eating it too, by not-quite-flouting traffic regulations on glass tints. Too bad it’s come to bite him back in the ass. Steve intends to fully take advantage of it.
That’s why Tony is here in San Diego on Christmas week, some three thousand miles away from home. Tragic, really. He has exactly one lazy cat waiting for him in his posh penthouse-bachelor pad. Period.
Steve hums into his receiver, and Tony hears paper flapping on Steve’s side. “So, four fifteen is available. Do you want to come by then?”
“Spider, huh? Well, speaking of which, Nat says hey. Her target is doing some really crazy stuff, so her mission is going to take a bit longer.”
“… Still am. If you want to take a swing at me, please avoid the right side of my face? I dislocated my jaw that one time.”
The gap of Tony’s absence is an abyss, never-ending. His presence has been a constant, one Steve has grown accustomed to. The passenger seat grows cold without his heat, and Steve watches Tony walk towards the shed where the keeper is seated, minding his teller machine. He wants to help, too. But, Tony’s right. He’s done. His body weighs a tonne and his eyes won’t stay peeled.
Fury stalks away, leaving them in relative peace and quiet – that is, until Steve marches over to Tony and does
He tears away from the showcase and runs to his car. The mansion is… Tony has no personal attachment to it. But what’s underneath – his personal workshop, his collection of suits, his private servers and data storages – there’s no way Tony wouldn’t come forth for them.
Tony kind of hangs around his car, not wanting to continue working on it, not with all the bangs and clangs. But, Steve pins him where he is with a stare, so that means he’s not to leave the garage unless Fury instructs him to – and he hasn’t. From the tail of his eye, Steve knows this will
With absurd ease, Steve flips Tony around until he’s bracketing the drunken form, all sprawled out on the mat. Not one to give up so easily, Tony braces Steve by his narrow waist and bucks
Steve stops his ministrations, and Tony seems to curl into himself a bit more. “So, payback, huh?” he sighs.
It suddenly becomes clear why SHIELD has taken nil interest in the Mandarin so far, despite their – dare he say – exaggerated coverage on national airwaves. So much hype, yet so little action… because SHIELD –
He closes his eyes when Steve aligns his cock to his, and pumps. Someone’s thumping on the wall – that’s definitely a neighbour’s non-verbal for fuck-quietly-or-else. They’re going to have to do the walk of shame afterwards –
What has he done for Pepper to believe him so completely? As she walks him to the door, he wants to shake her hands, hug her, cherish her, apologise for being such a dick to her and swear he’ll bring something nice for her birthday. Something Jeff Koon. Something like a giant rabbit with boobs. True enough, an hour after that, she circulates a memo – what must be the first of many – announcing the decision amongst the C-suite. He parks himself in his private workshop and eyes the phone for a good five-minute, and after ten has passed, he receives a grand total of
“Yeah, but you’re you. You always heal before they cart you here. I bet I have to patch myself up way more often than you do, and I’m only half as good as you are.” Tony shifts his weight a bit, and Steve stills his hands. “Or, you get your practice by doing this for others. Rumlow must be stoked.”
“Thank God.” Another window smashes, and the shards snow on them. “I was so scared you’d try arresting them or something.”
“That’s different. Those repulsor engines aren’t weapons. They just make things fly more efficiently, and I’m game for anything that helps reduce carbon footprint.
Never mind that Ghost is probably the root of all problems. They can only play with the cards they’re dealt with.
For a guy who just demolished a Bugatti sofa like it was made of foam, a plywood door is toothpick. Tony scoots towards the wall as much as he could, taking care to not detach his chest from the generator. It’s incessant, and the ruckus a death rattle in his skull. Here he is, trapped like a mouse, chained. His life should be flashing before him, anytime now.
“Yeah, he better be. Because I hate to have to murder your friend again.” He checks the closet closest to him for toiletries. “You saw Zola’s video, Steve. I have to do this.”
“A quick analysis on Insight’s security programme indicates that files requiring level four clearance and above are guarded by biometrics. It’s impossible to bypass those with the amount of time we have left.” With that, JARVIS conveniently displays a countdown timer on the top right corner of Tony’s tablet, and it says they have three minutes left before someone picks up their trail.
His words got cut off, he’s falling, and the next thing Steve knows, he has one arm fastened around Tony’s chest, and another holding the crowd off.
lounging by the fridge, elbow-deep in a tub of ice-cream. So, Clint’s back from SHIELD duties, which means he gets immediately placed on the Avengers active roster. That brings up the number of Avengers on stand-by to… three.
That midnight though, SHIELD demands an urgent teleconference with the Avengers because of suspicious electromagnetic activities in a country off the coast of Mediterranean – Sokovia. That’s when the issue gets hairy. SHIELD has no representatives there, and neighbouring allies are reluctant to offer entryway across their borders. Why SHIELD think the Avengers will be of any help is anybody’s guess, Steve thinks darkly as he strokes the “A” printed on the forehead of his cowl.
His fingers hesitate by Tony’s collar, and Tony stirs beneath his weight. He huffs wetly, “I’m tired, Tony.”
It does register to him as weird that this friend of Tony’s hasn’t said a word since. Not even the lamest “Get up!”. And then, and then, and then, the weird alarm in Steve’s head goes off when he arranges his legs to straddle Tony’s thighs, and when Tony starts bucking, muttering something unintelligible – something like “Gerrof me” – but the man still won’t budge. In a desperate attempt of freeing himself, Tony pushes against the man’s chest with buttery arms, urging him to move, and – this is when Steve’s eyebrows shoot past his hairline – the man gathers those wrists and pins them to the ground. Struggling under the weight is futile, and the more Tony fights, the harder he seems to thrust against the man’s pelvis. Their silhouettes leave nothing to imagination – Steve also hears every pant, every moan, every rustle of clothes on clothes as they rub themselves against one another. He flushes, and wonders if there’s another way out in the back. He does
flyer you have on the team who doesn’t go on intergalactic roundtrips every other season. I’m the most flexible unit you have on hand. I have suits catered for every Code Red imaginable – hostage extraction, recon, stealth combat. Deep-sea and volcanic exploration, space traveling? You name it, you have it. So, no, Cap. I’m calling your bluff.”
Face still stuffed, Tony shakes his head, so Steve leaves to foot the bill. The journey back to Tony’s room and Steve’s trolley is remarkably chatter-free. Being stuck in the elevator together – alone – for all of ten seconds feels intoxicating. It’s inexplicable, and Tony is quick to blame his hormone going wackadoo on stress. After he gets fired – it’s inevitable, at this rate – he’s immersing himself in iniquity and rewriting the Kama Sutra for pocket money.
“Even dentists give their kid patients lolly when they behave. Don’t I get one when I play ball with you guys?”
“Come on, Milos,” Tony encourages breathlessly, one knee nudging Milos’ thigh. “What’s your next move?”
They cross the single lane road and make their way to the wrought iron gates. Padlocks the size of their hands and chains as thick as their wrists warn them against trespassing. The signage helps, too, and Steve stares at it unblinkingly, refusing to take a step closer while Tony is already getting friendly with the mechanisms.
Milos lets Tony’s cock go with a wet pop, hungry eyes raking up Tony’s body from between his thighs. “Mr Stark, how do you want to finish?”
“Drop him on the rooftop, he’ll find his way down. He’ll avoid the windows, entrances and exits. You can see the sensors. Guide him.”
He charges into the fray. He doesn’t think it, his legs just moved. He picked up the shield and spots Steve half-slumped against the side of a dented bus. The assassin has his gun trained on Steve’s head –
“Listen, I have a crawler I want to let go. I can use it to index SHIELD’s databases, even make copies of them for our own perusal later. I don’t mean to brag, but I’ve the best optimised crawling strategy and architecture for a hit-and-run. I uh,” he flips the ID hanging from his lanyard and squints, “the lady’s ID says she’s in Accounting, Jesus Christ. You don’t think accountants do database indexing and archiving, do they?”
Two hours of driving sensibly from Manhattan to Flushing Meadows and resisting pulling a Schumacher down I-95, he parks outside of Complex B, next to a dashing Audi R8 with the words “STRK” emblazoned on the plate. He’s on his own from here on out, and if it takes him trying out a thousand doors and windows and turning this building inside out in his manhunt for Anthony Edward Stark, then
Coincidentally, Pepper leaves the Tower earlier that day. When he rings up Bambi at four and invites her to tea, he thinks she sounds a tad reproachful over the phone.
There may be a body to bury. But, there still is a world to protect. It isn’t yet over for the living.
Steve’s eyes narrowed in the dimness as he watches Tony making a fool of himself trying to stand up. “He’s not a friend?”
thing connecting him to Tony. He can’t lose this. “You contacted me in the first place, didn’t you? I can help. I
“Sir, we have satellite footage of an airstrike launched on the Ali Al Salem Air Base forty hours ago.”
Steve’s voice is deep and hypnotising. Tony closes his eyes as the fingers slip past the waistband of his flimsy paper pants. Naughty, but they ease upward again and don’t trespass anymore. Steve drizzles more oil over the thighs, and he works on them. Up and down, up and down, and the oil burns as it did over his sides.
Tony solemnly swears that he is up to no good. That he will not hold back, and he will do his damnest best to bring those Helicarriers down. Amen to the God of everything mechanical. He zips upward like a rocket and tanks all the G’s that would’ve mushed his eyeballs, if he didn’t have Extremis. His nose does bleed, and copper trickles down his throat – minor issues. Still a win.
Welcome to the corporate world, baby. A constant pedal to the metal, running on fumes… it’s not a baggage-friendly lifestyle.
His lungs inflate gratefully with air, as Steve draws back to his full height, already wiping his oil-coated hands with a fresh towel. “We’re done for today. You can schedule for another slot tomorrow or the day after. The front desk will handle the booking.”
Tony watches the scab falls off – completely healed – like the gash never happened before. He looks at Steve, and slowly turns to the window pane where he catches his own reflection.
is a message at all. And Tony relents. He sighs into the touch, well-oiled fingers cradling his balls, as Steve’s other hand rolls his cock against his inner thigh. He even raises his hip helpfully when Steve makes to slide his pants off, fully parading his junk for the first time. Nothing wrong with two willing adults having a little fun.
through the glass panes, defenestration be damned. Extremis is already mending the punctures in his flesh. It’s a meagre three-storey drop onto the balcony, nothing he can’t handle. And God, for a fucking minute he thinks he’s due for a meeting with his maker. He blinks the stardust from his vision, and slowly, reality spins into something more solid – as solid as the tarmac cushioning his battered body. He’s on fire again, pain and him as one.
Not waiting for a reply – not expecting one – he turns the TV on, leans back in his chair and stifles another bout of yawn.
is the calm before the storm, and Tony – for all the resources that he has – has decided what he can do with it. “It’s over, Steve,” he whispers, but he might as well have shouted it, given how stricken Steve looks at the admission. It’s the only sane solution. “This isn’t a fight we can win. HYDRA and SHIELD – they’re different. They’re
Steve sets his food on the table and pads over to Tony’s bed. He notes the minutest tension in those shoulders, and deliberately shuffles across as loudly as he can without making it ominous. A head’s up, so to speak, for his approaching. And Tony settles back into his mattress, his back still steadfastly against Steve.
It’s six o’clock. Is this news? Whoever this geezer is – shooting his mouth off – he sure can rock that goatee and beard. He sits on a throne, his body basking in the shadows.
Tony unzips his jumpsuit fully. The brilliance of his arc reactor goes blissfully unnoticed by the escort. His fully erect cock, already sporting a moisty head lies proudly against his lower abdomen.
“He made that plenty clear.” Tony does need one gadget – his cell phone, which he'd tossed recklessly onto his in-tray on his workbench. “Wonder what SHIELD is up to these days?”
Especially the braking mechanisms. I fixed their deficiencies, because I wanted to make sure nobody –
It’s over. It’s over for them, and it’s all his fault. His own. But, he won’t rob Tony of the Avengers.
“Yeah, I’m gonna stop you right there. And you’re gonna say that the Avengers don’t get despatched much for those kinds of threats, since we’re doing run-of-the-mill jobs that people below our paygrade can do. So, might as well up and join SHIELD for the challenge.”
When they’re finally parked in Tony’s garage, Steve loiters by a workbench, the keys dangling from his fingers.
purchase. The first time he visits a sex toy shop he has to rally himself for the courage, clutching expresso in Starbucks next door. Facing off Nazis and HYDRA goons and not breaking a sweat, no problem. But, shopping for the best anal vibrator in a brick and mortar shop? Steve can appreciate online shopping a bit more after he oozes out of the shop, a non-descript paper bag in tow.
“Done, Captain?” Tony purrs, irritation unmistakably clear in his syllables. Steve lets his hand linger a second longer, his lips twisting into a sardonic smirk as the jumpsuit tents in between Tony’s legs.
in his soup. They have been his home and family, as much as it has been to Tony as well. Tony Stark. The man who has everything, and nothing. The spanner in the works who Steve – and Fury – once worried would single-handedly drive the Initiative into the ground.
They exit the cemetery and cross the courtyard. Instead of going back to the car, Tony commandeers one of those park benches, inching to one end and leaving the other conspicuously empty. Steve settles in. They do have plenty to talk about.
for his tenants to stop leaving rotten chimichanga in the fridge. So, what? Tony has his laundry list of character flaws – ask anyone – but he’s a gracious host. Steve has a personal study because Tony figures the pond must run deep with somebody who prances around with a capital “A” on his forehead dressed up in the country’s flag for the most of his adult life. Steve wants to offer the privacy of said room for their discussion, when Tony says first, “Come to my study. It’s pretty much sealed in.”
Steve’s arms wrap around his form, his scruffy chin digging into the crook of Tony’s neck. “Thank God.”
Six a.m. sharp, and Maria drops them off at a bus stop in a discreet black Rover. She winds down her window and nods at them sharply, her idea of best wishes Tony supposes, and promptly drives away. A shuttle bus is supposed to take staffers and guests to the Triskelion at a half an hour interval, and they wait for the first trip. They have grown out their facial hair so much if they would sit on the ground right now, people would toss them change. Their work clothes – dress shirts, slacks and sufficiently polished dress shoes are probably the only reason people haven’t.
before his crotch. One could hide a derringer in here, he reasons. Best to err on the side of caution.
. The crazy pyro show at dawn earlier still is vivid in Steve’s mind, and Tony chases them with insistent pecks on his upper lip. Each follow up more hesitant than before when Steve adamantly stoops frozen over Tony.
is the missing link. Fury said it before, SHIELD needs him to complete his father’s work on the Tesseract. He knows as much that they didn’t share Howard’s logbook and save him from palladium poisoning because they were
Steve barely moves an inch when Tony’s body camera fizzles out, and the grounds tremble with the force of the unprecedented detonation. An explosion that large wouldn’t leave survivors, but survivors there are still, because Clint’s voice, garbled as it is, is telling anyone who would listen to get the medic.
, right? So, if you need to take out something quickly from a distance, say, an evil microwave from the opposite apartment, you can do just that from your sniper’s nest. And they’re safe to handle. They need to be launched from your bow and hit certain speeds before they’re triggered.”
The man’s eyes snap to Tony’s phone, currently broadcasting the cheery jingle of Pepper’s favourite number. A small smirk creeps up the edge of Tony’s lips.
Give a man a fish, feed him for a day. Fortunately, Tony is well-learned in the art of dual-wielding fishing rods, so.
Tony communicating with Damage Control without prompted? Tony worrying about clean-up? Tony coming out to support a SHIELD operation without Fury barking in his ears? Did Christmas come early this year?
“I have. I’ve cleaned up.” Steve hears the clink of a metal belt buckle being released. “If you’ll have me, Mr Stark.” And Milos scoots to the vacant spot behind Steve’s seat, pulling his slacks off his legs as he goes. A sight to behold indeed – Steve glances at the rearview mirror – as Milos display his uncanny flexibility. Legs folded all the way up that his ankles nearly graze his ears.
“Remember Steve’s proposal about an integrated surveillance system for the Tower and the Expo?” She pulls out a palm-sized tablet from her pocket and activates its holographic display. He sees the familiar 3D modelling of Stark Tower. Certain aspects of it are highlighted in red. Those are Steve’s audacious doodles of improvement over the Tower’s blueprint.
“We don’t want to have to reach that stage, Agents,” Fury clarifies, waving around a cannulated hand to make his point. “We can’t say they won’t immediately go to town with those ‘Carriers once they’re online.”
“OK, this is really too much,” he agrees as JARVIS reminds him of the afterlife for the sixteenth time. “Filter out everything from the company, unless it comes from Pepper.”
Steve hikes Tony’s legs up and folds him up until he’s lying on his tailbone, his asshole presented to Steve in all its glory. “I just showered,” Tony helpfully offers, his toothy grin withering a fraction. “I don’t have uh, condoms.”
There’s only so many times one can hide behind snark and wit. Steve has seen it all first-hand. Tony downplaying his generosity with nonchalance, masking his grief with nonchalance. Pretending he doesn’t care, so that when it hurts the most, it won’t matter.
“Are we going to DC, Stark?” The fight leaves Tony. He weakly bunches a corner of Steve’s sleeve, a silent plea for mercy.
“STRIKE team,” Tony hears Rumlow’s communicator buzz, “Escort Captain Rogers back to SHIELD immediately for questioning.”
“It’s rhetorical. I won’t be far. I promise to stay on the premise. You sleep in the meantime, OK? I’m keeping the helmet next to your shield. Don’t drool on it!”
Both their pants pooling around their ankles in the next heartbeat, Steve slides his half-mast cock between the crack of Tony’s butt. “Gay enough for you?” he snarls into the ear before him, and thrusts his hip a few times, his cock sliding over Tony’s morning wood.
when Steve holds him. A literal furnace, and Tony is only human. “I’m not exaggerating, but you’re boiling hot.”
happy when the doctors make him stay in another one for another hour. Minimum. It’s cold enough that he wants to conjure a friendly flame the size of a golf ball, and what he wants, he gets. But the nurse freaks out when she sees it, and that’s how he ends up with two SHIELD agents totting guns standing guard by his door.
A youthful Agent evidently believes otherwise. “With due respect, Mr Stark, Project Insight is but a pipedream until your tech comes along.”
Tony would’ve sympathised. Hiding from a near-ubiquitous outfit specialising in covert operations must be tough. Really, he would. “You don’t trust us enough to tell us.” He could relate. Up to thirty minutes ago, he was supposed to be lost to Davy Jones’ locker. What a relief not having a bullseye on the back of his skull for a change. Can’t kill him if he was already dead.
“How sure are you that SOB is your friend, huh? You don’t think my parents’ blood is worth a thing, fine.” Steve shakes his head, his jaws clenched but Tony rails on, “What about Fury? What about
“We called your room this afternoon but you didn’t pick up. Natasha was wondering if you forgot to book a slot today.”
acquaint his very needy dick with his hand, not for a hunky masseur whose full name he doesn’t even know. Steve. Steve, Steve,
“OK, hey.” One of the quartet of Agents just positively catapults through the fire escape, holding up a sad paper cup of coffee. Most of said coffee seems to be soaking up the cuff of his sleeve anyway, and forming a steady pool on the tiled floor. “Oh shucks.”
“I know we joked about it before, but we seriously need to reconsider our growing nonchalance towards your newly-gained powers.”
And then, Tony is shifting enthusiastically under Steve, hips bucking but not to seek more friction. Steve feels more than he sees the pants shrugged of his legs. Tony clasps his thighs against Steve’s, and his smile is genuine. “So, I’ve been thinking…”
Tony quickly logs onto the Internet, and finds HYDRA-slash-SHIELD on Google’s front page. He’s imagining this whole thing going down differently, more of Steve clocking Pierce a good one in the chin – like he did Hitler in the comics – so he’s free to make his statement-of-the-century before hundreds of reporters, their cameras flashing away.
He blinks away the dark spots in his vision and winces at the gunk in his eyes. Disgusting, the afterlife is still so… biological. Absolutely unforgiveable.
“We can help, too,” the young Agent’s chair scraps on the floor as he stands. Fury’s men have spunk. “What do you need us to do, Captain?”
It doesn’t stop Tony from fiddling with it as Steve drives them to a row of semi-completed house-ish structures. Despite arriving earlier, Steve hasn’t been going around the neighbourhood shopping for the best unit to squat in. From here, this one seems good enough to take shelter from the elements. It’s also the closest to the road.
He’ll be damned, he thinks, as he bites back a moan while clarity phases in. Heaven or hell, this place hurts like a bitch. He’s upright, he wonders how, because he’s jelly all over. His vision is swimming, his balance is shot. Feels like 1999. That ridiculous fund-raising gala held on a cruise – it went on for six stormy nights and by the time they dropped anchor, he had already bawled all the tears a man could possibly hold in their ducts. It was
“Yeah.” Steve, too studies his cooked dinner with interest. “You just boiled water with your hands.”
“Just checking – you’re really you right? No candid cameras, you’re not, for example, fucking Barton in a disguise, are you?” And good God, Tony starts
“Have a seat,” he quickly collects a helmet prototype from a stool, so Steve can take it. “Sorry about the mess. My bots aren’t the best housekeepers. So, uh, I think Dum-E spilled detergent on the carpet around… there,” Tony points vaguely in one direction, and Steve notes a discoloured patch by the bookcase. “At least they tried. Got to count for something.”
They were fortunate that SHIELD hasn’t thought of wiping out Insight from the Lemurian Star. A cyber trail that obvious means either SHIELD isn’t yet aware that their little conspiracy has been downloaded and accessed by Fury, or –
Red Snapper – Mark 35, he vaguely recalls – swoops in and in a neat display of brilliant engineering, opens to welcome him into its belly. He’s home, encased in a near-indestructible shell of titanium alloy, a prototype he builds with the functionality of a Leopard 2A7 – pretty kickass tank, he thinks – in mind.
. Left, right, cross three state borders? I’ll be there.” He merges with the traffic, and wraps his sweater more securely over the tablet. This is the
“This can sure come in handy,” he eventually concurs. A compliment from Captain America? That’s worth a couple of honorary medals at least. “What model of the suit is it again?”
It’s a long shot, but Steve calls Tony on his private number. Out of service. Figures. Pepper’s own is disconnected as well.
Tony chucks the pillow off his face and chuckles. “Hey, Steve. You know it’s my last night here, huh?”
fucking calm down!” More antiseptic spills between them than it gets onto Steve’s arm. “I would’ve… I could’ve
accidentally murder Iron Man in his sleep if he’s not careful. He showers and changes and hopes that the thundercloud about his head will lift by the time he gets to Tony’s door.
“Pepper is arranging for a press conference as we’re having this friendly chat, and I’ll be holding an official demonstration of BARF. For what it’s worth, this is free publicity for the product, so chillax, Rogers. I’ll clarify with the public – once and for all – that it’s still riddled with false positives, and this never happened, and
“I’m expecting you to engage with the Mandarin in Kuwait, and I propose this suit to be most expedient for the cause.”
He runs like his life depended on it – which in all honesty, isn’t an exaggeration in the least – and he knows he’s sitting duck sprinting down the boulevard in a dark blue combat suit with a freaking glow-in-the-dark silver star emblazoned across his chest.
“Honour your side of the deal, Stark.” Steve pushes a button with the window icon, and their surroundings dim somewhat. The glass has turned opaque. “You’re always cutting corners when it comes to issues
“So?” Tony surveys a row of hydrangea with disinterest. “That’s some king-sized balls you showed Nick there, dressing him down like that. Sounds to me you just gave him your three months’ notice. Stark Industries is
has the downsides outweighing the upsides. He confirms that hypothesis when Fury wakes him up at four in the morning with one phone call, one Avenger alert and one Tower-wide alarm, each following the next after a fifteen-second interval. Steve is ready to move out in under ten minutes, but Tony is nowhere to be found.
Before Tony can begin activating the right brain synapses to enact his great escape, the truck swerves sharply to the right onto an off-beaten road, one that Tony has
He shushes Steve down, and pulls the waistband to midthigh. Steve must be wanting this so bad, he’s leaking steadily that precum trails along the underside of his cock. Free lub? Waste not want not. So, he palms over the tip – yes, moan that moan again, Cap – and slathers it all over the length. Steve’s musk is particularly strong. Didn’t he read something about frequent ejaculation helps lower the risks for prostate cancer? Not that Steve needs the extra precautions. Despite being ninety-six, his prostate is probably healthier and
Clenching his teeth, he pushes himself up, his shield firmly tucked around his left forearm. It still stinks of chemicals Forensics used to lift fingerprints of Fury’s assassin. They were hopeful. Steve after all was the only one so far who had engaged the metal-armed man in combat. Flung his shield at the back of his skull with non-lethal force, only for it to be caught in mid-air and returned with double the force.
What Steve managed to scrawl across a notepad on the kitchen counter before he bolted was equally sparse and uninformative – “Duty calls. Will be back as soon as I can.” It probably doesn't really matter, but it's only courtesy. There are no curfews, no restrictions as to the comings and goings in the Tower. So the last thing he expects to see when he trudges into the common lounge one Thursday morning, still decked in his full Captain America uniform, is the Avengers assembling.
Tony doesn’t hear the door open, or the clacks of classy work pumps on bleached tiles. He must’ve dozed off, and for a split second he thinks he’s dreaming of Pepper, oh, beautiful Pepper… her sweet-smelling strawberry blonde hair tied up in a ponytail, always looking at him with such worry in her face… it’s making the wrinkles worse…
In that case, wherever he is, there’s a good chance he’s hopelessly stranded. And he has no idea where in pluperfect hell he is.
“OK, thank you. I’ll be right there,” and he wordlessly nods at Pepper, who nods back. “Let him know I’m on my way, will you?”
don’t trust you either. You could be in cahoots with Alexander Pierce for all I know. So, walk your talk. You say you have proof.”
Gun shots – he hears guns going off like never before, and he’s sitting duck if he doesn’t get a move on. So are the paramedics. He sees them so spooked that they daren’t moved an inch. He leaps off the gurney and grabs two of them – the ones huddled nearest to him – and yells at the rest to get their butts off the floor and run.
Out of the corner of his eyes, Mark III and IV form rank and flank him mid-air. Boy, he’s never felt so much joy working with two of his most obsolete models. More are coming.
“Ah, Steve.” Judging by the way Pepper is eyeing the arc reactor that’s not visible under his three-piece suit, he guesses
“It’s interesting, watching you,” Tony starts, and he casually rests his arm on the back of the bench. “Not so long ago you were cool with SHIELD putting blinkers on you. Would do whetever they tell you to. They ask you to jump, you ask how high.”
“It’s difficult to get a read on you these days, Rogers.” It’s a rarely-heard shift in inflection. Tony’s voice dips a pitch and he hums as his fingers – cold to Steve’s flesh, but Steve has always burnt coal hot – wrap around their girths. Steve prefers this version of Tony by a mile, because in this headspace, there’s no sarcasm, no triggering jokes. Just Tony eyeballing his target. He gives them both some lazy strokes, foreskins retracting to reveal glistening heads, Tony’s already beading with precum.
They have technically two short nights together before they head back to New York, and evening is already drawing close. Tony has like twenty ideas in his noggin about the next shield enhancements, all of which sounds tremendously exhausting to talk about. Steve looks like he’s rearing to go – when is he never, anyway? But having Steve’s corporeal form in front of him is like staring down a pendulum.
Steve averts his gaze and doesn’t reply. He pushes the gear into drive, and with a tone of finality, he says, “Regardless, Insight cannot go online.”
There’s a beat on Tony’s side, before he says, “I have some theories, too. We should compare notes. I’ll see you, Steve. Stay out of trouble.”
That’s one barrier down. Tony could’ve crossed over to the back and do whatever he needs to do with the escort in the backseat
The assassin cocks his head inquisitively, studiously examining every wrinkle, every bead of sweat on Tony’s face. Under the pressure of his enemy’s bloodthirsty watch, Tony perseveres. He looks past the long lash and hollowness in the grey irises – what his parents must’ve stared down in
The whine of a miniaturised gauntlet repulsor intensifies. “Oh, don’t tempt me.” Tony takes his aim. “Just give me a reason.”
Steve empties himself into Tony first, rocking his balls against Tony’s in lazy grinds. The best part is how
in the backseat. He sees Tony bearing most of Milos’ weight, angling Milos in a way that looks accommodating. All of that and Tony is
“Tony, there are cameras around.” He almost wants to grab Tony by his collar and hauls him back into the car. “We might accidentally appear on TV!”
“I’m not leaving you.” Steve clasps him firmly by his jaws. “If that’s what you’re getting at, then save your breath.” He leans in, and their foreheads meet. “Not leaving you.”
tries to sneak off again the moment he loaded the last of the hostages onto the ambulance. Until Clint wrestles him into a wheelchair and stuffs him into the very same ambulance, that is. Steve hasn’t had the chance to speak with Tony, so preoccupied he is with logistics and PR.
And he chants that over and over again, over the ache of his burns, willing Tony to calm down and listen to reason. This won’t scar, but he has since learnt of the volatility of Tony’s newfound powers.
“… Yes. Might as well.” Fury owes him an explanation on the repulsor engines, at the very least. He didn’t say SHIELD could use them to fly three murderous Helicarriers until kingdom come. Stark Industries didn’t sign up to be part of a Nazi-like, eugenic, holier-than-thou –
Next thing he knows, the front of his shirt is sliced apart, methodically until its useless scraps on the floor. His torso is bared, and the arc reactor shines brilliantly between them. If they can’t get to his suits, the arc reactor makes a great consolation prize. But that isn’t enough. The man makes quick work of his belt, undoes the button at his waistband and
is incapacitated, it’s anarchy. It might get bad enough that Fury decides he is the country’s best-suited benevolent dictator and nuke Capitol Hill after brunch.
A heavy thud echoes in the distance and Tony sees the unmistakeable reflection of sunlight on vibranium steel on the tarmac. Where’s Steve?
on one end where it ran cleanly through Tony. A dark stain is pooling steadily under him. Weakly, he grasps Steve’s wrist. “Will you leave me if I ask you to this time?”
Insight's targets, if only to keep collaterals to the minimum. He knows those weapons. Shot from twenty thousand feet, no way the bullets won’t go astray. Insight doesn’t only target a person. It goes possibly for a twelve-yard radius,
Morbid? Judging by the steel-hot lash in his side, not so far-fetched. Maybe the suit is the only thing holding pieces of him together.
“You want to explain that elephant in the room?” The video playing on the giant screen behind Tony might’ve been muted, but it doesn’t take a genius to guess what’s spilling from virtual Steve’s mouth, currently moulded into a vulgar “O”.
Tony still can’t cry. Everything turns to steam. He’s fading, he feels it. Summoning what strength his body still has left, he instructs JARVIS one last time, “Initiate… House Party Protocol. Take the mansion down.”
fucking personal!” Steve hisses, and his glass of water tremble with the ferocity of their not-so-surreptitious discussion. All adjacent heads curiously turn around when Steve checks his surroundings. He resigns to leaning back against his chair and trading venomous glares with Tony. “We’ll have to talk about this.
“Hey, I’m just thinking from your point of view. How would you define loyalty to the cause? Blind faith? Absolutely.”
Emoting isn’t possible with android talk, but Steve senses hesitation. “Sir is in need of assistance.”
Maria exchanges a look with Steve, and sighs dramatically. “Looks like we’ll have to bring you up to speed when we reach.”
“Where’s Nat?” Tony bites out, and turns to face the wall. He flattens his palms against the tiles that are slowly heating up with the water.
“A first time for everything,” Steve smiles wanly. He closes the door with a curt click, and motions for Tony to get on the table. “Lie on your back, make yourself comfortable. I’ll ready the oils and lotions. Is the temperature and brightness comfortable?”
They’ve run far enough along the highway that they’re on a flyover already? It’s a two-storey-high jump. “I’ll break my legs,” Tony deadpans, and launches another fireball over the bus.
The metal hand releases his waist, leaving a five-finger bruise in its wake – curls into a fist and slams into the square of his stomach.
Steve wrenches his head up by his hair. “You’re doing this on your volition, Stark. Don’t put words in my mouth.”
He wonders just how rosily tinted the glasses these money-pinching, myopic agencies are looking out of, if they could even
That was a failed successful mission. Fury brandished the bill for clean-up, damage control, and miscellaneous logistic charges during debriefing. He did not hold back, and tore them a new one. Tony had the decency to keep his mouth shut at least, but Steve knew there was absolutely
Lucky for him, losing his goddam mind in the late evening over wanton distractions isn’t penalizable. There’s nobody to impress, or presentations to kill today and tomorrow. Can’t imagine how sharp he’ll be on his feet, so preoccupied with nursing a near-perpetual boner. He mopes around his hotel room, alone, desperate for some cheap company. Not his first time… but those few weren’t his proudest moments either.
“Mr Stark,” Steve makes a beeline for them, and Tony acknowledges him with an annoyed glance. “We were wondering where you might be.”
Steve has already taken the passenger seat by the time he returns to the car. One good glance at his grocery bags and Steve frowns. “No water? We’re down to our last two bottles.”
innovation. A novelty concept that comes with several million dollars price tag, so good God, how much certainties are they expecting to work with?
“Well, tough. I haven’t had time to implement it fully. And the algorithm hasn’t even been debugged.” He offs the tablet and pushes it back to Pepper. “By the way, we never discussed this with outsiders, right? How did this get out? Who’s interested?”
Rolling once more to his side, he bounds up the stairs and bursts into the generator room, leaving the chaos that is decimating his mansion behind him.
“… You have a wild imagination. I’m not under duress, and he’s certainly not holding a gun to my head from his pocket or anything. No, seriously. Steve, come here.”
and he said you’ll tell me yourself when the time comes. Clearly, you’re not about to, so I’m gonna pretend it was a… a cold, or some high-tech STD, I don’t care – but the fact is, you trusted SHIELD more than me –”
“Yes.” Steve’s laughter is as light as sunshine, Tony’s first in hearing Steve speak so carefreely. “Four fifteen it is. I’ll see you, Mr Stark.”
Turns out, Tony is camping out in the largest exhibition hall situated along Complex B’s foyer. Can’t miss it. Its boomboxes are screeching “Back in Black” and the screen as wide as the length of the stage itself is playing
This is him calming down. He tugs his arm away from Steve’s consoling grasp, and wrenches his tyre iron from the heart of the monitor. He does not swing it again.
Tony’s gaze drifts upward to the ceiling, and he closes his eyes. “My suit can handle it. It’s not macho bravado, it’s statistics.”
“Great. It’s my turbo-charged metabolism, I think. I’m hungry all the time.” Tony turns his free hand around, clenching and unclenching his fist. “At least I’m not on fire.”
He enters his house like every normal, late-thirties man does – through the roof of his garage-cum-workshop, and lands on the dais reserved for Mark 42. Dum-E wheels over to greet him like a normal puppy would the soonest he ejects himself from the suit. It holds out a wad of unread letters – why do people still snail mail him stuff? – so he pats the bot gently on its servo.
Clint is nocking three arrows onto his bowstrings. Steve doesn’t have to watch on to confirm if they meet their targets. Tony winces when Clint whoops at the mini-Chernobyl he has going on in his shooting range, and sticks a finger into his ear. “If I stay here any longer, I’m gonna bust an eardrum.”
“Start tight and go wide, stamp in time. Mark 42 autonomous prehensile propulsion suit test. Initialise sequence.”
Tony says nothing, contemplating his answers as if they’re etched on Steve’s face. For one full minute at that, silently challenging Steve to vocalise the unsaid orders.
Birds’ chirpings are soon drowned by the approaching crunch of rubber tyres on dirt, and the front of Steve’s car roars into the vicinity. Tony stands up and dusts his pants, and pretends it doesn’t irk him when Steve gives him a badly disguised once over.
Clint volunteers to get water from the kitchen, and Steve keeps at it, though a different kind of fear begins to grip his core.
Down, down, down Steve goes, rubbing along Tony’s thighs, knees, shins and ankles, before coming back up to slide a hand up along an inner thigh, ending
An astute observation, Tony thinks darkly. He would’ve slow clapped if it weren’t for his hands chained above his head.
Body cameras on Rumlow and Tony show Steve everything he needs to know about what’s on the inside. A well-timed delivery of Iron Man’s sonic taser to everyone in the vault – a collateral Steve is willing to stomach and the Goblin drops ungraciously to the ground. Evacuation of the other paralysed thirteen is going swimmingly when Tony suddenly bellows into his comm, “Everyone get out! He’s got a bomb strapped to his chest –”
He pushes past the wrought iron gate leading to the family cemetery and plods along the designated footpath. He never forgets where his parents were laid to rest, no matter how many years have dissolved between the last visit and this one.
Steve’s laughter is unbridled, and Tony misses having company in the mansion. There’s too much space for one man to prattle around. Ever since Steve returned to SHIELD to do Fury’s bidding, and ever since he completely relinquished his autonomy on Stark Industries, he returns to the basics and does what he does best, tinker. Pepper is thinking about making him CTO – so that means he’s very likely to be in the thick of things soon – but does he want to? Some time to himself isn’t so bad. He needs rest. Steve always says he needs to rest.
Tony takes two seconds to roll his eyes and discards plastic packaging under his seat. “Of course it’s a trap.”
Tony continues to sleep through the rest of the journey, and at one o’clock in the dead of the night, Steve pulls their car to a stop where the indicator on the tablet says so. It’s a remote part of town, nothing to see beyond scattered concrete houses of sort, cordoned off by tall fences with barbed wires on top.
“I don’t have much going on, but that’s only because I’m toeing the line. I’m sorry about Nick, and I understand that you’re upset. Angry.” Steve opens his mouth, ready to rebut but Tony quickly talks over him, “I’m saying, you and your men will want to hunt down that metal-armed hitman, sure, but
Ross has turned his back completely against the window, regaling Steve with his utmost attention. His face is still an unsympathetic scowl, and Tony would’ve tipped his hat off to Ross – if he has a hat on – for not buckling under the pressure of Steve’s glare.
My judgement isn’t any more inferior to yours. ‘Enemy mistakes are lucky only in the respite gained. Being observant, thoughtful, and
,” he adds with emphasis, when Tony looks ready to roll out another volley of self-defence. “There’s a meeting with Nick at midnight about dealing with SHIELD and HYDRA. I want you to come with me.”
“If you’re already working in a secret office,” Steve grunts as he throws his weight at the shelves, tugging them to a side. It gives, it parts, to reveal a hidden elevator. Those older ones with railings for a door and a lever to operate. “After you.”
Coincidentally, Fury emerges from his office as they march towards it. “Captain Rogers,” he greets, and his brows float to his non-existent hairline when he sees Tony – again, half a pace behind Steve. “Mr Stark. I was not expecting you.”
Just as he sets his phone on his pillow, Steve’s right hand creeps up to his throat. Oily fingers unfurl to choke him – they’re loose, but Tony has stopped breathing – and a gust of warm air billows by his earlobe. “I remind you, Mr Stark, you can end this anytime.” And Steve’s free hand drops inside his pants to pump along his unyielding cock.
“You’ve been on the run the past three days. Unless people start handing out government secrets on a pamphlet on the streets, I don’t see how else you could access classified information like this.”
He pays for a pair of toothbrushes, a toothpaste and shaving cream to share, and receives two more high-fives on the way out of the shop. Only when he walks past a Samsung store with two rows of gigantic TV screens mounted to the wall in their preview window does Steve stop clean in his tracks. Upon watching what’s currently playing on CNN, he nearly drops his purchases and lower jaw.
Tony straightens up again, and this time, he watches the epitaph that’s carved under Howard’s name. “No. I get where they’re coming from, but we’re talking
His eyes seek out Steve’s, and his voice is strained when he asks for permission to go to the gents. No wisecracking, just an honest expression for his desire to leave the room.
Steve doesn’t stop at the keys. Tony eyes him hesitantly when he fetches a coil of rope from the benchtop.
It’s near lunchtime, but screw that. And everything else. The battery in his phone is running low, and it’s still feet away from its charging dock, unplugged, uncared for. Just him on this cushy sofa, and a throw pillow over his face.
the orb from the very socket in his chest. The wiring, the electromagnet – the plasma that Pepper finds disgusting once upon a time, the Howardium cassette that Steve helped create – all ripped apart from his body in one swift tug.
“I’m thinking… scrambling the signals between Insight’s control and the Helicarriers. Bounce them off one of Stark satellites instead of Insight’s. Or, I can jam Zola’s algorithm so it doesn’t load.” Tony shakes his head. “But, I don’t understand the syntax. So, scratch that. Uh, you guys like something crazy? I can try reprogramming the ships’ artillery to target each other. Or is that
this when I don’t what the hell is in my body! I know I don’t die easily. I heal like crazy. I can shoot fire out of my eyeballs. How is that
, and personally escorts the injured to a clearer ground. He dares not to check the scurry behind him.
Steve wishes for his friendship. And it’s what Tony is offering to the Avengers. No matter how much he tries to mask his sincere generosity with sarcasm and humour as dry as the vodka martinis he often has for nightcaps. Today, Tony’s gifting Clint a quiver of exploding arrows he’s been tinkering with the past week – nice to finally know what has stolen so much of Tony’s attention lately – and offers to run a demo at the gym. They make to leave, barstools scrapping against the tiled floor, and Steve’s butt stays glued to his seat. He’s only halfway through his cereal.
“Steve!” Tony forcibly removes Steve from his stupor and drags him to the elevator. They’re not going to make it. “Steve, we got to go!”
Back in the claustrophobia of Steve’s stolen car, they survive fifteen minutes of intense silence before Steve cracks. “Shouldn’t have done that, Tony.”
Two men are making out someplace Steve cannot recognise, but Guy A is most certainly Tony Stark, and Guy B is… this cannot be right,
Tony edges sideway until he’s leaning against the door instead. As if having both men in the same plane of view is any more comforting. “Milos, right?” he nods at the escort.
Tony pulls the sash to his bathrobe together with more force than necessary, and the fluffy cotton swished around his waist. He’s back in the same massage room, perched on the edge of the same bed he lay on yesterday evening. He swings his ankles back and forth petulantly, waiting for the masseur – or masseuse, they didn’t inform him when he confirms his booking today – and his heart does a little flip when Steve ambles through the door.
! Focusing heat into the now-emptied pistol, it burns red hot in his grasp. The black mask the assassin has on that covers more than half of his face – Tony only notices that – doesn’t effectively quell the look of surprise in his grey eyes.
and the pounding of Black Sabbath from the radio, Steve has no intention to molest Tony any more than he already has today. Whatever it is that’s been eating Tony up from the inside, is beginning to show in his demeanour. His expression is drawn, his fingers constantly ticking to the pacing of his thoughts – Steve doubts he’s listening to a word coming out of Ozzy Osbourne’s mouth.
“Well, McBryde, I saw Rogers slap a pickup towards a HYDRA mook with his bare hands, and as for Stark… actually, thank you for reminding me. Arrest him.”
“Stark,” he bites out, and promptly turns off the lights. The Avengers are still on standby for God’s sake, and that means maintaining sobriety for the next seventy-two hours. Will it kill him to wait until Friday? Seriously?
That one is weird. He frowns, and wonders why a hitman this honed will bother with publicly known information. “With SHIELD. There’s a meeting.”
Walking past Samsung gallery next, he stands rooted before a three-by-three floor-to-ceiling instalment of 64 inches UHD 4K Smart TVs, currently projecting not his face, but of the Malibu mansion he has set his GPS to. He’s supposed to be heading
Step two, hide said colleagues. Tony whips out four pairs of magnetic cuffs and locks them about their wrists and ankles. A gag goes into their respective mouth next, and for a finishing touch, a full-body spray of nanofiber coating to project the desired holographic display on. A squeeze of these button badges activates it, which Tony now pins to their breast pockets. The bodies vanish into thin air as they take on the appearance of their immediate surroundings. Project Chameleon, ladies and gentlemen. Another lesson from Mother Nature well learned.
wants this, and that’s enough to hurl Tony off that he rides his climax with his teeth sunk into his bottom lip, his body curled into Steve with the force. He’s making a mess between them and he doesn’t fucking care, and it dazzles when Steve goes on to jack himself to completion.
“Christ. It’s clever, though. I’ll give SHIELD that.” Tony is steadily heating up his second cup of coffee. “You see what they’re doing, don’t you? They’re trying to flush you out with Insight. Pressuring you to come stop them. They’ll start with the Mandarin. They won’t stop there.”
“Steve said the arc reactor gave you some problem the last few weeks. Nothing some painkillers won’t fix, but he told me to watch you while he’s away on SHIELD duty.”
The Unibeam shoots true, and the beam halves as Tony darts through in between. He spins around and rights himself, his mortal self jostling against the sweaty lining of his suit. He’s all maxed out. The piece of concrete better be the last of evil reincarnate. “Just run ‘em dry, J. Where are my other suits?”
“Sure they are, buddy.” The compliment is worth enduring the ringing in his ears, so Tony gives him a thumb-up. He huffs apologetically at Steve. “Another time then.”
It’s so easy to overthink what goes in between the lines, but Steve okays it all the same. After all, Tony promises to be back by lunch the following day. What can go wrong in the next sixteen hours?
“… There’s so much I want to tell you, Tony. About Bucky. About us. My past. Don’t pretend like you don’t care, I know you do. You’re… the only one who does –” A sharp intake of air breaks up the tension and Tony drops all pretence. He lowers the railing and sits next to Steve, who has somehow resisted doubling over despite having pulled a couple of stitches anew. He pants and grits his teeth, but the sheer
Steve goes noticeably quiet, and Tony takes advantage of it. “Nick’s biometrics is required to access and authorise the more sensitive aspects of Insight. He’s the one calling the shot. So, I feel like giving
Tony looks around with mild panic dressed up as curiosity for the snacks bar. “If I move, I can’t work on the computer, and that means I can’t defend the line, leaving myself open to detection.”
For the life of him, he cannot sleep a wink that night. He lies in his large bed, alone and cold under all the sheets, still feeling the ghost of Steve’s fingers on his cock. It stands proud and erect in his sweatpants just thinking about it, that he spends a good half-an-hour squatting under a cold shower and downing a pot of coffee after. Sleep is for the weak anyway, and he soldiers through the night working on market analysis. The best boner killer in town.
. “About time I pay the kids a visit at the Tower.” But, Steve is still troubled. The lines in his forehead speak volume. “Something else on you mind?” With Steve, it’s like playing a really, really tough charade. “Is this about the mission?”
Dark brows creep upward until they disappear in Tony’s hairline. The slight curve on his lips blows up into a full shit-eating smirk, and he says, “Pleasant doing business with you, honey.” He pats Steve jovially across those jeans-clad, granite buttocks, and exclaims, “I’ll handle the logistics. You better pack up!” before promptly skipping out of the kitchen. His absence leaves a vacuum so noticeable that Steve – for once – doesn’t quite know what to do with his limbs as he loiters by the table like an idiot who just got stood up by his date.
He’s naked, remember? Yes, he just streaked across a neighbourhood park in his birthday suit to get into this truck. Not his proudest moments. And the least he thinks about it, the better. Too bad there’s no food in the glove box – which is disgusting, on second thought – or spare cash. There’s a radio, though, which is God-given. A
Suddenly, his truck screeches to a halt, the inertia throwing everyone off their feet. His gurney rolls forward until it slams into the wall, and he clutches frantically at the edge of his railings. Everyone’s panicking, so this must be unprecedented. Think, he has to think –
Tony starts swimming. It’s one broad stroke of his arm after another, relentless, towards where Steve was last caught on JARVIS’ radar.
Tony frees the sliding lock, and holds the door open to a crack just wide enough to show his face. “Jesus
Steve emerges thoroughly wet and naked, and he pads across the bathroom to join Tony by the sink. Somehow, he’s managed to tie a small towel around his waist to upkeep his modesty. An unnecessary effort, to be honest. “An Agent abandoned post to mess around with the computers in the engine room.”
Clint, Natasha, and Vision, all lounging on the three-seater in the Avengers’ activity room let a beat or two of awkward silence passes before nodding hesitantly. Natasha actually twirls the edge of her bang with her long index finger and asks, “Are you sure you’re not overreacting? I mean, I can vouch for everyone that we honestly, do not care what you and Tony do behind locked doors –”
“It’s OK. Delayed effects, it’ll work in an hour. Anyway, I’ve just decided to spend some time in New York. I’ve got a bunch of new prototypes to test in the range, and I bet those aeronautics guys are dying to show us their demo.”
“Fuck –” Tony leaps off his chair, and lunges for the door. He tries the knob, which doesn’t give, and rams his shoulder headlong into the panel. “Let us out!” Steve is seconds away from busting them out of the truck with a hearty kick – trust him,
“… Of course it is.” Tony pulls Steve’s wrist off his clothes and zips it back up. He deftly steps aside, effectively freeing himself from the cage of Steve’s hulking figure. “What are you up to next?”
“The sky is the limit, Steve. This is as – as ridiculous as it gets – don’t deny it. Your face tells me it is. I need to be sure if BARF can access other stuff in our noggin. Think about it! A therapy is hardly useful if it also allows users to relive fake experiences. Imaginations. BARF is not an enabler. It’s supposed to be that much-needed slap across the right cheek.”
To that, Steve exhales slowly, and holds his tongue. He helps himself to Tony’s leftover waffles, and wonders if it’s worth playing up their PDA in exchange for authority over city clean-ups post-Avenging. That question answers itself that evening, six sharp. The main entrance to the Tower’s foyer is ajar, and it’s noticeable because it’s the
“I’m invincible!” He can afford crossing Broadway Street blindfolded. “Finally! Something I can do better than you.”
“Because I’ve done enough. I’ve taken things way too far. And I’ve no excuse for ever allowing it to get this far.”
The man’s eyes narrowed, and Tony’s throat bobs. Something tells him this is not the best time to be a hero.
“I don’t want to be a spoilsport, Steve, but we’re just a couple of taxpayers going up against SHIELD.”
“I did not… I mean, it’s not everyday I bump into, you know, people who qualify for Harvard.” One glance at the way Steve chomps on his burger tells Tony that Steve doesn’t buy his bullshit. His fault, again. For being a presumptuous little shit. Is it truly that surprising for a specimen like this to
Tony’s first instinct is to scream, but the first sound that escapes his lips betrays him, and his back arches into Steve’s grip. Neither holds back, and Tony feels the urge to scream again. Twice, thrice, he quells it, surrendering to the goddam urge. Never in his life, alright? Never, to have his junk pleasured by another man, and to want it. He craves it – the friction, the heat. Give it all to him.
He dashes to Mark 30 and checks the connection – dead. Wireless transfer just got terminated, and the scowls on each Iron Man face appear more pronounced in the shadows. Is it an electric trip?
And, scene. That fireball had cost him the last of his strength. Tony lets himself be manhandled onto a stretcher, and is meekly towed into a non-descript black truck. “Take them away,” he hears Rumlow bark before the sky he’s gazing at turns to boring felt. A great adventure this has been, after
“On the contrary. It’s biometrics guarded. Yours just happened to be on the list of to-approve people –” A sharp hiss from Tony stops Steve dead in his track, and he looks down, realising belatedly that he’s still squeezing the life out of Tony’s hand it’s about to go gangrenous. A bruise has already formed inches above of where Steve’s fingers are curled protectively around Tony’s forearm.
Tony appears out of thin air and surveys the occupants in the kitchen. Steve is kind of miffed that Tony kind of glances at him, preferring to address Clint with all the chumminess of a decade-old friend. “I see you’re back. Since when?” They chat – by “they”, Steve means Clint and Tony – and it strikes him as odd, because Tony is incapable of being socially ungraceful. Steve chalks it up to Tony being raised in front of camera, under the spotlight of public attention and scrutiny, in the embrace of fair-weather-friends and wolves-in-sheep’s’-clothing.
Without any sense of self-preservation – or maybe he just trusts Tony a lot – Steve sticks his right arm out, and the right gauntlet floats over before it, opens up like a sandwich maker and closes again around Steve’s hand. The match is somewhat clunky, there are spots that feel too loose, and his ring finger feels pinched. Steve laughs a little as he admires his mechanical palm, and proceed to summoning the rest of the limbs to him.
They must be that ecstatic to welcome their new guests into their fold, judging by their slack expression and fingers tightening over the trigger. The one on the right has the right idea. “How sure are we they’re who they are?”
Steve is unsettled by every pixel on the monitor Tony is watching, every key on the keyboard Tony is tapping. This is too high risk. They have security on-guard northeast and traffic is a constant. Just because Tony is oblivious to the chatter and pitter patter of a small army by the hall’s main entrance doesn’t mean they’re safe.
“Nope. Been clean since we exchanged palladium for Howardium. Yeah, I’m naming it after dear old pop.” It’s unlikely another specimen of Howardium can exist elsewhere. It takes quite an effort to synthesise it. As is the case with lithium dioxide, he’s glad he’s
The scowl on the helmet seems to have transplanted over to Tony’s face. “Sorry. I can’t work like this. It’s too clunky to shout instructions at JARVIS. I need a computer. I need to
The workshop automated door won’t open fast enough, so he turns his body sideway to slip through it, and then he bounds two steps at once all the way up to the foyer –
Steve does take the Quinjet down to back Tony up after he’s done with the Cineplex, mostly out of prudence than necessity. To his non-surprise, all malicious tech and folks have been rounded up and secured with some cutting edge, nigh-unbreakable handcuffs that glow strangely in blue. It’s Tinseltown with every piece of Starkware.
“… Do you want me to suck you off or not?” Tony slaps away Steve’s hand, and starts worshipping the hunk of flesh. He’s clearly within his comfort zone, servicing and making a show out of it. The way he drags his tongue up from the balls to the tip signifies experience. His lips close around it, and he goes down again. In the warm, wet cavern Steve’s cock hits against the back of his throat.
Tony huffs in indignance, and shakes his head. “Right. Well, now that I’ve gotten that off my chest.” He reaches back for his door knob.
-SHIELD-obscene-amount-of-money-as-compensation-is-Stark-available-for-comments, he too decides to shut down communications for the next sixteen hours. Is that’s why it’s been radio silence the whole afternoon? Because Pepper has been taking the brunt of the heat for him, and now that she’s left, he’s free game? Fair enough. For his part, he’ll be quiet, pretend he isn’t even here. Stark the dead possum. Let everybody cool down a bit. They’ll see sense in due time.
He’s here on a mission. He’s here to work. He thinks what transpired previously is his wake-up call to the possibilities of achieving so much more. He has to
The exploding arrows are magnificent. Tony certainly designs them with Clint’s abilities in mind. In the hands of a lesser marksman, these arrows are nothing but low-grade grenades the shape of toothpicks. They don’t pack enough power to be lethal, and the damage area is pretty much confined to a radius of one meter.
The man nods furiously, obviously glad that he’s allowed to leave the circus. One hand clasping his chin, he sprints out of the gym. And both men continue to stare daggers at each other, not moving, not speaking – one half-lying on the floor, the other drawn to full height, until the door slams to a shut.
There’s always the alcohol in the minibar. Tony downs two cans of Bud in thirty minutes, swearing to heaven and earth that he will
“I don’t mean that part of me,” Tony bites back a grunt. “Scoot to your left. I’m putting the seat down.”
instead is pinned against the closet. He’ll never be Steve’s equal when it comes to hand-to-hand. Doesn’t stop him for trying. Steve’s arm flicker, and Tony locks it first with his elbow.
“Can’t you keep your ego under control? If you can’t function in a team, I’ll have to bench you before it jeopardise the mission and the safety of others.”
Taking advantage of the lifting veil of night, Tony creeps past a pickup truck that’s parked in a secluded corner of the neighbourhood’s park – so this is where he has unknowingly crash-landed. The signboard hammered into the moist earth under a large bodock tree bears these words in black paint:
As the door to the foyer’s main entrance swings shut behind them, the pandemonium ebbs. They make a beeline for the elevator – the one that serves only the Avengers base, and they go upmost to Tony’s suite. This ride would’ve been ten times more awkward if not for the Muzak, a recent addition to all the Tower’s elevators because Steve made an off-hand comment about how there used to be music playing in their elevators. It used to be Bach? Beethoven maybe? Certainly not Black Sabbath in jazz.
With surprisingly steady hands, he lifts his shirt and bites at the hem, keeping his chest exposed and the light from the reactor comes forth unhindered.
“It’s my treat, Mr Stark.” Steve stoops to lock the drawers installed in his trolley, a wan smile tugging on his lips. “Since you’re not getting the massage anyway, consider this a refund.”
” Tony can’t hide the wince when Steve’s grip doesn’t ease up, but he goes on, “It hurt like a mother but I’m here. I’m
Mark XVII has been monitoring the US airspace, and radar tells him that he could’ve seen a speck of red and gold in the sky, if he were to poke his head out of the little side window.
should he continue to peruse his mobile devices while driving is up by twenty-three-fold. Nothing he can do about – his alert log is scrolling like a marquee. It’s cramming the RAM with a seamless influx of mostly threats to have him removed from SI unless he reinstates all contracts with SHIELD.
Steve almost crashes into a tree. He rights his steering wheel, and winces when the driver overtaking his car salutes him with a middle finger. “Where is he going?”
and Tony folds upward that his back is flush against Steve’s front. Careful – he could’ve dislocated another set of bones – but nobody’s paying heed to safety compliance, what the hell,
The comm goes silent and Tony exhales a long one. Steve’s tone of dismissal doesn’t hurt as much as it should, but it serves its purpose well. Tony clears his throat and resumes typing furiously on his keyboard, a new purpose burning in his mind, when a shadow looms behind him that he slams the monitor down so hard the table quakes under the force.
At least Obadiah had the decency to leave him the way he found him. The damage is irreparable. Not without the surgeons, his lab, and the spare arc reactors he’d personally delivered to the bottom of the Pacific. Obviously convinced that his handiwork will have a more lasting effect this time, the assassin hurls Tony’s limp body through the air where it thuds unceremoniously onto the front of a car. Tony feels the flesh of his back rendered apart by shards of laminated glass. A burning sensation informs him that these wounds are meaningless.
And he sees them. He swims harder. He sees them, and a chill run down his spin when he recognises Steve’s company.
“Where is Steve Rogers?” There’s an unscratchable itch in his diaphragm, but he dares not cough. The fingers against his scalp tug harder, and the man leans in. Tony endures that ghastly breath against his face.
“This.” Tony pats the top of his helmet fondly. “Must be Pepper. Smart. Did you rob someone? That’s a lot of supply.”
that he doesn’t get. Never seen before, in fact. Either it’s superbly advanced at the time of writing – time stamp says it was last accessed just two weeks ago – or deserves a special pedestal in the local museum. This won’t work. If he can’t read it, he can’t crack it. He
the order. Does things by the book, because in the big cheese he trusts. He’s whatever colour they paint him.
here. Look at the X-ray.” The plastic piece sits on the desk, ignored all the while. “It’s clear! The shrapnel, they’re gone. I’m not sick anymore, Steve!”
After Steve leaves, Tony tucks himself painfully into his sweatpants, and wonder if the next time, he should also ask specifically for Steve. Just in case.
Tony, on the other hand will be fine. The jump scare was… that was something else, all right? The few people Steve knew who vomited chunks of flesh usually wound up dead immediately after. Tony’s vitals were going
Tissue be damned. He ejaculates all over his front, and Steve, completely unapologetic about making a mess in the workshop, proceeds to scooping the goop on Tony’s stomach into his palm, and slathers it over his own weeping cock. It’s really a shame that at this age, Tony’s refraction time is so appalling, so he only watches as Steve masturbates there and then. His sweater is in complete disarray, and the SHIELD T-shirt he wears underneath has ridden up to expose the sculpted muscles of his lower abdomen, clenching and unclenching with need.
The temperature must’ve dipped several degrees, and Ross’s cool smile widens. “You are quite mistaken, Mr Stark. What I have
He doesn’t care if his face is tear-stricken, if his sobs are wet and wussy, if his ribs are breaking up as he twists and turns. It’s hot, so hot. Feels like every inch of his skin flaying as he’s stretched out on a furnace.
And another figure appears by the entrance. Male, tall. Certainly not as drunk as Tony. He strolls into the gym, unaware of Steve watching them from afar, and crouches to Tony’s eye level. Which is fan-effing-tastic – Steve hopes he drags Tony and his drunkard ass upstairs so
conflicted, torn between hugging Steve for returning in one piece, or punching the light out of his head for the trouble.
“… Having the suits will help a great deal, though,” Tony quips, and takes a sip of water from Steve’s mug.
So, imagine Steve’s surprise to find the car exactly where he left it. Tony, too remains strapped to the passenger seat, though the radio has been mercifully turned off.
“Oh… shit. How did I miss that?” Tony starts jabbing buttons at seemingly random orders, and one by one the wall of monitors before him are turned off.
to catch the projectile – how thick can he be? – and he bolts towards Steve, not waiting to see if it burns a hole in the assassin’s palm.
Steve grunts as his fist collides into the dead weight, and the chains rattle with renewed vigour. He draws a deep breath – he’s better than this, he’s not
here, but the ringing mirth is infectious, and Steve can’t help but break out in chuckles, too. His face feels stretched, the dried up tears a reminder of his ongoing misery. But, just this hour. He’ll have this. Have Tony.
“You keep saying that,” Steve growls, and pushes Tony bodily into the side of the car. He reclaims those lips, and ignores the glint of fire in those hazel irises. “You asked me to leave when you had palladium flooding your body. I didn’t, and it was fine. We pulled through! You’re asking me that again, and you think I’m finally gonna?” He grasps the front of Tony’s shirt, and slams him again into the car. “Can’t you see?” he pleads, the lasts of his syllable cracking. “Please,
“Tony, calm down!” Red and hot flows freely past his philtrum, but Steve doesn’t ease up. “It’s me!”
After a long, considering pause, Ross nods slowly, and Tony turns to Pepper fully. He doesn’t speak, but he knows Pepper hears him
“I want a report on Stark’s come-and-go’s in the last twenty-four hours. I want to know when he left the Tower, what car he drove in, what
Some folks at a tech conference many, many years ago speculated if there’s such a thing as an afterlife, and if there is, how does it look like? Is heaven (or hell) a communal compound where all souls hang out together? So… like planet Earth? Boring. Or, do souls own their private cloud that manifests to their whims and fancies? Tony drained his champagne and seeped away because hypothetical situations are one thing, unsubstantiated beliefs are another, and he has no patience for the latter.
“Tony –” Steve calls frantically. They’d hooked him up by his waist and reverse-bungeed him up to the flyover. Immense relief floods Tony’s system when he sees that Steve is safe and sound, still whole, but it’s too late. “Tony, no,
Even then, he keeps his gaze fixed on Maria’s name, eyes glazing over and don’t blink. It’s a sorrowful sight. Apt, but Steve doesn’t wish it upon him. To Steve, those twenty years since Howard’s passing are nothing. Timeless. He never knew Maria. Tony obviously loved her.
But, beautiful things are meant to be admired, aren’t they? When Steve re-enters the room with a pouch of some sort dangling around his angular hips, Tony looks pointedly away and promptly smashes his face into his pillow.
Tony’s mouth is on him again. His head bobs up and down, before he tilts to the side and brushes Steve’s cock against his tongue and cheek and roof – everywhere, Steve’s flavour must be intoxicating –
Steve closes the gap between them, his forehead resting on Tony’s. The stench of a hard-won battle and… near-death infiltrates his senses. He bathes in it. His heart pumps with renewed vigour, and he knows Tony
He’s a syllable close to dressing Tony down when Vision phases through the far wall and greets them all with a monotonous “Good morning”. Only then does Tony break eye contact to continue perusing his papers, leaving Steve to stew by himself beside the half-empty coffee pot. This isn’t how he imagined morning will be like should he bump into Tony. He’s thinking, a lot of flustering, a sliver of awkwardness to prance about. Not an urge to wring Tony by the neck so he would treat this issue with twelve percent more urgency.
“OK,” he locks himself in the car and checks his surroundings swiftly. The park has fewer folks around. It is past dinner time after all. “How do I do that? What do I say?”
Steve sighs, and checks the dissipating hill of bread packages and water bottle in the cardboard box from the rear-view mirror. He
“We take a break. When the sun sets, we drive as fast as we can. No more breaks after this. I need you sharp.”
’s repertoire. “Christ…” Is it that surprising? He has a junk, it has been in mouths before – he’s ninety-six, he’s not dead – and he knows how to work it best.
before he’s thinking it, dry humping against Tony’s pelvis, cocks and balls gliding along each other. Too many clothes in between, but Tony is getting harder, and Steve is losing control.
your forehead wrinkling from here. Six feet-ish. Blue eyes, like yours actually. Dark brown hair, wavy, shoulder-length.” Steve hears a deep sigh, and Tony muttering under his breath under the helmet. Jargon. Streams of words, or syllables that don’t make sense to Steve. “Parse it through what I said. OK. Hair, right? Crap.”
“Calm down, it’s me,” the person pleads. “It’s me.” His arms and neck are released, and Tony spins around.
Steve cares not – he manoeuvres Tony onto the bed again, patched-up back flat against the firm mattress. And he leans dangerously in, their noses almost touching and their breaths, almost one.
Tony’s back arches as he lets out a long, wanting sigh when Milos grasp his cock. The car swerves sharply to the left, and Tony grapples at the dash for support.
“Nick called for a meeting just now because their radars picked up some anomalies. You weren’t present.” He lets Tony’s jaws go, and backpedals from the cot. The peak in Tony’s pants is telling. Masochistic little shit, this one. “We’re going to the Triskelion.”
So, he walks. He walks although Steve hasn’t started the car despite hogging the driver’s seat for a while now. Still can’t hear the engine revving by the time Tony takes the left turn and loses sight of the road.
One end of the cannula is smudged with something crusty and brownish – his own blood – and there’s residual liquid running inside the lumen.
of course – what would he do if some random schmuck chance upon one and activated a blueprint of a Chitauri-powered super-taser by mistake? “Don’t be a smartass, J. Check my biometrics!” And, he’s annoyed the Helicarriers enough that they’re mounting a counterattack. Something that looks lethal just missed his head by an inch and he swerves away, taking cover in the vortex trails left by the ship’s exhaust. “Would you scan this ship for weak points or
From the tail of his eye, Steve observes Tony chow down scavenged food like it’s the best thing since cronut. He most likely hasn’t eaten in a day. Something twinges in Steve’s chest. There is just so much he wanted to say to Tony. So much to ask. He almost lost that chance. This job, every day may be their last. Doesn’t mean it doesn’t hurt when it happens.
“No, we’re not.” Round and round they go, just chasing tails. “You know what I mean. Anyway, can we – can we not do this now? We deserve a moment’s peace, huh?” That cup of jello sitting in Steve’s hospital food tray looks super fine. “Just you and me, kicking back and hanging out.”
And Tony’s brows fly high up into his hairline. “That’s honestly the last thing I expect to hear from you.”
thing. The right thing and the easy thing is never the same thing, which is why Tony is eyefucking that fancy-schmancy tall flute of black coffee on the menu. If death or imprisonment were to come for him – and he bet all his lofty-but-still-frozen bank accounts that swiftly they will – he wants to go out high on caffeine. As discreetly as Steve can manage, he closes a hand over Tony’s. Briefly but emphatically, because he has this to say, “A heartbeat is long enough to make the right call.”
“Fury, huh?” His name is everywhere. Not even trying to hide his little scheme. “Terminate programme. Get us out, J.”
“Stop molesting me like that,” Tony grits out, somehow managing to glare at Steve from this angle. “It’s distracting.”
Tony drains his steaming coffee in one big gulp, welcoming the sear in his throat. It feels a little hotter under his collar, and Tony wishes the chair he’s seated in could swallow him whole. Nothing about this is natural. From across the table, Steve is watching him pointedly. He thumbs a stray morsel off his lip.
“How long are you staying, Steve?” He won’t say no to a staycation, either. “One day? One week? We can do something fun regardless.”
Welcome to his temple. This is where he prostrates himself before the majesty of bleeding edge science and technology, where humanity on the whole takes another tiny step forward. He stands steadfast on the dais, arms outstretched. His audience is his bots, his symphony provided by equally expensive and advanced Stark-ware. And he, the crafty maestro.
Tony drains half a water bottle in one go, and wipes his mouth brusquely with the back of his hand. “What’s missing is AC/DC blasting ‘Back in Black’ from the radio, close-ups on the tyre and rim as we blaze down the ‘Highway to Hell’. Perfect. Just you and me and a… uh, decapitated Iron Man. We got food, we got water to last us a week. Your shield.” He trails off for one full second and goes, “Pardon me.” Tony twists around to fetch it, where Steve has tucked between the backseat and his own.
Steve forgoes sleep that night to pitch a figurative tent in front of Tony’s workshop. The interior may be dark, punctuated by flashes of something psychedelic. Steve is certain there’s still somebody in there, sciencing, to the extent of
So, this is how Tony masturbates, Steve wonders darkly. Fast strokes, with a choking grip favouring the tip region. Each man to his own. A layer of fluid in between their cocks eases the friction, so it’s not flesh on flesh anymore. Maybe he too is sick of feeling another man’s junk pressing against his.
“Anything’s fine. Thank you.” Steve closes the shower screen again, and continues to shower. When did things get so domestic between them?
The propulsion in his boots almost rips his legs from his hip. He’s feeling the tell-tale heat again, a sign that Extremis has been activated. He’s injured somewhere, and it does hurt, acutely. The best form of anaesthesia is just worrying about civilian death toll upon impact, should he fail.
This is sadly exactly how he envisions things to happen. He still has his other foot in the hallway outside. Just a word, say “no” and he’s gone. Like dust in the wind. He holds his breath, until Fury’s single eye bore into his very skull…
. Looking at the floor wirings, I bet there are explosives involved.” Which is English for “cornered like a rat” without means to escape to ground level short of triggering those piezo themselves and setting everything off. The hostages are as hapless as their potential rescuers. “I’m going in alone.”
But, God… it’s hell, it’s fire and brimstone and he’s melting again, like before, right after the injection –
Steve flattens himself against the wall, creeps as close as he can get to the hinge, and motions for Tony to get the door.
Tony yawns so widely tears prickle at the brim of his eyes, and he stretches in his stupidly tiny plastic chair like a rubber band pulled taut. He stubs his toe against the bedframe – again – and is tired enough that he cans it and not complain to Steve. Like Steve could answer him anyway. Look at him, so sound asleep, oblivious to the goings of the world. Time waits no man, not even Steve Rogers, and time has forgotten about him for all of seventy years.
. It’s been lived in for a while. But the interior décor is what completes the experience. On the far wall directly facing them is SHIELD’s sprawling emblem painted in gold. It’s flanked by the framed portraits of one Margaret Carter, one Phillips Chester and – Tony swears loudly when his shin rams into the side of a table – Howard Stark.
“Huh. Why am I not surprised?” With absurd ease, Tony ejects the magazine and upsets it, his expectation of one that is fully-loaded shattered by the fall of a lone bullet onto the grass.
Tony dives for cover behind a stack of changing locker, pelting fireballs in his wake. He hears screams, and he’s suddenly sorry that he can’t control the temperature of his fires, only the size, and he sure isn’t kid-gloving with candlelight. He hears no retaliatory gun shots, so he musters a larger fireball, screams “Incoming!” at the top of his lung, and bowls it through the door. He’s polite like that.
Tony clamps a fist over his mouth and doubles over, eyes scrunched up as his face flames up. Steve clears his throat again, catching himself staring at Tony for two seconds too long and quickly nods at something Fury says. Probably nothing of grave consequence.
“… I just lost two years off my lifespan.” Which reminds him. “It’s ten fifteen. Give me five minutes. HYDRA files will be making waves on the Net, and you can go to town with them.”
too much about how bizarre his dick must’ve looked like, pitching a tent under the small square of towel about his waist. He stares right up at the ceiling, and swallows thickly when Steve taps him on his wrist.
“Of course, say no and I’ll drop Milos at the next gas station. And you apologise to Nick, make damn sure to respond to every call from SHIELD’s command centre.”
Tony. In the glaze of his brilliant blue eyes, there is the War, sprays of bullet and artilleries, an endless fire.
He hears Steve perfectly, all right. And underneath him, the ground rumbles with the roaring of a straight-4 piston engine. The crown of Steve’s blonde head peeks from the top of his seat. “Yeah, I’m good,” Tony groans, and with great effort, props himself up with an elbow. “Huh. I feel surprisingly normal.”
With a flick of his wrist, the dull hum of machineries dies down, and he steps off the dais. “Steve’s here?”
Tony’s fist clenches by his side as Pepper clasps her mouth in horror. The fact that Ross isn’t the least hesitant to make such serious reveal in the presence of a civilian only meant that he – and the government – has already come to a decision. Ross must’ve heard Pepper’s quickly stifled sharp intake of air, for his next address is for her. “In a week, the committee will release this information to the public. A unanimous decision has been reached last night. We do not mean to sow discord in trying times like this. But, the people must be
Tony slides to the tarmac and rests against the rim of the front wheel. Charging up the helmet will take a while – half an hour, he guestimates – and with nothing else to do with his hands, he’s close to freaking out again. He glances up at the driver’s seat, checks if the coast is clear, and glances up again.
“You sure?” He looks around, not understanding how millions of shards falling from the sky can all fall into the Potomac like God Himself has scripted this, and miss
Tony replaces the knife and his apple on the side table. “What do you want me to say, huh? My condolences? That I’m sorry?”
“I don’t want to… stereotype, or appear prejudiced,” he rubs at a tender spot in his forehead, “but the simplest explanation is often the best one. Is this Chinese propaganda?”
“It’s fine. I won’t mind a pretty young thing tending to my papercut, but look.” Tony wriggles his injured finger, now glowing brilliantly in orange that the bone structures encapsulated by the flesh are visible. Steve stares at it in awe, but underlying all that Tony senses unrest. And Steve is justified to resent Extremis.
He wants to know where the Mandarin was last seen at. He wants to know how many are loyal to his mission, his weaponry of choice, what he had for breakfast yesterday. The row of spotlights dim as the projector turns on. He squints at lines and lines of information before they’re properly formed, hunting for keywords, and nada. What JARVIS
December second, it’s a Saturday, and seven-oh-five in the morning. Hello, Manhattan. While still lying on his back, head nestling in his pillow, Steve Rogers pulls the sheets off his waist and turns off his bedside alarm. He hasn’t slept a wink all night, having stared at a light brown spot in the northwest corner of the ceiling. He would’ve counted the number of street lights lining the sidewalk forty-five floors below.
“It’s a date.” Tony winks at Steve, and hightails in the opposite direction. Somewhere between a decent speed on the tracks and building lactic acid in his quadriceps femoris muscle, he receives an automated text message to confirm his slot with the spa at four thirty. His only reply is a stream of cuss words under his breath as he trades the treadmill for a sandbag.
The real reason he’s unpacking his suitcase after having checked into a Pendry suite is because cash is king, even in this business. The God-honest truth is, it’s not cheap to run a pharmaceutical firm, and it’s not cheap to operate the labs. Labour alone takes a huge chunk of the fund, and that’s where Tony comes in. He’s meant to expand that cash pool so the folks on Cetta’s payroll keep their asses in their respective seats and make this all work somehow.
. Sooner or later, they’re going to know who he is. He won’t be surprised if the birth certificate of his scrawny Brooklyn ass makes headlines tomorrow morning.
He’s eyeballing it. No way his shot will go wide, even a Stormtrooper can’t miss a ship that gigantic! But it’s tough. Kudos to SHIELD engineers and mechanics. He seethes as he watches the hull brushes off attacks like pelted eggs. “That does it. JARVIS? Please tell me you’re here, buddy. I’d like to run all the calculations myself, but I don’t have X-ray eyes, so I need you –”
. That’s the alarm going off. He lets go of the generator he’s clinging to, and almost chokes with glee as his garage, two floors below is positively
wants to crumple that phone into the next Dada and hell, drives the truck away. A hijacking done right. The man stows that phone into his pocket, and grips his hair by his ears real tightly. “
With a swift tug, Tony pulls Steve’s sweatpants loose. He thrusts his hip into Steve’s, their cocks and balls smashing into a mess of grimy flesh. “Why won’t you fight me?” It’s a one-handed clap, a solo jig to a lonely number. Steve’s flaccid cock feels cool against his erection, and Tony rubs himself against it with fervour. “You gonna let me do anything to you for Barnes?”
Steve releases his balls with a satisfyingly loud smack, and Tony bops his shoulder with his knee. There’s an assassin showering two doors down and Steve is trying to be a smartass. “Spider is
What is Steve Rogers doing on one beautiful Sunday morning, on a rare off day from SHIELD and Avengers duties? The same thing Tony Stark is doing. Tony is currently lying on a creeper below the belly of a car, his long legs sticking out. Steve has done maintaining his Harley Davidson and is quite content with nursing a can of isotonic drink and watching Tony modify the vehicle. Wiping sweat off his neck with a rag, Steve nudges Tony’s ankle with his toes and asks, “How are you holding up?”
Cool breeze hits his inner thighs. Piles of clothes pool around his ankles – his own boxer shorts among the discard.
Steve hopes that amount of verbal menacing was enough to keep Tony on his best behaviour twenty-four seven, eight days a week. What happens instead is, he doesn’t see Tony in person for the next four days. Unsettling. He purposely parks himself in shared areas of the Tower, the kitchen mostly, because despite the sprawling floorspace the Tower has, Tony only stashes his best coffee beans in this cabinet
Not information per se. The Goblin’s target has always been Tony. The piezo, the bombs. He makes sure only a flyer will attempt to reach him. Steve was so close to signing off
The top three buttons on Tony’s dress shirt, faded with wear, Steve manages to undo in a breeze. He drags a finger from the base of Tony’s throat to the dip of his collar bone, and over the reinforced glass of the arc reactor. How odd, to light up so brightly but remain so cool to touch. Even the scars crisscrossing around it are fascinating.
Four days, no kidding. Even JARVIS doesn’t take his questions anymore. He rides the elevator down to the basement workshop one evening, see if maybe Tony is there. He is. The lights are on, AC/DC blaring from the PA system. As long as Steve doesn’t find a half-rotting corpse slumped over one of those expensive workbenches, it’s fine.
Tony almost walks into a five-feet tall Dracaena shrub on his exit. “Steve,” he greets chirpily. “Hey there.” Steve the masseur, who else is there, as kismet will have it. All decked out in his uniform that flatters all the right bulges and angles.
Regrets. That’s the one thing he can’t let go, the one thing he can’t fix, even if God Himself bestow him with a second chance. It happened with Peggy, with Bucky. Twice was really enough.
A line speeds across the screen, stark green against black. “What is it?” Steve asks, and watches it blink thrice before it disappears.
JARVIS informs him that Tony is still snoozing by the time he trudges into the Tower’s foyer. Probably sleeping off yesterday’s hangover. Steve’s still moody, he’s pissed off. He
He releases the catch and pulls the reactor out of the casing, taking care to keep the electromagnet attached. This is fine, the reactor is just a battery, as long as he doesn’t pull it out like a freaking trout, his heart is going to be just fine.
“You mentioned the Winter Soldier?” Tony grunts with difficulty. He wriggles under the offensive vice grips because he needs his windpipes to speak, thank you very much. “I fought him. Twice. He’s the reason I’m a Human Torch.” And because he’s an idiot with no sense of self-preservation, he continues, “Lady, if I’m serious about hurting you, I’ll be torching this ground to kingdom come right now. Think! I survived this Winter Soldier twice, the SOB who did Nick in. You tell me if I’m joking.” The crosshairs on Steve’s chest waver, and Tony decides to go in for the kill. “Let’s switch up the POV. You don’t trust us,
“I’ve got like, five emergency accounts under aliases around the country, in case I needed to go incognito. When things go belly up.”
Steve catches himself staring at a particularly ugly bruise on Tony’s stomach for far too long. Which is too bad, because Tony catches him first.
. I’m not torching anything.” He hobbles away from Steve and the wall, and finds the dusty typewriter particularly interesting. “So, this is SHIELD.”
“Be safe, Tony,” Steve says again under his breath, as Rumlow closes his gloved hand over Steve’s shoulder.
, he presses the heels of his palms into his eyeballs until he sees stars. He should’ve just gouged them up with a spoon and be done with this.
“I’m so sorry about this,” Steve vaults over the hood and promptly drags the man to the tarmac with him. A few stray bullets ricochet off the car.
The chirpy quality to the speaker’s baritone flashes down Tony’s spine and right into his crotch. “Uh, hello. I’m calling from Suite 616 –”
Then, Tony holds his hand out under Steve’s elbow. The first time he acknowledges Steve since the gay parade.
But it wasn’t… bad. It wasn’t bad at all. It was decent. More than decent. Tony leaves Steve a large tip with the lady attending to him at the front desk. This neither changes nor validates anything. It’s providing reward commensurate to the quality of service rendered.
The imagery from the TV sets floods his senses. All comes at once, and he cradles the tablet in his lap. “JARVIS, where’s Tony? He’s still out there somewhere, is he?”
That sounds like crap just hit the fan, and they better hurry their asses over to New Jersey. “What happened?”
He pumps relentlessly, pushing Steve closer and closer to the edge. Half-lidded eyes, half-gaping mouth, chest fluttering like there is no air. Makes Tony want to tease him more. See him lose control.
gets tangled, even by the end of the craziest days. He remembers her patented, quiet smile, the one that exudes understanding and encouragement, and means anything but.
“That was just one time, and it was unintentional. You were skulking in a dark corner, and neither of us have super-sight.”
“My image? What image? Contrary to popular belief, I’m actually fine with this. I’m not embarrassed – I rather enjoy myself.”
With due respect, dissing SHIELD in full view of its founder’s resting place is bad taste. Steve wasn’t around when SHIELD came about, and Tony was too young to remember its glory days. SHIELD no doubt has changed over the years, morphing from the idealistic peacekeeper it was when Howard and Peggy were helming it, to a more jaded, pragmatic one Fury now leads. For better or worse, it adapts. Only then can it survive the trial and tribulation of time.
And the fireball Tony has been nurturing with his right palm is thrown towards a Harley Davidson. Charred metal bits leapt magnificently into the sky in a burst of fireworks, and with it comes their strategic respite, however momentary.
“Has it eaten at your Boy Scout conscience already? Sleepless nights, hmm? Maybe that’s why you’re so eager to answer Fury’s call. Keep the wet dreams at bay.”
He can’t have imagined it, can it? A sweltering heat from the inside? But, the blue luminescence of the device is as glorious as ever. The electromagnet is still functioning.
Still, evidence first, speculation second. Evidence of SHIELD plotting Doomsday that he yet has, and must furnish the board ASAP. Hear that sound? That’s him banging his forehead repeatedly into his keyboard. But he
Walking off a lethal injury, boiling water in the car… he’s awesome, period. He’s really warming up to his powers. In between gulps of liquid monosodium glutamate, Tony sort of hangs around the backseat and makes himself comfortable as Steve drives them to –
Infantry Regiment of the New York Army National Guard, before I selected him for the Howling Commando.”
“The current plan is what? Walk through Triskelion’s front door with guns blazing? Jump onto one of those Helicarriers and force them down to the ground? Kidnap Alexander Pierce and make him pull the plug on Insight? We have no plan of action, Steve!”
Steve clears his throat. His eyes – deep set and piercing blue, Tony sees them now – never wander, and they hold Tony’s gaze with respect. “Whatever it is you’re experiencing right now, is pretty normal and happens regularly with the other male clients we get here. It’s the body’s natural response to touches, even one as clinical as this.”
Tony, still holding his gaze, untangles his arms to brace the table instead. “Is that why you stop coming onto me?”
So, Steve follows Tony back into the kitchen, and retakes the spot he stood at not too long ago. The tiles still feel warm.
“Tony!” He roundhouses something that looks like a boot, and it curves sharply right before it smashes into the pillar. “Shut them down!”
with them, but never knew if that Sergeant from Louisiana was ever married with kids. Point is, not one day passes without a mention of Tony Stark in the bulletins somewhere – in print or online. Steve sleeps two floors below Tony. Eats food cooked in his kitchen, showered with water paid for by him.
because even with all the money in his bank account, he’s no longer calling the shots. And he needs this specific shot called
The vein in Steve’s temple pops, and he nearly spits into the mic, “It’s gonna have to be a solo mission tonight, Nick.”
After dinner one Wednesday, he hangs back in the kitchen instead of returning to his room or the study as per usual. Even a genius has to eat, right? But Tony never appears, and it’s ten thirty. Steve has sat by and stood around and leaned against the kitchen island since seven. Thor would’ve called this “fated”. He grabs a glass of water and makes for his bedroom upstairs, and lo and behold! Here comes Tony Stark from the elevator, grimy from head to toe, clad in clothes that might’ve seen better days.
another gurney, naked from the waist up and shivering under the poorly regulated air-conditioning. He has been on gurneys enough to last a year, Christ, he is
The fucking resumes, and Steve only realises how white his knuckles have become on his steering wheel. Yeah, no. He concedes. He
“I still do. Stay close to me, stay behind the shield. Throw two more of that fireballs, and we go!”
They chance upon a truck parked under a large tree, and an appreciable distance away from the main hoo-hah. Tony must’ve liked it a lot, because he’s already cupping his face to the window, peering into the backspace.
And why is he not surprised to find Tony loitering by the reception counter at the grand foyer, flirting with the twenty-something red-head wearing a tight pencil skirt?
The suite comes with complimentary spa packages – Tony’s delighted by this card that’s been carefully laid out on his desk – and immediately calls the front desk to book a session. There’s a masseur available in the afternoon – in exactly one hour, in fact – and Tony considers. He’s not very big on massages, but when he does get some, he prefers female fingers working his knots. Seems like such a waste to let a freebie like this go by though, so Tony says his yes, and goes to shower.
Steve doesn’t answer, and waits for Tony to lock eyes with him. He needs to see it in those hazel irises himself. He needs to see that Tony is OK. And he gets more that he bargains for – Tony folds his arms across his chest, and smirks that playboy smirk like he’s
“Always wanting, don’t you? Ever been on the receiving end, Stark?” Freeing one arm, Steve cups a globe of Tony’s buttock, and shamelessly kneads him in full view of anyone in the vicinity. “I can give you what you want.” He drags the tips of all four fingers between the cheeks. “Just ask.” Pressing into the entrance –
“That, I am. And I see you’re using my company’s proprietary facial recognition algorithm to match my handsome face to a database. Which? SHIELD? New York-Presbyterian Hospital? Redtube?”
“Tony,” Steve unfolds his arms as he addresses the room. “Zola wrote Insight algorithm from Camp Lehigh. He didn’t mean to launch it from there.”
Steve quickly learns. In the bowels of the bank, the Goblin has locked up thirteen hostages, one of them a girl aged five – the daughter of the bank’s regional manager. What information the Goblin seeks he never specifies, and that makes the Avengers, SHIELD and the NYPD nervous.
“You know, I made these holograph techs because I didn’t like working on screens of finite sizes that I can’t take with me wherever.” He turns the spray bottle on himself and douses his whole head in liquid nanofiber. “With this, we can put visuals up anywhere and anyhow we like them.” He plucks a black button badge from Steve's hand and fixes it to his collar. Sighing softly, he squeezes it, and though he feels absolutely nothing, he knows he’s already wearing the lady’s face. Steve’s bemused expression confirms it. “I don’t mean for this to happen, Steve. I don’t want to make weapons anymore, and I created something worse.”
