Dean dropped everything running to Jensens side untying him as he fell in Deans arms, Dean sighed as he felt Jensen breathing against his neck while carrying his son back to the car, while telling Sam to drive Jensens car to the motel. "Dad, what was she doing to me?" Jensen coughed out next to Dean. "Not sure, lets just get you to Cas alright?" Dean only heard the thud of Jensens head against the car window.
"My problems back, help me get rid of it please?" Dean asked ever so politely.
"Sorry, i just need to go pee..." Dean slowly slid off the couch heading to wherever the bathroom was once asking Cas where it was.
2nd Month:
"Hello, Dean." Castiel spoke from the left of Deans bed making the hunter make a squeak as he jumped. "Cas! What the hell man!" Dean quickly closed the video, slamming the laptop shut, while attempting to hide his naked body from the angel. "Oh, I've done it again?" Castiel looked at Dean.
Jensen went to pick his bag up when Misha walked over biting his lip, "Jensen?"
Dean enjoyed the confusion on his father’s face, but saw his eyes widen forcing himself to look away from Dean. Dean just hops off his stool, to slowly slide his jeans down his legs, leaving him in his panties kneeling back on the stool picking up his blade slowly tracing shapes to carve into Johns chest. “Daddy, my pussy is ready for you,” Dean looked over to Castiel who began walking over with one of the cleaner knives in his hand, one hand glides over Deans bare skin.
"Hey sweetie how was your walk?" His mother's cheerful voice came from the dinner table. "It was.. alright." Connor pulled his best fake smile, he knew his step-father was in the room, he could smell him. "Hmm, do me a favour go do the shopping for us." His stepfather slurred out to Connor while shoving his card in Connors' hand and turning him in the direction of the door. "Uhh, sure..." Connor looked back to his mother who only smiled at him, but it wasn't a happy one.
Oops, I forgot what day it was, but here's an update!
Dean just ran off towards the main building where his class was, it wasn't long until Dean had to go it to his class. He was the last through the door, taking one look at Cas calmed him down. But Dean was quiet the entire time, he didn't even look up once.
"Mish, gotta go baby." Jensen sighed out. "Take me with you?" Misha broke away from Jensens neck with a slight groan. "I..I can't, but I'm going to cuz I'm gonna get shouted at anyway." Jensen smiled as Misha made his way to the passenger side.
Some small part of Castiel knew, that this was different to the millions of fake Dean's he'd slaughtered, but he ignored it. Heaven had given him this task, and who was he to question it.
"Spread them open baby boy." Castiel tapped Deans legged that opened quickly allowing Castiel in between them, praising Dean the whole time he worked him open enough for his cock. Dean moaning loud when Castiel entered the tight heat "daddy, your big!" Deans arms were soon wrapped around Cas' neck and his legs around Cas' waist as Castiel moved.
Sighing from the floor Arrow collected his books shoving them into his bag, so he could reach his last lesson of the day, the lesson he was dreading. P.E. Groaning inside his mind as he stood, not noticing the air around him had gone cold as he left the hallway to class.
"Well, Sammy. Gonna give ya old pal a hug or would that be awkward after all this time?" Gabriel smirked as he faced the younger Winchester. "I don't want to hug you, you're different.."
But please just bare with me.
Driving faster then he should back to his home, parking the car up before getting out, taking Mishas hand in his with a small shy smile. "Come on."
PLEASE BE PATIENT!
"A-Arrow, that's my name. I just got your number off a guy who said you could help, but it would probably be better if someone who knew what they were doing to get this. Right?" Arrow could only hear a sigh and a mumble.
Dean sighed closing his eyes, “I wanna try again.” Dean mutters opening one eye to look at Cas who just seemed less confused but still confused. “Sex, Cas sex.” Dean chuckled at the silent ‘oh’ from Cas.
Sam moaned when he would lock eyes with his brother, Gabriel would tighten his grip and move faster. Dean would bite his lips with Castiel kissing and biting at his brother's neck, Sam before he knew it he was coming all over Gabriel's hand at the sight.
Sighing slowly as the heat from the sun was keeping him slightly warm. It was just the beginning of spring, so it was getting slightly warmer but not that much better.
Dean whined at Castiel "but, you said you play wif me!" Dean giggled at Castiel dropping him on the bed. "Fine, you promise you'll sleep after?" Dean nodded quickly, beginning to strip under Castiel's predatory gaze. "Daddy! I ready!" Dean opened his legs allowing Castiel in between them. "Mmm such a good boy," Castiel smiled at Dean leaning down kissing his pouting pink lips.
"So good my Sweet Omega." Castiel mumbled bottoming out listening to every whine, whimper and moan coming from the boy under him. "P-Please Daddy.." Dean didn't quite know what he was pleading for, but whatever it was Castiel seemed to know since he set a brutal pace.
Dean likes his new neighbour who moved in the house opposite his.
"I'm in charge now." Dean smirked, at the withering boy under him. "Deean, don't tease me now, also you were always in charge." Chase pointed out. "So, how well can you stay quiet when there's a dick in your ass?" Dean asked poking Chase's hole with the head of his dick. "I can be quiet, can you?" Chase challenged Dean, making Dean push forward the head of his cock disappearing into Chase, biting his lips quickly while holding onto Dean. "Holy shit... Fu-" Chase cut Dean off by pulling him down to kiss him.
But when You finally decide to give up and your feelings for Dean, You go after some stranger for the night, Dean suddenly decides to step up.
Dean waited for hours before he finally got to go home to his bed, hopefully he wouldn't be going with his father as he was going into his heat.
"It's okay, Dean, I'm watching over you." Castiel whispered as Dean stared up at the blue eyes that were looking down. Dean lost the fight for staying awake as soon as his eyes closed he was out. Castiel still held him, smiling at the small body in his arms, he liked keeping Dean in his arms because Cas knew he was safe, but he knew after this baby stage Dean will go back to being well, Dean.
Will be continued.. in a few days.
"It's nothing! I just want to know if I can have a thing for Misha,
"Alright, you want it hard, I'll do it hard." Dean whispered in Jensens ear before making one quick thrust into Jensen who gripped onto Deans arm.
Possible ending point, unless you guys want this to continue then Idk. This is what I've got so far, but if you guys want more then comment, maybe?
Dean and Sam were waiting in the car while Shay and Cas wondered around the building for a way in. Castiel signalling them to move, they climbed through a window fallen ever so gracefully onto the floor. "So now what, and what the hell is that smell?" Dean covered his nose with his sleeve.
Everything changed again.
It took three hours to get to the street.
"You little tease," Dean was in heaven "uh, I know this sounds weird but Misha?" Dean looked over at Misha who had stripped off his clothes, wrapping his own hand around his own cock. Misha seemed to already know what Dean was going to ask as he walked over, going on the right side of Dean, using Cas' voice as he whispered in his ear. "Hello Dean," Deans hips rose up into Jensens hand. "oh fuck, don't please..." Jensen stopped his hand while Misha stepped back. "Dean?" everyone turned looked towards the sound of the voice.
Dean and Castiel had been spending all their Christmas' with family, which Castiel found fun, but also tiring so he asked Dean if they could stay home this year, and spent time with their kids.
"Why are you so good at that!?" Dean panted as he flopped to lie down on the bed next Castiel who smirked. "Well I am your first, and I know what parts to hit." They both chuckled but Deans smile quickly fell. "Will my brother be ok?" Dean now turned to rest his head on Castiel's chest "with Gabriel yes, but Lucifer I'm not so sure he will alright."
"Alright, just stand back ok? Demons aren't easy." Dean told Connor who sat on a box in the corner watching them place Connors stepdad on a chair in a weird thing on the floor, apparently, it kept the demon powerless. Connor just sat still when the demon opened its eyes, smirking instantly at the Sam and Dean.
“I bumped into someone and I can’t get him out of my goddamn head!” Dean threw his hands in the air when he talked, this made Bobby laugh at him.
Dean loved hearing his names coming from the Alpha. "Take me, Alpha. Make me yours." Dean whispered tugging on Cas' coat. "Mmm, no need to tell me twice, Omega." Castiel stepped back, ordering Dean to go on the bed while he stripped off. When Castiel was completely naked, Dean still had his shirt on but Cas didn't make a move to remove it from him.
“M-my mom, she’s dead… some idiot murdered her when she was coming home from work,” Dean spoke behind his sniffles as he just wanted to forget the memory but knew he couldn’t if he tried. “Ah, you feel angry towards the person that murdered her? Understandable, I could always look into this and perhaps we could relive some of this unnecessary angry so my little boy can rest easy,” Castiel sat on the bed rocking Dean back and forth, it surprised Dean but he relaxed into the solid form that was Cas, he even closed his eyes letting a small smile at the sound of humming he could hear the vibration while resting his head lulling him into a peaceful sleep.
Cas got out from the bed to get a cloth to clean Dean up, as well as giving lazy kisses in the warm morning sun, that was managing to get through the smallest of gaps in the curtains.
Dean wakes up in a strange house.
Dean was made to make eye contact as Castiel brought him to look at him, kissing his gently moaning at the taste of his blood inside Deans mouth. "I loved it Dean, I..." Castiel smiled down at Dean who had tears in his eyes, "let's go to sleep ok?" Castiel walked off to the bathroom, sighing as he gripped the counter.
"Well, I hope you enjoy your stay, are you hungry?" Dean nodded fast as Cas finished the question. So Cas took him into the kitchen telling him to help himself. Which Dean gladly did, making his own dinner while Cas went into another room to read his book.
Jay (the bully in the first part) becomes Arrows friend, thought I'd mention that here so you don't get confused why he's in here. And there are a few time skips...
Castiel was four fingers in Dean already making him close to releasing before Castiel even had a chance to get his dick inside him. “You ready Dean?” Castiel asked only to get a mumbled ‘yes’ and a nod of the head.
There was a smirk on Deans face as Cas read.
"Shut up, he treats me good, and I mean
"I wonder what we'll be doing tomorrow?" Dean spoke walking towards his apartment, Cas unlocked his door him and Dean had finally placed furniture into his apartment now.
Castiel and Dean were picking baby names, they had their top five names. Castiel was out shopping when it happened, getting a call from their neighbour.
That was the first thing Dean didn't like, second she will be one where she doesn't sound like she's actually enjoying it, with fake moans and fake everything. But it was all part of the job. You have to fake it.
"Don't worry baby, I just need to have a little chat with your father, that is all." Dean hides behind his Daddy all the way to his fathers office. No other alphas bothered looking in their direction.
"I'm his son?" Chase was unsure of the answer he was supposed to give.
Cas moved closer to Dean so their legs touched, Dean even shifted closer as well placing Cas' leg on top of his.
"Will you.. uh, stay with me then?" Connor awkwardly stumbled over the words, but not missing that Dean agreed to stay with him for a while. "Oh okay." Connor found sleep easy that time, the warmth from Deans body and the arms wrapped around him were comforting.
"There you go, would you like to sit downstairs by the fire?" Dean reached out for Cas while nodding.
"I was with Chris, we had football practice, so yeah..." Jensen watched as all three sets of eyes widened "wait, you're on the football team?" Jensen quickly nodded as Dean relaxed. "But apparently now I gotta watch what I eat, coach seemed pissed when I told him what food I've been eating," Jensen rocked on his feet as he handed his bag over to Sam, who got the piece of paper Jensen's coach gave him. "You are really not going to enjoy this." Sam laughed as he gave the paper to Dean and Cas to look over.
"I can do so much more," Arrow was about to question what before a mouth covered his cock, making him make the strangest sound to ever come out of him just for Dean to cover his mouth with his own. "Fuck.. wait wait wait!" Arrow pulled away quick Dean tapped Cas' head. "Umm... y-you guys will go easy right?" Arrow looked at them both his nerves got in the way again.
A curious Omega Dean watches gay porn, while an unexpected visitor comes in.
https://discord.gg/suyZQfC - My Discord come say hi! :)
Dean had stopped by his dorm room seeing a little green note on his bed,
I love you people who have commented. :)
"I was at work, what have you been doing all day, hiding in bed?" Dean whimpered out his answer for Castiel. "Can you touch me again?" Dean mumbled out while looking anywhere but in Castiel's direction.
"Winchester, I need your permission to have Dean as my omega and mate." John quickly stood from his desk at the sound of Castiels voice. "oh-uh yeah, you can have Dean." Dean let off a happy scent that filled the room.
we don't just talk about the show as we talk about other fandoms as well as just being a big family.
Crowley (he not dying on me.)
The one week Abaddon and Cain went away for a little while to do business for Hell, was when Azazel and Alastair came poking around. Dean was beyond frustrated so he went out to take his anger out on to very good punching bags. To bad that wasn't how it went.
well... Merry Christmas & Happy New Year guys!
"Thanks Jo.." Dean gave a small smile while walking in the room "No problem and maybe you can help me with the little coffee shop that we own." nodding his head Dean agreed he will probably need something to get his mind of the whole family shit...
"So, you always like that?" Dean caught up with Arrow that was easy, Arrow just shrugged. "Not really, got fed up." Sam trailed behind as they talked.
Walking faster off trail with whatever it is following him. Turning around he comes face to face with an Angel, stepping back he's never met an Angel before this one feels powerful. "Hello, Dean." The voice rumbles through Dean, his tail curled around his right leg.
Also there isn't any strict rule about merpeople going on land. The sea/ocean where they occupy belongs to them, as well as the beach that the sea touches.
Jensen drove as careful as he could to Chris', parking up on his drive like Chris told him to, walking to the door hearing music already blaring out from the house. "Jensen! Come here!" Chris pulled Jensen in the house dragging him straight to the kitchen where the drinks were. "Go nuts!" Chris yelled over the music before leaving Jensen on his own.
"Cas?!" There was clear panic in Sams voice as Cas' head dropped to the seat. Dean just sniffed the other puppy under him. "Cas?" Dean barked, as Castiels eyes shot open.
It was only two months later a girl in Deans school had gone missing, Dean didn't know the girl but he was now getting stressed over it, Dean isn't stupid he keeps up with the news. The police are suspecting it was the same person, but they haven't given this man/woman a name, but Dean had figured out the pattern, this person only kidnapped people who had blond hair and green eyes.
Dean would sometimes subconsciously rub a hand over the bump, making a smile appear on his face.
"Oh fuck me," Connor breathed out. "Not now, baby." Dean gave a weak laugh which was more like a breath, picking up a pair of their boxers to wipe them off, so they could settle down into bed again. Connor refused to release Dean mumbling out a weak "Cuddles," making Dean kiss the top of Connors' head. "Alright cuddly teddy bear, cuddle and sleep," Dean whispered to an already sleeping Connor.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean arching up attempting to get contact to his little dick, Castiel pinned his hips down instantly. "Ah ah ah, be still boy." Castiel momentarily left Dean to remove his own clothes.
Castiel walked towards you silently, taking off the blanket that was covering your body before one of his shaking hands went to hover over your throat, another unzipped his jeans pulling out his hardened cock before positioning himself over your sleeping form.
"If I can deal with being female, and feeding you.. then you can deal with being a teenage girl." Castiel put one of his hands on his hips, staring at Dean who was actually pretty attractive. Dean clearly noticed the looks he was getting from Cas feeling good about being looked at like that.
Kissing Dean passionately feeling Dean smile was more than enough for Castiel to freak out over his untouched feelings. "Goodnight, we must sleep now." Castiel heard Dean sigh happily, head resting on Castiel's shoulder, a hand was placed on Castiel's chest over his heart.
Castiel slowly placed his hands on Deans burning skin as he guided the little omega back, so he was sat nicely in his lap with his Daddy's cock disappeared inside his tight ass.
Dean and Castiel have ended up falling into their new daily plans, it's been several months Dean has talked to Cas about his past. Cas didn't even push Dean to talk about it, once again Dean was grateful to have Cas by his side.
Jesse spent a few days wondering around the town picking up bits and pieces that his mom needed before he had to leaving. He had also seen the two brothers walking around, once overhearing them talking about a werewolf or a vampire he couldn't quite remember.
Still, its not like they'd only bad memories of that place, the ache of homesickness may have diminished but being close to home stirred memories of their mother. She'd had to leave home too, and their were going to meet up but she'd had become a different person. The road had turned her from loving mother to, well a badass. Still Dean missed his old home.
*****
Sam/Lucifer will show the same with Sam/Gabriel. You have to be patient for that part, as Sam is younger and Castiel actually needs to meet up with his brothers and tell him about the younger lad. Okay?
At sixteen Dean was going to a mixed school with Betas and Omegas, since his father had thought that was the safest option for Dean, but Dean wasn't as happy as he'd like to be. Not ever since Cas stopped talking to him, he never got a reason for why Cas had just left, for a whole year Dean would watch the black and blue tail, hoping that he would come over and talk to him again, Cas never did. So Dean just gave up, looking after his little brother and Gabriel, Cas' little brother. He wishes that he could talk to his Cas again.
"Ahgh ffuck me, Daddy!" Dean gripped Castiel's shoulder tightly, nails digging into the flesh. The sounds of skin slapping skin, the small squeaky moans from Dean. "Please, Daddy please, please, please!" Dean begged, groaning... Sam gasped awake gripping the couch, looking around the room looking at the time meaning he had slept for at least five hours, before seeing he was alone with Gabriel again and a boner from having a dream about his damn brother.
The outside world didn’t bother the two. Only when Dean was getting his knives twisted if someone stares a little too long at him, as he was growing up under the watchful eyes of his Killer they were dragged back.
A few decent hours past until Dean woke once more to a wandering hand going slowly to his ass he just remained silent letting the man do whatever he wanted, it soon became a thing for them first thing in the morning, Dean would be given a nice hard dick in his ass to help wake him up, lunch was Castiel’s play time, in between lunch and dinner were the interesting times, Dean would be on edge the whole time wondering when Cas would decide to “play”. Dinner Dean would be under the damn table being fed, supper was Daddy’s special milk time if Dean was a good boy during the day anyway.
“Scream for me,
"Hey, Arrow how are you feeling bud?" Dean lifted his jacket off Arrows body dropping it beside him so he could check his wound on his chest. "My mom is gonna kill me..." Arrow grunted grabbing Deans hand as he came closer to the wound causing a little pain along with it.
Downing his second glass of whisky, the doors of the bar opened revealing the older bowlegged Winchester, his hat was low on his face so the only part you could see were his pink pouty lips. The younger taller Winchester followed shortly after, his hat wasn't as low as the eldest Winchester had but you couldn't see his eyes.
Dean, Dean, Dean, Dean. You naughty boy.
Castiel took in the situation, the omega was whimpering curling up on the floor with his pants halfway down his legs where the Alphas pants were undone, causing a snarl to be released from Castiel. “Get the hell away.” He stood in front of the boy protectively but the snarl had the other alpha running out the aisle.
With that said Cas got up going back to his study, ordering a few little things for Dean, as well as himself. Dean was sat alone with his notebook, picking up a pen to begin writing another short story.
Dean and Sam in their room were not getting along, Dean arguing about how he never wanted to do another Case in this town/state/place again. Sam on the other hand kept telling Dean to suck it up and get over it. Which ended up with Dean slamming their motel room door. Dean breathed out heavily as he walked towards the direction Baby, but he turned towards the way that Castiel's room was in. Stopping as he reached the door, Dean hesitated at first, but once his fist connected with the door, the feeling left him.
"Cas come on, he has feathers they are so soft!" Dean went to reach for Shays feathers again but the look on Shay made him think twice. "Dean.. please don't.. I won't be able to control it.." Shay weakly said, as the older Winchester retreated. "I'm.. I'm sorry." Dean apologised leave Shay shaking in a chair with Castiel to clean up his mess again.
Dean and Sam have the bunker, they still hunt, Jensen knows about the things that hide in the darkness.
"Dean, you need food yet?" Dean lifted his fluffy brown head as he stared at Sam, plodding over to his food bowl once it was filled. Clearly Dean didn't mind eating the food.
"Because bucko you an Cassie are mates, well soul mates in your case," everyone turned their heads to the sound of the voice, seeing Gabriel. "You did this?! Turn them back now!" Sam rose from his seat, standing in front of Gabriel. "No can do, Sammy! I've got more planed for all three of ya, so hang tight boys, I'll let you know when its over." With that said Gabriel left with a wink.
Castiel had no idea why, the brothers went silent after the name of the place they would be driving to. "Dean just do it, you've done it before." Sam reassured his brother, as well as telling him it was probably just another easy spirit.
One: Dean was having a very nice time with a blonde girl he picked up at a bar. Second: he walked in on Dean having an intimate moment with his pillow
The car had stopped outside a nicely lit house, the front garden had Christmas lights with reindeer's pretending to pull Santa sleigh. It made Dean feel safer but he whimpered out loud.
As soon as both boys went out the door they heard Sam rush around behind the closed door, they weren't really going to get food. But Dean and Jensen got in their beloved Impala, to drive around for ten minutes.
"Hey," You shyly smiled at Dean who grunted. "Great talk." You mumble standing clutching your towel so it would drop, walking towards Deans bag you grab one of his shirts to sleep in, you've always waited until Dean was asleep before taking one of his shirts but again you were tired so you couldn't be bothered hiding. Pulling it over your body as the towel dropped to the floor, turning around seeing Dean watching you.
Castiel shifted himself so Dean could sit on the bed next to him. "I'll show you how its done, got it?" Dean looked at Castiel who firmly nods. Copying Deans movements, he had one hand wrapped around the shaft as he slowly stroked himself.
Two beers in Chase was getting used to the place, Sam and Dean had gone off to the pool table Sam was just mostly standing there as Dean played. Chase was looking at a few young girls in the corner, his attention was brought back to the brothers for a quick second as Dean punched a guy, with Sam dragging Dean away.
" Dean snarled showing his teeth, Cas licked Deans nose surprising him. And once again Castiel was underneath Dean, for the second time.
"Did you tell him?" Dean sat up as Arrow to roll on his back "no, he figured it out and he asked if he could join in..." Cas and Dean looked at each other before smiling. "Alright, but first let's have a bit of fun with you." Castiel moved over to the bed their clothes already off, taking Arrow by surprise "whoa.. forgot you can do that..."
Once the two gave their numbers Arrow and Scarlet began to walking home. Finding out they had a lot in common, not knowing they had taken a long way. "So, you liking those men I saw you hanging out with today?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Well that ended differently then I expected it to, oh well!
"Well that's Dean, and that's Castiel. They're dogs, Gabriel did this." Sam spoke as Dean jumped off the bed seeing the familiar face of Bobby. "Oh great, he's a bitch. Castiel and him had sex yet? Or they still running around chasing their tails?" Dean growled at both Sam and Bobby.
(See the end of the chapter for
You awoken around midday, the boys sitting at the table with food. Yawning as you rub your eyes with the back of your hand. "Morning y/n" Sam smiles at you while you walk over plopping yourself on Deans lap. He surprisingly didn't react to you until you took a bite of his food. "Hey! You know I don't share." Dean muttered as you giggle at his outburst taking another bite.
Cas heard Dean call out to him, so he walked to his room. knocking on his bedroom door "Dean?" Cas only opened the door slightly, Dean was panting on his bed, one hand wrapped around the base of his cock, while his other hand was disappearing in his ass. "Cas, please.. Please!"
Cas marked Dean, who goes into a heat!
"Yes, and other monsters." Cas put to fingers to Connors' head making the pain instantly stop. "There are other monsters..." Connor was left to his own thoughts as the three gave him space.
Castiel woke the next morning with a sigh and a jolt, sitting upright he smelt the omega next to him, surely he went in the room he places him in last night? Right?
Jensen just snickered at his dad who awkwardly walked off, collecting his bag before joining his dad in the car. It only took twenty minutes to reach the school, with Deans driving anyway.
Lining up their dicks together, giving a gentle thrust up ending up getting a hiss from Dean. "That's it." Dean encouraged Chase, Spitting in his hand before taking them both in his hand. Chase putting his hands on Deans' chest fucking into Deans' fist, enjoying the feeling of rubbing against Deans dick as well, Chase not knowing about Deans other wandering hands until he felt a wet finger poking around the back of him. "Do it, Dean."
Getting a bark from Dean, and a meow from Cas, they both fall asleep quite easy. "How am I going to work out this Case now?" Sam mumbled to himself as he got ready for bed himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Move or I'll fucking hurt you." Dean spread his wings out trying to act like the alpha, even if he was flowing slick from his ass and his dick hard. "Do you need to be bred? or to breed?" Castiel took one step closer to Dean.
"Sorry Daddy, do I get my special milk now?" Dean looked up to Castiel, who opened his legs up for Dean. Crawling Dean took the spot under the table, waiting on Cas to give him what he needed, well wanted. "There you go baby," Dean licked his lips before wrapping his lips around the head of Cas' cock. moaning instantly as Dean felt the heavy weight of Cas' cock on his tongue. Dean stayed still while Cas finished off his breakfast, before tapping Deans head, who opened his eyes looking up.
Jensen and Chris both walked across the grass towards two boys who were sitting and reading under a tree, in the afternoon sun. "Hey, little fags!" Chris spat as he went to grab on by the shirt, it wasn't until Jensen looked at the other boy, the new boy who caught Jensens eyes two weeks ago. "Chris stop!" Jensen pushed Chris backwards, gently pushing the smaller boy behind him.
Dean gripped the sheets tightly in his hands Castiel didn't stop, his knot banging on Deans rim just demanding to tie them together, Castiels mouth was near Deans neck teeth scraping at his skin lightly. "My Omega. Tell me who you belong to.." Castiel growled in Deans ear.
"Still tight, god Dean, so good." Cas bit Deans ear as he slowly pushed in, and stilled for Dean. "CAs!! Move!!" Cas didn't. Dean felt him smile, he was kissing his neck now. "Cas, please move, please!" Cas smiled against Dean, he was going to say something but he soon shut his mouth, but his mind was so focused on Deans tight heat around his dick, he spoke it out anyway. "Gonna be my good little boy Dean? Going to be
" Sam was placing his bag back into the car when he heard Cas.
Upon walking into the bunker, he didn't see anyone thinking he was safe walking to his room getting changed into something comfy which was just a pair of boxers and a t-shirt. Walking to Deans room hopefully, he wasn't that mad? Opening the door carefully, seeing him sleeping until he shut the door making him look up glaring at Arrow who jumped on the bed straddling his waist leaning down to hug his chest.
Short filler chapter!
*****
"A-Alpha, my hole is aching again..." Dean quietly said as they left his fathers office. "Then lets go feed my little boys hole."
"Yes, I always enjoy listening to the amount of pain I'm doing." Castiel gripped the girl's blonde hair as he reached for a blade on the other table, he smirked as he showed the long blade to the girl trailing it down from her forehead to her neck, the girl made another sound as Cas bit his lip, cock going hard in his pants already knowing Dean would have a fun time when he's done.
"Ah, Cas! Don't fucking stop!" Dean gripped the bed sheets under him as the Angel pounded into him. This was Deans second year of breeding, but he's only ever been used to breed the females, not the other way. Little 'ah' were falling out from Deans mouth Castiel still going to town in his ass.
But they were soon separated by a knock at the front door.
"Ok, you princesses ready?" Dean followed his boss into one of the bedrooms with Cas behind him.
Luckily for Dean his father was yanked back and pinned to the nearest wall, by his alpha. "You threaten me or my omega, I'll destroy you. Got that Winchester?" John was still putting up a fight with the younger but stronger alpha.
"Dean, ready for bed?" Castiel heard the small groan from the boy. "Mmm, bed!" Dean put his arms around Cas' neck and legs around his waist to allow him to carry to  bed.
"Would you two stop trying to dominate the other, seriously! Also Dean you're not even a male dog," Deans ears pricked up, Cas even lifted his leg up, earning a growl. "
MAIN PAIRING: Dean/Castiel.
"Hmm, I liked it when you called me baby boy." Dean confessed when he was relaxing on his Alphas chest and the Alphas fingers running through his hair. "And I like it when you call me Daddy." Cas smiled when Dean tapped his arm playfully. "Naughty Alpha, didn't know you'd be like that in bed!" Dean laughed out, blushing. "Want to do it again?" Cas asked Dean who was already nodding.
Chase on the verge of passing out from barely any sleep and possibly losing blood from somewhere, he walked up tot he door knocking politely as soon as the door opened Chase ended up with water being thrown in his face. "Whoa, what was that for!?" Chase glared at the man who just grumbled out 'just checking', "Come in."
"You sure Jen?" Dean looked at Jensen who bit his lip and nods. "Do it Dean, fuck me!"
"Riight, so keeping an eye out for two creepy ghost, got it." Deans comment made Shay shake his head slowly. "There's a basement, if that helps." Shay bumped into Deans chest who turned and stopped quicker then Shay expected. "Show me, come on."
OK Getting used to the whole idea thing, but if anything is wrong please tell me.
With a bang and a thud of a body hitting the floor, Sam and Dean shuffling around before riding past with the other horse tied coming with them. "Do we need to find this Azazel guy?" Sam asked Castiel. "Lets go talk to Crowley." Castiel smirked with a snort from Dean muttering under his breath.
"Would you stop tormenting your brother, Dean." Castiel smiled as Dean wonders into the kitchen again. "Hey, I get a free pace for torment! Also is the food ready yet master chef?" Dean sassed.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Cas, come on!" Dean whined his legs still in the air, his hole exposed to Cas. "Hmm, convince me." Castiel smirked as he let his hand wrap around Deans small dick. Dean knew that Cas wanted him to beg for him. "Cas, Alpha, I need you please?" Dean looked down at Cas who removed his hand from Deans dick, moved down to his hole, a finger teasing the rim. "You can do better then that Omega, can't you?"
… you need to let me go," Cas whispers the beeping had slowed down, Dean held his hand tighter.
Dean couldn't believe he was teaching his Guardian Angel how to beat his own dick, a quiet impressive dick. "That's it Cas." Dean watched Castiels hand move up and down getting faster, while broken moans fell out the Angels mouth. "Gonna cum Cas, gonna come for me?" Dean smirked as Castiel came over himself, just as Dean did the same.
Connor Winchester strolling through the park, it was a cool winter morning the golden leaves scattered the path as Connor walked, he would always pass through the park when walking to his high school, Connor was thankful he didn't have school today. Since it had been a long week, Connor was struggling his mother got married to a guy Connor hated, he always smelt of alcohol, smoked and usually came home drunk to insult Connor.
"Your brother coming today or do we have today to ourselves?" Cas sat up allowing Dean to rest his head in his lap, while combing his fingers through his hair.
Dean was just one month pregnant.
"Dean, do you feel any different?" Dean was just slowly swaying his tail, gently moving the water, as they stopped to watch the colourful fish swim around one of the reefs.
Few miles down the road you stopped for gas, Sam went inside to get snacks as you were left alone with Dean, who was tapping against the wheel. "So Dean, how you been?" You tried making conversation. "Good." Was Deans only reply. "You, know Dean. When people have a conversation they usually give more then one word answers." You smile at him, not expecting a smile back. You flop against the seat again.
"Well someone finally waked up!" Castiel chuckled after he placed his hands on Deans hips making him cough and spit out the cereal all over the counter.
Jensen slowly removed his clothes but left his tight boxers on "seriously, I'm show you what I've got and you're being a shy little butterfly?" Misha groaned out while flopping back down to the bed.
Castiel was chilling by himself for a good five or ten minutes waiting for Dean. You see there had been some type of disagreement the Hunter and Angel. Not between the two of them. No, no.
Once Dean reached the motel room with Jensen, he carried him into the room where Cas was. "What happened?" Cas was next to the bed in less than a second, while Dean told him what happened.
My Supernatural Discord - Supernatural Family:  https://discord.gg/suyZQfC
"I'm here Dean, shhh" Cas held Dean to his chest while shushing a shaking Dean. "Mind telling me what that was about?" Dean mumbled against Cas' shirt. "Dean, talk properly baby," Cas pulled away slightly only for Dean to hold on tighter. "M-My dad.. I thought he was going to take me away from you, and I guess, I kinda freaked out over it.. Sorry Cas.." Dean spoke out with out mumbling. "It's okay Dean, I wouldn't get mad over a thing like that," Dean snuggled closer to Cas, Dean would always sit on the left side of Cas whenever he would get upset or angry.
( https://discord.gg/suyZQfC - This is a Discord server, ( obviously ). if you wanna just this discord server then ya can if you know what Discord is. )
Both coming down from their highs, Dean making pleased noises while seated on the Alphas knot, Castiel just smiling at his Omega.
"Like that baby boy?" Cas whispered in Deans ear who nods.
"Should we tell him when he wakes up? Just not what he said right now?" Cas looked up at Sam who agreed "might be best if we leave that he's moaning my name out.." Sam drove them all back to the motel room, Cas placing Dean on the bed. Just as Cas was about to back off Dean grabbed his tie, pulling him on the bed with him. "
"The deals been sealed." Castiel breathed out.
But he every time he thought there was something strange happening, it always turned out that it was just kids messing around or the person had just died.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Alright, we'll ask when he wakes up, see if he wants to." Sam agreed with his brother. Watching over the boy passed out on a bed.
Sitting at his desk as the bell rang Dean sat at the back looking uncomfortable.
Leaving Sam, Cas and Dean all shocked.
"I know baby, I know."
Putting his hand behind his head, letting Cas to get him out his underwear. Cas was still clothed which Dean quickly got him out of, so they were both naked. Cas went back to kissing Deans neck, slowly making his way down. On his way down Cas laughed when Dean gasped when he brushed over one of his nipples so he paid special attention to each one. Making it really hard for Dean to keep still. "Cas!!" Dean breathed out when Cas stopped "what?"
"Daddy! Can I hold little sister?" A six year old Luna gently sat next to Dean her aqua tail wrapped around Deans. "Be careful." Dean handed over the small creature to her older sister.
At seventeen Cas was at an Alpha school, he had spent his childhood life with a different family friends, but Cas always felt like he wasn't part of the family unlike Dean. Him and Dean had never really spoken since the day Deans father told Cas not to see Dean again. But Cas always got to see the beautiful Green tail that belonged to one and only Dean Winchester, watching him from afar. He wishes that he could talk to Dean again.
Sam walked back to his room leaving Dean with his father. "Dad, I'm sorry..." Dean saw the disgust, anger and a hint of sadness in his fathers eyes. "You're not my son, Dean. I don't want to raise a fag!" Dean was sat on the edge of his bed legs swinging in the air. "Tomorrow I'm gonna make sure, you never go near another guy again!" John spat in Deans face before leaving his room. Dean just sat on his bed feeling numb, useless, unwanted by his own family. Why did he have to be different? Dean curled up in his blankets crying himself to sleep, as well as felling like a failure, nobody will love him. He couldn't even get his family to love him, so who would want him?
“Anything is possible. Do you want to stay here tonight? I made a call for one of my men to get your car since I didn’t think before.” Castiel quickly changed the subject instantly seeing Deans face fall for a second before he hid his disappointment.
“Listen, I dug into every report of the incident
Jensen woke on Monday morning this time he was still in his bed, sitting up slowly remembering what him and his fathers talked about. Walking around the cold bunker with no clothes, shuffling his feet into the kitchen seeing Sam and Cas making their breakfast, while Dean was sat at a table on his laptop, like every morning. "Jens- Where are your clothes?" Dean laughed at his brothers reaction.
" Dean held his breath when Cas moved back to his side, "h-how? N-no! well, yes but no!" Dean was stuttering making Cas try and hold his laughter in.
But at last all great outlaws had to come to an end. Two of his brothers, Lucifer, Michael had gotten caught only for Castiel, Gabriel and Balthazar to get outta town. Gabriel and Balthazar stuck together going off doing deals, collecting bounties to receive money. Castiel however went solo, travelling town to town doing the one thing he was good at, stealing.
Comments, I love reading the comments! You guys are awesome. :)
Arrow waited two weeks, every day was torture if he was alone with Cas and Dean they would ignore him like he wasn't even there. And they were extra lovey-dovey with each other. So Arrow decided to get his own back, calling up his "friend" when it was movie night with the three men.
Dean gave Jensen a cheeky smile "fuck you," Dean was in a childlike mood "well I can't but maybe you would..." Jensen stood wide eyes at Dean, while Misha was holding back a laugh. "Shame you're not like this with Cas, cuz damn you'll get a ass full of dick!" Dean and Jensen both turned there attention on Misha, who just stood there shrugging his shoulders. "Okay, wanna play a game?"
Dean was groaning on the floor with Alastair hovering over him with a knife. "Not very smart are you Winchester?" Said Azazel as Alastair sliced Deans skin, his skin could heal in time Dean knew that so he didn't mind all that much, until he was flipped over, his wings on display for the two Alastair took a hold of the left one poking the knife at it.
Since they both enjoyed sleeping in there underwear Castiel was grateful that he was a smooth path to kiss down the omegas body, only pausing his kissing to tease the whining omega under his mouth.
All these ideas come from my discord, which is also the best place to talk to me.
Walking through a park after class finished, its something Dean does he does it when he's stressed out. In this case he's stressed out a lot because he's got a crush, sitting on a little bench on the path he watches the ducks float around on the lake, Dean thinks life is like a duck on the water; as the duck seems calm on top of the water, when underneath their legs are going so fast just to keep them going. Dean just rests his head back, just forgetting the world.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Fine, she made deals with Demons and sent half the Angels to their deaths because she wanted all the power from them. Unless you want that person in charge of you then be my guest!" Shay stormed out the room leaving Matthew and the Winchesters with their mouths open.
Walking back out from his room, hearing a movie being played. "Jen, you damage her I'm going to hurt you." Dean gave Jensen his keys "wait you're gonna trust me with your car, but you wont trust me with your clothes," that got a laugh from Sam. "Just go, don't do anything I wouldn't do," Dean smiled ruffling up Jensens hair even more.
Dean groaned as he rolled off his rock of a bed, his little brother and Gabriel had moved out since they were now married, seeing Sam happy with his omega made Dean happy but unhappy at the same time. Sam was obviously an alpha, even John was proud of Sam, he'd given Sam and Gabriel at least a thousand crystals. While Dean was stuck at home with a stupid babysitter, he was a grown ass man, well that was what Dean was telling himself. Dean had to forget all about Cas but how can you forget someone when they are like one of the most successful Alphas? Even when it was his heat his mind always went back to the lonely, blue alpha. The person staying with him today was a girl named Charlie, she was actually okay, Dean told her every little thing he remembered about Cas. Even the little blue and black shell he still carries with him.
Dean woke up exactly an hour later after feeling Castiel shift trying to wrestle his way from Deans arms. "I wanna help again, Daddy," Dean whined still not bothering his little manhood was still on full view. "Well, did say you would be my special assistant didn't I?" Castiel rubbed Deans cheek with the back of his hand enjoying the effect on the boy.
Dean, however, he was mourning his dead- well
"Good boy, come back to me." Castiel muttered when Dean opened his eyes, noticing he was on his side with Castiel behind him as he clenching around the knot in his ass. "A-Alpha?" Dean whined but got pulled closer to the warm body behind him. "I got you, Dean?" Castiel reassured Dean who sniffed at the scent in the air.
"Well, I clearly a little boy isn't very good at looking at his surrounds properly.
"I told you I'd look after you, Dean. If you give me your consent then I'll be the master or your pain and pleasure, possibly your emotions but that's later. You could also help me with my little hobbies, I've always wanted to have a hot little assistant." Castiel's hand went back to rest on Deans thigh, but this time Dean didn't try and shake it off.
As well as a giant Sam looking down at them.
Arrow sighed when he saw the black car, running forgetting all about the pain in his chest, seeing it empty. So Arrow ran again inside the school, thanking whoever that it was empty. Rushing towards the principles office swinging the door open sighing when he saw the brothers.
Castiel was strapped to a table, a gag in his mouth, meaning his two older brothers wanted something.  "Cassie, Cassie, Cassie. Its been a too long little brother!" Gabriel cheered in the quiet room.
You skip your way into the bathroom, hopping into the shower quickly, overhearing the boys complain about your clothes over the floor. It was only going to be a quick shower since you were tired even with all the napping you did in the car, wrapping a towel around your body opening the door. Dean pushed you out the way before shutting the door so he could do his business.
“Oh, my sweet little boy, making Daddy so very hard.” Castiel slapped the boys rear once again before pulling the panties to the side exposing him even more, the pink flesh fluttered as Castiel blew on it taking a second more to look only to bring his mouth closer, tapping the boys' ass lightly which Dean thankfully understood spreading his cheeks for Castiel. Both Castiel’s hands quickly went to the boy's chest holding him up once his mouth made contact Dean keeping his noises quiet but Castiel enjoyed every one of the ones that escaped him.
"Well, Aero looks like you've got yourself a new friend." The girl giggled at Arrow. "Aero? Why that and what is your name?" Arrow questioned.
“Well, you can stay as long as you need to. Ok, Omega?” Castiel pretended not to notice the small shudder Dean did after he said the word ‘omega’.
Hope you enjoyed it.
Pulling out the fingers Castiel used Deans slick before entering the omega, making eye contact almost silently asking Dean if he was still a hundred per cent sure.
Just as Shay got used to the fingers, Dean shifted them both so Shay was on his hands and knees with Dean behind him, poking the head of his cock at Shays ass. "Dean? It either you put it in or you don't." Shay growled, which seemed to get Dean going. "Just going easy on you angel." Dean whispered as he began pushing into Shay. "Whatever human?" Shay replied making Dean chuckle besides a moan.
"Dean? Dean!" Cas picked his car keys out his pocket before heading out, to place him in the backseat. "C-Cas...." Cas looked up but noticed that Deans mouth was parted but his eyes were still closed. "Casss fuck..." Sam had now joined them looking at Cas and Dean suspiciously. "Well looks like Dean got hit by a spell.."
"Now look what you've done you scared my precious boy." Castiel placed a hand on Deans head gently, Dean was still hiding behind him. "Let me go! Now!" The girl shouted, ended with Cas tutting. "Now, now. Don't you two kids recognise each other?" Dean poked his head from behind Cas' leg, the girl did look familiar to him. "I heard you dated for a year, is that wrong?" Castiel moved away from Dean completely standing by the girls head. "Lisa..?" Dean breathed out but he soon clenched his fists.
Castiel smirked not letting up his job to eat Deans ass, his slick smelt good, but it tastes ten times better. Adding a few fingers making the Omega completely at his mercy, moan and whither around on the bed.
"No.. I'm Castiel.." Cas gave Dean a smile before kissing Deans neck. "Ohh fuck!"
Dean tossed and turned, his problem never went away like Cas had said. Dean whined trying to get rid of it himself, turning over so he was on his front giggling when he felt the pressure against his little prick. Turning back over placing his stuffed animal in between his legs as he began to hump the said animal.
"Jensen, Misha and Cas, ya wanna be my Daddies??" Dean got a giddy when Jensen agreed to being his Daddy. "Okay, then," nodding as he waited for the second rule.
Walking on Cas being bear hugged by a sleepy horny Dean. Cas straightened himself out once Sam helped him out from Deans grip. "What we going to do?" Sam asked Cas leaning against the table while Dean was trying to dry hump a pillow. "Well the spell Deans been hit with is a lust/love spell, I think." Sam groaned "and that means what, how do we stop it?" Cas looked towards the bed Dean was on "Dean must have sex with the person he needs most, in other words he has to have sex with the person he's in love with. Which will be hard as Dean doesn't really talk about feelings, so do you have any ideas?"
"I'm fine Sammy.. can someone please tell me why I'm feeling so hot and shit?" Dean saw Sam, look at Cas while Cas looked back to Sam. "you were hit by a spell.." Dean groaned but he ended up moaning as he felt another shock of heat going through him. "W-what kinda spell?"
Please leave comments or something, feedback and stuff are helpful. :)
Sam ended up burning and burying two bodied that week. At least his brother and Cas would now be at peace wherever they maybe.
Dean was gripping on to Cas' hair as he took Deans cock into his warm, wet mouth. "Yess Cas, fuck.." Cas let Dean fuck his mouth.
"Well what gave that away? The wings? The glowing eyes? Or was it when I fell out from the sky?" Sam rolled his eyes at his old friend, his sarcasm never left. "Just come here short stuff." Sam yanked Gabriel towards him wrapping his giant arms around the small angel.
Castiel was sat at home making himself work to get the guy out his thoughts, which working until he was in bed his inner wolf, was almost telling him to go out and search of the guy but Castiel knew he couldn’t do that. Since he didn’t even know the Omegas name.
Dean was cut off hearing the door open and close. Castiel instantly growled at the man in at the door, stepping over Dean protectively. "Sam, why are there two dogs in the room?" The gruff voice came from the left.
Jensen whispered as he began walked towards the parking lot, seeing Dean, Sam and Cas in the car, confusing Jensen at first but that was pushed a side when Chris shouted him. "Winchester! Get your ass over here!"
"N-no they wont, nobody wants a broken, useless piece of shit," Dean broke down after he finished tears falling quickly. Cas pulled him to his side holding him tight "Well, I want the broken, useless piece of shit, because this broken person is amazing, they have the best green eyes that shine even on the darkest days, they have a smile that shines so bright they could light this whole place. Trust me when I say this, you are not useless, sometimes when you break it's because you've been strong for far too long. Dean, you got to stop lighting yourself up for people who are just gonna blow you out, or your just gonna be left in the dark." Cas stroked Dean hair softly, his body stopped shaking but he was still silently crying.
Lucifer just stood back watching Castiel with the girl, before he picked up a knife himself as he dug slowly into the girls' side, letting her body wriggle around tugging against her restraints. "Ah, now little girl tell us your precious name." Lucifer chuckled leaning in close to the girls face seeing the wet trails of the tears that had fallen.
My Discord server - https://discord.gg/suyZQfC . I get ideas from here usually.
Dean watched as Cas jumped on the bed, falling asleep near the pillows.
Dean grabbed your waist pulling you closer to his body, with a groan. After that it was a mess, hands went wondering over your body as yours pulled at Deans clothes, one by one your clothing was pulled off leaving both in just your underwear.
"No... and nobody has told me anything else, I'm a little scared to be on my own tonight... Might need some hero to save me" she joked winking at Castiel, who was confused turning his attention to Dean, who made an odd sound and waved his arms pathetically towards Cas. "Well... I'll make sure you get to know what's going on and call this number... if you need to."
"You promise, we'll see each other again? I really don't want to wait another eight years just to talk again.." Dean had stop humping and moaning on Cas' back, his voice sounded sad. "Yes, Dean I promise. You can just sneak out when your heat is over?" Dean nods on Cas' shoulder just as Cas arrived at Deans Cave, slowly moving inside Cas saw his dad. "Mr Winchester? I fou-" Cas was cut off by yelling and Dean being yanked off his back "Cas!! Get out, give me Dean!" Deans father shoved Cas out the cave while Dean lowered his head. "Dad, I like Cas.." Dean whispered just as John swam back hitting Cas with his tail.
“Gonna scream girl? I know you want to,” you end up glaring at the darker haired male but you couldn’t help but let the scream come from your mouth as you tighten your walls around the cock inside you, and you even feel it twitch inside you as the boy cums himself. “Fuck!” You blink a few times as you look at the young boy pulling out of you, frowning a little at the boys actions your eyes widen again when he attached his mouth back from where he pulled out. “W-Wh-What?” You watch him carefully while he pulls himself away again walking to the other, tugging on his clothing like a little child before they kissed each other.
"Shit," Chase whispered to himself, looking through his dad's phone finding the address the guy was on about. But Chase didn't leave, he went back to working on this case.
Walking in his room his best friend was on his bed, smiling like an idiot "Sooo how was class..." His friend smirked as he sat on the bed "Oh, you know HARD To concentrate as the bloody teacher is hot as fuck," Dean lent back on his bed hoping his friend would leave it but he didn't Dean's friend kept talking all night, even in his sleep he was talking like how does that work? The next morning Dean woke up "You know you moan in your sleep," his best friend laughed "shut up Benny!" Dean threw his pillow at the bathroom door as Benny just dodge it. "Aww is wittle Dean having a hard time with his new teacher, that he has in like an 20 minutes!" Dean shot up looking at the clock "oh shit."
oops.. I late with updates. Sorry, my anxiety had been acting up so I had to take care of that, so I'm sorry about that. :(
Finished it off after god knows how long. Short and Sweet, sort of.
"Maybe cuz people don't wanna be friends with the freak..." Jensen whispered under his breath, so no one heard him. "What, Jensen!"
"What are you?" Dean blurted out surprising the angel. "What am I?" Castiel looked at Dean "Alpha or Omega? You know," Dean waved his hand around as the confusion lifted from the angels face. "O.. Oh! May I ask why?"
Dean looked away from the strange staring contest he was having with a stuffed tiger, it was Misha who picked him up an carried him this time. "How did he get smaller?"
Sighing as he put his head back, closing his eyes letting his small hands wonder over his little omega body. Dean giggled to himself as he thought about his alpha walking in on him, as he touched himself. Was he even allowed to touch himself without the alphas permission? Was Dean breaking a rule? Dean just shrugged it off as he wrapped a hand around his little cock tugging on it a few times before leaving it, so he could finger his slick hole.
Castiel just agreed to go to pay for the clothes Dean picked, while Dean followed shocked that Castiel was actually buying things for him. Castiel ended up dragging Dean out of the mall, with bags full of crap that Dean ended up picking, it seemed when Dean started he couldn't be stopped. "Right, one job is done. Four hours Dean, you've been looking for four hours!" Castiel exclaimed to a giggly Dean in the passenger seat.
"Just hold on to me, I've got you." That was the only reasonable sentence coming out of their mouths for a while. As the Alpha moved with the Omega gripping onto his arm they both knew they wouldn't last long tonight, as the knot began growing before Jesse could finish his first orgasm, his second was ripped out from him when Deans knot went past his rim, locking them together, spilling cum into the boy as well as an them both not expecting the teeth to sink into the Omegas neck..
Castiel took his time washing Dean it lead to Dean pressing his back against the tiles and legs shoulder-width apart, Castiel just wanted to make sure there was no blood down there. Dean had a hand in Castiels hair yanking on it lightly a leg ended up on Castiels shoulder making Deans grip tighter and pant with tiny moans falling out his mouth. “Daddy, da-daaddy, I-I’m gonna - ” Dean gasped as his legs buckled his small cock weakly spurted out his cum, hands releasing their hold on Castiel as he came to stand in front of Dean kissing him lightly.
Do you see what I'm doing for you?
It took Castiel to encourage Dean to go look at things for himself instead of gripping to Castiel like he's going to disappear into thin air. "Please tell me you actually found something that you really want?" Castiel had to sit down while Dean was looking, six times Dean looked like he found something he'd like but he would just put it back. "Yes, these?" Dean placed four shirts and two pairs of jeans in Castiel's arms.
"hello? Wait Dean?" Dean looked up seeing his blue eyes with a glint of mischief, he's so screwed "h-hi.." Dean squeaked out causing Charlie at laugh as she walked away. "Later bitches, i'm off to flirt with some girls!" Castiel sat with Dean as he drank his coffee. "You're gay? right?" Dean spoke up quickly startling Castiel a little "Well yes, why do you ask?" Dean shrugs messing with the lid of his drink "I-I'm just wondering.. Because.." Dean sighed he has never told anyone else that he was gay, just his roommate. "Dean? You alright?" Dean looked over the table "I think I'm gay..." Dean spoke quietly that Castiel had to lean in close.
“We can try, but… I want you to stay on your back.” It was Castiel's turn to confused the Winchester but he did as he was told. Getting comfortable and looking at Cas who crawled over him.
“Forever?” Castiel mumbles in the dark after his knot and lies down with Dean who he thinks is sleeping.
"Of course we will, I'll always what to here what my little trouble maker is up to." Dean heard the groan, pulling Jensen for a hug glad he actually got hugged back. "We'll be back before you start missing us.." Dean mumbled on his sons shoulder. Dean always found it hard leaving Jensen alone, but now he felt alright, Jensen had Misha now.
Deans head was spinning was Cas actually going to feed him, Dean soon got his answer as he was lifted raised up so he could put his mouth around Cas' nipple. Startling himself as something strange hit his tongue, where as Cas just stood watching Dean feed from him.
*****
"Night night Cas," Dean whispered as Cas kissed his forehead gently.
" Dean grumbled as he ended up finding out.
"Yes, I give you my consent." Dean said as confidently as he could get at this moment. Castiel smiled his hand removing from Deans leg rushing from the room leaving a confused Dean tied on the bed.
"Just people dying, here at the school." Arrow whispered so the old teacher in the room couldn't hear. "That's what's going on? Damn knew there was something people were hiding." The girl sat back in her chair propping her feet on a desk. "Kinda shitty since the parents don't know." Arrow watched the girls eyes snap open wide. "That's fucked up." Arrow only shrugged.
Tonight they were at a bar, Chase wasn't relaxed at all. "You alright, Chay?" Dean gave him the nickname since he uses it to tease him. "Y-Yeah, just never been to a bar before." Sam was the one reassuring Chase. "It's fine, don't have to do anything just have a few drinks with us." Chase nodded.
Dean wasn’t ready, he was not ready to lose him- his best friend, he loved him dammit, but was it too late now? Should he tell him before he-
Castiel and Dean were currently sitting on the floor of their motel room, looking at a very stressed out Sam, who was now pacing the room. "So you guys just have to act like the thing you are? Then you change into whatever next?" Sam said to the two pups in the room. With one tilting his head, and the other nodding his head. "Great, then just act like a puppy then we can get on the next stage!"
"Where did you go?" Dean looked up at Cas who was still behind him nuzzling his ear, Castiel was acting different today worrying Dean. "Hmm, had a little family business to take care of, but now I can spend the rest of the day torturing my little baby boy." Castiel stopped nuzzling Dean just to start kissing around his ears. "Is Dean going to be a good boy for Daddy?"
"DEAN!!" Cas stormed into Deans room, in the evening throwing him his dirty panties he had left on Cas' pillow.
"Nah, no goodbye... I don't say bye to people," Arrow knew he was getting odd looks so he smiled up at the brothers hopping off the bed standing in the room, "so... what do the badass Winchesters do?"
The lesson was going on for two hours, which by the end Cas was getting more then frustrated with Dean. Castiel had to tell Dean multiple times to put his foot on the floor, not on the desk, Dean ignored every single one of Cas' orders. "WINCHESTER!!" Cas slammed a book on the desk, making half the other boys in the class jump, Dean shrank in his seat. "You going to listen now?" Cas saw the small nod from the boy.
"Thank you Daddy," Dean went to hug Cas, who just wrapped him up instantly in his arms.
Cas heard the distant call of his name from Dean, but he didn't stop until he was at his special reef, that had fish swimming peacefully as he watched on a rock. "Cas.. Can't we ta- hey wait! Is this the place you showed me?" Cas only nodded when Dean settled down next to Cas on the rock. "What did you mean by I'm an Omega? Is that the reason we can't be friends? If so then what are you?" Dean laid on his front with his tail slightly lifted. "I'm an Alpha Dean, so your dad thought it would be best if I stayed away, I don't know why but I missed you..." Cas looked down at Dean who looked up at Cas. "You don't smell like an Alpha Cas.." Cas  breathed out a laugh before wiping off the scent blocker he uses.
"You got bored? Why didn't you go play in the other room, there's things you could do in there, unless you were hoping I would've caught you with your legs open in my chair?" Cas chuckled as he pulled Dean back onto the floor.
*******
That earned Dean a light smack on his ass through his jeans. Biting his lip to stop the noise threatening to come out from his mouth, earning him a hum from Cas, who had now pushed Deans jeans down, so they were pooled around his ankles. "Seen your ass multiple times, but I've never got to enter it... Would you like that Dean? If I fucked you right here, in this room?" Dean bit his lip harder wondering if Cas was being serious or joking.
Cas snapped his hips forward a little faster and ever so slightly harder earning a moan for Dean, so Cas did the same over again "Cas! yes... more!" Growling Cas moved faster. Dean was whining Cas was about to stop, until Dean gave him a glare telling him not to, or he'll probably kill him.
But all Dean wanted right now was a nice shower to get rid of the sticky feeling on his body. When Dean stepped out, wrapping a towel around his waist as he walked out seeing his father. "Ah finally!" Dean didn't get to say a word before his father picked him up and out the door to the car.
I wanted to give you guys a chapter, so here have some rough sex and a bit of biting.
Jensen slammed his door, the sound echoing down the old hallways. Jensen sat on his bed looking at the walls of the room, before he picked his phone up to text a friend.
More plot will come! as well as Cas and Dean.
Dean head instantly turned to Jensen, all Jensen did was lift his shirt up to show the damage. "It's nothing really, just outta practice because someone leaves me home alone all the time." Jensen, Cas, Misha and Sam were all expecting Dean to go off on one again. It took Cas to calm him down and somehow convincing Dean to allowed Jensen to hunt.
"Uh huh, Demons can't have Guardian Angels bud." Dean laughed nervously. "Well, how come I'm yours, if they can't have one?" The Angel tilts his head as he talks. "Clearly someones messed up, I'm not human anymore. So go flap yourself off to Heaven now ok?"Dean turned his back on the Angel which was clearly the wrong thing to  do to an Angel.
"Chris." Was all Jensen needed to say as Cas sighed loudly, they soon pulled at the bunker Cas, still had anger coming off him when he helped Jensen out of the car, taking him in to Sam and Dean in the library. "Before you ask, he needs some looking at." Cas ordered Dean who shot up from his seat and rushing to Jensens side. "Let me guess, Chris?"
Castiel was beyond pissed, oh no he was filled with rage that couldn’t be contained. As was Dean but Dean had been Dean about it.
"You did amazing." Castiel smiled down at Dean who grinned at the praise. "Really enjoyed that girl's blood?" He watched as Dean bit his lip and nodded slowly.
Humming to himself as he stripped off waiting for the water to get warm, before stepping under the spray letting out a content sigh as the water hit his body. Washing himself trying to avoid waking up his lower parts as it would be an awkward situation to get his way out of.
"Hmm, well most of the cast now know we have a new toy to play with, it's nothing new." Jensen spoke out like it was an everyday thing, Dean once again blushed. Misha strolled back in, with clothes that looked like a child would wear. Dean was instantly placed on the floor on his back, his legs were held up while, someone put a diaper on him. "Oh come on.."
Sorry for any mistakes I'll sort them out!
He couldn't continue now, whatever righteous quest he thought he was on, was so unimportant in comparison to this is was almost funny. He didn't know where he'd go if he died, but wherever it was it had had to be better than this.
"Well it seems to me Sammy enjoys watching his big brother." Castiel made a gesture towards Gabriel who seemed to understand as he whispered into Sams' ear, Dean watched while Sam shifted a few times in Gabriel's lap, just as Gabriel's right hand went inside Sams pants, Dean was surprised his dick gave a twitch at the sight, Castiel chuckled.
“A-Are you th-the killers? The Angel guy, that’s wanted?” You asked just as two fingers entered your somehow wet entrance. “Hmm, you pay attention to that? Aww Daddy she knows about you,” your eyes widen at the words, before flicking between the two men. “Got a problem with that sweetie?” You silently shook your head trying to ignore the feeling of the fingers going deeper inside you.
"You're never seeing Cas! I'm making sure you never leave the house without someone by your side, Now go to your bed!" Dean watched Cas' blue tail disappear. "Guess I gotta get used to being lonely..." Dean whispered as he went to his bed, which was a rock with little blue shells he finds that reminded him of Cas, the second he picked his favourite blue shell up his father swam in taking all the shells just to break them in front of Dean. Who couldn't seem to do anything but have tears run down his face while his father just left.
I'm so fucking tired so I'm sorry for any mistakes, I'll sort them out when I can!
You had spent a few hours at the bar talking to the same girls, until you decided to smile at her as she was moving closer to kiss, it was only when she was centimetres from your lips, you where pulled back, by Dean. "Sorry sweetheart but he's mine," Dean gritted through his teeth while pulling you away from the girl. It was when you and Dean were alone in the car you snapped.
"Come on lil hunter," Dean muttered placing Arrow in the car. "Don't take me home... She knows where I live." Arrow whispered from the backseat. "We'll take you back to the room and patch you up ok?" Dean suggested receiving a nod.
"So we just gotta find out whatever is taking these people, then we can leave." Dean interrupted Sam again. "Yes, Dean but how we gong to find that out, all these people don't even live near each other, there all scattered aro- Dean?!" Sams voice went from casual to panic, in two seconds. Castiel luckily got the three of them back to the motel. "Dean? Cas whats happening?" Sam looked over from his passed out brother to see a passed out Angel.
"I'm sorry, about my dads." Jensen whispered into the dark room. Misha curled up next to him on the bed. "Don't worry about it, wait til you meet mine even crazier, besides the hunting the supernatural."
"What did I tell you about talking to strange men!" His mother slapped him on the back of the hair once they paid and left the store the two men had left before them but waiting beside a black car looking at them both, clearly overhearing the conversation.
Dean shoved his brother off forcing him to the floor with him on top. “I said fuck off, Sam,” Dean stared his little brother down who immediately avoided his gaze completely submitting to his brother. “Ok, ok.” With that said Dean stood going back to his spot on the couch taking a glance up at Cas who just gave a simple nod of his head, making Dean feel all warm inside.
"All done, now Dean I can tell you've been think about what I've said, the look on your face when I came in was the answer. So what were you thinking about?" Castiel had rested his head on his knee, his blue eyes that looked like they were looking at his soul. "What.. What would you do to me if I wanted to be your little toy, or whatever you called me?"
Alpha. Castiel saw the submission Dean was presenting to him, not missing a beat he rushed forward scenting the Omega. "Dean."
Right now Dean was stuck printing out a word document that was important to his father. Collecting the papers, whistling to himself as he walked more like skipped back to his fathers office.
"Dean? You don't have to sit there, you can sit a little closer if you'd like to," Dean just shook his head but shrugged, so Castiel just walked to Deans desk anyway. "Ok, you seem to be struggling with, spelling, reading and concentrating." Dean rolled his eyes
It only took four drinks for Jensen to get drunk, but instead of a girl Jensen was drawn towards someone else. There was a group of people off to the side four girls and two guys. One of the guys Jensen stopped, looking at the guy who hadn't seen him yet. It wasn't until Jensen stumbled over, the girls and other guy  apart from the one guy moved, clearly he didn't know who Jensen was. "Ey, 'm not gonna hurt people..." Jensen flopped down on next to the person on the couch.
Ain't the best I've done, but I'm tryin to get back into writing again, so sorry for the really long break.
Castiel silently wished he could have a hand to hold telling him everything was going to be ok.
Pfft Plot what plot?
Dean walked out the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist, while Jo was on his bed making him jump. "what the hell?" Jo was holding his phone with a grin.
"No, he abused me, sexually. Hell, he even fucking raped me once. Can I show you something? I've slowly stopped doing it, but it's hard stopping something that I've done for four years," Cas was stroking Deans hair as Dean rolled his sleeves up showing the faded scars. "Dean!?" Castiel shot up taking Deans arms gently into his hands. "Does this put you off? You still love me even with these?" Dean didn't miss the way his voice shook on that one word.
"Come for Daddy, Dean." Squeezing his eyes shut as he arched off the desk, his mouth hung opened as a silent moan/scream came from Dean. Cas came quickly after, not that Dean could tell as he was still in his high. "D-Daddy..." Dean tried feeling around for Cas. that was slowly stroking his cheek while giving him a few kisses, as tears had escaped his eyes. "It's okay, Dean, I'm here.. Now what were you telling me you couldn't do?" Dean playfully slapped Cas' arm which was more like a tap, as every part of his body felt like jelly. "Shuutdup, hold me, please.." Cas helped Dean sit up as he rested his head on Cas' shoulder.
He collected his books and bag following the teacher to her office, pulling out his phone sending a quick text to Dean with a single word to signal he was in trouble.
Sighing as he sat next Cas, but closer then before, as well as pulling a pillow over his lap. Cas didn't act any different just continued to watch the movie. But Dean was still uncomfortable next to the older man.
With his breathing calmed down Sam hopped off the couch leaving Gabriel to sleep on the couch, but walking into the kitchen he saw Castiel rocking a distressed looking Dean. "What happened!?" Sam crossed his arms startling the two out their seats, before averting his eyes and blushing. "Shit Sam! Can't you knock!?" Dean covered himself behind Castiel.
"Finally what?" Cas had let his grip on Dean go a little "I've waited all week for this, why'd ya think I've been wearing hardly any clothes? I've even moaned your name while I came on the stupid toys I've bought!"
Castiel was alone when he presented at nine, he was an alpha. Cas had taken Gabriel to his friends reef, as he didn't know what to do.
"Her blood not as good as Daddy's." Dean wiggled underneath Castiel raising his hips hoping his Daddy would feel his little hard cock with the groan and the lips roughly attaching onto his Dean thought he did a good thing to get Cas going.
“Thanks.”
Dean mouth went dry as he sat up, he didn't think that Cas' voice could go any deeper. as well as noticing that the Angel had taken off his pants and white shirt, leaving the Angel just in white boxers, leaving Dean to see that the Angel will now experience what morning wood was. "Dean? You do know that you're experiencing 'morning wood' too, right now?" Dean looked down at himself noticing that Cas was right.
Castiel Novak seventh son of Naomi and Chuck there’s not much to tell you since he likes to keep his past hidden away, but only the trusted and family know about him and his strange behaviours.
Dean get hit with a spell! Well that was what I was going for..
"Hey, y/n where you going?" Dean was looking at you with curiosity in his eyes "just gonna go talk to people, why? Do I need to have your permission now?" You looked back at Dean who glared at you once you said you sarcastic reply. "W-what no, just go gave fun..." Dean mumbled as you walked away to a group of girls, they were nice enough, even when you still had eyes for one person.
"B-But I don't know anything, just told them about some deaths." Arrow stumbled over his words, luckily one of his hands was being tied by rope and out of her view. "Hmm, don't like being lied to boy," Scarlet growled, the blade was now on his chest. "Tell me, where are they staying?" Scarlet glared as Arrow bit his lip before opening his mouth.
"Can you two take him home, while I call his home?" Principle whispered as Arrow got picked up by Dean.
"I can't believe you're making me do this to make guys jealous," Jay whispered into Arrows ear, before kissing his jawline down to his neck. "Yeah, well they teased and ignored me for two weeks so I want payback, now take me somewhere so I can wreck your ass," Arrow slumped against the wall, as Jay backed up holding his hand dragging him to his car.
"Hey, well how about we help you get better to control yourself for next time?" Dean brought Shays head up to look at him. "Next time?" Shay squeaked making Dean smile. "Yes, next time and another time after that. But we need to sort this Demon problem and you losing control first alright?" Dean patted Shays shoulder as the angel nodded.
Dean whined through the whole damn thing, but one girl kept him company half way through. Cas even came to him again licking him on his nose from time to time. "Alright, time to go, huh, Dean looks like you've got a new friend." Sam softly spoke to Dean who had his head in the blonde girls lap. "Well, I hope you find her, and if you need anyone to look after your pets while you're looking then, I'll gladly help!"
"Others will kill you if they know you're alive you know." Matthew muttered as he brought a wing around. "I know, but they can't kill me if I kill them first." Shay huffed and hissed as he touched the swollen bone of his wing. Hearing footsteps coming into the room Shay waved at Castiel who rushed towards him.
Dean woke up with, something warm and wet. Opening his eyes slowly shifting his hips around, he groaned feeling that he'd peed in the diaper. Groaning as he rolled over, onto someone.
"So... Your mom says you've been spending time with a few... friends?" She asked once they stepped inside the office with Arrow clutching his bag, "uh yeah... why do you care?" Arrow turned taking a step back after seeing how close she was, she had always been odd with him behind closed doors, but Arrow never actually understood why.
I did a thing... w-was it a good thing?
Dean wanted to be the first to make a move but he wanted Cas to take control over him.
Hearing Dean moving the door handle you shoved your hand down in your pants rubbing your sensitive clit, looking down at your body then at the door just as it opened, Dean froze when he saw you lying on the bed with your hand in your pants, while his brother was still in the room.
Once Dean did get used to having Cas inside him, telling Cas to move slowly. "Cas... Could we try a little faster?" Cas only nodded trying hard not to hurt Dean.
"Oh fuck, SHAY!" Dean waved him over, but Shay just stood still tilting his head. "You wanted to get to the body right? So there's the body, but we have a problem. There's only one body and two ghosts." Shay told the three men who stared at him like he was mad. "Right, lets just burn it." Dean dropped his bag to allow him to do is thing.
"All three, please Daddy, all three!" Dean whined his body wasn't use to this treatment before, but it got him what he wanted. Castiel leaned forward his clothes thrown on the floor his naked chest on Deans back making the boy under him submit. "Daddy, please!"
His mother was off talking to some of the nicer people and he was stuck with the young and annoying Alphas that can't seem to understand how personal space works, he had to growl at a few making himself look bigger which made them scurry off to their parents. There were a few decent Alphas that Jesse knew, so now he was off sneaking to a bar with them.
"Okay, whats my no go words?" Cas tilted his head "just tell us what you want to call us by, and we'll tell you if we agree or not, got that?" Dean shudders at the intense glare Cas was giving him. "Yes, sir..."
"Mine," was the only word out from the Alphas mouth before crawling on top of the Omega, kissing him roughly nipping his bottom lip before moving onto his neck enjoying the whine and small moan from the Omega under him.
Castiel noticed the Winchester kid but apparently all the other teachers complained about him, how rude and distracting he was but to Cas he wasn't any of what the teachers told him, Dean was late tho but the other teachers didn't need to know about that. Cas' lesson ended Dean was the last to go but he didn't do anything but stare at the floor as he walked.. "Winchester, why were you late?" Castiels voice brought Deans head up as he stared into blue eyes "No reason, just a slow walker I guess" Dean shrugged about to leave the room "Well, hopefully next time you be here faster?" Castiel used his strict voice but to Dean his mind turned it into something else... "Yes, sir."
The rules are different under the sea, you can get married but you got to be at least 18 or older.
Castiel only stood back shamelessly palming his semi-hard cock head turning towards the door seeing it slightly open as well as a shadow, moving slightly looking closer he huffed seeing the familiar shape of Dean. "Dean! Come here!" Castiel stood with his arms folded as Lucifer glanced up a blade was halfway down the girl's chest barely cutting her.
Sam had finished dealing with the guard demons that Cas had bypassed. Just as he entered the main chamber, full of hope for what he'd fine, maybe they'd got the tablet and where waiting, Castiel turned to the younger hunter blade still in hand.
Dean didn't get a instant reply but it took a few seconds.
"Why didn't you turn on the lights? You enjoy walking around in the dark?"
Running out the bunker not wanting to stay inside there for much longer than he needed to.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas didn't quite believe Dean but he didn't actually know Dean to judge him so he just agreed with him.
Dean stared at the teacher as he faced to screen that their work was on, the teacher had dark brown hair, sometimes looked black his hair was all over the place Dean thought it was hot, his eyes were a nice calming blue (most of the time.) Dean was trying to focus on his work as the teachers voice was deep, making Deans focus lost.
Being poked by a young man next to him Shay was just trying to get his bearings but everything was moving to fast. "What is he?" The younger man asked while still poking him, Shay wanted to open his mouth but he couldn't speak his mouth was too dry so no words could be formed properly.
Sam and Dean drove to a motel, Arrow thinking he would probably get killed was pushed at the back of his mind when he walked in the room. "So, like to tell us what's going on?"
"Lucifer."
Comment it helps! More then you think...
“Yeah, soulmates. You think they exist?” Dean looked up almost hopeful.
Cas looked at Dean his eyes had tears in them. Some were running down his cheek already.
"God... Cas, next time, let your little boy fuck you." Cas chuckles "alright, so the Daddy kink you have is true." Dean looked up, over to Cas who had pulled out and was now laying next to him. "You didn't, Cas?" Dean laughed at Cas' face "you read my fucking mind, to know what I liked?" Cas only nodded "awesome, so you on board with the Daddy one, what else you wanna try, cuz if you read my mind then lets fucking do them. Oh also thanks for making the spell go,"
Deans arms gave out as soon as Cas' mouth came into contact with his ass, lapping up the slick before diving his tongue in. "Cas, please fuck me.. please!" Dean was not one for begging especially to an Angel! "As you wish." Cas pulled back lining himself up using his Grace to prep Dean open gripping onto the Demons tail pushing into Dean, earning high pitch moans. "Ohh Casss."
You stared at him as he slowly inches towards you, briefly hearing the front door open and close your only concern was this man right in front of you whose lips were right next to your ear. “One more, just one.” His words made no sense but the sharp thrust, as well as his blade, sticking right into your gut being twisted inch by inch, making you scream the loudest scream you’ve ever let out, you stared up at the man before flicking your eyes over to Dean who was leaning against the wall with a dirty little smirk.
Shay brushed Deans hand off his thigh so he could stand up going towards Matthew, to which Matthew sighed showing the blade, sword, to the room. "That is what kills them." Sam and Deans eyes widened at the blade on the table, it was very different to the regular angel blade. The tip of the blade was sliver but more pointy, designed to kill.
Sam looked towards his brother and Castiel, he was trying hard not to stare. "So Sammy, what is it that you wanted?" Castiel asked politely to the kid. "Um, I don't exactly know, I just woke up and umm..." Sam shifted from one foot to the other nervously.
Dean only got one nod in as Castiel's hand wrapped around them both to get them both to completion. Dean held on to Cas as his small dick was rutting up in and against Castiel. "Cum for me Dean, cum for Daddy." Castiel kissed along the boy's jaw as he was coming apart in his lap. "Daddy.. more I need more!" Dean whined out his head dropping back, allowing Castiel to attack his neck with his mouth.
"I...I.. overheard you, and I.. just wanted to see if you guys were crazy or this stuff actually exists." Jesse explained himself feeling for the first time him feeling bad for making three alphas mad at him.
Jensen let out his own groan when Dean wrap his hand around him, before switching themselves around so Dean was now level to his brothers cock and Jensen staring at Deans.
"Alright, you better be good! Got everything, Jen?" Jensen hummed at Dean, before getting himself out the car before he felt an arm around his shoulder. "Hey, Mr Winchester!" Chris waved a Dean to which Dean waved back. "Alright come on, Jensen lets go!" Chris yanked Jensen forward making him move his feet.
The bunker was quiet, Shay half expected that since it was early morning when they arrived, walking on weak legs, bloody wings dragging behind him he somehow reached the bottom of the stairs and standing in the middle of the war room without stumbling. Pulling out chairs in the library to take a seat so the two could study their damaged wings.
"Come on, we didn't come to stay in the bed all day!" Dean threw Castiel his clothes with a beaming smile on his face before walking off out the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
It had been a week since Shay lost control, him and Matthew caught up with each other as the Winchesters read up on everything Matthew wrote down for them. "All the other Angels told me you died, but they kicked you out, why?" Matthew asked Shay as they were eating human food to help them heal. "Because they found out I'm not a pure Angel so they got mad and threw a little fit and kicked me out."
"I... I thought I could watch you. Y-You did say I could be your assistant. Right?" Dean looked up hoping he was out of trouble, but the look on Castiel face said he wasn't.
“Your wolf knows!” Was the only response Dean got back.
Castiel's eyes closed from the image Dean just forced into his head, breeding Dean like a bitch.
Misha did as Jensen asked, not knowing how sensitive Jensen was to the touch, Misha gently pushed his finger inside brushing against Jensens prostate once, just to watch Jensen spurt cum from his cock, all over Mishas chest, Misha came at the sight of Jensen throwing his head back, and the feeling of Jensens cum landing on his chest.
Arrow was always alone at school, nobody talked to the freak in the corner reading odd books, as well as the occasional name call or shoved up against lockers. Which happened riight about now.
"Oh, n-nothing... so where you heading?" Cas held his door open as Dean had his hands on the roof of his car "just shopping for furniture, but I don't know what I should get.." Cas rubbed his neck as he spoke to Dean.
Driving to the motel was quiet, Dean and Sam shared a few looks on the way every time Arrow groaned in pain.
The car remained silent for a good few minutes, as they drove down a back road Sam shouted at Dean making him slam his foot on the breaks as a flash from the dark sky was seen. "What the f-" Dean cut off babys engine watching as the sky seemed to spit something out. Castiel however stepped out the car, ignoring the boys telling him to get back in.
"Well.. Everyone is different." Matthew rolled his eyes at the youngest Winchester who looked offended. "Ignore Matt, he's a whiny asshole with a stick up his ass." Shay smirked at the glare Matthew gave him. "Right, so how do we hurt these types of Demons? As these blades are useless." Dean brought the two winged creatures attention.
Dean was seven months pregnant.
"Cas is an Alpha." Dean growled out, Sam just nodded. "Huh, well looks like I'll be going to get another room." Sam stood up with his things leaving Dean, with his mouth open on the bed.
Dean groaned head falling on Cas' chest, but that just made Dean feel weirder his slit opened up revealing his small Omega dick and hole that seemed to be leaking "Cas, why am I leaking?" Dean heard Cas laugh "its your slick Dean, it makes it easier when you fuck," Cas had no idea how controlled he was being, as he was so close to Dean during the beginning of his very first heat. "Cas, you smell soo good! Will you fuck me?" It took Dean a moment to realise what he had just said, as he apologised to Cas. "I've got to take you home Dean, come on."
Obviously Jensen had learnt to move quick, starting Baby up driving quickly out and away from the bunker.
"oh, that's where they are Cas what you doing with my panties?" Dean casually walked over to Cas. What Dean wasn't expecting was to end up with his ass in the air on his bed.
Picking up some boxers from the floor before walking towards his bosses office, Dean wasn't worried about whatever the guy would say but deeper down he was worried, sitting down on a chair in front of the desk.
Cas is breaking as his brother isn't his brother anymore. (John made sure of that)
"Well we can, but I know you won't since last time you blackmailed me into getting you something, that wasn't really worth getting with my other secret porn." Connor snorted out a laugh at the memory. "Oh, that was nothing compared to this tho didn't know you'd be into the small twink looking guys." Connor was mostly innocent. "Just forget this never happened. Okay, now we are going to bed." Dean patted Connors knee closing his laptop, with Connor leaving his glass on the counter following him to his room.
The next morning Dean had no class so he decided to get up early which never happens, and he walked to a little coffee shop on the corner of the street. Even if the school was all boys Dean made friends with a few people outside the school, he usually see a few walking past the gates of the school. There was also an all girls opposite the all boys, Dean was friends with a girl there, her name was Charlie.
"What!? You've said nothing before! What's with the sudden protective bullshit?" Arrow was expecting the other hit on his head. "Don't use that type of language around me! And I'm your mother I have a right to be protective, aren't I?" Arrow regretted the look of sadness that showed in his mother's eyes.
************
Cas' cock slipped free from Dean, going back into the slit before going back home with Dean. Hopefully to start a family with just him, Dean and little Jimmy. Bobby had decided to stay with Jimmy, while Dean and Cas were busy mating with each other, but John stormed off back home probably to find someway to get rid of Cas, for good.
"Oh great..." Sam sat on the floor looking at his unconscious brother and his brothers Angel.
"This what you wanted baby?" Dean purposely teased his son's dick, his hand gently stroking him. "Yes, can I have it please?" Connor asked politely so how could Dean say no?
Dean shifts into a dog.
"Hmm warm." Misha mumbled as he cuddled into Jensen, all while Jensen looked in the direction of Dean and Sam who were watching silently. Jensen felt one of Mishas hand travel lower, luckily Dean decided to step closer telling them to get up and out. "Alright boys up and out, Misha hands to yourself today."
Dean Winchester is just your regular high school student, but he could be a pain in the ass. Especially to his little brother Sam Winchester who was four years younger then Dean, but he was happy following his older brothers footsteps.
"There you go kid," a bartender gave him another beer that he didn't ask for. "She ordered it for you." The woman pointed to the girls in the corner with a girl looking at him blushing, just as Sam and Dean came to sit next to him. "You gonna go get some and thank her or just gonna be rude and boring?" Dean chuckled before Sam elbowed him in the side.
"when are you guys gonna come?" Dean pulled off Jensen for a second as they have made Dean come three times already, and there was no sign of them coming anytime soon. "Just a little longer Dean, promise." Dean nods letting Jensen destroy his mouth again.
Krissy looked up at him when he finished, she wasn't sad or angry or maybe she was. "Jen, can we still fuck, I don't mind breaking up."
When they finished up in the shower, Sam finally got to dress on his own without Gabriel dancing around him. "Sam! Hurry up!" Lucifers voice called out from downstairs, making Sam jump and rush putting on his clothes. Running down the stairs standing in front of Gabriel and Lucifer. Gabriel patted Sams head before Lucifer dragged them out the house.
The door swung open as Castiel stood before Dean, in less clothing Dean was expecting. "Whoa, Cas whats with the missing layers man?" Cas looked down at himself and shrugged. "I wanted to try sleeping, and this was the only way to get slightly more comfortable, but why are you here Dean?"
" Shay sighed he was gripping onto the arms of the chair. "Shit! Sor- OH..." Dean walked around the front panicking but froze when he saw the look on Shays face.
"Sure Dean, you first?" Dean hummed sitting crossed legged on the couch. "This may take awhile." Cas laughed as Dean just looked confused. "What? I didn't say anything funny!"
Cas had dropped the notebook on the floor, his face was red. "So... How you find that?" Cas just looked at Dean who was smiling. "I-Its great, you going to give green eyes and blue eyes a name?" Dean only shook his head, while biting his bottom lip, but he soon smirked at Cas. "You know, I write stuff that I secretly want.." Dean whispered leaning over to Cas' side, until he was pressed to Cas' body. "Dean, what are you doing?" Cas looked into Deans green eyes. "Want me to back off?" Dean was just about to move back over to his side again but Cas quickly grabbed his wrist. "No, I just wanted to make sure you were sure, because I don't want to do something that you'll regret later," Cas sighed as he let Deans wrist go, as he wrapped an arm around Deans body, bringing him closer.
He saw Dean getting into his car as he got into his, "oh..." Cas heard a small gasp from Dean so he had turned his head "what?"
Are you wanting to make a few new crazy friends? Into writing, art or reading? Join the
----------------
"Alright, is it Dean?" The doctor shook Deans hand as she looked over at her computer, while telling him to take his pants off so she could check him. Dean rolled his eyes when the doctor poked around, but growling when he felt a finger going somewhere he didn't want it making her jump back a small bit. "Hmm, he seem to be a snappy Omega huh?" The doctor completely ignored Dean as she talked.
Dean kicked the stones while walking, he felt his phone buzz in his pocket.
Dean walked though the school, just listening to music on his phone until his friend walked beside him "Heard 'bout the new teach yet?" He pull Deans ear phone out as Dean shook his head at him "No, why?" he was getting curious about this new teacher "well, he hot you'll like him!" Dean stared at him confused, why would he like the teacher? "He's gay Dean, so are you. Also you will probably end up kicked out if anyone else finds out..." Oh yeah one thing to mention this was an all boys, religious and everything, no gays, no girlfriends absolutely nothing!
Which is what he was doing now, laying outside on the front porch he didn't want to wonder too far as there was something up in the street he was living at. As last night Jesse was woken with a ear piercing scream, only for a young female to show up dead. Obviously Jesse didn't know the whole story but apparently it was bad.
Driving back to his apartment, he got there in twenty minutes, Dean couldn't be bothered with the lift so he walked up the stairs which was a stupid idea to do.
Castiel stared at his family smiling, Dean looked back giving him a smile of his own.
Dean spent ten minutes staring at himself and the little bulge in his jeans.
Dean didn’t even jump at the feeling of Castiel behind him or make a sound at the intrusion around his lower half. Dean allowed himself to relax using Castiel’s to hold him up, small pants and whines were leaving his mouth the last thing on his mind was the knife being so close to his skin, he could feel the coolness of the blade against him it did cause him to shudder but he couldn’t find it in him to care. A high pitched moan was released from him when his prostate and Castiel’s hand found its way around his neck, Dean’s eyes widened moving his head slightly to look at Castiel all he saw was the man’s head back and what could only be described as pleasurable expression planted on his face.
"Arrow! Two laps before you go in!" Arrow kicked the fake grass, taking off around the edge of the field. Panting as he finished both laps walking inside with the rest of the boys, who thankfully ignored him. Arrow never liked sharing the showers, so he always waited until there was barely anyone, only one or two who had the same idea.
Sitting down gently placing his drink on the table at the side as he made a few clicks on his laptop, clicking on a video that was showing two guys, an Alpha and an Omega. The Omega on the video had the same colour hair as Dean, but a different shade of green in his eyes, he was a small Omega but he had a muscular body. The Alpha on the video had brown hair that reminded Dean of Cas, but his eyes were completely the wrong colour they were a dark brown, the Alpha was far more muscular then the Omega.
“Then let’s go eat,” Dean smirked wiping his face before darting out the bedroom and down to the kitchen.
"This is what I call my hobby. Now you going to be my good boy and help or what?" Castiel was looking at Dean that nodded. Castiel dragged Dean so he was next to him, going to rip the tape around the girl's mouth, who screamed making Dean jump out of his skin, getting hold of his Masters shirt.
"Sir? Why do I have to stay I didn't do anything wrong?" Dean asked at the back while Castiel was messing with two bottles of water under his desk. "Yes, Dean you did. You did everything wrong." Castiel picked up the paper they did a few weeks ago, Dean's that he got 9 out of 20 questions right.
Once reaching this house Castiel dragged Sam straight to his special room making sure not to make any noise so Dean would come looking to see what was happening, making sure Sam was strapped down on the table making sure he couldn't move, not like he had anywhere to run to anyway. Castiel went to see what Dean was up to as the house was strangely quiet for Dean. So going to the bedroom was Castiel's best bet to find him, just as he turned to walk into his room Dean ran straight into his with tears running down his cheeks.
"No, nothing.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean slammed his glass on the table, causing a few heads to rise up, just as Dean hissed out. "There is no way I'm taking this job if
Join the discord server I've placed in the notes of Chapter 3, 4 and other chapters.
"This happens often or something? And who are you?" The middle one, Jensen, spoke before being interrupted by Misha. "Jensen, it's like that episode that we did!" Jared and Jensen looked at each other then to Dean, then to Misha. "You Dean Winchester?" Dean nods, while they walked to one of the trailers which ended up being Jared's trailer. "You know how to get back or you gonna be stuck here a while?"
Dean: 6 months old
Just a little filler chapter.
"Since you two boys haven't left this place yet what is it that you're hunting?" Sam cut in, he actually noticed the research on the table. "We don't know, but it is half vampire and werewolf, me and Jen have only just figured a plan, since it kinda went to shit the first time we went to the place they're camping out at." Misha just didn't know when to shut his mouth.
Dean waited several weeks to see if Cas would pop up out of nowhere again, but the Angel didn't. Dean growled out at annoyance he was laying on a really uncomfortable bed, his tail was in a uncomfortable position, as this girl he picked up from a bar rides him, and now he was thinking about the damn Angel. Sitting up making the girl gasp, getting her off him before throwing her down on the bed.
Luckily Cas had his best friend father to tell him everything about Alphas and Omegas.
"Now?" Cas hissed. Dean kicked his legs up, then tears ended up pouring out from his eyes. Castiel sighed carrying Dean, as he was heading for the restroom. Cas placed Dean so he was propped up as he adjusted himself while using his grace so his now female body could produce the right thing to feed Dean.
Dean and Sam spent a lot of time on the road more creatures had been appearing, but nothing big had happened which seemed to frustrate Dean. "Great, what the hell are we suppose to be looking for anyway!" Dean stepped his foot on the gas accidentally making the Impala lurch forward. "Dean, like I said all this week, I don't know." Castiel let out his own sigh of annoyance.
7th Month:
Shay gripped onto Deans shirt, moaning into the mans mouth. "Wow.." Dean whispered while pulling away, earning a growl from Shay who opened his eyes. "Dean. You're playing with something that you shouldn't." It was Shays turn to see Dean shiver because of him. "Goddamn.. fuck." Dean couldn't think for a second as he had a angel in his lap attacking his neck with his mouth, all while Castiel watched with amusement.
It took everything in Dean not to remind himself of the person who he tried not to think about.
"Dean you'll get a kid eventually, you just have to wait." Sam said to his brother after a few days seeing how his brother seemed a little down. "Yeah, I know Sammy, now what's this case ya got?"
Jensen was trying to keep his moans in when Dean set a brutal pace "Jen, I wanna hear you, come on, let me hear you," Dean bit at Jensens ear gently earning a small gasp which soon turned to Jensen making noises like a porn star.
(See the end of the chapter for
Ok, moving to a new city where he can hopefully be able to work as Castiel got fired from my old job, so now he is going to be a porn star, a gay one.
"So, when we stopping?" You asked as you sat up arms resting on the back of the seat. "We need to stop for gas soon, then we'll be back on the road for another few hours." Dean glued his eyes on the road in front of him. Sam was reading through the research he got done. Causing you to slump back with a huff, the boys just chuckled at your childlike behaviour.
Nothing seemed to have changed to Castiel, but everything had.
Also I have trouble spelling some words!
"Sam, of course I miss him, but missing him won't bring him back, but don't worry Sammy." Dean gave Sam a smile as they shut the trunk of the car, before getting in and driving off.
"Ok, Jensen. Go three goes with out your pants on." Jensen glared at Dean who had a little smile appearing on his face. "Fine, we doing that now?" Jensen stood up taking off his jeans, folding them over the nearest chair. "boxers too," Jensen opened and closed his mouth, but he did it anyway. Dean saw the way Misha was looking at Jensen, well Jensens dick. "Can I pick both of you?" Misha and Dean nods. "ok, T or D," they both picked dare. "Dean take off all your clothes, Misha you take off your shirt." Dean didn't make a fuss as he just silently took off all his clothes, feeling both Misha and Jensen staring.
Walking through the front door, Cas saw that everything was scattered everywhere. Clearly Dean had another kiddie tantrum while he was out. "DEAN!" Cas stormed upstairs to their bedroom, seeing Dean throwing a pillow at the wall. "Get out!!" Dean screamed while he held his head in his hands. "Dean? Whats going on," Cas whispered as Dean was clearly freaking out over something. "C-Cas??"
"someone gotta boyfriend!" Dean blushed while trying to get his phone. "So who is he?" Once Jo found something out she would want to know all about it. "He's my teacher... and His names Castiel, but I call him Cas." Dean was moving around the room putting his clothes on.
"Dean would you just stay still!" Castiel brushed his long hair out his face with a sigh, putting his hands on his hips glaring at the little child that was Dean giggling at him. "We can still work the case, Cas!" Sam piped up from the table, once Castiel changed his brother's smelly diaper again.
Comment pwease? It helps!
"I wanna talk about what turns us on, like kinks and stuff. Can we do that?"
Cas growled as his teeth sank into Deans neck, the water around them changed as their scents combines with one another. The scents were pure, nobody actually believed in things like true mates or soul mates they all thought they were myths. But the way Cas' and Deans scent collided creating a blue and green glow, had John and the other merman who showed up moments before Cas bit Dean, in shock.
It was an full hour until Castiel took Dean home. Dean was bouncing up and down in the passenger seat of Cas' car while looking out the window, watching all the trees and buildings pass, until Castiel pulled up to a mansion. Dean was stuck inside the car mouth open staring at the house in front of him.
Cas woke up with his friend landing on him, groaning as he opened his eyes to shove his best friend off him. Cas was having a strange dream about him and Dean, Dean was slowly dying from inside out and Cas was the reason why Dean was dying inside, shaking his head trying to get rid of the thought of the dream swimming around his head, him and his best friend swam together, with small smiles on their faces while on their way to school.
"Well... looks like imma come with you guys now." Jesse said with a smirk on his face, looking right at Dean who scowled.
"Sam, were there anymore deaths before these?" Shay questioned once they left the building and into a gross motel room. "Possibly why?"
Dean held his head in his hands.
"Is it normal to punch your friends?" Cas quietly asked to Dean. "Wait, I thought Chris was your friend?" Jensen slowly shook his head "nope, he's a dick but I don't care, he listens to me more then anyone else anyway." Jensen shrugged before going to hide out in his room.
I made the whole how to kill a Vampire/Werewolf up i don't know if it would happen, but hey i'm just having fun writing it.
Another hour past Dean somehow kept himself entertained in the water before he lifted himself from the pool and perching on the side next to Castiel who instead of reading was watching Deans every move. “Cas, last time someone looked at me like that I got laid.” Dean saw the blue eyes belonging to Castiel darken and the next thing he knew the wind was knocked out of him and he had a grown man on top of him, not that Dean was currently complaining he was fully on board with what was about to happen.
Finding his parents at their usual spots before walking to join them. "Whoa Jensen, you look like you just got hit with a bus." Dean smirked at his brothers comment. "Mhm, feels like that too." Jensen groaned as he sat making all the three adults look at him weird "What?"
"Well, you two stay! I'll.. uh.. I'll go out and buy things for the both of you, since Dean you're a puppy and Cas is a kitten." Sam spoke to the two animals that were looking at him, once they all calmed down from the sudden changes, which caused Dean to start barking repeatedly for a solid ten minutes. Earning a growl from Dean who glared but soon went back at staring at his paws, as Sam disappeared out the door with a sigh.
"Angels are watching over you Dean." Sam whispered to his sleeping brother before heading off to go sleep himself.
“It’s quite alright, don’t worry about it.”
Sure it was probably creepy watching them have sex but what you’ve been through, you thought it was reasonable to watch. You felt a tingle rush through your body as you continue to stare, hearing the soft moans Dean was creating, and with the powerful thrusts the older man was making, while a cock was swinging between legs, another disappearing in and out of what you could only think was a well-used hole.
"Jen, get your ass back in the damn car. I'm freezing." Misha smirked, walking away with Jensen rushing to catch up. Once at the car Jensen grabbed Misha by the waist pinning him to the side of the car. "Mish," Jensen whispered out the name, Misha nodding silently.
"Alright! I'm here!" Jensen grumbled out, swinging the door open that had Dean with his bag, following him to Baby, off to school he went.
"Ah, ah, no buts, Bed, Now!" Cas clearly wasn't having any as he went downstairs to get Dean something to drink before he went to bed, it was either a glass of milk or a glass of water.
Dean laid on the floor for a while before forcing himself up walking towards the coffee place, walking in hearing the little bell ring as he opened the door, searching for Cas he spotted him near the back in a little booth, wincing with each step he took as Dean went over sitting opposite looking at Cas. "Oh De- What happened?" Castiel looked at Deans face as he frowned "sorry I was late, but I just bumped into a few guys.. but its cool! I swear, can we go to the spot?" Dean was about to get up but was stopped by Cas' hand on his wrist "no, Dean you didn't know the boys did you?" Dean shook his head at Cas, he didn't know anyone other then Cas, Crowley and Benny that was mostly it.
" Dean was the first to cum over him and Jensen, Sam came undone after seeing Dean coming undone, while Jensen came a few seconds after them both.
(See the end of the chapter for
Gabriel was standing beside the couch Lucifer moved around the back of Sam yanking his pants to his knees, Dean frowned as he watched Lucifer take out his cock with a look down at his brother he placed a hand on his head to keep him down on his dick.
With a small nod from Cas, Dean moved along his Daddys cock, moaning each time it hit the back of his throat. Tapping Cas' thighs as well as looking up nodding at Cas, Dean relaxed his mouth as Cas fucked into his mouth slowly at first but got faster as Dean relaxed more. "Such a good boy, Dean, always a good boy." Dean closed his eyes as he felt the familiar taste of Cas' cum spilling out, down his throat with a low moan coming from Cas. Dean didn't move until he cleaned Cas off. "hmm, still a good boy," popping off Cas' cock with a smile on his face. "I'm full now Daddy!"
Dean got the answer when the two Demons had been thrown off them. "What the Hell! Working with a fucking Angel!?" Azazel ran off quickly, when Castiels sword came out, Alastair being the idiot he is was challenging the Angel. Both their wings up wide threatening the other, Dean couldn't move the pain in his left wing preventing him from doing so.
Jensen growled, striping off his clothes before joining Dean on the bed slapping Deans hand away and wrapping his own hand around Deans cock.
Chase moved away when he heard his name, sitting up looking at Dean who also sat up. "Sorry, we should just go back to sleep," Chase whispered, looking down at his lap, but instead of Dean lying back down Chase was dragged over. "You... You can keep going," Dean whispered back. Chase snapped his head up, looking at Dean who nodded.
Walking down the stairs turning a corner he stopped short after seeing him, he was in the alphas house. Dean was frozen in place as he stared at the man, who did save him from his attacker earlier in the store.
Want this to continue?
-best friend, lover whatever the heck he was, Dean was on board with their plan.
Castiel pushed his top half up making sure he wasn’t crushing the Omega under him who was beaming. “That was fucking awesome!” Dean exclaimed making Cas chuckle at kiss the omega.
Jensen somehow managed to get to Chris without falling over himself. Krissy gasped at Jensen more then at Chris. "Chris don't think she's enjoying you man," Jensen pulled him off "fine you enjoy her then!" Chris walked off again leaving Jensen and his girlfriend. "Am I allowed to enjoy you?" Jensen stepped closer to Krissy who smiled. "Sure thing, but lets go somewhere more private?"
"Can we get married? I wanna get married." Cas gave out a soft laugh "Yes, Dean. We can get married, would you like to make the plans?" Dean giggled saying a small quiet yes.
Sam rolled his eyes at the wall,
Dean was on a rock watching his two children while holding his newborn child, Honour. She had Castiels eyes.
"The Winchesters."
"Will I ever be able to see my brother?" Sam asked after an awkward silence of Gabriel having his head on Sams should mumbling to himself. "Does Sam want to see his brother? When? Does Sam want to see his brother?" Gabriel looked at Sam smiling. "Sooner rather than later, so could I see him this weekend?" Sam could see Gabriel was thinking about it. "Once Gabriel and Lucifer train you well then see your brother." Sam sighed but was confused with the training but before he could ask Lucifer stormed in.
So Jesse thought it was a smart idea to wonder around in the dark, he knew he nailed his shifting into a wolf down when he needed to run away from something, but he didn't actually know what the hell he was doing, all this just to see what the two Alpha brothers were talking about.
Dean wondered all the time until it was time for Castiel to come back with a tray full of food. "Alright, looks like I'll be feeding you since you're a little tied up." Dean rolled his eyes at the pun, Castiel sat down next to him the tray on his lap.
Castiel could feel Dean shaking, leaning forward so his lips brushed against his ear before whispering to reassure the boy in his arms.
The Hunter patted the hood of Baby, as Castiel took the offered space watching the flames go higher.
**THIS IS NOT SET DURING SEASON 11
Dean nods "D-i-s-t-r-a-c-t-i-n-g?" Castiel nods his head checking off the word. They went through about six words until the hour was up "Ok, that's enough today!" Dean looked at him then the clock his heart fell
Castiel picked up a book, just to read quietly for a few minutes, well he thought that was going to happen until he heard the loudest knock on his door. Once he opened it he saw Dean, panting in the rain. It had only began to rain a few minutes ago but Dean was soaked. "Dean? I didn't think you'll be here that quick.." Cas stepped aside for Dean to come in. "Well, I didn't wanna stay in that shit hole any longer, so here I am!" Dean placed his wet jacket on the coat hanger by the door next to Cas'.
READ THIS TO MAKE THIS A WHOLE NEW LEVEL OF CONFUSION!!
You can remind me anytime you like.
"Just wait and see." Dean mumbled.
Dean watched with widened eyes as his teacher slowly approached the bed. "What... What's going on?" Dean spoke out his voice sounded rough, his mouth was dry but he saw Castiel lift up a cup filled with liquid. Shaking his head quickly as the cup was brought to his face. "Dean, drink!" Castiel gripped Deans hair guiding him to the cup which Dean reluctantly drank from.
Arrow skipped past Dean to disappear towards where Dean showed him where the shows were, completely forgetting to stop off at his room for clean clothes and a towel.
It was just like the simulations, it was, he could convince himself of that. His angel blade slide into Cas' free hand.
Dean woke with a gasp as he looked around the bedroom he was in Castiel was sleeping soundly next to him, he looked so much kinder when he was asleep no dark eyes were glaring at Dean or the frown on his face. All that disappeared when he was asleep, everything was…. Almost peaceful.
Walking back out walking right into Dean on the way, "you aright Con?" Dean asked as Connor just nodded. "Feeling tired and my minds not in the right place that's all, and walked into the wrong room." Connor picked up the habit of rubbing the back of his neck when he's nervous, he picked it up from Dean.
"Cas... come on.." Dean had managed to get Cas down to his white boxers, Cas got Dean naked.
"Couldn't sleep so gettin' a drink," Connor got himself a glass of water, taking a seat next to Dean who shifted a little. "Why couldn't you sleep?"
Satisfied with himself Castiel walked back to his little home in the forest, setting up the fire in his basement collecting the clothes off the floor that belonged to the girl, throwing piece after piece of clothing into the pit, but leaving the panties in his hands.
Shay disappearing from the bunker telling Sam he was doing a hunt that wouldn't take long, Sam just let him go alone without a question. So that's why Shay is standing outside in the cold weather watching a few stinky demons. Hiding himself in the shadows Shay watched them talk, it was a pointless conversation until Shay over heard a name he remembered.
"Who said you could come here?" Dean stood up quickly so he was standing in the middle of the room, he was relaxed around everyone else but his bloody dad... "uh I could stay somewhere else, but I don't kn-" Dean got cut off by his dad shoving him out the door, throwing his bag out as well. With a slam of the door in his face, Dean walked to his car driving to a place where he knew he wouldn't be kicked out from.
Hours later Sam woke up on the floor feeling smaller.
"I b-bought myself a horse." The man looked down not daring to look at Castiel in the eyes. "Hmm, truth. Now." Castiel dug the blade in slightly guys the man to struggle in his hold. "Some in a bag on the horse I bought with the money, please don't kill me." The man whispered, Castiel heard footsteps that sounded like Sams walk away.
"H-Hi, um sorry." Arrow stuttered thankfully he had taken the long way to school so he could have this awkward conversation.
(See the end of the chapter for
The last ten minutes Dean, decided to act up again but Cas gave up, just to wait until the class was over to deal with Dean. "Okay, See all you tomorrow!"
"This is the weirdest pet idea I have ever heard of Dean," Sam mutter to himself as the were standing inside a pet store.
Shays chains snapped off lunching towards the Demons who screamed as their wings were being ripped off from their backs. Other Demons ended up investigating the screams but that only made the meet their deaths from a pissed off hybrid. Shay collapsed when the last remaining Demon had fallen by his bare hands, passing out once again.
Opening the door Dean was greeted with a playroom. "What's this room for?" Dean watched his Alpha smile. "This is your safe room, I made it especially for you. Nothing bad will happen in his room, if you feel you need space and relax then come here. I wont come in unless you tell me to." Dean nodded while looking around the room, finding a soft bed in the corner.
"Whoa whoa what happened, you said you were hunting a ghost!" Sam interrupted, crossing his arms. "I lied, because I didn't want you guys rushing into it." Shay looked at the table disappointed in himself. "You could teach them how to kill these Demons and Angels, that doesn't require ripping off the wings with there bare hands like you did." Matthew shook his wings, while talking.
Short but I'll make some more longer.
Castiel curled himself into a little ball, well until he felt a big dip in the bed, which meant Dean had now joined him. But lucky for Castiel, Dean stayed at the end of the bed while Cas stayed near the pillows. "You guys tired?" Sam was stood off to the side watching them both.
"I can understand you now. Yes." Cas wagged his tail as both puppies turned their heads seeing a wide eyed Sam.
"Hello?" Chase answered carefully.
"I'll do it, but can I just stick with the females for a few more weeks?" His boss nodded "sure, we have to get a new gay porn-star anyway, that other one has been drinking, smoking, and some other shit so it might take a few weeks. You could if you wanted pick the guy that you would either fuck or be fucked by." Dean nods at the idea of him picking out the guy.
There dead deal with it.
"Dean, no.." Cas tried calming Dean down, but he was to far into his heat that Cas caused by bonding them together. "Alpha, please!" Dean was slowly rubbing his tail against Cas'. Which made Cas let out a primitive growl. turning Dean on more "Cas, I need you. Please.." Cas was on the edge of losing his control, it wasn't until they kissed Cas' instincts take over.
A sigh left his lips perching his bottom on the hood on the Impala watching the building burn.
"Shay? Shay!" Dean was smacking his face as Shay came to. "Wha-What happened?" Shay stuttered as Castiels and Deans worried faces came into view. "Oh thank God, Shay we fucked and you passed out!" Shay squinted at Dean who was still naked. "We had sex.. and oh no..." Shay dropped his head into his hands. "What?" Dean was fretting like a damn wife around Shay. "I lost control again.. I'm sorry." Shay whispered.
When Cas walked back into their bedroom Dean was sat crossed legged on the bed, in blue pjs with a teddy bear in his hands, Cas got him the bear for being a good boy. "Good boy, now you ready for bed little one?" Dean nodded while making grabby hands at the glass of milk in his Daddys hand.
“ah, ah, ah, be good,” Castiel growled, yanking the underwear down Deans legs and throwing them somewhere, doing the same to his own while he was at it. Groaning at the sight of Dean completely naked, his ass leaking slick on to the bed made the alpha drool himself, from his mouth and made his dick let out a little precum on the bed.
Dean wrapped a hand around his length slowly guiding his hand up and down his shaft. Sam couldn't help but stare at him "you want this Sammy? Want your big brother's cock?" Castiel stalked towards Sam, going behind him gently guiding him forward towards Dean, motioning him to hop up onto the chair.
Cas didn't say anything but Dean wishes he had "this might be weird but I just need to say it, ok?"
He could hear his breath, he was dying nothing could help him.
Arrow ran out of the room with Sam and Dean calling after him, he didn't listen, he didn't want to see another person dead so Arrow ran back to the motel and waited... 3 hours.
Deans whole world lit up when he was told by his mother and father that he was gonna be an older brother, he was also a little disappointed that he wasn't the only child so when they told him he didn't know whether to laugh or cry, but he was happy either way... Until his little brother was born and they announced him as Sam Winchester, Dean would spend more time with the servants and Ellen as his parents looked after Sam when they knew he could walk and talk.
“Why are you in my bed?” Castiel asked after a short while, petting Deans hair again almost convinced that the omega was purring.
"Dean, I apologise for my random appearances, just hope your not in danger." Castiel heard Dean snort. "Only danger I'm in is not completing my daily jerking off." Dean didn't miss the way the Angel tilted his head.
Chase placed his hand on Deans dick, rubbing him through his boxers just watching Deans reaction. Dean responded by placing his own hand inside Chase's pants, making him jump in surprise leaning forward resting his head on Deans shoulder. "Touch me, come on." Dean bit Chases ear gently, Chase put his hand down Deans boxers taking hold of his dick not wasting any time he moved his hand at a fast pace, Deans hands gripped his hips tightly. "Fuck! Chay!" Dean groaned in Chases ear.
Slamming the paper on the table making the boy jump "well, let's see if we can't correct all these little mistakes?" Castiel dragged over a chair and the bottles of water from his desk. "But sir this was a few weeks ago," Castiel rolled his eyes.
They stayed like that, making out on the Impala in the ashes of their lives they were born to live by.
Castiel and Gabriel sat with the boys during the movie, with Dean sitting in Castiel's lap, and with Sam pressed up against Gabriels side.
