“Afraid not,” said Coulson, “but if you so wish, you can hear all about the adventure of stuck trains in the middle of a summit. I hear it is quite thrilling.”
“Curious,” he said.
“Oh, and Rogers,” Fury spoke to Steve’s retreating back, “now that you don’t have your usual engagements, you wouldn’t mind dipping your toes into something big? I’ve heard some rumors about the man who killed Thaddeus Ross.”
Tony’s hold on the next house wavered as he, for the first time, looked back at Stane.
Peter ran up and down the street, branch pointed like a gun and, as he passed them, they heard a muffled ‘pew, pew’ from behind the mask.
“Do we have to bring distrust and suspicion to this relationship?” asked Tony, who gestured at the space between them. “It’s a bit of a grey area, but yes.”
There was a loud
“S-Stane keeps a hostage here,” Rumlow told swiftly. “Tony Stark is his name, the true heir to this company. He’s supposed to be dead.”
“Dead end,” said Sam. “Completely blocked—we helped Clint climb up a drainpipe onto a roof.”
“Let me guess,” floated in Sam’s concerned voice, “we’re heading toward the swirling white hell in the west?”
“I swear you won’t,” said Steve, both chilled and elated at such an open expression of love from his husband. “I won’t let him.”
“Hmm,” he muttered quietly.
His wistful musings were interrupted by Scott, who had crept to the window as well.
“I thought — I
Tony shrugged. “And you couldn’t open it for her before?”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” he said. “You can ask Tony later. You live together, after all. What’s the rush?”
“It’d be a relief, then, to hear Coulson knows a young and visionary engineer in Denver who’s agreed to come and design us a fireproof bridge at a reasonable prize?” asked Natasha.
The shorter man brought his bottle to his lips again—and then, making him jump so badly he drew in some of it, and causing his friend to fall off his stool, Steve spoke.
“A Mr. Rhodes called upon you while you were asleep, sir,” said Jarvis, and before Tony could swallow his enormous bite, he went on with, “He told me to tell you he is glad you are no longer stretching the limits of human endurance, but would appreciate if you also remembered to take equal care of your friendships.”
Rogers’s answering blush was blurred due to Tony’s watering eyes; he blinked, trying to get them to focus.
business,” Steve said flatly. “But sure, sir, I can go to Coulson and ask him to draft us the paperwork for an official divorce.”
In the dark library lit by the slanting shafts of pale evening light, there were dozen-odd chairs pushed in a semi-circle around the large desk the solicitor had laid his brown attaché case on; three people, however, were not sitting: Anna Jarvis, who appeared to have aged more than a month since the funeral, was talking to the head of Maria Stark Foundation; in the background, Obie was going through the shelves, picking books at random and riffling through their pages carelessly.
“Didn’t Tony break into that to steal the designs on our gas-fueled lamps for his pet project?” he asked slyly, disregarding Steve’s look that plainly said ‘you’re pushing your luck’, a feeling apparently shared by Sam, who shuffled his feet as though quite eager to put a bit of distance between himself and Clint.
“And then what?” Steve asked, quietly.
How beautiful they stand,
“What in the name of God,” swore Bucky.
“We really need to work on your paranoia or soon I won’t have any staff left,” Tony told Steve once the coast was clear.
“Does that really help you focus?” he asked, looking doubtful. Tony had a sudden suspicion he may have been there, watching him, for a while.
Ms. Pym hardly spared him a half a glance.
But then, his hair stood up: in the black, glossy pane, something had caught his attention … something that should not be there, behind him in the room…
Steve stared at Fury. He was supposed to be busy finding a cheap steel company and a free architect—so what was he doing, sneaking to the stage as though he had been anxiously following its movements from that window of his at seven o’clock in the morning? Steve watched closely as Fury moved to the driver and received a tall pile of envelopes…
Now what? Tony thought desperately. If he could be sure it was just a housemaid … or an air bubble in the pipes … but still, no cause made itself known. There was nothing for it…
But Obadiah Stane would not go quietly.
“Steve?” he tested the waters.
“I could stay if—”
Suddenly, there was an agonized shout. Tony and Steve looked out to the open door, through which they could hear scolding: “No, drop that! No! Drop —
Steve suppressed a wave of disappointment, for he granted his expectations had been too high; these were things Tony had kept from him as well.
The sudden, irrelevant question caught Steve by surprise. He couldn’t tell where Tony was getting at—or if he even knew what he meant by it.
considers the morning wasted if he hasn’t discovered seven conspiracies by lunchtime. For a white-collar, he’s pretty sprightly. And the fact he’s now advanced to getting others to join his paranoia,
“Not when someone’s trying to prompt us into a suicide mission in the middle of the most flammable factory in the world,” said Bucky in a mocking tone.
But when Tony skipped down the two stone steps, lilies in hand, it was to find Constable Lang by the pavement. Tony looked at him, startled; he had not counted for this, he had prepared to only evade the fish wives.
Steve held his breath, but Tony did not elaborate; just looked out of the window in what looked to be another troubled silence.
When the door closed again, Rogers’ eyes were flying over the tea-things. He didn’t seem to be taken in with the Old Worcester porcelain so thin one could see the shadow of one’s finger on the other side. In fact, he appeared to be working himself up to something; a muscle slid in his jaw and he started:
No one else got a warning. Why change pattern now?”
“Good,” said Sam although he looked dubious. “Just making sure the town gossip isn’t what’s keeping you up.”
“Steve?”
“You heard nothing?” Rogers made sure.
Angrily, he dragged himself back to the desk. He threw himself onto the chair with a wail of springs and considered sneaking into the pantry for jelly and biscuits, as had been his modus operandi when adults dully entertained one another — but, as he kicked his legs out to rest on the sturdy piece of furniture, his heel disturbed something metallic, which rang out shrilly.
Another silence followed. Just when Tony looked like he would bring some subterranean train of thought to the surface, clicking heels hurried closer and he withdrew back into his shell; Steve all but bit his tongue.
“Ease off, Sheriff,” he said, pulling back his hand. “You can tell Rogers I’m done shopping for the day.”
“Oh…” he said dully, the memory coming back to him at last.
He held Tony’s gaze as the moment lengthened.
The old floor under him creaked and cracked. Once or twice he thought he heard something move nearby, but when he paused, he found it to be nothing but a floorboard springing back or work of his guilt-induced paranoia. There was no sign of housemaids, ghosts, evil spirits — nor, thankfully, Jarvis.
“You mean
strike me as the sparing sort,” jumped in Bucky. “If he’s not dead in a ditch somewhere remote, he mustn’t be much of threat to Stane.”
“Oh, that’s Tony, Steve’s—” Bucky begun, but shot an alarmed look at Steve and closed his mouth so quickly his teeth clicked together.
He, then, gave Steve and Tony both a none-too-gentle, meaningful shove towards the space opening in the middle of a room as the men backed off. All inhabitants in the room were staring at them, some enthusiastically, others solemnly. A few rose from their seats to see them better.
“And how long has it been since the bridge burned?”
“Sector sixteen,” he read out, finally letting himself meet Natasha’s level of excitement.
“Get you feet off the seat, we know where they’ve been,” he told Clint.
“You know, if my math is right, and it always is, your promptitude to the call was rather suspiciously commendable, even for you.”
“I’m doing the right thing,” Steve said stiffly and left.
you thought that you, with your reckless, high-flying lifestyle, were suited to take on the responsibility of a dependent.”
“You know,” said Sam, looking over at the sleeping man, “I’ve never seen him close his eyes. This is fascinating.”
one of us wrong if it means he can gain something from it.”
if you're curious about that sort of thing lol
Steve had never really been allowed to be young; war detached one from such concerns. Still, people untouched by war seemed younger and older than him, both at once. Steve had thought he had seen some of that imposed maturing in Tony. But Tony back then had been too young for war. Why, then, had he seen the same fatigue mirrored in his husband’s eyes at the sight of his old uniform?
“Did Pym tell you to say that?” he asked.
Tony tore his gaze away only after Rogers had rounded the westernmost side of the house, out of sight.
“Of what?” Steve asked, his cup frozen halfway to his lips.
“It’s Tony’s business where he wants to travel. We’re no longer together—”
“I may have gone to the saloon the other night,” Tony said, apropos of nothing.
“What do I have to do with you people,” said Fury, looking exasperatedly at their unimpressed expressions. “Present you with a fully sketched masterplan to destroy Earth?”
“S-sure, Mr. Stark.”
“I’d love to,” Steve told him.
“As a matter of interest,” Tony said, laid far back in the seat, “I hope you’ll not arrest my butler. Is that not the common way? In their defence, serving somebody all hours of a day does sound like a handful — and they would be really good at cleaning off the blood.”
“I’ve got half of them, Rumlow” said Pierce as he locked the five of them in the room and pulled a gun on them.
“Starks are made of iron,” he muttered, watching at his feet. “You’re not a separate alloy.”
For a moment Tony looked as if Steve had spoken gibberish. He looked up at Steve, rainwater dripping down his nose, but his eyes were unfocused, and Steve suspected he was trying to count the days since he had last known the date.
“Tony,” he gasped, and tried again, “Tony!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You have one,” she said.
“Only if it was the last option,” Tony said, “and God help the kid if it is.”
“Ah, I’m afraid you’re getting slower,” he drawled. “Your men have already been here to beg that I’m not to let you go. But what can I say to a man with a plan?”
“So,” he said, laying the newsprint down, “a politician was shot? Sounds oddly familiar.”
“A week.”
“I don’t know what’s the attraction with this,” he coughed. “This is vile.”
So, the next weekend found them under the porch in wait for Happy’s stage with mixed feelings. There had been steady news in the papers about arrest, though of the three arrests made in the last month, they doubted one of them was genuine. Steve, meanwhile, stared into the snow-covered remains of the forge not far off on the other side of the wide street. promising both to himself and Tony,
Steve flinched.
But Tony … Tony would have solved these murders, Steve knew. Tony would have known who had shot them and why because Tony always had the answers; he had fixed guns, gas lamps, built amazing things from scrap in his forge … but Tony, like the forge, was gone…
Tony did, though whatever had made that noise—whatever was hidden under his shirtsleeves—evidently made his movements clunky and jerky. Supporting himself on the side of a house, then on a lamp, he proceeded uphill while Stane kept up a constant stream of verbal abuse.
He stopped short and stared at Steve. Then he looked at Tony. Then back at Steve. Tony realized they must have been still radiating poorly concealed hostility, and probably looked as if they had engaged in a battle of words and Tony had come out on top — which he had.
In a synchronous movement, both Steve and Fury swiveled to look out onto the street where Happy’s wagon stood not hundred yards from them, left front wheel twisted, wagon tongue nearly buried in the sand, and all this fronted by a visibly distressed mule. Scott Lang appeared to be attempting to split himself into two and was trying to simultaneously keep the limp but lofty form of Moolissa on the listed wagon bed while calming down the panicky mix-breed.
He cut off Tony’s access into the sitting room.
Rogers digested this motive.
Ten feet from the woman, the crowd became dense, and contact became unavoidable. This invited closer conflict than Tony had wished.
“You know,” said Obie, looking down at the keyboard, unaware of Tony’s struggle, “you could show a little enthusiasm. It will be your face that’s expected at the board meetings by this time tomorrow.”
Hurrying forward to catch the doctor himself, Steve lengthened his stride.
“You don’t think
A hand grabbed his shoulder from behind and Steve’s hurt hand came to clutch it in reflex. The throbbing palm sent a searing twinge up his arm, and the hands on his shoulders used this moment of weakness to tug him out of the forge.
Have a nice weekend xx. M
Bucky jogged to a nearest pile of wooden boxes and tore its lid off. From inside, he lifted a rifle that had a strange shape to its barrel, which was very short and awkward-looking, given the black second handle in front of the trigger. Its function was revealed, though, once Bucky tried to take it off. It was full of ammunition.
He didn’t know what he was going to say — strict, conservative? But Steve merely nodded as though he, too, had seen the deep resentment and shame the older man had felt at the downward spiral of his firstborn and only son, and guessed how bitter he must have been that the loss of Tony played a part as a catalyst.
“Remind me again why exactly you joined the army,” she answered coldly. “Tony’s still in danger from Stane, and he won’t be safe until Stane’s—”
Steve huffed and all his company turned to look at him.
“Any guest that’s been to the house in the past weeks and during the wake have had all the opportunity to put their hands all over the property, no questions asked.”
Tony noted that his face was an odd mixture of slyness and the fever of anticipation.
“Great.
The town had changed. The piles of fresh produce displayed at storefronts, although naturally growing smaller by the season’s change, were now almost completely lost. Most of it had been cleaned out in panic and preserved, but others had frozen during a record-breaking frost a fortnight ago. A few windows were boarded up, including those of the hotel whose owners had not been able to afford continuing to pay rent to Pym, who owned half of the land the town was built on. The reduced sleeping accommodations had cut back on the number of overnight visitors.
, which was repeating inside his head like a broken mantra.
“Steve,” Tony broke the silence at length, “please tell me you’re going to intimidate Mr. Circus Show out there into letting me out.”
Tony’s warm brown eyes were boring into Steve’s, who met his gaze unflinchingly, concentrating hard on what he might find there, unsaid—
Steve stared at him; he could not understand why they were all looking at him as though he was unreasonable. It looked for a moment like Bucky was gearing up for a lecture but whatever flood was going to burst through his thinly pressed lips, was detained by a couching fit from the cot.
“—which we can’t risk, not with many windows overlooking—”
[4] Dummy is here!! AhH, tHe SeRoToNiN !!1
“Ha, ha, right,” said Hammer, grinning wider now. “Good one, good one.”
“You know,” he said, “it’s amazing how we always end up talking about me instead of you.”
The honest answer was that Steve was particularly aware and illogically suspicious of anything and everything this morning due to certain circumstances he did not wish to disclose. Sam, however, seemed to gather the worst from his face.
Unwilling to play along, Tony asked, “Is your order taking long?”
Jarvis seemed to gain strength from their astonished faces.
Jarvis swallowed.
“Magnificent,” said Tony, sparing the ceiling a glance before peering at the guests. Now, Hammer was obviously in high good humour. His desire to invite Tony had been, Tony suspected, a mere whim. He may have been highly amused, as a child might be amused, by doing something unapproved. But no, the undercurrents that Tony sensed were nothing to do with Justin Hammer. In what direction did they lie, then?
A housemaid with a dustpan and a brush breezed past him, and behind him, quite distinctly, he heard a muttered, “Scared isn’t the word I’d use.”
He did not stop until his boots sunk into the mud of the riverbank, where burrs stuck to his light brown pants: the yellowed hay swayed in wind; the swift, rushing current sped around the bend created by their town, and the water looked very grey reflecting the skies overhead. Despite all this, there lingered a silence and stillness, as shivers stared to rock up and down Steve’s body, as his hair and clothes got wetter and wetter until he did not know whether the moisture dripping from his chin was from the rain or his tears.
“Tony’s gone,” said Steve.
Bucky and Steve ignored him.
“It would do more harm than good tonight,” he said cryptically and with delay.
While the end of the table was the most coveted seat, for one could cut their food without cramming their arms, Steve noted, though, that this also put him in a position where he would not be in contact with Steve on either side.
Tiberius gave a rather mirthless chuckle and choked slightly on his next drag. “Takes one to know one, sweetheart.”
“What condition?” Steve said quickly.
“Now,” Pierce said, “whoever is in charge, I have two conditions. Nothing is to be touched. Nothing. And you must not leave this spot right here until I return for you. Understood?”
“None of you remember Stane’s letter?” Bucky said, standing up and giving each of them an intense look by turn. “How he wrote about his best worker? No?”
“That’s a good reference,” said Rogers, looking boyish. The daylight was as flattering to him as the artificial kind and allowed Tony to see that the tips of his fingers resting on his book were strained with ink. “I’m aware that he’s—”
“Correct. Mr. Strucker, perhaps counsel should be advised that the Sheriff is not the defendant in this action,” Coulson said calmly, but Strucker had drawn himself up, clutching his breast pocket, looking livid.
“It’s damn bad luck years for democracy. What a Western campaign tour ... someone must’ve put a bounty on his head.”
“Hey, no harm done,” he said as he sheepishly gathered it back into neat loops. He brought two fingers to his brim in a salute. “I trust you to do the right thing, Sheriff. Good day, gentlemen.”
“Howard Stark used to be the richest man in America, being worth a hundred million when he died before war. If his son truly is alive, after two decades, the successor running the company has amassed the fortune to twice that.”
Then, skirting the Sheriff’s Office, familiar heelprints reappeared; now met by another line of feet, fairly close together and just as fresh. The incoming tracks separated soon but had come together from the direction of the forge.
A quick flash of a movement caught Tony’s eye: he tensed, there was a chink of glass and a soft brush of petals. Tony peeked over his raised shoulders, ready to shield himself: but there was nothing to defend.
“Raincheck?” muttered Tony. “Looks like I’m housebound for the foreseeable future.”
“Oh shit,” said Clint as he spotted what was wrong.
Somewhere outside, thunder rumbled. The next flash of lightning, closer and reverberating, lit several rows of dark-spined books. The two outlines flickered and came back. Tony edged between shelves, listening. Who were they? What did they need to hide? Had some unknown force drawn Tony to this moment, or had the meeting been arranged after his arrival, precisely because he was there? In which case, did they know who killed Ty? Again, he strained his ears, trying to put meaning into broken words, to cut syllables, but he could not hear anything there. All the same, luck was on the men’s side in the form of thunder: now as a rising noise, earlier as a black out.
“They need not hear of it,” stated Steve.
There was a silence after that. One, apparently, only awkward to Tony.
“They don’t build these the way they used to,” he said rather wistfully, gazing at it. “My grandfather used to be a banker. This was his, bought after his retirement. Its sister stood in the back room. Several times, someone broke in, took a couple dollars but was left a little unsatisfied. Little did they know, grandfather never trusted size, and kept the big money right here, under his watchful eye. As a kid, you had to admire the cunning…”
“I won’t leave,” said Natasha, arms crossed, “while this factory is still running.”
“The evidence is pretty thin. Nonexistent, I would even say,” Sam reasoned, forestalling any questions for further notice. “We’re working on a lot of assumptions here. A letter is no smoking gun.”
“You just sounded like someone who, too, thought the safest hands would be his own.”
“When did you have it commissioned?” he asked, buying time.
“I’m saying he could have gone on his own will before it came to that,” Bucky said. “He’s never been known for his skills at self-preservation.”
Fury was standing at the window, looking out at the town, his long, black coat in his arms.
It was like a cold shiver rocked Jarvis’ old frame at the sound of the name.
As it happens, Governor Stern was taken in custody for suspicion of corruption last week.”
There was no answer.
Lifted off his feet, the man crashed down onto the flight of steps.
But the rest of Bucky’s chatter, in a rather justifying tone, was drowned by his rising state of surprise as he identified the other rider right as they closed the intervening space. Next to the just-stirring thief, the horses came to a stop in a skid that sent dust and small pebbles everywhere.
Steve smiled hollowly.
Steve, who had readied himself to rising up, stopped cold.
“No, you didn’t,” he said. “You didn’t do that … you can’t have done…”
Tony got a sudden mental image of Jarvis mopping at his blood, and felt hilarity rise in his throat, born no doubt of the scotch he had consumed. A giggle escaped his lips.
Next, something worse carried to them: a giggle. It was the first time Steve had heard the voice in months; he had almost forgotten how inopportune it can be.
Dummy let out a huff.
Again, he was ignored.
In reply to this, Steve gave another unpracticed laugh that tugged at the muscles of his face painfully but, although his cheeks were beginning to ache, he was very much looking forward to training them for future use.
“Sam?” Steve said with meaningful nod towards Clint.
“Swear it,” Tony urged.
[2] It might take longer for the next bit ... but since you clicked on a story with a [2/?], you knew what you might be getting into, you brave, brave soul.
in the offing anyway. Rhodey rushed on, “Where’s your ride?”
When turned on his heels, Steve heard what he suspected to be a discreet victory dance; a shuffle that sounded like boots dancing against sandy ground; and he allowed Scott this moment of giddiness by not turning around to confirm it.
“Steve, our
Steve, frustrated at his own ineptitude, carded his fingers through his knotted hair. It was then that he was suddenly reminded of the presence of the ring. So, he thought while he gazed at it, not all things were lost. Swallowing painfully a cough that was about to break free, he thrust his hand in the wardrobe and threw on a new shirt.
“He hasn’t let go of that naïve … idealistic, eighteen-year-old little kid with a weak chest. Since we joined the war by Lincoln’s draft, since us enlisted were swept off by the recruitment parade outside the court-house to the sound of its drums, since we fought together, he’s been my priority.”
“Slipped out the door when I went to open it for Mr. Rhodes. It had been scratching at it ever since you came in last night. It’s a pet, sir. You walk them.”
Tony opened his eyes and looked out of the window, head lolling slightly as the train curved. The slowly-moving, snowy landscape reflected off his eyes.
“Ah, the man of the hour,” Tony said, as Jarvis pushed in, hands bearing a tray of ill-sorted cups. Tony could not help noticing he was not very taken by the disarray that had fallen over the house, given his disgruntled air over the misfit tea-things.
“Semantics. We’re married, it’s as good as consent—”
Steve squirmed, very much uncomfortable. Nearby, Tony bit off, hard, a large junk off his peppermint stick with an audible snap.
he thought.
Then, slowly, Tony lowered his hand.
“But, Rhodey-bear—”
[A/N]
“No dice, huh?” Tony said.
Scott waved this aside with a dismissive flick that sent his coiled lasso flying loose.
“Not you, bobby. The four-legged one.”
“What?” he croaked. “Oh … yeah … right.”
Pym’s idea, thankfully, seemed to be working: the Julesburg station house, which was packed with people on the lookout for today’s train, wasn’t sparing them a second look. Steve had stowed his old army jacket regretfully away into the bedroll strapped onto his saddlebags in favor of a more common look. Every now and then he would startle at not feeling his star pinned to his chest. The exception was Scott, who looked quite at home in his worn boots and jeans, and who, as Steve had observed with relief, could ride as well as any of them, if not better.
“So,” he spoke finally, “you’ve come to me for help.”
Tony could not look away. From the door, he heard Obie’s voice call, “Tony?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Maybe it’s best we leave you two to …
“Yes, Tony?” said Steve immediately.
“I thought seeing it would help,” said Tony, making valiant efforts not to sound argumentative. “I was not
“Good,” said Steve, mind racing.
“What’s this?” Steve asked.
“You’re a good man, Scott,” he said and, distantly, the sound of the chugging train was becoming louder. “But any man who travels with me calls me Steve.”
of your … your…”
Tony’s head whipped around at his voice; his eyes were wild.
“Right, you know what? I’m thinking this holiday is a bad idea.”
His mouth now full of pork, Clint’s eyes roved over them in turns.
, he said. I have no idea to whom or what there was to tell, but neither knew Stone, from the sound of it.”
Should we have a vote which it will be? Ha ha!
Tony grinned. “I thought I surprised you back there.”
… there was something funny there…
remembered to treat it every night?”
Clint opened his mouth, but—
“It’s a standard procedure.”
“Too depressed?”
Natasha had just bend to pick up her hat that had fallen during her flip. The motion exposed the large bun of hair tied up with a ribbon.
Numbly, Steve thrust forward the carton.
Steve gripped the wayward hands, locking his fingers around both wrists, and brought Tony’s hands to his lips and kissed them slowly.
“You mean a detective agency,” Steve asked, “like Pinkerton?”
“No,” said Bucky.
“If we prepare for him,” was Bucky’s constant justification, “we’ll get the information faster, and have Stane eating water and crackers quicker.”
His boots cut a track through the ash the flames had spit all over the room that—apart from the fire—was as it should be; there was the nest of tongs and hammers on the soot-blacked wall above the heart, unevenly cobbled floor, and the back room, where Tony had a bed, was glowing hot as a furnace; it was filled with orange-glowing smoke. Inside, the cabinet where Tony stored his prints and sketches was just a smoldering pile of embers in the middle of the darkest circle on the floor—a sign of the fire’s origin.
“Pierce. Alexander Pierce. It’s an honor to assist you,” the man introduced himself.
“The question was not targeted to the Chief Deputy, Mr. Barnes. Let’s restrict it to ‘trialed’ so we may have a manageable number.”
“Trouble with investigation?” he asked upon coming face to face with Steve.
“This is an outrage! Slander!”
“One at a time, please,” said Coulson loudly, yet gesturing calmly with his hand. “One at a time.”
“My boy,” rumbled Obie, and set the round cap back on the decanter, “I did not expect anyone to be up at this hour.”
“Wh—what is this…?” Steve stammered.
“What’s to come of this?” said Bucky. “What are they going to say to people? I imagine it’s going to be hard to shrug everything off as just an earthquake, given the amount of witnesses.”
“Imagine how many lives it would have saved!” cried Bucky, equally incensed. “Imagine if Lincoln had worn it.”
“Your sharp tongues haven’t dulled, then?” answered the same voice. “No matter. Let’s spread out!”
“Admirable character,” said Tony jauntily. “Who’s he?”
“Would you be so good,” Pierce gritted, “as to tie them up? I need to fetch the other three.”
Rogers’ expression revealed he had just realized he may have talked himself into a bag.
“Forced?”
A thin figure stirred on it and rolled its head onto other shoulder … eyes opening in a skull of a face, and then it smiled.
Steve scowled and took off his hat. He placed it over Tony, shielding his face from the others’ gazes. Beside Steve, Tony twitched again.
A vivid image of a smugly smiling Pym arranging a marriage for his daughter now that the rival was out of the picture flashed into Steve’s head. “I bet,” he said.
“You didn’t build your fence,” said Steve, hackles risen.
Tony had yet to lift his gaze from his hands.
Tony, who had just been lifting a plate, fumbled. The plate shattered on the wooden floorboards. Steve jumped up with a cry of, “Tony?”
With this, he leaned over the desk to hand over his copy of the safe key; Tony felt rather than saw every eye in the room chase its path into his arms.
“I have something to give you,” Tony said shortly; Steve recognized the hunted glance Tony shot at the world around them: he had not told, either.
Steve thundered past the houses, running the length of the main street and skidded to a halt in front of the burning building. It looked deceivingly calm up front, but from the cracks of the barn-like double doors, smoke was trickling out and billowing about the slanted roof. Steve took off his jacket and pressed it to his nose.
“He does tend to leave on impression,” she said, finally.
“You,” Steve said. “What you’ve created. It’s amazing.”
Just as Fury was observing warily the muscle jumping at Steve’s jaw, footsteps echoed down the hall through the door Steve had left ajar, thinking this would have been over quick. Striding through it, appeared Coulson, Sam and Bucky, the latter two dressed for a fight and carrying enough gear for a week-long trip.
Tony, though, was following his own train of thought.
Oh, what a time, what a time ... this virus really be taking so long that me, a marathon writer extraordinaire, manages to post not one but two (!!) fics before it is all over. Sigh.
Tony hardly slept that night. The murder had taken possession of him, and he could not rest while agitating thoughts whirled through his head: the empty house, Ty’s body, and its bloody wound.
Tony felt as though he had barely closed his eyes when he woke up to a crick on his neck, something sticky plastered to his cheek and to the sound of pages brushing against one another.
“See, Rogers, the problem,” he said at length, “is that I’m sure we’re going to reach a point where you start saying this sort of stuff just to be a prick and I feel like we’re nearly there.”
“I don’t speculate publicly,” Rogers said.
Scott’s easy smile dimmed. “Oh. Mr. Pym—”
be ringing your Sheriff-y sense. I want you to swear to me you won’t let him drag you into his madness, no matter what happens.”
“Look at that,” Sam made known to the others, out of sight back in the alley. At his call, Steve and Bucky came jogging to join him.
But Steve never found what he wasn’t going to do; Fury was interrupted by a resounding crash behind them on the street.
Steve’s work was, according to him, a difficult job that encompassed everything from regulations on the concealed carrying of weapons to keeping the occasional brawling wanted man in control (Steve remembered painfully clutching his pointy star at this point). Philips had then patted Steve’s shoulder in a rather fatherly manner and sent him to his right hand, Coulson, who would draft the required paperwork and background research.
“You know what, I will,” said Tony. “Remember who you’re talking to.” He turned to face the garage. “Happy!”
“You again,” Bruce sighed. Steve opened his eyes: Bruce looked harried, resigned. Steve mustered a tired smirk but broke into a coughing fit the likes of which he had not felt since his childhood. Thus, Steve was escorted into a nearby porch and there he looked up into Bruce’s pinched, grey face.
“No?”
“You shouldn’t encourage him,” he said in an undertone. “This could have been incredibly dangerous.”
“Steve,” Scott said, awed, and they shook hands.
“I’m sorry I’m not the man I once was,” said Steve, crouching by the bedside. “I’m sorry I’m late.”
Jarvis laboriously straightened as well, white at the lips and wiping his nose, quite dignified, on a handkerchief which he had fished from a pocket of his striped pants.
As the door hissed open, letting in a gust on cold air, they exchanged looks.
“’Suppose I should ask Bruce whether his surgical spirit repertory had experienced any shortfall as of late?” Steve said before he could bite his tongue.
Rainwater created a steady dripping sound in the background of Steve’s whittling. Wood shavings fell onto his feet after every rough scratch of his knife, turning dark in the muddy puddles pooling by his boots.
. Not about anything.”
“Tsk,” said Bruce, when the steaming cups had been laid to cool on the table, and he had gotten around to unwrapping the old bloody dressings. “It’s definitely going to scar now.”
Jarvis blinked. “You—you’re not familiar with this? Ah, well, I suppose it only haunts the partial.”
“What are we going this way for?” Steve asked as they passed the empty Sheriff’s Office.
“Ah,” said Fury, a little too casually, “I forgot to tell
Steve didn’t ask him how the man knew his name.
Tony felt the shock of both surprise and pleasure. The moment stretched out. Perhaps if he could keep Rogers in a good mood … perhaps if they got through enough of brandy without the head start Tony had had last night…
“Like what?”
All four of his closest friends had interrupted his solitude fifteen minutes in. The kindest explanation of this behavior would have been that they wanted to cheer him up and act as a buffer. Once he had unsuccessfully tried to get away and noticed none of them had helped themselves to any of the punch, however, Steve started to suspect them of a different motive. All talk seemed to exist only for the reason of keeping him away from the tableful of refreshments; a part of Steve was grateful.
With a thrill, he considered a new possibility. Poor riffling had been brought up on two separate occasions which were both directly connected to a tragedy. Was it likely that the assassination of Thaddeus Ross and the fires were related? If so, Steve felt that he was on the verge of something big: the implication that a singular power accountable for two kills could be responsible for their misery was headache-inducingly hard to wrap one’s head around. Now, however—
“Hello, old friend,” he sighed.
“You’re not a bad person, Tony,” Steve said firmly before Tony could ruminate himself into a deeper spiral of self-loathing. “Yes, meeting you was arranged but loving you was a choice. I don’t want someone ideologically pure. I just want
“Hang the inquest! It’s my turn to bury a son now — m-my poor boy—!”
Tony felt rather than saw Steve lean close as he, too, peered out of the suddenly very narrow window.
“Is this a toy, too, my boy?” he asked. “How can you look at yourself and deny that this is anything but the most powerful weapon the world has ever seen?”
“There’s enough Buffalo Bills to last for the next ten years,” said Bucky as another man dressed in a fringe-sleeved jacket breezed past. “The costumes are dull this year … there you go, look.”
“You know, I just can’t believe someone would survive all that,” Clint said, laid far back in his seat that was balanced on two legs, “and come out of it fine—even mentally so.”
make the Balloon Corps look like men with toys.”
“No, sir. Not today, either.”
Tony hissed, aggravated.
He turned a page.
… he was walking to the bed now, heard his boots creak…
“Are you still theorizing Tony was kidnapped?” Sam sighed.
Tony was trembling now.
By the fifth time Tony got his leg bruised by the knobby head of the gear, despite trying to take as little space as he could, he could not bear the silence any longer.
Only Steve was there, doodling in his booklet.
“Tell that to
But Tony’s heart was beating rather fast; he was sure that Rogers was right. Who, out of all with access to the house, could have tampered with the latch? But why, then, had they not
A large clock chimed, seen at the far end of the hall, counting the hours worked.
Stane, visible again, gestured to what was hidden within Tony’s clothes.
“But you did get out? To upstate New York.”
And yet … and yet … Tony walked restlessly to the sacks of flour and sat down on them, running a hand across his throat again. It wasn’t the isolation that bothered him; Tony was no stranger to solitude. He had been the only American in a boarding school once and been advanced beyond his age. That very same overshadowing had both gained and lost him several relationships along the years. He was used to exploitation and tricks; they were the unavoidable bedfellows of wealth and envy.
Steve looked down at the sketched illustration of the city hall and the surrounding square where it had happened. Something didn’t fit about the distances, thought Steve, and tried to find a chapter on the weapon used.
He urged his horses forward with a whip of his reins and a loud
There was a hush that had fallen over the square except for the creak of the cable car and several retreating footsteps as Bucky and Sam, who Steve saw as merely dark shapes among the blackness, lead last of the passengers to safety behind the visual protection of the cars. Tony, however, had finally come to a satisfactory conclusion in his head; Steve knew this, for a cold finger had slipped between his boot and his jeans, tapping on the warm, exposed skin it found there.
They twirled around.
“Move faster,” Steve said, but went back to his desk to retrieve another box of ammunition.
“Is that all, Mr. Stark?”
“It’s good to have you back, Tony,” Steve told him honestly.
“Steve, I—it’s not—”
“Stark,” Steve repeated.
Her hand flied to the bow, untying and retying it nervously with fluttering fingers.
“An unfortunate accident,” said Coulson. “Mostly blown up by hearsay.”
“I don’t like our odds,” Natasha muttered.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It ain’t up to you, though,” said Clint.
Still smiling, Coulson had dismissed Steve with a cheerful goodbye, and turned to his desk to finish some more papers piled there. Steve had stood outside his office afterwards, quite motionless, and swore he would never, as long as he worked there, become a disappointment in the face of such open admiration.
“How so?” Steve asked, aware that Bucky had straightened on his right side.
, had a reason behind it other than being discordant.
“I’ll sit at the head,” he claimed loudly, and the change of tracks into this new unflappable persona happened as if someone had used a railroad switch.
Steve had never hated a man more than as he stood there, having been double-crossed, looking upon the men who had been so taken by Stane, they had abandoned the life they knew. How could such a man create so much loyalty? For one teetering second, Steve couldn’t help but feel disappointed. Part of him had wished to allow them to be held captive, if only to get a few minutes with Stane. Steve would have been very happy indeed to get his hands on him … and why couldn’t he?
“Work?” he inquired from Rogers, chewing.
“Tony is my husband,” said Steve, “not a wanted man.”
Steve’s own home, when he at last reached it around seven o’clock, offered long-overdue relief. The house, with its slanted roof and an extension added two years previously to shield their chickens from the elements, was already lit with a warm glow. It was all a blur to Steve, however, who was yawning rather prominently, and by the time he opened the door, his eyes were watering so greatly he had to blink twice in order to take in what he was seeing.
“What’s curious?” asked Tony quickly.
“I housed him for a month or so,” Bruce continued. “Not every night, just sometimes. The walk is a bit shorted here.”
“But you don’t think this is your normal breaking and entering gig gone bad, do you?” said Tony, who hated to be this transparent, in a detached voice.
“A drink.”
Steve took a second swig to wet his throat.
“Actually, I haven’t been to bed yet,” Tony replied. “No rest for the wicked.”
“I was told you were in need of a ride,” panted Happy, as he reached them, hovering on the cusp of what seemed to be an impulsive hug. “There’s room for four.”
“I fish trout,” said Tony, inventing wildly.
Tony had just shuffled out of his jacket, chucking it on the bed, when a voice spoke.
“What of Stane? They say he’s dead…”
Fury’s grandfather clock chimed four times in the corner of the room while Steve wondered how Fury had known to take this matter up with Steve after his promise to Tony had become void, but now that conversation had been established, he had more pressing issues to address.
“There’s nothing to forgive. Look,” he said at Steve’s no doubt constipated expression, “let’s just agree to disagree, all right?”
He came to a halt — for a split second, he thought he was seeing a robber inspecting their loot under a table lamp — and then, he slung the blunt sword over his shoulder, clicked the switch on the wall, and said, “Burning the midnight oil, Obie?”
Where was the killer and what was he doing? Tony had caught sight of Barnes only twice during the past days. Rogers rarely appeared anymore, and Tony was sure Jarvis was right in thinking that Rogers was only leaving the station to collect statements from where they were readily given. Had there been enough new evidence to save Tony? Or had, as he feared they would, the killed while wearing the face of a witness spun the web of lies thicker, more elaborate, and harder for Tony to escape? Barnes had said the case was proceeding; Tony had felt comforted, bolstered; and now he felt slightly apprehensive.
the open window.
“Wish I knew who
The other man, Rumlow, couldn’t have been mistaken for a miner now: his brutish face was at odds dressed in a gentleman’s garb, though he had dispensed with the scarf, along with his scowl. In its place, was now a confident grin as he looked upon his captures.
“As you already know, there’s unrest in America,” said Fury as casually as if they were discussing the weather. “The Southern senators are getting tired of being blamed for the murder of another idealist. At this speed, these deaths will drive this country into a state of open warfare. This means, at its worst, another civil war.”
The heavy sound of the front-door bolt being drawn back echoed distantly through the hubbub floor below, then there was a single pair of footsteps thumping up onto the landing and an officer rounded the corner.
Breathing hard and fast, they looked around them. The hall was quickly vacating itself (and not least because of the scorching molten metal spill spreading over the floor) and around Steve, the others, too, were debating the hazard of more explosions in a very much flammable factory. Steve turned to the person next to him and asked a question.
“HALT!”
There was an essay full of tightly written medical lingo on the table next to their cups.
“What’re these black spots for?” Clint asked, following with his finger the dotted lines of numbered streets and alleys that were interrupted by many black, star-like marks.
Let's see how on time I'll be next week when we'll get to the REAL action. There might be another 10K+ chapter, depending how I want to break it up... ;)
“Good,” said Hammer Sr. with finality; he seemed as reluctant to catch Tony’s eyes as Tony was to catch his.
“It’s on the bedside desk,” Steve said.
Steve shared worried glances with everyone.
“Do they not have better things to talk about?” said Bucky hotly. “Tony
The scampering workers sucked them along like a tidal wave—and suddenly, many hands grabbed each other, and maneuvered one another into safety behind a four-thousand-pound cog. Steve looked up, expecting to see sagged walkways, but there was nothing there but the solid, Stane-less structure.
“A letter for the Yard,” offered Steve, apropos of nothing, as Tony made his entry known. “It’s never good when they’re involved.”
“Oh, for the love of—” Tony trailed off, slamming the wooden shutters closed with a
“You faking it is no excuse for how I acted,” Steve started hotly. “Bad memories or not I shouldn’t have pushed you like that—”
“But it’s just—”
“Hey, hey, hey.” It was Justin Hammer, who had just risen from an empire style settee. “What’s with the gatekeeping? Come on, Anthony, step in, step in. Grab another drink. The more the merrier, am I right?”
Now, both their attention turned to their captives. They seemed to be assessing them all, one by one. For a moment, nothing happened.
. Rumor had it serving on the battle fields for years had left him war-fatigued. And that the horrors surfaced in sudden bursts of uncontrollable anger, and an inability to handle stress. And that the color green could be somehow at fault of triggering those, hence why he was now here, surrounded by sand. But those were only rumors.
“So, the guy couldn’t handle being unimportant?” said Sam, disgusted. “Sounds like someone who doesn’t deserve to be.”
Thee quick, one long … a pause … one quick, one long again. All this went unbeknownst to Stane, who looked over at them less the further he backed, and the more confidence he gained.
“Don’t.” Tony clutched his wrinkled hands. “I
“Were you really afraid of me?” Tony blurted out.
“Or,” said Steve, as the obvious fact took hold, “it was
Grudgingly, Bucky released his hold. Strucker’s feet returned to the floor, half his body collapsing onto the table he had been hovered over.
“Feeling brave, even though there’s no daddy to scare me off?”
mind.”
“How’s it looking?” he asked anxiously.
That was hours ago. It only served to make Steve more uneasy. What if they were mistaken? Was Tony in the forge after all, beyond their help? If not, where had he gone? Not home. The saloons? Should he ask Natasha if Tony had taken a room there? Or, thought Steve, recalling Tony’s presence at dinner, would he more likely be housed at Thor’s?
Steve complied and the others follow, shooting glances at Steve, who heard a scuffle over by the door and knew that Bucky had been pushed to the wall by force.
“I don’t think I can drink this,” he confessed.
“Don’t feel bad about it,” Tony said hastily, stepping down from his physical high ground. “Look, I’m not the most open of all persons. That goes without saying, and I’m working on that. But I haven’t been entirely upfront with you, and I just want to …
Steve had to think for a moment before he realized what Tony was talking about.
“What a joker,” he said, throwing a look the elderly woman now clutching her wicker basket in a white-knuckled grip as if sharing a secret. “All bark, no bite, yeah.”
The spurs jingled as Clint, rather petulantly, set his boots back down, slouching low on his seat. Closing his weary eyes Steve allowed the relief of their progress to overcome him for a moment, tugging his hat lower and laid his head against the nook between the seat and the wall, and within the hour, the sloping ridge between Lodgepole and Crow Creek turned into a towering fortress in his dreams; jet black and forbidding.
Tony stared warily at the car. Mr. Stone was supposed to be in mourning — so what was he doing, sneaking around town, doing trivial tasks better suited to be done by the help? Tony watched closely as the car coasted level with him, then passed, the light filtering through the windows revealing the figure of a middle-aged man, staring resolutely at the road ahead…
Steve and Scott jogged back to the horses. The black, gleaming locomotive pulling up looked much taller from where Steve now stood than it had when he’d been glancing at its approach from afar. As tall as two of him, it came to a rest with a chest-rattling grinding of its horse-sized wheels.
“Did you destroy our floor in order to—never mind,” added Steve, realizing that Tony wasn’t listening.
Tony kneaded his throat with his knuckles; he winced — and, with a shock, found them at the end of the driveway. The undeviating wall of night had failed to convey the changing of scenery.
A dark-booted leg kicked his.
Steve was surprised he still had a voice. “Tony—”
Sam’s face broke into an indulging grin. “Oh, so that’s how it is?”
Then Tony paused; he looked like he wished to go back in time and unsay one, if not several, of his last sentences.
“I love you,” Tony said and shuffled closer.
From all of these things, Steve had drawn the conclusion that business was booming in the West Coast for Stane. This scant news made Steve wish for one more, this time incriminating, fact so badly it felt like a headache; yet it also reminded him of the lack of progress made on the case of the arsons. Indeed, as the driver shared little anecdotes of life outside, Steve for a mad moment entertained himself with the thought of what would happen if he surrendered to the fatigue: to drop his mask, and to catch a breath, and to have other people in charge seemed all but irresistible at that moment. But then he remembered that it would be a cruel thing to do for the people who trusted him, and who looked up to him in trying times such as this. Indeed, this point was inadvertently emphasized by the townsmen who slipped leading questions about their progress into daily conversation.
—to get a warrant on his ass, and that’s it. Wrapped, done, finished. Which do you think he is…?”
“Indeed,” said Sharon. “And slighted three ladies while in there.”
Tony opened his mouth, but Rogers beat him to it.
had the night shift,” Steve said as he ducked past Bucky’s mutinously set shoulders. “No offense but you look terrible. I’m fine. I’ll go to the Sheriff’s Office, you catch some sleep.”
“Tony!” he cried. “Tony!”
Steve looked around. Happy Hogan was hurrying past the lingering people. Beyond him, far across the grounds, Steve could see Ms. Pym chase a little girl hurtling through the crowds at full speed.
He turned away from the window and his gaze fell upon another sorry sight, hung on the wall: a decade-old portrait of his father wearing a smart pin-striped suit. An ornate cross-shaped medal for special services in the Great War was pinned to his lapel.
“Don’t,” Natasha said, “I made you to.”
“Right,” said Steve, who felt confused and reassured at the same time.
“No, no,” Tony wagged a finger at him, “you brought it up. Which bit?”
“Thaddeus Ross,” said Steve.
It was not as though he was unprepared, thought Steve, as he watched the panels of the wall, and an especially colorful painted horse galloping through what looked like a poppy field; he had had in inkling of this while on his walk yesterday. But he was not sure how he felt about it … he and Tony were too upset to look at each other, let alone talk to each other; what if this became too much to bear? Could their friendships survive it? Steve barely remembered the years when the seven of them had not been so close; he did not enjoy the thought of needing to bridge the distances between them twice. And then, what it Tony left? What if he returned back East and changed his name back to Potts, and it became excruciating to be in the others’ presence, so that the group split for good?
“You’re right,” Bucky said. “Fifty miles is too long to keep up a pace like that.”
She slid onto the heavy lid. Tony, over the top of his lenses, traced the trail of a cinched, belted waist, a scarf, and red lips to inquisitive brown eyes. Though the temples on either side were subtly greying, the picture of a woman in breeches, a knee-length tunic and a green loden armlet bearing a red felt crown of national service, was not far off.
“Quite, sir. What was I thinking?”
Steve’s vision blurred and stung. Therefore, the moment the pitch began anew took him by surprise. In just the same fashion it rose to an unbearable peak and then erupted with a tremendous hiss. The doors were blasted open.
Steve acknowledged they had all been extremely lucky: Sam had been clipped by a shot across his back that nicked one shoulder blade; Scott had also been grazed by a bullet; Natasha’s worst injury was a buckshot that had shred three holes through her hat’s crown. The worst of them, discounting Tony, remained Bucky, who, rather airily, proclaimed he finally had something show off to the ladies back in town, should they finally warm up to him. Cheered by this visible recovery, Steve felt he would not be missed and sat up, brushing at his creased pants.
“What?”
“STARK!”
He handed Fury back the ‘report’ that they were supposed to be discussing, which was merely a copy of the new bridge’s costs in the meticulous handwriting of Ms. Hill. Fury accepted it with a rather unnerving return to his earlier casualness as he watched Steve make his way back to the meeting.
“Ah,” said Murdoc, hesitating — then he spoke, quietly: “Mr. Stark made a habit of tweaking it once a year according to whichever relation had recently raised his ire.”
But still we won't be beaten,
“… can’t afford mistakes, because if Stane—”
“Trespassing is,” said Tony, matter of fact. “Get off my land.”
No one had raised a fist: there was only Rhodey, standing there with a lily held courteously in his hand, looking down at the engraved name of Tony’s father on the flat rock. His eyes were no longer disappointed, but their normal brown; they were also wet.
Tony didn’t like the idea of Rhodey knowing that he, Tony Stark, was getting jumpy about a little conflict. Rhodey would fuss worse than Jarvis, and he didn’t want his visit punctuated with anxious inquiries about his bruises.
there — I swear there is something.”
“Technically, it’s not an explosive—"
“You wore an explosive on your body—"
“Hey, don’t you have work today?” asked Tony, frowning at Steve. There was a cup of coffee in his hands and his curls were only mildly flattened by the weather.
Steve’s eyes were puffy as he dipped the blade   into the pail of well water.
Steve, who had never heard Clint stutter, found a fear surfacing in himself—of power-rushed men, the great rumble of war and fields of bodies.
If Stane decided Tony was not going to crack…
“You don’t?” Steve said, concealing with difficulty the rush of relief he felt at her words.
“Steve!”
And soon they came back, a heavily breathing man in tow, who let out a hoarse wail at the sight of Hammer spread out on the floor, stumbling unsteady steps further into the room.
Tony was about to answer, but they were interrupted — Jarvis was hovering patiently nearby.
“Don’t get me wrong, he’ll have sold it at an appallingly cheap a price, and is bound to feel as stupid as he really is once he realizes the true value. I think, as a lesson on humiliation, it is enough.”
“So, there’s no need to beat around the bush. Ask what you need, and I’ll see which I feel fit to answer.”
Clint was slouching on a leather chair beside Fury’s feet. Wearing clothing appropriate for a mission, with his precision rifle leaning on the armrest, he lifted a lazy hand in acknowledgment and smirked saucily at Steve.
“Uh-huh.”
who had changed?
“Ah,” he heard Rhodey say, as though in the light of a gratifying revelation.
Steve choked. Emerging from his crouched coughing, wet-eyed and sore-throated, he saw something calculated to save him: Happy’s carriage behind the stationhouse.
The last was said in a reluctant rush as though he had wished to taste to words a little longer on their way out. Under Hammer’s half-frustrated, half-affronted gaze, Tony felt that small prickle of alarm in his spine grow into a sense of foreboding. It did strike a memory; he had heard it from Obie’s mouth. Now, hearing the name again, he rather wished SS France would take a detour, preferably around Greenland, to stall Obie’s no doubt stormy arrival…
Soon, in front of a nameless plaque, Pierce stopped and took out his keys again. Then the door swung open, and Steve’s relief vanished: only one man was in the unfurnished room, standing as though anticipating their arrival, and in the illumination of the sole window, you could just make out the scar that stretched from his brow to his hairline.
Steve deflated, and slid down the chair now that what felt like tons of weight had slid off his shoulders. Natasha hesitated, but picked up his empty glass and, rounding the bar counter, came to rest her hand on the top of Steve’s head in a startlingly maternal, un-Natasha-like gesture. He closed his eyes at the touch, though, and hated himself for wishing it was Tony in her stead.
“Impossible? Current evidence seems to be to the contrary, wouldn’t you say?”
So that was where Tony had been … tucked away in this dim, remote closet of a space. Had he really preferred it to their house? Had he simply been too ashamed to face Steve or had he, like Steve, wanted to pretend just a little longer?
Inspector Rogers’ head shot up. As he righted himself, his shoulders swayed as though he had taken a bracing inhale in the face of Tony’s free-spoken approach.
because of where he is! He’s a thousand miles from here. Inside the surely most armed factory in the country. They make war their business, they’ll recognize you before you get past the lobby. What are you gonna do when they start shooting at you?”
“Attempt at reaching behind the top edge that’s been most unadvisedly tipped out from the wall?” suggested Tony. “I should have a stool.”
“It is not always that one gets asked about their previous places of employment,” Jarvis mused quietly. “Us little people tend to be forgotten about, even by our own masters. I was one of the lucky ones—under Mr. Howard Stark’s roof,” he added, in answer to their questioning looks. “One of the best men. Bright, very bright. He used to tell me I should think of him before divulging any trade secrets. I rather think he was jesting.”
“Me, too,” said Steve, walking back to Sam. Here, the beam of light travelled from wall to wall, illuminating the ceiling. And then it fell upon a bulb-less lamp.
“You killed my parents,” Tony was hissing hostilely.
“That’s your sole source?” asked Tony.
“No,” Rogers said reasonably. “Have you made a Will?”
“I’ve got it, boss,” he dismissed breathlessly.
Whether the alcohol had naturally run its course through his system, or Steve’s state of infuriation had burned it up, the party seemed much less exiting to enter the second time around. By the time the raffles started, the room bathed in the golden light of the hanging oil chandeliers was something Steve very much wished to escape from. As he could not leave, however, he stayed back; head bowed, and arms crossed in the corner of the room with a permanent scowl now fixed onto his face as Clint recounted all he had overheard.
“Do you know what that means, too?” Bucky asked Steve, who shrugged.
“And which of the sorry men have I to congratulate on the design?”
He shifted on upon the bed and winced.
“What do you plan to do?” Bucky insisted. “Walk to San Francisco?
Tony tapped the man on the shoulder, startling him.
“It’d love to sit and chat,” Tony said quickly, emptying his mug and pulling his jacket around his shoulders.  “But work waits for no man. Hey, thanks for the coffee and compassion, Varangian.”
“What’s in it?” he asked, clearly battling with his curiosity.
Mr. Stone walked slowly around Obie to come to a stop next to Tony, looking down at Hammer’s unconscious form. Obie’s voice seemed to echo as if coming through a significant distance — instead of merely ten feet.
“Found about that, too, huh? The news that the war had ended reached me quickly. I sensed a chance. That’s when I waned myself from the drink. Eventually, I could go days without needing it. I stated to plan. The day Lincoln was killed was not the plan but that’s why it worked so perfectly. Between the stocks dropping and people mourning, no one quite had a hold of things—or me. So I just … walked out of there and—” he paused “—disappeared.”
Steve felt a headache about to start behind his eyes. “In English?”
Steve threw a look at Sam.
Steve didn’t answer directly. Instead, he said, “I was young. We all go sometime.”
“I know.”
“Looking for company for your dreary colonial evening, Anthony?” a voice leered. “Sadly, we all recall that the last piece of entertainment never made it back.”
, understood boredom: it wasn’t idle; it was frustration, powerlessness, want to do more with no means to do it. No wonder it had driven Tony away.
“Something crazy,” he said. “We’re going to do something your way.”
“Not if someone is blackmailing him to do it.”
He heard a door close and a moment later the formal-clothed form of his butler had climbed down the blue-carpeted staircase into the hall, bearing a duster and a reproving expression.
When he finally got enough air to squeeze the word out, they appeared in such a quiet voice that Tony could have pretended not to hear them over the sound of rain lashing against the windows. He didn’t. Tony held his eye contact firmly, eyes illuminated by the grey day, and nodded.
And when he slapped some more paper onto the already full desk, he made sure to hit Clint’s foot.
“If he minds, tell him to take it up with me,” said Steve, and walked to the door. Here, Bucky stopped him.
A flurry of exclamations rose from the hall they had left behind where, judging from the shouts, they had just been told the town hadn’t got the money to build a modern steel bridge, and wouldn’t receive any help from near towns.
“Sitwell transferred,” said Rumlow, who straightened his stiff waistcoat. “I got promoted.”
“Here to hear me confess my sins?” Tony asked, shooting a glance at Steve. “I already did. You just missed Father Fury.”
“It is, sir, though I am at your service,” replied Jarvis indulgently.
Finally, she seemed to pause for breath, and Steve, who had stiffened at the mention of Tony, got a word in.
Steve bolted upright on the bed. Blindly throwing on clothes over his linen nightshirt, he pinpointed the noise to the river nearby, and soon was sprinting towards it, gun at the ready. He hurtled around the last building between him and the water, and there he saw his bullets were for naught; he couldn’t shoot his way out of this one.
. Not once you’re done blowing up your progress.”
On Steve’s right, though, he had just caught a glimpse of a framed paper with an eagled logo when someone cleared their throat.
Tony flushed.
Steve turned to look at Natasha, who had not spoken in the past ten minutes. She was standing next to the window with her hip cocked, observing the three of them silently. Catching Steve’s eye, she nudged her chin toward the window.
Rogers’ eyes were already following the trail backwards, calm-eyed. “Where does the path end?”
“Sorry,” he said with a sheepish grin, “I got sidetracked there—what I meant is, it’s an honor, boss—er, sir—Mr. Sheriff.”
“Right.”
“It gets lighter at the ends,” he heard Tony mutter against his neck, and wished there was a reflective surface available to catch his expression. “Did you know?”
“No kidding…? Man, that must be noisy.”
Steve, having been left to bear all his weight, raised his brows as he let go of Rumlow, who fell to the floor with a thump.
For Tony had startled awake. The hat toppled off, revealing a wide-eyed Tony, cold sweat on his forehead.
“Can I have a list?” Rogers asked. “Guests … caters…?”
“Yes,” confirmed Jarvis. “Is he badly hurt?”
“Are you doubting my word,” said a man, a livid red flush on his face, walking backwards from the open gate.
“Exactly.”
, though?”
[1] I did promise Friday, right? Split the chapter, though, 'cause it would have been 8K+ but you're getting the rest next week, same day, while I finish polishing ch. 6 into something presentable
“As soon as your taillights disappear behind the tree line, I’ll go straight to bed, honest to God.”
“Yeah?” said Rogers, and there was no trace of outrage, deserved or otherwise, on his face now. “I’m sure you could have dissembled it to scrap faster than the Constables sent to retrieve the weapons could park.”
Outside, Roger’s car stood in wait; the pressed leather of Tony’s oxfords soaked on a black, invisible puddle while he was busy holding his ruined tuxedo overhead in some parody of umbrella. He couldn’t stop looking at Rogers. He had a hundred questions. Why was he alone? What now? Charges? How bad would his judgement be once the car door slammed shut behind them? Was he angry?
As Rhodey fired up, starting to pace, Tony thought of Steve, of Steve surrounding himself with the paltry necessities of a working-class man and living in them like an ascetic. It was beyond Tony why anyone thought they were fucking; no one who knew Steve would think of him as the amorous sort. Tony looked across at Steve. As he watched, Steve scratched the back of his head with a fountain pen. This disrupted his carefully combed down hair, causing it to stick up as though someone had run their hand through it, or gripped it, hard.
Nothing happened.
At his son’s side, Hammer Sr.’s legs buckled as though he was about to kneel, but then stilled, as his eyes had only now zeroed in on Tony, frozen by the shelves.
“Not when I’m the only one skilled enough to do these things. I feel—I feel this is what I was meant to do—there’s things that just need to be done. What I need is to build a suit of armor around us.”
The dark car moved slowly — too slowly, for merely trying to gain momentum and get the engine to warm up. It seemed as though it was reluctant to pass Tony, frozen at the pavement, for he had recognized the model … it belonged to Ty’s father.
he have it in the first place?
“It wasn’t easy, guiding you into the things I wanted you to do and away from the things that you truly were interested in. I had to hold you owing me your life over you far too many times for my liking. The border would have been very suspicious if our designs drastically changed. As long as I could chalk it up to the change in leadership, all would be well. And so, in silence, I could groom you into my very best weapon … if only you had not gotten away, this would have been mine sooner…”
Fury exclaimed, mimicking Steve in turning the letter around and around but no further text appeared. “Damn it! Just because he’s got the brains doesn’t make it open season on my shit. Light-fingered, pilfering motherfuc—”
“Thanks.”
Rogers looked up in surprise.
“Punk,” Bucky fired back but crossed the carpet to flung one arm over Steve’s shoulders.
The rapid changes in direction left Steve reeling. “Okay?”
“You still love him,” Jarvis said.
They stared at each other. There had been something else than an apology in Tony’s eyes, and Steve was overcome by the fear what Tony would use as excuses to spare him.
“I don’t know,” Clint said. “But we’d better get those words quick before we have to bury him.”
“He slept at my place, you know,” he said. At Steve’s bewildered stare, he added, “Tony.”
“Would you not accept if I was?”
“And what?” insisted Tony. “You’d wait until I snapped out of it on my own? What if I didn’t?”
He sounded a little morbid, and perhaps realized it, for he smiled more warmly as he went on, “I am not complaining; it is a fact that I can only hope to see the man he has become.”
The manor was slightly smaller than Tony’s, though whatever it lacked in space, it made up with the furnishing. Whereas Starks sought to advertise their keeping up with the times, the Hammer clan strived to emphasize the opposite. The royal colours of gold and red were everywhere, draping the Chippendale furniture, the walls, the windows. It all almost seemed
“It looks ready,” said Clint. “What’s it doing in here?”
“Hm? Oh, the police, yes,” said Tony. “Uh, Rogers nearly makes up for that discrepancy himself.”
Obie hesitated — but recognized the dismissal. He lifted up both his hands in a placating gesture, eyeing Tony in somewhat calculating fashion, before saying, “Hurry back home, all right? You’re looking peaky … are you sure you slept this morning? Go to bed, I’ll handle this.”
“Heroes are out of fashion, don’t you think,” said Stane as he observed the wreckage with blank and pitiless eyes, equally uncaring of the barrel pointed at him. “In this new age of war, there is no place for the lone gunslinger.”
“It was great. We should do that again. Be together. Just the two of us.”
Tony blinked at the high ceiling, no doubt confused about his whereabouts and blinded by the sudden harsh whiteness of the room. His chest was raising under the covers a bit faster. His hand went to his throat, grabbing only air.
Then he wished he had not divulged the last bit.
Lost in thought, Steve had just enough time to move into the shadows of a recess when he heard several approaching footsteps. Hidden, hands splayed in a warning not to move, they listened to the footfalls closing in. If they had already been found, Steve did not want to end up regretting his decision of choosing Natasha’s unobtrusiveness over teamwork.
“So you’ll feel obliged to stay longer.”
“Is everyone all right?”
“Hey, Peter,” called Clint. “Need help?”
“Who?” asked Steve, looking around the car, expecting to find someone other than the six of them.
“Yes, just about to wrap up here. And you are dirty. Seriously, what did you do, fought old Dusty and lost?”
As Jarvis set the tray on the desk, Tony sensed Rogers stealing looks at him, which both thrilled and unnerved Tony. He lifted his eyes to Roger’s. This was a mistake; they gazed at each other as the atmosphere, already tense, became stifling.
“Thanks!”
Gunsmoke billowed thickly in the air when the firing ceased.
“I knew that,” said Tony, satisfied. “The lady in red, right? She’s your informant.”
“You shouldn’t smoke so much,” Tony found himself saying.
wasted.”
Steve woke up at half past one on Tuesday morning. He hadn’t dreamt of Tony—as far as he remembered—but as he opened his eyes in the wainscoted box of their bedroom, Steve was thinking of him all the same. There had to be something more. There had to be a way to make this whole story fit together. Anything, but Tony growing bored of him, which was plainly the conclusion Tony had wanted Steve to reach. Steve didn’t want to think it; the thought made him feel sixteen and invisible again.
“Did I?” Tony’s voice still held that hysteric note. “I suppose so. I hated both of you, but I won’t forgive you for the murder of my mama.”
“I know what you meant,” said Rogers.
It was also full of men.
“As I recall, he became wealthy in the gold rush of 1849. I rather think he later came to regret being so frank about his origins in the thrill of making friends in what some call the higher society. He was an orphan—cholera, I presume. He could have used motherly influence, though. He was ruthless—a good business sense—but ruthless. Money just found its way to him.”
“Oh, don’t look so spooked, I just wanted to congratulate you on handling the problem with the miners with such discretion,” she said. “I haven’t seen them in days.”
“Your untamed tongue is sharp enough,” gritted Stern, lips almost motionless.
“I tell you it’s not what you imagine. It does not concern you or your son in the slightest.”
“So, what? Stane’s on threat watch just because of a letter?” asked Sam, sounding highly skeptical. “And guesswork?”
BEHIND THE SCENES
“I didn’t know you were pals,” said Bucky.
said Tony.
He doubled back, a hand brushing across walls to guide him in his hurry.
Tony blinked. “Fashion statement.”
to have happened…
But then, when Tony opened the door, ready to tiptoe upstairs past Jarvis, Rogers shut the door after him, leaving the two of them standing in the dim entry, alone.
Bucky blocked the office’s door again with his body.
“The explosion was—not scaled. It tore through everything. The carriage shaft was found a hundred-and-fifty feet from the site of the accident. It had pierced trough the two walls of the carriage. There—there was blood on it. No one could tell whose—”
“Think of Tiberius Stone coming here, alive, expecting to see you, yet all he got in return was to bleed out on a hard floor, cold, and alone, and here you are, handling the loss of a life like he was a
“If you have stopped killing off my cattle, yes, I will. There are ears everywhere on your way to west. Hence, you will pretend to be my cowhands acting on my behalf to check the condition of some cattle I’m going to buy from a man in Sacramento.”
Jarvis, carrying a tray of sandwiches, breezed in, and spoke, “A pleasure to finally see you sleeping, sir.”
He shook his head and at the next possible turn. dived left with Scott on his heels. Keen to cover as much ground as possible, Steve sent Natasha to scout a shady valley right before their street faced a dead end
He touched Steve’s chest in awe, and Steve wondered how many more Pyms were going to take liberties as Scott’s eyes followed the shape of him. Then Scott seemed to shake himself out of it.
“No,” said Clint, whose breath misted the air in front of him. “For an outlaw, this one is unnaturally dull.”
“Not to, I’m afraid,” said Stane, cocking his gun.
“Ah,” said Sam gently from Steve’s right side. “How did it happen?”
“Tuberculosis,” Rogers said, in that same quiet voice. “She was a nurse.”
“Jury’s out,” reminded Tony, eyes unseeingly locked on the guests.
“A state-of-the-art carbon-filament bulb,” Tony explained. “You’re welcome. It runs on a hydro-pneumatic accumulator, which I put under the flooring.”
Someone tugged at Hammer Sr.’s elbow, but the livid old man did not back down: face red from both strain and anger, even his carefully arranged toupee had become crooked as his meaty fist curled tighter and tighter.
“It wouldn’t have made a difference,” Steve finished.
“I could shoot it,” offered Clint at her side. “This place has too many goddamn doors. It will be therapeutic.”
Catching sight of his forlorn reflection, Steve made to turn away from the glass but froze, his heart leaping. Right across the courtyard Stane’s office was facing, stood the furthest wing of the factory. Its chimneys spewed smoke, there were lights on, yet, as Steve continued his silent observing, no one went in or out. There should have been hundreds of workers in a hall of that size. Surely one of them had to leave or return some time…
“Well, ain’t you a sight for sore eyes,” Natasha’s voice greeted him from behind it, a distinct purr in her low voice. She was smiling at him crookedly. “What brings you here?”
“That was originally the last mayor’s idea, you know,” said Bucky, who along with Steve, had been here the longest. “During his last days in office, he sought to build a fence on the south border. I see the idea did not die when he left.”
“If we can’t get a warrant—” he said.
“How, er, how’s Tony?” asked Sam coaxingly.
“No!”
“You’ve changed,” he said weakly.
“Get some sleep while you can,” he murmured quietly. “Don’t want to let things like guilt keep you up.”
“It’s t-too late. It’s not enough. What—what took you so lo-long—?”
“Hope!” hissed Scott, scandalized. “You know who
“Why the hell not?” Steve grinned. “I’m the Sheriff.”
Although flat, it rather resembled the bulb on their ceiling: pale, pinkish light glowed within its glass and lit Stane’s sharp features. The triumph on his face chilled Steve to the core.
Clint’s chair thumped back onto all fours, and Sam turned to stare at Steve in turn.
“… the last one hasn’t even been released for burial from the post-mortem!”
“Obadiah Stane,” said Steve. “you’re hereby under arrest for treason against this country…”
They walked past the drawing room door, still sealed shut but not undisturbed — though Tony was not going to divulge this fact. He showed Steve through the dining room and sat him down on a seat in the smoking room. It was the smallest room downstairs and Tony, suddenly conscious of the intimacy of the setting, started to regret not having this talk out in the hall for all to hear.
“Oh,” said Tony, waiving a dismissive hand in the air, “I could have picked the lock, but you warned me to be on my best behaviour.”
Tony’s step faltered with a sudden, high-pitched squeak of rubber sole against lacquer. The men inside the room quieted. Soon, their footsteps neared the door, and it opened before Tony, revealing two men in shawl-collared tuxedos. At the sight of Tony, Stone’s square face closed off and became as hard as his namesake. The other man’s puffy face twisted into an unquestionable sneer.
“Where are you taking me?” he asked hoarsely.
“What’s happened?” Steve asked apprehensively, draping his dusty jacket over his chair just when Clint threw the newspaper on top of Steve’s scattered papers. Steve drew up his chair and picked up the newsprint.
“Well, it’s just the two of us again,” said Tony, hands tucked in his pockets — but before the last words had left his lips, Everhart entered, leaving Tony to shoot her a reflexive glare.
“Take it,” he said quietly.
“Did you know I was born prematurely?” he rallied on. “Personally, I think that set the tone for the rest of my life, thrust into new situations unprepared.”
“There you are,” he said breathlessly. “Have you heard? We found one!”
“Would they have gotten in without damaging it?”
he asked, flummoxed.
“Brave words of a man covering behind a corner like it’s your mommy’s skirts,” yelled Bucky.
“Excuse me?” said Rogers.
Pierce looked over his shoulder; the two men stared at each other.
A muffled reply was heard from amidst the puffs for breath.
“Where’s this from,” Steve asked, displaying the lone page.
“Bottom left. I wanted you to have a look at the wound in the coroner’s report.”
A grin tugged at the corners of Tony’s mouth. “That’s your reasoning? Was he snuffed by Jarvis?”
“Steve, your country needs you,” Natasha said.
“Ah, seems like a full house tonight,” said Fury, as the heavy packs hit the floor. And then addressed Coulson: “Did you bring it?”
Bucky straightened his casual slouch rather suddenly.
Ms. Althea was sorely disappointed in this reception of her confidences because, when she continued, there was a defensive, patronizing air to her presence.
He had the distinct impression of a bullet emerge from the cylinder of the revolver, fly towards his chest … piercing his jacket … he felt as though a fist had hit his middlemost rib. And only then did he hear the shot.
To his horror, after climbing from a long sunlit stretch into third misty peak, the train slowed to a jerky crawl and stopped completely with a whining lurch. Around the compartment people craned their becks to look around. Moments later, a man came from another cart through the door at the front. Straining their ears, they caught a word here and there.
“What’s this?” Tony asked as he placed the plates down and picked up the paper.
The last thing Steve saw of Tony was his parting look before he took off through the open maintenance door. At his leave, Bucky threw up his hands.
Had the letter this sketch was for ever been sent … or perhaps that, too, would be found in a dark corner somewhere, collecting dust … it unlikely was about work; there Howard had no regrets …
“Steve, you haven’t been practicing on Third Street, have you?”
Bucky:go and apologize
“Do you remember anything, anything at all about him?” said Steve, subconsciously leaning forward.
Liked it? Loved it? Then tell me your thoughts below!
They rode off, raising the dust anew. Steve stared after them where, above their heads and the tan earth and scrub, rainclouds lingered over the white-capped mountain range north to the town. Hopefully, some could be spared for them; Steve was tired of feeling sand grind between his teeth. Irritated, he dusted off his jacket with several strong hits from his hat.
The driver, irritated by the delay and eager to catch up on lost time, was rather brusque with him as Steve engaged him into a conversation, while running level with the driver’s seat.
“Well, it isn’t too bad, considering,” Bucky said. “No one lives on a bridge. I say this is done by someone who thought it would be quite the joke to see—
“Yes, and taken all his possessions with him,”
“I fear poor Mr. Jarvis will wear himself thin in an attempt to side-track him … a devoted man, Jarvis, a very devoted man…” She faltered and the colour of her cheeks, always pinked by the Victorian kitchen range, deepened as she defended, “I am asking this not as a cook but a woman; can you do something to ease his mind? I suppose he won’t stop otherwise. He’s so very taken in with you, treats you as if you were his own flesh and — oh, goodness sake! The
Steve had just run up the theater’s stairs for high ground, when a dark figure hurtled out before his eyes from the intersecting alley.
“That was a confidential conversation,” said Happy, sounding slightly upset. “I felt mean just voicing it—blimey!”
“She’s out of your league,” said Sam. “Anyway, see that dent the guy made on the street once I knocked him down? I could show you the bruise on his face.”
And I can't promise it will be the last.
time we took a good look into these miners and forgot Fury’s mission for a while.”
“Remember that time Pym called Tony a second-rate engineer?” Bucky said. “Is this a payback? They were just moving cattle to higher ground. They couldn’t have told you some were missing. It’s a big fuss given the sheer volume of animals you need to transfer from one place to another. There’s obviously been a small theft they’ve just noticed during their fall inspection—”
At the back, Sam and Bucky swung shut the ironwork with an echoing
They were blocking the doorway; Tony realized this as an elderly lady hovered by the register, wary of passing the two of them at the mouth of the entry.
“Well, obviously, Obie was very prominently there, commanding space as he always does …
“We didn’t exactly share a social class,” Steve said dryly, and started to skim until he reached right column. Here, Steve’s eyes flied over the words: a short listing the injuries the body had sustained, including the description of the fatal wound, found during the autopsy of the deceased.
Steve scowled. “You don’t have to.”
“You don’t say,” said Tony, flat incredulity in his voice, and he sidestepped the men impatiently.
A ferry’s horn sounded heavily out in the shallower water, but they couldn’t see its source. Noon had turned to afternoon when they descended the hill.
A noise met his ears and broke the inert, slumbering quality of the house. It might have been just the whistle of wind through a crack in the boards or the cluck of his chickens. But then—
Tony had asked it in an attempt to turn the question back on Rogers. Why not? Rogers didn’t look uncomfortable: the shape of him was still easy and mellow. His soft lips, so often drawn into a hard line that suppressed their sensuality, were twisted into a rather self-satisfied smile as he looked down at his hands.
He was looking at Tony’s guarded stance. This was a bad joke. It had to be.
Steve cast a glance at Fury’s desk, where there were several thick sheaves of paper bound by leather bands drowning all of Fury’s carefully laid out, town-related projects.
“Maybe,” said Steve, but not with much faith, because he could feel a rising rush on anger towards Stane. It was Stane, Steve thought, staring down at the unconscious men, it all came back to Stane … he was the one who orchestrated all this, who had ruined their town’s economy…
Steve stopped struggling.
empathize with not having got the guts to face your father—”
“So, you’re going to, what? Check the engine, replace a couple seals? Sure, pop the hood, go right ahead.”
“We—we have a lead?” asked Steve, hardly able to stop the hope swelling inside his chest like a balloon.
“I know. No, seriously, man, I may not be a decorated war hero like you and your company, but there’s good and there’s evil. I want to be a part of the good.” He gestured at the tracks heading westward. “This is the road to my happy ever after. Isn’t yours?”
They went through a silent war of wills. Steve’s won.
“Are they all quite so airheaded?” remarked Rhodey as they had trundled up the stairs at hovered by the mouth of Rhodey’s room. “You’d think it’s all a plot of some radio drama.”
“Well, I suspect he suspected. He had a lot of questions after he took that close up look at the papers in my safe. He would’ve made a decent spy.” There was something in his voice that sounded almost
“Shouldn’t you be in school?” inquired Clint, who had laid his rifle down atop the flour and was now digging through his pockets. “Here, have a candy and go before Sharon rips me a new one.”
“Everyone knows the household routine. It’s been the same for thirty years now. Jarvis is pedantic like that.”
“Where are we?” he asked, clearing his throat.
said Tony loudly. Quieter, he insisted, “I’m fine,”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m afraid that’s impossible,” said Sam in a mollifying tone. “That is, we don’t know where he is.”
“Three weeks,” conceded Steve, “at most.”
“Steve Rogers,” Steve answered in kind, and noted no change in the man’s face at the reveal of his identity. Steve’s appreciation of him grew. “We have got a few questions we would like you to answer in private.” Steve turned to Happy, who was hovering behind the man with his hand held out as though wishing to escort him. “There’s no need for you to accompany us further, Happy. Thank you.”
“What is it?” Bucky asked.
“Talk,” Steve ordered.
Tony let out a laugh that was somewhat unhinged. “Like that would keep you out. I had a plan and you—you know what, you lack all finesse. Should’ve known you’d just bust your way here singing
for this—”
With his very being, Steve wished he could return to that moment again, when Tony had longed to go for a trip. Would things be different if he had agreed? If he hadn’t preferred work over pleasure, would he still have Tony?
“A ghost wrote this, then?” Bruce asked, and from below two issues of
“Anyway,” continued Clint, “Bucky said the kid reminds him of you, which, technically, would make you a big fat hypocrite.”
There was a silence as Jarvis digested the flood of questions.
Steve feigned ignorance which irritated Tony; he had always had little patience for willful stupidity.
Tony’s shoulders relaxed; Steve rose from his seat.
“I’ve had my
“Yeah, but … if he had unsuccessfully wanted Tony dead twenty years ago, why haven’t we just found his body—sorry,” Sam added at Steve’s expression. “And why not tell us and have us deal with it?”
Again, for just a moment, the line between dream and reality became blurred, pulling Steve back to where he sat, surrounded by Sam, Bucky and Natasha, who were listening to Scott talk.
Thanks for making it to the end of this story, even though I totally blew that original update schedule. Sorry 'bout that.
“You were raised on a farm. As a single child.”
“Taking the count,” answered Sam, a little smugly. “What’s this?”
“Actually,” he said slowly, “I came here to give you the go ahead to clean the drawing room. We’ve cleared as much as we can from the scene.”
Tony, however, looked on the familiar faces of his friends not with recognition and relief but with a kind of growing horror, as if they were kidnappers or murderers; Steve wished he had gotten rid of the beard.
Here, he found his feet turning left, to the study, where he migrated as though in a daze to the desk and sat heavily down on the chair, the solicitor’s voice echoing in his ears with every step he took
There was a brush of fabric as Rogers dug through his tan overcoat.
Visibly bewildered, Steve stepped into the house past Tony’s inviting gestures. Dummy jogged alongside them, ribcage swaying from side to side.
“The bull and the heifer,” said Ms. Pym, whose horse was impatiently pawing the ground. “It’s been raining up in the hills. The clouds have been on our heels since we left the grounds. We followed the trail here.”
“Oh, I see. What I need,” said Tony, gesturing about the room, “is to get her and I reacquainted. Full cavity search. Top to bottom.”
The town was quiet, too. No carriages on the streets, not a soul crossing through the shades of the porches. The flat-faced public houses were silent. The rope, on the other end of which the thief had been dragged by a bull, lay frayed a hundred yards off, beside the man’s hat.
Fury was quiet for a beat.
Steve demanded, half-angry, half-disappointed. “Did you find something?”
They had reached the edge of a square. At the curb, Tony stumbled. He staggered sideways into Stane, who pushed him away, back towards the open space; there, the dark outlines of buildings encompassed them. A theater towered above them on the right. Steve could just make out tracks of a cable car cutting across its cobble-stoned center.
“Fury?”
“He’s been drinking,” Clint put in helpfully.
And then, halfway to his Cadillac, not watching where he was going, not concentrating on anything but the strange actions of Mr. Stone, Tony came across a dark figure intercepting his path, and the bouquet, suddenly slippery in his sweating hands, slipped from under his arm — he lurched forward, caught it, and raised his gaze to the man before him.
“Yes,” Steve said slowly. “Clint told me.”
“Like it? See, there was this fella who I had a slight disagreement with—”
“Don’t say ‘refreshments,’” said Tony. “I’m already feeling underdressed,”
“What makes you think I spent much time with him?” he said finally.
“He doesn’t drink,” Steve said a little too quickly. Then, he reflected, “Actually, I don’t know. I didn’t believe you, so I wasn’t paying attention, but it’s not that.”
The Stately Homes of England,
invited,” Tony lied, addressing the collar faced in wide grosgrain silk. He knew his story would collapse with the slightest investigation, but on the other hand, he only had until Hammers recalled his rejection before the game was up in any case. “I’m a good friend of Justin’s.”
“Uh, isn’t that the perfect reason to divulge me who is it that’s hustling me?”
He, then, addressed another burning question: “Why am I on the couch?”
Inside, he was met by dark wainscoted walls that surrounded about eight round tables, two of which were occupied by poker players, who started to wrap up as Steve walked past the pot-belly stove in the middle of the room and approached the counter, lit by a candle chandelier. It wasn’t until he was standing behind the two men there that he remembered why he tended to avoid the place.
The pale December morning sun dazzled the windows as they thundered towards them, their voices as deafening and as incomprehensible as afar, and Steve could not hear a word that anyone was shouting, nor tell whose hands were seizing him, pulling him, trying to get answers to their inquiries…
“Very helpful,” Steve sighed to himself.
Rhodey looked on mutinously over the set table.
“Yes, he is. At least, the man in the picture is.”
“It, amazingly, seems that a lost vase was the only thing amiss in the room. No prints, other than a shoe mark on the lawn below the open window — which, oddly enough, did not match Mr. Stone’s shoes. Moreover, Jarvis had lit a fire before closing the room, which delayed—”
“If you want it, you’ll have to ask.”
Steve felt sickened and angry: at this moment Tony could be poring over designs meant to destroy instead of fix, could be forced to be part of a system that was the reason the technology of warfare had surpassed the technology of health care during the last war. If Stane, with the help of Tony, was to come up with something
“We know that,” said Sam, “but I would not recommend—”
“Right,” Steve sighed, and that was the end of the conversation, for a while.
“Yep. I’m the master of the house now. Focus up.”
We'll stand
Hammer’s ever-present grin faded slowly. For a few moments something sinister seemed to cloud his eyes, but then the smile reappeared upon his face so suddenly it was rather alarming.
“Unlike the prevalent climate,
A hot, prickly swoop of betrayal swept through Steve’s body; how could they do this to him now? Under the watchful and somewhat judging eye of Ms. Hill, Steve gathered himself, and pounded his fist on the door to Fury’s office.
Next update, next Friday!
“I’m just borrowing it,” Clint told him. “Fury likes his news printed in Washington D. C. He buys them through mail and picks them up from the stagecoach stopover at Sokovia.”
Jarvis’ mouth thinned. “I did not know whether he was here
Tony pulled the dish of sandwiches closer and helped himself to seconds. His stomach, that had never gotten anything to eat yesterday, was lurching less and less unpleasantly by every hungry bite.
Looking disgruntled, Tony, from his back pocket, took out an oily rag which he stuffed around the pendulum. On the next swing, it rang out a feeble, muffled
“Tony, no,” Steve said firmly. “Don’t do it. Don’t become his instrument.”
There was a wave of disappointment that swept through the Saloon; Steve suspected they had all assumed he had been involved in something heroic, preferably involving a couple of dark creatures and a bad man.
“That’s four inches of steel,” she said. “If your shot ricochets in this passage…”
Rogers set his jaw; he seemed to be in no mood to get drawn into one of Tony’s baiting exchanges.
And I with this, I wish you a VERY Happy New Year, may it be a start to a better one than the last
When they sat down on the row before, their creased pants dislodged a copy of today’s paper, which had been rolled into a deep pocket.
This was followed by the longest pause so far.
“Yeah, done deal. They need you here to run the place, I understand, believe it or not. They need a man in charge, and that’s you.” Tony smiled hollowly. “It’s always been you.”
[A/N] Sorry, kind of rushed the editing of this one because it's, umm, apparently been a month? So, mistakes? One hundred per cent on me, folks. In my defense, there was a bit of a 'Snowmageddon' and I spent roughly 8 days shoveling my driveway, the neighbor's driveway and my grandma's driveway. At this point, my back's like a Schwarzenegger.
“What did you do between the hours of midnight and 5 a.m.?” Rogers inquired, still watching Tony closely.
man hails from Wyoming!”
“Yeah, I had time to kill. Hours I’m used to aren’t usually quite so, uh … nocturnal,” mused Rogers, quietly. “I figured … well, wondered, if the killer knew the household routine—”
“No.”
And in the instant that he clicked the torch on, his eyes raking the closed door behind him, he saw the outline of white-and-brown brogues at the end of the shelf; surprise made him turn and panic paralyzed him as he saw the ankles and trousers stretching horizontally behind the corner.
“We’d better hurry,” Sam said, “they’re starting to realize something’s not right—something about a Rumlow being late to a meeting,” Sam said, fixing a knowing glance at Bucky and Steve. “Where’s our suited friend?”
Natasha’s lips twisted down from one corner. “Probably can wait till tomorrow.”
Steve took several embarrassed steps back from Tony, feeling his face heat up. There were now two very awkward men facing each other.
this is thrilling,” said Tony brashly. “May I say that righteous intent is a good look on you, Reagan.”
Steve slumped. “But—”
“I got injured. Four months before the end of the war.”
His pulse was still elevated by the very thought of these accusations, for they were neither fair nor true. Did they really think Steve did not know the man to whom he was married? It was not Clint who had sat down with Tony as he had broken down and confessed his past addiction, his past everything…
“What would you rather do? Scrub your sooty floorboards?”
Leaving his chair, Tony felt Obie’s hand settle across his shoulders once more and he let himself be steered out of the library. He was thankful; the sheer bulk of Obie seemed to act as a buffer between him and any possible attempts at self-promotion, until, at last, the commotion cut off, ceased by the closing door.
The towering buildings cast shadows on their path, and, whether because of the mist or because of the hard surfaces of their surroundings, sounds echoed eerily as they walked. Steve felt as if he was underwater; after the noisy factory, the air pressed on their ears and buzzed.
Steve stepped away from Natasha and put his arms to his hips. “No one stopped you from joining,” he said.
It had not been enough, as his supposed freedom proved, to have reasonable grounds for an arrest. So, had that been all? Had Tony’s recent trouble been satisfactory to them? If it had, how truly despicable was it to use a human life like a disposable tool … but, if this was just the start, what more was yet to come? And it was these thoughts that spurred him out of his spiralling descent into cabin fever, and into the town down south.
“Steve,” she started tentatively, “there’s nothing you could have done.”
I hate bureaucracy.
“Nope.”
The following expression was the more terrible because Steve had never expected or dreamed that he could ever see such a look on Tony’s face: being hit by a beam, getting struck by electricity, none of it had left Tony looking this vulnerable.
Obadiah, startled, begun to turn, his shiny bald head and silvery beard gleaming brightly under the lit chandelier.
“You know their policy is to keep count of the purchases, right?” asked Sam, who now had to raise his over Bucky and Clint’s noises of derision. “And for a good reason—”
“Felt obligated,” Steve shot back.
He had tried to sound casual, as though these were merely throwaway what-if’s of no real importance, but he was sure he had fallen far off the mark; Natasha’s eyes were a little too understanding. As a burning sensation swelled in his throat, something wet slid down the side of his nose, and they sat there, looking at each other in dim ambient light, and from the expression on Natasha’s face, he felt as though he had stepped into a trap.
Obie, at last, lifted his gaze and met Tony’s eyes; his looked almost black, deep in the shadow of his brow.
“Are everyone present?” he asked around. “The accused?”
Steve angled his body away from its brightness and sought for appropriate words. “Aren’t the letters a little … farfetched?”
“I’ve left that life behind,” replied Tony calmly.
On his right and left, open doors created pools of daylight onto the carpet he was walking on. Tony remembered the duster in Jarvis’ hand. He must be airing out the bedrooms. Tony’s gaze wandered to the door, behind of which his parents had slept, but it was closed, showing nothing but a stretch of dark wood.
“I kind of do.”
“He is alive?” Jarvis asked hopefully.
The moment shattered, though, as a shiver that raised the hair at the back of his neck ran through his bed-warm body.
Rogers moved to the piano and sat, arranging himself on the squat stool. His pose was nervous. The fingers of one hand slid in and out of being entwined with those of his left. The sunlight lay on his hair and face like islands of molten gold, reflected off the regency-style mirror by the credenza. He gazed at Tony.
Tony turned his head away. Steve left, suspecting he had broken in tears and did not wish for Steve to witness them.
“Tony,” Steve said with a serious look, “this will be risky, strictly off the record and require absolute
“The one that has you painted as the perpetrator — but not hard enough
Tony did.
“After you?” said Scott, would-be casually.
Steve debated on inquiring further how Clint had come by this piece of news, but decided, upon reflection, that he did not want to know.
Their bridge—wooden, slightly green from years of grime, and leaning slightly to the left because of a stiff winter eight years previously—was on fire.
“You can’t just pick a fight with them about the treatment of their property after we just shot said property,” Bucky said with painful restraint.
As badly as he must have hurt Tony, thought Steve, he would not expose Steve’s failures to his face. He was still looking out for him; just as he had done these past three years. Somehow the though brought Steve closer to tears than Tony’s confirmation. Instead, Steve straightened back on his feet, pulled his jacket on and left the house.
Stane stepped closer to tower over him and said, “You hated your father.”
“But the things Tony does, man,” Sam said softly, and Steve knew he was thinking of his own, improved nickel-plated revolver.
Hope it's alright!
Steve thought, and watched Tony’s eyes fixate on his lips, watched him smile in a way that made him fear anything might happen now. If Tony came any closer, he would hear Steve’s heart agreeing hungrily with this plan; he was already close enough Steve could count each individual lash.
Tony gave himself a mental shove; he was being stupid; there was nothing they could pin on him while barred in, and Hammer was probably being seen to by Doctor Banner by now, with full promises of recovery.
“Yikes,” said Tony with feeling, finally walking into the room, having left the sword leaning against the jamb. “Did Jarvis let you in? This room’s out of bounds, I’m not sure if you’ve heard—?”
“Tony’s not coming back.”
“It’s not that. It’s his—condition—that I’m talking about,” protested Bucky.
Although Steve held all legal papers in great value, there was precisely one person more committed than him. It had been like this from his very first meeting with Coulson twelve years prior when he had just been elected as Sheriff. He remembered it as though it had been yesterday.
Steve, having spent a good while with said mouth, begged to disagree but stayed mum.
Depleting the male voices, until only women and some of the older men were sitting and one side of the Town Court was practically empty. Finally, having entirely redone their knitted scarfs and hats three times each, even the women seemed unable to any more reasons to delay: they left the courtroom, disappearing into the wind-swept, snowy main street in troops.
“’No longer together’?” Fury echoes ruthlessly. “You’re married and you just…decided not to be?”
Steve tore his gaze away from the pony. Then he heard Tony laugh and his eyes stayed glued on him again until the saloon door opened, and their last dinner guest came in.
“I said you had your father’s mouth,” he mused, still cradling Tony’s cheek, “but
Rogers looked as though he had heard exactly what he had expected, and wanted, to hear. He made a quick flash of a mark in his booklet, looking satisfied; Jarvis, on the other hand, appeared deeply troubled.
As he gathered his luggage, he spotted over the car door a gardener in the middle of the oval, central flowerbed, trimming a stone vase that looked like a bird bath. The man could be seen reprovingly clicking his shears, shaking his head, when Tony threw open the front door, bags in hand.
