While he waits for it to arrive, he opens the app on his phone to review his handiwork. He enlarges the infrared image of the Baker Street sitting room and squints at the makeshift artwork on the back wall, above the couch. He'd been too busy to do anything more than glance at it when he'd planted the bugs.
"I didn't doubt you, brother mine,” Mycroft replies coolly, “I just didn't grasp the full horror of what the madman is willing to do."
Bloody hell—Sebastian seems to have a built-in Jim voice running around in his head telling him what to do. Even so, maybe his subconscious is telling him a truth here. If the idea that Holmes might be alive had been enough to send Jim into a tail-spin of rage, somehow Sebastian knows that keeping the confirmation that he is definitely alive will be even worse.
She gives him a look that she really doesn't believe what he is telling her, but goes on. "Okay, you threw it away and then what?"
Sitting in a heap on the floor, Janine laughs uproariously, and then trails off into the giggles. "Who's the two-legged donkey this time? By God, this quickstep is a hoot."
design, not just a tweak to one of the existing approaches. As I understand, Rob van Hoek announced two years ago Steadman's commitment that our unit at GOSH wants to design, build and test a smart shunt. They are willing to put their money where their mouth is, so if the Dahl funds aren't enough to fund your proposal, they'll cover the shortfall. So, together we want you to get going on it. Head it up."
"You're a fucking machine, Sherlock! Go to Ireland, for all I care. I'm staying right here. Because that's what friends do. They stay. They don't go running off playing some sort of game with other people's lives."
Moran snarls but does what he’s told, slipping his hands into the loop and pulling it tight with his teeth.
Rationalise. This is necessary; pain before pleasure. I can't get to where I need to be without this. It doesn't help that the gondola up here at Col des Gentianes makes it easy for the tourists to reach the highest point in the four valleys of Verbier. At three thousand three hundred meters, many come just to see the 360-degree views that give them both the Matterhorn and Mont Blanc. The wretched tourist trap is complete with refreshments; most of the sightseers will have a drink or some hot chocolate at the inappropriately named Igloo du Mont Fort. Luckily, Mycroft hasn't decided to accompany me here, for something to add to his cholesterol levels. I don't think I could stand his company at the moment. It's not his fault; I have reached my maximum tolerance level for being near other people.
John has finished his plate and leans back in his chair. "Playing devil's advocate here for a minute: let's say you do get the thumbs up on Monday. What, then? This is the first breakpoint in the contract. Are you planning on continuing?"
Rather than charging directly in, Sherlock takes the time to scrutinise the building. Why this one? Out of all the ramshackle, broken-down farm ruins that punctuate the countryside of Ireland, why would Moran or whomever is masquerading as Moriarty these days choose this particular place? Of course, it is rather conveniently placed within meters of the border. Does that have some bearing on it being chosen? Sherlock had been unable to find any reference to Oghill in any of the MoD files, but he hadn't had time to ransack the old Royal Ulster Constabulary archives. The Good Friday Agreement had led to the RUC being disbanded and the Police Service of Northern Ireland put in its place, a supposed symbol of the decision to put the sectarian Troubles behind them. Perhaps this building had some historical significance, but its unprepossessing state of ruination troubles him now. It is a rather boring place to rendezvous with death.
Sally sat back at John’s reassurance as he accepted the file Sherlock had blindly handed back so he could scoop Rosie up into his arms. She watched the scene unfold.
Sherlock is less than impressed, taunting, "If your marksmanship is anything like your crimes, then I dare say I am quite likely to survive."
The whiteboards are empty, but there are already traces of lots of scribbles on them, some of which he recognises as Sherlock's handwriting.
"I don't know!" Sherlock snaps. "And it's hard to ask him because even I can see that the question is fraught with so many risks of insulting him. I can't even recognise all of them, I'm sure. Just raising the question seems like walking into a minefield blindfolded."
"There is a sushi restaurant right across the square, in the Westin; they managed to squeeze the two of us in for a reservation when it opens at six." There's something about the simplicity of sushi that appeals to Sherlock; he can see precisely what he's eating, the flavours are not muddled by lots of spices, and he says he appreciates the artisanship used to create higher-end Japanese fare. I have learned a lot from Sherlock about the London sushi and sashimi restaurants over the years.
Knowing Sherlock, it's going to take some time to extract him; he'll want to know what imaging results will reveal about his patient's injuries.
"Who knows what plots she could hatch as revenge for her re-incarceration?" Lady Smallwood had explained. "That part of your job is now over forever."
John turns his head slowly away from the wall opposite the hard bench. He’s lost track of the hours he’s spent staring at the white tiles of the prison cell.  It helps to look at nothing; so long as he doesn’t close his eyes, he can keep at bay the image of blood on the wet pavement, and those blue-grey eyes shocked wide open in death.
The call is picked up quickly, and John sounds relaxed, if a bit tired. "Sherlock? Are you still at the dinner?"
, and that's the whole point! I tried to tell you last night but, if you remember, you told me to get off the line so you could take a call to save you from having to stay in."
John catches the eye of the catering staff behind the counter, pointing to the fish and chips. "Well, I'm sorry if I can't be on call for you twenty-four-seven today since I am paid by the hospital to fulfil responsibilities, you know."
Charbonnet shifts his weight. "Wet clothing was removed, chemical heating packs and warming blankets applied. At this stage, his confusion increased, although he remained conscious. His airway was adequate, so no intubation.
Sebastian has learned a lot about security systems since that time, all courtesy of the man he now watches open the tea caddy and put three teaspoons of loose-leaf tea into the pot, before checking the water has cooled just enough. “Eighty degrees for green tea; one hundred for black," he says in a parody of Holmes' voice. "Three minutes brewing for green, five for black."
Later that evening, John wants to hear about Lestrade's conversation with Sherlock, but the latter has kept putting off his attempts to adopt the topic for days now. "Thinking," has been the repeated excuse. Knowing that pushing Sherlock at this stage will be counter-productive, John had avoided asking the question at the hospital. There, it is hard to find time to breathe, let alone have a proper discussion, and Edgar had been buzzing around. He had even observed one of Sherlock's out-patient clinic sessions with the patients' permission.
He drops the order off on a little side street near Tufnell Park tube station, and then heads south to the Camden Internet Café. Time to do a little … research.
“Keep calm, Sherlock lives,” he reads aloud. He shakes his head and picks up another, his look of confusion morphing quickly into one of abject concern.
"I don't know… maybe something about being trapped, helpless, in pain and afraid of dying? That's enough, isn't it?"
"No, thank you. I will be out in a minute." His tone is all business, and he grabs the shampoo bottle like reaching for a weapon.
“No words.” He fought off the vision of John’s horrified face were he to actually put into words his state of mind.
"I saw the avalanche from down below the dam, but couldn't see what happened when the snow hit the lake. The ski patrol wouldn't let me up."
Jim flashes Carlton an overly apologetic smile, rolling his eyes dramatically as he mouths the word, “Work.” Carlton manages a weak smile in return.
He stifles a laugh. If so, the blackmailer doesn't know Mycroft very well. He's more likely to throw Sherlock to the wolves than to bend to any pressure on his account. A lifetime of lectures starts rolling through his head—
"The tall guy is the Russian choreographer, he's also teaching me and Sherlock an hour from now. The short one is Kit Defratis, the latest West End heartthrob, rumoured to be working on a new musical. They're teaching him a tango routine."
"Yes," he admits readily. He can't hold back a sigh. "Change involves risk, and there are things involved in this job offer that would be particularly challenging for me. The prospect of having to lead people. Having to address their concerns and needs. Having to
The Coroner is livid. "You are not entitled to interrupt the proceedings. I warned you yesterday. If I hear one more outburst from you, you will be expelled from the courtroom."
“Mike, Mike Stamford!” John calls out to the figure ahead of him as he hurries down the corridor of Ward 3d in St Bartholomew's hospital. Barts Heart Centre is one of the biggest in London, with over seventy beds and ten operating theatres, so John is delighted that his quarry isn't ensconced in surgery somewhere. He hadn’t given the man a heads up that he was going to pay him a visit, so when Mike stops walking and turns around at the sound of his name, he is understandably thrown for a moment before his round face splits into a grin.
"I'm not. I'm happy here. Happy with sharing the flat, being here with you, helping out on the cases and all that."
The next thousand meters is a long uphill slog, passing the closed iron gates of Inverforth House then various turnings of footpaths into the western section of the Heath's parklands. The instructions had been specific—enter via Sandy Road—but John had considered coming to the rendezvous point from a different angle, just in case it was a trap.
He likes the look of this one—a young twentyish thing, all long limbs and boyish smile. Jim can't resist. Setting up this next hack has riled him up and he's
He’s just about to type a response, something along the lines of why? how? where? When there is another comment.
Sherlock lets out a breath. John is right, but John is also wrong. And this is not helping the decision-making in the slightest. "It could be a fixed-term thing. I could demand an automatically expiring contract."
A breaking and entering charge, carrying an unlicensed, concealed weapon, and unlawful surveillance of a private individual—the Police Constable David Milner who had collected him from Baker Street and booked him into the system had been most amused at the fact that he'd been handed over by Watson "tied up prettier than a Christmas present."  His gun, phone and the three bugs had all been confiscated as evidence.
“I'll be by tomorrow to collect my things,” John said finally, turning to leave. “You won't be here.”
He is a nice guy who takes the concept of customer care seriously. This morning, he had taken me to the cross-country runs at Nandez and sorted out the rental of proper equipment, even hooking me up with a private lesson instructor he knew.
John doesn't mind per se, but he won't share certain details. He wonders if Sherlock would, considering that he'd even told the agency about having autism. "He came to King's to finish his training. I helped him with a project, and we hit it off. He asked me to move in."
Downing the very last of the beer he has been nursing for the past hour, he collects his coat from the back of the chair. The cold night air hits him in a rush as the door to the pub opens to usher in a group of last-minute patrons. In attempting to pull his collar up higher against the chill, he doesn’t notice the straggler of the group and walks straight into him.
“Did it?” John presses him. “We both know that if the need arises, you can store fresh blood for up to 24 hours, even 48 at a pinch and it can still be viable. And over a 24-hour period, you could harvest a lot of blood, as long as the patient is transfused with platelets."
"Hey, is he okay?" The first one to reach us is an American if the accented English is to be trusted.
He parks the car and to the side and exits the vehicle — shoulders back, gun drawn. He steels himself and steps forward through the doorway, noting the padlock hanging open. He's being invited in… The darkness of the tiny room floods with the light from the doorway and then he sees, right at the back of the room, huddled in a corner against the wall, looking smaller than he could ever have imagined …
Sebastian switches to the Baker Street cameras. Lights are off there, too, but he can see the living room wall well enough in the street lamp's illumination. He stares at the post-it note that has been added since his last visit. Zooming in, he can make out the hand writing:
means. I'd picked up some other words, too: medical terms such as what sounded like a concussion and something about the spine.
He hears the rustling of sheets and a creaking of metal — John appears to be sitting up in bed. "Sherlock,
"John…" Sherlock's tone is unusually careful, almost hesitant. So much so that he repeats himself, as if testing out John's name to see how his words will land. "... John."
"I cannot name names or share details of former clients, of course, but I can mention that I had to withdraw from an employer because their teenage and adult stepchildren — there were a sizeable number of them residing with this person — and I could not get along. My presence proved too challenging for both parties, and I don't see it as my employer's responsibility to try to build such bridges; it's mine."
Then it's just hard and fast, Jim preceding violently to rail Sebastian, punching a series of grunts out of Sebastian's throat as he struggles to maintain his hold on the headrests.
The press of bodies in the queue makes me nauseous and their brightly coloured down-filled jackets is an assault on the eye. Playing with my poles on their wrist straps gives my fingers something to do that isn't quite blatant stimming. I keep my gaze firmly on my boots, trying to ignore the cascade of languages being chattered by the crowds. My brain doesn't want to co-operate, blithely translating the French, Italian, German, Russian… wait… was that Farsi? Yes, definitely. An Iranian refugee, who has been living in the canton for at least thirty years, if the perfectly pronounced French name of chef Fabrice Taulier at
"Mrs Hudson owns this flat, if you hadn't noticed. Your carelessness ends up knackering things, and she puts the costs of fixing them onto our rent, if you hadn't noticed."
"He went to university — medical school, that is, and has a PhD," Violet says, and can't help a swell of pride. Sherlock would tell her, in that rude manner of his, that she shouldn't take credit for things she had opposed — such as his career — but she still deserves the right to feel proud of him,
Sherlock seems to consider this for a moment. "John hasn't minded me talking to you about our relationship. Why would Edgar be different?"
"Need to get a ringside seat," giving him one of his knowing smiles, which always makes Sebastian wonder what the hell Jim is not telling him. He constantly feels at sea when trying to keep up with Jim. It's annoying, not just because he isn't able to grasp the plot that’s unfolding, but also that Jim keeps giving him that
"A person who is easily distracted, cannot tolerate boredom and can be forgetful because they are preoccupied with more interesting things must develop outstanding compensatory mechanisms for those challenges. People who don't have such problems never have to hone their coping strategies to an art."
"Daddy knows best," Jim purrs, tossing the towel aside and padding across the plush slate gray carpet to slip onto the bed, stretching languorously. "The idjits thought they could fool me. Someone worked out that I was targeting that particular flight. When I find out who, I'm going to skin him alive."  He picks up a letter opener from the bedside table and uses it to summon Sebastian to lie beside him.
This time, instead of a ring, there are three beeps and then his voicemail clicks on again. Wait… doesn't that meas the phone is engaged? Three for busy, five for not answering. This time he's using his phone?
Upon spotting her, Sherlock introduced the dancers. “Irina and Masha are professional ballroom dancers. I thought you might benefit from seeing what it is supposed to look like. John and Mary’s efforts at the wedding might have given you a false impression.”
He’s an easy target if someone decides to come out of the bushes and shoot down at him. The thought prompts him to draw his gun from his pocket.
You make tea for the both of you and take the mugs into the living room where you find Sherlock isn't at the desk; he's sitting in the chair reading a thin book. As you put his mug down on the coffee table, on the coaster that Mary had always insisted you use, you recognise the notebook. Embarrassment brings a flush of red to your cheeks. "Oh,
Whatever damage the first kick had done, the second makes worse. Through the haze of searing pain, Sherlock struggles to control his breathing. He can't stop now, can't lose consciousness.
Mycroft shakes his head. "Not that I had noticed. My brother's previous episodes of depression left him supine on a sofa, lacking energy. I don't think that was happening; if anything, he was filled with excessive energy, perhaps in frustration at his failure to solve the cases."
As the silence stretches out, he glances between John and Mrs Hudson, “Why all the clutching of pearls?”
Jim slides his hand down Sebastian's neck and over his shirt front that's starting to dampen with perspiration and lets his gaze drop lazily down. And Sebastian's knows that his breathing isn't his only tell as his cock twitches under Jim's gaze, starting to swell and push against his flies.
And it was just as Sherlock had always known it would be, always imagined it, always hoped. From the beginning. Intuition, from the beginning, that John would taste like this, would kiss just like this, would feel and react just like this. Would make those small whimpers—no, wait, that wasn’t John. Was Watson—? Could she have—?
" he finally parses together. He coughs again and then closes his eyes, mumbling, "Save time… tell him everything." He clears his throat. "He's a doctor,
someone. He knows (and has been routinely chastised for it during most of his life) that he tends to talk
Sherlock had been exonerated. And the name of the Assistant Forensic Pathologist… Wilhelmina Cooper, or in its abbreviated form… ‘
"No pain, no gain" is her motto. Apparently, the man is a nightmare boss, but the pay is so attractive that Janine is willing to accept it. "Also, it's great on the CV. Surviving a boss like that means a lot in the job market. Another couple of years, another CEO job, and I will have saved enough to afford a place in town and one of my own in the country. Then I can find a husband and it's goodbye London; hello, married life."
My earlier idea had been to now go up to the top of the Chassoure and ski back down through the mogul field, but the mood is no longer with me. Whatever peace I had been seeking, events have conspired to rob me of it. A quick glance at the 4 Vallées interactive map on my phone shows me my dilemma. I am on the wrong side of the resort to make a return by road easy, even if I were to call the chalet to take advantage of the chauffeur pick-up. It would take ages to get up to Siviez, the village further down this valley. Enduring cable car lifts all the way back is another version of hell involving too many people.
"Only as far as those truths don't offend you. And, that's not what people usually say about my honesty."
As they’re sat in their respective chairs, John shakes his head. "The fact that neither of us can be sure what caused it is the whole point of this conversation."
Sherlock knew the tells that meant John was really chewing over something but was struggling with the right choice. John was always so concerned about the right thing. Sherlock knew to offer an olive branch but to make it seem like it was really John’s idea. He knew to expect several days of ridiculous hemming and hawing, occasional scribbled pros and cons lists, and often a completely wrong decision first, before finally giving in and declaring that he’d made his choice.
Why do people think that's something Sherlock should already be considering at this point? He got hurt doing it, so maybe leave that topic be for some time? I feel indignant — as though it's a slight against me that both his brother and the guide, Branger, are insinuating he should resume. "I don't want to think about whether he'll ski again or not. If it were up to me, then
I know how wrong that assumption is. Having difficulties recognising emotions in others and expressing his own does not mean that he doesn't have the same mirror neurons that I possess, which fire like mad when he's upset or in danger or in pain. Sometimes I sincerely believe he feels things more intensely than most people do and suffers when he cannot easily find outlets for that turmoil.
Arranging the cups, Molly glanced up briefly as she reached for the teapot. Her breath caught at the look on Sherlock’s face and her fingers bumped one of the empty cups, making it clatter against the saucer.
Sebastian focuses on slowing his respiration rate, fighting against the arousal that's starting to seep into his smooth muscles, spurred on by his autonomic nervous system. Jim this close is an irresistible force and being the sole focus of that piercing gaze, that razor sharp, utterly indecent mind is overwhelming. Jim could have,
He held his breath a moment, then dipped to kiss John’s jaw, gently, and again, again, coming closer to his mouth but going no further. That would have to be John’s move.
She had been confused by the offer. "As you and Sherlock have just spent an hour trying to convince me, I no longer have an active role as the parent of an autistic child."
Sherlock sets off at a run, with the others following behind. Not for the first time, John feels like he's always ten steps behind Sherlock, both in knowing what the hell is going on and in being taken for granted.
"Are you worried that I won't have time and energy to spare for you? Do you think I will be less able to contribute something to our home life together? Or is it more that you think I won't be able to cope with GOSH if you're not there to be my get-out-of-jail card when I make a mess of things?"
Edgar has picked clean several of the clamshells and stops to take a sip of water. "So, he's likely then to see this proposed move of yours as a problem rather than as an opportunity, since it robs him of two days' worth of an individual piece of the clinical workforce and a surgeon with a very prominent research career. That suggests you could take a more upbeat approach. Rather than say he's lucky to have you for three days a week, that you're not completely leaving, perhaps the thing to emphasise is how committed you are long-term, so much so that you are only looking for a part-time leave of absence.  If you can help him see the positives, maybe he won't see this as a problem. Emphasise your clinical strengths, remind him of why King's needs you to complete its set of neurosurgeons."
Loathe as he is to admit it, ‘mister smartarse’ is right. And John still wants to know, so he tries the direct approach:
Sherlock is reading it, with a frown. "Good question. Numbers. A lot of numbers. I‘ll have to decode them."
keep telling me not to do certain things because I'm rubbish at them. You make assumptions, just like my mother."
It had felt good to hear his mother express her distress over the deterioration of their relationship. But, had it felt good because it was an admission that he's not happy with the way she treats him now, or had the past been involved? Would it help Sherlock get past some of his anger to hear Violet Holmes admit that she's not quite the patron saint of mothers she's convinced herself to be?
"Well, I do wish he had been so willing that Christmas. We'd all have been spared of much hardship," Violet declares bitterly.
"Well, let's rectify that then," Jim responds as he pulls nearly all the way out and then slams violently back in.
“That’s Mister Stainer, um Charles Stainer. He’s the new CEO — of the London office. Been here for a couple of months.
The darkness fades and Sherlock finds himself sitting in an armchair by a roaring open fire, the chair next to him empty. He closes his eyes and breathes heavily, trying to fend off what feels like the start of a panic attack. Everything he knew. Everything he thought he knew …
“Sally,” he nods to the sergeant who is stationed by the body as it is the process of being examined by …
“Do not refer to him as that,” Sherlock snaps, causing Mycroft to take pause at the underlying sentiment in the response.
Mycroft's face is impassive. “Hardly. But I do question your choice of sparring partner. Are you looking to get yourself killed, Doctor Watson? Next time, your opponent may not be satisfied by simply embarrassing you with an arrest record.”
stand by while Sherlock’s work is called into question. This one, the one he has chosen to write up tonight to prove them all wrong—the case involving the glow-in-the-dark rabbit, the mysterious hound, the tormented son and the secret military establishment. No one but Sherlock would have been able to solve that. No one but Sherlock
"You want to put my brother on trial, embarrass him in front of the world. Well, go ahead. We have enough information now about all your little tricks to expose you for good. He's willing to sacrifice himself for the chance to say it all in public—no mathematical genius at work. You've spent a lifetime trying desperately to live up to that reputation, to justify what my brother saw in you. Rather shameless, your attempt to try and make yourself look bigger than you are."
John pinched the bridge of his nose. If anyone else said these kinds of things to him, he'd punch their lights out. He'd never do that to Sherlock… again. And somehow, that was a part of why this was all kinds of wrong in ways John didn't know how to verbalise.
Sherlock’s eyes narrow accusingly on the mug in John’s hands but he doesn’t miss a beat. "Lestrade,” he turns to regard the Detective Inspector, “have you come simply for the pleasure of shouting at me or is there a purpose being served, other than waking up the neighbours? A case perhaps?"
"I'll keep you company," I suggest when Sherlock frowns at the sight of me lingering in the doorway.
“Isn’t that how affirmations work, John? Repetition?” He takes the wallet from his jacket and stands up. “Fortune cookies are a purely American invention, and that’s where they’re all made. I’d say these skipped the quality control step.” The purr is completely gone now, replaced by the familiar professor-know-it-all tone, and John finds himself already wondering if it was ever there at all.
Looking at the mess on his boots and his trousers, the mess he has left on the carpet from the tread embedded mud — the mess of their lives -— he wonders now if it wouldn't have been easier if it
Sherlock sighs. "People do tend to assume no one on the Spectrum would be any good at such things. But it is frustratingly true for me; I simply do not understand how other people's minds work. And I don't understand why I have to be the one who is always expected to compromise, to conform to their expectations. It makes me angry and frustrated."  As soon as he's said this, he wonders if Joanna Pichler would be proud of his being able to articulate this. And then he decides that it's more important that
Sebastian's been punished for infringements before. Early in their arrangement he’d been in Eastern Europe taking care of a delicate situation; one of Jim’s business partners had found himself the subject of a counter-human-trafficking sting and was becoming far too loose-lipped in his efforts to extricate himself from the situation. He had been dispatched to ensure those lips were permanently sewn back up, figuratively and literally (for added effect, and because Sebastian had decided to have a little fun in the process). Job done, he had taken a couple of ‘days off’ before returning to London. Nothing nefarious, his penchant for plundering a willing arse had all but vanished when Jim had become a permanent fixture in his life, but he still enjoyed the atmosphere of the scene in Prague. He’d figured Jim wouldn’t know, and even if he found out, wouldn't have a problem with it.
"For Christ's sake, Sherlock! This is important enough that you should have called me back. This is just so sudden and absurd. A new post at Ormond Street… Who put that idea into your head?"
Moran’s face goes through a number of calculated contortions before he breaks into a wide grin, delighted at whatever conclusion he has arrived at. "Then the third option is the truth. You've come here to let me be your suicide weapon of choice. Who needs antique duelling pistols when there's a convenient sniper around?"
Sherlock huffs, he’s on a roll and there’s no way he can stop himself now. Against all his best interests he spits out, “It’s a wonder you stay, considering you think I am so difficult to live with.”
Sherlock finishes getting the soap off and switches the shower off. I get up to hand him one of the enormous, fluffy, white bath sheets, wondering if we should get some of these for our flat in London.
We all know there are no grounds for an involuntary assessment in this case. As good as Doctor Fiedler's game is, she's lost. If she doesn't want to spend more time in a fruitless tug-of-war with an English surgeon, she should retreat.
He wonders if he should signal with some body language that he thinks this is important. Leaning forward and lifting his eyes, Sherlock says, "That's one advantage of this being a start-up; I can build those things in. But, if other people want to impose their own views on how this should function, then it's probably not going to work for me. So, I am not going to apologise for conducting my due diligence here. Being sceptical and demanding now will save us all a lot of trouble."
What he had done is still there. He looks around and remembers how he had grabbed Sherlock, pushed him into the bedroom. The marks on Sherlock's body, the bruises he'd inflicted when he'd had his way with him. Sex? Yes, it was that. But Greg was right; it was a punishment, too. For both of them. A physical expression of John's anger and his frustration, too. A reminder of how they had once used their bodies to show love, but were now doing something else to each other.
Smoother now in John’s slippery palm. Sherlock sinks his head back into the pillow and spreads his knees apart, lifting his hips, opening access, acquiescing to the demand. Nothing, not a sound, just a slick slide as John’s finger breaches him firmly. Sherlock forces himself to relax, to accept the intrusion. It’s what he wanted, John inside him, a part of him again, what they know — what their bodies have known. There's no tease, no preparation, just insistence as John’s breath comes steadily in and out through his nose, keeping a rhythm with his finger, now two. Abrupt withdrawal of fingers is followed by an almost savage push of John's cock. No momentary pause is offered to allow Sherlock to adjust; the stretch and burn is his problem, not John's. There’s a sense of loss that starts to seep into their union. He knows it — the tendrils have anchored themselves in the cracks that are widening with every thrust of John's cock.
Anderson’s gloved fingers stall where they had been in the process of sampling a piece of pond scum from the forehead of the victim, his head pops up and his eyes narrow. “Should he even be here? The DPS are already poking their noses into our past files because of his little stunt.”
"No, he doesn't. Edgar seems to employ more discretion to when it comes to things regarding our relationship than he does to situations in which I interact with other people. While I might tolerate such advice, I doubt John would welcome it"
"A mate of mine at The National is applying for one of those positions; that Steadman Neurosurgery Unit is going to be all the bells and whistles you can imagine. He told me that he saw Sherlock over there today."
John nods. "She finds out her husband is being unfaithful and wants a divorce, then gets sucker punched with her daughter being 'the other woman'."
is what this means in Sherlock-speak, and it's what John hears loud and clear. "I don't want you to be uncomfortable because of me. That's not why I encourage you to do things."
"Move," Sebastian directs, getting Jim to shift to the right so he can reach across the driver's seat into the glove box. He barely manages to get his hand on the bottle of lube stashed there for the satiation of Jim's spontaneous impulses before he feels his tracksuit bottoms and pants being pulled down from behind.
"Edgar's cohabiting with a young woman who is an IT whizz." Sherlock grabs his phone and starts typing up yet another text message.
"Don't know. Don't think so." Or am I? It's hard to tell since I can't move much. The pain is nothing but a dull, distant throb, now. I shouldn't ignore the more intense, stabbing sensation I had earlier, but I'm not feeling it
." Moriarty smirks and laughs; there is something manic in that sound which makes John's blood boil. "You want to repeat your challenge? Or have you thought better of it?"
Mrs Hudson paused as she stepped into the flat, saucer and teacup in one hand, plate of biscuits in the other. Molly was handing John a cup of tea while DI Donovan was preparing her own cup. Sherlock was walking slowly toward the windows, a bounce and sway in his step, posture crooked back to hold a sleeping Rosie, while sipping from his own cup.
Sherlock frowned, leaning deeper over the banister, which made his dressing gown hem shift and dance between the rungs. John thought it made him look decadent, like an idle bachelor gentleman from the early 1900s. "We could chip that off. Or have someone do it when they put in the new name. I fail to see the problem."
"3D printer for brainstorming. It's hard just to conceptualise technical designs on a whiteboard especially for people with less visuospatial aptitude than I have; now, we can try things out more concretely, and I can get them to understand what I mean more easily. The user interface of the design program turned out to be horrid, but I'm getting the hang of it."
Edgar pushes his empty champagne glass towards the bartender for a re-fill. His expression hasn't changed, which annoys Sherlock. Or, perhaps he is just annoyingly good at being a polite poker-face of a PA. Or, could this signal that he thinks Sherlock looks and acts too
John tried to balance Rosie on his hip, but the small girl squirmed and grumbled as she tried to slip down. John had a habit of holding her longer than she actually wanted, as though trying to make up for the time lost when she'd been bounced from one acquaintance to another as John tried to make sense of Life After Mary by staring into bottles.
"Right, Jahhn, nice to meet you. 'ahpe you dahn't mend me bein quick; I'm behend me schedule and need to get a mahve ahn. You in de fahxhoond business den?"
“I don’t have pneumonia. I don’t even have a cold. Not that standing in the rain would cause either one.” He takes a bite of cookie and enjoys the bland sweetness, crunching carefully around his tender tongue. He chases it with a swig of ice water. “And you’re not responsible for the killer killing himself, either.”
“Doctor Watson informed the court previously that Mister Holmes did not reveal anything of his future plans to him that day; was he more forthcoming with you?”
"Of course. Everyone knows the story of how he worked with GOSH and a hydraulics engineer to create the Wade-Dahl-Till shunt in the sixties. His son Theo could have been saved from blindness and brain damage if shunt surgery had been available at the time of his accident."
"And in that time, you found him to be a valuable asset when it came to detecting and solving crimes?"
“Like you and Daddy. Well… kinda.” Rosie shivers, halting abruptly on the spot. “Can we go home now? I’m cold and I want to show you and Daddy my pict— my
* Conan Doyle skied for one more season, crossing from Davos to the Engadine in March 1895, but the flame was already dying and he never returned. "I am convinced," he
Sherlock writes up "EU" on a post-it note in an alarming pink colour and walks to the evidence wall. He has moved the materials he'd put up there, pushing the old crimes to above and below a strip that goes from the corner of the room all the way to the curtains covering the windows out onto Montague Street's private gardens. The airplane that went missing over the Atlantic before showing up in Greenland has a whole series of post-its clustered around a big hand-drawn clockface with the hands at one o'clock. He slaps the pink note onto the area surrounding the next drawing, showing two o'clock.
Sherlock tunes out the sales patter about how it is "a long, lean speed machine with a planing hull that is designed to ride high on the water, letting you cut through currents and boils with ease. When the manager starts rabbiting on about how the Contour Ergo outfitting system means that he will find the kayak is "surprisingly agile, a real high-performance river-runner", Sherlock knows better than to admit that the principal reason for him choosing this one is because it comes in black. The high vis paintwork of so many of the others on display immediately ruled them out of contention.
Shocked that John would ever think he could walk away now, Sherlock has to ask the obvious question: "Is that what you really mean? You think I should walk away now because I am likely to fail?"
His mobile pings with a message; Edgar is downstairs. Sherlock hopes Edgar will curb his chatty tongue during the drive; he wants to use the excuse of his thirst for knowledge regarding the emotional associations to colours to avoid talking to their driver and to distract himself with his phone from the fact that he is headed to a social occasion.
On the other hand, it's also the same sort of theatrical crap that Moriarty would come up with. The similar nod to the macabre could all be part of the trap. He doesn't think the Irishman is going to show up, even if the plan is his idea. With all the airline stuff going on, surely he wouldn't dare risk being seen in the open? Or maybe John is giving him too much credit; without Sherlock's skills of deduction, he could be very wide of the mark.
Once again, I interrupt his diatribe with a stern look. "You won't. And judging by what I was told, you were in no condition to consent genuinely."
, there is a fluttering of eyelashes. Before he can take a breath, his relief is shredded when Sherlock's eyes open wide, morphing from the beloved blue into the dark-eyed manic stare of Jim Moriarty.
He holds his breath, straining to hear the slightest sound, as he feels Jim come around slowly to stand by the side of the bed at his head. Naked
Ms Drew has tilted her chin to the left, a sign he takes to be questioning. This is confirmed when she asks, "Why? Most of the project managers are happy to work with whomever they are assigned to."
"…North Atlantic Organised Track System… it's dynamic, meaning the exact number of the flight paths change every day depending on wind and weather conditions on the jetstream, as well as demand. They're set each day at seven am by Canadian ATC at Gander."
"I thought it should be yours to resell. Mycroft certainly doesn't want it, so I'm giving it to you. I know you paid for it. And you could do with selling an  investment now."
Both of my hands are out, instinctively trying to dampen down his anger. "She's not saying that there is, Sherlock. Just calm down."
think of how Sherlock sustained them at what sort of mental cost. He knows he has no right to expect anything at all from a man who has been through all that Sherlock has endured over the past thirty-six hours. Totally numb would be the default. But, in that one word, softly said, there is a willingness to admit that he is in need of John's company.
“John!” Sherlock’s voice cuts cleanly through the distant hum of traffic and ceaseless pattering raindrops.
The shout startles him out of his sleep; adrenaline kicks in and he sits bolt upright in bed. Downstairs, the door to 221B has smacked solidly against the wall, loud enough to be heard up here in his bedroom, and now there is yelling. Lots of it. One-sided yelling in a London accent.
The new job at the nearby GP surgery is full-time because you have no appetite for looking at the four walls of what is the brochure had called a "studio flat, ideal
Sherlock opens his mouth to protest, but the appointment room door is opened by Doctor Pichler, whose patient, evaluating gaze sweeps the sight of the two of them.
"It was a leaflet in the seat pocket in front of me, telling me I'd won a competition," she explained through a hail of tears, "the prize was a return first class air ticket."  When the police located the leaflet in question, the number listed was "no longer in service," according to the voicemail message, spoken in perfect Danish. Not particularly revealing.
Sherlock would like to be able to summon his snark, to inform the voice in his head that he'd lost the right to quesion his methods, but that familiar patterning, his usual retort ability seems to have left him along with John. Sherlock is well aware that he is unarmed and will be confronting a man who is a trained killer. The odds are slim, but then he's been living on borrowed time ever since he nearly bled to death to avoid being killed and to save John from Moriarty's clutches. At least this time, Sherlock is going into a confrontation with his eyes wide open and he's not going to worry about John coming to harm. Does that mean he will take more risks?
John will be safe. The promise he'd made himself before climbing the stairs to the Old Operating Theatre will have been kept; John will be alive.
easy,” Jim sighs to the ceiling, eyes closed as he tugs at himself leisurely, cock half hard but becoming steadily more interested.
Sherlock concentrates on responding to John's firm lead, as they glide into a reverse turn to avoid a corner, he glances back to see that Mary is gone.
Sherlock had rather brusquely brushed aside Violet's parting comment to take care and to avoid all dangers when she and George had said goodbye on their way to Geneva for some shopping before flying home on New Year's Eve. "You will take caution from your husband but not your family," she had lamented.
As if he can read John's mind, the Irishman smirks as he goes through the motions of taking aim at a distant tree. "My great grandfather's pistols, by the way. I used to shoot targets with these at the family estate."
She retreats back into her chair, gives him a moment. He nearly rises to his feet to start pacing, but it appears that she'd interfered with his rising anxiety in time to slam the door before full-on panic had set in.
"You sound like Joanna — padding your question with carefully selected, neutral terms." Sherlock twirls some spaghetti around his fork. The bolognese sauce is from the Waitrose delivery, re-heated in the microwave. One advantage of Edgar's service is that the cupboard and fridge are never bare, and the number of take-away meals has dropped; they're eating cheaper and healthier.
"Yes. A consultant neurosurgeon at King's College Hospital and lives here in London with his husband."
to her, and she poured more Chianti Classico into her wine glass. "First time I've been out to dinner since Mary’s wedding. A girl could get used to this, Sherlock Holmes. You're making me reassess what I thought about you."
"We don't have much time, John, so the rest of what I have to say will have to wait until later. If what is about to happen goes the way I want it to, then there will be plenty of time to explain afterwards, to yell at me, to do whatever it is that you think needs to be done. But unless you do what I am about to ask of you, there will be no time at all for either of us."
“Uh, no,” Lestrade rubs the back of his head. "The body was found face down in the water and then the bike courier and a couple of wait staff pulled him out and attempted CPR.”
“For you own good, Tiger, and for mine …” Jim gives him a curious look and Sebastian shivers at the thought that Jim is going to see the lie. But then Jim is back to crowing over his victory over Mycroft Holmes, Sebastian relegated once again to secondary importance. Sebastian silently releases the breath he didn’t know he was holding.
Edgar closes his notebook and splays his palm on it. "Yes, it does. But this sort of role takes two to be successful, so it is up to you whether you think such a partnership between us is feasible."
Under the steady stream from the showerhead, he lets the water run over his face. He’s been standing in that position for ages, head bowed, palms on the shower wall, breathing in and out through the spray. Is he trying to avoid the moment when he gets out, gets dressed and finds the flat empty? Or is he trying to punish himself for the sins of this night? Perhaps, it is a bit of both. He knows he should make a move to get out before the hot water tank empties …
Branger looks over my shoulder, down the corridor to where Sherlock is. "Your husband is okay? No major injuries?"
Behind them, John put the file and his notebook on a side table and waved Sally to sit back down. The smile on his face as he watched Sherlock and Rosie was small, but the joy in it shone brightly.
As soon as I pull the chair up alongside the bed, he opens his mouth, and I know that he is about to unleash a series of complaints. I raise a finger to forestall the inevitable. "Nope. Just be quiet and listen for a minute, will you?"
“Yeah, I got lucky. Once she got over the colic and started sleeping through the nights, she turned out to be really easygoing.” John ran his palm over Watson’s blonde head slowly, over and over, occasionally stroking her cheek with an index finger. Sherlock’s own finger twitched, as if to touch John’s.
Right at that moment, there is another ping. This time it’s from John’s phone on the coffee table. Sherlock is closer to it, so he looks at the screen.
She'd actually squealed, making him pull the phone away from his ear in alarm. Before he could recover to ask who was torturing her, she'd shrieked "Jesus, Mary and all the saints! You're a saviour, Sherlock Holmes. The best boyfriend I've ever had."
As the kayak cuts through the frigid water and the cold air starts to nip the tips of his ears, he considers the path his life has taken to date. It was, unexpected, that he would come to share his life with a friend; a partner. Certainly, his early years had not indicated a trajectory towards domestic undertakings. What he does not find unexpected, however, is that such an undertaking would not last. Whether by chance to design, the likelihood that he would retain such a friend or partner had always been low. One only had to look at the others that had crossed Sherlock’s path before John. Victor would no doubt have concurred if he still possessed the ability.
' had been his excuse. John considered it quite a feat, considering he must've taken a cab to King's not two hours after John had gone to work.
John's eyes widen. He had not counted on that kind of reaction. "Um, would you be prepared to lose him for good?"
"Ah, the penny drops at last. You may have been able to deduce the hell out of the wedding guests, but you've taken your time realising that I’m interested in you." She puts her glass down and places her hand on the back of Sherlock's neck. "Did anyone ever tell you that you're a fine kisser? 'Cause if they haven't, they should have." She pulls him closer to her and they kiss.
John sips his beer and dabs off the foam from his lips with a paper napkin. "I'm sure your performance is fine. But how are the two of you… getting along?"
"No, but they could easily headhunt someone they thought of as the best candidate, regardless of whether they are on the Spectrum or not. It can just be useful information they need to take into account. And that is what you have given them."
"Christ that smile is creepy. Is this about what I said last night? Look, I’m sorry I got mad at you but I was tired, a patient nearly punched me, and you were being— you."
. He never gets tipsy unless John is there. It's dangerous because it makes him even more liable to messing up when it comes to interacting with others. He needs his wits about him until he's in a taxi en route home. He needs to leave.
John draws in a ragged breath and extends a finger to gently trace the bloodied scratches on the floor. "So, no. You don't get to do this. Hear me?” he asks of the silence in the dim bunker. “I love you. And that means you have to stay alive. Hang on, because I
As he holds Sherlock’s gaze, John registers the slight waver in his eyes. But the thing about Sherlock, the thing John knows about Sherlock, is that when he has decided on a course of action, he won’t be persuaded to alter that course, even if that decision proves to be to the detriment of a successful outcome and unfortunate personal consequence.
Fifteen minutes, that's probably the limit. When I did the avalanche training that's what they said. If you're buried alive, the most common cause of death is carbon dioxide poisoning and just running out of oxygen. If rescue is within five minutes, ninety percent will survive. By thirty to forty minutes, it's almost zero.
Sex and death, death and sex, those two driving forces of human motivation. They'd led him the way to so many cases being solved. He'd thought himself to be invulnerable to both, but meeting and then loving John Watson had shown him his foolishness. Now, despite escaping death because he loved John too much to let him be killed by Moriarty, here he is wishing he was truly dead.
Jim is brought back to business, however, when the caller tells him something that he was not expecting to hear.
some sustained thought over the past several years, but the sensation in real life was a thousand times more intense, flooding his nervous system with a desire he couldn’t hide.
The conversation doesn't start off well. As far as Sherlock can tell, his boss is visibly angry at him, and he's glad to have Edgar's company even if it's backup he shouldn't need. Somehow, having another person in the room makes him feel that Lestrade might be a bit more polite than if they were just one-to-one. However, as soon as he recognises this relief, he chastises himself. This is what he has to work on, now: not needing others to protect him or to pave the way for him.
"This really does screw us. Damn it, John. He's the star attraction on this team, and has a great future ahead of him here, especially now that he's getting his head around the people issues."
“Do you see here, Mister Anderson, a plan prepared by the Computer Aided Modelling Bureau, and to orientate ourselves, this is the layout of the Old Operating Theatre.”
It’s just biology of course, the splitting of one zygote, two embryos — identical twins. But in this dingy prison, through the fog of exhaustion and pain of withdrawal, it would not be a stretch to imagine that here stands Jim Moriarty, risen from the dead. No doubt, dressed just like the man who he had previously pledged his allegiance to, this version seems to be giving Moran pause as well.
“You agreed to the terms of participating at these meetings.” Helen’s tone was stern.  She knew how to get what she wanted from subservient people.
"I'm just hoping to God that you haven't seen the recent posting on the NHS job site; Great Ormond Street's just started advertising for positions at the new Steadman Unit."
been restrained in Watson’s presence over the last couple of days, but that doesn't mean that he hasn’t been keeping an eye on the man in other ways. Sebastian pulls up Watson's blog and sees the addition to the last entry.
After one ring, a woman’s voice which he instantly realises is a recorded message: “The number you have dialled is no longer in service.”
good, but it's all just showing off, trying desperately to convince everyone that he is the genius that he's always been telling everyone he is.
Sherlock can tell she is taking care to be particularly diplomatic, yet subtly resisting his mother's dismissal of his feelings — and his name. "You must have selectively forgot that I didn't drift away; I
accommodating,” Sherlock smiles widely, all sharky teeth at the butler who is pouring Mycroft’s tea from the silver serving tray on the side table. Life is more fun when one ignores social conventions.
— out of the maelstrom, he latches onto his own ordeal by media, the one big lie wrapped up in lots of little truths about him. Sherlock concedes that Moriarty had been adept at manipulating Kitty O'Riley, giving her enough of his drug habit, his time on the streets, his stints at rehab, all information handed to him by Mycroft. It made the final lie sound trustworthy. Sherlock wracks his increasingly addled brain trying to remember whether the paper that printed it all was part of the CAM empire.
Jim laughs. "I should hope not. That lump of lard needs to work for a living for once. I want him to sweat it out. He tried his damned best to stop me tonight and failed utterly. How embarrassing."
John stops at the doorway but doesn't turn. Stands there for a moment, back to Sherlock. He raises his chin and takes a breath before letting it slowly out. “What’s that got to do with anything?"
Speaking of: John's phone vibrates in his jacket pocket, and he digs it out and activates the face recognition unlock function.
“You’ll have to be a bit more specific, Molly,” Sherlock replied dryly, amusement apparent in his tone. “Even I cannot deduce which day in the lab you mean.”
you, I think I want to give it a go. I don't need you to do it for me, I just need… you. But if it turns out that you think that taking the offer will put this…" he gestures between him and John, "…under intolerable strain, then I will turn it down without any regrets. You matter more to me than any other part of my life, John."
Sherlock looks at you, eyes filled with pain. He closes the notebook and holds it close to his chest. "All this time, I had no idea the amount of pain I inflicted on you. I only saw your anger and knew it to be justified. I am so sorry, John."
"No need to be shirty about it." Sherlock sounds a bit offended. "I told you that you should have considered staying at home if your streptococcal infection is still compromising your strength."
The thought of returning to Baker Street had been too unbearable. If he has lost John… no, there is no
Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock sees Moran's step falter at the Colonel’s words. "If you're so smart, then,” Sherlock pauses to spit out some blood, “why do you need to hide behind the public persona of a twin you despised?"
"Do you see a parallel there to your own life? Have your ASD traits been solely an impediment, or have some of them helped you along in your pursuit of a career in neurosurgery?"
As John storms out of the room, Mycroft looks at Sherlock and raises his brow. “You should think about it. Damage limitation, brother mine.”
An announcement from the band's microphone cuts into the music. Bizarrely, it's in John's voice, calling out, "Isaac? Isaac Whitney?" Sherlock looks at the band, and then back at John, who fades into nothingness. Where he'd held the warm living body close to his, there is now only cold air. Shocked and bereft, Sherlock staggers to a halt, crumples and falls to the floor, closing his eyes in shock and despair.
Sherlock sniffs. “I pay them to spy on people. They are loyal to the pound. Don’t worry," he assures, "I’ll slow him down.”
Sherlock’s decision had resulted in the sort of spectacle that Mycroft had dedicated his entire existence to attempting to avoid. Airing in public the details of his little brother's misdemeanours and drug habits had been unpleasant. Messy. Damaging. Regardless, he had done his job, performed his required role.
“Pity they didn’t all have them out when our victim went for a swim,” Sherlock remarks dryly, as they head across Pancras Square to the cascading water feature where a makeshift tent of tarpaulins has been set up over the lower part.
. Stilling my initial sense of anxiety about the annoying presence of so many people, I push my way into the crowd waiting for the lift to the top of Mont Fort.
"Quite so. There are limitations which I find are best verbalised ahead of time because — as physicians, you must already know this — people are strange. Best to get those on the table right away before we continue." Edgar draws a deep breath, his crossed foot jiggling. "While I shall need to be thoroughly aware of your dietary and culinary preferences I do not cook, I do not clean, nor do I provide sexual favours."
"Some people have the complex. They obsess over one thing and can't let it go. Never mind sleeping or eating… You seem to have healthier daily habits than Sherlock does, at least. He told me you remind him to get lunch." John clears his throat. "Look, I know he can be quite difficult, and I––"
He's left me, I realise before I have a chance to leave him. It's like a sledgehammer to my chest and I feel all the oxygen leave.
In all the hospitals he has worked in, scrubs and drapes have been either blue or green, and he had selected a shade known as Carolina Blue to be the official colour of the Dahl Centre of Excellence for Complex Hydrocephaly. A clean, horizontal line of that colour, Pantone 542C, carrying the title, would be printed on pens, pads, signs. The graphic designer and the architect Sherlock had spoken with had been enthusiastic about the connection between water and blue, and he hadn't let go of the subject no matter how thoroughly Sherlock tried to explain how the colour and consistency of cerebrospinal fluid had little to do with the way the ocean looked blue as it reflected the colour of the sky; its physical and chemical properties are very different from saltwater.
Jim Moriarty. His plot of revenge is motivated by his grief. The recordings he's played about John, trying to torture him …it's all because he
“… I was able to focus on Moriarty's plot. A case which I solved if you haven't noticed. Planes are flying,” his hands flutter in the air, “all the boring people are travelling back from their Christmas holidays, the blackmail case of the century is over, thanks to me, and my 'death.' Not a waste of police time; you weren't needed on this occasion."
"Half a day's clinic, two and a half days of OR time," Lestrade announces. Sherlock can tell it's not a proposal but an order.
Jim's plot is clearly immense. Sitting at the back of the St Ermins boardroom suite and watching the man's manipulation of the press had been like watching a general win a battle single-handed. It still rankles that Jim hadn't trusted him enough to share what was going to happen, but he can't help but push aside his own ego for a moment to appreciate the utter audacity of this latest caper.
Sherlock moves to stand next to John, their shoulders almost touching; he's ostensibly reading the report John is holding, but instead, he's studiously studying his feet.
The words could have been cruel, delivered differently. But the red-headed stranger kept her tone equable, even a bit warm.
"Look, Love… none of us knows what other people get up to in terms of therapy, nor should we. Don't dwell on it tonight. You're in a crap mood, and you've had a bit to drink. You'd be the first to tell me your neurotransmitters are drained and whatnot. Please believe me that you don't embarrass me. Even when you sometimes say… things, when we're socialising, who and what you are is so much more than that and how I feel most of all is always damned proud of you and thinking I must look like such a mediocre bore standing next to you."
"Not long, now." This is whispered into my ear by Sherlock, who has bent his head down and enveloped me in his arms.
Every story needs a Dea Ex Machina, and I'd like to state emphatically that this story's Dea is not myself--that is, not a Mary Sue.
Ella's voice is quiet but encouraging. You want to tell her that coming here is a mistake, that you should never have thought therapy could help, but before you can get the words out, she finishes her sentence.
"It's part-time only in theory. If anything, my workload is likely to increase at least 56% above that of the average––"
"Oh, I already have. Whatever happens to me here, a full file is on its way to Mycroft, with chapter and verse of your little frauds. That first pip? All you did was exploit a known flaw in the plane's Wi-Fi. Child’s play, literally—any 12-year old with a smart phone could have done that. And let's add to that the fact that the zerocleare virus is available to anyone with the right amount of money. And the bitcoin? It disappeared, but not into your account; you just killed the transmission route in. Hardly rocket science, even if you like dressing it up as something more than your common-or-garden variety hacker. It's all hot air.”
"I watched him. I recognised something… my father, he was like it, too. They ski to remind themselves that their mind and their body can do these things together better than he can think. It's an escape. He did not seek maximum speed or the most daring line down. He just enjoyed it. Never wanted to compete or seek danger out on purpose."
A thought occurs: if he wants to pretend that he's fine, what would happen if I play along? I don't want to push him, but l am afraid that leaving him to his own devices will not work.
"On your stomach, that's a good boy," Jim purrs as Sebastian manoeuvres himself into place, sweeping Jim's pillows out of his way and onto the floor.
. Not what I said. You are putting a negative slant on everything. You want to do this shunt, but you don't want to be anyone's boss. Trust me; you don't."
The moment in the lab face-to-face with Moriarty changed it all. I was no longer in control; I never had been. Laughable really, the expected turning point for any protagonist when the plot turns against them. My hidden weakness — my strength. John, always John.
John rolls his eyes; trust Sherlock to be so literal. "Neither. It's a phrase; it means you haven't been talking, so please, talk now."
Edgar's eyes sparkle as he continues, “The language side of things in that Balenciaga job proved difficult since that is not exactly my forte; the Italian fashion world tends to look down on anyone who isn't a native speaker. Turns out the precise field of my employer mattered less than I thought — those years with Gwasalia cemented my belief that I enjoy being an executive assistant. I like change, and I like a new challenge; never worked for a physician before. Especially not a neurosurgeon! I must say I find the notion of clinical medicine a bit… off-putting. Messy, if I may. Requires a pretty strong stomach, I'm sure." He clasps his hands around his kneecap, primly lifted onto his other. "But I shall be
"Fact One: Moriarty is not just casually consulted by a number of criminals. He's a spider; sitting right in the middle of a very large web—a worldwide web of criminal intent—that he uses to do harm for personal gain."
Mrs Burke studies her fingers for a couple of moments and then looks up at him thoughtfully. “Dere's all manner o' place ahn de estate, boeht i can't say i've seen anyone combing ahr goin except fahr Mester Mahran and De Cahlonel.”
"And I've been told just that. I understand your logic. You've also had a stint in Africa, broadening your general surgical skills. Commendable."
He files that thought away, realising that the bruises on his face probably look worse than they feel. Thankfully the swelling around his eyes has eased allowing him, in this moment, to track the progress of his captor towards him. The duct tape across his mouth gives him no means of verbal communication, but he is more than able to speak without words — glaring daggers at Moran.
Taking a deep breath, I let my skis drop over the side and then I am into the power, getting an instant flow. It's a surprise — no matter how many times I ski powder, the sensation is always startling and remarkable. Instead of the hiss and crunch of compacted snow, I am floating. It feels oddly safe even though my controlled, sliding fall down involves nothing that could be called skiing. There is a terrible temptation to let my skis drift from the horizontal to the fall line, to keep going past where the others have stopped. Resisting my instincts, I pull up and wait.
John intercepts it in mid-air and snatches it away. “I’ll be taking that back.” He folds it carefully and then puts it on top of Sherlock’s duffel bag that is now resting at his feet.
The leaflet lists as common side effects a bit of fluid in the joint, bruising which can expand down to the calf, and pain. He's having all of them, and it's been surprising how much this relatively small procedure has affected his wellbeing. He would never have predicted he'd need a low-dose noradrenalin drip during the procedure but apparently, the block caused by a regular dose of spinal anaesthetic tends to rise more aggressively in him than most patients. He has spent years reassuring patients that a high-ish block is not dangerous, just uncomfortable, but since he had not experienced it himself, he had no idea how claustrophobic the feeling of some of his respiratory muscles going numb would be. They'd even given him some midazolam when he started getting antsy on the table, which then led to him stirring some twenty minutes later with an oxygen mask on his face.
As Sherlock turns the corner at the intersection of Great Ormond Street and Boswell Street he looks up, and all the colour drains from his face. He's on the east side of Queen's Square, which means he's looking at the façade of the National Hospital for Neurology, a place that he would prefer to forget. Memories of his time there after his mentor Jan Andreason died crawl out from places in his mind he'd stuffed them in the vain hope that they remain buried. If Stella knew about his difficulties during that time, how the others had turned against him, would she have supported the idea of asking him to lead the new Steadman unit?
His eyes meet mine, frightened. Panicked, those same scared eyes dart over the flat before he buries his face in his hands.
"Then just sleep," John prompts, and reaches down to pull the duvet up to cover Sherlock up to his waist. Sherlock drags it higher, and John notices he's shivering a bit; anaesthesia drugs often mess with a person's body heat regulation. Sherlock always removes his suit jacket, often changes out of his dress shirt as well before having a nap but not after being sedated and certainly not if this groggy and nauseous. He'll be annoyed later if one of his precious suits gets crumpled, but right now, John decides for him that the priority is rest.
She hails a cab from Tavistock Square to Harley Street and tries not to think about the fact that she hadn't been invited to stay at Baker Street instead of a hotel, though she'd called John to tell him she was in town. Her son-in-law has always been civil with her, supportive of her attempts to maintain a good relationship with Sherlock, but even John has acted more distant lately. George had stayed with them for several weeks when he was receiving his radiation treatments, which is why the fact that she is never invited in feels like a punishment. She still doesn't quite understand her son's needs to impose all these new rules upon their interactions. She doubts John is behind all this — John has always been sensible, so that leaves either some particularly extended whim of William's or that therapist's influence. Violet had not been able to get out of that psychiatrist much of an explanation as to why, after shunning all such help for so long, Sherlock is suddenly attending therapy. Is it a good thing? Violet has a niggling fear that there is blame for supposed transgressions being passed around, and much of it is being allocated to her.
"A bit early for that; seems like only yesterday I was at the charity dinner where they announced the funding."
Let's see what sorts of financial shenanigans might come out of this. No content warnings apply to this oneshot. This chapter was betaed by 7PercentSolution.
You move south of the river. A change of scenery is called for when one is trying to move on. It's a place in the middle of "The Dog Kennel Hill Estate" and the area lives up to its name, but it's all you can afford on the army pension and surgery salary.
Magnussen shakes his head slowly from side to side. "How many times have I told you not to lie to me?"
"They will because you're in charge. Making them feel listened to is going to, well, make them more prone to listening to you in turn."
On the one hand he knew it was just consumer capitalism doing what it does best: making people feel unfulfilled. On the other, it was also drizzling lemon juice into the open wound in what passed for his heart.
That's... better. But he realises he can’t even answer that. He doesn’t know what he doesn’t know. Life with John and Rosie is good. Very good.
The revelation is greeted by a guffaw of laughter from her man. "Should'a let it go off; save us all from the bloody politicians." The pair is still giggling as Sherlock gets to his corner, the mattress which he's been claiming for the past three nights. He wonders how many of the other occupants of the room will have registered the conversation and still be able to remember it tomorrow.
"You don't get to make that call!" Sherlock insists, so loud that their driver glances at them in the rear-view mirror.
“Well, for starters, you can stop trying to get Sherlock killed by asking him to do your dirty work.”
Maybe my outburst is a sign that I've been bloody tense, too. "Half of the time, I want to believe that he really
them. The agency said that you would need basic secretarial services three days a week at work, but also wish for assistance in other areas of life." Edgar smiles encouragingly at Sherlock.
Surprisingly, and a little disappointingly, Watson, who had been quick to take the bait outside the Coroner's court the last time they saw each other, hadn't done so this time; there's no response yet to his comment on the blog.
Watching her stumble about, trying to mirror Irina's steps backwards, Sherlock's memory stutters sideways, conjuring an old image: John, trying to do the same steps, following him as they moved from the living room into the kitchen and then down the hall towards his bedroom. Since the hallway has no mirrors, Sherlock had been forced to rely on the sound of John's shoes on the wooden floorboards to estimate how far off his attempts were. In some ways, it had been a relief that way; it had been much harder to avoid looking at John while they danced in hold. The more he had looked, the more it had been difficult to control the emotional turmoil that had been with him ever since he'd left Hartswood Manor*. He knows he's depressed, and he knows why.
The next four weeks pass in a frenzy. Sherlock seems to shed some of his anxiety and gains an enthusiasm that's a joy for John to observe. He seems keen to involve himself in all the minutiae of the founding of the new centre: networking with other hospitals to establish research links so his project won't duplicate but can draw in their work in a way that will make GOSH the centre of excellence the Trust wants. He interviews the GOSH HR managers and selects one that seems to have a grasp of what he needs without being a witless bureaucrat, and they get to work on drawing up the organisational chart. Now that the ball is rolling, Sherlock seems much less worried about interviewing potential trainees, consultants and the biomedical engineer candidates, designing offices and other workspaces, and working his way through the bureaucracy and paperwork needed to put the project plan together.
Sherlock hangs up the call and closes his eyes. John grits his teeth and fixes his eyes on the road ahead.
Returning from lunch at the kebab shop on the corner – where they'd gotten his order wrong – John had dropped his phone and cracked the screen.
Sebastian moves to obey, easing himself down carefully to the shower floor so as not to aggravate the stitches.
“Hello!” Surprise and pleasure are evident in her voice. She gives one of her husky-throated laughs, “Chance would be a fine thing, Sherlock Holmes. I’m home alone, just me and a glass of Chardonnay, catching the latest Scandinavian thriller on the box. To what do I owe the honour of a call from the world’s only consulting detective?” There is always a slight tease in her voice; he'd noticed that at the wedding.
pulse readings borderline with supplemental oxygen, pulse rate low but all these have improved now."
Sherlock’s cock slides roughly against John’s belly as he moves above him, over him. He anchors himself in the thought that this is still them. That they can still be this,
Surprisingly, Moran stifles the urge to strike him. So, Sherlock goes at it again, trying to add fuel to the fire to bring it to a blazing roar. “So quick to switch loyalties, weren’t you? The schoolboy crush you betrayed your country for, the one who turned you into a traitor — he isn’t even buried yet and here you are sucking up to his brother. Has he taken you to his bed, too? Is he an improvement?”
is finished with a flourish, Holmes goes back and adds a smiley face, with another dot joining the one over the letter '
He nodded and forced a chuckle, arranging his features into something that he hoped looked appropriately chastised.
John leans towards the microphone. "November third, just before sunset on the roof of St Bartholomew hospital."
He entertains her with a story of his case in one of London's up-market hotel spas. "Before John," he points out when he explains that it required him to deliver massages to well-heeled businessmen and wealthy tourists on their holidays. It had led him to a gang running three Turkish baths in London, all of which were pulling in significant revenues by laundering money along with the towels used in the steam rooms. "I spent a lot of time pummelling male flesh and massaging aching muscles."
He’s not quite prepared to share his suspicions with Mycroft yet, but he is sure that that there is something in Moriarty’s history that holds the answers to the man himself. His choice of weapons for example. Sherlock hadn’t been sure until he saw what was in the wooden case that Moran had been carrying. Slick in his modern Westwood suit but proving himself something else by the choice of ancient pistols rather than a Glock.
"According to Sherlock, GOSH has done some high-level parlay between Trusts and King's has shown the deal some green light since there's already some co-operation between them and us." John lifts his hands up in placation. "I know it's still bloody poaching, but at least they're being polite about it, and sharing."
What if he fixes it? Dismantles the rest of Moriarty’s network? Show’s John what it’s like to work on a case again. Maybe then … them? The way it used to be. Chasing down criminals at all hours of the night, returning exhausted, tumbling into bed and waking in each other’s arms. Slow sleepy mornings and adrenaline-filled highs, at each other’s sides, having each other’s backs ...
He had to give her the background she needed to be helpful. And when had he ever spilled his private life into the lap of a stranger because she looked kind, and still, and discreet? How was this his life?
After all, that's what the school and all of the professionals did, more or less subtly, all those years ago. They didn't think she could help her son or that she could handle him. It was obvious the village school was detrimental to his well-being, but home-schooling was so new back then, and one of the therapists had the gall to suggest she'd never be able to make him focus enough since she wasn't a trained professional. That's why they recommended he be removed and taken somewhere else, perhaps even some live-in school or institution for severely disabled children. The dolt of a headmaster at the village school had even insinuated that Violet wasn't being very realistic about her son's chances of making it through elementary school. Why couldn't they see that William never did those disruptive things in class out of malice? There was never any telling what could upset him, disturb him, or overwhelm him. They never even tried to anticipate what he would find difficult. They didn't
The stutter of coordination between his tongue and hands is noticed. Jim growls, "Concentrate, Tiger." There is warning in that order, and it goes straight to Sebastian's cock, making it bob up, seeking friction of its own. When Jim allows him to take a less passive role, when the boss isn't inflicting pain as a way of stimulating his own sexual appetite, it somehow excites Sebastian even more.
John smiles wistfully. "No, it's not that always that simple, but it is probably simpler than you think. You don't have to be their friend — a boss can't really be that. It's always a bit of a lonely spot, but maybe you'll adapt to that better than most. Just listen to them, don't belittle them, and you'll do fine."
Whatever delight Sherlock had experienced at a puzzle piece dropping neatly into place sours at the sight of his brother. “Mycroft,” he remarks, pressing a button to end the call and assuming a tone of boredom as he unwinds the scarf from his neck and places it on the hook next to the door, “how unfortunate to see you.”
In any other situation, Sherlock might welcome the pharmacological enhancement, fascinated as he was from his youth by his readings of Freud’s praise of it as a ‘magical substance’ and his lauding of its stimulant and anti-depressive effects. The physician had claimed to have experienced no addictive effect, and Sherlock was equally convinced of the same himself when at the age of fifteen, he began to experiment. Prompted by the memory, his overstimulated brain tears off on another tangent.
Quieter, with an undertow of concern, she continues. “You have been exonerated from any involvement in the conspiracy, and will not be subjected to any of the investigations. Go home, Doctor Watson. The press have been cleared from Baker Street now. You won’t be bothered.”
“Sherlock, they believed you. They just couldn’t hold him without evidence. At least he didn’t kill any more women after they let him go. Greg had him picked up on your word, and he tried to find enough to charge him. It just didn’t happen. You know all this as well as I do.” Of course he knows, but it’s not in Sherlock’s nature to accept the machination of law when it runs contrary to his own unshakeable logic.
It always annoys Sherlock when she sounds like she has a solid theory but is concealing it and trying to fish out his distorted thinking. "Our schedules haven't coincided yet. But there is another reason. I don't want him to think I don't want to work with him or need his help."
Neither John nor Mary spoke, and the naked man trying to hide behind the pillow he clutched at his groin just looked between them, mouth opening and closing, but no sound coming out.
With his back to her, she can't see him rolling his eyes. Sherlock fills two mugs, puts two teaspoons of sugar in his own and delivers the coffee to the little Indian table beside John's chair, taking his own seat opposite. If it feels odd to see her in John's chair, at least it hurts less than seeing it empty.
To be honest, he'd pleased she's there. Molly had dropped by the flat yesterday after the inquest and hovered in the doorway, seemingly unsure of her welcome. He’d been too exhausted for small talk and had been grateful when had she stated that the purpose of her visit was just to see whether he would be alright if she attended the inquest the next day. He didn't really have an opinion either way last night, but now, he’s quite grateful that there is at least one friendly face here.
"Before you are out for the count, you should know I ordered in from Peking Palace," John says, "But it'll keep if you're still feeling icky."
Sebastian eyes him, concerned that he is being banished. But no, that doesn't seem to be Jim’s intention.
“You'll be in need o' a car.” She jerks her head in the direction of the tradesman’s entrance. “Ooeht de side, gate access is in de centre cahnsole.”
, isn't he — he's the one preparing an internal 'told you so' lecture to beat himself up with if he fails?
“Nothing to forgive. It’s already forgotten. Let’s just have a quite night in tonight, yeah? Pick up some takeaway after work, maybe watch that film you’ve been asking me to watch with you.. what was it, the one with the librarian and the woman?”
He slams shut the six laptops and immediately pinches the bridge of his nose. It's been five days since he had any real sleep. Coffee and cigarettes are all that have been fueling him, and there are limits to their effectiveness. And he needs to be effective NOW! He scratches the crook of his left elbow, and then stares at his fingers.
The police officer escorting him to the desk to collect his things tells him that it’s his lucky day. “Seems you’ve got friends in high places. The assault charges have been dropped.”
It's only gone six in the evening, and the extra shift is already starting to feel like it is going to last forever as John is stomping down the theatre floor's main corridor on his way back from having a quick cup of tea. He's having to split his attention between keeping an eye on a fledgeling registrar and handling a challenging continuous-spinal-and-sedation for a hip fracture. The patient has dementia, severe COPD combined with obesity and sleep apnoea, he's confused and combative, and the sedation has to be adjusted just so that he continues breathing but doesn't try taking a swing at the orthopaedist.
“So, that was the plan? He was sent … no, tethered like a fucking goat as bait, to flush Moriarty out, confirm his existence, give the Americans a location?”
At the same time as he takes a breath to calm himself, two suited government types enter the room. John's first thought—that they are bodyguards—is quickly dispelled when one of the men says to Mycroft, "Sir, you need to come with me now. There is an urgent meeting at the Cabinet Office where your presence is required."
It had been enough to catch Mycroft Holmes’ attention and to lead to the proposition that his talents could be put to better use. And the rest was, well, history now.
Joanna wouldn't claim to know John Watson very well — they'd only had two sessions together, but rarely had she seen such a devoted partner in a union of a neurotypical and an autistic individual. John had sought her advice because he had wanted to better understand how Sherlock functioned and what he found difficult in their relationship. How little Watson had seemed to consider such things before spoke volumes about how he saw his partner above all as their own person and not a diagnosis but admittedly, John may have also been quite ill-informed about how profoundly affected Sherlock's everyday life was by his neuroatypicality. The events surrounding John's battlefield injury and Sherlock's time in a halo vest had been a wake-up for the man in how profoundly ASD affected his partner even when at times when there were no visible signs of that strain. Clearly, it was very important for John to be able to look after his spouse — Joanna had sensed an intense protective streak there, which is why she is raising this subject now.
Sherlock nods. "You invented a better job description — 'the only one in the world'." He looks slightly amused, but not malignantly so.
, but now I see what it means when we don't waste the evening and weekend hours we have together doing mundane, boring things."
John scans the room and his senses go on high alert when he takes in the figure sitting with his back to them on the beige and white patterned sofa — Moriarty! John’s hand instinctively reaches for the gun at his back, but then stills as he registers that both Mycroft and Sherlock are calmly taking a seat on the sofa to the side. Circling round to the front, the reason for both brothers’ relaxed demeanour becomes abundantly clear. If the pallor of the man's face isn’t enough of an indication that he no longer poses an active threat, the bloody wound -  apparent through the grey dress shirt between the third and the fourth ribs, and the knife resting in his hand, confirm it in absolute. That the expensive fabric of the sofa is awash in a sea of red that has seeped from the wound, simply serves to underscore what Mycroft had said — no longer a threat.
@johnlocklover221 has produced an amazing fanvid for both Between the Fall and the Creation and the mirror story, In Madness Lies Sanity. Using the words of Alan Watts, some of whose poetry is embedded in the poem that is quoted in both stories. Watch it
When Sherlock responds, it’s not to the Colonel, instead it’s directly at the camera and through it at Moran. "
Drawing a deep breath before letting it out in a big sigh, John shakes his head. "I'm not going to make this any worse. Lead the way."
The moment when he’d realised that there were wheels within wheels and it was all too complicated for him to understand had come when Moriarty showed up at Kitty’s, and the Richard Brook scenario unfolded. After that John kept losing the plot. Then Sherlock had disappeared in the taxi on his own, leaving John standing in the street open-mouthed in surprise. After that the nightmare just got more and more terrifying.
"Not one of the classics," Sherlock had explained to Mycroft. "You'll have to learn all the lines on this one."
Patel purses his lips. "It sounds like you are less than committed to this than we were led to believe. We can bend the rules a bit, but we can't break them."
Edgar's expression now grows more determined and serious. "The difference between an assistant just barely worthy of their paycheck and a great one is that I don't just meet expressed needs — I build a knowledge base and a system with each client that enables me to
Sherlock had let himself be used. Why would Sherlock have done that? Why would Sherlock let him do that? What would make him do that?
"If I understood what you said, you would still be working at King's for three days a week. How much do you actually work
John’s face was luminous in the firelight, his eyes smiling. His hands slid to Sherlock’s shoulder blades and in tandem down to his arse, and oh, Sherlock had given
I leave him there with his head in his hands and make my way to my bedroom. I stop before I reach the doorway and turn back to him
Angrily, Sherlock shuffles that emotional drivel out of his way. It's a sign that his control of the stimulation is way past its peak; it's all downhill from now on. He wonders about a second dose.
Sherlock is fast asleep, which is not unusual — he's not a morning person, nor is he ever the first out of bed. But, there's something about his breathing that catches John's attention. It's a bit fast and a bit shallow.
suggest it's just because I'm his charity case. You never ask whether I actually enjoy my work, what things I want out of life and if I have obtained them."
John waved towards the pile of flowers on the kitchen table, “Us, cases, the work. Are you expecting everything just to go back to the way it was before? You and me working cases together?”
‘Stay.’ It's just one word, but it's the whole world to John. He'd kept his touch strictly medical, focused on his patient's wounds, trying desperately to
"Then try something new." She leans back, tucking her long slim legs beneath the chair again. "It doesn't have to be a blog or a journal; write fiction, write poetry. It doesn't have to be about him. Just write. Let some of what you are feeling out. Expose your thoughts to the air, to the page. Better out than in, as the old saying goes."
"I-- It is...possible that I may have experienced--" he clears his throat-- "something similar during my...time away. Theoretically speaking, of course, hardly in a position to be formally diagnosed," he says, as emotion threatens to derail his voice.
"Nice try.” John snorts, waving his right hand at the man's wrists. Moran has kept them pressed flat against each other, maintaining some wiggle room between them. "I wasn't born yesterday. Crossed, and pulled again," John commands.
Edgar still looks expectant, as though Sherlock hasn't quite provided a reason for his initial comment about never anticipating a long union.
Locating his rental amongst a sea of other similar vehicles, he clicks the door release and tosses the backpack into the trunk of the grey Volkswagen Golf. Five doors, six-speed manual transmission. Compact. Basic — not a Land Rover — but it will do the trick — allowing him to travel largely unnoticed on rural Northern Irish roads.
John was used to the tone with which Sherlock spat out the words. “I’m just saying, these people are vulnerable, they’re—”
"Perhaps if you were less distracted by that wretched blog, you'd be able to focus more on the real problem facing us."
There's a flicker of annoyance across Mary's eyes, but she follows Janine through the turnstyle and into the corridor. It's still crowded with dancers; the changeover at five o'clock is one of the busiest. Janine heads for the far end, passing the door to the studio where the sign signals
"Now," Jim's voice brings him back and he focuses, intently. "Feel free to keep your jealousy, your rage, your possessiveness. But from here on in, Sebbie, you don't so much as step a toe out of line in displaying those emotions. If I want Watson roughed up or disposed of, I will give the order, not you. He's the last piece of personal influence on Mycroft Holmes, now that his little brother topped himself, and I can't use him as leverage if you take him out."
I am with Janine here. I find the salsa really difficult to get. I can manage the cha cha cha fine, but there is something about both the rumba and the salsa that my brain and feet cannot comprehend.
"When I get to do what I enjoy, what I do best, I doubt neurotypicals even realise how good it feels," Edgar says. "I like to think that the scale of experience, for me, is larger than for most people. The highs are very high indeed, and the lows––"
He shakes his head, dismissing that train of thought as he ascends the stairs, smiling at Rosie’s exuberant greeting at her father.
Edgar settles back into the chair. "I did work in fashion for several years. My last assistant engagement before this one was with Demna Gwasalia — if you follow the field, you may have heard of him as the head designer for Balenciaga. Perfectly fascinating, but I wanted to return to England once my contract ran out though he did offer me a permanent position." He sighs. "There's nothing quite like London, is there?"
“I didn’t count,” Molly replied, glancing up at him as he prepared to argue and giving him a smile. “Then. I didn’t count then. But he did.”
A full minute goes by without a response. Sherlock checks the time on his phone: 6am. Seriously, how much sleep does the man need? Just as he considers the highly unsavoury option of actually phoning, the three dancing dots appear ...
My thanks also for the musical inspiration of the incomparable @johnlocklover221/Dovahlock221 on AO3 to whom I am forever indebted for their BakerEdits fanfic video
He wanted to ignore it, to dismiss all of it as simple coincidence, wishful thinking, utter and complete nonsense. He wanted to tear up the slip of paper and forget it ever happened. To have a quiet evening in with his girlfriend and apologize for his outburst and move on with his life. But he found that he… couldn’t. The faintest flicker of hope that had sprung to life had fanned into flames with the message on the card and now sought to consume him. He’d never done anything halfway. Why start now?
He hadn’t actually expected to say anything. Content (well, content wasn’t the word at all) but resigned to another night of dinner eaten in silence. But seeing Sherlock hovering there anxiously, the evidence of his nicotine substitution poking out at the edges of his dressing gown sleeve, John had seen red. What has Sherlock got to be stressed about? It wasn’t like John had pretended to be dead for the last two months and Sherlock had been turning himself inside out with the grief.
Sherlock carefully picks up the USB stick between two gloved fingers and peers at it. "Was it like this when you got in here?"
John finally manages to drag himself out of bed and into the shower just after midday the next day. The two paracetamol tablets do little to alleviate the incessant pounding in his head — that would require something approaching a large-animal tranquillizer — and he can’t even begin to think about food. Eyes closed, he sits in his chair, nursing the mother of all hangovers, trying to ignore the entire world, and more specifically at that moment, Sherlock, who he knows is sitting across from him studying him intently.
She took to twirling a lock of red hair, idly but rhythmically. She seemed to sense he was waiting for a reply, though she’d been the one to speak last.
John has absolutely no idea what the answer is to that question and even less of an idea about what he is going to do once he gets there. Right now, his head is swimming and the room is spinning as the Scotch roils about in his stomach. And he is so distracted by both those things that it takes him a second longer than it should when he reaches into the drawer at his bedside table to realize that there is a glaringly empty space where his gun ought to be.
It’s later, much later, as they are lying sprawled and satiated, that Sherlock feels John’s belly move with a chuckle. He makes an inquisitive sound, too blissed out to ask properly what John could possibly find funny in the moment. Though he does rather feel like laughing, himself.
He carries on walking down the stairs as he waits for Sherlock to continue. When the silence lengthens, he frowns. Sherlock never calls him during office hours just to chat. Sherlock never calls him just to chat, period. Sherlock never calls
“No," John cuts him off, holding up a finger in warning, “you really can’t. So, what is it Mycroft, some sort of secret family fortune that you need your brother out of the way to be able to collect? Because you seem to be doing your damned best to put him in harm's way.”
"But he was upset," the DI cuts in. "I mean, he was always upset, you know, annoyed at himself when he couldn't solve a case. But yeah, I'd say he was upset."
Janine's mood tonight is playful and she giggles as he manoeuvres her through the spin turns in and out of the corners. The music is fun, lively and cheerful, which adds to her amusement:
Jim stops only when they are standing toe to toe. The two men are nearly the same height, but Sebastian's considerable muscle weight gives him quite a different physical profile, something that he knows appeals to the Irishman. Jim raises a hand to Sebastian's face, delighting in the struggle that Sebastian knows must playing out across his features. Because as good a poker player as he is, he can never bluff Jim.
It doesn't matter why this place was chosen. If he's to finish the job he started when he faked his own death, what difference does it make where it happens? A crime scene is a crime scene, but he's going to be the victim this time, so he can ensure that the perpetrators get the justice they deserve. If it's going to take his death to provide Mycroft with the abitilty to take action, then at least Moriarty's successor will be taken out and Moran will be dead or behind bars.
John gives Mike a moment to scan the front side and then flip the page over to the back. Mike finishes reading and lifts his head up to look at John thoughtfully. “What are you thinking?”
The boy's a tad too willing, and perhaps Jim's nerves are set a little highly strung at the moment, but it doesn't take him long. Bent over and with his face crammed into the high back of the black leather chair, Carlton takes Jim's savage thrusting with some stoicism, probably willing himself to endure it in the hope of getting a bigger tip.
"Yeah, people are going to disagree with you, and you are going to keep saying stuff that shocks them, but that's a part of what they're going to remember from this place. Stories they're going to tell over wine and bloody cheese forty years from now will be about the fact that they worked with you, and that you had a memorable personality on the side of being utterly brilliant and inventing the best shunt anyone has ever seen."
Well south of the Shard and east of Kennington, where the neighbourhoods of St Saviours, Elmington and Willowbrook come with the tell-tale add-on of "Estate", the area becomes a wild west of no fewer than eight competing gangs. Their battleground is pock-marked with the crumbling remnants of industrial London once serviced by the row housing of workers. Victorian slum clearance down here has left only the concrete monstrosities of sixties and seventies tower blocks and council housing that not even hard-up office workers will try to gentrify. These streets have become the canvas of the dispossessed, the frustrated, the left-behinds.
Sebastian grumbles to himself as he noses the Porsche out of the garage onto the tight Soho lane. Spending a whole day sitting in court listening to a bunch of people blowing hot air is not his idea of fun. He distracts himself by focusing on the driving.
John had been worried when the idea of splitting Sherlock's time had first been discussed. "Do you wish you'd swapped it around, three days here and two at King's?"
"Then what about after the show? It's not all work; I like to play, too, and you'd be one helleva playmate."
“No, no, I just want to talk to you,” John insists loudly, still advancing, knowing it's probably not a great idea but not knowing what else to do.
Mycroft adopts a neutral tone. "We keep an eye on people like Jim Moriarty—criminals with the potential to raise their game. before now his activities here in the UK have been rather … mundane, and were being investigated by the Metropolitan Police. They decided not to prosecute for lack of evidence."
Hours later, he is still sitting there, on the edge of his bed, staring into nothing. And downstairs he knows Sherlock is still there, sitting, staring at the hearth that has long gone cold. John looks down at his boots. Stained with the dirt, the mud of the Heath. His trouser legs splattered with the same. He had known, when he had laced them up in the morning, that there was never going to be a fairytale ending. He had resigned himself to the fact that it might have been Moriarty behind it all, making him believe that Sherlock was alive.
Unsurprisingly, Branger is down very quickly. He draws our attention to the two rocky fins jutting through the snow. "Once you are through those, the next two hundred meters are easier. At the bottom, you reach the Glacier du Petit Mont Fort; stop on its very right side. I am going to be third in line, so I can keep an eye on those of you in front and those behind. Holmes, you go first."
I am watching this confrontation with a growing sense of unease. Sherlock is ramping up his arrogant son-of-a-bitch act to full volume, and it is going down badly if the look on the woman's face is anything to go by.
. Not groomed, but it is marked and patrolled to ensure the conditions are good enough for the amount of traffic it gets. The only other thing to be aware of is that it is not controlled for avalanches. Today, the avalanche rating of 2 out of 5 is only moderate,and none of the slopes are showing any visible signs of stress, which is why I had decided to leave my emergency backpack at the chalet. Tomorrow — off piste — it will be necessary. Here, it is just one more encumbrance I can do without.
Sitting in the circle are six women besides Violet and the psychiatrist. Though Violet is much older than the other participants, Doctor Pichler introduces her simply by her first name, explaining that they like to keep things informal. The psychiatrist doesn't specify whether she is to join the group or even if she has children on the Spectrum. Violet is surprised only to receive empathetic nods and hellos from the group instead of inquiries as to who exactly she is. Surely, quite intimate details of people's lives are discussed here that some anonymity might be helpful, but she feels like an intruder.
Mycroft puts on some music — always classical with the Holmes brothers — and it makes me think of home, of Sherlock playing the violin in just his pants and a dressing gown, swaying to the music.
Thankfully, John had grabbed a handful of those posh tissues from the table when he'd returned to the sofa, and Sherlock accepts one with a grateful nod.
"May I remind Jurors that you have a duty here to determine who died, when they died, where they died and how they died. Evidence heard yesterday confirms that the blood found at the Old Operating Theatre in Southwark had been identified through DNA as being from William Sherlock Scott Holmes. Medical opinion has been given that the blood was fresh and shed some time between midnight and three o'clock in the morning on November 3rd. That is the 'who' and the 'when'. The question of whether, in the absence of a body, it is possible to determine that Mister Holmes died was considered by medical professionals. According to their testimony, the quantity of blood involved makes survival highly unlikely without acute hospital treatment and no such treatment was recorded being given to a patient fitting the description of Mister Holmes on the night in question.
Mike considers it, then agrees with himself, nodding. “Yes, even that much wouldn't be a problem. It would take a pretty amazing set up, but maybe survival is possible.”
“Gregory, "Mycroft corrects before continuing, "might be inclined to be more helpful if you could be bothered to remember his name. Speaking of consequences.”
"Yeah, well, the problem isn't at King's. You just mentioned Great Ormond Street and well…" John waits for the other shoe to drop, biting the inside of his cheek.
"Some inbuilt escape tunnel isn't going to make it easier to actually do it, and I don't want to see you upset if it all goes tits-up," John pleads. "I bet everyone sometimes wishes we could just sort just out the concrete stuff and not have to deal with people's problems and assumptions and demands and just the… plain humanity of healthcare. If I find it really hard sometimes, and time-consuming, then how would you…"
The little bronze kneeling warrior is moved to the leather and chrome chair. She puts Billy in your chair. In the reflection from the mirror at the back of the display cabinet you are dusting you can see her rubbing her hands on her pinny. She and Sherlock had waged war over that skull; when he was being particularly obnoxious, Mrs Hudson would remove it. Of course, Sherlock would have been able to deduce where she'd hidden it, but never did. It would suddenly reappear, a symbol of her patience and forgiveness.
Sherlock yawns as they walk down the corridor towards the main entrance. The bouncy energy with which he'd received John for a visit seems to have fizzled out. Had he actually been
His stomach grumbles.  He’d declined the lunch tray offered at the police station, and now he’s both hungry and thirsty. He wanders into the kitchen, past a half-completed experiment that Sherlock had been working on before the American ambassador’s children had been kidnapped.
Why on earth you think that is better than me being back at the chalet where I could actually get some rest?"
Sebastian is more than a little concerned about Jim’s skill with this particular tool. Sebastian wasn’t joking when he said this type of knife wasn’t meant for this sort of thing. It’s too long to enable any delicacy. The modern incarnations (he’s had reason to see a few in use in his time) are more precise. They still do the job of cutting through muscle, fat and bone admirably, but they can be procured in a variety of lengths to optimise results and minimise … mistakes. This one. A relic from the 19th century, is not in the least bit optimal.
Sherlock eyes flutter open. The pain and the exhaustion are apparent, and it breaks John’s heart a little bit more.
Dropping into the darkness, his damp boots make a dull thud as he lands on the metal floor. The stench is stronger now that he's in the space, the diesel and mold and damp almost overwhelming and joined now by the smell of … a signature odor of camphor and menthol joined with capsicum extract and methyl salicylate. It's an odd scent, slightly medicinal and he knows instinctively that it doesn't belong here but can't quite place it.
He had left Knightsbridge around 11 pm last night with his brother still sitting in his armchair, this time with a glass of whisky by his side and his mobile in his hand. As he had made his way down the hall to the front door, Mycroft had called out to him.
. He is, at best, terrible at picking apart his emotions; as a child and teenager, he always reacted on instinct instead of conducting any kind of self-reflection."
As I sip the chocolate, I keep stealing glances up the valley, which finally makes him laugh. "You waiting for your girlfriend? You've got
. He puts the tray down on the small side table next to Sherlock's chair. Edgar readily accepts a cup which he holds primly, and at John's prompting picks up a HobNob from the plate.
He shakes his head to try to distract himself, but that just sends a galaxy of blinding stars shooting through his field of vision. Out of the corner of his eye, he spots another new addition in the corner, a fan, (presumably) being used to vent the remaining traces of drug from the air. He uses the steady hum of its whirring blades as a point of focus, trying to tamp down the rush of dizziness that is making him want to lie down or vomit — neither option viable in his current situation.
This Christmas, he'd wanted to calm Sherlock with the one distraction that took his case-solving mind off The Work. As early as October, John had started thinking about how they would spend their first Christmas properly together—in bed. He'd imagined the man's touch—a honied, silken stroke of those elegant fingers across John's skin. Then he'd hand over that small box, wrapped up carefully and know that Sherlock would have deduced its content before he'd even opened it to reveal the ring.
The photo loaded and Sherlock had to bite back a yell, glancing around at the crowded Berlin café where he’d been tucked for the better part of an hour. He’d been tracking the last of Moriarty’s network across the entire continent for the last three months, always turning up just moments too late. Elusive and slippery, this final piece of the puzzle had last made their whereabouts known somewhere near Prague. Hoping to have figured out their pattern, Sherlock had thought he might be able to ambush them in this café. So close. He was so close to being finished with all of this nonsense. Soon, he’d get to go home.
"Oh yes, such a sad state of affairs, the brilliant detective offing himself as a result of a lover's tiff. Tut, tut."
That same soldier's instinct is what allows him to compartmentalise, to be able to put aside his own feelings, his desperate need to know why Sherlock could have done such a thing, lied through his teeth, planned his own fake death, left him to mourn and grieve. Such a monstrous thing…
He doesn't say no, so I offer my arm, which he accepts so he can pull himself to a sitting position. I realise it's been at least six hours since he's had any pain meds, so we'll need to sort that out in the kitchen. His hair is a mess, and he looks tired. He needs food and fluids and something else to do than obsessing about avalanche physics.
Branger explains: "The Phantom Couloir is excellent but steep and very exposed — a three-hundred-meter drop at a forty-nine-degree angle. A definite no-fall zone. There is a dangerous cliff at the start, and a point about halfway down where you have to take a hard left or you will go straight over another cliff edge. The danger is hard to spot unless you know it's there. This time, I am going to go first, to show you the proper line. Stick to it like glue, and you will have no problem."
Sherlock can't stop the smile. Now he has to hope that Moran will recognise that confession and let it break whatever flimsy ties are holding him back.
I've never heard anyone make the normally sensual, soft French language sound so brutal. He's not even listening to her, just repeating the same petulant things like a broken record. Doing it in her language is hardly going to trick the psychiatrist.
How many times had he resorted to this jibe to try to keep Sherlock's incandescent mind from self-combusting? With the brain of a scientist or a philosopher, his brother could have been anything he wanted to be. Mycroft always thought that it was that the boy simply lacked the discipline to stay the course—the discipline that had made Mycroft into an asset of the country, even if he operated in the shadows, the back corridors of power. Unlike politicians or ambitious civil servants, Mycroft has always seen himself as above all that—objective, logically calculating, able to make the difficult choices without fear or favour. But with the choices he had made in relation to Jim Moriarty, not as clever as he'd thought he was.
“What do you mean? He’s still an arsehole. An opinionated arrogant arsehole who has absolutely no regard for the thoughts or feelings of others.”
Holmes, you will be seated, please." There is little politeness in the words and little amusement in her tone of voice. She must have heard the tense conversation which had taken place just before she'd made her presence known.
Mycroft, the man who recruited Moran to keep an eye on Moriarty, to see if that maniac's brand of genius could somehow be twisted to serve the interests of the state. Ever since Morocco, John's felt very uncomfortable with Mycroft's refusal to be totally honest with Sherlock and him. He'd felt
She waits, watching, while Jim finishes the message and then exaggeratedly pokes the off icon and returns the phone to his pocket. The Coroner then nods and asks the Assistant to show the jury in, swearing each one of them in by turn … "inquire into the death" … "true determination according to the evidence"
. "So, it's never you, is it? You're the patron saint of good parenting, the perfect mother. A bloody Saint Mary."
His blood runs cold at the sight of the dead man seated behind the wheel. Then there’s a flood of rage that quickly follows as his brain kicks into gear — not Jim, the twin brother — and it’s only the desperate need to get to Sherlock as quickly as possible that prevents him from turning Mrs. Burke’s car directly into the path of the oncoming vehicle and running it off the road. The (not Jim) Moriarty doesn’t pay him any mind, and the cars pass each other silently. John doesn’t have much time to dwell on the interaction (or lack thereof) as the next moment he just about drives past his exit, pulled up just in time by a sign on the side of the road, indicating the location shooting grounds to the left.
One of the laptops pings, and he whirls about to snatch it from the table. This is the one he has open to John's blog. Whatever else is happening, and despite Mycroft’s directions to ‘ignore your Doctor’, Sherlock is still worried about John getting involved, getting so close to the truth that he does something to make himself into a target once again.
"Wait. Let me look at the menu." Sherlock steps to the side as a party of expensively dressed Americans arrives for the maître d to fawn over.
Oddly, Sebastian doesn't regret for one moment the fact that provoking Watson—hell, even getting himself arrested—brought him back to Jim's attention. That the idea of Sherlock Holmes being alive rattled Jim beyond anything Sebastian had witnessed, and had also given Sebastian a frisson of fear, yet also power. Being the object of Jim's anger is better than being ignored.
) though the sound does carry so he has been treated, upon occasion, to some dubious musical offerings.
He says 'we', but I suspect it will be Branger's call. While we wait, he gets us to swap phone numbers so that if there is a signal, we can stay in touch if we get separated.
That fact worries him, to the point where he decides to do here what he never did before the wedding. Sherlock strides across the wooden floor and taps Mary on the shoulder. "I'm cutting in."
As he did, she chewed slowly on the fresh scone the waiter had brought with the hot water. Funny, he no longer felt hungry. — Glancing down, he saw the plate her first scone had been served on, sitting in front of him and quite empty.
There's enough of a warning tone in her voice that it makes John put his tea cup down. She returns to her seat and sets her shoulders primly. "There is no lease
"She knows that skiing is who I am. She could not love the person I am if she did not know and accept this. Good night, Mister Watson. When he wakes, tell him that I came by to see him. I have passed all his insurance information to the emergency and evacuation services; they should not charge you anything, but you may need to sign some papers."
Dressed in a short dark jacket, over jeans and trainers, Sebastian sees that Sherlock has something in his hand, which he is shaking vigorously.
Do you think that I'm suddenly going to go doolally because I got stuck in some snow? Why are you taking her side? What's going on here? Has Mycroft been making calls again? You haven't told my mother, have you?" There is warning in his blazing eyes that if this is the case, there will be hell to pay.
"You say I'm being paranoid about other people talking about me?" he accuses. "It's not paranoia when it's already happened, is it?"
John fiddled with his glass, staring down at it, then looked up unsmiling. No answer. But the impression held: it
When it is my turn, I come over the ridge blinking into the bright sunlight, enough to bother me even through the goggles. Looking down, I can now see the clear evidence down the chimney of where the others have been. The first hard left turn comes much sooner than I had thought it would; without the guide's warning, I can see how someone could easily be lured into thinking the centre line was simply a brief rise to be topped before continuing on soft snow. The route to follow may be clear, but what I suddenly realise is how the previous skiers have exposed the character of the snow; I must be on my best game here to avoid a fall. The crosswind blowing from the east is fierce here, driven down from the Grand Désert glacier rising to our left. The snow beneath my skis will have powder in a few places, but there are patches of wind-compacted snow which cracks in sheets rather than blowing up in a cloud. Even that variation alone will make this descent more difficult than the first one. And that's not all: just by looking down, I can see that there are even barer patches where the powder has blown away entirely, and the passage of the other four skiers has cut into what's left, leaving a hard, icy snow surface which is reflecting the sun's glare.
Hours later, the notebook has been well and truly christened. Three pages full of scratching out, fragments chopped and changed, arrows darting across the page to move a word or two somewhere else. If it had been a single sheet of paper, it would have been balled up and thrown into the bin ages ago. You'd taken to pacing about the room, counting out the syllables in your head as you walked, trying to find something, writing it down and then pacing again when the words on the page can't match what you want to say. Every time you think you might have something, the Sherlock in your head argues
I can't resist a dig. "So, while Mycroft and I pootle around on the easy stuff, I hope you are taking time to get your ski legs back."
In front of me to my right suddenly a spot of orange intrudes into my field of vision; the idiot is getting into trouble. Despite starting off well before me, he's been slower, very unsure and I can see he is trying to do every turn into the back of the moguls, afraid to use them. Worse still, he's keeping his skis too close together — the classic mistake of the intermediate skier who fails to realise that he needs to keep the skis hip-width apart, so they can move independently of one another. The guy is losing his proper posture on the bumps, leaning too hard into the turn and putting his body weight too much on one ski, virtually standing on the inside ski. If he doesn't even it up, bending his left knee to redistribute some of the weight and keep his outside ski in meaningful contact with the snow, he's going to come to grief.
"Alright," John agrees. His eyes scan the brand-new laminated cupboards, gleaming stainless-steel tables, and the technicians and research staff bustling about. He knows who has had a hand in picking every one of them.
Greg looks over his way. “Southampton and Inter Millan. Would probably have been a good match too — even with the injuries SFC is carrying.”
He squirms closer and spends almost ten minutes getting his cuffed hands into the right position to twist off the sealed cap. Sitting up, he downs the contents in great gulps, his body's need for water overriding every other consideration.
Sherlock does feel bad about that incident two weeks ago, enough to agree to set aside the experiment, pop the top of the petri dish on, put it into the fridge, shed his gloves into the bin and wash his hands thoroughly. "I still think it was a couple of dodgy king prawns in that Eight Treasures dish," he says defensively.
Sherlock likes the term 'acknowledgement' since it wouldn't bloat his brother's sense of importance too much. "Both," he decides, being in a charitable mood after so many assurances from Edgar that he'd done well in the negotiations.
Sebastian holds himself steady, bracing himself as Jim reaches up to place a hand on his face. Softly cupping his cheek, Jim holds his hand there, neither pressing nor demanding. Sebastian watches him cautiously, but those eyes that usually reveal just darkness, currently contain a hint of warmth (that is, if you could describe any aspect of Jim as ‘warm’). Then Jim leans in to kiss him, all soft-lipped restraint. Pulling back for a moment, Jim brushes gently at the corner of Sebastian's mouth, before tilting his head to capture Sebastian’s bottom lip carefully between his teeth. For a moment, Sebastian freezes, expecting the searing pain of a bite. To his surprise, Jim gently sucks it and Sebastian feels himself breathe into the kiss. With one hand still on Sebastian’s cheek, Jim moves his other hand to the back of his head, fingers shifting the hair at Sebastian’s neckline softly as he deepens the kiss.
Suddenly, John's confusion dissipates as the truth hits him: he's acting jealous, everyone else has picked up on it, and Edgar is trying to reassure him it's unnecessary.
To his horror, Sherlock feels his heart start to race. His temperature rises, energy flows into his limbs, his mind starts to whirr. Suddenly he feels
The American boy raises a hand very slowly, reluctantly. Defensively, he says, "I ski in powder at Mission Ridge all the time and have no problems."
Moran swings the camera around and focuses. Sherlock turns his head to the side to read the headline:
Sebastian heads for the shower, undoing his cuffs and pulling his shirt off over the back of his head along the way. He drops the garment in the corner of the bathroom and his trousers and pants soon join it, being careful not to disturb the waterproof bandage covering the sutures on his leg as he removes the clothes. He stays standing under the spray for a while, letting the warm water flow over his head and shoulders while at the same time keeping an ear out for the sound of the front door opening. It’s been an intense few days. And it feels good that it’s finally over.
"I must have a word with Mrs Hudson; I wonder if we could get her to re-do the bathroom. I've become attached to that monsoon shower," Sherlock mutters.
After the high comes the low, and his mood plummets to subterranean levels. If he is to deny Moran his revenge, Sherlock knows he has to find a way to kill himself before John can arrive. Moran is not a fool; he will have been able to create enough forensic evidence to support the idea that a vengeful, wrathful John would kill Sherlock for the crime of lying to him, of forcing him to grieve for a man who could betray him so utterly as Sherlock had when he faked his death. His only hope is the timeline; if John is elsewhere at his time of death, then an alibi will save him.
Sprawled across the driver's seat, Sebastian looks back over his shoulder at him. "This really isn't going to go anywhere unless you let me up," he points out.
Here in his Mind Palace, Victor draws Sherlock into a close hold, so much more intimate and erotic than the trance music they'd danced to all those years ago. The tango speaks to him on so many levels. The swirling circles of movement, the give-and-take between the leader and the led, the flicks and kicks, the lifts—above all, the body contact of this dance is the closest Sherlock's going to get to live the fantasies that haunt his nights. Victor isn't John, and the effect is not the same, his former lover cannot spark the desire that had pooled in Sherlock's groin at the thought of teaching John this particular dance. How many times has he retreated to the Mind Palace ballroom so he and John could move in perfect harmony, expressing with their bodies the passion that ignited their life together?
No one seems to have recognised what he has felt for years. Uncle Rudy had justified his use of Eurus' intelligence as a win-win: "It gives her something to do. She couldn't care less whether it helps or hinders anyone; it's just the puzzle that interests her. You have to be her conscience."
"I agree. You're the shy type, the retiring type, the knife-in-the-back, sniper's-bullet-from-a-thousand-meters type. I am SOOO proud of you controlling your baser urges. Couldn't have orchestrated it better if I'd tried. You now look like the innocent victim of the deranged doctor. I can definitely work with that."
Sherlock being asleep means I can finally get up, stretch and find the loo, something I've been needing for almost an hour. That said, my discomfort right now is likely nothing like his when he'd been forced to collect the sample in the cubicle instead of the privacy of a loo. As he rearranged his bedding, I'd caught a glimpse of his bare legs; the bruising looked quite impressive even if it hasn't probably even developed fully yet.
complex to be real. Picked apart painfully slowly while Sherlock has recovered from his near fatal blood loss, many of Jim Moriarty's successes reveal a rather pedestrian method—blackmail, extortion, strong-arm tactics—chain-store modus operandi dressed up in a designer suit to look rather cleverer than it actually was.
"Good. I could do with some fresh powder. So far, the pistes have been so groomed and the routes so well-travelled that I might as well stick my skis in someone else's tracks and go to sleep. Boring."
“Gifts,” she responds as she makes her way to the kitchen to deposit an overflowing armful of items on the table. “They were outside the front door this morning.”
"Annoyed. Frustrated. He'd not been able to prevent the last of the deaths at Sky Garden, even though he'd managed to predict it in advance."
Yesterday afternoon, Janine telephoned to put off their dance lesson. "Had an allergic reaction to all the new paint smells in my flat. Big mistake; didn't know it was going to happen. I'm dossing down for the night on a friend's sofa, but woke up this morning with a frightful backache. Worse still, she'd got company coming, so I'm on the scrounge for a new place. My landlord says the flat won't be done until next week, and then they start on the hallway and stairs; I'm looking at three weeks of puffy eyes, streaming nose and total inability to sleep."
After the first three fingers of scotch go down, looking around the room isn't quite as painful. Some things are actually easy. The skull — it even has a name, brought into their relationship along with the bat in the glass case and the Persian slipper currently propped up against the mantle — are Baker Street fixtures and John knows their history. The teapot on the bookcase, and the bottle of some bizarre rice wine alongside it though, John doesn't even know when or why they came to be there. Were they there when he moved in, or a later addition? Is the second glass of scotch interfering with his memory? The playbill for ‘Terror by Night’ and the London A-Z lying on top of it — now those he knows about. Souvenirs of the cases, reminders of times that are now over.
"Nothing spells romance more than a tipsy bus ride back to town with other tourists," Sherlock complains. "John does like that sort of thing. He
. She was so tired and frustrated, and George just kept telling her to leave William be. How could she, when he could have done just about anything alone at night, including climbing out of a window and breaking his neck?
Edgar leans back a bit in his chair, then sweeps his arm across the scene behind them. "Look at all this. We're at one of the most beautiful ballrooms in London, sipping free champagne. People are assembled here to celebrate
in those light words, this wasn’t a joke, wasn’t banter. He was almost certain: this was the right moment, the powerful pull of feeling in the air, he wasn’t imagining it. Once he might have missed that emotional freight.
The angrier John gets, the harder Sherlock is struggling to find the right words — the words he'd rehearsed with Joanna. Defensively, he blurts out, "I was at GOSH because of my valve research, and then Stella just sprang this idea on me. I didn't know this was what she wanted to see me about, and she  wasn't even the one who booked the meeting; upon seeing her, I assumed it was some scheme of Violet's. I didn't go there to talk to anyone about any position. There was just the workspace for the research I needed to sort out, but suddenly I'm being coaxed into lead a whole new unit! I didn't know what to think."
Jim flops down on the arctic-white Italian leather sofa and reaches for the remote. Sebastian remains standing by the sliding doors to the terrace, his anger keeping him rigid and distant.
John is incandescent with rage. As he exits the Diogenes Club his phone pings, annoying him even more. As he reaches into his pocket to switch it off, he notes the sender of the message, Mary:
Sherlock wouldn't hesitate to say that the past month has been intellectually the most rewarding of his career. The hardest part, as John keeps reminding him, is that he is only supposed to be devoting two days a week to it while the others are at it full time. During the phases of surgery which are so routine that he could manage with his eyes closed, he often finds his mind idling towards the latest ideas and developments in their project.
The sound of the front door being banged shut and then a well-known lope up the steps gives John only a moment to prepare, before a familiar baritone rings out,
"If he worries so much about that, why would he do this stuff?" I swallow down the last drops from my glass of water.
“Don’t be an ungracious host,” Sherlock prompts when it's clear that Mycroft isn’t about to offer him one.
People, including Sherlock's parents, sometimes still assume that I am my partner's minder, that he's always the one needing reassurance and looking after. In reality, it's very much an equal partnership these days. This, just this kind of instant understanding of each other is something that I never take for granted. Given Sherlock's own sensory issues, the fact that he doesn't seem to mind the lifts at all had surprised me the first time we skied together. What it does mean is that Sherlock knows how to help me look past my own difficulties, enduring them in exchange for the pleasure of being able to do this together.
Without a moment's hesitation he lies through his teeth. "Think of me as someone who appreciates the finer specimens of the human race, irrespective of their gender." It's all part of the back-story he has invented for himself.
Mary laughs, much to Janine's surprise. "I was trying to protect you; I know you are on the hunt for a husband. It seemed wise to try to put you off him. He's broken enough hearts; people who think he is something he isn't."
Looking at the footprints now, they mock your loss. You will never see his footprint again and no one will ever notice where you have walked.
It’s all down come down to this—these last few seconds, these last few steps. The wind has picked up further. The rooks, ruffled but resisting the wind, are swaying back and forth with the branches. Harsh caws ring out across the glade; it's nearly time to roost for the night.
"Where am I?" It's a young voice, a south London accent, badly slurred, which Sherlock's brain is sufficiently online enough to be able to know that his neighbour is somewhere in the middle of a heroin high.
Donovan – she had certainly seemed to have warmed to him in the time Sherlock had been gone but reaching out to her is only one step away from calling on Anderson … he shudders at the thought.
Easing himself down onto his bed, his weight loosening the tight military corners, he stares into the mid-distance between where he is and the back of his closed bedroom door.
I estimate Branger is in his early forties, and he speaks with enough gravitas to hold the attention of the assembled skiers. I would have preferred to hire his services alone for the day, but he is in demand and had no free solo slots, so I allowed him to talk me into a group. "
Earlier this morning, while Sherlock was at King's operating on a twenty-four-year-old with a meningioma through an orbitozygomatic craniotomy, HRH Princess Anne had officially opened the unit. He doesn't mind having missed such pointless pomp and circumstance — the whole thing was for the press. Tonight is much more important: each of the unit's department heads will have a ten-minute slot to explain their
The jury consists of four men and three women. Honest, boring types the lot of them, if looks are anything to go by. He isn't keen that Jim’s choice of seating means that his back is to them all, preventing him from keeping an eye on them. Realistically though, he figures
John shrugs. "I'm not the client here. If you think he's useful to you, then yeah, do keep him on. To be honest, I don't see that much of a change from where I am sitting, except that we haven't had an argument about the food order or laundry or transport in weeks, and I've not felt like nagging at you about anything lately. That's a relief, but whether it's worth the fortune you must be paying him, I don't know."
“OK? OK? Why wouldn’t I be OK?” he snaps, using the clipped pace of his words to disguise the distortion caused by his elevated heart rate.
It's at this point that he realises he has absolutely no idea what she is talking about. Mrs. Hudson takes pity at the look of confusion on his face and slides the newspaper across the table in front of him. First page, face up, headline blaring:
As Irina and Masha whirl around the floor looking like Ginger Rogers and Fred Astaire, Janine leans closer to Sherlock to ask quietly, "Just what do you get up to all night?"
He looks down at her feet, drawn to the iridescent silver Doc Martin's that seem utterly out place at the end of her sombre black-trousered legs.
John grins. "Really? Well, great, then, if you can get me an appointment with the elusive Mister Holmes."
If Jim is intending to take his whole leg off, he's making good progress. Sebastian hasn't looked at the other instruments beside Jim but he's praying to a god he definitely doesn't believe in, that there's no bone saw amongst them.
"Just sweeping the whole damned thing under the carpet, are you? Well, Happy New Year, Sherlock,” Lestrade stands up suddenly, the chair legs scraping noisily on the linoleum. ”One of my resolutions is going to be not working with a heartless bastard, who pretends to be dead and uses murder to solve a case."
He completes the third verse and then returns to the first and second as she prepares the coffee. Only the brief blitz of the coffee grinder interrupts his concentration; he's gathering courage for what he needs to do tonight.
The Coroner takes off her reading glasses and places them carefully on the table in front of her. "Mister Moriarty, are you looking to find yourself in trouble with me?"
In the less than five minutes he has been on the scene, he has already catalogued fourteen … no make that fifteen aspects of the victim and the crime but before he has a chance to start rattling them off and hopefully preen under John’s adoring gaze, Sally interrupts his thoughts.
"Coward… you did it to run away, left your little pet like a tethered goat, as bait, to see what I would do. Well, sorry to disappoint. I had a much bigger game to play with your big brother."
Greg peers at the screen and then back up at Sherlock, confused. "Then why do you sound so damned pleased about the fact?"
— I bet you hate the word as much as I do — doesn't make anyone happy, and even normal well-to-do people are often very lonely and under immense pressure. I don't think I'd be where I am without my particular brain. The benefits have outweighed the costs, except when things have been most dire. My mother would probably often have hoped, particularly when I was in my adolescence, that I was one of those tedious normals of course, but the end result matters most, I think."
. I need to know more about this before a decision can be made. Lady Wolfson is not a medical practitioner; she doesn't know what is involved. Do you?" He hopes his bluntness cuts through all the time-wasting chitchat about that people indulge in; Sherlock needs answers before he can begin to think this through logically.
Laughable, really, that Mycroft could ever have thought that he could compete with him for Sebastian’s attention, let alone use Sebastian against him. What did Mycroft think that he could offer? An introduction to the ways of the ruling elite? A ‘better’ life? Mycroft had misjudged the man entirely. Sebastian had certain proclivities, a gravitational pull towards violence and bloodletting to name just two. Proclivities that would never be satisfied by being told what to do by a bunch of boring old codgers talking about the glory days of the British empire. Jim had seen that fire in Sebastian the instant Mycroft had sent him into his path. He had found it child's play to learn all about who had sent him and why he had been sent there. In the beginning, the fun was in seeing just how much Sebastian had to twist and turn, trying to do his ‘job’ while falling deeper and deeper under Jim’s spell. In the end though, Jim found Sebastian useful in his own right. His knowledge of MI5 tradecraft, its rules and codes, copies of internal floor plans of MI6 headquarters and the location of security alarms, Sebastian had all the right connections (helpfully provided by Mycroft Holmes) to provide Jim with no end of useful information to assist him in his business dealings.
. John has tried his best to give him the peace and quiet to mull things over, and now he's being chastised for not saying what he thinks about it all.  He tries to stifle his annoyance. Why would Sherlock want to hear from him since their discussions on the topic have only ended in conflict? What does Sherlock
Sherlock is hoovering up the ham and cheese croissant John had grabbed for him at Pret-A-Manger on his way home from the pub. He's reading some journal article on his tablet.
had to be put a floor below since we couldn't expand the wing any further without blowing the budget. It's exactly what you'd expect, no need to go in there."
“Right, bedroom and bed for you.” He blinks and there’s John standing before him, holding out a hand to help him to his feet.
He has been sitting here, leant against the high back of the dark brown leather Chesterfield, for thirty-two and a half minutes. It's less than an hour since he left Whitehall and the scene of his latest evisceration at the hands of the Permanent Secretary, Sir Edgar Laithwaite—ostensibly on behalf of the Prime Minister, who he had been informed in no uncertain terms ‘was not in the mood to be dealing with the ‘mess’.’ Sir Edgar then had the audacity to question Mycroft’s commitment to Queen and Country. A man who had ridden the coattails of his father, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster in the last government, trading on that name to worm his way into the office of Permanent Secretary with no talent save being able to recite all the verses of the Eton boating song, including verses two, three, four and five that had been forever relegated to the archives.
John eyes him with some curiosity. Sherlock certainly did not seem ready to declare the case solved a moment ago. Eating at this juncture is unprecedented, not to mention the inappropriateness of Chinese food at this hour. “You’re eating?”
Mycroft raises his head and skewers him with a look. "You have pushed thumbtacks into the antique silk brocade wallpaper, stuck blu tack onto a Louis XV mirror and plunged a Victorian carving knife into the Adams mantlepiece. Do you have any idea how much these things cost? Safe houses don't grow on trees, especially when they are provided by a trusted family friend to ensure that no one apart from you, me and my PA knows you are here. Uncle Rudy is going to be deeply annoyed with you when he finds out and has to explain this to Sir Charles.”
Moran follows the Colonel out of the blockhouse and Sherlock tries to control his panic. Has he done enough?
"––go to work," Sherlock mutters, eyes drifting closed as John drags him to his shaky feet and leans him down to sit on the bed.
"No, it isn't, because you are being emotional instead of practical. Putting aside how you learned about this proposal — and it is only a proposal at this stage — what is it that bothers you about the idea of me spending two days a week on research away from King's?"
“Aww, I’ll give it a kiss, shall I? Right here?” John makes a loud smacking sound and Rosie laughs at his silliness. “How was your day, my Rosebuddy? Ooh, what’s this? Looks like you’ve been hard at work, too.”
"Yes ma'am. Stick to the facts; I know. Well this is one of those facts. In at least one of those cases mentioned, the poor woman found at Battersea Power station, Sherlock was the prime suspect. I think the Metropolitan Police need to re-open every case he's been involved in, to see if he might in fact have committed the crimes himself, just so he could claim the glory of solving them."
He glances at the bartender who is speaking with a burly man in a tuxedo and not paying any attention to the two of them. The band is warming up, drowning out some of the ambient sounds, and soon there will be more people within earshot. If he's to give Edgar an answer, he needs to do so now.
' to the therapist. As neurotically as she demands such things from him she, too, often forgoes politeness and social conventions when she's been caught off guard or is on edge.
Recognising Sherlock makes me stop my forward momentum with a classic snowplough, meaning that I nearly get run over by Mycroft behind me.
He's right, of course. Skiing asks a lot of my calf and thigh muscles, not to mention my knee joints, but it's my injured shoulder that suffers the most. Sherlock's surgeon's fingers start working their magic before the water begins to cool; deep tissue massage of the damaged major and minor rhomboid under my trapezius muscles is soon causing me to groan obscenely and making me wonder how soundproof this room is. My cock is decidedly interested in the warm, wet, solid body cradling me from behind.
And other things, too … For seven weeks, Sherlock has told himself that once he solves this case, and Moriarty is safely buried somewhere very, very deep, then he will be able to return to John. To life as it used to be; to the warmth of their shared life and the pleasures of their shared bed. With every passing day, Sherlock has felt the absence of John accreting a layer of hard shell on his soul. What might have been forgiven if it had been over quickly, before the inquest, has piled layers of pain onto layers, creating a barrier that may make it impossible for him to ever return to what they had.
Then in the true British tradition of ignoring the metaphorical elephant in the room, he turns to ask Greg. “So, how was Christmas?”
Sherlock reaches for his laptop, but John snatches it from him. "Nope. You need to sleep, too, and unless you come to bed with me, you're just going to google things and whip yourself up into a tizz about this whole thing."
John ties her wrists together and threads the cord through the back of the chair, running it down to secure her rather swollen ankles. "You should see someone about that; you've got oedema of the lower limbs and clubbing of your fingers. Both can be signs of heart disease."
When he returns to the bedroom, Jim is now clothed in a grey silk dressing gown, propped up against the king-sized pillows at the head of the bed. Taking the tea cup offered by Sebastian, he gestures to the black chrome and leather chair adding an imperious command, "sit."
—to believe that Sherlock is going to reappear, pointing to his wounds and laughing about it all being a magic trick.  Or must he accept the fact that the man is dead, believing without having the evidence? What a wretched co-incidence to be reading this text here, in this very place where Sherlock's blood is still staining the floorboards of the locked operating theatre.
Encouraged by her nodding, Sherlock continues, "Friends to lovers, isn't that the thing these days? Tonight the coffee is not a prelude to me dragging you off into my bedroom to have sex. But who knows what the future might bring?" Irina had told him that building anticipation is an important part of courtship.
Watson wasn’t with him, but a startlingly beautiful woman held his arm. A bit taller, elegantly dressed, of South Asian origins. And visibly several months pregnant. Valentine shopping, with John.
Sherlock snatches the paper and starts to read. A few seconds later, he looks up in confusion. "A flatmate agreement? Why would we need such a thing?"
Personally, Sebastian likes his tea bags—Yorkshire Gold by preference, although he will happily drink PG Tips if that's all that's on offer. Less fuss, no mess and a damned sight easier to make a single cup. He can see when it's the strength he likes and pull out the tea bag; none of this timing stuff. Who wants a whole pot of tea anyway?
Joanna finds herself surprised. Before, she is certain Sherlock would never have said the words out loud in any professional context. He'd told John about his diagnosis when they had first met only because he needed John's help with a related problem that was threatening his career.
Two years ago, John had watched as his best friend had thrown himself from the top of Bart’s bloody hospital.
Mindful of his promise to John, Sherlock replies, "I need time to think this through. How urgent is it that I give you a decision?"
John pauses at the doorway to the kitchen, trying to gauge the number of occupants, but all he can hear is a single female voice humming the words to what sounds like some sort of sea shanty … ‘wance a fair and 'andsahme seal-lahrd, set 'is foot upahn de shahre …”
He gets a glare. Sherlock shoves away the bin and slumps back onto the bed, a sheen of cold sweat on his forehead. John kills the overhead light and takes over the other side of the bed, turning to his side so he can sling an arm across Sherlock's chest. They've often napped together after these appointments which come about yearly or semi-annually. Sherlock takes meticulous care of his teeth; John suspects that the bad memories of childhood dental appointments are quite a vicious motivator.
They shout goodbye to John and don their masks before making their way down the street toward the park. It’s a bit far for an evening stroll, but the fresh air feels wonderful after being cooped up in the flat for what feels like forever.
Murphy shrugs again. "As you just pointed out, we're NHS, so normal recruiting methods apply, as do pay scales. That being said, you can encourage particular candidates to apply, and you will be part of the decision-making panel. Obviously, for researchers, PhD students and the like, your opinion will matter more than say, for clinical consultants, but given that you have the backing of both Steadman and the Dahl Foundation, I can't see this being a problem."
. That just might be what's eaten up what little energy he has left for research after a full day at King's.
"The team gathers here every afternoon to solve pressing issues. My absence three days a week should encourage them to solve their own problems without having to wait to be unnecessarily managed. Some staff seem to also consider the afternoon assemblies a social occasion."
As it turned out, Mary wasn't shifting furniture. What she was doing was the cherry on top of the shit sundae of John's day.
that house and John does, too. It's the notion of not having come up with anything gift-worthy before Mycroft leapt to his rescue without asking that grinds against his sense of husbandly duty. "I have a gift for him," he protests. "But it would go well with a weekend getaway."
He pressed fingertips to his temples and stifled a sigh as she left the room and motioned in the next patient.
He waves goodbye in the VW's rear-view mirror. Replacing one tire with the spare won't get the agent moving again; by the time help arrives here in the back-of-beyond, John will be long gone.
"Let's spend some time looking at the reasons behind that thinking. There's nothing wrong with wanting to stay in a job where one feels comfortable and esteemed."
“Purchased at auction seven years ago. Originally it was the ancestral home of the O’Maddin clan, established Irish nobility. All dead now and nothing to link it or them to Moriarty, save that his father, James, was the head gardener there at one point in time.”
He stands there, palms pressed against the kitchen counter, head hanging down between his shoulders trying to centre himself in this new reality of Sherlock being alive, being back in Baker Street. But he just can’t seem to make it happen.
He swirls the dregs of beer around in the bottom of his glass, musing that she’s probably at work. But he types out a message all the same -
"You know that Watson is on his way to Oghill but you don't know why. You're a clever-clogs for being able to leave a message. What did you write on the floor while I was getting the car?"
Inevitably, the crowds do manage to separate our small group, but we re-assemble — as instructed — just to the left of the stairs from the station. The twenty meters it takes to walk the barely a metre-wide path to the peak is exciting, but nothing really prepares me for the nerve-racking sight of the ridge down the other side. It's little more than a narrow sliver of vertical space, covered with pristine powder, and it's hard to trust my steps as I start making my way to the end of it, equipment clutched tightly in my arms. A misplaced boot could lead to a fall if the powder underfoot is unstable rather than lying on true ground.
Murphy nods. "Steadman will provide space and admin support to the project as part of our Paediatric Neurosurgery Unit here. The existing GOSH Neurology department will move into our new building, and there will be a new clinical ward added. It makes sense to house the Dahl design project here, too. "
By the time you cross the intersection, police constables have already taped off the entranceway to the block and you're left there standing on the pavement with three heavy carrier bags. "Let me help; I'm a doctor" doesn't get you past the constable because he tells you that the victim is in need of an undertaker, not a doctor.
“Well, that was my loss, I can tell ya. Made the biggest mistake there, but then I didn’t have you to stop me. Met him on the dance floor while you were up there playing the waltz on your fiddle, so you couldn’t save me from Mister Clingy.”
him in terms of clinical patient cases? Or are you talking about his just being available at King's on a personal basis?"
He had stared at her in silence and then turned his head away to regard the dark painted wood of the front door.
Mycroft has the decency to flush and look chastened. “I didn’t read them,” he assures, “not once I realised what they were. I have no interest in sentimentality, apart from how it affects my brother's otherwise logical thought processes.”
“The knife was, as you so rightly assume brother dear, used by Moran to kill the Colonel. An unusual choice of weapon for a sniper, but this was personal, not a clinical assassination — it was designed to cause pain, to make a point. What point you may ask? You see, while I may be able to lay claim to being present when Jim Moriarty pulled the trigger thereby ending his life on the Heath, and admittedly may have provided the final push, in reality, I was only ever a bit player in this little drama. An off-the-cuff comment, a couple of sentences, would never have been enough to send someone like Jim Moriarty entirely over the edge, not unless someone else had already laid the groundwork, had been leading him there all along. Someone with no patience for the childish games of a younger sibling." Here he casts a side-eye at Mycroft. "An elder sibling who, for more than half a lifetime had whispered in his ear that he was defective, useless, 'not the smart one'. While he may have had his suspicions, Moran was unaware of the full extent of the Colonel’s,” Sherlock gestures to the dead man on the sofa, “involvement in Jim Moriarty’s death until I goaded him into revealing it this morning. After leaving me, Moran followed Moriarty back here and well, the rest is sentiment.”
He craves the warmth of that suit now; the fleece trousers hardly qualify as clothing especially as he'd pulled them down to inject the drugs. Groaning with annoyance at the demands of his transport, he lets go and urinates onto the dirt.
sometimes, okay? If I’m trying to get your attention, give it to me before I have to grab a pillow again."
"So says the man who is more than halfway through a twenty-nine-country research project involving dozens of hospitals and hundreds of patients."
He now knows that Sherlock is a very private person, and in that they are much alike. John was also savvy enough to know that some of what he saw in Sherlock in those first days was false bravado—the kind he’d seen in new Army recruits, he could also see in Sherlock. The pained expression when John had been unimpressed by The Science of Deduction website was proof enough that Sherlock’s over-inflated ego was anything but. John’s approval mattered. He mattered.
"I hope so. It's just that people get emotional instead of taking a more business-like approach to work-related things."
Sherlock regards his brother with no small degree of suspicion but all he sees returned is sincerity. "Me too,” he concedes eventually.
. John pities Edgar; he really does: once the fever drops, Sherlock will be a menace today. He will attempt to spite his flu by pretending it doesn't exist, and then languish like a dying man when he once again begins feeling too ill to function.
It was always going to be a mistake — indulging again, even if it was finally to put Moriarty to rest. John's thoughts on the subject of drugs, though never voiced, had always been clear:
Then he sees a van approaching the stop sign with its right indicator on. Before the van has a chance to start off again, John heads over to the driver’s side which is plastered with a sign proclaiming, “Liffey Meats”. The window winds down and the driver’s face breaks into a grin as he reaches over to turn down the radio. “Nice mahrnin fahr a jahg, dough you dahn't really seem dressed fahr de ahccasion."
If anyone had told her seven years before that Sherlock Holmes could be a loving … father, she’d have had them sectioned. But that’s what he was. No, they weren’t a couple in any way she’d heard, but he was co-parenting Rosie with John, and it was clear that he adored her. He wasn’t a psychopath, nor a sociopath —high functioning or otherwise. He was a man who’d been prickly because he’d found it better to attack before he could be attacked.
Hm. That was—hopeful, actually. If John had been cutting him off, he wouldn’t now be wanting to apologise or explain.
immediately. There's been so much upheaval in his life in the past few years that he should just stop to catch his breath. And yet, he cannot just dismiss Stella's proposition. It could be a solution to many things, but would it come at a cost too high?
, Sherlock!” he yells. “You can't just ignore all that. It's not a game. You don't seem to give a damn about anyone, not Mrs Hudson, not me, not Charles Stainer, not the man on Molly's slab. These are real people, with families and friends who love them."
Lestrade continues to watch him and Sherlock is finding it tedious. This is the point where John usually asks some inane or innocent question that sends Sherlock's deductive processes into hyperdrive. He won’t admit it but he's missing John more now than he has been since he returned.
When they'd left Eton, Jim had said, "Tell him to piss off; you're better than that." And so it had been surprisingly liberating to reject Mycroft and to join the Special Forces instead.
