“You’ve called me a great many things, and most of the time they are true.” Sherlock smiled at him, squeezing his arm a bit tighter in reassurance.
“And what shall I tell Mummy about Christmas?”
“John,” he tried to connect again.
, he thought to himself.
“How can you be so flippant about everything?!” John let out angrily. He had clocked that the heart monitor was increasing, that Sherlock was getting worked up and he knew he should stop, but his anger had flared, and he was never good at bringing it back into line. Sherlock had burst open some pretty dark wounds now, and he couldn’t seem to stop himself. “Why can’t you just be serious about this for one moment?”
“What? It’s true! I mean, he was good
“You don’t
, he thinks, for what must be the hundredth time. They haven’t had much contact since he left. John isn’t one for texting – what would he even say that would interest the likes of a touring musician? And Sherlock hates phone calls. The connection up the mountain isn’t great, well, it’s almost non-existent and Sherlock wasn’t likely to be patient enough to wait for an uninteresting answer from John.
“Who do we have to pay? I mean you know there’s money there…” John said with disgust.
? No,” Sherlock sounded embarrassed. “Sometimes I go to the library to study, sometimes I sleep in.”
“Never mind, you’re here now. Would you like a cup of tea?” she offers.
“It’s fine, John. I imagine things will be a bit different for you here. Things are a little more hectic when I’m in work mode. I’m sorry.”
“No. Don’t be ridiculous,” John said firmly, and Sherlock’s shoulders dropped in disappointment. “Look at you, Sherlock. You’re not ready to go running about on a case! It’s a solid
“The mother?” John asked first.
“What, John? You can’t possibly think you can solve this without me?” Sherlock said, finally looking up at him. John at least felt relieved that he looked more alert now, less vulnerable. The sleep must have done him some good.
"I may have, yes. Three tablets."
“You magnificent man.”
But thinking like that was not productive, he knew that, so he focussed back on the room, his eyes wandering over Sherlock cautiously, concerned.
,” John sighed.
“Yes, okay. Not that I have any say,” he sneered.
John returns to himself and squares his shoulders. This is a beautiful looking cabin in a quiet part of the forest. Just standing here, with his phone in his hand, listening to the birds chirping, is enough to remind him why he had agreed to this in the first place.
She looks at him dubiously. “Stage door is just outside,” she offers.
“Well that was ridiculous,” John said loudly, in frustration, as he removed his scarf and slammed it down on the table aggressively.
Four more stops. Three. Then two.
, John thought to himself, a smile briefly crossing his face before dropping again.
“Aren’t you still on call?” Mycroft interrupted his thoughts from down the bar.
“It’s yours,” Sherlock said without looking up.
Sherlock really wasn’t improving things. The more he talked, the worse it sounded in John’s ears. John shook his head, hands on his hips, processing this all. The Holmes brothers were next level emotionally stunted at the best of times, but this was the most ridiculous thing he had ever heard. Instead of arguing, he angrily grabbed two fresh gloves to finish treating Sherlock’s back, snapping them loudly onto his hands again. He shot Mycroft an angry glare of warning as he prepared. He may have been slightly rougher than usual treating the remaining wounds as his frustration boiled up, but Sherlock had the sense to stay quiet for a while.
A throat clearing pulled them out of the kiss and they both looked over to see Mike standing in the doorway, observing the scene in front of him with great glee. John’s crutches were in his hand.
They froze in position for a moment, Mary’s hand pushing the knife in firmly, her head leaning on his. Of all the things John was thinking in that moment, his brain had returned to the house earlier on, and how, as he had searched the bedrooms, there had been two missing knives on the wall.
Sherlock pauses, watching John a moment longer, before he closes his eyes in answer, takes a breath, and puts his bow to the strings. The melody just flows from his instrument, telling his story, making his own heart flutter as it draws pictures in his mind. The melody even surprises him, taking twists and turns he hadn’t even originally written. Suddenly, he is in a different world and he’s imagining their time together, imagining what it would be like to have John all to himself, with no secrets. It’s no longer a song of pining, it becomes a love song to John, full of hope and desire. When he finally finishes the last note, he lets the bow glide off the violin slowly and freezes for a moment, breathing quietly, taking in the sound as it echoes off the wooden walls and slowly falls away.
“She’s down,” he confirmed with a gentle whisper.
“Well yes, I’ve seen that often enough. But you’re telling me you have no memory?” he asked, disbelieving.
“What time are you leaving?” he demands.
“No, no, please. Stay where you are. You look very focussed. Any new developments?” Mycroft asked, sitting himself in the chair opposite.
left me. You left…. “ he let the words drift in mid-air. “and now….”
“John, I think we both know you’re done with the jumps now.”
Sherlock pushes on nervously, trying to fill the silence, trying to say the right thing. “I don’t know if I want to go as far as getting married, or that sort of thing. But I
,” Sherlock said, slightly more forcefully, before sipping his own again and closing his eyes. He was either in his mind palace, or simply not interested in talking. John never quite knew which, but it was clear he was being cut off.
he reprimanded himself.
Friday 7:32pm
“Nothing.
“Did you react that way too?”
“We won’t if you keep your mouth shut,” Sherlock teased back. Mike had got used to Sherlock’s blunt humour and never took offense any more. The three of them had spent many hours together discussing team strategy but also just as friends. Sherlock was constantly in awe of the fact that he finally had friends – the fact that they included the football team, was disturbing and amusing to him in equal measures.
“Bloody hell,” Lestrade finally let out on a breath of air.
Greg watched so many emotions cross Mycroft’s face quietly, while Sherlock leaned into the wall, unmoving. Suddenly Sherlock chuckled, but John didn’t smile at it. The longer he laughed, it began to make Greg’s blood chill, his arm hairs bristle. It was a vile, unhappy sound. For a moment it made him really doubt Sherlock’s innocence, and his sanity.
, though?” John asked again, his mouth bending into an awkward smile.
______________________________________
Sherlock puts his violin down on the side table. “Right, well I think we should call that a day. We’ve got five tracks down already. We’re ahead of schedule.”
Before John could continue to press him, his phone rang loudly, grabbing their attention.
John sucked in air and rubbed his hand over his face. Greg decided to let John say it. He could see that John needed to get it out of his system, and he wasn’t sure he would be able to look Mycroft in the eye and tell him everything, anyway.
He so
“Can I help you find something?” She checked, when he didn’t answer.
“Got it.” Greg smiled at him, despite the obvious seriousness of the moment.
Sherlock unlocked his phone. He scrolled his thumb to move the messages up and down on the screen aimlessly. Not that there was any point. He had written them all. No reply from John at all, nothing all weekend. Now he was at school Monday morning, waiting at the library, hopeful that John would come through the doors at any moment.
“Wow, well yes I have to say I noticed that in English earlier. You were…” John began.
**********
“That’s where you’re wrong,” the voice said from the doorway. Mycroft stepped in and fired at Mary’s head, not stopping to ask questions, and her body collapsed in a heap on the floor.
friend who adored his intellect, and didn’t hate him for his faults. He was never going to
“Put it down!” John said more forcefully as he ran to the kitchen. Greg and Mycroft stepped towards the coffee table to look at it.
Since being in the military, sleeping late had never been a talent of John’s, even when he was tired and his body needed the rest. Once the dawn announces itself and the birds begin to sing, his mind is awake and ready for the day. He sighs with resignation and pushes himself out of bed. He throws on some slightly crumpled clothes from the floor and a light jumper to cope with the morning mountain chill before he hobbles to the kitchen to make tea.
“Yes, all right… I just…” Sherlock began to say, his voice floating, his usual confidence lost. He pulled his hand out of his coat pocket and John noticed he was holding something.
“Where do you think you’re going mister?” John teased.
His dad let out a huff of air. “I’m sure your mother will want you home, so she can fuss over you—”
would believe it too,” Sherlock added.
“You’re not yourself Sherlock. You need him,” she simply said. She had expected him to be angrier.
He pushed gently against John’s back, both of them a little apprehensive to round the door frame into the holding cell space, as they listened to the interaction unfolding. John turned and gave Greg a doubting look. Greg nodded encouragingly, wanting John to take the first step into the lion’s den.
Sherlock practically threw himself out of the flat and onto the street. It had started to rain in earnest, the weather already shifting dramatically in the time he had been inside. The street was quiet, still in the early hours of the day with no cabs about. He buttoned his coat around him and lifted his collar to brace himself against the weather, fluffing his scarf a bit more. Never one to bother with an umbrella, he placed his hands in his pockets and walked briskly to the end of Baker Street in the hope of finding a cab on the main road. The rain water was particularly cold this morning and it stung the skin on his cheeks. If he had been travelling with John, they would have called ahead to ensure a cab, but that was always John's task, and Sherlock was stubborn. He would rather walk in the freezing rain just to get away from the flat faster. To get away from John and Rosie. As he squinted against the onslaught of moisture, he thought back over what had just happened.
There is a loud bang, followed by things clattering to the ground, before Sherlock reappears in the doorway, producing a sled with a proud expression. “I remembered you had this from when we worked on the shed last summer.” The dark-haired man pulls it to the road and sits on it. “Come on, John. No time to waste.”
“Lovely,” she said. “Nice to meet you. John and Sherlock talk about you all the time,” she said with a friendly smile. “I feel like I know you already.”
But Mycroft didn’t say a word, didn’t move a muscle. The tension in the air made John look up.
“Hey Greg, I’m just out picking up some food,” John said as he answered the phone with one hand, the takeaway in the other. “What’s up?”
? I was a shell, Sherlock. An empty
“What’s going on?” Mike asked as he walked up to Sherlock. “Hey, what’s John doing over there?” he waved in John’s direction. John didn’t respond, he just dropped his head in disappointment. “What the hell?”
They both had sat awkwardly for a moment, the guilt churning John’s stomach a bit. He really wasn’t good with people. He should not have agreed to stop and chat. He knew better. People didn’t like him very much, especially since he’d come back, and now his world was all about disappointment and failure.
The second club was across town from the first one. Sherlock had been seen on the footage, leaving in a cab. Anderson believed he headed there next.
“John…” Sherlock tried to ask again, his face concerned.
“Well he’ll be even more intrigued by it now,” John scoffed.
“I know, I just—”
“Ah… Nothing.” John adjusted his face to pretend everything was okay but clearly there was a message on his screen that he didn’t like. “Let me just send mum a message and let her know I have a lift home first and make sure that’s okay.”
“Better than a gunshot to the shoulder,” he commented to himself with a humourless laugh.
“I couldn’t possibly make you do anything you didn’t want to, John Watson,” Sherlock answers, from somewhere behind him.
“John, head over to the spare desk there and get settled. I’m sure some of these lovely people will be happy to take you under their wing,” he said pointedly, and with great sarcasm to the class of teenagers just staring open-mouthed and non-communicatively at John Watson. Sherlock rolled his eyes. John Watson walked quietly over to the desk as the entire class glared at him. It was Sherlock’s worst nightmare, being watched so intensely, or having to be the new person. He preferred to stay well under the radar when he could. The desk was in the second back row, surrounded by other students who glared at him uncomfortably as he got out his text book, notepad and a pen.
“Lestrade,” he said briskly, clearing his throat.
“You weren’t watching. You were distracted,” his dad levelled at him suddenly, clear disappointment in his tone.
on record.” And he nodded at the other officer. Greg turned and shook his head at her to ignore it.
“You were in her room,” Donovan pointed out.
who you are. Right? And it doesn’t change how I feel about you. Okay? But the reality is, you’re in trouble at the moment… and I’m worried about you… and we’re in this together. You don’t get to just shut me out. And you don’t get to run off to strange locations when you’re supposed to be at home in bed, you git!” he said, giving Sherlock a playful slap on his backside. “What will Mary say? Mycroft? Oh my god! I should ring Mycroft.”
“Okay, why am I lying to John?” She asked, looking confused.
“You’ll find that there are a few families in this school to be aware of. Sherlock Holmes is one of the wealthiest. He almost seems to despise that fact though. He doesn’t use it to his advantage. If anything, he resents the fact that he is even having to attend classes. He often ditches. But his family paid for the library. So, he has no choice but to be here. His brother was head prefect. Lots of pressure there. You can understand why he’s rebelling,” Mike commented, not even registering John’s interest as anything but mundane curiosity in the class freak.
. Some kind of amusement when it suited him. We all were,” he spat at Greg.
John always liked the
Don’t be ridiculous.
“No,” he corrected. “I did it… for
“Matching Celtic rings, matching Celtic tattoos, different deaths. Strange coincidence? Or strong link?” Greg asked her, really thinking aloud.
“Not true,” John says, and his face drops suddenly in seriousness as they make direct eye contact. He swallows hard, before dropping his eyes to his empty glass.
She is.
“I don’t know if I like it or not. It’s so draining,” he said.
But before he has had enough time to worry properly, William puts the façade back on and nods to the conductor and the moment is gone.
That is to say, it’s okay if you don’t. Or if you made other plans. I’m just checking…
“No, it’s fine, John, really. It was a
“But also…” he looked up at John who was staring straight ahead now, not wanting to make Sherlock uncomfortable. He reached out and touched John’s face, “…also, I can’t stay away.”
Maybe all of this is a bad idea. He reaches into his pocket to grab his phone, letting his fingers slide away from the key momentarily, unable to commit.
. For all that time. Every night, I would relive it in my sleep. And just when I thought I couldn’t take it anymore, I received a package. A memory stick. And lo-and-behold, it was you. But how
“And you were never that poetic, not even in your blogs.” Sherlock said.
Who was this peculiar man – Mycroft Holmes? Why had he trusted John enough to give him this USB stick, and what was he going to find on it? Was this a test? An opportunity to finally join the ranks of MI5 or MI6 if he answered correctly at the morning meeting? He sat, playing with the stick and feeling the plastic casing as he danced it between his fingers. Just an ordinary looking USB. Was he really considering this task? Was he really expecting this device to hold the fate of his future hopes and aspirations?
When Sherlock had been away, John had been swallowed up with regrets and knew that his grieving was more than just that of someone who had lost a friend. He hid away for a long time in shame, fearing that people would notice. He didn’t want to hear the: “time to move on with your life” speech. He didn’t want to move on. He wanted Sherlock. He wanted to wallow in it. He wanted the: “lie in Sherlock’s bedroom and sniff his pillow, imagining he was still there” kind of wallowing. Until it became so much for him that he couldn’t function. And strangely now, although he was grieving his wife, here he had come, back to Baker Street to grieve losing Sherlock again after the letter. Only this time, he had written himself off in Sherlock’s loungeroom like and embarrassingly love-sick idiot and Sherlock had come home to it. John was incredibly ashamed.
Friday 6:10pm
Sherlock nodded. “Sounds like a plan to me. I mean, I tried to help this guy, but the slack git never turns up.” They both giggled at that for a moment. Sherlock could tell John was relieved that the mood was lightened.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock tried.
“And I forget that you can’t read my mind, or deduce what’s going on with me, the way I can deduce you.”
“I have a case…if you’re interested.”
“Good idea,” Sherlock agrees with a laugh. “Really, I’m fine though. Relax!” he says, suddenly placing a hand on John’s arm in reassurance.
As they rounded the corner to the second class, John was already waiting outside the door, leaning his weight on the wall, his crutches relaxed under his arms.
Sherlock rolled out of bed, shaking his curls between his fingers, lazily. Taking in the sensations as his his toes touched the cold wooden floor, the contrast from his warm bed waking his senses a little more. He wriggled his toes back and forth from big toe to little and back, getting the nerve endings to register some feeling. Stretching his arms to the ceiling and feeling his rib cage expand and the vertebrae snap into place. He let out a sigh. His brain slowly taking in his surroundings, the day, the time… something at the edge of his brain felt foggy - what was he forgetting?
naming her Sherlock you git.” He laughed shaking his head as he walked over to pick the phone up off the table, wrapping his dressing gown tighter as he walked.
Mycroft cleared his throat. “I’m going to make a quick call – if you’ll excuse me for just a moment,” he simpered, not acknowledging John’s remark. “Mary would you be so kind as to get John a drink, perhaps have a bit of a chat, fill him in on the day’s goings-on?” he directed as he sauntered out of the room, leaving John standing there glaring at Mary sitting in the wrong chair, holding back the urge to shove her out of it.
Sherlock let the cough die down, eyes closed in what seemed to be pain, nodding to John in reassurance but saying nothing. He removed his own coat and scarf quietly, threw them over John’s chair, and headed to the kitchen to put the kettle on.
“Yes, I can’t say I’m happy about that. I’ll take this with me, John. And I think you’re right, I best take the coat back too. You just focus on Sherlock,” Greg offered, as he started back out the door.
They both stood, watching Sherlock and the monitors, waiting.
“John, you need to calm down. This isn’t helping anyone,” Mycroft said coolly, towering over him, as John paced wildly back and forth in the corridor. Sherlock tried to sit up, at the mention of John’s name, desperate to see him properly but he was unable to move, monitor wires and various tubes snagging on something as he tried to shift. Something taped to his nose was creating a hissing sound which was making it hard to listen to the sounds in the corridor. He tried to speak but his tongue was sluggish, his throat like sandpaper, and the words wouldn’t connect to thoughts in his head.
John looks at Sherlock, confused and out of the loop, but says nothing, instead stepping away slightly to look up at the amazing ceilings of the concert hall, to let them talk.
Why aren't you angry John?? I could eat his heart right out of his chest!” he finally yelled standing up and pacing again.
it! I’ve wanked more in the shower since we got together, than I think I did as a bloody teenager. God help me, the fact that I get to touch you at all, to kiss you… it drives me crazy! Wanting you is
“Oh. Right,” John replied, rubbing his hand over his face in relief. “Do you need to… to talk about it?” he asked tentatively.
possibly remember? You admitted you were half out of your tree, talking to an imaginary friend in that dungeon!” he deflected, louder than he meant to.
They remained silent as John removed each bandage and dropped it into an empty bowl on the bedside cabinet. He touched around the site of each gash, checking it for signs of infection. “Hmmm, they seem to be healing nicely actually. How have they been feeling?” he asked Sherlock.
“Oh great!” Sherlock called from the kitchen with loud mocked-enthusiasm.
“Despite what you may think, and out of respect for my brother, I don’t have cameras in
Now, here in this house in the forest, this is different. Less maddening, that’s certain. Having nothing specific to do, instead of having to deal with people – with Mycroft, especially – is certainly more bearable than the stress of the last few months, he has to admit.
“Yes, Sherlock had to see his psychologist this afternoon,” Mycroft offered.
“I think that’s exactly what you wanted me to do, all along. You’re too gutless to do it yourself.”
want him to overdo things. We’ve tried to be very… careful.
“Are you SERIOUS?!” Sherlock was suddenly very angry. The yelling hurt his ribs, but he couldn’t stop now. “What were you thinking John?! After everything I put in place to prevent you from getting in harms’ way?!”
“You had it out yesterday. Remember? I told you not to put it there or you would lose track of it…” John said quietly, more to himself, as he stood waiting for Sherlock.
“Wow? That’s all you can say?” John replied. There was laughter in his tone, but it wasn’t humorous, it was bitter.
“Sherlock!”
“John don’t—” Sherlock began, shaking his head, looking scared.
Sherlock sniggered at his error and Mycroft paused from getting out of his chair to process what he had said, before rolling his eyes at his brother’s childish behaviour.
“Which case
John paused mid-handshake, glancing between them both, confused and surprised. “Seriously?” he asked, perceiving this as some sort of hoax. He let go of the hand and took a step back, mistrusting of the situation, and trying desperately to stand taller while settling his weight on his cane correctly.
The air always has a certain buzz to it in the spring. The birds are chirpier, the sun is happier, even the trees seem to be brighter, somehow. Everything is green, and the air is fresher. It makes him sigh as he steps outside and closes his eyes, sucking in the atmosphere. He walks over to the bin and places the bag inside, suddenly aware of a large truck parked up the hill near Sherlock’s house. He squints, trying to read the writing on the truck and slightly concerned about the commotion there. Sherlock hadn’t mentioned he would be coming to visit – then again, he never seemed to bother with that.
“Sally?” John pleaded.
“You know I love you,” John said, walking back around the bed to be closer to Sherlock again. “And right now, you need to step aside and let us do the investigating.”
At least Sherlock had the decency to stay silent instead of dismissing these feelings. It had become obvious to John that Sherlock just hadn't realised what it had done to his friend. Mycroft had stayed very silent on that, it was now apparent. He was supposed to keep Sherlock informed. Sherlock truly looked like he had no idea as he watched John trying to verbalise years of repressed anger at him
___________________
“Of course. You don’t think I removed the cameras just because John wanted privacy?” Mycroft teased.
“Oh, you’re the detective!” she said keenly.
missed the war. He had missed the action, the violence even. The snap someone’s bone made as you broke their leg. The crunch their nose made as it broke under the weight of a fist. And each bruise he endured in battle distracted him from the thoughts in his mind: the doubts; the anger at the lies; the rage at the deception that Sherlock had set in motion. John didn’t believe for a second that it had been for his protection; Mycroft had clearly been manipulating him. Sherlock had never shown that much of a protective side. On their many cases, there had been risky moments and he knew they had each other’s backs. But to die, or pretend to die, and lie about it in order to protect John? It was ridiculous, a preposterous notion. He couldn’t even work out why someone would do that. These people he was taking down, they were vile humans, that was clear. And if he was given no other choice to rid the world of them, perhaps he would do what Sherlock had done. But he knew he would have wanted Sherlock to be in on the plan, to be with him through the battle. It was insanity for Sherlock to have tried to do all of it alone.
“Why are you trying so hard to get yourself thrown in prison?! Do you think that’s what I want?!” John yelled, snapping suddenly, gesturing wildly with his hands. The files fell out of his grip, landing all over the floor in a jumbled mess of documents. “Oh for god’s sake!” he yelled, looking to the ceiling, trying to regain control.
“What you did though, that was…good. Thank you for stepping in,” Sherlock finally said, looking John in the eye at last.
Sherlock finally looked up and opened his mouth to say something. To argue.
Thursday 5:17pm
“Sherlock that’s not it and you know it. That’s not your typical behaviour, not how we normally behave together, and that’s a concern to me. But let me assure you, I
“Well…I figured…you’re a military family, I heard you tell Mike that. You need to take two buses to get home. I’ve seen which stop you get on at from school, so I knew which direction and probable area to look in. We all know where the military housing is around here – lots of kids come from there to this school, if they’re smart enough. And I figured, one of your parents would be high up in the military to either have the funds, or have the pull to get you into a prestigious school like ours. So, you’d have to be living in one of the nicer houses here. Yours is clearly the latest house in the street to be newly occupied, since you’ve only just arrived. There’s newly mowed lawn. No mail overflowing in the mailbox. Easy.” He finished and looked at John who was staring at him. Sherlock's stomach suddenly lurched. He usually kept his deductions to himself.
Ice cream finished, they walk around a bit, before they decide to drive towards the castles themselves. Sherlock parks the car in front of a small church, so John can take a few pictures of Neuschwanstein from a distance, white walls beautifully standing out against the dark forest surrounding it. They decide to not get closer, not to mingle with the masses of people around the castle, instead enjoying it from afar.
“But he’s your… Oh he’s your manager
“John,” Sherlock fought to use his voice, the words coming out raspier and more whispered now. “I’m not sure… I can… this time.” He gave John a pursed smile in apology, which took a lot of effort.
“Yes, what?” John said, still slightly huffy.
, Mycroft thought, before dismissing the concern. It wasn’t his place – not yet at least.
“What?” John asked angrily. He was in such a bad mood he couldn’t shake it, even though he knew he was out of line.
“I can tell, you know. I can tell. You’ve
John smiled to himself. Sherlock had gone from hating football to having a passionate opinion about it. And he was adorable when he was angry. He started to wonder if… maybe… maybe things could work long distance? It wouldn’t be so hard, would it? To stay in touch? To wait a couple of years before they met up again? Maybe they could make that work.
John laughed and squeezed his hand. “That doesn’t surprise me in the slightest.”
“Sorry,” John fumbled, observing the completely horrified expression on the speechless stunning man’s face, as he ran out the door, not looking back.
None of them could possibly fathom the pure hatred he had, that they were able to go about their days blissfully unaware.
The awkward silence that ensued between the three of them was almost unbearable, although John was unable to think of anything to say at this point to change that. It certainly wasn’t like Sherlock to be so tongue-tied.
“Why don’t I get you both a tea?” Mary offered sympathetically, closing her book and heading to the kitchen, to give them privacy.
“I don’t have anything fancy. We can go out too, if you want?” he offers.
. You’re
“And then we will know more.” Mycroft was being cagey, and John didn’t like it at all.
“You don’t want that either, William. There is an image you have to maintain. You are not some pedestrian rockstar, where an overdose a year is a common occurrence, or even expected.”
he is, and he could be dead?” John began to panic.
“Sherlock?” he asked, genuinely worried. But Sherlock gave no response, no sign of movement at all. “Sherlock?” he tried more loudly, standing on the edge of the waves, as close as he could get without the water getting on his only decent pair of shoes.
“No, no. I’m fine thanks,” he said formally, dismissing her, as if everything was normal, as if this day was any other day.
“Oh Sherlock, you’re awake,” she said fondly, with a genuine smile that didn’t improve his reaction to her. She turned towards him more, and Sherlock allowed his eyes to flick past her to John, who was not looking at him; his eyes were firmly planted in his wineglass.
“I’m good, Sherlock,
“John, please. I’m not a complete barbarian,” he replied in disgust. “They wanted to hold him until they had viewed the security footage.”
“There’s
“No, I don’t think so.” Mycroft said carefully. “And he doesn’t need to know.”
“Shhh, don’t talk, save your strength John. You’ll be fine,” Sherlock said, his voice betraying his terror, though.
“No, sorry… nothing’s wrong, nothing’s wrong Mycroft… don’t start
“No, it’s all good, thanks. I have to grab some things from my locker and then I’ll just get the bus. Thanks though,” John thought for a second about whether that might be a bad idea to delay himself further with the bus when he could get a quick lift home, but he didn’t want people knowing where he lived. It wasn’t a terrible house, but the military housing wasn’t anything special either and he felt self-conscious enough as it was.
Greg closed his eyes, his face collapsing in on itself, unable to remove that image. He sculled down the rest of his pint before gesturing for another. The barman gave him a look of warning, and Greg ignored that and slammed down his money with a nod. It was not up for discussion. A third pint might finally be the magic number to wipe the vision of Sherlock’s pathetic facial expression as they had pulled the weapon out of his coat.
“Oi, you two!” Mike yelled as he spotted them. “Are you serious? You two better not get caught. I’m not losing my two stars because you’re too loved up to stay out of trouble,” he teased.
“Well yes, I deleted it. I’ve got a doctor in the house. So… I just… deleted it,” he explained, as if it should be apparent.
“I’ll get you some asprin. You polished off the better part of that bottle of scotch. Your head is going to have something to say about that,” Sherlock chided.
“Oh, es tut mir so leid!” John exclaims in shock, before glancing at the man properly.
right now,” Sherlock said stubbornly.
“Yes! A vibe. Thank you!” he sighed in relief. The fact that Greg had picked the very same word he had tried to use with John earlier almost made him chuckle. But he needed to get his words out and his chest was full of some sort of swarm of insects it seemed, fluttering about making it hard to suck in air at the usual rate. “Right, they’re picking up on a
. And now I’m on crutches.” He shook his head in frustration. “You know, I think you’re a complicated person to be friends with and it might just be better if we just didn’t…”
“I’ve been watching you for a while now – you boys,” she admitted. “Longer than you know. You really are very sweet together. Why it took you so long, I will never understand, but there you go.” Mary sat herself comfortably on the arm of John’s chair, which only irked Sherlock further as he tried to decide where to go, how to escape this. Should he check John’s room for the gun? Or was it in their room? John was always in charge of the gun. Or should he head for the kitchen and grab a knife? Mary clearly didn’t see him as a threat in this state, so he knew he just had to keep her talking, and John would be there soon.
“John.”
John thinks. He can feel his face frozen in a look of confused delight at the scene in front of him and his heart is hammering with anticipation.
“Disinterest?” Greg tried not to sound disappointed, but he had to admit he was also curious.
“Stop that, it’ll be fine,” Sherlock says stubbornly. He lines the nail up and swings the hammer out wide.
Only twenty-seven hours with John. That will have to last him a while.
*facepalm* Sherlock! It’s fine. You looked like you needed someone to sit with you. I’m sorry that I didn’t get to talk to you the rest of the day though. It was a bit manic. Mike kind of grabbed me before I could come and sit closer to you in English
Thursday 8:26am
“Do you miss it?” John asks.
“Hey,” John said.
“Once a day. We’re only allowed one jump a day,” Donovan piped up, reminding him. She did give him a look of sympathy, at least. John could tell compassion wasn’t something she used very often – it looked uncomfortable on her face, unfamiliar. But he appreciated the effort.
Sherlock wanted to stay locked away in his room and not have to see John looking at him with disappointment again, more than anything, but the call of nature required him to move to the bathroom and his stomach was growling a little. His post-high appetite had started.
“This is it, John. This is where I die,” Sherlock said to the dark room.
“Why?” John panics at the thought that maybe Sherlock has another man, and his stomach drops. “Wh—”
“Goodbye, Sherlock.” John hung up the phone before Sherlock could finish.
John couldn’t help feeling slightly unsettled about things.
you keep to yourself… we really could use some more real-time data on some of the local patrons,” she admitted.
He was pretty sure he didn’t want to read the contents of this letter. The memory of the last time he had received a note, took him back to his days at boarding school. Phrases like:
“John!” Sherlock came rushing down the stairs to meet him. His face was lit up just at the notion that John was here. In that moment, John’s heart swelled. This was what he had always wanted. Someone who smiled like that at his very presence.
“Of course, let me just check with John….”
“Also, it was a good excuse to come and visit you,” he says with a smile.
He moves to the window, trying to peer in, but the thick curtains are closed. He lets out a sigh of frustration. Sherlock often doesn’t bother locking the door out here in the hills, so he tries it, but it’s locked.
“Now, I’m going down to the morgue. And Molly is going to show me the body so I can work with you on this,” John said, calming considerably.
mean it. I’m sorry for putting you through all of that before... and now this.”
“I know. Me too.” He gave Sherlock a sad smile.
“Well yes, I mean
The morning bell rang, interrupting the moment.
area,” Mycroft said with distaste.
“Never said you were.” John bends over to grab a piece of wood, chuckling to himself.
“John,” Sherlock pleaded, tilting his head imploring John to stop this, whatever it was.
“This wasn’t even the case we were supposed to be investigating!” John yelled.
“Well, at least we know your scintillating personality hasn’t been damaged through all this.”
“I know you are all aware of the goings on recently,” he said, not acknowledging John’s actions. The team shuffled uncomfortably in their seats. “And despite what you may think, Doctor Watson has given us valuable information around extending the lengths of the jumps we are undertaking. We may, in fact, be able to extend the eight-minute barrier, although we don’t know how each of you will react. There is still an element of risk here. We need more time to look into it. Doctor Watson has also provided us with a possible suspect from his research which I’d like time to investigate further. But unfortunately, we are out of time. Orders have come from above. They’re shutting the division down, until further research can be done. The risks have far outweighed the benefits of this technology. So we’ve been asked to cease operations. As of tomorrow evening.”
. I even imagined you were there at the extraction, rescuing me,” Sherlock let out with a laugh, before the pain stopped him suddenly.
“Pain is funny like that,” Sherlock replied. “Did they use my plan? At training?”
“I think you’ve had enough scotch,” Mycroft mused, moving the bottle away from him.
“Fine, then let’s stop talking about it,” John said, sitting back on the bed in resignation. They sat in silence together. Sherlock could hear John’s breathing, sense the heat coming off him in waves of frustration, but he was using all of his willpower, it seemed, not to snap again.
“Not sure,” Sherlock says dismissively. “But for now, I’m at your disposal.” He flashes John a gentle smile to move him away from the topic and back onto the task.
Sherlock walked over to the couch and bent down to find the little box hidden underneath. He walked to his room, opening the special drawer in his wardrobe, and beside the gun he had hidden there, he placed the little box, and then grabbed the folded letter from his pocket to place it under the box. Covering them all back up with his clothes, he closed the drawer and put them out of sight.
Sherlock thought briefly.
“Oh great. Well, I’m only insecure that… I don’t know John,” he began, suddenly not able to look John in the eye. “As long as I’ve known you, you seem to have been with a lot of women. You seem to have a preference for—”
“I need to… I just need a minute to—” John began.
Mycroft stood very still, aware that he would take a verbal beating from John the moment he stepped in the door.
Sherlock didn’t know what to say, or how to respond. John was in his own gentle way, trying to help Sherlock.
“Greg…” John warned, clearly not wanting to say it aloud.
“I know. I know, mate. It’s not ideal,” was all he could manage in support.
“Surely you have people who—” Greg argued.
Sherlock finally let go of the embrace, but only to free his hands and allow him to grab John’s face. He looked deep into John’s eyes for a moment before tracing across every inch of John’s face with his own eyes. John could almost feel it, as if he had used his finger. The pure force of that gaze leaving a trail of tingling anticipation across his skin. Then, finally Sherlock took John’s lips with his own. It was a gentle, and tender kiss. The feel of their lips touching was almost heartbreaking in how delicate and unexpected it was. John closed his eyes. He had dreamed of this moment, ever since that kiss at the station. Some nights he had been driven mad with the craving of it, with the memory and the longing. He scarcely believed it had happened the first time, let alone that he would get to do it again. And now here they were, and it felt better than anything he had hoped for. He’d never been kissed like this before – so reverentially, so lovingly. His heart was full, with the realisation that it had all been true. That the wait had been painful but important. His return must mean that they were safe.
“Good,” John encourages. “Now a little bit harder.”
Sherlock was furious with himself as he ran down to the park after Greg’s call.
The room was simple. Larger than his own room - but that wasn’t hard. In fact, it was almost the size of John’s entire lounge room, he was pretty sure. There was a double bed, instead of John’s pathetic single bed. There were some science charts on the wall and a desk under the window covered in papers chaotically, a laptop closed on the chair. The tall windows faced the garden outside, with heavy dark drapes pulled to either side and held in place with gold ropes. The whole thing was insane. The fact that he, ordinary John, was in any way interesting to Sherlock, or worthy of someone living like
“What just happened?” Sherlock said
“Where?” Anderson asked.
“Couldn’t Harry help?” Mike tried again, offering an olive branch politely into the conversation.
“You better hope he rings me back, brother.”
“What?” John tried to sit up a bit, putting his weight on his elbows, the pain from lifting his head up was really something. He must have slammed his head on the ground properly.
“I am not a child, John Watson  ,” Sherlock grumbles but closes his eyes and lets John continue. John uses the advantage of his position, standing a bit higher, to bend close and brush a kiss against each eyelid.
he thought, as he came stumbling out of the same stall and John couldn’t help staring, mouth gaping looking between them both for an awkward moment as they all stood there, giving John maximum time to make a million assumptions.
“John!” Mike interrupted his thoughts loudly, walking behind John and slapping his hands on his back. John leapt out of his skin, flinching at the contact with a sharp intake of breath. Sherlock looked up and saw the reaction, his eyes narrowing in thought, before relaxing. John opened his eyes to notice Sherlock watching him and Sherlock gave him a polite smile before returning to his book.
Sherlock was wrestling with John, all arms and limbs, and a slur of words that made no real sense. Lestrade stepped aside to avoid getting caught in the crossfire. The security guard sped around the table to secure the boy who stood still in shock. Greg tried to help John.
John turned away, unable to make eye contact as Greg grabbed the print-outs from Mycroft’s hand, and walked them over to Sherlock, to try and cover up John’s decision to tap out momentarily.
It’s snowing again. The man on the radio is talking about at least fifty centimetres in the next few days. Sherlock sinks deeper into the seat of Mycroft’s car.
“No John, stop,” he interrupts. “It’s not for Baker Street.”
come. I was watching from outside. Would it help if I was in there?”
His own name suddenly seemed so bland and awful. He felt a keen sense that socialising with someone who had a better name than him let alone probably a much bigger bank account was a ridiculous prospect, but he was instantly intrigued by the boy in the back corner, this
you. She was actually here taking care of you after the extraction. On and off. She’s been here a few times. She comes highly recommended, so I’m told.”
The next movement is entirely different. The sorrow filled melody breaks John’s heart. It’s as if the music is a love letter, just for him, singing to his very soul. William’s eyes are closed as he almost makes love to the instrument and the audience. It’s so powerful, something John has never experienced, never known music could be. He closes his eyes and just lets it all wash over him, as it pulls at him. One moment it’s achingly sad, and the next it’s calling to him, hopeful and triumphant, begging him somehow. Images fill his head of the moments they have shared together in the forest – the walks by the lake, the times working on home improvements, the dinners, the long chats. John realizes how much he misses Sherlock and the melody begins to mirror his own feelings about their separation. He opens his eyes to take in this man again, who he has been longing to see.
“I must say, the peace and quiet here is lovely – good for the soul,” John settled on with naïve enthusiasm.
There is a flicker of doubt around John’s eyes, and it is a bit of relief that Sherlock isn’t the only one who doesn’t really know how this will work. But kissing? That sounds great to Sherlock. Last night’s kiss – their first – and the few they shared after waking up – soft, slow, ignorant to morning breath – were wonderful, and Sherlock would not mind more of that.
“I have information, now, about the case. Sherlock wasn’t investigating the bomber. Well, not directly. He was investigating the neighbouring business for tax fraud, but I was already thinking about the other businesses in the street that have chemicals. The dry cleaner, the hairdresser. What if the dry cleaners are the originator of the bomb blast? To claim the insurance?” John was frantic to make his visits seem useful, relevant, to appease his own guilt. “So will you let me go in again?”
. He’s gone!” She was starting to panic, he could hear it in her voice.
The light here isn’t good. I can’t do this properly here. She needs to be moved
Thursday 8:29am
There were mutterings around the room again and John realised he had let out a sigh of relief himself at that news.
Mycroft walked across to stand in front of him. “John, I
Sherlock let out a big gush of air. It seemed that he just couldn’t get the words out.
-----
“…it doesn’t matter what the money was for, it’s not up to you. They were clear that you had to keep giving me an allowance and I’m due that money and I… ugh fine. FINE! Forget it!” and the loud yell was punctuated by the sound of a phone being thrown and bouncing back off the tiled wall. Followed by a loud sigh. The person turned on the tap and was mumbling quietly to themselves as they clearly were splashing their face with water.
“Victim’s in the skip. Found this morning by one of the workers in the bakery,” Lestrade said simply
“Only… I think he needs you. Sherlock. He’s… I think you should come to Bart’s.” Molly sounded incredibly guilty. “He’s here.”
, his brain says to himself. What was he thinking?
“What happened?” He asked.
“But Mycroft…
“Who? Anderson? He’s an idiot, stay away at all costs,” Mike said absently, laughing to himself.
of this amusing: not your big secret plans with Mycroft; and not you, playing a big trick on me; not having to extract you from a dungeon in Europe on death’s door. This was
“Oh my goodness, little bee…what happened here?” He said softly to her, under his breath.
His dad wasn’t a fan of charity and had raised his son to also work hard and not accept hand-outs. He couldn’t imagine his dad would say yes to this opportunity. They would move again. Away from Sherlock. Away from Mike, this great school, the good team. His dad liked to control things too much. Allowing his son to stay here, away from the family was likely to be out of the question. John hadn’t even entertained the idea of accepting it. Everything had felt so good for a moment, for one brief week everything had been perfect. He should have known it was too much to hope for some good in his life.
The orchestra plays for a good twenty minutes with no sign of Sherlock, in fact – a piece John has never heard before and it’s nice enough, but not why he came. John starts to feel nervous, impatient and concerned. He opens his program to read a bit, the light from the stage making it possible for him to still see the text. Sherlock’s going to play the Sibelius Violin Concerto – one of the most difficult in the repertoire apparently. John doesn’t know it, though that’s no surprise really. Honestly, he is mostly just glancing at the program to appreciate the photos of Sherlock. When he looks up again, to give the musicians his attention, he catches some movement from the corner of his eye and glances over to look. From his position, he can see into the side wing of the stage, to the backstage area, and he catches the sight of familiar broad shoulders and dark hair, slicked back neatly in a way John has only seen on the poster and the videos.
Thursday 5:20pm
“Oh. Okay.” Sherlock relaxed again.
John glanced over at him finally. “What?”
“John. Honestly,” Greg huffed. This was not like John. Not like John
here.” Sherlock paused for more breaths. “Do you think… do you think…”
want you to stay?”
“Yes. You said he was meant to be away for work?” Sherlock offered, tentatively.
“What’s the case?” he asks instead.
John felt more perplexed than ever. He stood on the spot, thinking. Just trying to make sense of it hurt his brain. “But you said, preventing crime?”
“I’m fine John.”
He cleared his throat again, and walked back out to the kitchen, without looking at Sherlock. Mycroft had indeed left the meds and the instructions on the table, neatly ordered. Paracetamol, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory. There was still an opioid in use, but it was a skin patch which slowly released a steady, low dose of buprenorphine for a week. Long-acting formulations were better than short-acting ones for former addicts since they gave less of an up-and-down effect profile. There were quick-acting buprenorphine tablets in a locked safe in John's old room as a last resort for really bad moments, but Sherlock wasn't to know that.
“About all the things I said earlier—”
“Sherlock, you’re overthinking this. You’re not guilty. Let’s just take one step at a time. Let’s not get ahead of ourselves. How did you even get here?” he asked, worried.
Sherlock grabbed his bag roughly and started to walk out, through the space between the desks between the back row and John Watson, avoiding eye contact at all costs.
chuffed if my partner loved me
“Is that what that was the other day? James? Was that his name? Was he bullying you?” John asked.
“What did you have to tell me?”
“Honestly John, I’m fine,” Sherlock said with irritating nonchalance.
Before John even had time to register what was happening, what he meant, Sherlock’s phone rang out loudly disturbing them. Sherlock grabbed it from his pocket.
“He didn’t mean what he said, you know, John. That is to say, I assume you already know that.”
“Yes, yes I’m here. Sorry. Just taking in the area,” he blurted out.
His mind was still trying to come to terms with what day it was, what time it was, what had been swirling around in his head to create a dream like that. Slowly he ran over the events of the last twenty-four hours, trying to decipher what was real and what had been part of the insane dream, his practical side trying desperately to make sense of the line between reality and fantasy, completely blurred at this point and giving him a headache from the disconnect.
He really is broken. Sherlock follows the shape of his instrument with his eyes, the sight so very familiar, a lifelong companion.
John giggled. He knew this was Sherlock’s fake bravado, and he didn’t really feel that confident about it. But it was sweet that he was trying to reassure John by using his new position as team consultant. “Come on then. Master playmaker. Let’s get out of here. Can you grab my bag?”
Thursday 5:17pm
It had become routine for them both – Sherlock coming down to his cottage in the mornings and working through the day, and in the early evenings they would take a walk to the lake and back. Sometimes they would chat away, about anything and everything, and sometimes in complete silence just enjoying walking together. John would stay at Sherlock’s house for dinner, before heading home, and sometimes – like tonight – he would relax on the couch with a drink as Sherlock played violin for him.
Sherlock looked up at him, eyebrows raised, and John smiled back. It was rare to be surprised with anything. John did seem to be one of the very few people that could manage to.
“Wait for it,” John says, raising a hand to stop Sherlock from interrupting.
“Yes, it definitely was,” he said, without looking up, pretending to busy himself with the note pad.
“We did find some footage that hadn’t been looked at since our first site visit, though. We had dismissed it as pointless, initially. That jump didn’t go well, we thought we came home empty handed, so we dismissed the footage. It was blurry, the first gen cameras weren’t great quality, until Anderson sorted out better tech for us. And then Simpson spotted something. The body cam caught footage of the street outside. We think it could potentially be our bomber, watching from the street.”
Mycroft let out a sigh. “He wanted to make sure you were… looked after. If he died.”
is and while you’re busy out on the case,” Mycroft continued, in a tone that was very deliberately talking John off his ledge. It was far sweeter than Mycroft ever spoke normally.
“It’s okay. It
“Are you looking for this?” she asked, as she pulled out the gun, waving it closer to his line of sight.
“Sherlock?!” John asked frantically, looking over his face and back to the monitors for some semblance of change.
“It will save us all a lot of time if you trust I know everything, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft said simply.
need to do something more than just sit here and wait,” John said through clenched teeth, his breaths sharp through his nostrils.
“It’s four in the morning. I’ve been looking for you… for
“Mate, you knocked a random stranger out at the bar, I think he was within his rights as security to restrain you,” Greg argued.
“What? John it’s–”
“Jesus, Sherlock! How did you…?” John exploded in fright as the light revealed the extra occupant in the room. Sure enough, sitting cross-legged on the bed, was his consulting
? That we’re… that you’re… you two are
,” he over-enunciated with a sneer.
“Oh here and there. My dad’s military, so we move around a bit.” John Watson said.
“I just…can’t. You will still need to grieve on the outside, for appearances. But I am alive, I’m okay. Lestrade or Mycroft will be able to keep you informed. I expect to be able to return to you but it will take some time. You will need to wait.” Sherlock said, the formality and business of the work back in place.
that, Sherlock. Let’s just go, hey?” And he grabbed at Sherlock’s elbow and pulled him in the other direction. Sherlock looked down at where John had touched his arm, as if he were in a trance, confused by the contact and how readily John had done it. “
“What
it be you? You were dead. But it
“Well I can’t promise that,” Sherlock said, the colour running out of his face even further at his brother’s words.
“John.” He said it calmly, but swallowed hard, hoping John didn’t notice. He tried not to let a blush creep up on his cheeks - he felt as if he had been caught in the act of thinking about John and the question confused him momentarily. Luckily for him John had never really been able to read his mind very well, so he supposed he was wrong, but for a brief moment he didn’t know what John was asking.
“It will probably bruise, sorry. It was stupid of me to give you a hammer.”
“Right – and how did he think I would handle that information?”
“She…” he started, sitting up straighter, a little indignant as if he would argue that Molly didn’t know anything but suddenly looked very confused. “Oh.” He stopped for a moment. “
Enjoy listening to the full piece if you’re so inclined. This doesn’t quite match the look of Sherlock, or a female conductor, but it’s my favourite rendition of this sensational piece. I would recommend a listen while you read! Sibelius Violin Concerto in D min, Op 47, Violinist : Maxim Vengerov, Conductor : Daniel Barenboim with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YsbrRAgv1b4
“It’s okay, John. I know you’re not
The orchestra starts with a gentle twinkle, almost inaudible and John is already transfixed. William is so focussed. The anticipation for his first notes is torturous. Finally, he breathes in and places the bow to the string and it’s as if he is playing just for John again in his living room. John is transported back to the house in the forest. It’s the hypnotic melody he had heard Sherlock working on, now echoing through the concert hall, calling up to the enormous crystal chandelier hanging quietly above their heads, and reaching all the cracks in the farthest corners of the theatre like insidious smoke. John has heard Sherlock play for him, but he has never experienced
“Nice to meet you, John,” the man says loudly, with a flourish, taking John’s hand in both of his and shaking it excitedly. “Welcome.” His thick Russian accent is enchanting. He’s an older man, slightly overweight, his hair greying at the temples.
“Moh, Unk Tehrok, mohhhh” She said frustrated, as she tried to make him move around the floor.
Sherlock didn’t answer that. He kept looking out the window. “Are the guys going out after?” he finally asked.
“Whatever you are having,” Sherlock replies politely. John can hear the ruffling of fabric, as Sherlock takes his coat off. He can’t look up. Instead, he gets two glasses and fills them with scotch. Liquid courage. He needs it.
But the moment passes. Sherlock’s practical side wins out. John seems the type that would make a move, if he was going to. And he hasn’t. Sherlock needs to accept that.
Sherlock hummed but didn’t look at John.
His heart rate picked up as dread started to flood through him.
“I went out today. To the yard, to the lab. Saw Gavin and Molly.”
Sherlock muttered some more incomprehensible things, words that didn’t make sense, some of the words sounded foreign, possibly even Serbian. He was delirious.
“Fine,” he stopped, rolling his eyes, as he stood up. “Lestrade doesn’t want you there.”
“So, I said the best place to come for that, was a quiet place that would bring me minimal stress, where we could have unlimited time and space, unlike a studio that costs per minute… and that the best place for that, was my favourite house in the country.”
He had, of course, managed to find the one seat that was surrounded by empty seats and even from this distance, John could see him looking awkwardly around and not being able to sit comfortably. John shook his head and smiled to himself, looking down at his feet for a moment, and then looked back up one last time to see him, and this time their eyes met. Sherlock gave the hint of a smile. Just a hint. Fired right at John.
“Ah… I don’t think I can sorry. I know we don’t have…” John started, and he saw Sherlock’s face drop.  “I
She smiled to herself as he walked out of the lab.
He put his coat and scarf on, just in case Sherlock intended on saying something, anything, to give him time to process.
“What?” Sherlock suddenly changed mood, not giving his meltdown a second thought.
“Can you turn that yawping off?” Sherlock nods at the CD player, and John feels a bit offended.
her room number, where her body was found,” he added.
“I’ll pack up the books, you go.” Sherlock smiled.
,” John said bluntly, looking him up and down with disdain. The anger was coursing through him and he was close to snapping point.
John buys a program on his way hurriedly past. Now that he has committed to staying, his chest flutters with butterflies of excitement. He finds his way awkwardly to the correct door number and is led down the aisle by a very efficient usher. He is surprised to find that he is sitting in the very front row – front and centre in fact – on the left aisle seat. There would be no craning of his neck to catch a glimpse of Sherlock the way he normally had to at cinemas and other events. He always cursed being short, and the universe had a cruel sense of humour, always managing to place someone tall in front of him. He had expected to get some terrible seat in the back corner, walking up without a booking as he had done. He made peace with that on the journey here. To just be here and hear the music – hear Sherlock – would be enough. But now, thanks to the manager, he has possibly the best seat in the house and he momentarily feels guilty for taking it from whoever was supposed to sit here.
“Yes, stop saying my name. I can’t bear it.
“Me too,” Sherlock replies, locking eyes with him. John grabs the plate out of Sherlock’s hands and puts it on the coffee table, proclaiming silently that they are done eating and he has better plans in mind.
“Yeah, must have. Like I said, it’s been a while. I’ll be fine…” John said absently as he came around his desk to sit down, taking a second to look back at Sherlock again first, although Sherlock was very focussed on his reading and didn't notice.
“Yeah. Yeah they’re good,” John replied, nodding. There was more awkward silence. He could feel the tension in his father - as if somehow his injury was to blame for his father's worry and he should apologise. The longer John said nothing, the more tense it became. Finally his dad started pacing, unable to contain the energy he was feeling, waiting for the doctor to appear.
“No, John I—”
Finally, it comes time to record Sherlock’s own composition and he is suddenly very nervous to play it for John, to have his own work played out loud to a room full of people, but especially for John. He’s never liked that bit – playing his own music – it’s such a personal thing to bare your soul onto a page, but to then share it, to play it. Well, it’s another thing altogether, and Sherlock isn’t sure he’s ready. Especially this piece. This piece is full of pining, longing, for one person in particular. Not that anyone in the room would know he’d written it for John. And yet somehow, he feels anxious, he’s convinced himself that the sheer act of playing it aloud, would give everything away.
“I am going to regret having you helping the team while you’re dating John, I just
“You know what? I think it does help, John Watson.” Sherlock gave him a smile.
“What have you lost?” John asked slightly annoyed.
Sherlock whispered loudly, hoping he would hear.
A proper, passionate, “can’t get enough of you”, kiss. No wonder Sherlock was feeling neglected. The blood was rushing in his ears so much in the moment, in all the excitement, that he was completely unaware of the door to his room opening.
me there – that you conjured up a fake version of me…” John paused, trying to control his anger before it flared up again. “Why couldn’t I have been there to help you in the flesh?!”
John was a little disappointed that he didn’t, in fact, get to use up his rage on the club owner. He
“You would do that?” Sherlock was surprised. No one, bar James, had ever skipped class with him before.
The noise echoed between the rooms and John and Greg looked up, startled.
Just as the door to their classroom was opened, and everyone started to file in, Sherlock caught movement again and looked up. It was a man and woman he recognised –
“It’s not like that,” John bristled.
“Sounds like a plan. Coffees everyone?” he joked.
“Oh great,
“I can’t. Can we talk about this properly? Later? After school?”
in his direction any more, you snake.”
“No.” The sting of the word broke Sherlock’s heart a little bit as he realised it was the truth. He had never wanted John like this, at the expense of Mary. He had fantasised, for sure and even hoped things wouldn’t work out between them so John would return. But he had never wanted anything to happen to her, not like this.
Grabbing the flower and folded piece of paper out of his brother’s hand, he runs back to the stage door, avoiding the stares of the crowds now gathering in the foyer, and spilling out into the fresh air. He had hoped not to be recognized but already he hears the gasps of people who know who he is.
“There’s plenty of spares in lost property or whatever. The coach can kit you out,” Mike offered, trying to sound completely relaxed, like kitting out the poor kid was an everyday occurrence, when John knew in reality that was unlikely to be the case. He didn’t want to be a charity case but he also wanted to find a way to fit in.
I’m difficult. I know there are things about me that are
so I knew you were okay,” John whispered angrily.
“Wait, what’s that? She handed him something,” John suddenly noticed, pointing at the screen.
“Sherlock…” John was suddenly nervous.
Thursday 5:39pm
Mary.” Sherlock spoke slowly and clearly.
Chapter Notes: Vassily Sinaisky and the London Philharmonic playing Tchaikovsky Symphony 5. This one is from the Proms, from 2003 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQ2N7dC1vV0
“Yes…” she replied, still hesitant.
“Really?” Sherlock sat straighter, suddenly excited. “You’ll accept it?”
It made Molly’s heart clench a little as she prepared herself. “Sorry. Ah no,
“Thanks Mycroft. See you this evening,” he offered in a rush as he followed Greg out, his legs unable to keep up with him as they left the building in a hurry. John had to jog to catch up to Greg before he was left behind.
“It’s fine."
“I… this is just too much. I don’t know if I’m ready to put pressure on us like this. I don’t know if I want to stay in London, Sherlock.” John’s brow creases in concern.
“Take your shoes off,” he directs.
James stood up slowly, straightened his clothes and checked his face in the mirror. He grabbed a hand towel and wiped the blood under his nose, tossing it into the bin, before looking John up and down once more without a word and walking out.
Sherlock let out his own heavy sigh, in echo. He knew when to stop fighting John – although the fight along the way was often fun for them both. Now John was thankful that Sherlock was surrendering.
“Yes well,” Greg couldn’t help chuckling along. “Why is that? Why are they always so hot?”
“You’ve seen the body, haven’t you?” He asked her.
“Oh. I don’t think that’s a good idea, do you?” Mycroft’s distaste was clear. His face spoke volumes; neither of them wanted to work together. Neither of them liked people in general. If it wasn’t with Sherlock, John wasn’t keen on working with other people, and neither was his brother. John was sure that Mycroft’s climb in the Government was purely a tactic, to have his own office and have the power to tell people when to piss off.
“How much they love each other.”
“How about you leave him be and move on, hey? I wouldn’t want us to have a problem,” John continued on despite the look on Sherlock’s face. He could see that whatever this was, it wasn’t a good situation and he couldn’t walk away now.
“It’s not a
“So, it’s all right for you to ignore your messages when you’re with James? Like the other night? But when I…”
John was sprawled on the floor, with his back against the couch, nearly empty bottle of scotch beside him – the good bottle of scotch. He had pushed the coffee table forward to allow his legs room to stretch out in front of him. Then Sherlock took in more of the scene before him, and icy dread worked its way around his heart when he saw the small box on the floor between John's legs.
He startled at her voice, realising he was not alone.
Suddenly his feet were moving quicker until he realised he was running towards Baker Street.
“I calculated the exact moment that she would—”
“Yeah, how did you—?”
“Sherlock’s really the star now. He has been analysing their play and coming up with tips for the coach.”
Sherlock had called him on it, in his mad state, and demanded that they drive up to pass on the critical information and to… how did he put it?
were there?” Sherlock interrogated incredulously. “You
e,” Sherlock demanded.
“Well, you can’t seriously tell me you need me sleeping on the couch to be able to play, can you? You wouldn’t want my snoring in the recording anyway,” John teases, trying to help lighten the mood.
Sherlock bent his knees to come down a bit closer and let John have control. A moan escaped him at the surprise of it all and John wasted no time kissing him so thoroughly, Sherlock’s brain halted all communication. It was delicious. Like nothing he’d ever experienced. He didn’t even register smells or tastes or any other sensation, his whole system was offline as he focussed on enjoying the moment. John squeezed Sherlock’s curls in his fists and Sherlock let his hands move across John’s back, holding him closer and helping take some of the weight off John’s foot, as they leaned against the locker. Finally, John let the kiss slow and Sherlock wanted it to never end, as John’s lips left his for a moment.
. And you smell of someone’s perfume… Why does it smell familiar? What’s going on?”
“Yes…”
Mary didn’t say anything, she just sat watching them both.
“Yeah. He is,” John agreed, also looking at Mike. "
“Not really, no. Moriarty was of Irish heritage. I suppose the Celtic designs could be some sort of membership card?” he suggested.
” she whispered sympathetically, head to the side.
John stopped and sighed.
“Neither did I. But now we know,” John said.
An hour later, and a fair bit of the bottle gone, the conversation became more comfortable, more personal, their inhibitions lowered enough to feel at ease. Greg felt a pang of disappointment that he had taken this long to get to know the older Holmes brother better.
“You can’t stop me,” John retorts, stroking a curl from his forehead. “And I got enough evidence for a thesis.” He nods in the general direction of the candles. Sherlock doesn’t follow his movement, instead pressing a series of kisses to John’s jaw. “Lucky for you, I am not at all in the mood to argue. Just know that I
“I’ll…I’ll have to ask my Dad first. He doesn’t always let me stay out late. There’s so much school work to catch up on and everything…” John had a million excuses ready to go. Parties were never something he attended. He was never allowed.
Sherlock smiles at John’s modesty and is intrigued by the way he fobs off the compliment. He seems to be a bit nervous tonight. He doesn’t push the point, instead starting on the food as well. He takes his first bite of the stew and is transported back to his childhood.
“I’m listening,” John replied.
The man laughs gently, leaning across to pop the passenger door open for him to jump in. John is thankful for the ride. The store is a few kilometres away and he can’t manage it all the time. Certainly, after the state of his leg yesterday, the walk in and home again was probably a bit ambitious. Elias is a quiet soul, like John, and they travel together in contented silence, thanking each other with a simple nod as John climbs out and navigates his way into the store with his walking stick.
“What? You’re leaving? Again? You only just got here!” John’s eyes became frantic again, looking between Mycroft and Sherlock, pleading, terrified at the realisation he was on a short timeframe all of a sudden.
“I have to go,
“I know. I heard you,” Sherlock divulged.
“Boys. Please. Let’s focus on what he’s here to show us. And he’s with John now, so it goes without saying he’s under our protection. James may well want to keep his distance,” he nodded at Sherlock in support.
“I’m telling the truth, John.” They shared a moment just staring at each other – a standoff usually reserved for seeing who might crack a smile first, who might be joking and finally give up the game, but Sherlock stayed firm, unflinching. John was confused and saddened to realise that there was no game here. Sherlock was deep in this with no information to share.
“Oh yeah. I do,” he agreed and finally he turned and flashed Sherlock a very satisfied, relieved smile.
Sherlock sucked in a loud breath through his teeth at one particularly painful one.
“So do you know how the tattoos fit in? The rings?” Greg finally asked.
“I’m sure they appreciate your team spirit though, John,” Sherlock placated. “You must have won some brownie points on the weekend at least.”
Mike guided him from their period one class to the next. If he talked, Sherlock didn’t hear anything. He was in a daze. He needed to see John, to talk to him. He needed to know what was happening. They were clearly here for a meeting. Was it going to all be over already? Was he already leaving today?
Okay maybe I’m that annoying friend who is missing something here. I haven’t really had a friend to message with before. Or any friends really. Just let me know if I’m overstepping. But you looked after me the other day. So now I’m obligated to make sure you’re okay. That's all.
Bumping into Mike had been an annoyance. Walking through the park, deep in thought and in his own world, making conversation was the very last thing he wanted. Re-entering civilian life had been…
It’s not the boredom when he is home either – days and weeks of nothing really to do but to watch the sunset and wait for it to come up again, hours he used to fill with composing, writing music. No, this boredom is different, more restless. His last self-composed song was almost three years ago. He has done a best-of album now, and one with classics – the most famous violin concertos. Nothing new. As much as he loves playing, his brain hasn’t come up with new pieces in so long, bored and burnt out.
more than friends,” John said simply, quietly. Sherlock almost didn’t hear it. John was also not making eye contact.
“You shut it. We’re throwing the book at you,” Lestrade pointed at him. He knew that may not entirely be true, and his response was childishly aggressive, but he couldn’t stop it coming out. This pimply boy had just fallen asleep and the child in his care had died, and instead of helping her, he had dumped her in a skip to cover it up. God, he hated his job some days.
“You don’t believe in god,” John reminded him.
“Gently,” John reminds him, with a stern look, and Sherlock stops for a moment to connect eyes with John – the two of them frozen in a moment of staring that should be awkward but is surprisingly comfortable.
that part,” Sherlock says flippantly.
“Yes, I’m
“Consider it done.” Lestrade said with a nod, and followed Mycroft out.
“Sure,” she replied simply as she hung up the phone and looked to Sherlock.
All of them were comfortably sitting together, a platter of food on the coffee table catching his eye and his stomach gave a loud gurgle in response to the opportunity. He gave an angry glance down as if that would silence his body’s involuntary response. The group of them had obviously been drinking wine and were laughing as they shared stories. Even John was giving them a version of himself Sherlock hadn’t seen for a good week or more. Without Sherlock in the room to bother him, he looked relaxed, happy almost. Mycroft finished telling them an embarrassing tale from their youth, which made Sherlock want to roll his eyes but the soft smile on John’s face made him pause. John took over then, sharing together in the combined telling of funny things Sherlock had said under the influence of the medication during his recovery, with a woman Sherlock didn’t recognise. She had evidently been at the flat, as she had a few tales to tell, much to the delight of the others. She was sitting on the arm of John’s chair, and as she leaned over to fill his glass with more wine, the pair of them laughed with each other, tears of joy in their eyes. Sherlock’s stomach lurched at the sight of John looking so happy. He was fairly certain he’d never seen John look at him with quite that much sparkle. Sherlock would never allow an emotion as pedestrian as jealousy to take over, but in that moment he felt… lesser. John had always seemed to prefer women and seeing him there with that woman made him suddenly doubt whether this life at Baker Street was really what John wanted. Had the relief of Sherlock returning and being alive, the need to nurse Sherlock back to health, forced John into something he would not have otherwise chosen?
“I feel like I should leave the room, maybe go and check on Sherlock?” Mary tried again to politely remove herself, all the while not really moving.
Neither of them had realised just how much John had cared about Sherlock because caring was something they stayed far away from. They had not considered the ramifications of leaving him out of the planning. Ensuring he witnessed the fall, and grieved it as the trusted friend, was part of the plan. To ensure he remained safe, to ensure he remained blame free and could live on. It had not occurred to them that John was not willing to live as long as Sherlock did not. It was a cost Sherlock had already decided was beyond his ability to live with. He knew what his decision was, the second he was told. The second he had returned to British soil and he was told. There had been no other option for him. He had just been waiting.
“Sherlock…”
how stressful it can be. I know, John. It’s okay.”
______________________
“I…thank you for bringing the work. That was really nice,” John said, not wanting Sherlock to go, and trying to stand quickly as well. He smarted at the pain in his ribs, letting out a loud groan and Sherlock leaned forward to help him up. John took a second to steady himself on his feet as Sherlock watched arms protectively waiting in case he needed to catch him if he lost balance. They both stood there awkwardly, not making eye contact.
his heart plummeted. How was he going to say this?
“I know.” The boy said simply before turning on his heel and walking out of the bathroom.
“What? Just like that?” John sits up straighter, his eyes looking panicked.
“William?” a voice interrupts from somewhere in the flat. “William?” it calls out again.
Sherlock thinks, proud to call this man his. Just as beautiful in this as he is in a suit. And Sherlock has seen him in lots of those during the tour, John always being the one he fixed his eyes on as he played, the awe in the eyes of the man he loves a constant motivation to be just a bit better than the previous night. To have him there, as he took his bows, the concert hall bursting with applause, to know John would be coming to his dressing room, after, to just hold him, until the rush of emotions ebbed away, was priceless, a real privilege. Sherlock is a lucky man, to have met John; clever, loyal, kind John Watson. Even luckier to get him all to himself for the whole summer, now.
?” Sherlock was surprised. This was not the response he expected. He sat back in his chair to take John in.
“Yeah, me too,” Greg admitted quietly.
“Freak’s on site,” Donovan called out to the people closer to the skip, before Lestrade could say anything. He shot her a look and she responded with raised eyebrows as if to challenge him. Even so, she turned without a word and walked back towards the police cars, to guard the laneway. Her heels clacking as she went. The noise was irritating. He never understood why women wore heels for police work - particularly to a crime scene of all places. At least Donovan knew it was best for her to be out of Sherlock’s space. Even after everything that had happened, she was staunch in her belief that he didn’t belong here and jealous that Lestrade valued his opinion too much. She thought Greg used Sherlock as a crutch, like an addiction, and she was sure if he really took the time, he would be able to solve a lot of the cases on his own. If he only tried. Or if he only let
“Well... it’s become more… interesting lately,” Sherlock offered.
“John you’re probably not in much of a state to be helping me right now,” Sherlock tried to steady his voice, but having John hold his hand like that had set his pulse racing.
are. I’d be an idiot to turn that down,” he said with a smile.
of his failings – especially not the most important one either – Mary was never Sherlock.
John relaxed back down and took one more mouthful, chewing quickly and swallowing as he shook his head. “No, nothing significant yet. I’ve been thinking about the day of the explosion, though.”
“I love you,” he says, against the star-shaped scar on John’s shoulder, his voice loud in the quiet between them.
And Sherlock was terrified it might be true.
artfully before he had even realised what he was doing. When he finally realised, the teacher’s voice bringing him back to earth, he tore the corner of his notebook page off and scrunched it up, placing it in his pocket in disgust. What was he doing? That was utterly ridiculous!
“I know,” Sherlock said quietly back. “I’m sorry. After a while, it had been too long. And it seemed easier to…” his voice drifted off. “At least, if I had died on the mission, well we felt it would be easier to wait… until it was all over. Not make people mourn twice.”
“Agents? What, all of them?” Greg asked, looking up incredulously.
“No. You don’t get a say, Sherlock,” John said, pointing at him angrily again. “You made a decision already and it was the
of his head. Like an entire construction site had set up camp inside his skull. Like a jackhammer and a stump driver were thumping,
want to hear that.”
have done it. The Sherlock I know, is kind and loving. But—”
! You’re jealous!” Sherlock revelled in this new information.
“Bugger it,” John said, finally throwing caution to the wind. He leaned in, moving his hand up to Sherlock’s jaw to steady himself and taking Sherlock’s lips with his own.
John’s brow creased. “You want to
“I’m just going to duck to the loo. Don’t disappear on me okay?” He said, waiting for Sherlock to nod silently.
“Yeah, I know. And I didn’t, I know.” John lets out a heavy sigh of resignation. “I didn’t want to disturb you. You were very focussed and…” John realizes how weak it all sounds and tries to reset his confidence. “After all, when exactly is it a good time to open a door during a recording, anyway? I didn’t want to ruin a take, or what have you. So, I left. I’m sorry. I
“Well he’s not here and he can’t help… and he’s not the only man in England to ever solve a crime,” Greg reacted, a little jealously. “I
“Wait. Jacket first. You
Sherlock stayed quiet but shook his head slowly, looking down with dread. John recognised that look. The sense of dread when you wanted to avoid an attack at all costs. Complete defeat.
“Well it’s just that with a new relationship…”
“Yes, so it seems. Don’t worry about me, I can stand my ground… once I get off these
John’s heart squeezed tighter in that moment. Sherlock was more vulnerable than he had realised and that was why he was acting nicer than he had expected. This didn't seem like someone who didn’t want John there.
. I’ve had about all I can take of bullies this week and I’m ready.” John’s voice was suddenly quiet and menacing.
Sherlock stumbles to the chair, his knees finally giving in. The cushions have lost all traces of his brother’s warmth. Even so, Sherlock curls up against them, not bothering to close the window as he drifts into sleep once more.
a patient – that was how he would get through this. At least he hoped he could manage it. And then, although it felt right for him to be here at Baker Street again, he would pack his things and go back to life without Sherlock. Turns out he was good at that, too. It was a meaningless, empty existence, but it had become his home for the last two years. He would return there and leave Sherlock alone. That was clearly how Sherlock wanted it. How John was going to extract himself from Baker Street was something he would worry about later – in a month or so, he expected – when Sherlock was able to look after himself.
he had made a very large error in judgement that night. For starters, he had chosen not to listen to John. He had finally hit his limit when it came down to being cooped up in the flat. The trade-off had been spending more time with John, locked away from the world and just being together. But John was so protective and had been treating Sherlock like something fragile that would shatter. They had enjoyed taking things slow in the beginning, testing the shifting of their new boundaries. But Sherlock had started to resent his injuries, his recovery, John’s behaviour.
get the last one?” the man asks him, suddenly.
John didn’t want to ruin the mystery by bestowing a name on him – not that they would ever meet – but somewhere along the week of footage-watching-insanity, John had accepted this gorgeous man as “his”. Name or not, this man was all John could focus on when he was on screen. Sometimes he danced about along the pavement in front of the café, muttering to himself as he worked on something in his head. Other days he would come inside and sit over a drink and mutter to himself inside. He never met with anyone, he was always alone, always deep in thought. John thought he was the most interesting human, and he wished wildly to himself that he had met this person. There was a little stab in his chest every time he paused to think about that. This man had been caught up in the explosion too and no longer existed. The very idea of him was just a fantasy in John’s head. But it had been so long since John had been inspired by anything at all, or any
“Sorry. I know Sherlock. But you know he’s just hurting now and he doesn’t mean that. He needs you, he really does. He will come around.” She tried to reassure him. "He just needs some time. You know how he is."
“But… well my therapist—” He closed his eyes in disgust at letting it slip out, his pathetic self-pity. But Mycroft cut him off just as quickly.
you to go, John.
“Well? Didn’t you? What else am I supposed to think?”
“No, he would have been holed up in the flat with you, right? I suspect either Sherlock is not responsible at all, or this link is just an unlucky coincidence,” he answered.
“I’m not an idiot, John.”
“That you were—” Greg didn’t want to say it. Why had he asked? “That you wanted men, instead of women?” he finally clarified.
“You left me,” John said his face starting to dissolve into emotion, unable to hold the anger any more.
He rolls his shoulders to shake off the embarrassment of the whole experience, then pops his ticket into the jacket inside pocket. Now that he is sorted, he takes a moment to wander around the foyer, to pass the time. He looks up at the ornate ceilings and admires the other decorative aspects of the building’s architecture. His feet carry him to the bar where he is greeted by a friendly man and he orders a drink. He notices that the man doesn’t look him up and down and he feels a sense of relief that maybe he isn’t so out of place now. He owes that manager a debt for sorting him the jacket. A lady comes in with buckets of flowers and sets herself up at the base of the stairs, preparing for the onslaught of customers. He hesitates for a moment, wondering if he should buy something for Sherlock, before dismissing it.
“Sherlock.”
John crossed his arms and leaned back on the glass, daring Greg to justify his position and Greg sighed with the realisation that he was going to have to explain.
Saturday 6:47pm
, he chastises himself.
As a test, the team jumped John forward, not giving him a full eight minutes. They jumped him a mere one minute forward in time. Not even a change in coordinates, just a simple jump forward. One minute, alone in the office space, which John spent on the floor, emptying the contents of his stomach. Breathing deeply, he tried frantically to get his head around the sensation which incapacitated him completely. The rest of the team thought it was hilarious. It had been a while since they had a new recruit to observe in action. Mycroft looked slightly less impressed, his mouth pinched, his face serious when John looked over at him. He left the room after ensuring John had survived it, without a word, deep in thought.
The shop owner just raises an eyebrow. “It’s good to see you here.” She starts storing some glasses of jam in one of the cupboards. “Together,” she adds.
“No, you are. You
“But I don’t
“Don’t go anywhere,” she said cheekily back at him.
“John, it means a lot to Sherlock to find someone who loves him the way you do.”
indent with discolouration – like a proper callus. I’d seen one like it before.”
“One hundred and seven micromoles would be considered the high end of normal. You’re way over. I’m amazed you’re upright, honestly,” Molly added, since John was unable to stay calm.
John released him once they were safely in the corridor and turned to close the interview room door, taking a moment to suck in some breaths of air and calm himself down before turning back to look at the state of Sherlock, who was pacing wildly. His coat was swishing about his legs as he stalked, then it flailed in the air as he turned around to change direction, like a super hero cape. John had never really noticed that before. Sherlock had always told him not to believe in heroes. But he had always idolised Sherlock, probably more than was healthy to.
“Oh Sherlock. What have you done?” he said quietly to the room.
How could he have been so negligent? Obviously, Sherlock shouldn’t have slept for twelve hours straight unchecked. John put his hands on either side of Sherlock’s face. “Don’t bloody go leaving me
“Yes, they did. It actually worked perfectly. I think tomorrow is going to be a cracker game,” John said with a smile which dropped just as quickly, when he made eye contact again.
…I don’t think… I can survive a second run of that.”
“Give me the files, I’ll take a look,” he said reluctantly. He knew he wouldn't go. Not really. But he couldn't face the argument.
“Yeah okay. I
special, Sherlock. You’re certainly not worth
They devour the stew quicker than either of them expected.
John lets out a loud sigh and gives him a disbelieving look.
“What? Oh yes, sorry,” he fumbled as he held the folder up from under his arm and brought it forward to hand to Mycroft, who then walked around his desk to sit and look at it properly.
As he turned into the laneway, he stopped up short as his eyes caught a glimpse of something. Halfway down, crumpled on the ground, was John. Sherlock had almost missed him, an overgrown climbing vine covering the brick wall of the laneway providing an almost camouflage for John.
“I told you, I don’t have to go. We have an arrangement.” Sherlock thought about it, seriously considered it.
“You could come along?” Greg offered, snuggling closer, putting his head onto Mycroft’s shoulder in an attempt to cheer him up.
“John!” Mycroft barked finally. His voice echoed across the room, stopping the argument in its tracks.
“Starving!” he replies, sounding relieved. “Your fridge leaves a lot to be desired, you know. I think the first job tomorrow will be a trip to the store. I’m not even going to ask what is in that container on the second shelf,” he teases.
“Oh, are you okay?” John suddenly was more alert. “What do you need?”
Had that really happened? Or had he just imagined it?
“Right. That’s sorted.” John said as he walked back into the flat. “She can help tomorrow.” Sherlock felt a stab of guilt but said nothing.
“Oh, I know that. But I thought it would be so much sweeter with your angelic voice bickering into my ear all the way to the top.” He takes off his backpack, handing Sherlock his bottle of water, before taking a gulp of his own. John is sweating, his shirt damp at the back. He enjoys the exertion, proud that his leg is barely hurting, even after three hours of this.
“I see,” Sherlock said, processing the information, deep in thought.
“I’m not…” he sighs, calming slightly, the rush of adrenaline slowly seeping out of his bloodstream and bringing back some common sense. “I’m
Gunshots and shouting echoed across the rock walls, as John led the way, attacking every last person he could find. He was ready for this last battle. For Sherlock.
“Yes, yes, I’m okay, it’s just my leg. I’ve been shot in the leg.”
Donovan walked into the house calmly, just as the officers wrangled and dragged the hostile mystery man out. She held out a hand to help John get up off the floor, in a gesture that was far kinder than John ever gave her credit for being capable of.
“Not a problem at all,” Greg said, with an uncomfortable throat clear, his hands finding their way to his coat pockets as he rocked uncomfortably on his feet for a moment under Mycroft’s compliment. “They’ve taken DNA samples and run a tox screen, John. They removed the pocket lining from his jacket – where the weapon was located – for further testing and scanned the rest of it too, but they decided to let him take the coat. I’ll have to go back now and finish some paperwork. In fact, there are a few things you may need to sign, Mycroft, as his next of kin,” he said, looking across at the older brother with a nod.
. That aftershave, the three-piece suit, the posh accent. Opening up like he normally doesn’t bother to. It set Greg’s head into overdrive. Years of fantasies being lived out at an alarming rate inside his brain and he had no control over it. He gave his face another splash and went to grab some paper towel, only to realise the dispenser was empty. He wiped his hands on his trouser legs to dry them, in annoyance, and stopped to look at himself in the mirror for a moment. His hair had greyed a little more – every year a little more. He was
It hadn’t occurred to him that Mycroft would tell John everything and invite him back to be the carer. Having Mycroft and a parade of hired nurses fussing over him had been painful enough. How was he going to face John? How could he expect John to do this? Mycroft had only just told him yesterday, that John had not been living in Baker Street this whole time, during his absence. It had admittedly been a blow to the chest – almost more painful than his broken ribs. He had only just wrapped his head around that fact, around the absence of John, when in he had strolled to Sherlock’s room as if it was a regular Tuesday. As if it was perfectly normal. As if Sherlock hadn’t lied to him in the worst possible way. Naturally, the fact that he couldn’t make eye contact or bear to be in the same room with Sherlock for long was a clear indication that he was covering up just how very far from usual this all was. He hadn’t covered his conflicted anguish very well.
“The missing shoe is
He stood with that thought for all of about thirty seconds before he couldn’t help himself – he took out his phone and checked it. Still nothing. He was starting to feel a sense of dread about Sherlock, but before he could take any more action, he was swept up by some of the team who clapped him on the back and cheered.
“Oh sure, no problem,” the man replied, starting to fumble with the coffee machine. “What kind of meeting?”
“How are they going?” Sherlock asked casually, nodding to the players.
“Well, you get what you pay for,” Sherlock chuckles, pulling John against his chest and continuing to laugh into John’s hair. It’s a laugh that borders on hysteria and overwhelming relief.
As he stepped in tentatively, Mike greeted him. “C’mon in Sherlock. Don’t be shy! You’re part of the team now.”
“No. That couldn’t be helped. I just thought between you…and Molly…”
“Sherlock! What…what happened?” John asked, dropped, crouching on the floor beside him. Sherlock looked up at John, searching his face for a second and then putting his head back down, unable to speak. “Are you hurt?” John asked frantically, starting to run his hands over Sherlock’s back and arms and head, not really taking in that he was touching him so much, more as a protective check, like a parent would do. “What the hell Sherlock? What’s the matter?”
“You’ve been looking for the right person, that would find your brother just interesting enough to push the boundaries. It’s why you had so much trouble with recruits.”
“The struggle of trying to climb the career ladder—” Mycroft began, staring into his glass.
“No no Tehrok!” Rosie began to cry. Sherlock sat up, gently placing her on the ground and John smoothly swept her up and onto his hip, handing Sherlock the phone. He bounced Rosie on his hip, moving away down the corridor to allow Sherlock to hear, but to be close enough to listen in. The hairs on the back of his neck standing up, and ready for battle. At this hour, Mrs Hudson would probably be awake and would be willing to take Rosie. She was always an early riser. John felt a stab of guilt at how instantly his pulse had quickened at the idea of leaving his daughter to go on a case.
Mycroft sneered, despite clearly hearing the guilt in John’s voice as well. He could tell John was assuming drugs, with the fight as the trigger. “You haven’t been…
“Me? Well, yes. Technically. I just needed a break. Rough morning,” Greg found himself saying, a blush creeping up on his cheeks with guilt. He was on call and it probably wasn’t a good look to be off his game to the family of the person he should be trying to clear.
- that I will take care of you both and not let anything happen to you. And it was just… seeing this little girl, I felt like I was… I don’t know, looking into a future where I failed again… and I would not be able to live through that. Losing her like that. But I don’t know how to protect her, John. This little girl was just playing and then… it wasn’t even her fault and it just… how am I supposed to protect Rosie from that?”
“Shut up,” was all Sherlock could manage in rebuttal.
Sherlock's personal space before. It felt so frighteningly real, that Sherlock realised he had probably slipped beyond playful imaginings into a full-blown hallucinatory state. He was probably desperately in need of medical attention now. It was too late.
“I’ve got you,” he said again, realising how much they both needed to hear it.
He hears Mrs. Hudson chuckle, as she goes back to her work. “Not going to ask any questions.”
“Okay,” John echoed and they both stopped still for a moment, the tension back in the air. It wasn’t like them to be uncomfortable with each other. “It’s just that, I feel so helpless. You know, being a doctor and not being able to help you. Not even bloody
John kisses that red swollen mouth again, but it is more a giggle than a kiss. “It’s okay, Sherlock. Let’s go to bed. Let’s
“Ah yes, but they’re still there, even so, aren’t they? The remnants of them are still there – the reminder, still there. Just as the emotional torture will remain, no matter how much you want it to go.”
“I assure you I’m not that easy! You had genuinely good ideas. I wouldn’t have mentioned it to Mike if I didn’t think so,” John smiled. He understood this fear. He felt like that every time he entered a new school, and he gathered Sherlock wasn’t one to mingle with students at the best of times, particularly the football team of all people.
John was taken aback by the statement and didn’t know how to respond. He suddenly felt very tired. The shock of the dream, the shock of the whole morning in fact, finally wearing him down. He put his face in his hands for a moment.
“Great. Sherlock…” Lestrade began finally looking up from his notepad.
John stood on the street, dazed to be really standing there. Watching the security footage over and over, it felt like he had visited this place a thousand times before, despite having never actually been here in his life. The team had been very cagey about exactly
“Sherlock!” he called out as he ran forward.
Saturday 6:51pm
“No, please. I need to do the apologising again, for this one," John began, and Sherlock finally looked at him which made him lose his train of thought. "Um… Sherlock, the things is, that I’m not used to having nice things, or having people who look out for me. It’s just always been me and my family. A dad who’s got a lot of issues - probably PTSD - and takes it out on his son, who he wants the best for really. But because of his job, we move around a lot and his son gets the raw end of the deal, a lot of the time. I’m not used to trusting people or relying on people and so,” he sighed heavily, “so it didn’t occur to me that it was a nice gesture - a romantic gesture even. I just saw it as charity and I don’t want pity or charity...”
He didn’t know how to tackle someone like Mycroft. This man was always an enigma. So smart and much colder than his brother. Less likely to share in a joke or suffer idiots. Way out of his league, that much was certain. But a part of him always wanted to see if he could break through that exterior and find something special under there.
The man looked at him and smiled, without answering. The smile sent a chill down the back of John’s neck. He would have happily put the bullet through this man’s head, but he also needed answers and he wanted the man to be put to justice. Lestrade could squeeze some answers from him first.
“No, you listen to me, Greg. I don’t want to talk,” John said viscously, “put
“Obviously,” John says, annoyed that he’s stuck in a position of weakness, naked and trapped under the gaze of the tall man, who’s enjoying his position of superiority far too much for John’s liking.
“He’ll be all right, love. I’ll make sure he eats and rests,” she reassured him, giving his arm a squeeze as she walked by him and into the kitchen.
“Fine.” Sherlock doesn’t want to argue. Mycroft makes all the decisions where these things are concerned, and Sherlock had let him. He has no one to blame but himself for that. Apparently capturing it all on film, to create some sort of launch video or film clip, is what the people want.
“I’m glad you did,” he confessed.
fine. Not even a little bit. He’s had a complete meltdown here. Yes of course I am. I’m bringing him back to London now. Yes. Can you have Mary meet us back at the flat, I’ll need her help. Thanks, yes of course. I’ll keep you posted. Yes we’ll be at Baker Street.”
He closed his eyes again and tried to conjure images of that fantasy in his mind for a moment. Maybe it would distract him from the pain that was starting to build again. They had been keeping him dosed on the good stuff, and he hated the moment when it started to wear off and he had to resort to asking for another dose. He never thought Mycroft would allow opioids, given his addiction history. Mycroft relenting to it must mean that Sherlock had been rescued in even worse shape than he thought.
“You can see that the camera is mostly focussing on the café itself, and not very well at that, but if we pause it right… about… there!” she said loudly, so Anderson stopped it.
John’s heard the story multiple times. Ludwig II, the swan king, is a celebrity here, popular especially with the tourists, mostly for the castles he built in the 19th century, castles that represent his love for medieval times. It might also be his mysterious death that fascinates some.
“Sherlock please don’t, just…don’t okay?” John pressed more firmly.
“Honestly, you’re like a child sometimes! Could you… I don’t know… just look after yourself, please?” John said, putting his head into his hand in frustration. Part of it caused by disbelief and part of it from the humiliation of Molly seeing what a bad friend and flatmate he was to not have realised until this point. For his creatinine level to be this high, Sherlock had to have been deteriorating for a while now. Although, to be fair, Molly was well aware of their dysfunctional flatmateship and Sherlock’s stubbornness. It still made him cringe to himself.
John had spent so long doing this with the footage too, he couldn’t help jumping in but he’d never been privy to this footage. Anderson worked it back and forth and finally found the frame where it twisted to the front window. John could see clear as day, Sherlock sitting at the front window. And was surprised to realise it was the same moment John had just been viewing earlier, but from a new angle: Sherlock with his hand desperately on the window. Only now, from this angle, from behind Sherlock, he could see the person out on the street that Sherlock was talking to. It looked like…
“Delivered to my flat. I’ve watched it three times already. I can’t… I don’t know what you two have done, but I want in on this,” John demanded.
,” Lestrade replied firmly, very aware that foot traffic was beginning to gather nearby, various people moving to their next class or off to lunch. Some of them were throwing looks in their direction. Mycroft’s attire was enough to draw attention. It was obvious he was someone official.
She bit her tongue, the sadness penetrated the room. She knew not to push any further.
He started by noting down the time on screen and his initial observations. He would go back to the start again and add more detail later. He was still unsure what was important about this footage. Was it just a test of observational skills and how much he noticed? It was unclear at this stage, but John made a start. He spent a brief moment wondering if he’d actually been pranked by Mike. It was just the sort of elaborate stunt Mike would be up for. After he’d told his friend of his application to MI5, Mike had laughed into his beer for a full ten minutes before being able to discuss it sensibly. John had tried not to be offended, but Mike made fun of him at every possible moment, the smug bastard. No, he wouldn’t put it past Mike – setting up something like this to make a point.
You can do it :)
I’m out with the football team tonight. We went out together after practice. Figured I should get to know the team better.
“You are, aren’t you? You’re the one who has been messaging all weekend. Were you the one he was out late with on Friday too?” He was not shouting, but Sherlock could definitely feel himself begin to shake a little. This man knew how to assert himself over people very well. The military training was evident in everything from his posture to his tone. He wasn't in uniform but even his clothes were pressed with precision, the shirt tucked tightly in and the belt firm on his waist. His appearance screamed military.
Sherlock turns his head to look at his violin, propped up in the armchair just opposite. He had tried playing it earlier, grabbed his violin in desperation, hoping that if he played long enough, a new song would emerge from the strings, just appearing like fog to cover the furniture around him, to sink into every pore. He had started with something familiar, a piece he had written years ago, simple enough to get himself warmed up. He had let his fingers dance against the strings, as he had done so many times before, hoping desperately his heart would guide him. Eyes closed, he had tried to get his mind blank, to just let go. It hadn’t worked, and Sherlock had grown more and more irritated, angry, the feelings translating into his music, the sounds harsh and angular, and nothing like what he had wanted them to be. He had played and played and played, but nothing had satisfied him, until he had just given up.
- and he was led inside. He couldn’t help glancing up at the high ceiling, where a fancy antique chandelier hovered over the foyer area, lighting a table and large vase filled with an extravagant white lily arrangement.
“You look like hell,” Mycroft said, finally.
“Gentlemen,” the owner cooed as he came down the stairs to their level. “Danny Everitt,” he said, offering his hand to Greg for a firm handshake. His cologne was far too overpowering, making Greg’s stomach lurch. He needed to eat, and the smell was not helping, making his empty gut gurgle loudly.
The second thing he noticed was the pain; the
It’s not threatening in any way, although it has some authority behind it. If anything, it’s gentle, almost sympathetic, or generous, and John blushes furiously.
Donovan put her hands in her pockets and nodded at the officer beside her, who stood and moved to Sherlock, to stand him up.
Sherlock whispered quietly to the room, his voice cracking.
John spins around to find an older gentleman, very well dressed, watching him. “Yes?” he asks, assuming he is in the way, or doing something wrong.
The atmosphere at the game was filled with a spark, like the hum of static electricity in the air - that tangible crinkle in the air of anticipation. Unlike other teams he had played for, John could tell this school really loved their football. It wasn’t just the parents and close friends of the teams attending. This was a proper event for the local community surrounding the school. It was a big crowd. This first match was on home soil, so it was even more special to John, being able to play on the grounds at his new school, where things were starting to feel settled.
John.” Sherlock’s voice shook. He had no idea how to process this information from John or this emotion in his chest. He couldn’t take in a proper breath.
Friday 7:35pm
John laughed to himself. It certainly did. He kicked at the floor nervously, impatiently.
John let out a loud sigh. “I cheated on her.”
“I think we both know that’s not true, John,” Greg said, in a calculated attempt to break through.
John noticed. Sherlock always teased him for being unobservant, but when it came to bodies and medical details, John was far cleverer than Sherlock ever gave him credit for.
to get out of here,” he said. "If someone sees us together, they’re going to kick me out of this dorm. Scholarship over before it’s really begun,” John teased him.
“Yes. Yes, of course,” John replies, brightening his tone and smiling again. He puts his hands on Sherlock’s backside, pulling him closer between his legs in a hug, resting his cheek on Sherlock’s belly. “Shall we continue where we left off?” he asks, now in better spirits.
“Sherlock, no—” John is unsure where this is going. Sherlock is enjoying confusing him.
“Boys—” John groaned from the floor suddenly.
“Oh, sure. Of course it’s okay,” Sherlock rushes to be polite, ignoring the disappointment in his gut, the growing anxiety at the things he doesn’t want to say yet.
“Sherlock…”
“Do you need a lift at least or anything?” Mike asked him.
As he looked around, everything was quiet. Sherlock got very nervous having John there in his room, and he stood back just observing John take in his surrounds.
“I was tired. I just… fell asleep,” the boy said flippantly with a shrug of his shoulders, a little defiantly at Sherlock for asking. John already straightened off the wall, knowing that was not going to be taken well, but not quickly enough.
“Well, that was never my plan. My grandmother played the violin. She taught me a bit when I was a kid, and my parents made me play at birthday parties and Christmases, to show off. I loved it, loved composing.” Sherlock empties his mug and calls the waiter over to get the bill.
now. Everything’s fine.”
“That was amazing, William. That’s going straight to the album,” the sound man says with a smile.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boJhWtw-6Gg
I don’t. I’m just worried about you. And I’m so tired,” he said, his shoulders sagging at the very word.
Thursday 6:52pm
Sherlock’s eyes snapped up to John’s then in fear.
“Is that wise… sir?” a particularly scrawny man had the audacity to ask, gaining a glare from Mycroft that even made John blush from the sidelines.
“Oh he’s very sweet though, Sherlock. Don’t be too hard on him, he’s just worried about you. How long have you two been together, anyway?” she asked, as she fed the pillow into the fresh fabric. “Sherlock?” she asked when he didn’t answer.
Mycroft sat down in one of the other chairs.
“Or at least it’s similar but with a longer piece – not sure if that’s artistic choice or deliberate?” she said, looking to Greg for an opinion. “Can’t figure out what it means yet. Could be a coincidence? Celtic patterns like this are pretty popular in the tattoo world I’m sure. It’s an attractive design.”
“Do they know?” John pointed angrily in the direction of the team.
Lol you’re really keeping that up?
“Better?” he asked.
The rest of the class went by in a blur as Sherlock sat and sketched the eyes of the John Watson on his book. He had even curled out the letters for
Sherlock didn’t know what to say, so he just sat quietly looking at his hands in his lap.
open them this time. His sight was blurry, his eyes felt like they had been glued together. The agonising pain was, unfortunately, a reality and he could hear the beeping of a heartrate monitor.
No all our emails are the same, and you're already in the online college directory too
“Yes, it’s here. Mycroft left it for you to read, when you felt up to it,” John said, getting up from the chair.
The footage also clearly showed Sherlock leaving the hotel, without the woman, and getting into a cab outside.
“You’re insane.” John glanced towards the doorway where Mycroft had returned and was listening in. “
“Sherlock… you really you don’t have to—”
“You know I care about you,” he says with a soft smile, placing a hand on John’s thigh.
Mary’s grave still had flowers from the funeral – only a week before, some still thriving while others had died and remained there shrivelling against the earth. John had clearly not been here, or he would have tidied it, surely. Some stray leaves had fallen on the top of her gravestone and Sherlock waved them off as if that would help his guilt somehow.
Sherlock smiled, and they sat together in silence for a bit.
They leaned in and kissed each other again. A kiss that was so filled with aching hearts and sadness they could taste it. The bittersweet kiss of finding someone to love, only to have it ripped from you. This would have to be enough. For now.
“… because… because he loves you.”
And before he can even reach out to stop him, John has walked quickly past him, out of the flat, and out into the night.
I say anything? I’m the awkward new kid and…”
“But they
“Oh yes, absolutely. You’re right. I just… didn’t expect you to actually take me up on it,” John laughs. “You don’t seem to be the type to…” John pauses, trying to decide how to politely point out that someone of his talents and lifestyle probably lacks the skills. He decides to leave that thought and not offend him. “Please, come in. I could really use the help, actually. Sometimes it’s hard to do certain things with only one set of hands.”
to everything. He needs massive doses just to not leap out of bed.”
. I’m angry. It’s not your fault,” he added.
Molly slowly moved the zip down the bag.
“I think there is a strong possibility that they may have been recruited by Moriarty at some stage, yes.”
With one final moment’s pause, he opens the latch and walks the path to the door. The music suddenly stops and for a moment, John’s mind starts to wonder if he imagined it the whole time, or if somehow his entry on the path to the house has
Deciding to get up and move around to help put his nervous energy somewhere productive, John shuffled his legs off the bed and stood up, appreciating the stability he felt in having his feet firmly planted on the ground. He lifted his shirt, checking his ribs one more time, just to be sure, before looking up to the heavens in relief.
