This is so sad. Alexa, give Cas happiness (oh wait no the emp-)
Not me accidentally typing Jensen instead of Dean while writing this
When I made that joke last chapter  I didn’t actually MEAN it
I've been working on sleep deprivation the whole week and couldn't write at all. Hopefully I get back into the groove so I don't have to delay updates again! Have a great day everyone, and happy birthday Dean! I love you <3
Dean heaved a heavy sigh, and packed his bag. He stood up and turned his back to Charlie.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean?!”
The two turned back to see a girl with dark, curly hair, leaning against the doorframe  as she glared at Castiel.
im gonna go watch 12x10 because that's my favourite episode
They were not allowed to use pictures of the internet, they had to source their own references from real life, pictures taken by themselves. They were to choose from a list of themes that will be given to them at the beginning of the project, and they couldn’t bring their project home to continue. If they wanted extra time on their project, they’d have to stay back in school. Donna explained that these rules will apply to the paired project as well, and a larger scale of this project in the third year of school, amongst other classes. She warned them that the first year was going easy on them, and that they’ll need to get their shit together if they want to survive the rest of the two years drowning in deadlines.
“Thank you thank you thank you! I’ll see you on Saturday!”
Sorry I'm late! Got caught up reading fics...
It seemed so fitting.
It was the first time he ever had such a strong reaction.
It was a week before Castiel could return to school. He wasn’t able to meet any friends today, not that he wanted to. Now that his mind was cleared, he worried about how this would affect his relationship with everyone, especially Dean. He blushed at the thought of Dean helping him to the Omega Wing, and how embarrassing he was for using Dean as an outlet for his heat. No one was available during lunch break so Castiel ran out of school to get a bite in a crowded restaurant, since the classrooms were being used and it wasn’t safe for him to be in school. Naomi had made him more food than usual because he had just ended his heat and needed all the nutritions, but the store didn’t allow outside food, so he regrettably had to leave Naomi’s good intentions in his bag. He sat around for a while until it was about time to leave, then quickly ran back to the classroom he needed to go, leaving no opportunity for anyone to stop him. Come the end of the school day, he was expecting Dean to pick him up. He sat in the classroom, waiting to receive a text from the Alpha, but after twenty minutes of waiting, there was no news at all. Perhaps Dean was caught up in class? The tutors and lecturers usually preferred to end on time, or earlier if possible, but there were some extra enthusiastic ones that stuck around to answer students’ questions.
Please comment any criticisms if you have any! I really want to write a good story with this one, I really like it (and I cannot wait to get to the middle part where everything is nice... or is it)!
I don't really have any intentions on having Charlie/Jo in this story, but what do you guys think?
It would be the following week’s Wednesday when Castiel would meet Gabriel again.
Castiel sighed. The other two didn’t notice. He forced a smile when Jo asked him a question that he didn’t pay attention to, and she quickly turned her focus back on to Dean.
Recently the Castiel sewing his trenchcoat video resurfaced again for me and I'm about to cry he's so cute
Okay so before we begin, I'd like to explain the school system for this world, and the different ages. It pretty much follows the Singaporean education system (because I'm Singaporean).
“Your little commotion last week didn’t just affect you.” Castiel tilted his head, his eyes darting between the stranger and a tense Jo.
The precious one sentence, and everyone uses it differently. Some may spurt out hurtful words in the heat of the moment, and forever hurt their loved ones. Some save it for saying goodbye, to their dying parents, or to their children when it’s their turn to leave. Some may just use it to order a pizza maybe, because they were feeling lazy that one day.
I need to lie down
“So how’d you two meet?” Dean asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
He quickly turned his back and walked away before his quivering lips became too obvious.
Aaaand that was the end! I hope you all enjoyed the story, and please leave comments on what you thought about it and criticisms are always welcome! Thank you very much, and I will try to post the next chapter as soon as possible!
“I’m meeting my friends for lunch.” Castiel gets an idea. “Remember that friend I said you’d love to meet? She’ll be there too.”
“And what?”
Dean nodded. “I’ll get my mom to return you a sandwich too.”
The two sat quietly in the car as Dean drove. Castiel slumped down in his seat and looked out the window, hugging his bag tightly. He should be happy Dean showed his face today, but he couldn’t. The short reunion scene from earlier was still fresh in his mind. Jo and Dean had known each other, apparently since a long time ago, but he couldn’t find out more details as Jo hastily left with Ruby after exchanging numbers with Dean. He peeked at Dean’s reflection from the window. He was smiling a little. Castiel could tell he was humming, even though the radio and the sounds outside were covering it. Castiel sunk lower into the seat, his bottom lip protruding out in protest. He really wanted to ask about their relationship, but he was too scared to speak. He shuffled in his seat and turned his body towards the window.
Happy New Year everyone!
(Every time I get an email on a new comment on this fic : One Fear)
Also man I'm really bad at writing but thanks for reading anyway
Dean started to spend more time with Castiel after that false alarm. Castiel continued to fall deeper in love with Dean each day, never once regretting using his precious words on an uncertain future. And everyday that passed, every second that they spent together, Castiel continued to wait.
One of the reasons why I haven't been writing TSB is because I keep getting new ideas on deancas fics thrown into my mind and then I have to draft them and then I get too carried away and now I'm like "I need to write this right NOW" but I can't because I can't concentrate on more than one thing at a time and I'll probably only start writing when I finish TSB which will take a while since I have so many things to cover and I love building up relationships so that'll take another 3 chapters each for something to happen-
“I know.”
He twiddled with his phone, unease cloaking his mind.
cw // some nsfw
“Sorry about yesterday too.”
Welp, I've hit a roadblock after this one. We'll see if I can get a new one out next week
Cas reaches up Dean's chest, past where he's closed his eyes, and runs his fingers through the short hair on Dean’s head, still slightly damp from his shower. “Would you have asked me to?”
told you I loved you and you don’t think I want you?”
“Hey, hey.” Dean’s hands are warm on his cheeks as he tilts Cas’ head down to meet his own. The callouses on the tips of his fingers bring Cas back to the present, he feels the scratch of the sheets on his skin, the breeze from the open window. He blinks and a tear drips down his cheek, meeting Dean’s thumb. He lifts himself and pulls Cas down so their lips meet in a soft kiss, barely brushing, it’s nothing more than something to ground him, to remind him what’s real.
“I never..”
he wants to say, he wants to shout it loud enough for him to hear, to understand.
Dean kisses him again, he can feel the weights on his chest being lifted, “You’re not a burden Cas, you’re not putting anything on me, I love you and I’m going to be here for you the way you’re here for me.”
and I don't know what to do about it."
He doesn’t even realize he’s falling asleep until he wakes to the sound of Dean slipping into the bed behind him. The bedroom is dark, he can barely make Dean out in the shadows, not even sure which way he’s facing. There’s a rustle of blankets, Dean turning around in the bed to face him, must be, he thinks.
Dean tosses his duffel bag on the couch across from the bed and turns to see him, still, staring at the bed. He can’t bring himself to look anywhere else. He sucks his bottom lip into his mouth, worrying at the teared skin with his teeth.
Her appearance is like the flick of a switch, he feels it, the change from the inward gnawing at himself written plain on his face in the seclusion of the empty front office, to the placated smile and loose limbs that drape themselves over the top of the desk.
“So, Jack’s a baby.” He says quietly. He thinks about the last time he saw him, how he smiled, how he waved to them before leaving. It’s a bitter pill to swallow that he won’t be seeing that Jack again, not for a long while.
It’s unnerving, being back to work. He hadn’t really thought about it when Sam called him with the case, or when he was going over the initial reports of Harry’s death himself. There has always been something looming over the next exit, a big bad that was sure to end the world until there wasn’t. Until now. It’s been almost four months since they stopped the end of the world so why does it feel like it still happened, why it still feels like there’s something dark festering, waiting for him. He barely remembers how to behave, how to
Then more seriously, “Did you not drink the water I brought up?” Dean brings his hand up to his cheek and rubs softly against his cheekbone and Cas feels like something precious all over again. It breaks his heart.
Dean’s face darkens even further, grits his teeth, “why not man? I mean look at you— I mean, no, that’s not what I meant. I mean, look at where you are, what’s happened. You should hate me.”
“Good?” Cas asks with an eyebrow raised
Cas says “Thank you, Dean” like he’s done something more than hand him some peanut butter, like he’s done something important.
Cas sits back on the leather bench, surveying him. “You’re still hunting.” It’s not a question, he’s not asking. It’s a statement or more like a revelation.
The phone on the desk rings, a shrill sound and the girl without even looking up, takes the handle off the receiver and shoves it back with force. The room goes quiet. Dean blinks. She looks up at her hand and then up at Dean with a look of disdain. She doesn’t move a muscle, coffee drips down her arm.
She smiles again, so sweetly it makes his stomach turn, "No problem, I'll be right back." And with that, she's gone, and Dean's left alone.
Dean’s entire body stills once more, it's almost as if his body is so familiar with death it remembers the stillness of it. But no matter how many times he hears this question refelcted off the back of his mind, there's no part of him that doesn't know the answer to it; like she said earlier, this is something old, something buried. But it's worthless, it's broken, it doesn't deserve to see the light of day, it'd crack and break and bleed— it'd be no good if he said it out loud. There's no point in saying anything, no matter what Lila mourns to him over broken glass and warm beer.
And he’s making a mess.
Later that morning he and Dean will bump shoulders over the bathroom sink and trade minty kisses with their mouths filled with toothpaste, and they’ll get muddy while chasing Jack around the backyard, and Cas will tend his garden while Dean and Jack go looking for tadpoles in the lake.
A car speeds by. He does little to suppress his smile. It shakes him out of whatever headspace he just found himself in. It’s harder when he’s alone, he needs that constant reassurance, that reminder that yes, in fact, there are other people around him. It’s a double-barrel gun, on one hand, he needs to be reminded that he’s not alone, on the other, all it does is remind him of that fact that ever since… that day, he’s been nothing but alone.
"I fucking hate winter." He gripes.
“I can hear you thinking, Dean.”
“I wish you wouldn't do this to yourself."
sits heavy on his tongue, he can’t swallow it back up, he can’t shove it back down.
and it’s freeing, being able to see so much of himself, past the space and the stars and all of creation he feels when he looks at Dean, but knowing that at least one part of Dean, however small it is, can’t let Cas go.
“Yeah, whatever that fucking means.” He mumbles and hopes Cas doesn’t try to push it.
She's quiet for a minute, a contemplative silence in the loud and rowdy bar. He’d almost forgotten there were other people around. She picks at the skin of her thumb.
This poor schumck know everyone? Jesus. If she tells him how nice he was and how he was gone too soon he’s going to start shooting up the place. He should probably ask her something though, right? That’s what he’s supposed to do here.
He breaks the silence, blinking away from Dean’s gaze only for a second before being drawn back in like a magnet. “Today, at the Gas ‘n’ Sip, when you first showed up, ordering your jerky and menthols, you were making fun of me weren’t you.”
Cas has always been kind of selfish when it comes to Dean and what comes out of his mouth next is possibly the most he’s been in a long time. “Then I’m not sleeping on the bed without you in it as well.”
“What the fuck man I almost broke your fucking nose— I
A quiet settles over them. Now he hears the noises of the street and the music filtering the streets. Cas stands in front of him, eyes glistening with tears so much like that day that Dean has to look away. “Why didn’t you come back, man?”
“Of course I’ll have you.”
Dean face changes into something less severe, something softer, something pleading. “Is that what...You think.. Cas, man, come on.”
It sticks to his skin, reminding him that even though he’s alive with his family, the Empty’s reach is always long enough. That even though he has everything he’s ever wanted, there’ll be days where he doesn’t think he has it all or days where he wants nothing more than to feel like the cold hard grasp of the Empty pulling him in. He doesn’t tell Dean about those days though, but he thinks he knows anyway.
Their chests are heaving with stolen breath and Dean hasn’t said anything since Cas kissed him. He doesn’t know what to do now, he doesn’t really understand human relationships other than what Dean has told him, and maybe this is just a moment in time for Dean, maybe he’s letting Cas have this because he can’t give him anything else and he’s okay with that, all he’s ever wanted is Dean. They can go back to the way it was, the distance, and the careful, calculated touches and the uncomplicated friendship if it means they can just
Dean clears his throat, tightens his grip on the cloth, it’s probably stopped bleeding by now.
“So you gonna tell me why a fed is standing in my station’s kitchen?”
There’s an ache in his gut and he realizes right at that moment, how much he misses Jack. How much he doesn’t deserve to miss him. It’s a nauseating realization, one that crushes his heart. He shakes with that familiar feeling, his whole body chilled as his blood runs cold. He punches the wheel.
and it's all so large and overwhelming he doesn't want it at all.
He wishes he wasn’t, he wishes he was stronger, braver. He wishes he was someone deserving of Cas’ love, and he’s tried, he tried to believe the words he spoke in the dungeon, he tried to see them as Cas meant them and not as Cas’ goodbye, as his suicide note. He’s a coward for not telling him in the 12 years that he knew him, and he’s a coward for not trying harder to save Cas from the Empty.
Cas' now sitting on the bench beside Sam, engaged in a conversation about... Something. He’s having a hard time really listening to anything when Cas is sitting there with his leg crossed over his knee, his fingers tapping against his jeans. Dean watches his lips form around whatever words he’s saying; lips that were on his only a short while ago, and potentially will be on his again soon.
She looks down at her hands curled together on top of the table, “Everyone knows- knew Harry. Real charmer, worked over at the high school.” Dean nods. Sounds like a real stand-up guy this Harry so why the hell did he end up minced meat? He should care about finding the answer.
“Seems like you two were pretty close regardless of all that.” He needs to know more about Harry, every conversation he’s had points towards his wife and that’s not something he can ignore no matter how much he wants to be working this case or not.
He jolts his head away in a panic, eyes shut, dropping the menu in front of him, his left hand comes up slowly like a shield, his middle finger rubs at his forehead.
Cas’ eyes are so blue and he looks so beautiful in the dimly lit room, his hair is mussed and there’s a crust of sleep in the corner of his eye. His shirt is rumpled and displaced, his eyes are sad and searching, searching Dean’s eyes for something in return.
i think i'll be updating on sundays :)
Again he finds himself in a dark room, alone, void of Cas. It’s stupid, he knows Cas is in the bathroom just a few steps away. He knows Cas doesn’t have his wings and can’t just fly off, he’s still there behind that door in front of him, he can see the shadows of him moving through the crack at the bottom of the door. But his chest still tightens. He takes the anger that has been building since Cas sat upon this couch, the anger that wants to yell, to scream, to press Cas up against the wall and hit him—really hurt him for what he did— and presses it down. He knows it’s there he can feel it welling up inside him but like all things; he can’t let it out. This is what happens when he does, Cas leaves, and though he’s just in the bathroom, that’s just the beginning.
look plastered on his face.
The opening notes of
“Today,” he starts, “I uh, we gotta head to the crime scene. There’s probably nothing left of it, probably been disturbed to hell but I uh, I didn’t get a chance to before.”
, man. In front of me, and now you’re here? What the hell man?”
He weaves his way through the cubicles and back out front where Riley sits, on her phone. She again doesn’t look up when he approaches. “Hey Riley, Sheriff said you could get a file for me?”
Dean hums, “yeah…” he mumbles.
Cas smiles “I splashed water on your face yes, and helped you brush your teeth before putting you into the bed.” Dean feels the heat rising in his cheeks as his face heats up. “I also wrapped up your hand, it was bleeding all over the bathroom floor.”
Cas loves him and he still left and it hurt and he can admit that he didn’t know what to do or how to keep going after that night— but Cas is back and it hurts, a different kind of hurt, a hurt that he knows means
Dean takes a case.
He gives his head a light shake, and Marnie’s soft smile comes back into view.
Some mornings its Jack who wakes him up.
He's so young.
so badly, but he can’t bring himself to do it. How can he take what he wants when every time he’s ever
Dean drops a kiss at the hollow of his throat, “These things happen alright, and after everything we’ve been through we’re entitled to some bad days. We’ll deal with them like we always do: together and well,” he smiles against Cas’ chest, “the rest is just gravy.”
Hammond nods, mouth full of yogurt. “Like nobody’s business. Ask anyone they’ll tell you the same.” He finishes skimming the file and places it on the other stack of files adjacent to him, significantly smaller than the other.
Dean's body tenses up, he feels himself nod. His throat is suddenly all too dry for his conversation. He clears his throat and hopes his voice doesn't give away any of his obvious strain. He tightens his grip on the cloth. “For my case uh, was Harry acting strange before he went missing? George said him and the wife were having problems but anything really stand out to ‘ya?”
“My daughter, Riley.” Okay, that makes sense, he doesn’t see how a girl like her would choose to work in a police station, and looking at her father, she probably didn’t.
He raps his knuckles on the front desk in a rhythmic beat of the front desk of the Sheriff’s office. It’s currently empty,
Dean turns back to Cas, waiting for him to decide but is met with yet another look that could only be described as a computing failure. He doesn’t blink, just stares at Marine with a blank look.
Lila squints her eyes at him, a look that makes his palms sweat, makes his chest tighten. This was a bad idea. “You look like you’ve seen a few things now that I look at you, your eyes.” she reaches over across the table, holding onto his injured hand. It takes everything in him to not flinch away. “There’s something old, something forgotten buried deep inside you."
That same day, after throwing Dean into the shower with his clothes on, and without ever saying a word, just looked at Dean with the same sad and worried look he wears now, Sam had packed up Dean’s things while he sat restrained in the passenger seat of the Impala, and driven him to Eileen's where Sam had been staying. Neither of them has left since. That was a month ago.
whenever they’re in close proximity to one another— like he just needs him close-by.
Cas sighs, and pulls back even further, which Dean matches evenly, closing the distance he tries to put between them. “Yes, I’m human and so is Jack.” He flicks his gaze anxiously between Dean and the ground again.
“Is this— are you real?” Is what he finds himself saying. There’s always that chance, he can’t count the time he’s dreamt and then woken only to find himself alone in his room. He runs his hands down Cas’ cheeks, his neck, down his shoulder, he tears his eyes from Cas’ to watch as he feels the solid muscle of his body flex against his touches, he’s never been this close without one of them beaten and bloody.
Dean’s fingers stall on the steering wheel. “She what?”
“Yeah, yeah okay.” Dean whispers, letting him go; the galaxy goes with him.
Dean tucks his hands into the front pockets of his jeans, swinging his weight between his heels and the balls of his feet. He looks so young sometimes, when he doesn't mean to. “Uh, yeah man. Sorry about that, it’s just Heavenly Angel serving gas station hot dogs, it’s funny I guess.”
His fingers twitch beneath his thigh. He takes a sip of his coffee. He tries his best not to choke, he’d forgotten about the sugar packets. “I take it you knew him?” He sets his cup down.
“Where else would I go?” He asks matter of factly.
just don’t happen around here. Now, I’ll give you the files and I’ll give them information about Harry but that’s it.”
He wants to tend his wounds, he wants to stop the incessant hunger that rips its way though his body, he wants the fabric of his clothing to stop touching his skin in a way that makes him feel like his flesh is burning off and his hair to stay out of his face. He wants his grace back so he doesn’t
“You’re human.” He whispers, almost like an accusation. It settles something uneasy within him.
Right. Motel in… Iowa. For a case. He’s here for a case. A werewolf. Maybe? The sink in the bathroom drips a rhythmic beat against the porcelain pulling him from his thoughts. He looks over at the clock again now with a bit more consciousness in his body to fully understand the numbers that are blinking back at him. He needs to get up.
Dean blinks, “Uh...”
His nose crinkles in disgust as his finger pokes at the previously picked-at foam.
“What the hell happened?” Dean asks as he grabs his hand for inspection, a small speck of blood seeps through the plastic. “You were gone for barely a minute.”
Dean just stares at him, then blinks over at the bed. The blush is back and it’s crawling slowly up his neck. Cas is about to take it back, to blame the exhaustion or the blood loss but then Dean’s body relaxes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean is already up and moving before he even registers it.
“Oh god, you’re bleeding.” She rushes up out of her seat, her own melancholy temporarily forgotten and takes his hand between her own. He wants to pull away, the contact is not something he has the stomach for nowadays but he grits his teeth through it. She’s right though, about the blood. A thick red line of blood drips down his left palm, the skin sliced through cleanly. It’s not deep, nothing he can’t handle but the blood is starting to get everywhere.
“It was such a shame when we heard what had happened.” She whispers, leaning over her arms folded on the table. "He was in here just the other day and now." He watches her swallow down the emotion that creeps up on her, the shaking of her voice, her eyes shining with tears. "Can't believe he's not in here annoying the hell out of me, you know?" She chuckles.
“You hungry?” He asks once his breathing returns to normal and he pulls back from Cas’ embrace, quickly turning his head to wipe at the tears that had fallen before Cas can see. He watches as Cas fiddles with his body, trying to remember how to place them comfortably.
He isn’t noticed as she drops the paper towels onto the keyboard, she looks at her mug like she doesn’t know why she’s still carrying it and sets it down. She’s mumbling under her breath, cleaning up her mess, her face comically scrunched up through her argument with herself.
body, doing what it pleases even if he would much rather burrow himself under the cushions until Dean wakes him up. Most of the time this happens, he just blinks awake, no rhyme or reason, just because, but these mornings he knows it’s because he’s missing the warmth of Dean beside him and the soft and irregular breath of his snores against his pillow.
Oh. Because Cas doesn’t live in Kansas and Dean does, and Cas has a life that he’s built for himself over the past few months that he didn’t build with Dean in mind. So of course he’s going to leave and he’s going to go home without him, there’s a reason Dean was the one to answer Sam.
It’s not crowded but there’s a sizeable about of people littered around. There’s no photo of Harry anywhere but he can hear his name in almost every conversation he can overhear. Overhead
“You, with the trenchcoat— yes you,” she says as Cas turns around and then looks down at his own attire, “come here for a second.” She’s smiling the same smile she gave Dean yesterday, it makes him uneasy but now that’s not directed at him he shouldn’t feel it, but now, it’s almost worse.
He lets out a small, uncomfortable chuckle, “Not exactly.” It’s not the death, its the people. “Not in my line of work.” A bit of honesty never hurt any—. He really wishes he didn’t pulverize his drink right about now. “FBI, I’m here about Harry.”
Once the blood is cleaned from his wound, Dean rips open the packet with his teeth with careful precision. He pours a bit on the cotton ball and begins carefully dabbing it on the cuts.
Cas puts down his fork and knife. “I can handle an interview if you have other things you need to be doing.”
The dust settles. He feels his heart remember how to beat, it’s reason to pressed up against him like a lifeline.
Even after death, we’re always just people in rooms.
him, he failed him like he failed C—
They stare at each other for what feels like a lifetime, and he realizes maybe familiarity isn’t all that bad. So what if they’ve been here before, together after Cas has beat death, just staring at each other as the other might just vanish? It’s the only way Dean knows how to do this— at a distance, with his mouth sealed shut.
He pulls back, his skin suddenly crawling under her touch; he feels violated. "What the hell? What are you?"
He walks up behind a man, about his height, dark brown hair. Dean hasn’t paid much attention to anyone these past few months but this guy catches his attention. Maybe it’s the way his shirt is stained with very distinct handprints from a child, all along his back or the fact that his back is so insanely tense that Dean can see the thick rods of muscle in his neck and through the neckline of his shirt. Dean finds his stomach tightening as he fixes his eyes on the small hole at the top of his shirt where the tags have been ripped off.
He’s seen the birth of creation at the hands of God, felt the warmth of the first fire, heard the beauty of the first poetry and even now as his memories begin to fade under the limitations of the human mind, Dean’s smile is and always will, make them pale in comparison.
These mornings he’ll bring Dean back inside and he’ll coax him into the bathroom and they’ll stand under the hot spray of the shower until they’re both awake, until Dean feels Cas’ touch on his skin, until Cas’ soft whispers into his neck meet his ears and Dean finally touches him back.
The chill bites at his skin and pulls his arms across his chest as he crosses the parking lot. If his coat is barely enough to keep the cold out, Cas’ coat most likely does absolutely nothing for him in this weather.
if Cas hasn't just ruined everything.
When he returns Cas is waiting patiently at the front door, flipping through a magazine, when he gets closer he sees that it’s a nature magazine, specifically about trees. He falters, if only for a second because it’s like he never left. Even though his heart hasn’t returned to it’s regular speed and he still feels only seconds from throwing up, and even though he remembers enough of the last three months to know it’s not true… a part of him holds onto it. A part of him needs to believe it even if it’s not true, otherwise, their reunion would have been fewer tears and touching and a lot more blood and screaming.
“Cas,” his voice shakes, it’s quieter than he’s used to, there’s something different, something familiar about the way he says his name but he can’t quite place it.
He decides on crossing his arms and then leans against the door frame, “I think so.”
“How is this— How are you here? I don’t-.”
He just needs to see him that’s all. Just needs to make sure he’s still there.
They sit in relative silence as they both enjoy their food. Cas keeps making these small happy chewing noises every time he takes a bite of something he likes and all Dean can do is just continue to shovel food into his own mouth so he doesn’t have to think of all the ways he can keep hearing those noises.
"Dean—",
When Dean pulls his head back and looks Cas in the eye, they’re hardened with purpose, “We agreed there’d be no shit-talking ourselves in our bed, don’t be the one to break that rule sweetheart.”
He wipes a sweaty palm over atop the mattress and takes a breath. It takes a second to remember where he is.
“There was a case, Cas.” He places Cas’ hand back in his own lap, looking away, as he busies himself with putting the first-aid kit away.
Cas squints his eyes then flicks his gaze back down to his menu and chews at the bottom of his lip as he scans the drinks. He looks back up at Dean with a questioning look in his eye. Dean almost laughs.
“This'll be good for you Dean, you need to get out of the house.” he states, drumming his fingers along the leather of the steering wheel.
to this kid's face and now Cas wants him to make sure he’s seated safely in his car seat.
“Dean.” His voice is low and gravelly and it shoots right through Dean’s body like an electric current.
“So it’s perfectly sane to believe he—” Dean muses.
“Whatever you think is good here, ” he responds, he smiles again and it feels tight on his cheeks like it always does. He wonders if that will ever go away. Dean taps his fingers against the plastic-lined table. It’s peeling in a few places just like the bench. He scratches at his thumb with his index finger, the nail getting caught between the soft layer of freshly healed skin and the peeling outer layer.
Dean clicks his tongue against the roof of his mouth. “If you think of anything important about anything, give me a call.” He hands her over the fabricated FBI card with his number and tosses a few bills too many on the table for his meal.
It should’ve been worse, now that he thinks about it longer than he has in a long time, he should’ve been different, came back someone, something else.
She stands beside him for a few seconds shifting her weight back and forth before looking like she’s decided on something, he wonders what that feels like.
on repeat getting gradually louder.
He drops his hands to Cas’ own which are curled up into fists, resting on his thighs, the knuckles have gone white. Dean feels them tighten reflexively, then relax altogether.
“I’m so sorry Dean.” He says voice breaking and Dean breaks all the same. “I’m so sorry.”
Cas’ face tightens quickly, then smoothens out. Dean wouldn’t have even noticed it if he wasn’t looking. “I wasn’t expecting anything.” He picks up a stray napkin and begins tearing the corner into small pieces that litter the table below him.
Marriage problems. If he’s still thinking magic, that’s definitely a source of motive. He should check out Nora as soon as he can, he meant to, earlier. He drove by her house on the way to the bar, not on purpose he kind of just, wound up idling outside. He didn’t even know he knew the address. The driveway and adjacent streets were lined with cars.
“Last night. You were there with me last night weren’t you?” Dean asks once Cas has turned back to his plate of food.
“So uh, buddy don't worry about the bed, s'all yours, I’ll take the couch.”
“Okay,” he bites at his bottom lip and the taste of iron fills his mouth. He re-adjusts the bag in his hands, holding his one change of clothes, some money, and a blanket. He left his sleeping bag in the trunk of the car when he first gathered his things, but now all things considered, he wishes he didn’t.
Dean reaches between them, grasping Cas’ uninjured hand like a lifeline.“Can you just stay tonight? You can hate me all you want but just please, stay.” It’s almost like a prayer, the way Dean speaks to him sometimes.
for lack of being able to love someone and have them stay.
He’s only been in Mount Ayr for a day and already everyone he’s met with has had such a connection with Harry. He had almost forgotten what it’s like to bare witness to this sort of love and comradery, he certainly hasn’t felt it himself in some time.
Because he does know and Cas hates that he knows because Cas had to tell him and then died in front of him. It never should have been like that, Dean shouldn’t know, but he does and it’s such a weight on him, on Dean, even on Jack that he’s like this, that he can’t see how wonderful he has it, that he makes his family have to take care of him when it’s supposed to be him taking care of them.
“Dean,” He says again, voice deep and husky with
He thanks George for her time, and compliments the bar. She takes it all in stride and threatens him if he doesn’t come back while he stays in town. He pushes his way through the groups of people, there’s more now than he remembered there being when he first arrived. The weird, poppy, out-of-place music continues to play over the speakers. He should’ve asked George about that.
Dean finishes the glass of orange juice in a few gulps and wipes his mouth on the back of his hand, “uh, working a case.”
“Um.” He stops, pausing right in front of the truck and stares, “yeah, sure.” He’s held a
His bloodied knuckles sting as he wraps his fingers around Baby’s wheel. He eyes the clock above the radio, it clicks 11:30 just as he drives by a small little diner that every small town he’s ever been in has had. He can’t remember the last time he felt he dull ache of hunger, or even the cravings of something familiar to eat but he can feel himself fading, can hear Sam’s bitching in his ear, so, he turns around.
There’s a spot in their backyard, beside Cas’ garden, behind the two trees where their hammock lies, where Cas sits on the mornings where he can’t tell what’s real.
He used to measure his life in the amount of time that had passed since the beginning of time, then he measured it in relation to Dean, but now, in their small home just off the beaten path, he finds himself measuring time with the mornings he’s granted with his family. In the sleep that crusts in the corner of Dean’s eyes, in the way Jack’s face contorts when he yawns, and in the way they fit perfectly together around their kitchen table.
cw/tw: dean goes to the morgue to see the body of the victim; mentions of self-mutilation, the back half of this chapter deals with dean's failings when it comes to cas' death and subsequent failings to save him so it gets pretty upsetting; drinking, self-worth issues, suicidal thoughts, anger.
as he watches Cas as if on mute, speak to Marnie with a soft, caring smile adorned across his face. He can feel it trying to overwhelm him, trying to push past his defences and take over his body like possession. He wants to let it… but he can’t.
But, if there's anything Cas is and always will be, it's stubborn. “Well, then I’m glad I’m me, and you’re you.”
"Also- when you get down to the morgue later today—the Doctor should be getting on with the autopsy—you'll see what a bunch of hooey your superiors are spoon feedin' 'ya. So it's a win-win here."
“I-.” His throat tightens, “Sorry. Fuck, Damn it. Are you okay?” It's the woman from the bar-- though this time her cold dark eyes don't throw a chill throughout his body, they just pull up a feeling he'd rather like to ignore for tonight
. When he looks up he finds himself struggling with where to look—either the red and kiss-swollen lips, where Dean’s blood and his blood are spread out, where blood drips from his own nose as well—or his eyes, the last time he saw were swimming in tears, the last time he saw they were saying good-bye, but now he looks at Dean, not in finality, but with something akin to hope, and even love; only slightly overpowered by the sheer uncertainty and disbelief painted all over the rest of his face.
He cringes at the stricken look on Cas’ face. “I mean, not that you couldn’t… you’ve been...Anyway, yeah just, we’ll tackle the interview together.”
That night, still exhausted from the resurrection and the weight of his body, they had shared a bed for the first time in years, and Dean, for the first but not the last time, whispered to Cas that he loved him.
“You mean that? You want me to stay with you tonight?”
“So what? How did this even happen? Did Jack save you then kick you out of heaven? Or was this your big idea?” Why is he angry, he doesn’t want to be but his voice is thick with it. He wants to sit here, forever and just hold Cas’ hands in this shitty motel room.
The plate topples over and the pie flips over onto his lap.
God, he wants to take Cas dancing.
These mornings he lets Dean find him, head knocked back against the bark of the tree, overlooking the small lake behind their house, their home. The lake where Dean takes Jack fishing, where Cas ties up his little boat and sits and reads for hours, where Jack will crawl in and sleep on his chest; Cas, one hand on his book, the other rubbing circles against his small back.
“Cas,” he repeats, more steady than the first, and Cas realizes that Dean is praying.
“What?” Dean’s body tenses, Cas can see the tendons in his neck sticking out against the skin. His fingers are curling into his palms.
“I’m not so convinced the Empty won’t come back and swallow me whole any second, I don’t think I’ve ever been this happy before in my life— I never knew it could feel like this.”
“Feds?” Dean supplies.
“Hey, hey. Dean, it’s alright. You didn’t hurt me.” He says, voice solid and sure. Dean tries his hardest to swallow over the lump in his throat.
Cas freezes and looks over at him, his face is schooled but Dean can see the guilt in his eyes. “It’s a middle name, only people real close to me use it.” He winks at her and his stomach rolls.
“There was this— I had this. This friend. He-.” His throat closes up, fuck, fuck.. “He, he died. He’s um, he’s gone, probably for good, you know how people say death isn’t always a goodbye? Well, this time it was-is. And he, he just left m- left me, and I— fuck, I don’t know why I’m saying any of this, I haven’t… not in awhile.”
Their kisses never turn heated, Dean slides his hands up Cas’ back underneath his borrowed shirt but never pulls it off. Cas’ own hands find their way up to Dean’s shirt as well, resting on the small of his back. Dean places kisses all along his neck, across his face. Cas keeps his eyes closed, attempting to burn his touch into his memory with force alone and too scared to see how Dean looks as he touches his skin. Dean draws small sounds from Cas’ throat with each press of lips, sounds he never knew he could make. He wants to stay like this forever, lock the front door and keep them hidden from the world, existing only here for themselves. But he can’t, because in the morning Dean will leave and he will be left alone, only the memory of this left and one day that too will fade, his mind not what it once was.
Those nights, when Cas has finished reading Jack a story and has tucked him in, when Dean’s making his way upstairs, clicking all the lights off as he goes, the only lights left on the lamps on both sides of Cas and Dean’s bed, Cas will meet Dean in the middle of the mattress and remind him how much Cas needs him, and how much he’s loved.
He thinks about everything, about Cas in that room surrounded by a ring of fire, and how he looked sitting across from him dressed in white, trying to play Sorry. He thinks about finding him in Purgatory the first time He thinks about watching him walk out of the bunker and reconciling in Purgatory the second time. He thinks about how he's loved him through each one, how he’s loved him before they even happened, and will love him when they’ve shrunk to distant memories in his mind. He’s loved him since he met him, and he’ll love him until he kicks it, and even after.
They ended up in a motel, where Cas stands against the wall beside the door, taking in the room and its one, singular, solitary, bed. His stomach knots itself further as Dean just barrels through the room without tossing him a look.
He grips Cas by the wrist, not surprised at the slightest when there is nothing but give from his body, and pulls him away from the crowd of people swarming the condiment table. He pushes him up against the closet wall away from prying eyes.
“Cas, I…” He starts, sitting so close to Cas but not touching him,  “I needed to see you okay. I turned you out, man, when you needed me and I fucked everything up. I need you to know that I’m sorry and that I understand if you’re angry with me but there are things happening, things going on that I can’t tell you and that’s the
Cas looks away but his grip tightens on Dean’s hands, his breathing has picked up since Dean’s sat down but now it's visible, he can see the rapid rise and fall of Cas’s chest beneath his shirt. This is hard for him to talk about, Dean can see that. This is new, almost being able to see what’s going on in Cas’ head, he’s so used to the calculated ways Cas uses to protect himself, to keep himself at a distance. It’s exhilarating.
“Thank you, Cas, for Dean. I know Dean is the only reason I’m talking to you right now. Without Dean, I would be dead for sure. And he . . . well, he might be alive. So I thank you, Cas, for every moment of Dean’s life. I’m sure he’s watching over you up in heaven at this very moment.”
“Mhm,” agreed Dean, nuzzling closer to Cas as he fell asleep.
Lucifer finally broke the silence, clearing his throat. “Castiel, you know I value family. I value family over everything else. I—I won’t tell my superiors about this.”
Before Cas could ask, the teenager launched himself at the older man, enveloping him in a crushing hug. Cas stood, stock-still, on the doorstep, not responding to the embrace. The boy finally pulled away, still smiling.
Dean didn’t think that Alastair bothered to learn his name throughout the whole year he  spent at his house. Alastair simply referred to his slave by a series of derogatory nicknames, the most prominent of which continued to be
“Pardon?” He sounds surprised. I can’t blame him.
Dean cried harder at this, his head falling onto Benny’s shoulder as the shorter man comforted him.
Cas walked over to the edge of the nearest building, standing next to a man who was exactly his height. It was hard to tell, but this man seemed to be around Cas’ age, though just a fraction of his weight, with blue eyes and the hint of a beard threatening to grow back. The man wore a ragged cap and was staring at Cas distrustfully like all the others.  It seemed that this would be as good a place to start as any. “Hello,” began Cas. “My name is Castiel Novak. What’s your name?”
The third night is slow, so I’m home a bit earlier than expected. Cas is sitting in the main room, still up. I try to get back to my room quickly, wanting to shower, but I’m limping pretty conspicuously. He doesn’t say anything, but the way his eyes narrow as I pass is somehow more incriminating than if he had spoken.
Dean tripped over himself in his excitement, hurrying over to the window as if taking longer would cause his surprise to disappear. Cas moved so that Dean could look outside. From the kitchen window they had a perfect view of the automobile sitting in Cas’ driveway.
, an older Jew, was known amongst the prisoners to be quick to turn over misbehaving prisoners to the Nazis. In return for his watchful eye and traitorous actions, the man was supplied with some extra food and nicer clothing.
When they arrived at the camp, forced off the cattle cars, Dean let himself be hustled into the line of those who were well enough to work. After being stripped of his clothing, valuables (not that he had any), and hair, Dean donned the blue-and-white prisoner’s outfit without a word. It was 1941. Dean knew where he was. He knew what happened to prisoners here. It went without saying that Dean wasn’t going to make it out alive. He just wished he had gotten to say a better goodbye to Cas.
He takes my silence as a response, getting up from his seat. “I didn’t think so. Now, you might want to get your little boyfriend back here so you can start packing—not that there’s much worth keeping,” he remarks snidely, looking around the sparsely decorated room.
With that, he turns on his heel and leaves my apartment, the door clanging loudly as it falls to the ground behind him. I sink down onto the sofa, the heels of my palms scrubbing at my face. Four thousand dollars in under two weeks? What have I gotten myself into?
Out of nowhere, Dean began to speak, still not focusing on Cas. “What do you want from me?”
Cas felt his heart melt. What had he done to deserve such a perfect man in his life? “It’s okay, we’ll finish it together.”
“How about this,” the man proposed, though Dean knew there wouldn’t be a choice. “Suck me off, then maybe I’ll see what I can do to keep you hidden. You’d like that, wouldn’t you?” he laughed, removing himself from the fly of his pants, already semi-hard. “Disgusting
Once inside, the woman spoke up, tossing her hair over her shoulders. “I saw you put up a sign for an assistant. Still need one?”
Cas felt his heart swell with pride as he realized the situation. Cas had been late, and Dean, rather than going down to the basement to sleep on his mattress, had felt comfortable enough to fall asleep in Cas’ bed without Cas’ explicit consent. It was such an improvement from when Dean had first arrived; Cas almost couldn’t believe this was the same man standing (or, rather, lying) before him. Cas was so proud of how far his baby had come.
Both men were beginning to doze off, so Cas decided to get Dean situated and hidden away. Cas had almost forgotten that Dean was on the run and felt it was a shame to make him sleep in the cold basement. There was a growing part inside of Cas that just wanted to wrap Dean up in blankets like a human burrito and put him in his own bed. If only the circumstances were different . . . but as it was, they could take no risks. It would be deadly for them both if they were caught.
this morning.”
Cas leaned in to press feather-light kisses over Dean’s freckles. “They’re beautiful.
As Dean ate his dinner and Cas drank his beer, Cas asked the freckled man questions about himself. He learned that Dean had grown up in Berlin with his father and younger brother and had apprenticed as an electrician, but that he ran away in 1933 when the purge of homosexuals had begun. Dean knew that he was on the list of confirmed homosexuals, as he had occasionally visited the Institute of Sex Research in Berlin before it was seized by Nazi Youth in May of that year. Tensions had been running high for a while, so when Dean had seen the Institute’s contents burning in the
“Your freckles,” Cas repeated himself, louder. “They stand out when you blush. It’s adorable.”
“I will probably never be a normal lover to you,” Dean warned. “I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to have a ‘normal’ relationship. I have days where I can’t even tolerate any physical contact whatsoever. I’m broken, Cas. I’m not the man for you.”
My head gets hot. I can’t let this slimy, Scottish bastard get away with this. If not for me, then for Cas. He doesn’t deserve to be kicked out for my stupid mistakes.
June 1937.
don’t tell anyone, Lucifer. I beg you. Keep this between us. Do it for me, your family.”
His teeth gritted, Cas invited the person inside. She was small, blonde-haired, and looked much younger than Cas himself. She was, objectively, an attractive young woman. Years ago, Cas would have been wondering what she was doing outside his back door, looking dirty and malnourished. Now, he had a few guesses. Why did the universe keep doing this to him?
Cas furrowed his brow, puzzled. That only left the basement, but why would Dean be down there? He opened the door that led downstairs. “Dean?” he called questioningly.
“Does your hair ever lie flat?”
This night was no different. Cas let Dean choose the book, and he relaxed as soon as Dean’s fingers began to massage his scalp, making his bed head even worse. Dean began to read, and Cas tried to listen, but the large amounts of pie in their stomachs found both men quickly dozing off on the couch, Dean’s hand still tenderly nestled in Cas’ hair. Dean had fallen asleep first and Cas followed him not long after, closing his eyes and breathing in the smell of Dean. The familiar scent calmed Cas, and he was able to fall into a pleasant sleep filled with dreams of pie and Dean. They slept there until morning, both too tired and comfortable to move to the bedroom.
Dean snorted in obvious disbelief. “Don't lie. I heard you and that disgusting, filthy Nazi talking. You didn't have any problem telling him all about me, did you?”
Returning upstairs, Dean took one last look around the house that had become his home over the past few years. A lot had changed since then, that was for sure. Before he could wallow in nostalgia and talk himself out of it, Dean stepped outside and shut the door. He heard the click of the lock and knew there was no going back.
October 1940.
from his pocket and pressed them into Benny’s palm, closing the man’s fingers over the money. Cas could see tears of gratitude forming in Benny’s eyes as he thanked Cas over and over again.
“Yes, they’re sending people to the camps. Yes, many of those people are like you and me. This isn’t news, Dean, it’s just closer to home this time.” Cas sighed, letting his eyes close for a moment before he met the other man’s gaze. “Dean, when will you realize that you’re safe here? We’ll just have to be a bit more careful, that’s all. Spend more time down in the basement. They
“You’re incredible,” Dean murmured, inclining his head closer towards Cas. Cas’ breath hitched, immediately aware of where this was going. He closed his eyes, awaiting the inevitable, but it never came. Opening his eyes questioningly, Cas found Dean, frozen in apparent terror, not two inches away from Cas.
Lucifer’s eyes widened in horror. “There’s
Graphic depictions of violence, homophobic slurs, sexual harassment, description of life in concentration camp.
There was a new sign in Cas’ shop window, right above the “OPEN” sign: “NO JEWS ALLOWED.” He hated it, but what else was there to do?
Sammy was a quiet boy, though that might have been due to their circumstances. Dean learned that Sammy was the eldest of five children, three girls and one other boy, and that they had been raised by their grandparents (Saba and Safta, as Sammy referred to them) after the Nazis had taken his parents to Auschwitz in 1941. Sammy’s youngest sister had been a newborn at the time, and only he and one sister, aged eleven, remembered their parents at all.
When Gabe showed up at Cas’ door the next morning, Cas let him in wordlessly and walked to the kitchen, trusting that Gabe would follow. Cas could see the worry in Gabe's face, the unasked question clear on his face.
Dean looked up at the prisoner standing over him and felt a sudden rush of anger that he didn’t realize he had been bottling up. “Of course I’m not alright,” he snapped. “We’re in
“You got any preference for dinner tonight? I’m in the mood for burgers from that place around the corner.”
Trigger warning: depiction of concentration camp conditions.
Sammy laughed, but Cas could see the lingering sadness in his eyes. It looked something akin to pity; Cas hadn’t seen anyone look at him that way in years.
“Hey, brother, you alright?”
Dean groaned. “Today, Benny? How can you possibly think of the future after seeing those poor people?”
it began. Cas smiled sadly, hearing the words in Dean’s voice as though he was standing right next to him.
And that was how Cas found himself, hours later, covered from head to toe in flour and grinning at the equally flour-covered man in front of him.
“No, I’m serious,” Gabe said, popping his sucking candy out of his mouth. “You hear the news. People are finding their families, Castiel. You could find Dean!”
Cas?”
It was nothing against Jo; Cas liked her a lot, actually. It was just that Cas needed to keep this relationship purely professional. He didn’t want to let himself get close to Jo, lest she get taken from him too. Cas wasn’t going to open himself back up only to get hurt again.
Benny chuckled. “That’s the spirit. Life will be pretty damn good.”
Now it was Dean’s turn to look confused, a hint of fear evident in his eyes. “I was told I could come here? You’re part of the resistance, right? An ally?” Dean seemed to tense up further at his own words, wrapping his arms over his chest in some semblance of a hug.
Winter in Buchenwald was, as one might imagine, unimaginable. The prisoners were expected to complete their tasks just as efficiently in the cold, despite the slippery layer of ice that seemed to coat every surface. It didn’t help that most of the prisoners were nothing but skin and bones at that point, with no fat to give them extra warmth.
“We’ll see,” I respond, not wanting to commit to anything just yet.
, Cas kept insisting) bedroom, contemplating each other adoringly. This silence was broken by Cas’ stomach rumbling, reminding them both that they still hadn’t eaten supper. They laughed and quickly dressed before heading back to the kitchen to find something to eat.
I’m not sure there’s another choice.
“I wanna make you come,” Dean breathed in Cas’ ear. Cas shuddered in anticipation.
“There’s nothing to do,” Cas explained. “They haven’t found us, haven’t heard anything about us, so why would they start now?”
“And I, you.”
As Cas threw himself into his work at the bakery more, he found it harder to keep up with customer demand. He soon realized that he needed an assistant to help him with the menial tasks while Cas focused on the bigger projects. Cas drew up an advertisement to put in the bakery window: “APPRENTICE NEEDED: ASK INSIDE FOR DETAILS”. He wouldn’t admit it, not even to himself, but having someone around would be a nice change. It was lonely, working at the bakery every day. Cas didn’t like the solitude anymore.
I roll my eyes. “What do you want, Crowley?”
“It took me many years, but I think I understand now. I realize now, Sammy, that Dean did survive the war. He survived through you, and through Benny, and through me; through everyone that he touched throughout his life. Dean’s legacy will live on through all of us, so you shouldn’t pity me. Live your life, do something that you are proud of. Do it in Dean’s memory. If you can do that, then I will finally be at peace with the world.”
“What does this mean for us?” Cas asked, the conversation taking on a more serious tone.
Alastair brought the needle back down to pierce Dean’s skin and Dean had to make a conscious effort not to scream out in pain. Ignorant, or perhaps uncaring, to Dean’s immense pain, Alastair continued with no explanation, focused on his task. It was only when he deemed himself finished that Alastair laid down the tattoo gun in front of Dean’s face and spoke.
Cas brought a mattress and as many warm blankets as he could find down to the basement and made up Dean’s bed in the space beneath the stairs. The area could be easily concealed by moving several large boxes, and the large number of blankets made the makeshift bedroom feel rather cozy.
Cas wished there was more he could do to help the people the Nazis were persecuting. As a closeted homosexual man himself, he empathized with the struggles that German homosexuals were facing. It was a large part of the reason Cas had joined the resistance in the first place.
“What’s got you so excited?” Dean asked, amused, as they sat down for breakfast. His curiosity wasn’t unfounded. Cas could be known to be pretty grumpy in the morning before his first coffee.
Dean and Benny became close friends as the days turned to weeks and the weeks turned to months. It was unavoidable; neither of them had anyone else. Benny had arrived just under a month before Dean with a group of Soviet POWs. The Germans had shot almost all of the POWs upon arrival, but Benny had been separated from the group. According to the guard who saved him, Benny was useful. For what, he was still not certain, but he was thankful nonetheless.
“I know,” reassured Cas. “I love you, Dean, and I would never let anything happen to you. Please, let me help you.”
“That’s great to hear, sir. I will definitely pass your remarks on to my baker,” Cas responded, beaming with pride on Jo’s behalf.
“Teach me how to make pie.”
Lucifer followed Cas inside to the kitchen, making himself at home immediately. The men sat at the kitchen table, Lucifer’s back to the basement door. After a minute of awkward silence, Cas cleared his throat.
“Castiel, Castiel. Falling in love with a homosexual on the run. I’d expect nothing less, honestly.”
Benny had been less willing to adopt a small, pre-pubescent child into their motley crew, but Dean was adamant. There was something about the kid that kick-started brotherly instincts in him and these feelings were only heightened when Dean learned the boy’s name. Sammy. Since Dean wasn’t around to protect his own Sammy back in Berlin, he had to try with Jewish Sammy.
Cas knelt on Lucifer’s doorstep, tears flowing freely down his face. Lucifer nudged Cas with one polished toe of his boot, much like a hunter regarding an animal corpse that might or might not be dead. Cas didn’t respond.
Cas starts telling me about his day at work, but his cheerful voice quickly turns to background noise. My deal with Crowley is consuming my thoughts, nagging like an incessant alarm in the back of my head. I need to figure out how to get that money, and fast.
Cas found Dean in the basement that evening when he returned from work. It was a testament to how much the news of this camp had affected them; Cas hadn’t set foot in the basement in weeks, except to grab a beer or something else stored down there. Dean’s few belongings had slowly but surely made their way upstairs over the course of the year, so there really wasn’t much left down there except a mattress. Even the radio had been moved back to its original place on the kitchen table.
Cas heard the water shut off and the tell-tale sounds of Dean getting out of the shower. The door creaked open as Dean came out of the steamy room, his hair spiked with water. He looked cleaner, but he was still wearing the soiled outfit he had arrived in.
That encounter was definitely not the end of it. As it would happen, the attendees of the event were all big
Dean bent down to kiss Cas again, making sure to rub his erection against Cas’ stomach as he did so. “I want this,” he whispered as he pulled away. “I really, really,
Purgatory. Dean liked that. It wasn’t heaven, that was for sure, but it wasn’t hell either. At least in hell you have a purpose. You know why you’re there, how long you’ll be there, and what you’re supposed to do. No, they were in purgatory, stuck in limbo between the living and the dead, battling monsters daily with no knowledge of how long they would remain there. Benny was right. A man did need a friend to make it through.
Dean looked at Sammy, smiling to appear brave and unshaken. “Yeah, Sammy, I’m fine. It takes more than a big, bad
For twenty minutes, no one even glances into the shadowed alley.
Over the next week, Cas continued to bring food to the basement for Dean’s breakfast and supper, but did not stay down to eat with him. Part of Cas didn’t want to get attached to Dean at all. It would make it easier when Dean inevitably left, leaving Cas alone once more.
Cas made his way back into the kitchen and brought Dean’s plate to the table. He realized that he should probably offer his guest a drink, so Cas hurried down to the basement to grab two bottles of beer. To be fair, Cas also needed a beer after the evening’s surprises.
After a few awkward minutes of this, Cas tried to get Dean to eat by joking, “It’s not getting any warmer, Dean.”
It was funny; before it was an option, Cas had no burning desire to sleep with Dean. Sure, Dean was an attractive man, and Cas loved him, but he had accepted that their relationship would probably never be sexual in nature. Now that it was on the table? Cas might as well have been a teenager again.
Dean looked unsure, his cheeks reddening. “I should have asked, though. I apologize.”
February 1944.
Cas wiped the cloth over Dean’s stomach, cock, and balls, cleaning the dried fluids left there. Dean relaxed into the motions, not awake enough to pay any attention. When Cas had finished the front, he nudged Dean gently, asking him to please roll over so that Cas could clean his back. Dean complied, rolling onto his stomach without a second thought. Immediately, Cas took a sharp intake of breath. He had forgotten.
Cas spoke next, clearing his throat awkwardly. “This is my baker, sir. She’s the one who made the delicious
Cas usually ignored these thoughts, instead attributing his hesitation to spend time with the man to Dean’s seeming discomfort whenever they interacted. Dean would avoid Cas’ gaze, blush when he was spoken to, and answer as succinctly as possible when Cas asked him a question. Cas couldn’t understand it. He thought they had made strides in their relationship that first night, but Dean seemed to only have gotten more uncomfortable since then.
Oh well, whatever. What’s left to lose?
“You’re probably wondering who I am,” Benny began.
Cas kept his gaze firmly above shoulder-level as he handed Dean the clothing. “Let me know if it fits,” Cas requested.
When they had finished their shower, Dean and Cas donned matching towels around their waists and stood in Cas’ (
Dean began to walk towards the kitchen, but Cas stopped him, a half-formed idea in his mind.
Cas rolled his eyes. “I told you this morning to help yourself to anything you needed. Whatever’s mine is yours, Dean, for as long as you’re here. Now, eat. I don’t know about you, but I’m famished.”
Brief mention of major character death.
His visit effectively over, Cas walked Gabe to the door as he left. Gabriel promised to check in on Castiel more often, and Cas had a feeling Gabe would stick to that promise.
Cas shook himself, clearing those thoughts before he overwhelmed himself with emotions once more. He needed to work on burying those memories, ignoring those feelings. Taking three seconds to compose himself, Cas shifted his mind into work mode and continued shaping the pie crust. He had to focus on the present, and the present was making his customer the best apple pie he could. There was no time for thoughts of Dean.
Cas opened the door to find a blond haired man standing on his doorstep in full military uniform, his arm raised as if to knock again. The man smiled toothily. “Castiel! Long time, no see, cousin!”
dollars? I’ve never seen that much money in my life. There’s no reasonable way for me to make such a large amount in such a short amount of time; Crowley has to know that. Then again, Crowley isn’t exactly known for being reasonable.
, or city square, he quickly realized what was happening. Returning home only to grab an extra pair of clothing, some food, money, and a photograph of his family, Dean bid his father and brother farewell before disappearing.
Cas put his hands on Dean’s hips to stop him from thrusting, though it took Dean’s brain a few seconds to catch up. Cas unbuttoned Dean’s boxers, pulling them out of the way before taking Dean’s erection in his hand and stroking slowly.
“You’re mine,
He put it off for a few days, curling up each night next to the love of his life and feeling like complete shit. The knowledge that their time was almost up was weighing heavily on Dean’s heart. He had to go.
Dean turned his body enough to look over his shoulder. Alastair was standing there with a tattoo gun in his hand, still contemplating Dean’s back sinisterly. Dean could just barely make out the black of the ink where the needle had pierced his lower back.
Cas couldn’t help but smile, remembering how Dean had looked that morning when Cas had come down the stairs. The shower and meal the night before had really done a world of difference for the sandy-haired man. Dean’s company was slowly growing on Cas; his presence sure made Cas’ life a lot more interesting. However, there was a time and a place for thoughts of Dean, and work was neither of those. Cas put the thoughts out of his mind as he prepared the bakery for opening.
Despite his stature, Dean still looked timid and unsure as he stood in the bathroom. By the looks of him, the poor man had probably gone weeks, if not longer, without a hot shower, and Cas felt badly for him. Blame it on his Novak manners, but even if he was only staying for a few days, Cas wanted his guest to feel as comfortable as possible.
Cas was sipping his morning coffee as usual, reading the newspaper, when a sharp series of knocks on the door broke the quiet. Cas stood to answer, his chair scraping against the floor as he pushed it back. Cas wondered who would be knocking this early in the morning.
Dean and Benny did not hesitate to get away from there, moving as fast as they could without dropping the heavy blocks. When they were a safe distance away, out of the guard’s earshot and line of sight, Benny put the block down and put a hand on Dean’s shoulder, stopping him from moving any further.
“Dean, I’ve no idea what you're on about. Nobody's coming for you, that's the point. You're safe here.”
The two men sat there for some time, listening to the radio broadcaster describe the Russian diver’s perfect form and execution. After a while, Dean began to doze off with Cas’ arm around him, the latter man still tracing shapeless patterns over the former’s arm.
Only a few days after the war began, Dean and Cas were eating dinner as usual, making small talk as they ate. It wasn’t a fancy meal, but they spent a long time at the table, too engaged in their conversation to notice that they had both finished what was on their plates. They were so engrossed, in fact, that they didn’t hear the first knock on the door.
Cas jumped into action, calling the Nazi’s attention back towards him. “Um, Sir, my baker here would be happy to make more
“All I'm saying is, from what you've told me, I don't think he would give up on you.”
“Dean, what? Who’s coming for you?” Cas’ brow was furrowed with confusion and concern.
Pardon for any mistakes, I don't tend to proofread in detail because then I won't be able to move on from the chapter. All this is just type-and-go
The three of them must’ve all been online at the moment, because as soon as Castiel came online, a flurry of messages flashed across his screen, giving him no time to read at all. His eyes flickered up and down as he tried to catch some texts, to a point where his eyes actually started hurting. After a few seconds, he roughly understood the common message.
His elation was utterly squashed like a truck running over it several times when he saw a blonde Omega sitting under the big tree.
One minute passed. Two minutes. Five. Silence.
The food lost its taste as Castiel packed it away. He stood up with his bag and gave a small wave to the two who were looking back at him, perplexed.
“Yeah, so I have a subject to help you with that.”
In the distance, he caught a glimpse of two figures, one of them a very familiar boy.
- going on dates
Castiel rolled his eyes at himself. This discussion with his own mind was going to be hard.
“Hey!” Dean snapped. Jo jumped a little but Charlie’s laughter eased her.
He sat around for a little longer, until he felt too bored sitting in a quiet space that could make his mind run wild again. He had two options; run to his next lecture hall and hide or take a walk around the school. Option one was probably the best option, but he figured it wasn’t worth it to keep hiding forever because of one Alpha. In fact, he’s feeling a bit lucky today. Might be worth taking the risk.
That video lives rent free in my mind and I cry at his beauty everyday. I wish I still remembered which video it was because I really want to see those twinkling blue eyes again
Cas' transformation has just begun! This wasn't in the original plot I drafted, but hell we're going so off the rails we're practically stumbling into new territory now (probably the reason why I keep getting stuck; thanks characters with a mind of their own), so let's see where this takes us! Woohoo! Even the writer doesn't know what's going on!
“She’s being bullied for being your partner.” Ruby hissed, bending down to meet Castiel’s eyes. Castiel saw no sympathy in her eyes.
I'm surprised I've been uploading chapters so fast, where have the time gone! I'm losing track of the chapters I've posted because really? I posted that already?! And my backup chapters are starting to run out... better start writing again...
Was Dean really that happy to see Jo? He hardly smiled at him the past few days. If this was what jealousy felt like, it sucked.
In the beginning, this fic was supposed to be a very linear and straightforward story. I envisioned maybe 30 chapters max (a generous estimation), but now after leaving it and coming back to it, the story has evolved in a way that has become a *little bit* more complicated and might take a little longer to finish itself. I'm excited to write the new chapters, not sure how well I'll do, but I'm excited.
Thanks for reading!
“I don’t wanna talk about it.” Dean weakly responded, turning his attention back to his barely eaten food.
There is no excuse. I was just procrastinating a lot.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Aw hell yeah, let me grab my things.” Gabriel gave him a friendly pat and left to grab his bag.
The only thing she could do now was to lighten up Castiel’s mood, however slight it may be. She started prattling about anything and everything she could think of, forcefully jumping from one conversation to the other, sometimes engaging Castiel through questions and opinions. By the end of their journey, Castiel was hanging a small smile on his face. Charlie didn’t want to know if it was genuine or not, she’ll take it as a generous white lie.
Dean’s behaviour confirmed what Castiel had been fearing.
“Gabriel, the Trickster.” Gabriel winked.
Castiel looked to his right and saw Dean with a concerned look. Everyone else was looking at him, though the stares had no warmth behind them. He realised that his panicking had caused his scent to change, making it worse, and he was clenching his fists. He quickly tried to calm himself down, imagining cats in his mind. Slowly he started to relax, and Dean’s tense look softened too.
Angel, voice shaking: cas in hell
Castiel chewed slowly on his chicken lettuce wrap as he watched Jo and Dean. They were talking about… something, Castiel wasn’t sure what. Jo said something that Castiel didn’t understand and Dean laughed. He watched Dean smile wider than he had to him in a week. Jo placed a hand on his arm as she laughed with him. They swiftly continued the conversation again.
Dean stopped his hands and placed his lunch down. He sighed and gave Castiel an apologetic look.
He let himself cry, knowing it won’t be the last time. Why bother keeping up pretenses? Pretending he wasn’t hurt by Dean? Pretending he doesn’t like Dean in ways he shouldn’t be? Pretending he didn’t betray Dean’s friendship by developing feelings for him?
Castiel closed his eyes, and when he opened them again, Dean could see tears welling up. Oh no. He instinctively grabbed Castiel’s hands, trying to soothe him. Castiel suddenly firmly grasps Dean’s hands, and looked up at him. A gravelly voice fills his ears, and travels right to his heart.
- cas saves dean from danger
The lecture ended earlier than usual. As students packed their bags and left, Dean sat on his chair, unmoving. It was taking longer than usual for him to compose himself. He never had this problem with other Omega encounters. He pulled out his phone in the empty room, and privately messaged Charlie and Gabriel separately to inform them about Castiel.
not like that
Sometimes I go about my day and suddenly I remember that Cas is in love with Dean and it's such a huge news to me I have to take a few minutes to process the information in disbelief because Cas is in love with Dean (canon)?????
friend, and…” Dean drifted off, hesitant to finish his sentence.
Charlie watched Castiel’s sombre walk from behind. She really wanted to help mend the friendship between the two, but she has no idea what happened at all! The last thing she found out was that Castiel went into heat in school, and Dean found him.
I was scrolling through Twitter innocently, thinking it was another boring day of a boring dashboard. Then, out of the corner of my eye, I see in the trending list a word that I haven't seen in a long time.
The beautiful apple green eyes that met his washed away all the negativity. Castiel couldn’t hide his smile as Dean returned him an awkward one. They walk in silence, a little distance apart, but for once, Castiel didn’t mind. Baby steps.
Castiel’s heart warmed a little. He tilted his head slightly to look at Dean, who stopped trying to talk to him. Castiel is appreciative of Dean’s concern for him. Maybe it was time to try and trust again.
, and now the world was here to remind him of who he really was.
It seems that I am experiencing a writer's block! I spent the whole week planning the chapter I was stuck on. Still not too satisfactory, but I'll write it first and see how it goes. Hopefully everything will go smoothly after!
I'M BACK BABY
During the night, the heat continued despite the protests of Castiel’s aching and tired body. Another torturous wave hit mercilessly as he thrusted the toy repeatedly under the moonlight glow shining dimly through the window onto his glistening, sweaty skin. The burning sensation couldn’t be sated, he wanted more. His hand moved faster as he buried his nose into the shirt that he wore when Dean carried him. The Alpha’s faint scent was long gone, the odour overtaking its spot. Castiel tried hard to remember the scent. He closed his eyes as flashes of Dean came to mind.
Dean walked up first and took a seat beside Jo, leaving Castiel only one choice to sit on Jo’s other side. The two Omegas sat apart, not because Castiel didn’t want to be near Jo, but because he knew Jo wasn’t comfortable with him yet. Ruby’s words that day never left Castiel’s mind. What did she mean? And why was Jo so afraid of her, or what she might say? A whole weekend of thinking ended up with more questions and no answers, and with their current strained relationship, it was hard for Castiel to ask Jo anything.
“It’s alright, I understand. I’m not gonna hurt you.”
my heart is broken
The discussion mentioned how in AUs it's not the same deancas we fell in love with, but then I once saw someone say how AUs are beautiful because even if deancas lived totally different lives they still manage to come together and fall in love all over again.
“So Jo, heard you’ve known Dean since you two were kids.” Charlie teased.
“It’s for a friend, and it’ll benefit you too.”
Castiel shook his head. “It’s okay, Dean. You can’t be there for me all the time. The thought is enough. Besides, I’m fine! Gabriel came to my rescue.”
- hunting monsters together and being the power couple
Gabriel kept his earnings in his pocket, and patted Castiel on the back, satisfied.
From here on a lot of my chapters have been hitting 3k which I don’t know if it’s good because it means *content* or just being long winded. Sometimes I wonder how I hit 18 chapters without getting to the main point yet??? Stop being so long winded???
and it was destiel good
Castiel looked up towards the whiteboard, where the young Miss Milton was trying to teach. Castiel could catch her little nervous shaking whenever she stopped talking. Dean was whispering “hey” and unrelenting in his attempts to engage in a conversation. Miss Milton was flicking her eyes at Dean occasionally, not knowing whether she should call him out or not.
I was very nervous to post this chapter when I started writing, in fact the nervousness coupled with writing the chapter itself kind of triggered my anxiety and I ended up falling sick haha.
Next chapter would probably be shorter, from the POV of Naomi ^^
“You threw… paint… at AlastaihAHAHAHAHAHA!” Charlie was struggling to breathe between her words.
Dean patted Charlie’s head to console her. She may not know it, but he caught her scent, however faint, change slightly. She was upset.
12 YEARS
“Where are you going? Dean!”
Yep, the latter seemed like the lesser of two evils.
I KNEW I SHOULDN'T HAVE EXPECTED ANYTHING
something to him. And he was afraid that it wasn’t going to be pretty. Bracing himself, he waited.
met Castiel first, so why did Charlie get to be chummy with Castiel before he did? He started complaining about how hard it is for him to even get Castiel to talk, and Charlie gave him a proud smirk, which Dean rolled his eyes to.
The Alpha threw his sandwich back into the lunch box, his eyes glaring at Charlie with frustration. Charlie was unfazed.
“I love you.”
“My ma made it. I could get her to make your share too next time.”
Wow this literally took me over an hour to upload because ao3 just wasn’t loading and I had to wait and end up using my iPad to upload and *then* the desktop page decides to load
“If I could extract Cassie’s smell, I bet I could come up with a better way to deal with Alastair.” Gabriel smiled mischievously.
Anyways,
Dean sighed heavily, drooping his head.
I’m waiting with bated breath for 15x20, which will literally make or break whether I will continue SPN
“Hey Gabe, do you really think you could, you know, extract a peson’s scent or smell?” Charlie suddenly asked.
Because he knew, he could never compare to someone like Jo.
The voice in the phone hesitated a bit.
Hey guys, sorry for no updates last week. I had an interview for my uni enrolment and i’m the type to stop everything i’m doing because of one thing. Anyways, pretty sure I flunked the interview so that’s a huge bummer. In other news, I for some reason decided to handwrite my draft for the plot (ouch my hand) but i think i have a clear direction on how to go now. It is long, i have a lot to cover, and it'll focus on some of the other characters as well.
Castiel packed his barely eaten lunch and reached for his phone to set an alarm. Maybe a nap would help him escape these feelings for a while. He unlocked his phone with his fingerprint and the first thing he saw was the abundance of spam in the group chat. He pulled down the notification bar and saw three missed calls from Dean.
Charlie looked up at Dean and smiled. “You’re nice too, you know. He’ll come around.”
Also, I have another story idea that I wanted to write, but have been debating about whether I should start because then I'd have to write two stories. I don't know, we'll see.
And I have set my expectations very low (Cas)
In the end, Charlie and Gabriel decided to just head back to class slowly while chatting, leaving Dean and Castiel at the tree to finish up their lunch. The two ate their lunch in awkward silence.
OMG CHARLIEEEEE IS BACK YAS MY GURL I started crying even before they took the bag off her head because I knew it was her and I SOBBED UNCONTROLLABLY she does things to me that I never knew and she's still so quirky and cute and I'm just so sad because Dean feels like he failed her and now he's trying to redeem himself BUT CHARLIE'S A BADASS AND SHE'S GONNA RULE
But seriously thank you all for the comments and kudos it makes me think I'm doing something *right* and tells me it's okay to keep going and write as I wish!
Now, for the 6th time since I started this story:
Imagine Dean teaching him how to do human things even though he really doesn't need to because he's an angel but he insists because he wanted to spend time with Cas and it turned out to be useful anyway when Cas became human
he persuaded himself, knowing that was exactly how he looked at Dean too.
It's a long chapter, but I feel like nothing happened lol. I just couldn't get any creative juices working because of the disappointment and stress the whole week so I word vomited this one out, hopefully it's still not too bad. In other news, I signed up for DCBB! Really hope I can get out a fic for it. Fingers crossed!
He allowed himself to drift into his imagination, and through the haze Dean was right there with him. Castiel’s hand moved where Dean in his mind was moving, a tingling sensation coursing through his body wherever his hand touched. The Alpha lowered himself and kissed every part of Castiel’s body; from his face, to his lips, to his neck, down to the chest and nipples and stopping right before Castiel’s crotch. Castiel moved his hand down to his erection and started stroking. Little moans escaped his mouth as his front and back were being pleasured at the same time. He imagined Dean’s dick was the one thrusting into his hole. Dean pounded his ass as he planted more kisses on the Omega’s back, lingering around the nape, biting lightly and kissing the area.
“What? Disappointed that he couldn’t come?” Gabriel joked.
The voice hung up the phone.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel’s heart started beating faster, though he was unsure whether it was because he probably made all his friends panic at his disappearance, or because Dean actually
5 YEARS OF ME WATCHING
The both of them got excited again and chatted about the difficulties they had to face growing up in their lives, unable to fit into this ‘scented’ world. Soon, they were adding body language and facial expressions into the conversation. To people outside their group, it looked like two different pairs were sitting together, one group playing  Charades, the other enjoying the show
“I’m- I’m sorry for lying to you.” Castiel started, averting his gaze.
“So, uh… wh-where’s Dean?” Castiel asked, trying to sound as casual and indifferent as possible.
There's a warning for this chapter!
I was very conflicted about updating this chapter but here we go I guess
He sat at his desk, staring blankly at the wall as the tears started up again.
I want this chapter to document the day Destiel went canon, not just once, but TWICE, and this time it'S REQUITED LOVE
WHERE'S THE GAY ANGEL THAT LITERALLY SACRIFICED EVERYTHING FOR YOU BOYS
Castiel lost his motivation to sleep as he scrolled back and forth reading through the messages. It was always the simple things, the simple gestures that made Castiel feel so full. The smallest action that could chase away any darkness in his life.
Rhetorical. He scoffed at himself. Dean was his strength, and now he’d lost it. Out of his own carelessness at upkeeping his Omega nature. How could he forget? How could he step out of line to think that anyone would want him? A putrid Omega like him? What a joke.
WHY DID
“Told you it isn’t easy.”
He remembered the day of his cursed heat, the culprit to his situation right now. He chose to bury his feelings. And now that Jo, the perfect Omega for Dean, has presented herself, it would be easier for him to let go.
“Aww he’s grown so much! I remember when he was just a tiny bean!” Charlie snatched Dean’s phone and repeatedly zoomed in and out of Sam’s face. Dean shook his head, smiling, and went back to his lunch.
A spurt of black paint plopped onto Castiel’s palette. He loosened his grip that was squeezing a bit too hard.
Hey guys! Sorry for the two week absence, my creative juices got sucked out and things just weren't that great. I'm not too happy with the next few chapters but if I keep dwelling on them like I have been for the past 5 weeks or so, I'd never get anything done, so I'll be uploading them as is. Please pardon any mistakes, and thank you for the support!
He shook his head, and tentatively tapped into the group chat.
(See the end of the chapter for
He coincidentally passed the trickster while he was setting up for a prank. Gabriel saw the black-haired boy approaching and signalled for him to be silent. Castiel stopped in his tracks, and soon a skinny boy appeared. The boy was strolling along with one arm wrapped around an Omega girl. The girl was very obviously disgusted and reluctant, but didn’t fight off the Beta.
accept it? And what if they are meant to be?
Now that his heat had cleared a bit, he had time to think.
Black.
Realising Cas may be dead forever after (IMMEDIATELY AFTER) confessing his love, I swiftly open Google Docs and furiously searched for my draft of this story. What happened next may shock you.
Also please take note that I'm writing this story based on my version of college and world, so it could sound very foreign to you. Just imagine that it's a whole different world where our rules don't apply/aren't similar.
up until 15x18
“Jo!” he called out.
He waved the thoughts away.
“Great news, I can’t smell anything.” Charlie added, pointing to her nose in excitement.
“Drop it, Charlie.”
“Ruby-“ Jo called out in surprise. Ruby walked past Jo and headed straight for Castiel. Castiel shifted in his chair. She was an Omega, but her aura was terrifying. Her dark brown eyes shone with hostility as she approached Castiel.
The two didn’t exchange even a simple “goodbye” as Castiel alighted and walked into the house, refusing to turn back for a glimpse of Dean, afraid of what he might see. He fumbled with the lock as he listened to Dean drive away. Once the sound of the old car’s engine faded, he let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding, and along with it came the tears that were being contained throughout the ride. He quickly wiped his eyes and entered the house, running straight to his room, knowing Naomi wouldn’t bother him anyway.
Charlie looked back at Dean and a gleam of mischief reflected in her eyes. Dean knew that she was plotting something. Charlie turned back to look at where Castiel stood before.
Jo quickly pulled Ruby back from Castiel, hushing her from saying more. Castiel noted a hint of fear in the air as her eyes flickered between the two. Ruby shrugged, her smile still hanging on her face.
Gabriel and Castiel had to leave first. Dean and Charlie waved them goodbye. Dean met Castiel’s eyes for a brief moment, and quickly turned away. Castiel’s hand fell weakly as he turned around and walked. Gabriel and Charlie shared a glance before Gabriel ran after Castiel.
Was it because it was a familiar scent? Or because he was the only one who could smell Castiel’s scent? He had no answer.
I LITERALLY CRIED MY EYES OUT WHEN BOBBY MENTIONED CAS
Thanks for reading! This chapter originally had only 900+ words, and the prologue originally had only 600+. So I'm glad that I was able to spit out some more content, and I hope you all enjoyed it as well! As far as the writing goes, I'm still doubtful about how well I am going to be able to illustrate their emotions and actions, and the plot. My concern is that it might get a little OOC as well... Hopefully this was an okay chapter, because I really tried to change things for the better but my limited imagination failed me.
Gabriel stepped forward and gave his best smile, reaching out both hands in an X formation. Dean and Charlie looked at each other, then slowly took his hand, then were shaken vigorously as Gabriel moved his whole body for the handshake.
“Haha, not really. It’s not like he can always be by my side, right?” Castiel let out an unconvincing chuckle. Gabriel caught a hint that something was wrong, but he didn’t know what.
I have come to the conclusion that everyone in this fic has zero IQ (or maybe it's me with zero IQ, I did take a facebook test once and it came back with a test result of an astounding 0, I still brag about it to this day)
Dean sighed as he walked to his class, secretly hoping that his inner Alpha had better be on to something.
She tried to approach Castiel again, but Jo kept pulling her away. Jo muttered a hurried goodbye to him as she dragged the unwilling Ruby out. They didn’t get far until they heard a voice from outside.
Emboldened by Charlie’s lack of fear, she gave Dean a quick look before starting. “Well…”
Gabriel?!” Charlie sat up, her eyes gleaming. Dean looked at her in confusion, but she had no time for him right now. She stood up and quickly pulled Gabriel to her side, and sat them both down. Castiel silently sat down beside Dean, a smile hanging on his face.
LIKE YEAH??? IT'S OKAY I GUESS? NOTHING CHANGED? DEAN DIED AS HE WAS ALWAYS MEANT TO? SAM LIVED A HAPPY OLD LIFE?
You can stop reading now but I'm gonna scream about Misha
Gabriel looked at her puzzled. “Well, I guess? Nothing is impossible. But I think it’d be more of recreating a smell than extracting one. Why, you wanna extract a smell?”
That night, Dean never responded back to him. But Castiel didn’t get scared. He knew that Dean would never leave him, but he knew that Dean wasn’t ready. So all he could do was wait.
, and a few gifs of a worried cartoon dog. Hovering his thumb over the screen as he paused at Dean’s message, he gripped his phone a little tighter as he hoped, so badly, that this was a sign. A sign that Dean wasn’t being obligated to stay by his side, that he didn’t really hate him. Disgusted, maybe, but not hate.
Gabriel raised an eyebrow. Sounds interesting.
“Come on, do it for me, please?”
Castiel turned his head to see Dean red as well, his head looking down. Castiel picked up the piece of paper and unfolded it.
Castiel nodded to himself in determination. He will bury these feelings deep down inside him until he forgets them.
the whole WEEK all my dreams were of Dean and Cas:
and cry
He glanced up at the handsome face sitting right next to him, chewing on a burger. He smiled, and held his lover’s hand.
Naomi came to pick up Castiel immediately after taking a day off work. Castiel had just survived the third wave of his heat. She opened the door to a half-naked boy, weak and panting on the bed, his eyes filled with tears as he silently stared at her. The sight broke the woman’s heart. She helped him put his clothes on, receiving a fresh set of pants from the Omega Wing’s supply room, and enlisted the help of a Beta nurse to carry Castiel onto the ride that Naomi had called.
Legends say that to this day Raphael is still being made fun of for his micropenis (he insists that it isn’t true)
Dean sent Charlie.
I LIKED IT
When did he start catching feelings for Dean? And
His heart sank.
I don't know, what do you guys think?
God: i told you to give them destiel
We have a glimpse of what Dean is going through.
“Jo?”
Not a lot of plot this week, was a little down after seeing a discussion about AU fics being OOC and it's not that good compared to canon fics
The two walked in silence, like they were expecting the other to speak first.
I went back to reread what I wrote, and honestly (cringe) but eh, not so bad. Past me had written the first paragraph of chapter 10 and I really left zero hints on how I wanted it to go, so I decided to wing it, and it came out better than I expected. My original planned Gabriel entrance was actually really lame, so I guess sleeping on it for over a year worked out in the end?
Gabriel immediately jumped at the chance to tell his heroic story of saving Castiel from Alastair, his version much more dramatic and grand. By the end of it, Charlie was on her back from laughing too hard, and Dean was smiling with his newfound respect for the sly boy in front of him. Castiel smiled at the memory, occasionally rolling his eyes playfully when Gabriel added some fictional truths to the story.
“I uh, have to go print something. I forgot.”
Castiel of the past would cower in fear and try to avoid Dean, but after these two weeks of knowing the boy, and looking into his gentle green eyes, Castiel merely placed a hand on Dean’s wrist. Dean looked up at Cas, and found reassurance.
“Did he pee his pants or whatever?”
Castiel took his seat next to Jo. They exchanged an awkward smile as a greeting and turned back to the whiteboard. Ever since he came back from the heat fiasco, his classmates were cold to him. Most of them mainly just ignored him, some annoying ones would tease him, like silently clasping their noses while staring directly at Castiel, waving their hands, then laughing in their groups like they were the world’s funniest comedians. Castiel subtly rolled his eyes at them; their tactics were old and common.
And right now, the bloodthirsty Alpha was showing his mind-controlling Master a picture of his little brother Sam.
“I love you too.”
He shut his eyes to pretend to sleep as he felt tears welling up in his eyes. He didn’t want Dean to hate him even more.
The next day, Castiel went through two “peaceful” classes of being avoided by people. After an hour of silence and lunch, he got ready to attend his next class.
"Te amo"
To start them off, the pair of teachers gave the class a graded assignment for a week that will commence in the near future. Then, they let the class paint something monochromatic, using any colour they like.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Now that would be a small problem, but for a fragile flower like Jo…” she cracked a sinister smirk as she dragged out her sentence. Castiel wanted to leave his seat and back away from the brunette.
“Dean, can you please pay attention to class?” Miss Milton tried her best to look stern, but her pretty facial features only served to make her look cute. Some boys in class gave the young Beta heart-eyes, and upon noticing this, she quickly blushed and turned back to the whiteboard.
(See the end of the chapter for
I want to plan a fix-it fic but I really don’t know how I would write it in the way that other fic writers have already beautifully ended it, but either way 15x20 never happened and destiel went canon and they all lived happily ever after until they grew old and died and met in heaven again thank you for coming to my tedtalk
Castiel considered the options.
Thanks for reading! I'm gonna go on an unnecessary fangirl session here, so you can just leave if you don't want my screaming.
? Castiel never thought he could fall in love with someone. He used to scorn the TV dramas he watched on how illogically fast the main characters fell in love with each other, in completely unorthodox situations. But, Castiel and Dean’s relationship was pretty mundane! Sure, Dean saved him a couple times from Alastair. Sure, he made up a whole system to protect Castiel at all times. Sure, his mother told Castiel that “Dean was smiling more because of you”. Sure, Dean gave him so many opportunities to experience things for the first time, like games, like sitting in a movie theatre and restaurant surrounded by people with no backlash, like having the confidence to confront a scary Alpha and talking to new people, like falling in love…
Please notify me of any mistakes, I’m writing this on my iPad at work which I probably shouldn’t do lol
“I-, it’s just-“
Castiel’s chest was tight and he felt out of breath. Suddenly everything about Dean hurts. It hurt to realise that Dean deserved a better Omega, anyone but him. He’s such an amazing person, Castiel didn’t deserve to have him. Not that he could.
tw , cw // mentions, descriptions of anxiety attack/panic attack
In addition, I will be updating tags as I go, since I’m unsure about how the story will  proceed in the future too, but I will try to tag beforehand or put warnings (if any) at the beginning of a chapter. If you feel that I should tag something or put a warning for something in a future chapter, please do let me know!
then i can fuck off
Castiel’s vision was cloaked by tears again. He berated himself disingenuously, as he scrolled through the messages that have long stopped, possibly to allow him to catch up. He smiled at the confirmation that his friendship with them was real, that it wasn’t just a dream. His heart skipped a beat when he saw Dean’s messages;
“Get away from me, you Nazi lover. I never should have trusted you,” Dean spat, turning his shoulder to deflect Cas’ touch.
Dean was walking through the streets of Leipzig one warm night, following the directions he had been given to his next safe house. Dean made sure to travel only at night as to minimize the number of people with whom he interacted. He kept his head down and walked, when possible, through alleyways and on streets cloaked in darkness, trying to look as inconspicuous as he could.
Cas opened the door to find himself face-to-face with a tall, young boy, no more than nineteen years old with tanned skin and dark features. They made eye contact, the boy’s face brightening in recognition as Cas’ tilted in confusion. Who was this boy?
“Dean. Dean!” Dean stopped talking, focusing on Cas. “It's alright. Please, calm down.”
“Goodnight, Dean,” Cas replied, rolling back over to fall asleep. It wasn't his fault that his brain kept him awake for at least another hour, staring at the wall by his bed. He had never stopped to imagine that this day would ever come.
Thanking him for his services, Cas tossed the keys to the car in Dean's direction. The look of incredulity on Dean's face as he caught them reflexively was something worth photographing. "For real?" he whispered, not believing.
Cas felt badly for Dean; Cas got to go outside everyday, coming and going from the house as he pleased, while Dean was cooped up without even an open window to provide a glimpse of the outside world. Dean didn’t seem to mind, and Cas knew it was for both of their own goods, but he wished there was a way he could get Dean out of the house without arousing suspicion.
When Cas emerged from the bedroom with the selected outfit, he found Dean standing exactly where Cas had left him in the doorway of the bathroom, now wrapped only in a towel. Dean seemed to be holding himself taller now that he had showered, but he stood defensively, almost like he was trying to hide his body from view. Cas didn't know why—Dean had (from Cas’ perspective) an impressive body, tall and muscular. Standing straight, Cas could now tell that Dean was about an inch or so taller than he was.
Dean hummed in agreement. “As long as you'll have me, I won’t go,” he promised.
Sitting down at the well-used kitchen table, Cas took a deep breath. He opened his mouth to begin to talk, and all of a sudden the words wouldn't stop flowing. Cas spilled his guts, telling Gabriel all about Dean: how he had come to Cas, how Cas had hidden him, how happy they had been. Cas didn't stop to let Gabriel get a word in until he was done telling his tale.
Cas knew that there was no such thing as perfect, but he’d be damned if this wasn’t pretty darn close.
Dean remained silent, unconvinced. After what was probably just a few minutes, but felt like hours, Cas sighed and retreated upstairs. Dean would get over it; maybe he just needed some time to process what Cas had told him. Both men lay in their respective beds for hours, each plagued with the same question: what now?
“Uh, maybe not now, but soon? In a few days?”
Dean relaxed a bit when he recognized Cas’ form behind him. “You scared me, Cas,” he chuckled nervously.
Cas’ suspicions were confirmed one night while the two lay in bed together, the darkness of the room providing a cover for Dean’s embarrassment.
Cas froze, his eyes wide like a deer’s in the headlights. Shit. How could he have been so stupid and forgotten about their dinner? He tried to think of a way out, but Cas had never been a particularly good liar, especially when caught off guard.
The day I moved in. . . I was just a kid, newly disowned, looking for a cheap place to live. Crowley came along, offering me this apartment at a very low rent. Being my only option, and a seemingly good one at that, I’d signed on the dotted line right away. That was it; we hadn’t made a deal. Crowley must know this, and I tell him as much. What’s he doing in my living room?
Dean jumped at this, apparently surprised at being directly addressed. Cas chuckled. This man was truly something else. Dean considered his plate for a second, his eyes flicking up momentarily to meet Cas’ before returning to the food. After a moment—what was going on in his mind, Cas would have loved to know—Dean took a hesitant bite of the food. Satisfied, Cas continued to eat his own dinner.
to be done. The man seemed satisfied, convinced he had scared Dean straight. Well, not straight. That was kind of the whole reason Dean was in Buchenwald to begin with. Either way, the
“I’ll spare you the legal jargon, but essentially, Mr. Winchester, you are obligated to pay me, at any time which I request of you, reimbursement for the amount I spared you when you moved in.” He sits up on the couch, propping his shiny shoes on my coffee table before continuing. “And you see, Mr. Winchester, I’ve had an offer. The city council is willing to pay me a considerable sum of cash if I give them control of a large portion of my properties. Something about the ‘gentrification of Alphabet City,’ they said.”
I pace back and forth along my usual alleyway, simultaneously praying that nobody shows up and hoping that someone does.
Lucifer nodded seriously. “Exactly, there’s no time like the present.”
The day was hot. Dean and Benny sat in the shade, their backs against the large stack of cement blocks they were meant to be moving. The stack shielded them from view of any patrolling officers, so the two friends had taken to hiding there for short periods of time while they worked. The two men sat in silence, each trying to enjoy the relaxation for as long as they could. It had been a hard day; a new train of prisoners had arrived that morning—the first since Dean himself had arrived. The acrid, sickly-sweet smell of burning flesh filled the air along with a cloud of dark smoke, an ever-present reminder of the horrors that were promised to each prisoner.
Cas ushered Sammy into the house, sitting the boy down at the kitchen table and offering him a drink. Sammy accepted a cup of tea, blowing on the mug to cool it before taking a small sip.
It was in one of these alleyways that Dean, having walked all night, decided to rest his eyes against the cold brick of the neighboring building, mostly hidden by the dumpsters and garbage that littered the narrow pathway. The stench was extraordinary, but Dean hoped that this would keep passersby away and conceal Dean until the following nightfall. Dean drifted off into a fitful sleep, uncomfortable and smelly against the rough, cool surface of the brick.
Finally, Dean stopped Cas mid-bob, tugging him back up to meet Dean’s face. He saw Cas’ face, his pupils blown wide with lust, and pulled him into a kiss. Dean could taste himself on Cas’ lips and he loved it.
Dean didn’t respond, afraid that the guard would punish him further for talking back.
’s eyes were wide with fury as he punched Dean squarely in the nose. Dean doubled over, his hand flying to his face. Head facing the ground, Dean watched as the warm blood began dripping from his nose, bouncing as it hit the cold expanse of snow.
Overall, the night went pleasantly. Cas led the conversation for the most part, but the two men got along well, and before either of them knew it, it was past midnight. Though Dean had relaxed slightly, settling into the chair he had originally perched on, he was clearly still tense and seemed afraid of making a mistake or angering Cas. Dean let Cas make every decision for him, as though he had forgotten what it was like to have free will.
The next morning, Dean woke up to the sound of Alastair closing the front door on his way out. He got out of bed as usual, not bothering to make up the covers or do any of his usual morning chores around the house. Dean stopped by the icebox on his way through the kitchen to get something to eat. He might as well take something, since he didn’t know when he would get food next. Dean decided that a hunk of cheese, part of a loaf of multigrain bread, and some sausage would keep him going for a few days at least. He wrapped the items in a clean rag and fastened it with a short length of string. Sitting down at the kitchen table, the same one on which Alastair had defiled him the previous night, Dean went over the steps of his plan in his head. If all went well, he would be out of town before Alastair came home from work. If it didn’t work, well, Dean had accepted the consequences.
If only I had one more night, one more chance to earn the last bit of cash. But even with the time, I’m not sure I could bring myself to do it. The last two weeks have left me feeling sore, dirty, and, ironically, emptier than ever before.
“Honey, I’m home!”
If you feel like this may trigger you, please start the chapter after the first scene divider.
That night found Dean and Cas having dinner as usual in the basement. They discussed the upcoming Olympic games (“They took down all the anti-Jewish propaganda in Berlin, did you hear?”), the continued abuse against Jews, homosexuals, and Roma throughout the country, and the ever-growing possibility of war. Cas told Dean of the messages he had relayed that week; the network was trying to find a man to pose as a husband for a homosexual woman named Charlie who was fleeing Berlin to live in the country. Though homosexual women weren’t persecuted as much as men, it still wasn’t wise for a woman to be openly homosexual, especially in the cities. Therefore, many women had taken to finding a “beard” to conceal their sexuality and avoid conflict with the police.
Cas felt tears welling up in his eyes. He was unable to see the dough anymore. Against his will, he began to cry in earnest, sliding to the ground against the workstation in defeat. Cas sat, alone, sobs wracking his body as he cried into his apron. All he wanted was for someone to hold him, tell him it would all be alright, but the person he wanted to comfort him was the reason he needed comfort in the first place. Cas had never felt more alone.
“I assume you’ll want something, right? In return for putting yourself in danger?”
Dean choked, eyes watering at the burning sensation, but the man didn’t seem to care. He continued to fuck into Dean’s face, one hand still twisted in Dean’s hair. One particularly violent thrust sent Dean’s whole head backwards, smacking painfully into the brick wall. Bright dots now sparkling behind his eyelids, Dean tried to relax his throat muscles and become lax, waiting for the whole thing to be over.
As it's American Thanksgiving, I'd like to give thanks to all the people who helped me through the process of my first DCBB. First off, I'm crazily thankful for
“What if I want it to happen again?” Cas asked quietly, not quite sure of the answer himself. Did Cas think of Dean like that? Did he want their relationship to take that next step?
“Dean,” Dean mumbled.
Finally, Dean couldn’t delay any longer. The news that morning had reported raids in the towns next to theirs. Cas had let him know that he would be home late that evening, dealing with a large order at the bakery. It was like a sign from God—Dean had to act then or not act at all.
“I’d best introduce myself. My name is Benny Lafitte, and I’ll be sharing your bed.” The man stuck out a hand. Dean didn’t take it.
The child in question piped up. “Are you okay, Dean?”
craze died down and fewer and fewer Nazis frequented the bakery every day. However, the effect was in place. So many officers had eaten at Cas’ bakery that none of them were going to make any trouble with him. In their minds, he was a good guy, a fine gentleman. All it took to win over some Nazis, it seemed, were some freshly-made
Cas stood at his workstation, clutching the counter to steady himself. He could do this. He had to do this. Cas started shaping the pie crust, hands kneading the dough almost automatically. His mind started to wander again. Dean loved apple pie, Cas thought. Cas remembered the feeling of working with Dean in their kitchen, teaching Dean how to properly lace the pieces of dough that covered the pie. It was something out of a cheesy romance film; Cas pressed up against Dean’s back, guiding his arms through the process. Dean was having a good day; he was letting Cas stand in close proximity to him and was still completely relaxed, laughing and joking around. God, Cas missed him so much.
“People say that the dead look peaceful,” Benny told Cas. “I wish I could reassure you, tell you that he died peacefully, that he looked like he was sleeping . . . but I don’t want to lie to you. You deserve better than that.”
“Yes, of course you can. Feel free to stay here as long as you need until you find a more permanent place,” Cas heard himself say.
Once they had tired themselves out with their impromptu food fight, Dean and Cas sat in the carnage that had once been a neat and orderly kitchen. Exhausted, Cas pulled himself up just enough to put the pie in the oven and shut the door before collapsing back to the floor.
Thanks to Andrea and Dani (again) for making sure this story is legible.
Ever since the group had split up, Cas had felt useless, like he wasn't doing his part to help the people in need of assistance. The idealist in him wished he could do something bigger, like housing prisoners, but he couldn’t risk getting caught. He had managed to stay off of the Gestapo’s lists thus far, and he knew that getting caught would invariably result in his death. Whether it would be death by Nazi, his family, or suicide, Cas didn’t know, but he did know that he mustn’t be found out.
The bearded man turned away, exhaling slowly. They stood there for a moment, neither knowing what to do or say, until the man broke the silence. “You’d better come with me.”
“One apple pie, please,” the customer requested.
As an aside, I'd like to remind everyone that this fic is set in a dark and violent point of history and includes the antisemitic and homophobic language of its time. Some parts are going to be difficult to read. Hell, they were nearly impossible for me to write. If, for whatever reason, you feel like this fic will be too much for you, please do not read it. Or, if you want to give it a shot, keep an eye out for the specific trigger warnings that I included at the beginnings of various chapters. Those should help you skip the darker parts. Your mental health is infinitely more important than my number of hits or kudos!
My head droops to the cafe counter, exhaustion consuming me. My eyes barely stay open for more than five minutes at a time. My body is screaming, imploring me to sleep, to take the day off, but that’s not an option. I have to do this. It’s up to me.
“Cas—Castiel. Novak.”
February 1944.
Predictably, Cas found it very difficult to focus on his tasks over the next couple of days. Every normal thought was instead replaced with
Once he had reboarded the train that would take him home, Cas lay back in his seat, closing his eyes. Going to the camp had been good. Cas finally felt a little more at peace with the world; peace with himself.
Cas sat in the kitchen, eating and reading as the world outside transitioned into the quiet lull of nighttime. Soon, the only noises were the soft sounds of the occasional passing automobile or pedestrian. Although it wasn’t especially late, Cas was exhausted and soon found himself beginning to doze off at the kitchen table.
That double-crossing, Nazi-loving, son of a bitch.
Cas spluttered, trying to stop the man to no avail. No matter how much he liked the donuts, Cas had a feeling the Nazi would not like to see that the baker who made them was a Jewish refugee. Despite his weak protests, the Nazi pushed his way into the back room, where Jo stood, frozen.
It wasn’t that Cas wasn’t attracted to Dean, because he most definitely was. It was just clear to them both that, though they hadn’t explicitly discussed it, neither of them were ready to take that next step in their relationship, and they were both okay with that.
“Jo,” Cas confirmed. “Jo sounds less Jewish. Welcome to the bakery, Jo.”
“That son of a—” Benny growled, censoring himself for the child present.
and a single address.
“So do it.”
Dean jumped at being addressed, and looked towards the source of the noise. Dean was looking where Cas was, but Cas got the impression that Dean was looking right through him, as though he wasn't there. The man was so deep in his own thoughts and Cas needed to pull him out of the whirlpool of despair inside his head.
Dean looked down at the table, crestfallen. “Oh,” he said to the tabletop. “Um, well, could I at least stay here tonight? It's really late, and I don't really want to spend another night in an alley…” Dean trailed off, a haunted look in his eyes. “I don't want to impose, but you won't have to do anything; I’ll sleep in the basement, contact someone in the morning, and get out of your hair. You won’t even know I’m here.”
Cas stared at Sammy in shock, the pieces clicking into place. “Sammy. Come in, Sammy, please, come in.”
Almost out of habit, Cas started towards the basement door. He paused with his hand on the doorknob; did he really want to do this? Pushing away his doubts, Cas turned the handle and descended the steps into the basement. It was dark down there, the only light coming in stripes from the small windows at the top of one wall. The rest of the room was cast into shadow, as usual.
Not two days after he put the sign up, Cas was interrupted from his thoughts by a soft knock on the back door of his bakery. The back door led straight into the workroom, where Cas prepared the food, and it was seldom used. Cas wasn’t even sure what was out that door.
and prisoners were being transported there immediately.
“You couldn’t be more wrong, Dean. There is nobody I could ever want more than you. I don’t care if we never touch, Dean, I just want to be around you. I love you for you, Dean, when will you understand that? Will you let me be there for you?”
“Yep, thanks. You’re the best!”
Son of a bitch. I freeze, the figure in front of me coming into focus for the first time. Cas is standing there, head tilted, eyes widened in shock and guilt.
Cas tried to think logically, breathing deeply. Who could have sold them out to the Nazis, alerting them as to Dean’s presence? He and Dean had always been so careful, hadn’t they? Cas went through his mental list of people who knew about him and Dean. Only two came to mind—Balthazar and Lucifer.
Dean got into the car, turning the key in the ignition shakily. The car rumbled to life and Dean looked up to meet Cas' stare, his smile saying everything he couldn't. He backed out of the driveway carefully and drove down the street. Cas felt his heart pang as Dean turned the corner out of sight, out of Cas' protection.
“Not anyone,” Dean muttered, mostly to himself.
Dean grunted, unable to think straight as he searched for friction against Cas’ fabric-clad erection.
had seen this exchange and was quickly approaching them. This
Not wanting to disturb Dean from his rest, Cas swallowed hard and continued his ministrations, wiping the dried come from Dean’s legs and balls. Finally, he ran the cloth gingerly over the letters, cleaning the mess that had transferred from the sheets. Placing a soft kiss to the tattoo, Cas got rid of the rag and moved Dean enough to cover the wet spot on the bed with a towel. They'd deal with that in the morning. For now, Cas wanted to cuddle with Dean and show him just how much he was loved.
November 1939. Saturday.
If the Scotsman picks up on my disdain for him, he ignores it perfectly. “How are you today, Dean?”
All attempts at serious pie making were abandoned at this point, the two men instead trying to get each other dirty with flour and other baking ingredients. At one point, Dean had smeared a streak of apple filling across Cas’ cheek, only to immediately lick it off with one broad stroke of his tongue. Despite himself, Cas idly wondered what else that tongue was good at. Maybe he would find out one day.
Without a second thought, Cas bought the old car along with some parts and tools to fix it up, and drove it home. He couldn’t wait to tell Dean.
Dean knew he was going to be taken away. He had accepted it. That was his punishment for letting his guard down, for opening up to Cas. Dean cursed himself for ever thinking a Nazi like Cas could be good.
Once again, if you feel like you may be triggered by any of these things, please skip this chapter.
Thanks for reading! Let me know what you think down below!
The worst part of it all? There never actually was a raid. Cas had waited and waited, day after day, for the inevitable knock on the door, but it never came. The German soldiers had completely skipped over Cas’ town in their search for Jews. There was no reason for Dean to have left. It had all been for nothing.
Cas supposed he could have stayed downstairs and eaten with Dean, but he didn’t want to intrude. Cas laughed to himself. How strange was that? It was his house, yet he didn’t want to intrude on the man who was living (temporarily) in his basement. This was coming from the man who, just over twenty-four hours ago, would never have allowed a refugee to take shelter in his home. What was it about Dean that changed things?
Benny clapped Dean on the shoulder. “Brother, let me finish. When we get out, after the war’s over, you’re gonna introduce me to Cas. We’re gonna have a grand old time; you, me, Cas…”
Cas decided not to worry about the future just yet. Right now, there was a hungry man in his house whom he had just offered to feed. Cas was about to slice up some salami to serve with a side of fresh whole-grain bread, but he quickly realized that he still did not know anything about the man. If Dean was Jewish and kept Kosher, Cas wouldn’t want to offend him by offering him something he couldn't eat.
“Sorry—I’ll—I didn’t mean to mess anything up, I was going to put the book back before you got home, I swear, I didn’t expect you to come down here,” Dean spluttered.
Dean met Cas’ gaze, a devilish grin slowly spreading across his face. “Oh, it's on.”
It was too much. At the final words, a single tear fell from Cas’ face onto the page in his hands. Cas could see the spidery trails of ink beginning to run in the droplet, smudging Dean’s final words:
“Don’t look at me like that,” Cas scolded the younger boy. “Don’t pity me. I loved Dean—hell, it’s been nine years since I’ve seen him and I still love him. I miss him every goddamned day.
With a devilish look in his eyes, Dean pulled his knees up to his chest so that his cold feet were suddenly pressed against Cas’ unsuspecting stomach. The other man let out a muffled shriek as he recoiled from the freezing feet, falling off the bed ass-first in the process. Dean almost wet himself laughing at the sight.
“Are you seriously going to give up hope, just like that? Maybe I was wrong about you, Castiel. The Castiel I know wouldn't give up on the man he loves so easily.”
Cas extended his arm for the man to shake, but the man just stood there silently, glaring at Cas’ hand. Cas cleared his throat awkwardly and took his hand back, but continued. “Um, I know it’s a long shot, but I was wondering if you knew where I could find a man named Dean Winchester?”
Dean could imagine the next few years of his life, serving as Alastair’s toy until he died, and the thought brought tears to his eyes. He had barely managed being a slave up until now, but this night had been a whole new level of sadistic cruelty. Dean was totally and utterly broken. He wanted—no, needed—it to end.
“Ol’ Nora ain’t too fond of this here place, blames these floorboards for Harry’s bountiful transgressions, if you’re understanding.” He is. George tells him how Harry wasn’t a bad guy per se, just made absolutely terrible choices. He isn’t sure if that’s a contradiction or not. He wonders if any of Harry’s girlfriends are here tonight.
It’s one thing to be alone, but something else entirely to feel it deep within oneself. He was a terrible angel, a terrible human, he can’t quite seem to make anything work for him.
He wakes and he makes his way downstairs and outside until he’s standing right outside the garage where Dean works hidden beneath Baby’s hood.
“I’m not forcing anyone to say anything, I just want to know about Harry.”
“What are you, I guess we, doing in Iowa, Dean?” He asks as he collects Dean’s menu from his hands and gives them to Marnie. He picks up the cup of orange juice and takes a small sip, wrinkling his nose up at it. “There’s pulp.” He slides the cup across the table.
He doesn't know how yet, but he wants to be brave; he thinks this is the way how. “That’s not what I’m asking. Why did you come to the Gas ‘N’ Sip, why did you come find me?”
“We don’t have to eat here if you don’t want to bud,” he starts, speaking lowly as they wait to be seated.
His chest lurches, he feels all the blood drain from his face like someone stuck a needle in his cheek and just
He grits his teeth. It’s just a mug. He sits down in the green cushioned seat across from his desk.
“She never sets foot in here, not ever. Always makes me or Joey, the bartender over there, kick him to the curb. Basically every night for as long as he’s been living here we’ve done it.”
“Okay, I thought I understood, but I’m beginning to think I don’t... You don’t want me to leave?” He knows this question is a bit of a stretch, he’s pushing it, but he’s exhausted and if he’s going to be leaving he needs to go now before it gets too dark and too cold.
It’s not until they’re inside Baby waiting for her to warm up when Cas speaks up again, “Marnie gave me a paper-cut trying to hand me a card with her number on it.” He picks at the fabric of the band-aid.
He finally takes a sip of coffee, the hot liquid burns its way down his throat. He finally feels awake. “And his wife?” He questions. No way his wife is happy in all of this.
His voice soaks in the very depths of Cas’ bones, into the soul he thinks he’s finally grown and lights up his entire body. He feels his chest tightening and knows what this feeling is more than most, his eyes are welling up, blurring the darkness before him. Dean shouldn’t be doing this, he’s nothing to pray to, nothing to pray for. But Dean says he needs him, that he wants him, that it’s terrifying and he chokes back a sob at how much he understands what he means. He can hear Dean’s words, hear the stutter of his voice, the hitches in his breath but he can’t
“You mean…” Dean swallows the lump of waffle that’s congealed in his throat, “you didn’t like… come back…” he can’t bring himself to even finish the sentence,
Jack gets off the bench and makes his way over to Cas who immediately and instinctively unfurls from his position on the bench, and pulls Jack into his lap. Cas is so good with him, even now. It's a good look on him, being a dad— a good dad. Dean needs to find some shade or something before he bursts into flames.
Riley pulls her phone back up to her face, clearly done talking to him. He mumbles out a thanks as he grabs the files and quickly heads for the door, trying his best not to stumble on his way out.
“‘M sorry, ‘bout today.” He mumbles from beneath his pillow. He can’t see Dean beside him, but he can feel him, the warmth he radiates, the way he smells after a shower-- coconut and lavender, he must’ve used Cas’ soaps. He pulls his head out from beneath his pillow to let the scent wash over him.
He rubs his hands together trying desperately not to admit how much he’s looking forward to Cas’ first human meal in years. He nods again. He can do this right this time, make being human not fucking terrible. Cas isn’t gonna know what hit him, and he’ll stay because Dean’s going to make sure he does. “Okay great. I’m gonna…”
“Agent.” He stops himself, she looks down at her hands again when he turns around, “Actually, there was something strange now that I think about it. Before he left... Before he went missing. He was different. He was saying things he shouldn’t have been saying. I don’t really know if that’s relevant but…”
That’s who he is, it’s what he does. Time and time again Cas has shipped off and shipped out, heading off on pedestrian missions and heavenly tasks or straight up dying. It doesn’t matter if it’s in purpose or not, Cas is going to pull back and then he’s going to leave and once again Dean will be alone in a room where the absence of Cas sucks every living thing with him; leaving Dean to sit and sob and when he finally moves again— pull his body around like an undead unliving thing, haunting motels on cases and the bunker back in Kansas; tied down with the unfinished business of never opening his goddamn mouth— Cas is going to leave again and he barely survived the first time, but he can’t do it, he can’t say it.
One of the greatest gifts a life of freedom has given Cas is the never-ending and ever-constant gift of mornings. That is, in theory.
His hand is still moving, still taking notes so, “Was there anything strange about the crime scene that I won’t find in any of the reports. Maybe someone smelt something strange, heard a strange noise, anything really?” Everything’s the same, it always is, he recites the questions like they’re seared into the back of his eyelids and waits for the lovely and well-thought-out answer he’s sure to receive.
“Dean? I thought your name was Neil?” Marnie asks as she tucks her notepad into the front of her apron.
“Oh. Yeah, she was very confident well, up until she made me bleed.” He sounds disinterested, bored and Dean supposes that makes sense, he knows Cas isn’t- doesn’t-….
Dean can’t feel his fingers, his chest is hot and bubbling with too many feelings at once; so the one he settles on is anger; it's familiar, like an old blanket.
Dean leans forward, getting off his knees and presses a kiss to Cas’ lips. It’s soft and careful, a shadow of what just transpired and yet Cas’ body shakes with it. Then, he pulls back. Not far, their noses are almost touching, he’s slightly blurry in his vision.
“Don’t do that Cas, after what I did, I.. I made him lose you.”
Normally he'd groan, or at least sigh dejectedly but all he does is blink at it, and tuck it back into his pocket.
these small and incandescent things. He wants the feeling of infinity back inside this vessel that’s taken him prisoner, he
“Just not now.” He whispers, it catches on the small lump forming in his throat. He wishes the lights were still off, that the darkness still hung overhead, he doesn’t want Dean to see how hard being away from is for him.
He’s used to people lying, it’s kind of the one thing he counts on but he can tell she’s being honest, or at least as honest with him as she is to herself. He doesn’t ask if she wanted to be, he doesn’t know much about women if he’s honest and even less about love, but there’s a longing in the way she can barely make eye contact as she reminisces about Harry that answers that question for him.
Dean sits down beside him, coffee in hand, (he always has coffee for him in the mornings, that’s a way of loving, Cas thinks), he doesn’t crouch to avoid the dirt or mud patches if it’s rained, just sits right beside Cas, trying to get as close as possible because he knows that even if he won’t say it, having Dean beside him, breathing, living, looking back at him, is all he needs.
This is why he swallows up the anger and the confusion and betrayal, because being with Cas is so much more than all of it, what is anger to the brightness of Cas’ eyes when they look at him, and what is confusion and betrayal to the way Dean’s body
“It’s just a small cut Dean, I’ll live.” He responds with a roll of his eyes.
He looks so beautiful even now, especially now. “You can have me you son of a bitch, you can fucking have me. I’m so fucking sorry you thought you couldn’t. I- I love you man, I love you too. I can’t let you leave here today without you knowing, you deserve to know and I’m a fucking coward for not telling you sooner.”
He moves around subtly, shoulders, arms still feeling suffocated in his suit. His head is pounding and the bright lights that only sometimes flicker above him aren’t helping the small migraine making itself present behind his eyes. He checks the clock hanging on the wall behind the front desk and frowns. How long has he been standing here waiting?
He flicks Dean across the forehead, nothing hard, but Dean groans in pain, all the same, a twinkle in his eye as he doesn’t let his hand fall back down to the bed but slides down to trace shapes along Dean’s naked back.
He nods her way.
Maybe he asked so he could hear it all one last time before morning breaks and they go on their separate ways. Or, maybe he asked just hoping Dean might have another answer tucked beneath that tongue of his.
“Dean.” Cas is closer now, he can feel the weight of his stare above him. Cas’ hand covers his own on his head and pulls at his fingers until they loosen their grip. Then he drops down into a crouch beside him.
Dean coughs, “Excuse me?”
Dean hasn’t moved from where he stands by the couch. “You’re leaving? I mean— you can if you want I guess, I— yeah you can do whatever you want, I can’t stop you, I just. Sorry about the one bed man.” He isn’t looking at him and he’s fidgeting with his hands, which Cas knows is never a good sign.
Dean resets his shoulders, suddenly both burning up and chilled to the bone.“Right.”
“Dean, Dean.” He whispers around Dean’s lips, pulling back. “We- we should, we should stop.” He lets out a small moan as Dean kisses along his neck. “Dean.” He groans, slipping his hand up Dean's side and into Dean’s hair and tugging him back.
He throws the bedspread out of his way and all but throws himself across the small room, ignoring the pain erupting across his back. It doesn’t matter, he doesn’t feel it. Not when Cas is sitting there waiting for him.
He can still feel the blood oozing, it’s hot on his cooling skin. It trickles down his chest, slowly, like it has nowhere else to be like it’s also waiting for something; waiting for him to bleed out maybe, or for him to reach down and scoop it all into his hands, try to shove it back inside, try to re-patch and repair. He knows he can’t because he’ll only make a mess of it.
“We gotta figure out what you like, I doubt you were able to figure it all out the last time and this is a very important task in humanity. Besides, it’s not wasteful, we’re gonna finish them all, the cups here are fucking tiny.”
angry; but I understand. I know why you did what you did, and though I don’t agree with it, I understand and I forgive you. For everything, for all of it so now I need you to forgive yourself, okay? Jack and I love you, you have a place with us, please don’t think you don’t.”
also i know nothing about autopsies sorry <33333
It’s still hard, even now, it’s not as bad as it once was but sometimes there’ll be a trick of the light, or he’ll catch something at the corner of his eye and he’ll feel the dread pour down his spine like a hot liquid. But sometimes he’ll catch a glimpse of Dean or Jack’s smiles, or hear the way their voices melt together and he’ll think how could he have ever fallen victim to the Empty’s tricks when the reality is so breathtakingly divine.
Here he’ll make his way across the cold floor where Dean’s tools are littered until he comes up beside him. Dean is always so tense when he’s like this, his shoulders hunched, the lines of his face deep and unrelenting. They don’t loosen up altogether when he touches him, but he finds a softness in his eyes, in the way he lets him touch him. It’s a gentle touch, as not to startle him, a touch to let him know that Cas is still here with him.
“And you’re just here. At a pie festival.”
Dean drops his head on Cas’ shoulder, exhausted. He half expects Cas to push him away even now, but he doesn’t. Cas fingers find their way into Dean’s hair and pulls him in closer. His fingers pressing softly against his skull, running through his hair in a rhythmic fashion. How has he gone his whole life without this? How would he have gone the rest of his life without this?
, because he doesn’t know if Cas is coming with him when they finish up here.
Cas slides his hands into the front pockets of his jeans and swings back and forth on the balls of his feet—so human—“I’ve had it circled on my fridge calendar for a while. We live in the area and while it’s not that I particularly enjoy pie for the taste, I enjoy all things that remind me of you.”
His first morning like this he had lashed out when Dean reached out for him, so convinced he was an illusion, that the floors and walls around him were fabrications like the hundreds and thousands of fabrications he’s been victim to however long he was dead.
Dean places his mug of coffee on the armrest and pulls out a small white notepad from his interior jacket. He pulls a pen from Hammond’s desk, ignoring his look of disbelief. “You know Harry well?”
The plate is heavy in his hands, he should want to eat this, he kind of does but recently all food has tasted like ash on his tongue and sat heavy in his stomach until he eventually tossed it up after drinking. Sam sits close as he digs into his own respective plate, his elbow digs into Dean’s ribs occasionally. His hands tighten against the paper plate as Sam’s chewing grates on his eardrums.
is something quantifiable, like he hasn't been asking himself this same question for the better part of a decade. He digs his nails into the cloth he's still holding, the blood seeps through the fabric.
He clears his throat, something is lodged in there it hurts. “But uh- nothing happened, nothing fucking happened. And so I tried again and again I just... Nothing."
He swings on his heels to face the door. It’s always hard to leave him, but he knows it’s easier for Dean when he’s gone, and that’s what makes it possible: the fact that Dean will be better off without him. But before he can remember that he needs to use the door, that he can’t just disappear no matter how much he wants to, there’s a hand on his shoulder. Then, Dean is spinning him back around. “Jesus, Cas, just.” He grabs the bag from Cas’ hand and tosses it onto the mattress. “Shut up.”
She nods to the suit. He grimaces, “Business.” He flashes her his badge,
“Sorry man, that probably wasn’t the welcome home you were expecting.” God, this really can’t be getting any worse. Not only does Cas not want to be here but he had to put up with him drunk and delirious in a motel bathroom.
“What did you miss me or something?” He teases, his tone light.
A sob makes its way up his throat and he can’t do a thing about it, and for the second time that night, he breaks down. “God, I was so fucking awful to Jack and to you, I don't deserve any of this but I love you Cas, I’m sorry I’m so fucked up I’m sorry I’m so broken I can’t be the man you fell in love with-,”
“This would-- you should hate me Cas. Jesus,
Dean nods. He drums his fingers on the bar top, not entirely sure what he should do. There was a time he would’ve felt more comfortable in a bar than anyplace else. He takes a breath and plasters on a smile, he can pretend, maybe. He’s not himself tonight, he can use that to his advantage.
"Nothing worth repeating." He’s looking at him now for the first time since they got into the car, and Cas finds himself looking back, though not for a lack of trying.
He taps on the edge of the desk. “Uh Hello?” His voice is scratchy with misuse.
Cas tenses and violently tears his hand from Dean’s. His shoulders are rigged, his body moves almost robotically as he pushes up and away from both Dean and the couch, stalking towards the bathroom. He doesn’t say anything else before the bathroom door is slammed shut, the walls vibrate with the force of it.
“I could never hate you, Dean.” He responds, simply, and easily because it's true.
Dean clears his throat, “Yeah.” He downs the rest of his coffee, his stomach suddenly too squeamish for anything else. “Anything strange going on before he disappeared? Was he acting differently? Anything you can think of.”
His vision is blurry with tears, he angrily wipes them away, he just wants to look at Cas, really look at him.
He takes a second to cool off and presses small kisses all across Cas' face. Cas sighs something heavenly beneath him, and Dean kinda can't stop thinking about what they'd be doing somewhere more private.
He feels Dean’s hands running softly around the bare skin of his chest, not trying to start anything, just a grounding touch, an exploratory one but one that’s based on the common familiarity of knowing your partner’s body like the back of your hand.
The blood pounds in his ears, he can feel it reverberating agains his skull. His chest and throat are tight, he’s light-headed, choking on his own breath. He reaches up over the bowl of the sink to turn knob, his hands shake violently, he can’t get a good grip on the plastic-covering, he just needs, he just needs to. He grasps at it, desperately, a rush of anger, of embarrassment floods his chest he’s barely able to close his hands into a fist before he turns and drives his fist into the wood panels of the wall. His eyes roll back into his head at the pain, his vision cuts white. He barely makes it the toilet in time before
Dean goes about his usual morning routine; waking Jack, getting him dressed and ready for school. Cas is rarely awake for these moments and though he is barely even there, he can hear their laughter from across the hall in the kitchen, Jack begging for pancakes until Dean agrees (though Cas knows he was always going to make them anyway), he hears the clink of glasses and plates, the sizzling of the pan on the stove, they’re all far away, not just in another room, but like they’re being run through a filter.
“We tried we did, but... neither of you answered.” He takes a breath, god his head hurts. “I deserve it. All of it. This. I-we. I waited after. I didn’t deserve to have him back.” Is he making sense, he hopes he’s making sense.
The water sputters above him, he sighs. One handed, he scrubs a small amount of the shampoo through his hair, then the conditioner though he doesn't understand the purpose. He takes the body wash in hand,  not wanting to use any of the cloths folded up on the sink so as not to bother Dean, and uses his one good hand to scrub his body clean.
And what’s he supposed to do with that, how’s he supposed to swallow that down. “Cas-” He wraps an arm around Cas’ waist, “I love you so much, so much I don’t know what I’m supposed to do with it all, I want you to have it; I want to give it to you but I don’t know how.”
Riley is blurry in his vision but he thinks she says something. Right, she said something about Harry. He nods his head, the action almost too much to remember how to do. He needs to sit down. He white-knuckle grips the edge of the counter to stay vertical.
The words suck all the air out of his lungs and out of the room itself.
Dean squints, “Riley or Nora?” He taps the pen against his chin, he’s using half of his remaining energy to stop himself from chewing the shit out of it.
Dean swallows, missed is not the right word to encompass the waves of emotions Dean has felt over the past three months, but if he can help it, Cas won’t ever know.
“I love you, Dean.” He whispers, not wanting to disturb the quiet peace they’ve just built up, but needing him to know, he needs to know even now. Cas can’t let him doubt for a second.
“I’m sorry, Cas”.
SPOILEERRRSSSSSSS (for season 13 and stuff if you're not there yet)
Castiel clamped his mouth shut as he came. The heat slowly faded into a small warmth in his chest, simmering and waiting for the next wave so it could spread again. Castiel laid panting on the bed, taking the dildo out and throwing it aside.
I wish I signed up for GISH but I'm so SCARED OF PEOPLE and my friends are all either not free, not interested, or broke ;u;
and clown like i always do
Also not me still being traumatized by the finale so much that I couldn't write this whole week and had to consume copious amounts of Destiel and Jenmish panels to survive
“I have my ways,” she said. Dean tried to pester Charlie about what she meant, but she remained secretive the whole time. At the end of the break, Dean still did not get any information from Charlie, only a parting wink when they separated for class. He guessed that he will only find out when Charlie wants him to.
Charlie jumped up from her seat when the voice finally accepted her suggestion.
Also, 10k hits? Thank you so much! I never thought this little fic would get so much attention when I first started (at one point I went "why did I choose ABO for my first ever writing") but I'm having so much fun developing and writing! Thank you all for reading!
Castiel courteously invited Jo to their thirty minute lunch session the next day after their class together, which she readily agreed. She texted someone on her phone and skipped to the big tree. Castiel couldn’t share her excitement. Charlie and Gabriel were already there, and Dean was running a little late. Upon laying her sights on Jo, Charlie immediately grabbed the blonde and dragged her to sit between Charlie and Gabriel before the introductions were finished. Castiel noted the infatuation in her eyes, and her faint Beta scent turning more refreshing the longer she stared. Gabriel got pushed to the side, and he met Castiel’s eyes. They both chuckled as Charlie bombarded Jo with questions before she could keep up.
It's Chinese New Year weekend AND Valentine's Day today so what a celebration! Hope you all have a great day and enjoy deancas wedding
No! He’s not alone. Dean may have been completely repelled by him, but there’s still Charlie and Gabriel. They still care.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel doesn’t usually talk to people. He watched as Castiel laughed and smiled as he talked with the unfamiliar boy, his arm slung over Castiel’s shoulder, and the strange emotion got a little stronger.
He wiped any intention to get up and pick a colour from the paint rack. Black felt right. He squeezed some white out to mix shades of grey, and applied the dull colours to his canvas purposefully, each stroke of his brush carrying his fears and worries.
But that was impossible now. Dean was avoiding him, and he didn’t know what he could do. The only thing he knew how to do was to cling on to his remaining friends. He’s afraid, afraid that losing Dean will take away everything he’s ever had.
He internally breathed a sigh of relief. Dean had been distancing himself since he came back, and Jo was also a little tense around him. He’d already lost Dean, he didn’t want to lose another friend.
Castiel wasn’t sure if Dean was going to show. He was unsure about a lot of things lately. The boost of encouragement from the previous day was heartwarming, but after the initial feeling ebbed away, all that was left was uncertainty and fear again. He checked his phone again; no new messages. He didn’t want to seem clingy and text Dean first, so he just sat in the classroom like he always did. Waiting. Then came the knocking before he could go any further with his unease. He opened the door slowly, now losing the excitement that he always had before. He hugged his disappointment close as he looked up.
Then I learnt more about the premise and my cold dead heart sprung to life, clawing its way out of its dusty coffin the same way Dean did all those years ago.
Immediately after, Castiel shrunk back down, leaving Dean in shock. He smiled, then laughed, and pulled Castiel into a hug. He kissed Castiel gently on the lips, and picked up the small notepad.
“Oh, yeah, I was born with one. No biggie.” Gabriel shrugged.
Castiel smiled wider.
(I've been listening to Alice by Heart a lot recently [it's a musical] and I'm wondering if I should plan a short one shot around one of the songs...)
I went back to change Dean's scent a little, nothing much, just replaced 'wet grass' with pinewood because I was near an actual real pine tree during Christmas and I went "ooh"
“Exactly! He’s our friend,
Castiel jumped at the opportunity to find out about their relationship with each other. Turns out Jo was the daughter of Bobby Singer, the uncle Bobby that Dean mentioned a few times, who coincidentally also gave him his current car. They had known each other ever since they were kids, and stayed together until Dean moved away.
Castiel chewed slowly on his second bite, unwilling to eat more. He felt his drowsiness taking over. Losing sleep over the prospect of losing a dear friend, especially one he had fallen in love with. Castiel chuckled. It was quite a luxury for him to even be in such a situation. Perhaps he should be thankful instead. The short-lived dream had given him some rewards, at least.
admit his feelings anymore. It’s obvious how hard he’s fallen for the Alpha.
I can't English
The feeling felt awfully familiar to his first day of school. He was also alone, without anyone, eating his lunch and feeling bleak about everything. Things seemed to return to the way it was supposed to be. He was the stinking Omega, whose smell repulsed everyone around him. He would have no one beside him, and everyone in school would either bully him or ignore him. That was how it had always been, and how it will always be. The past six months meant nothing, just a nice little dream he got to experience before he had to wake up and face the harsh reality that he was unwanted. And the worst part was he brought this upon himself. He forgot his suppressants, he forgot his
Castiel looked up from his lunchbox. “Why are you sorry, Dean?”
Castiel finally emerged from the shadows, a little fearful of Gabriel.
Destiel canon.
he thought. Forget them being similar, they are practically the same person. Castiel rolled his eyes, and picked up the paper. He unfolded it to reveal a nice little message written in black ink -
And that ending will be canon Destiel
he’s not backing down. Alastair tidied his sweater and walked towards Castiel. He doesn’t budge. Alastair stepped closer, and closer, and… walked past him out the door. He was extra careful to not bump into Castiel in any way as he twisted his body to avoid the Omega standing at the doorway that gave little space for two people to fit. Castiel waited for a few more seconds before letting go of his held breath, his heart racing so fast that he felt a little dizzy. He unconsciously turned back to his nightmare before jerking his head back. He didn’t care, it was better for him that Alastair ignored him anyway!
friends at all if not for Dean and Charlie. And now that he’s had a taste of that happiness, he couldn’t stop himself. He couldn’t be happy with just Charlie and Gabriel. He wanted them all.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jk I just want to give Cas a nice ending if he can't get his in the SPN universe. I'll be honest, I stopped watching after Season 13, but I never stopped thinking about this story.
Thank you all for the kind words in the previous chapter! I really appreciated it (´;ω;)
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel wrote on a small notepad. Dean took a few seconds to read, squinting a bit due to the darkness. His eyes showed understanding, and he nodded at Castiel, grinning.
Finally! I've reached my first plot point (lol). The story is taking a turn into a less happy tone but I'm fighting my brain to keep it a little fluffy. I do have to warn, there'll be a few more warnings in future chapters, but nothing too serious (hopefully, I haven't written the chapters yet). The romance won't be too straightforward, it'll be a companion alongside the focus of character development which I hope I won't butcher, so if slow romance isn't really your thing, sorry!
Just this time. He’ll forget about his feelings for Dean after his heat. He just needed the Alpha to get him past, then he’ll be ready to let go.
What if…
Castiel takes a deep breath. He trusts in himself, and he trusts in Dean.
AND GOT NOTHING IN RETURN????????
The magic word appeared again.
Also, what's up guys? Have you seen Misha's new cameos? Especially the one where he just woke up and goes "help it's too early for an acronym" because I woke up and the first thing I saw was that cameo and when I say I watched it at least 10 times and cried-
I swear I had names for the two boys that follow Alastair around but I never wrote it down anywhere so now they're just nameless brats
Up to this point, Castiel was overjoyed to hear that Jo and Dean were cousins. It meant that they couldn’t be together, right?
(See the end of the chapter for
himself today. He looked back at Dean, who was now reaching his arm out to tap the table next to him, an obvious message to Castiel. Castiel sighed. If Dean wants to suffer, so be it. He swiftly put his bag on the table and sat down, before realising that he’s against the wall. He has nowhere to run. His brain immediately thought back to the day before, and his heart started beating.
“Cas is with someone?” Charlie spoke first. She returned the phone to Dean’s side, more interested in the sight in front of her right now.
“He said he was busy. Texted me and told me to come get you first.” Gabriel replied, his eyes fixated on Castiel to catch any subtle change of expression on his face. Castiel didn’t disappoint, as his eyes clearly shifted and the corner of his lips slightly drooped.
Last chapter had the most comments I got in such a short period of time, and frankly it was as scary as it was motivating and exciting. Love reading them! Love fearing them! Thank you!
He was avoiding him.
The big tree wasn’t exactly an unknown spot. It was a
I WAITED
and not
Castiel knew not to overstep his boundaries as an “acquaintance,” and gave Jo her space and decision to let him know what happened herself, if she ever wanted to.
“Speaking of smell, I couldn’t get anything from you since just now.” Dean asked nonchalantly.
Thank you for reading so far and not giving up after 18 chapters lol
Dean looked up at Castiel, and tilted his head. He raised an eyebrow, and Castiel realised that he was confused.
It was weird. Having a picnic at 11:43pm at night, in a field of grass and insects probably crawling all over their food. The only illumination was from a car. A 67’ Chevy Impala. Castiel puts down his sandwich, giggling to himself. He was the one who suggested this. He didn’t know why, but he thought it was important to have it. Today. Right now. Maybe it was because of all the pressure from school. Maybe it was because both of them were getting too busy to hang out with each other, and Castiel really needed assurance. This was his first time falling in love, and he hoped that it was his last.
be friends with Castiel.
I tap cautiously, and suddenly I was bombarded with two words I didn't think I'd ever see together.
I usually write my chapters at work, and I’ve been given a new task so I don’t think I will be able to write as much this week. In fact, I barely managed to write a chapter at all this week. So to allow myself to catch up and sort out some details in the future chapters, as well as the next chapter being somewhat important so I want to make it as perfect as I can make it, I will be skipping an update for next week and hopefully when I come back two weeks later I will have more chapters written and we’ll be back to normal scheduling.
not like that
Man, this week has been so full of shit that I don't even remember what happened. Charity livestream? Cockles content? LatAm dub interview? Script leak? Destiel never dies
Hello! I took an impromptu break last week so I didn't upload a chapter, sorry! Also stay safe guys, covid swabbing is a horrible experience
Angel: hey god
Dean was still unwilling to let up, so Castiel gave Dean half of his sandwich (uneaten of course), and picked up his share again. Dean smiled and took a bite.
(See the end of the chapter for
out of Dean, but his lips were sealed. Gabriel didn’t even bother with Castiel; the little guy practically kept everything bottled up. The pair were at their wit’s ends with these two who just refused to talk it out.
12 April 2018: This chapter has been edited to better suit the story line.
cw // molestation
The burning feeling in his body was reaching its peak, as he imagined the Alpha caress every inch of his body. His movements grew faster as he desperately attempted to finish. The smell in the room was suffocating, his vision growing hazy as he stopped stifling his moans.
It never changed.
The next day, Dean couldn’t meet Castiel because of assignments, or so he said. In the evening, Gabriel appeared at the door once again. On Thursday, their thirty minutes were spent in tension as Dean made the gap between him and Castiel extremely clear. He still sat beside him, but he wasn’t as close as he used to be. Dean could barely look Castiel in the eyes as he distracted himself by engaging in pointless conversations with Charlie and Gabriel. He was acting so aloof that Castiel was sure even the pair could tell something was wrong between them. Castiel bit his lips, trying to not let the aching feeling affect him too much, as he sat silently and ate his lunch.
