Julie undergoes a face journey as she tries to come up with a convincing lie, though it has no chance of succeeding. “His band provides the holograms and instrumentals for our performances.”
“Pleased to meet you,” she dismisses perfunctorily before turning back to her dad. “Can I talk to you for a sec?” Carrie drags her dad over to the side to have a heated conversation while Julie and her dad have also started a whispered argument, leaving Sam and Dean awkwardly standing in Trevor Wilson’s mansion apparently stuck in the middle of a teenage girl family blood feud.
“Alright,” Sam concludes when Willie’s said all he knows. “Well, thanks for your help. Once we have a lead on how to help you we’ll come find you.”
“Wait,” Dean manages to get out. “Uhh… can you send that to me?” He grabs the notepad Alex was using earlier and writes down his email. “I didn’t know he—I’ve never seen that one.”
Crowley tsked and went back to his drink. “Well if you’re going to be a prick about it, I won’t bother telling you.”
She places a hand on his shoulder, which causes him to freeze up instinctively, but if Death wanted to claim him now, she would have. “Go home, Dean. Live your life while you can. And when the time comes, it will be an honor to reap you.”
It’s the buzzing that breaks him. He just needed a minute to process so he could force this down like he always does, but when he sees Sam’s name come through on his phone he knows he can’t ignore things this time. There’s no easy way to explain what just happened, especially when Dean
The split-second look on her face says she would be popping Julie’s head like a balloon if given a safety pin and two minutes alone, but she schools that expression at the sight of Ray. “Julieeee,” she fawns with a saccharine expression, pulling her into what could technically pass for a hug. “Hi Uncle Ray,” she continues a little more genuinely as Ray pulls her in. She moves on to hug her dad, who plants a kiss on her forehead. “What’s this little party about?”
Sam sits down in one of the plush chairs of the makeshift living room area and pulls out a notepad. “Alright I’ve got a couple theories but I’m really just shooting in the dark here.”
“Gee,” Julie snarks, “I wonder why.” Trevor looks back at her, hurt, which seems to deflate her. “Sorry, I’m just a
His attention is drawn by a note that flutters down from the loft into Julie’s hands. She gasps as she reads it. “Mom?”
Ultimately, while it hits a little too close to home, he’s resigned himself to the fact that people are gonna see what they wanna see and he can’t control how people interpret his actions. And if his story makes some random queer person feel a little less alone in the universe, then maybe that’s not so bad. As for himself, that’s not a reading he can afford to consider.
“You used to trust me,” he responds quietly, taking stock of just how far they’ve fallen. “You used to give me the benefit of the doubt.” And of course they’d both betrayed that trust time and time again. But evidently some things can’t be forgiven. “Now you can barely look at me.”
The brothers reconvene with the band. “Okay,” Sam begins. “I think I have a working theory of what happened. Somehow, when you guys died, you got sent to the Empty.”
Sam eyes him with concern and pity and it sets Dean’s teeth on edge. “Can humans even go to the Empty? What if you can’t get back?”
“Well if it is it’s not a very good one. It doesn’t say anything about what the plan is or how to do it, just that she has a solution.”
Ever since that siren almost got Dean to chop Sam’s head off, the tension between them that’s been growing since Dean got back from Hell—from long before that, if he’s being honest—has been on a constant cycle of bubbling over into shouting matches that they quickly shove the lid back onto while they drive in excruciating silence. This round, they’re fighting about dad and his parenting strategies.
“Which you are,” Ray points out. “But, I think this is a good compromise, plus this way you can keep your tía busy if she shows up.”
Cas freezes, face suddenly expressionless. “Don’t do this.” It’s a macabre echo of the last thing Dean said to Cas before he came here.
Nick looks between them with a face far too calculating for a high-schooler. He grins menacingly and stands. “Of course, see you tomorrow.” The boy passes by him with a terse nod of his head, and Dean begins to roll his eyes before noticing something familiar.
“So I’m a demon??” Alex jumps up and begins to pace. “Oh my god, my parents were right, I am going to Hell.”
“So?” Julien looks at him quizzically like he truly doesn’t see the connection. “Neither am I, it’s a re-enactment not a come-on.”
’s the fear that says she knows exactly what this is about. It’s a gamble, but at this point they just need a foot in the door, so to speak. Julie looks back and forth at the brothers, then seems to resign herself to having this conversation. “Dad, can you give us a moment?”
“Wait,” Julie cuts in. “If Caleb’s the only thing keeping them around, then what happens to them if we figure out how to take him down?”
Sam wisely ignores Dean’s rare mention of what his time in Hell was like, instead commenting: “I thought you loved hunting.”
Luke perks up at that. “No… wait, that doesn’t make sense, how could we see each other if there was no light?”
alright, full disclosure, this is where the story starts to go off the rails, but in my defense, does it make any less sense than canon?
The other thing that sucked was that he wasn’t even sure there was anyone else to mourn them. He knew Alex didn’t have anyone except the boys, Luke was apparently a runaway too, and it sounded like Reggie’s home life wasn’t that great. Did anyone even remember them as anything except a weird local legend?
“If your book has changed?” She turns to face him with a look of sympathy that confirms Dean’s suspicions. “I’m sorry, Dean. Your fate was sealed with the closure of Chuck’s.”
“Yeah,” Dean concurs. “The time for coming clean was before ghosts factored into the equation. Once people get hold of the story they’ll be looking them up and notice they look an awful lot like your band. You and the boys are in this charade for the long-haul until we can figure out a way to put them to rest.”
Sam too has a routine for dealing with Cas being dead. He gives Dean space for a bit, then corners him one morning to grill him while he’s too hungover to fight him on it, then leaves him alone again for a while, then nags him to eat a food and maybe consider sleeping in an actual bed and not a pile of bottles on the floor, with cases peppered in for flavor as they arrive. He has currently reached the try-and-distract-him-by-rambling-nonstop-about-something-he-knows-damn-well-Dean-gives-zero-shits-about phase.
“Oh they’ll for sure lord it over you til you die,” Dean agreed. “Though I guess that depends on how you define ‘working’.”
In retrospect it shouldn’t have surprised him, but half an hour later he found himself locking lips with Alex behind the bar until the rest of the band started razzing them. Dean took this as his cue to get the fuck out of there before things got any gayer.
“Not really,” she huffs, moving towards the door anyway. “But thanks.” He nods, following her back inside.
He pulls his brother close and leaves with him all the “I love you”s he never said, should have said but couldn’t. It’s the least he can do: pay forward the vulnerability and affection Cas showed him in his final moments to those still around for Dean to tell.
“Then I’ll keep coming back here until it sticks.” He looks at Cas and he knows the moment of truth has come. “Cas and I love each other.” The audible gasp from Cas as his eyes widen in unbridled hope is more thrilling than Dean can describe but they can figure that out later. He smiles at him then turns to face the Shadow, who seems bored. “Now I don’t know how often that happens in this kind of place, but back on Earth it’s pretty rare.” He faces Cas again, willing him to understand every word. “And I will fight for it until my last breath because I’ve already wasted too much time being scared of it.”
“He looks exactly the same as the last time I saw him.” Now or never, Winchester. “Well,” he quips with false bravado, “except with a little more clothes on.”
On a Monday in early November, Dean and Sam set the record for their longest tenure in a school district so far. The fact that it’s the same one they started the semester in is even more unbelievable. Dean worries a little that Sam might become too attached to the place if they stay much longer (though his psych teacher would probably say he’s “projecting” or some shit). Also, Dean’s already broken several girls’ hearts and he should probably get out of there before he’s hooked up with half the junior class.
“So I started by hiding out places, only interacting in small ways: a flower here, a clue there. Carlos and Victoria couldn’t see me either, which helped, and neither could you, Julie. I left the song for you on the piano bench, and that’s when you came in to clear out the studio, only for the boys to arrive. When I realized other ghosts were on their way I fled, knowing they’d be able to see me.”
“Okay. So as most of you know, I used to work at the Orpheum, which is how I met Sunset Curve. Sorry you guys died, by the way, that was such an unfair way to go.” The ghosts acknowledge her silently. “Anyway, between that and my time with the Petal Pushers—that was my band—I got to know the club circuit pretty well, and when Trevor hit it big I met some of the people higher up in the industry. That’s how I heard about Caleb and the Hollywood Ghost Club. Trevor had been invited to join but I don’t think he understood at the time.”
to reject him. Knew there was virtually no coming back from the Empty and he’d never have to face the aftermath of what he said. That sneaky son of a bitch.
Julie looks around the studio frantically hoping to catch a glimpse of her mom’s ghost. Carlos takes the note from her hand and reads it, Ray over his shoulder.
But he can’t even wallow in the self-hatred anymore because apparently that’s ‘not who he is’, because Cas’s dying fucking wish, the thing that made him so happy it killed him, was Dean having even an ounce of self-worth, was Dean seeing himself as something other than a stubborn blight on humanity who just happens to also end apocalypses. Cas didn’t peg Dean’s value to his usefulness or his strength or his success in saving the world. Cas refused to be deterred by the worst depths of Dean’s imperfections; he knew every last one of Dean’s many failings and loved him anyway. Cas chose him time and time again until choice was forcibly taken from him.
“Language, Dean,” Rowena chastises with a devious grin. She turns to face Cas. “Very well, do you, Castiel, take Dean Winchester to be your semi-lawfully wedded husband?”
He was wrong, it can get a lot weirder, which he should know well enough by now not to say shit like that. Julie plays a little melody on the piano and starts singing. Nothing happens during the first verse, but as they hit the chorus, a loud whooshing noise accompanies the sudden appearance of a full band, complete with instruments.
“Yeah,” Luke concludes. “We wrote you guys a song; well, really it’s mostly about Dean since we know him better, sorry Sam.”
Dean looks at Cas one last time and places a tender kiss on his lips, lets it stand in for all the times he should have kissed him but didn’t and all the millennia they could have been doing this if circumstances were different. “I love you.”
Julie looks between the three of them befuddled. Eventually, she decides, “I think this whole situation is way too weird for me to have an opinion. But I guess it would be a comfort to know Death herself was looking out for me.”
Dean runs his fingers through his hair in frustration. “Look, I have an idea: if you use me as a vessel, Jack can pull us both out.” Cas raises his eyebrows at that. “I know, it’ll be weird and there’s a lot of things that ideally we’d talk about
“I love you too,” he chuckles. He finally becomes aware of the other people in the room when their woops and catcalls become too obnoxious to miss. “Yeah yeah, fuck off,” he drawls without heat, finding it easier and easier not to care about how blatantly in love with Cas he is in front of his family. It’s his damn story now, and if he wants to be a sappy queer in this one, then that’s his prerogative.
“Save it,” Dean cuts in with a wave of his hand. “You had your moment, let me have mine.” Cas flinches and Dean realizes this might not be the best approach. Cas still honestly believes Dean will reject him for his feelings. He sighs and walks up to Cas, pulling him into a hug. Cas freezes before tentatively bringing his arms up to complete the embrace. They just stand there like that for several seconds, or maybe it’s decades; time does work different here, and he realizes only in that moment that he kind of likes the idea of standing here holding him while centuries pass them by. Who’s gonna stop them, Jack?
Julie attempts a smile at that before looking back out at the swaying trees. A few moments later, her phone pings. She smiles for real.
with our emotions as you, but it’s not exactly something I’m comfortable talking about, alright? If I had my way, we would have just left this as an unspoken understanding.”
“Okay.” Apparently they’re doing this. Maybe he can spare them the same drama he and Cas went through. “Well, what about Flynn?”
“If I may,” Flynn jumps in with faux-seriousness. “If it’s a problem of sampling, why don’t we just increase our sample size?”
“Not by themselves, no,” Sam continues in excitement. “But they’re all connected to someone who can make them visible for a sustained amount of time.”
Luke stops Alex in his tracks with hands on his shoulders. “Okay first of all, I can’t think of a time your parents were right about anything. Second of all we were already
Usually Dean’s spank bank is populated by models and former girlfriends, but after the fourth day in a row of his kiss with Julien firmly inserting itself into the line-up, he decides they need to address it. “Man, I don’t know what you did, but I can’t get that damn kiss out of my head.”
Dean grins with a swagger that is (he realizes while it’s happening) the same one he uses when he’s flirting. “You didn’t think I’d let you get away from me that easily, did you? After all that?”
Dean and Sam arrive at the studio the next morning to see Julie and the Phantoms and Trevor Wilson set up with their instruments, ready and raring to play. Ray and Carlos are on the couch talking to Rose, and Flynn and Carrie are passive-aggressively sizing each other up while Willie talks their ear off by the door.
Sam drops his notebook on the coffee table with a sharp exhale. “The only remaining possibility is that either we’ve been wildly misinformed about ghosts, or they’re not ghosts at all.”
“Ah,” the tailor replies with a frown. “A bespoke commission, unfortunately the poor man passed away before I could finish it. I didn’t have the heart to scrap it, so I finished it and put it up. It’s more a conversation piece than anything.” He studies Dean for a second with a finger to his chin. “Although, it’s actually pretty close to your size, and truthfully I’ll sell it to the first person who fits no matter how much they offer for it.” Dean raises his eyebrows in consideration, and he must stare at it long enough that it elicits a smile from Maurizio. “I know you said you didn’t want something flashy, but we could always try it on, just for the fun of it.”
“What?” She looks at him expectantly, and he remembers his impromptu concert. “NO, nope, window closed, that was a limited-time offer, sorry.”
“Although,” Cas continues with a mischievous glint in his eye. “I don’t know why we’re talking about marriage when you haven’t even asked me yet.” Son of a bitch. Why did he ever think Cas would let him off that easily? But y’know what, that’s fine, if it’s a proposal he wants it’s a damn proposal he’s gonna get. Dean’s never backed down from a challenge before and he has no intention of starting now.
Fuck. Did he know what he did to him? Gabriel trailed his fingers over Sam's neck, making a soft, hungry noise. "Everywhere... I like that idea."
Gabe nodded tightly and soon his supplies, towels, and bowls of hot water were on the coffee table. Cas emerged from his hot shower to see everything and immediately he froze, panic gripping him.
Thinking for a moment, Sam came closer to the couch and smoothed his lover’s hair back. Then he knelt down and took more shots.
"Yeah. Um. It's... why don't you guys take my bed tonight?" Standing, the Marine moved to help him with the sleeping man."I'll just rest on the couch after I go up and make sure the dogs are all right."
Working his tongue over the head of Castiel's cock, Dean slid a hand up to stroke the rest of his length. He was leaking, and it coated the older man's mouth.
"It's no problem, seriously."  Gabriel moved, grabbing a cookie before motioning to them. "You should try one. They're not bad. The other food can be questionable."
"Are you?" The growl went straight to Gabriel's cock, and he rolled his hips, teasing them both. "You're very hard, baby."
"Already?" He tilted his head a little, confused by the question. In his past experiences, it was now definitely time for Sam's pleasure.
Sam blushed but rolled his eyes as he and Gabe sat down. Cas helped Dean pass out breakfast, one hand resting on his boyfriend’s back.
“I think, Angel, that I should turn this pretty ass of yours as red as these pretty panties,” the lawyer purred, spanking him several times sharply. “Then I’m going to kiss it all better.”
Don watched silently from the trees, his beady eyes dark as he watched the Winchester Novak house. Months had passed, and he'd seen the slut, Castiel heavy with pup, moving around with the yard with Elias and the other pup- the girl of the other whore... as much as he wanted to hurt them for their part in the deaths of Kraven and Brett, it'd have to wait. Besides... when he took the pups, it would be enough. They'd be worth more money than the whores combined.
"Come on, Cas. We need to be at the airport in fifty minutes." Dean knew that Crowley would be counting.
Sam followed him to the garage. “I left because I thought she was your...I don’t know. I just heard her say it was technically yours, and I panicked.”
"That's a long time, honey." Stroking Castiel's chin, Dean stole a kiss, pulling Castiel against him.
Huh. Gabriel hadn't thought that he would be the Novak to make him moan. "So, how'd the date go, Dean?" He waved away Castiel's words.
Letting out a deep breath, Cas stepped into his arms and rested his head on the younger man’s shoulder.
"Hey, hey, that's enough." Nudging them, Dean shot them a look, and they tried to lay on Castiel. "Charlie's coming over later for dinner." He tried to cheer up his boyfriend.
"Cassie and I grew up here." He told him, leading the way into the kitchen. "There they are." Gabriel grinned, seeing Dean setting the chicken on the platter to rest. "Sam, this is Castiel, and Dean, his… friend."
Biting the line of Sam's right hip, Gabriel sucked until he was sure there was a mark. His... "Begging for me already?" He nuzzled Sam's cock. "Where do you want my mouth, Samshine?"
"Cas..." Dean kissed his thumb, his green eyes dark. "Fuck, baby... you looking at me like that... do you know what you do to me?"
"Oh? Thought I raised you to be more the giving type." Dean rolled his eyes. Did Sammy think he'd give in so quick? Gabriel and those lollipops made it more than clear what he'd do to Sam when he had the chance.
Gabriel woke on a sob as he pulled his heart from his chest in his dream. His eyes were wide and panicked as he sat up. "Cas- Sam, I-"
Cas absently played with Dean’s long fingers. “He’ll need...everything. And...I want to know...everything about him.”
"Okay." Taking a deep breath, he slowly exhaled as he started to examine him. "You do have a bit of a tear. I can put in a couple of stitches." The alpha in him was
"I suppose that I can forgive you for showering." Gabriel stretched, then climbed out of bed. "I should shower too."
"Samshine! I bribed a nurse with chocolate. I have her phone. I missed you!" Gabriel told him in a rush.
"Of course. I'll make us a feast, lover. Put on some music?" Grabbing his apron, Gabriel began to bustle around the kitchen.
“Mm-hmm...” Feeling better, Cas let Gabe give him some water. As he finished the glass, Dean came downstairs. “I’m here, Dean...”
"There, look at you..." Scooting forward, Dean ground his against Castiel. "Do you know how sexy you are? How good you feel?"
Nodding, Cas gave Dean a firm stroke, grinning when Dean twitched in his hand. "Your dick is so big."
Gasping, Gabriel bit his lower lip, watching as Sam touched him. "Yeah... that's fine. Later." Fuck.... he'd thought of Sam touching him a million times, and this- the reality of it- was so much better than he'd imagined.
Sam studied the bottle of beer he had. “Your brother is a prick. And you knew he was, and put me up for a scholarship through his company. ”
"Actually, that would be my recommendation. Given your height, sir, we have quite a few SUVs that would suit you nicely. Our cars are a bit... small in the legroom department in comparison." Alfie explained to the tall man, leading them over to the SUV section.
When he came back, Lucky and Chopin made a beeline for their human. Gabe had already changed Cas into the PJs Dean offered and he was sitting near his brother.
“Then put that in your profile. You’re looking for something serious. I have some great candies of you that would go great on your profile, too.”
Dean rocked them gently, looking between them as he sung softly. His heart was aching, thinking about his mate and their daughter.
Dean waved a hand, shaking his head as he looked at him. "What you just gave me is a fuckload more than Sammy or I have ever seen. I'll have to pay your brother back... but... I'll pay back that money to you."
"Oh, I see- he's the star. We're chopped liver." Laughing, Dean grinned down at the little boy, glad to see a smile on his face. "So kiddo, how's Sully doing?"
“I know exactly what you mean. All of the toys… it’s just not you. And I don’t care who tops first. I just want to be with you.”
"Honestly? I think that'd be fucking awesome." Dean bit his lower lip, watching as Castiel's blue eyes trailed over the paper.
"I want to touch every part of you, Cas... I want you to think of me, showing you exactly how beautiful I think you are. How much I love you... How strong you are." Dean stroked the cloth over his body, tenderly cleaning him in a trail of suds. "What's your color?"
"Hey, no complaints from me," Dean told him, stripping off his clothes. Digging into the bag, Dean pulled out a pair of lounge pant. "Thanks for holding me together on the plane."
“You have been neglecting yourself,” Cas finally spoke, his voice hard. “All of your efforts have gone into Sam and me.”
"We're nearly done- can you make sure everyone has a drink so that we can sit down and eat?" Thankfully, he'd gotten a lot of it done that morning. He'd had to laugh at Sam's pout- and told him that they'd do it together next year.
Dean could see Gabriel laying on the ground by the shop, and he whipped the car into a parking spot. Grabbing his emergency med-kit, he raced over to him.
"And I was trying to steal a kiss from my hard-working boyfriend." Garth shot him a quick grin. "Besides, I will work on your nacho fries for you- the sooner you're done, the sooner..."
When he emerged, he only had to wait a moment before Cas reappeared. He was dressed in comfortable pants, sneakers, a ratty t-shirt and a jacket to keep warm. He had tried to brush his hair, to no avail.
Ketch eyed Lucifer for a moment before shooting him twice, just to be sure. "How are you doing, Castiel?" He held out a hand to help him up.
Looking up, Gabriel felt himself blush. before he added, "And he eavesdrops, kiddo... but not as bad as me." He grinned, kissing her head. "Sweet dreams, Princess. I'll be back in a few hours to feed you." He carefully laid her down, before he faced Sam. "You really are just tall enough to climb, but our girl is going to cringe hearing that soon enough."
"That's it, Sam." He stroked his thumb over the head of his cock. "Fuck my hand like you would me. Like I'm nice and open for you and you can just bottom out."
"Oh, I want my good boy to tell me what he wants." Sam's gorgeous muscles were too much to resist. He ran a teasing hand down his chest.
Gasping for breath, Dean fisted a hand into his hair, biting back the words about to slip from his lips. The feeling of Castiel's tongue, thrusting inside of him, teasing his rim open for the professor... His cock was aching, and he couldn't stop himself from fucking his ass onto Castiel's tongue the best that he could.
"They won't hurt you- though they're big and might lick at you. Is that okay?" Dean grinned at the smile on Theo's face.
“Dean.” Cas went straight to Dean’s arms, hoping his scent would calm his mate. “He was right. The night I came, Gabe had to stitch me up. But it’s over.” He buried his nose in Dean’s neck. “It’s over because you’re here.”
"Ohhh... she's pretty." Frowning a little, Charlie tilted her head, watching as the next pair of firefighters came out. The guy had a serious mullet though. She blinked as an immediate bid was shouted out to
"All right, so Gabriel... I wanted to have your statue done for Christmas but Cas insisted that I sleep." Dean told him, heading towards the workshop. "So... you do have two different things in here though." One that Dean had just made him, and then Cas's gift to him.
His hand jerked, back and Dean took a shaky breath. What the fuck? "C...Cas?" No, Lucky had to have bumped him.
Dean bit his lower lip, watching him. "I never stopped. Not for a moment, Cas... neither did Gabriel."
Dean laughed as she managed to lay on them, but they were covered in a dog. "I would have named you Bear, beautiful... and sure. What are you thinking?"
“It’s okay.” He was upset, but he understood. “Cas got to see her and even hold her. That’s important.”
"Ohh, that one's not too bad." Dean moved, taking the outfit from her. "What do you think, Cas?" He held it up to himself with his best Blue Steel.
Stepping into the shower, Dean hummed in appreciation at the hot water. He faced Castiel, looking the younger man slowly over. He had such a quiet strength. He was lovely, and the scar on his chest only added to it in Dean's opinion. Raising his hands, he stroked his fingers over his nipples, then pinched them.
"And you had agreed that it'd have been better with your pants off, right?" Dean leaned forward, tugging Castiel down so that he could start to undo his fly. "Unless, of course, you've changed your mind?"
"Charlie, tell me it is perfect." Gabriel held Zep to his chest, bouncing her gently. "Tell me this is a good idea." He had been anxious since he started to plan the proposal for his mate, and though he knew it would work, he just... hell.
“Awesome.” Sam and Gabe sat down together and Sam kissed his boyfriend as he reached for a slice of pizza.
Dean hit the button for a video call, grinning at the sleepy smile on Sam's face. "Hopefully they got some sleep."
Dean stilled, staring at their daughter- because no way in hell was he letting them go. She had bruises on her wrists, and here and there on her body, including her throat. "Tomorrow we're going to set up doctor's appointments for you all, get you checked out."
The older man finally blinked, his eyes suddenly watery. He couldn't find any words but he held his left hand out to Dean.
"He didn't say much. He was... he didn't think it was fair that heaven didn't have visiting hours." Dean rubbed the back of his neck, not really sure what to say. "We talked about how he could talk to him anyway, though."
Sam’s arms slipped around his sweet boyfriend. “It’s kind of a crappy room. Room and board were included with my scholarship, but that meant the worst dorm.”
"I'm pretty sure. We'll start small, all right? Besides, you and Dean enjoyed that pie." Gabriel shot him a smile.
Sam’s contractions were almost two minutes apart and he was in awful pain. Having Cas close helped considerably. Cas let him squeeze his hand and rubbed his back through each contraction.
“Almost ready.” Sam gave it another minute before he moved the browned meat to cool so Athena wouldn’t be burned. Then he scooped the pup up. “Hey. Pants are not for eating.” He laughed when the pup licked his face.
Cas kept going until his jaw began to ache. He could feel Dean shaking and he wondered what else he could do.
Tara was greatly relieved by how quickly Mr. Winchester was able to handle the divorce- at least her side of it. She'd definitely need to do a few other things, but a weight was off her shoulders. "Thank you, Mr. Winchester. Er... do you happen to know another adoption agency?"
"Ditto, Samshine." Gabriel let himself kiss Sam for a long moment before he flashed him a grin. "Let's blow this Popsicle stand, hm? I'm starving for a home-cooked meal and a cuddle." And he was completely sure that they'd be sleeping with their brothers tonight, which was just fine by him.
"I've never seen it either. That's... hell, Sammy, this is insane." He took a deep breath, pinching the bridge of his nose. "His brother wants to meet us."
"You need a cell phone charger, at least, so I'll grab the one from the car and bring it up." Standing, Gabriel moved to kiss Castiel's hair, then Dean's. "You two behave, hm?"
Unable to help himself, Gabriel burst out laughing. It was too hysterically on point. He grabbed onto Sam, supporting himself on his body.
“I love you, too...” He helped Dean with his jeans, and once he was naked in front of his husband he blushed a little.
Sam jumped to help him, and soon they were sitting at the table with their dinner and glasses of wine.
"An ordeal..." Gabriel slipped his arm around Sam's waist, smiling. "My perfect Mate, always finding the perfect way to put things."
Blinking, Dean placed his hand on Castiel's, his brow furrowing a bit. "You don't know everything about me either, Cas. You've only skimmed the surface…"
Remy was the first to come bounding down the stairs. He made a beeline for Dean and sat at his feet.
"Good, because... I wanted to put a section in the library for you." Gabriel held him close, only to jump as the woman on the TV screamed. "...I'm starting to hate this movie, as much as I love it. You okay if I turn it off?"
Dean paused in taking off his boots by the door. "Of course- we can take a nice hot shower together. That'll be nice."
"Well, I packed them a bottle of lube and a box of condoms, so we'll see." He nudged the Rancher, looking amused as he headed towards the house. "Should we eat?" He asked, tilting his head a bit as he let Castiel walk in front of him. Those jeans fit him like they'd been painted on.
Charlie was waiting for them in the bedroom. She was still in her pajamas and she watched as Gabe and Cas helped Dean into the large bed. “I’ll go shopping in the morning,” she yawned.
“You haven’t done...anything. I promise,” Cas quickly assured. “I just... I’ve been thinking about...about sex.”
"You're going to be fine, Sam." Gabriel looked at Dean, then held out his hand. "I'm Professor Gabriel Novak."
Dean jerked his eyes to his brother, giving him a look before he could express any sort of shock at him giving one of his pieces away as a gift.
"My dirty boy was thinking about my mouth on his cock, wasn't he?" Gabriel pulled out onto a seasonal road, then grinned as he saw a turn off a moment later. "After all, that's what you want, isn't it?"
"Clarence..." She sniffled, then moved to hug him, pressing her face into his shoulder. "They're kicking me out of my apartment. They're raising the rent because they want to have a higher class sort of..." She trailed off as Gabriel hugged her as well.
Biting his lower lip, Dean made a soft noise. "Cas..." His cock twitched in his pants, and he reminded himself that Castiel was exhausted.
"Mandarin, actually." Gabriel beamed at Dean, choosing to teach in that moment. "It's also known as Putonghua, or "Common Tongue"."
“I’m both,” Cas assured him. He finished half of his pie and handed Gabe his plate. “That was delicious.”
Sam looked ridiculously happy as they drove. He felt like a part of their family had been completed with molly and angel.
Amelia smiled as she and Claire looked out the window. She’d never wanted to pass, and while she’d never wanted to see Castiel with anyone else, she and Claire were both incredibly thankful to see him happy. She was incredibly thankful that he’d found Dean, and she knew that in the future they all only had good things to look forward to, even if there were sad times.
Nodding, Castiel cuddled Jude for a moment longer before returning her to the isolette. Then he grabbed Dean's arm and carefully leaned into him.
Gabriel's hand fisted and he struggled to reign in the urge to beat his brother. Sam. And Cas. He needed to get the fuck over to the desk and get Cas home- and figure out what the hell had happened with Dean.
While everyone oohed and ahhed over the gifts, Cas quietly slipped out of the room and returned with a small, beautifully wrapped gift.
"Is this all right, Sam?" Gabriel nuzzled Sam's neck, teasing the tender curve with a hot, open mouthed kiss before looking into his gorgeous eyes.
Somehow that figured. He could just picture younger Cas with a crush. "A librarian, hm? Guy? Girl? Did they have the sexy librarian glasses?"
"You two are getting married first," Dean quipped, grinning as he gripped Sammy's shoulder. "After all, you were engaged first."
Cas fiercely returned her hug. “It wasn’t okay, but I’m going to change that. You’ll always be safe with me.”
"Dean almost made Cas sick with how much he was spinning him around." Snickering, Gabriel shook his head, taking a bite of his food.
Gabriel slipped his arms around his shoulders, gripping them tightly. "Thanks, Samshine." Fuck, that was humiliating in front of Sam- Charlie he could laugh with, but he didn't want Sam to respond to him falling that way.
Cas beamed with pride. “Today is all about her. She just got a new wardrobe, and after this, I’m going to take her to a few other stores.”
"I love you, Cassie. I swear... Cassie, I was committed for weeks after you..." He shook his head, remembering the blood-covered room.
Dean stood to change James, shaking his head with a small laugh. "I don't know what to say. Hopefully, my fans will like a little bit of happiness for once."
"Thanks, that'd... food. But like, not shit we get on the road. Actual food." Flopping in a chair, Dean pulled Atticus in his lap. The cat had been trying to hide under the couch.
"No, but plug your phone in. You don't want it to die." Gabriel moved to do the same with his own phone, putting it into a little stand so he didn't have to hold it.
Laughing with him, Gabriel pressed a kiss to Sam's jaw as he arranged himself with Sam, snuggling against him. "Poor baby."
Dean hummed, sucking his nipple into his mouth. He was so fucking beautiful... He slid a hand up Castiel's abs, teasing him a bit.
Cas just closed his eyes, ignoring the sting. He could see Dean’s face, hear his husband telling him to just hold on.
"You want chocolate milk or just normal milk, babe?" Eyeing him for a moment, Dean went to his bag and dug out a Chapstick, handing it to him. "Here. That looks sore, Honey."
The sensations were beyond anything Sam had ever felt before. Pleasure washed over him in waves as he greedily sucked Gabe’s dick.
Jumping, then relaxing as he saw his mate,  Dean laughed as he turned to face him. "You were supposed to sleep so that I could make you breakfast." Hell, he was adorable with that scowl... Having already brushed his teeth, Dean leaned down to steal a kiss.
Dean held him close as his mate trailed off. His own eyes were heavy as the pair of them laid there, entwined.
Theo bit his lip, then held his hand up to Castiel so that he could take it. He liked this place- it wasn't scary, and the dogs were nice!
Studying the verdant color for a long moment, Castiel smirked slowly. “We just have to take our puppy out. Then you can take me.”
"How's this?" Gabriel curved his fingers, stroking Sam's prostate. Oh, his Samsquatch was pretty when he begged. He took a moment, working in a third finger.
Gasping at the sensation, Dean moaned as Castiel tugged him up to bend over the bed by his hair. This… this was perfect, and if the closest Cas could get to the words was this claiming? Dean was all for it. Being
"Of course, Cas. I was thinking we could walk by the river a bit?" He suggested, giving Castiel a gentle squeeze.
Winking at Castiel, Dean got down to business, working the camera and giving it some of his sexiest looks. He knew he was attractive- he just felt a bit weird doing it for the camera.
“No lie there.” They finally reached Sam’s Lexus and climbed in. The moment they were both seated, Sam crushed his lips against Gabe’s.
Moaning at the light teasing, Dean gripped his hips. Castiel was so fucking perfect, so delicious... and he teased him, bringing him to the edge... before he pulled back. A strand of precome stretched from the head of the younger man's thick cock to his lips, and Dean slowly licked it away.
"Whoa, whoa, gorgeous. I need a bit of time with these bow legs." Snorting softly, Dean moved over slipped a hand into the older man's.
Hmm... Even with his brother the focus of the discussion- and with Dean being rightfully concerned, he checked on Castiel. He was definitely good for him.
"Here she is." Garth handed over the baby, gently adjusting her in his arms so the cords would be comfortable for them both. "She needs to be on the oxygen for a while." He paused, forcing himself to add, "Like I told Dean... I don't know how much time passed when she couldn't breathe. There are complications... we won't know until she's older, but..."
Holy fuck, he was glad for Dean. He had no idea why he was here- early, but fuck if he cared. "He's chilling in the back. Zachariah was just leaving."
Sam snuggled into Castiel's side, still stroking his kitten. "Thanks for bringing this stuff, Charlie."
label. "We won't stay, he's indubitably miserable. We just want to be clear that we're sincere. We're staying."
"Oh... we could look for him?" Gabriel told him quietly, putting his own food down to focus on him. "What do you remember?" He glanced over at Castiel. He didn't have to imagine how Sam's brother felt. He knew it all too well... though his father hadn't sold Cas.
Her big tail wagged, and she set down her puppy after a moment, who shook itself. Dean grinned, watching the dog sniff Castiel. She seemed very gentle.
"Cas, come on, it's time to wake up. I know the next morning's-" He blinked as he shook his brother's shoulder and he didn't move. He didn't even blink... he was cold.
Dean was a firefighter, had been for more than long enough to know that he wasn't coming back from this. He wasn't going to see his brother laughing again, that sarcastic little smirk...
He managed a slight nod. “I’m moving here from New York. I’ve been absent from my brothers’ lives for far too long.”
"I... I'm fine. I promise. I didn't get hurt. You did..." Dean stroked his fingers, biting his lower lip hard.
Athena flopped down on the grass by Castiel, laying half on him. Dean snorted and shook his head, laying down too.
"Thanks, Samshine." Gabriel kissed his cheek, then laughed as the three dogs laid down to stare at them. "No, brats, no people food for you. This has onions."
The dog barked happily, chasing more bubbles, and Gabriel grinned, "That's adorable. You having fun, Bubbles?"
The guests argued and competed, with Ellen emerging as the winner of the whiskey. Then it was time to open gifts. Gabe and Sam were situated on the couch and handed gifts by their brothers.
Gabriel swallowed hard, then opened his arms to his brother, motioning him closer. "I'm sorry, Cassie. I'm just..."
He was fucking perfect... so utterly gorgeous as his body strained on the brink of orgasm. Gabriel squeezed his hand, making an approving noise as he flicked his tongue over his frenulum.
"There, Rem. All cleaned up- and dry." Dean stroked the shepherd's ears, smiling down at the dog. "We should get back to work, now that you're all pretty."
"Mmm... I have to be up at seven to do the cakes. I'll work in my crunches then, too," Gabriel added with a yawn. Damn little brothers.
Sam continued to thrust until he climaxed, groaning deeply against Gabe’s neck. “Oh, fuck, I love you!”
Dean woke up early, thinking about slipping from the bed to make some breakfast. He moved- or tried to. Castiel's arm was around his waist like a steel trap.
His nails digging into his skin had the professor panting as he watched Sam breaking into a sweat. "God, baby... love how you fucking feel."
Dean gripped Castiel's shoulder. "For now you can just go home with us, okay? You can meet the horses." The kid was clearly afraid, and there was no way that Dean was going to let him be scared anymore.
Dean tossed a bit, grumbling, and Gabriel grabbed his chart to look over again just as a nurse walked in to check his temperature again.
"I know, Cas, but you're getting there. You've been through hell, and frankly, you're doing amazingly. We've been busy, when were you last able to talk to your therapist, kiddo?" Gabriel gently stroked his hair like he used to when they were younger.
"You sure you don't want coffee, man? Caffeine is the nectar of the gods." Dean shot him a grin, handing him his cup of milk.
"I know, Cas." Dean looked at him only to laugh as Elias let go with one hand and reached for the ball.
“Because you’ll already be working for me. All of my employees receive free care for their pets.” Okay, that was a lie. They received very nice discounts. But Dean didn’t need to know that.
"God, yes, Cas." Dean absolutely loved anal play, hell, he had a fuckton of toys in Nashville he fucked himself with, but... this was Castiel. He rolled his hips, his cock bouncing against his stomach. "You remember the prostate?"
"His organs would go to eight people if they're viable... his tissues, like his corneas, bones and tendons, veins and arteries, heart valves... well, not if they take the heart... skin can be used for grafts." Dean swallowed hard, staring down at his pilfered salad. Adam had wanted to save lives. He'd wanted to go to medical school, hell, he'd been so passionate about it…
"You are amazing..." Laughing softly, Dean snuggled against him. He looked down at his cock, poking at the knot. "Go down."
To those worried, I SWEAR this is being completed- I had to pause in my chunking the fic into chapters because of writing the climax with obsessedwithstabler. I was teary. Now we're in the home stretch, but this thing is gonna hit almost 300,000 words before it's done lmao.
"That's how I feel, Sam." He paused, his fingers stroking over the skin there. "You think it's a girl?"
"Not good enough? Cas- that thing with your tongue and fingers felt so good I was seeing stars. I can't wait to see what it feels like when you fuck me." The thought had Dean groaning as he kissed the older man's jaw.
The look on Garth’s face when the bullet hit made Cas cry out, and his friend crumpled to the garage floor. But suddenly Sam came barreling down, launching himself at Lucifer.
"Sam, I just told you that I was paying. When can you fly out? How long can you stay?" Grabbing his laptop, Gabriel started to look up flights.
Fuck- Gabriel cried out, his back arching as he came between them. He lost the rhythm, trying as he ground down on Sam's cock, his ass clenching around him.
He pouted, letting the older man take him into the bedroom. "Will you at least cuddle me? Remy's got bony elbows."
Beyond content, Sam laid his head back down. When Cas stirred, he shushed him gently. “Don’t even think about it, Cas,” he rumbled.
Sam watched him go before he quickly cleaned up the kitchen and put the leftovers away. Then he grabbed some water and hurried to rejoin his fiancé. “Baby?”
Gabriel moved, nuzzling his way down Sam's abdomen, then slid his fingers through Sam's wet cheeks. "I'm going to lick at you, and make you feel so good, baby…"
Once they landed in Austin, Sam rented another car and drove them straight to the hospital. His heart was pounding and he called Gabe to tell him they had arrived.
Gabriel raised a brow at Meg, sitting up a bit from where he was relaxed on Sam. "Samshine, love, your brother's awake."
Sam quickly parked his SUV and turned off the engine. Then he rushed over to Gabe. “Are you okay, angel?”
"No? But I am betting that it has led to her current attitude." Slipping into the shower, Dean moaned at the hot water.
After some internal debate, he decided to call Sam first. But he refused to leave the room, so he stood up and walked over to the window to call Sam.
Sam ate all of his food and reached for more. But he stopped shy of refilling his plate. He didn’t want to look too greedy.
Besides, the last thing that he wanted to hear was to hear anything like sex noises from his brother.
"Well... Sammy says so." Dean cleared his throat a bit, shrugging as he pulled up his phone, sliding it over to show Castiel some of his statues.
"Of course." Dean kissed Castiel's cheek as he delivered the placenta, then cut where he was told to. "There we go..." he glanced over at Gabriel who was about to hand Benjamin over to him.
"Oh, I... I don't have that kind of time. I am always working. As is, I do this at night. Sam set me up an Etsy, so I can sell the flowers and little stuff. Sometimes statues and things... but between Bobby's, the club, and the factory..." He shrugged, shaking his head.
Sam grinned so hard his face hurt. He quickly pulled out his phone and took a picture of the moment.
"So there's been a lot of speculation about me in the last year or so, but I want to introduce some of my most important friends to the person who is the other half of my soul. You all have heard me singing to him for years... and I'd like you to meet him," Dean's voice rang across the stadium as he spoke.
Dean squeezed his hand back, trying to control the fear he was experiencing. It didn't matter. He was going to Cas. He'd do anything for Castiel.
"Dean, as I said last year, you are wearing too much clothing." Sebastian started to ready his camera.
"Oh, um- we're going to take those Nike's there." Dean pointed, then paused as he looked at his old boots.  "Er, these as well, but I'd like to wear them out if that's-"
"...And there it goes." Gabriel sighed, giving in to the fact that the moment was truly over, moving to set the table.
"My brother's apartment is on the third floor. He gets off at eight and I know he'll be starving," Sam explained with a grin.
"Well, I had been intending on making stir fry, but I'm more in the mood to eat so that I can suck you off after... provided that you're willing." Gabriel shot him a smirk, brushing against him.
Cas reached out and rested his hand on Dean’s back. “Since Gabe is cooking, Sam, do you want to go rest on the couch? All three of us?”
Taking a moment to assess, Gabriel touched his bleeding face. "I have some nasty splinters in my leg..."
“It still means a great deal to me.” He absently rubbed Cas’s back. “I’m gonna crash with him, if you’re sure you don’t mind.”
"Now... close your eyes Samshine." Waiting until he'd done so, the veterinarian carefully guided him ahead. "Surprise." He told him, slipping the key to the SUV into Sam's hand.
“Oh, sweetheart...” Sam hugged him closer and began to rock them. “I’m sorry. But it was a dream, and you’re awake now. You’re with me. You know I’ll keep you safe.”
"Yes, it's amazing that he fell in love with me- which is surprising as he's normally not gullible," Gabriel told him with a laugh.
Dean kissed him lingeringly, cuddling against Castiel. Words rose to his lips, and he bit them back. Was it too soon? He'd talk to Sammy.
"I just... I know that I told you about how it was growing up- about up until we were with Bobby... and I guess I'm afraid of losing that home." Dean told him after a long moment, his voice husky.
Cas looked at the picture. In it, Sam was laughing with his head thrown back. Dean was looking up at him, clearly annoyed and confused.
"Not half as much as I missed you, Cassie."Gabriel trailed his fingers through Castiel's hair. "How was the flight?"
“Mm-hmm. They’ll be fine.” Sam began dishing out their delicious meal. “And Dean knows he can come get us if Cas has an emergency.”
“I mean so soon. I guess I was just nervous. And Dean looked so happy.” The student grinned at the memory, sipping his drink. He’d never thought he’d be that thrilled for him, even if he was sure he’d be excited for him.
"There... now we've got you all tucked in. You be a good Dean-o and listen to your omega." Gabriel told him, winking at Castiel before turning to face Sam. "He'll be all right. It'll take a while to heal, but it'll be fine."
Sam. "You need to stop contacting me." Fuck. He felt sick. "I'm not your anything. I'm donating this
Sam started grinning all over again. "A new computer is going to be amazing. Mine is more than ten years old."
"Not possible, baby." He laughed softly, then kissed him softly. "You really bit me, hm?" Not that he hadn't wanted it. Hell, he begged for it.
Still... something about Castiel made him want to.  The pain in his side as Gabriel stitched him up though, brought his attention back to the shorter man, trying to make another scar a bit neater than the other reminders of why he didn't ask anyone for anything... ever. He had Sam back now. He'd concentrate on that, even if all of the instincts inside of him wanted to hold Castiel to him.
Relief swelled up in Cas and he went into Dean’s open arms, trembling. “I’ll buy you a ring tomorrow,” he murmured. “Any ring you want.”
“I know. You’ve been working so hard to get his weight up, and I’m proud of you. I know Dean is too.”
"Well... that's up to you, Cas. I mean, I think he needs a routine as soon as possible, but I understand you wanting him close." Dean explained, picking up his fork.
"It's just the truth, Samshine." And if Sam thought that was something, just wait until he got treated how he should have been all along. He was going to take care of him, and he was going to love him how Sam deserved to be loved.
"The living room'll do." Honestly, it didn't take as much time as one would think to get the machine into the house and hooked up. Thankfully, as goofy as Garth could look, he was damn good at his job.
Sam swallowed him down before pulling off of Gabe with a soft pop. Then he laid his head in Gabe’s lap, exhausted.
Gabriel nodded, looking at Sam. "Should I?" He flashed his phone with the pictures of the Guinea pigs to Sam.
Feeling the first splash on his fingers, Dean cried out, coming with him with Cas's name on his lips. He was shaking when it ended, pressing his face into Castiel's neck.
"I... it was quick. I know he was up and bitching about us, and I think that they're going to want to know... the way they talked, about us growing up. They pulled my file, so..." Dean took a breath, then started to eat. “Apparently he followed the Impala to the hotel.”
Losing himself in the kiss, Gabriel moaned into his lips, and he pushed closer. "I love you so damn much, and I know I keep saying it but I don't care. I almost lost you."
"Baby, I told you... I'm just getting started." He grabbed his hand, tugging him and pulling him into the elevator.
"I wish I could make that better, I do, but all I can say is that you never, ever have to go through that again," Gabriel told him, smoothing his hair. A second later, it popped back up, and he smiled.
“Shh.” He rubbed Gabe’s back soothingly. “Come on. Let’s get everything in, then I’ll take good care of you.”
"Then you get to choose. I just want you." Whatever his lover chose, Dean was certain that he would fucking love it.
"I'm looking forward to it as well." Gabriel brushed his lips over Sam's jaw, gently but thoroughly washing the flour away before he moved on to his arms.
"I could have just licked that up, goof. Now you don't have a shirt to wear on the long walk inside," He teased, tickling Sam's side.
"What are you thinking, gorgeous? I'll be honest... I'm just planning on going anywhere that our brothers go." Gabriel leaned into Sam, smiling at the embrace. As much as he wanted to be there for Kali and the baby, they had a family, and he could visit often.
Cas looked between Charlie and Gabe before he finally sat down. Sam immediately curled up in his lap and shifted until his back was exposed to Gabriel.
Sam thrust into him, trying to match the thrusts of his hips with the movement of his hand on Gabe’s cock. “You feel so good on my dick.”
"Eh. You're supposed to be sleeping, Cas. I don't want you to waste your time being sorry when you've got so much more to look forward to." And they were Dean's issues. It wasn't fair to spill them at Castiel's feet when there were more than the entire back catalog of National Geographic.
"Oh, I'll take care of you- but I want to feel that tight ass of yours gripping my cock when you do. You want that?" Dean's long fingers traced the seam between Castiel's cheeks, teasing him through the denim.
Castiel slipped his arms around Dean's neck and touched his forehead to Dean's. "I have so much to learn about being a Dad…"
"Then let's go to bed." Gabriel pulled him into a kiss, nipping at his mouth. "I want my good boy to fuck me, just like he wanted."
"He's... tired?" Biting his lower lip, Gabriel moved over to Sam's side, stroking his fingers through his hair. "Hey, Sweetness... why don't you go on back up to bed. I can put lunch on hold for a bit…"
Castiel gave him a watery smile. "I know she's coming home soon, but I can't..." He swallowed thickly and tried not to cry.
Dancing around the kitchen, Gabriel sang to himself as he worked on dinner. It was just a simple chicken dish, light enough that Meg wouldn't raise hell about it.
Dean wasn't sure when exactly Cas had decided that he wanted to try head, but he was sure that he wasn't going to stop him. Holy fuck.
"Yes- just, just like that!" Gabriel was a bit pinned by Sam, but he rocked his hips just the same, greedy
"But... alphas hate pups that aren't theirs," he whispered. He knew. He saw other omegas become pregnant by their kidnappers. When they began to show, the alphas would stomp down on their abdomens, killing the pups.
Gabriel paused as he heard Dean in the kitchen. "I thought that you'd never wake up. Dinner's in the crockpot." He told him, smirking a bit.
"Dude, I wish that I had even part of his talent. And he makes it out of car stuff!" She shook her head, patting Sam.
Nipping his lower lip, Dean pulled back. "Mm... sorry, couldn't resist." He winked before starting the car.
"Good." He grinned, hugging Castiel close before offering him a slice of kiwi. "Eat, then we'll sleep."
"Ohh, my boyfriend is spoiling me." Dean stole a kiss, then yelped when Scout jumped up, demanding love. Grinning. Dean picked up the pup, scratching her ears.
Cas came up beside Dean. "Apparently Sam felt compelled to watch Gabriel sleeping. Why, I'll never know," he teased.
Looking up, Dean looked at him. "Oh. I'm glad that you like it." Inwardly, he preened a bit without intending to.
"What are you thinking about, love?" Sipping his cocoa, Gabriel made a happy noise. Fuck, that was perfect- just the right level of sweet.
Dean grinned, watching as Sebastian grinned. "Well... you're both gorgeous. Let me know if you want some pictures taken."
“I’ve been a captive for...I’ve lost track of the years. They raped me, beat me, almost killed me. I’m not an ideal mate,” he said with a bitter chuckle.
Nodding, Dean stroked a gentle finger down her cheek. "We're going to come back later, sweetie. We'll be back to spoil you."
"Just because there hasn't been evidence, Rowena, doesn't mean that I haven't killed before." He tended to a lot when it came to the Winchesters. An annoying habit born out of actual emotion, as disgusting as it was.
Gabriel stroked his fingers over his face, kissing him gently, letting their lips slide gently over his before he very reluctantly pulled away. "Heaven's a good word for it."
"That's great- honestly, I'm really excited about that," Dean remarked as they got into the Impala. "Cas... we should fuck in my car."
"Mmm. Dean's a natural. I was seriously impressed." Gabriel smirked, then nudged Charlie. "Girl, I made plenty. What are you looking at the weather for?"
Ah, his man standing up for his dignity. Like he cared about his height. Smirking, Gabriel shot him a wink. "Damn right, Sammich."
Taking his hand, Dean smiled and headed for the kitchen. He could already smell a delicious aroma- and Gabriel had music playing as he danced around the kitchen with Sam.
"Well, Cas... he has his issues. Dean is doing just what he needs to do now to steal Cassie's heart." Gabriel made a mental note of Sam's words. "But Castiel doesn't play around, so..."
"Mmmhm... so's your cock, Samshine." Gabriel winked at him, then swallowed him down again, moaning along his length.
He blinked and forced himself back to his senses. “Gabe… if you feel uncomfortable… you have to swear you’ll tell me.”
"Mm, I like how it feels." Stroking his hands over Castiel's chest, Dean traced the line of his scar before letting his thumbs find his nipples.
"Fuck, Sam..." The older man's voice dropped, and he fumbled for the strawberry. He needed to finish eating so that he could get his hands on him.
Gabriel made a soft sound at the feel of him nuzzling the sensitive skin. "More fruit is definitely possible, but we're going to need to order in some groceries."
Gabriel looked at Sam, smiling softly. "Honestly? I think a little girl would be brilliant in a house of men- and spoiled to hell." Not that they wouldn't love a little boy just as much.
Starting the hot shower, Dean moaned audibly as the hot spray hit his skin. "Oh, fuck... Cas, this is..."
"Nah. I've got him." No one else had really helped with Ben since her parents had dropped him off after having him... then they'd gone on vacation again. Honestly... she was kinda used to it with Theo. "Jody said she'd give us a car seat..."
Sam was all too happy to return the kiss. “Yeah. And now that money is going to help a lot of people.”
"Don't even, you didn't. You're just... healing in ways he isn't." Dean pulled him into his arms, inhaling his scent. His rut was suppressed, thankfully, but he still felt more of a need to be near his mate.
Cas poured another shot, his hands trembling. “After I lost them, I tried to kill myself. Gabriel saved me.”
"I got jumped... my head..." Gabriel trailed off, and Dean nearly threw the phone to Castiel as he raced for the car.
"I love you too, Cas. Here we go." Angling their bodies, Dean got Castiel through the wide doorway before heading towards the plush bed.
Nodding, Cas leaned into Dean and they went to a table ash had cleared for them. Cas sat down and picked up a menu.
"Uh, sure." Dean fished his phone out of his pocket, bringing up a video of the most recent event. "Here. Charlie's queen."
That was going to kill him. That breathless sound that roughened Sam's gorgeous voice. "Well, I am glad that you like that idea as much as I do."
His fiance was a fucking tease, and Gabriel loved it. "You're definitely achieving that mission, baby." His cock was aching where it was trapped in his jeans.
Castiel watched in fascination as Dean swelled. He was surprised to find that he wasn't afraid. He ran his fingertips over Dean's knot, coaxing him closer to coming.
Slicking his fingers, Dean slipped one in next to his tongue, carefully working him open as apple flavor and
The lollipop ring clacked off of the desk as the blond tried to hold on. Sam basically had him pinned, and it was making him wild.
"Wake him up. I'm heating up a bunch of the tea in the tub! He can soak and hopefully, it'll help." He hurried to the shelf, grabbing down all the tea that they'd bought.
“As far as I’m concerned, he’s the one way out of my league.” Sam's phone dinged with a text. Anna was searching him for treats, pushing Alex back and out of the way. She didn't seem to want him near her filly.
Pausing, Dean slowly smirked. "I don't give a shit about the furniture, but the rest can come out in boxes." He pulled out his phone, putting in a phone call to the fire department.
The thought made Cas laugh as well, and when they reached the mall they found Dean and the boys waiting for them. Cas looked at Emma pointedly. “So Emma, the boys are going to shop with Dean. And you and I are going to shop for you.”
Sam headed in that direction, and the kitchen he found left him breathless. “Whoa...” He was almost drooling as he made an ice pack for Gabe.
"An hour isn't soon enough!" Don swore, looking at his watch.  Forty-five minutes had passed, and he was screwed if he didn't show up. "I want it in a suitcase, unmarked bills. You know what we agreed on." He didn't want to get stuck with the squalling brats, he wanted the damn money.
Gabriel moaned, rolling his hips as he moved with Sam, eagerly kissing him back. He was so fucking perfect- and frotting together... he was fucking delicious.
"Hells yeah!" Charlie clapped her hands together, dancing a bit. "That is amazing! I should buy you bitches pizza."
"Well, Jude Mary doesn't work, but Mary Jude is kind of cute," Dean told him with a grin. "What do you think? We could call her Jude?"
"I am, Sammy. I've got your GPS pulled up, okay? DJ's on his way right now. Sammy, keep talking to me, please? It's okay..." Dean pleaded with his brother, full of fear.
After cleaning up and changing into his favorite pajamas, Cas crawled into his enormous bed. Once Gabe joined him, he snuggled into his brother and yawned.
Slipping his arms around Sam, Gabriel laid his head gently against his chest. "I love you, Samshine."
"You sitting down, Sammich?" Gabriel asked him, staring at the reflection of his baby brother in the window.
Sam finished his last two assignments in record time, gleefully closing his computer. Then he went in search of his man.
Sam obliged by leaning into the older man. “If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life… what would it be?”
"Don't worry, I did make a chocolate dessert that's healthy enough for Cassie to have." Gabriel nudged his brother, grinning as he saw him eating. Before the transplant, his little brother had little to no appetite.
"Sam!" Gabriel cried out his name, his thrusts stuttering to a halt as he came with him. "Love you so much, baby…"
"Lucky for you, my boss is rich and insisted on stocking my house with damn fine whiskey." Dean teased. "It's perfect for date night."
"Fuck." This was happening. He pushed his hair back, chewing the mint in his mouth. He could see the people starting to come through Arrival, and he felt his heart start to race.
Dean immediately saw a silky pair of blue bikinis. "Perfect!" The thought of Castiel's cock in the fabric.
"Am I?" Dean teased him, hugging him tightly back, nuzzling against his neck. "What makes you think that?"
When he came back from the bathroom, he found Cas sitting up against the pillows and playing with the TV remote. “Hi...”
Charlie grinned at her girlfriend, nuzzling into her neck. "I cannot wait to see you dressed up- LARPING is so much better with you."
"I'm sorry you hate my job..." Shit. He hadn't meant to say that. He'd just planned on zoning into the movie.
Gabriel made a soft sound, staring into Sam's hazel eyes. "That's a good thing, or tonight at the beach would be awkward, don't you think?" His eyes twinkled, and he grinned up at his fiance.
"Of course. I take care of you, don't I?" Gabriel's eyes centered on Sam's lips on the glass. Fuck...
“Well; I have fantasies. It would be incredibly arousing to me if we could act out all of our fantasies.” Castiel found himself blushing despite his best efforts.
"I can do that. It's been a while since I saw Cas." Since she was sure that they weren't going to let her say no.
"...Stop beating yourself up over it. You saved our daughter," Dean told him firmly, patting him hard on the back.
Sam raised his head a bit. “I want to walk to you,” he replied certainly, feeling a little breathless.
Like Dean would ever neglect him so. The younger man pouted a bit, playing with him. “Just once and I’m feeling neglected.”
Cas closed his eyes until he felt Athena lay her head in his lap. He cracked his eyes open and scratched her head. “Hi...”
Dean blinked, looking up with a raised brow at him. "Really? Issy, your Daddy's a brat. You know that?"
"I want to make this work, but I can't move, Sam. Cas... Charlie, the clinic..." he sighed, stroking Sam's hair.
Dean stretched in his sleep,  one arm up around Castiel's shoulders, the other bent so that his fingers curled at the trail of downy hair leading down from his belly button.
Dean grabbed some as well, carefully making a pile of them as they moved. "So... we need to give these kids a great Christmas."
Sam caught his lover and easily scooped him up. He held him close for a moment before situating him in the passenger seat of the car. Then he rushed around to get behind the wheel.
He came into the house, kicking off his shoes just outside the door. Intent on a shower, he poked his head into the study to see Cas, then quickly dashed upstairs.
"Eh, I want our traditions. Not other people's. I'm not leaving you either way, but I was serious when I gave you that." He pressed a kiss to the ring on Castiel's finger.
"Oh. Er... yes. Of course. I understand." Nodding, Gabriel kissed his brother's temple. "That's fine. What do you want to do?"
“Okay...” It meant he would be safe. Safe and married to Dean. The thought of it sent a mixture of excitement and worry through him. What if Dean was only doing this to help him? What if… what if Dean left? All he knew was if Dean left, it would kill him.
"Mmhm... it is possessive. My Sam... my good boy." The Professor stepped back, lathering up a washcloth to start cleaning up Sam. "I am dying to be inside you again. Do you know how fucking beautiful you are right now?"
Cas tossed his head back and laughed. “I don’t have freckles. Just a birthmark in a very private place.”
Growling, Dean cupped his face and made him look at him. "Don't talk about my mate that way. You are amazing. Think of where you are, what you've survived- how damn strong you are."
The sounds Gabe made were music to Sam’s ears. He leaned down and licked Gabe’s heavy balls as he moved his finger back and forth.
The rain finally let up enough to allow the foursome to move back to the house. The ground was muddy and slick and Dean insisted on carrying Cas to keep him from stumbling.
"It's a Winchester thing," Gasping as Castiel twisted his wrist just right, Dean gripped the blankets.
Dean picked his fork up after a minute, starting to eat again. His ready smile was dimmed though, and he was quiet.
"And silk sheets, if that's what you want, gorgeous." Gabriel buckled himself into the passenger side. "Maybe even some ropes and handcuffs." He smirked a little, watching his lover.
"I love you, so damn much. I'm sorry." He knew he'd been a real bastard during this and Sam'd just been amazing.
"Careful, Cas." Dean glanced around, his green eyes bright. "Wouldn't want anyone to get any ideas." As much as Dean hated it. There were some douche bags in the room.
"Absolutely. You're a better father to me than John ever was," Sam stated sharply. "You could never be like him."
"Mm. It'd be good for you. Stress isn't healthy for anyone." Moving to start organizing his desk, Gabriel took a breath.
Moaning into Castiel's mouth, Dean pushed his hands down, cupping his ass and pulling him closer. "Fuck, Cas... you feel so good."
Dancing with Sam from his seat, Gabriel pointed to a rack of pans across the room. "You read my mind. There should be healthy options for Cas and me." He smirked, "I bet Dean could tempt Cas into trying real bacon."
"I've got you, Cas... always, Honey, I promise." He laid his head against Castiel's, breathing in his scent.
"...She doesn't know how to listen." Huffing, He turned out towards the ranch. "She isn't just helping, I'm betting she called in the minions- which I told her I didn't want while I wait on the barn raising. The Amish guys are going to handle it-"
"I'm sorry, Cas." Dean wasn't sure what else to say, but he jumped as Remy started to try and climb into Castiel's lap.
Gabriel whimpered, taking Sam's cock with each ferocious thrust. He just seemed to know exactly what Gabriel needed, hitting his prostate. "Sam, please... so close!"
"A new sketchbook." It saved him picking one up, anyway. He'd found himself sketching Sam and Gabriel, Bobby, and most especially Castiel these days, which tended to eat through the paper and not help with possible welding projects.
Sam was absolutely terrified as they left Charlie's home, but he didn't speak. Worse, everyone could scent his fear rolling off of him in thick, choking waves.
"And you're the best Omega that I could ever think of having." Gabriel's eyes were dark as he watched him, pressing a kiss to the corner of his mouth. "I'm so happy that you're mine. Always…"
he stared at his phone before he finally hit send. He had too much to do to dwell on it. Straightening his shoulders, the oldest Novak headed outside. He had a ranch to run, injured or not.
"Yeah, they suck. I'm sorry, babe." Dean kissed his hair, knowing that cuddling would be uncomfortable.
Dean hugged him close, then moved, getting Elias's plate and setting it in front of them. "Eat slow, buddy. Daddy's too young for these heart attacks."
To say that Dean was a fuming was an understatement. He stood, shoving his chair back as he did so. "Keep her the fuck away from him."
“Love you...” Sam watched Gabe’s face in wonder, studying his expressions and committing them to memory.
"Of course. We'll continue the suppressors, then, unless you want to just use rubbers and... well... mate it out." Gabriel moved, refilling his own coffee before deciding to put on Zeppy's sling.
"Edging, love... is me taking you to the brink of orgasm and leaving you there. I do it a bunch of times before I finally make you come so hard you can't see straight. Can you be a good boy for me and not come until I let you?" The blond purred, watching Sam closely. He didn't want to push him too far.
"Battery Operated Boyfriend, man." Dean shook his head. "Then again, Led Zepplin's lead singer is a Robert...Robert Plant...."
Cas nodded and started to do just that, but when he saw Dean’s cock his mouth went dry and he couldn’t pull his eyes away.
Kissing Sam again, Gabriel made a little huffing sound. "Well, forget their selfish asses and fuck mine. I'm still hard for you, and I want to feel you come apart for me."
“Celia is blind,” the volunteer explained sadly. “Duke has been somewhat of a foster father to her. He’s really taken a shine to her.”
"Mm... we'll have to make some plans." Smiling a bit at the thought, Gabriel kissed him before relaxing against his chest.
"...It's how they teach us, Cas. The penis on an ultrasound looks like a turtle, and the little girl looks like three lines." Gabriel told him, shaking his head.
"Tell me about them? I want to make them come true." All right, now completely distracted from the cake, Gabriel looked at him.
"I've never seen him sweet on anyone like you." Sebastian mused, putting the puppy on his leash. "We need to get the kitten in his carrier- for his own safety. If they get a call, they'll be scrambling."
Not five minutes after he woke up, Sam found him in the kitchen. The omega rubbed his eyes sleepily and nuzzled into his mate.
"Da- Dean got us tablets!" Theo told them, grinning from ear to ear "It's so cool and I got my hair cut! Ben Ben only has a little, so we didn't think we should cut his." They’d talked about bringing the baby back for a cut.
The older man grinned before closing his mouth around the head of Dean's cock. His hand came down and cupped Dean's heavy balls.
Sinking all the way down on Sam's thick length, Gabriel took a moment to breathe, letting his body adjust. "You wanted me to twerk, right?" He smirked.
Jack nodded, snuggling his face more into Castiel's shoulder as he was carried back into the bathroom. His eyes widened as he saw Castiel turn a knob and water started to flow into the tub. He'd have to ask how all of this worked later.
Smiling, Gabriel started to plot what exactly he could do for Sam to romance him. Sam deserved everything- and he needed to figure out pranks...
"Nah, they're awesome. We're going to hook you up with some art stuff- you have talent." He assured her. "We'll get frames for these."
"How are you doing, baby?" Dean smiled at the cuddling, getting ready to flip the last few pancakes.
Gabriel stole a kiss, smoothing his hands down Sam's back. "You can suck me off you still want to, Samshine."
Staring at Castiel, Dean managed a small nod as Castiel teased the black and pink material. Was he seriously not scared away? It'd been something he kept secret, just to himself. If he thought Cas might see, he wore plain boxers.
"I love you so much, Gilda. How much we've been talking... How did you figure out who I am?" Charlie gave a soft shiver.
Gabriel sent his brother back a quick picture of Sam on the bed with both of the babies on his broad chest. Both of them were sound asleep, and Sam looked to be as well, though he had a big hand on each of the babies. It's too fucking cute, Cassie.
"I'm trying. I want to make things the best that I can for you and your family." Gabriel brushed a kiss over the corner of Sam's mouth.
Gabriel hummed as he wrote down the things that they'd need for dinner, cookies, and who knew what else.
Unable to stop himself, Gabriel made a little hum of pleasure. "Definitely. I even have the stuff to make my own whipped cream."
"Hell yes! Apparently, he didn't even bitch too much." Gabriel sent a text to Alfie, along with a bonus for handling the sale. He paused, biting his lip before he looked at his brother. "Er... so... I might have paid off the younger brother's schooling- he's at Standford, law school... and I paid for a decent car for him after snooping his Facebook."
"Exactly. It's never just that." He told him, stroking his fingers over him. "I've never felt like I do with you- and I know that I told you that before, but it's true every time, baby..."
Relief and contentment washed over Castiel as he held Dean tighter. “Even if I can’t bear a pup for you?”
"Good. He remembers me, so... that's good. You see how old your brother's gotten, Cas?" Dean stroked his thumb over his hand a little.
“Alright, sweetheart, you hear that? You need some more water.” He coaxed her to the water bowl again.
"They're in the car. It's so cool- really. It's awesome. Dean told us all about it. It's a 1967 Chevy Impala hardtop powered by a 502-cubic-inch big-block!" Theo told Castiel importantly, his eyes bright with happiness.
"Do I?" Dean smirked, kissing him as he rolled his hips, grinding their bodies together. "That's the point, love."
Gabriel's eyes were dark as he watched his fiance, debating just climbing onto the bed wet. "Fuck, Sam... do you know what it does to me when you say that?"
"Then I'll be in your bed until you tell me otherwise." Dean turned his head, kissing his palm. "Just don't even think about raising my pay." He knew Castiel too well.
Sam looked oddly relieved. "If Dean is missing a movie night with me, he must be planning something."
"Well, big brothers are smart like that. You should listen... though I'm hoping I'm not in the same category." He smoothed Sam's hair, watching him closely. "Promise me you'll tell me if you need anything, even if you think it's dumb."
"Careful, Cas. You're going to give me ideas." Dean winked at him, then moved over to start the burgers on the grill. Seriously, this was fucking awesome.
"I love you, too." This kiss was Sam's fault, of course- he was too sweet, and it made him need to taste him at his deepest level.
Dean rubbed his back, starting to hum Hey Jude quietly. It was the only thing that he could think to do.
Charlie immediately texted him back, confirming that Sam needed prenatal vitamins and suggesting a few things to add to the grocery list.
Stumbling through the house, Dean laughed at the dog. "Hold on, man- I'm starting coffee first," He got the pot started, then opened the door for Remy.
"Just for the record- that was hot as hell." He grinned as Castiel's hair tickled his face. "I think you gave me a hickey."
There wasn't much of an answer as they climbed into the Impala. A moment later, the engine roared into life as he headed to the shop.
"Hey, we knew it was coming. We're showering so that we can eat." Dean laughed, reaching for his body wash.
He discussed adding noise reduction to the rooms, and Gabriel smirked at him before agreeing... but told Dean he wasn't going to do it until at least the end of the week.
Zep began to cry from her saucer seat and Sam stood up. “I’m coming, angel.” Her lower lip wobbled, and she sniffled as she watched her Daddy coming for her.
"Mm... I can order us coffee." Sighing contently, Dean smiled, kissing his jaw. "You just have to let me go so that I can get my phone."
Once they were both suitably clean, they got out of the shower and dried off with towels Dean had laid out.
His fingers curled around his thick length through his pants, and Gabriel's eyes darkened. "Fuck, Sam... it doesn't bother me. You're amazing, and... touching you has me so damn hard... but we're not doing anything you aren't ready for, all right?" His thumb found the head of Sam's cock, stroking it lightly through his pajamma pants.
Scrambling to his feet, Dean's hands were on Castiel's chest, putting pressure on the bleeding wound before he even registered what he was doing. "Cas- fuck! Stay with me!"
"Mmm, Candy, honestly. I'm much more likely to grab anything and everything and eat it." Opening the box, Gabriel popped a few into his mouth.
"Oh. If it bothers you, I can stop." Dean glanced at him as they walked. "I don't want to make you uncomfortable. It's just the truth."
"Can we get some water for both of us, Meg? We're both thirsty," Dean told her, offering her a smile.
Gabriel sat down on the closed toilet after cleaning up from Castiel throwing up and flushing. "You should know that they didn't find Lucky or Anna in the barn. The new one will be up by Friday. I have that Amish family from out of town doing it."
"At least they'll be able to cuddle you tonight." Seeing a tuft of Castiel's hair sticking up in the back, Dean tried to smooth it, not that it worked.
Gabriel glanced at his brother, making noise as he they came in. Damn. The pair of them looked upset and tense. "Where should we put our bags?"
Gabriel's mouth turned up at the corner, but they were loading him into the ambulance with Sam before he could think of a reply.
Stroking his fingers along Castiel's back, Dean sighed softly. "I might be able to go home tomorrow."
Blinking, Gabriel raised a brow. "I haven't done anything." He hadn't really, just thrown money at a thing to make something happen.
Reluctant to leave but knowing he needed to, Gabe stepped out of the room and found Charlie in the kitchen. She was making some kind of delicious smelling soup and Christmas music was playing in the living room. "Hey. How are they?"
Bobby put down his phone, then lifted off his box to reveal a model of his sons. How the hell Dean'd managed it, he had no idea. The detail in their faces was terrific, and he moved to hug him.
"Private place?" Hell, that laugh was great- and the way his blue eyes lit up... "And yeah, we've had a few spotted dick jokes at the station." Dean laughed with him, amused in spite of himself.
Sam nodded his agreement as he finally felt full. He stood up and immediately began picking up dirty plates.
"Just as long as you remember it later." Gabriel winked at Sam, grabbing a strawberry and holding it to Sam's lips.
"Good." Green eyes sparkling, Dean headed over for the blanket and basket. "No wonder you were stressed this morning."
Shushing Castiel, and the alarm, Dean let himself fall back asleep. He was too comfortable to be awake.
Sam turned his head and gave Gabe a bemused look. “I know you were probably trying to surprise me, but next time at least don’t let my brother see my hard dick.”
"Let me feed you." Gabriel smiled against his lips, grinning as his own stomach growled. "I promise, you can have as many of my kisses as you want."
Gabriel hummed to himself as he sat at his computer, clicking through different ads for different cars. He was determined to find something perfect for his man before the week was up. Sam was studying- and it was just as easy in person as it was on the phone.
"Okay. That's fine. Why don't you think about it while we kiss?" He sure as hell didn't want to push Castiel into anything that he wasn't ready for.
"Cas, I don't need you to be perky for me." Dean's lips quirked as he started a pot of coffee, then looked at Castiel. "I just love that you're here."
"Well... now I'll sing it to Zep, right?" Dean touched his brother's still flat belly. He glanced at Cas, "Sorry, I know I'm squishing you."
Michael, however, had only lamented that Balthazar was avoiding him and outright refused to speak to him at all. Gabriel actually felt bad for the poor bastard.
Gabriel nudged him gently towards the bed. "Then I tell you what I do like. You tell me what you like, too."
Loving that little huff, Gabriel pet Molly's ears. "Want your ball thrown again, hm? Do you want me or Daddy to throw the ball?"
Dean laughed huskily, adding lube to his erection before he added some extra to Castiel's entrance. "My proper Professor... I'm always going to remember you saying that." Biting his lower lip, he pressed the head of his cock to his entrance.
Winking at his husband, Dean got to work. By now, he knew what sold and what didn't, and he moved easily for the camera.
“The third time a couple took her, but she only lasted about a month with them. They brought her back claiming she was too afraid of everything and constantly needed to be with someone.”
Pulling back a bit, Dean nodded as he stared into Castiel's eyes. "You know that I love the hell out of you, right, Cas? You're perfect." He kissed him, briefly, then hurried to get his keys, wallet, and phone.
"I'll carry him back," Dean told his brother before going to heft Gabriel over his shoulder in a fireman's carry.
They kissed for a few more minutes before Sam pulled away. Looking a little self-conscious, he glanced around his room. "Well, it's not much, but it's home."
Grabbing a bottle of his favorite bourbon, Gabriel grabbed two glasses as well before going back into the kitchen.
"Samshine." Gabriel relaxed at his voice, finally finding him. "You okay?"He reached towards him with his good hand.
"Cas..." Hugging his boyfriend close, Dean gently rubbed his back. "I am sorry that I scared you, baby. I love you, but I will always do my best to come home to you."
Sam lifted his head and studied Gabe’s face intently. For the first time in days, his eyes were clear and focused. “Gabe?”
"Sammich!" Bouncing into the room, Gabriel moved to steal a kiss. "I want you to show me Palo Alto."
Cuddling him for a moment, Gabriel carefully moved his brother to sit next to him on the free couch. He still held him, knowing that Castiel definitely needed it if he was asking for it. "Do you want to talk about it, love?"
Dean was entirely too amused at his little brother, and given that Sam hadn't teased him about the kiss, decided to have mercy as he turned his attention to Cas.
Sam gently shooed the nurses aside as he sidled up to Gabe. “Baby, I’m moving you to your bed,” he murmured, slipping his arms under Gabe. “Dean and Cas left to find lunch for us.”
She wrapped her arms around him, hugging her friend tight. “I hope so.” She never wanted to feel that helpless again.
Finally, Cas laughed. “Jack always wants pizza for dinner. Does that mean the spaghetti has been canceled?”
Meg squealed with excitement, racing into her car. A moment later, she was slipping on a gorgeous pair of diamond earrings.
Charlie grinned in appreciation and grabbed a few more bags. "I got everything on your list, Gabe, and a few extras. And I found all the multivitamins and prenatal vitamins for Sam."
"Whoa?" Dean teased him, kissing his jaw. "I love that I still make you say that after this morning."
"Just keep up with the reassurance, and I am sure that it will work out. Now, is there anything that I can do for the wedding?" Dean asked, hoping to cheer him up.
Breathing deeply, Cas moved his lips to Dean’s neck and began imitating the kisses Dean had given him moments before.
"Well, I have a lot done on it. I will be working on it over the holidays, but..." Dean grinned, sipping his beer. "It's probably my favorite piece that I've done."
"Tell me what you want, Sam. I want to hear you say it." Gabriel's eyes were deep amber as he watched them in the mirror.
Sam’s back arched and he grabbed at Gabe’s shoulders. “Gabe… Gabe Wait...” he cupped Gabe’s face in his hands.
"What do you need, Samshine?" Gabriel traced a chocolate-covered finger over Sam's mouth, then nipped at the full curve. "Tell me."
“I miss him.” His eyes filled with tears again. “Mommy says you can’t visit heaven, but that’s not fair.”
"Yeah... you too, Cas." Dean headed out to the truck, hating everything about the day so far.it wasn't long and he was knocking on Hannah's door, Remy at his side.
"Good boy. Now... You're going to get on your hands and knees in the middle of the bed, Ass up, and then I am going to lick your delicious ass open." He wondered how far Sam would get in the book before he was too distracted. "And you, my good boy... are going to read Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone aloud while I do so."
“I’ve made it this far without that money. I can finish it.” He mirrored Michael's cold sneer. “Besides, when I marry Gabriel, none of that will matter.”
"Now, Sam... it's okay to cry. Fuck knows that you have been through enough." And the sight of tears in Sam's gorgeous eyes made him want to avenge him. Probably not healthy.
"Sure." Dean kissed him, then headed for the door. He'd been dying to drive his Baby, and this worked. Plus, he wanted to spoil Castiel and Sammy... the only problem being that he wanted Castiel in his Baby.
Once they were both sated and breathless, they collapsed into the blanket Gabe had set out for them. Sam wrapped himself around Gabe and nuzzled his hair. “Gabe...”
"You going to bend me over and blister my ass, Samshine?" All right, it was needy, but he fucking loved having his ass spanked.
Sam cried out at the feel of the chocolatier’s teeth on his skin. “Good… you make me crazy too... you’re so fucking hot.”
Fucking himself back on Castiel’s cock, Dean let himself fly in that floating feeling that centered around Castiel and what he was doing to him. He knew it wasn’t going to take long- he was so pent up from everything.
“Dork!” Finally, they reached the fire department. Sam parked and turned off the engine. “Let’s go find him.”
Gabriel's brow furrowed, and he pressed a hand to his brother, confused by the tears in her eyes. Meg grabbed the world by the balls. She didn't show things like that…
Dean pushed his own pants down a bit, then rocked his cock against Castiel's. "Fuck, Cas... you feel like..."
Reaching his room, Dean set his wine on his nightstand before pulling off his shirt. "Mind watching in here? Most of my movies are three." He pointed to the shelf.
Gabriel smiled, watching as the pair exchanged their rings. It was painfully sweet, and he wiped a tear from his face, glancing at Sam.
"I haven't begun to spoil you yet, Samshine. You'll see that when you get here." Winking at him, Gabriel sipped his wine.
"I think... you should take me to our room, Samshine..." Gabriel nibbled at his lower lip, "And let me dress you in a suit..."
"That's the part that I'm not worried about." Gabriel grinned at the thought of Sam. Thankfully, he knew that the wedding was already set up- they just had to show up.
"I know that Cassie adores him, too. Novaks apparently pair well with Winchesters." Gabriel smiled, pressing a kiss to Sam's hand.
Stunned, Cas disconnected the call. How was it so loud and quiet at the same time? The room swam a bit. He needed Lucky.
"His anxiety is going to be in the air. He's gone through a lot, which you know. It's going to be a lot of reassuring him, Sam." And he couldn't really blame the man, considering.
"It's a double date with our brothers. I know you have to go back soon, and Cas and I want to make sure that you have some time with Dean." Gabriel explained, toying with Sam's hair.
"You can touch me any time that you want. I'll tell you otherwise, all right?" Gabriel licked his lips, kissing the corner of Sam's mouth.
"What?" Gabriel tilted his head, grabbing his drink and sipping it. "It's nothing." Shit, his man was too observant.
His lip gave a bit of a throb, but Gabriel ignored it, concentrating on kissing Sam instead. Him laughing was nearly a balm to his soul.
All right, so Gabriel'd have teased his little brother, but he couldn't bring himself to do it to Sam, not when he was so self-conscious. "That's mine. I want to be able to work in my shop when I feel like it, but then spend time doing whatever I want with my family."
"Ahh..." Gabriel nodded, calming as he moved over to Sam. "That's expected. This is actually the day we thought Zep would come when we first did our estimates. How long has the pain been going on?"
"I'm not blushing," Clearing his throat, Dean shook his head. Definitely not, and he wasn't thinking about Castiel like that when he'd just had three pups.
He came back to his spot to find it undisturbed. Remy went to the small sleeping bag and laid down with his tail wagging.
Charlie wrinkled her nose a little, "You work a ton already.  Sam and I are definitely ‘ugh’ about Stanford being so far away."
"Sounds great to me." Remy nudged at his thigh, and he scratched his ears. "How's Sully doing? Back to normal?"
Ah, thankful that Sam was willing to talk to his brother, Gabriel looked at Cas. "So how has today been?"
"How does that feel, sweeting?" He asked softly, moving on to put Castiel's on him. "There you go, Cas. Nice and soft." Standing, he moved to put their shoes by his next to the door.
"...Sure... I can..." Not throw up while creating that. Blinking, Dean headed to put the monstrosity together. Hey, if Cas wanted it, and was going to eat it, he'd make it for him.
Feeling a bit more confident, Sam pulled back and sucked on the head for a moment. Then he took Gabe into his mouth again, moving his hands to grasp Gabe’s ass.
Finally, after what felt like an eternity, an older brunette woman with a sharp expression walked into the private waiting room. “Family of Sam Winchester?”
"Rem, bring him over to the table so we can eat- what do you want to drink, Cas?" Dean grinned, watching as Remy took Castiel's sleeve gently in his mouth and tugged him.
Pulling back, Gabriel licked his lips as he looked at Sam. "No. Never have." He pressed a kiss to the head of Sam's cock, then moved to lick at his balls.
Gabriel's hands were like magic, and he gasped, grabbing at his shoulders. “Oh, just like that. Keep touching me, Gabe. I need it.”
"Not a bit... I missed Sam the moment his lips left mine." Gabriel sighed, shaking his head a bit. "Should we go and get something shiny for your man?"
"That might work- and you don't have to get just one." Goosebumps broke out across Gabriel's skin at Sam's touch, and he bit his lower lip.
"Cas..." Dean bit his lower lip, staring at his boyfriend. His heart was racing, and his breath caught as he waited to see what he would do.
"He'll help with dinner, his time is mine now." Bobby set down three large albums in front of Castiel.
Dean nodded, heading for Mark's office. He was there before he knew what he was going to say, but raised his hand to knock sharply on the door anyway.
“...It’s indescribable. I used to not be able to imagine my future. Now I can’t imagine my future without you.” There was no other way to put it. The love between them...
The doctor cleared his throat, letting his little brother pull him from the room. "I'm sorry, Cassie. I just... I was certain that..." He trailed off, looking at his brother. "Well. How are you feeling? How are your hands?"
"I do." He sighed, hugging him back as he started to relax. "So damn much." Stepping back, he shook his head. "We're going to head downstairs. We'll be back and check on you later."
“What’s the stuff we can’t replace, De? Mom’s pictures, our birth certificates and socials... what if you went through the window?”
The older man looked a little worried. Maybe he had said too much. “Only if you want it, of course...”
Cas climbed into the front seat, letting Dean help him. He wouldn’t admit it but he was getting tired.
"Good, Sammy, good- now take a breath and come back at me, push through the contraction," Gabriel told him.
"And Dean, you know damn well I'm plenty sweet." Reaching out, she cupped Dean's face, looking him in the eye. "How are you doing? Really?"
“I’m almost done.” Castiel had nearly cleared his plate, to everyone’s relief. “This was delicious, Gabe. And my stomach is fine. No nausea.”
How had he gotten lucky enough for this man to love him? To want him? Gabriel didn't know but fuck if he cared. "Love how you react for me, Sam. So fucking perfect and needy..."
"Yeah, it's a different view than from a car." Rubbing the back of his neck, Dean fidgeted. "Want to see the statue I'm making? It's for a big law firm... Lady Justice."
"Yeah, he was here a bunch when you were..." In a coma. Gabriel hadn't ever expected to meet him like that, but the gruff man had pulled him into a hug.
Sighing, Gabriel kissed his hair as he pressed the call bell. He rubbed his hand gently, his brown eyes sad as he watched him. "I told Cassie you'd do that- Sammy, you don't have to be strong like that, sweetness. We'll get you taken care of so you're in less pain, okay?"
All of the students around Dean seemed to sit up a little straighter and lean in as Cas began to speak.
"Dean's a damn good man." Putting the brush down, Gabriel hugged Sam from behind. "I promise that neither of you will have to worry about that again."
May win to worth in others’ eyes, to wisdom in his own." He was a bit theatrical as he recited it, but he couldn't resist, wanting to see Sam smile.
“I’d love to try some. We’ve also been working on building up my appetite. It’s been nearly nonexistent for the last year or so.”
"That's from when they were younger," Bobby told him, opening the album. "That's his newborn picture." He smiled, thinking of the sweet little boy. He'd been damn near bald, but cute as hell.
"Nope, he's good to go with whatever he wants." He grinned, tickling his little girl. "She's so perfect."
"I am yours, Sam- always." Gabriel nipped his jaw, letting go of Sam's sac to stroke his own cock in time with Sam's. "Can't wait for you to be my husband."
Lighting fast, Sam grabbed the cloth and wet it, adding Gabe’s body wash. Then he began rubbing the cloth over his man.
"Love you, Cas- I... please, I need you." He gasped at the nip of Castiel's teeth, his hands sliding up his back. It took only a bit of wiggling for him to wrap his legs around Castiel's trim hips.
"Of course. Today was..." Gabriel shook his head, trying to ignore the nagging headache. He felt hungover as all hell, but he was pushing through it for his family.
A little surprised, she finally nodded. “Okay. From what I understand, Sam was mugged. But if he was, it’s one of the worst muggings I have ever seen. There were two attackers, possibly three.”
"Like this?" Adjusting just a little, Dean gently stroked his fingers through Castiel's hair. "Love you, Cas."
"Yes, they are. Chopin wasn't eating to start with." He shook his head, resolving to get them back on their normal diet.
Sam kissed him, but when it ended he said, “He also offered me and Dean five million to walk away from You and Cas. I told him to fuck himself.”
"Well... if you'd like that, I can..." Dean bit his lower lip, then tilted his head. "Sammy said that testing is coming up. How much longer until you guys are on break? I know little to nothing about how those work with college."
"I'm glad. I was a bit worried you'd hate this." Now that Sam was snuggling with him... it was perfect.
Gabriel shook his head, "It isn't because I am lonely, Sam, though what I feel for you is filling a place I didn't know that I needed to be filled. I am going to be with you, sex or no sex." Gabriel smoothed Sam's hair gently.
Desperate to help, Sam looked at Elias and smiled, showing him the tiny baby in his arms. "Elias, look. Look at the baby."
Focusing on the paddle, Dean nodded. “Please, Sir? I want it.” Maybe he’d worry about it later. Right now he’d beg for it.
"I know. It makes me incredibly happy. I just hope that you're as happy as I am." He hugged him softly.
“I know… I’m going to take care of him.” Cas reluctantly let Gabe go. “And I promised him copious amounts of alcohol after the installation.”
"I love you, and I don't see the spoiling stopping any time soon. Besides, you spoiled me first." He turned, stealing a kiss from him.
Gasping into Castiel's mouth, Dean pulled him closer. "Cas... love, that's... whatever you want. I'm yours, you know that."
Sam held Gabe’s hand tight and let out a relieved breath once they grabbed Sam’s bags. Sam slung them over his shoulder and grabbed Gabe’s hand again. “Let’s get out of here.”
Cas slipped his hand into Dean’s. “Gabe would probably tell me to get a snack. Maybe some strawberries?”
"Well, goal achieved. You don't have to worry about that." Patting Sam's shoulder, Gabriel smiled at him, despite his immediate belief that it wasn't a good idea. Now he knew what his heated skin felt like through the fabric, the muscle... "So when is your brother coming?"
“Doesn’t matter.” Sam climbed into the bed after kicking off his pants. “Do you know how many times I dreamed of this?”
Cas immediately moved to grasp the pole so the iv didn’t pull at Gabe’s tender skin. He followed his brothers back to the bed.
"I'm glad." Smiling a little, the Marine let his fingers stroke through Castiel's soft hair. It was so calm in moments like this, he actually felt at peace.
to make him more." Gabriel looked over at him. "I want you." The remark was almost offhand as he kissed him back.
Dean leaned over, kissing his hair. It was harder to be mad at them, knowing about Luke's wife. He couldn't fucking imagine that...
"Hm? What's hm, gorgeous?" Hanging the towels up on the warmer, Gabriel glanced at Sam over his shoulder, unable to see what he was looking at.
Emma blushed a bit, looking at Issy. If Claire, the angel was right, then this was their forever home. She just hoped that she was.
It was all Cas could manage, but he hoped it would be enough. He loved this man more than he could express.
Castiel had thought about this quite a lot, especially with Dean getting ready to go back to work. “I want him. His job worries me, but he seems to love it.”
"Uh-huh, I don't see any reason to be any taller," Gabriel informed his brother, nibbling on a strawberry.
"There. Perfect. Just need enough space for Dean." Gabriel kissed his jaw, snuggling both Sam and Castiel.
Dean slipped his arms around his mate, kissing his hair. "Okay. I'm sorry." Taking a breath, he let him go.
Entering the barn, Dean looked up at his boyfriend. "Heya, Cas." He hung up his phone, seeing as there was no need.
"Nonsense?" The other eyebrow joined the first, and he shook his head. "Is that how you feel about it?"
"What color? I will have to buy some for home and for school." Gabriel toyed with his hair for a moment
When Dean came back with the blankets, Cas waited until he laid one on the ground. Then he sat down on the edge, smiling broadly. “Thanks...”
"How are you feeling, Cassie? Is there anything that you want to change about your care?" The doctor finally managed to ask after a moment. "I will be glad to answer any questions that I can. I am an excellent phone a friend."
"That sounds about right," Sam agreed, his eyes widening as he looked at his options. "Whoa." He fumbled for his phone. "Hold on a moment, Alfie. My big brother is helping me make this decision, too."
"Dr. Novak, I think that we should wait for Dr. Arshad, who will be in shortly to look you both over."
"Mm... Do I know him? Or is this because the dogs got the ring dirty?" He teased with a smirk, as they walked.
Gabe took the time during the trip to wake up, so when they reached Charlie's townhouse, he was alert and ready to work.
"Do you, Castiel Novak take Dean Winchester to be your lawfully wedded husband?" The preacher intoned.
Cas smiled shakily at Dean, pleasure still shooting through him. “I never thought it could feel that good....”
Still, he'd been putting some extra hours in at work... The Candy Shop was doing even better than it had been before the fire.
"We're going into stage two," Gabriel told them, running a soothing hand over Anna's side."You can do this, sweetheart. We got Jezzy through this."
“His plan is to stay a week with Sam, then if you are amenable, he will drive the Impala back here to you.”
Moving his hands to Sam's hips, Gabriel smirked innocently up at his lover. Well... not so innocently. Honestly, he wasn't even in the slightest bit ashamed. "I'll behave. We never did get our swim in last night." And he was making Sam's skinny dipping fantasy come to life.
“Well...not yet. But we can talk about it later.” He ushered them down the hall, to the small room at the end. “Emma, this is your room.” He turned the light on to reveal a full-size bed, dresser, a small writing desk, and a closet. “You have a bathroom as well.”
He made up his own plate then sat with Sam, cuddling into him. "So you going with Samshine this morning, Dean?"
Gabriel nodded, biting his lower lip as he went over what was in the fridge. "I like the idea of us ordering a bunch of stuff and sharing... if that's all right."
"Baby, please- I want... I need you... inside." Gabriel begged as Sam's thumb stroked the head of his cock. "Don't want to come yet."
His orgasm rushed through him, and Dean arched into Castiel moments later, gripping Castiel's shoulders. He couldn't hold back his shout of pleasure.
"I'm glad. He texted us, actually, and explained that they're flying out tonight and you two were driving." Michael took the plate that Dean handed him and started opening the boxes so they could just grab what they wanted.
Fuck, he was gorgeous. That sound went straight to Gabriel cock, and he rolled his hips, his cock sliding to nudge at Sam's balls. Perfect.
Dean's face flamed, and he turned to look at Castiel. "I am sorry, Cas. I won't do that. I know that you don't..."
"Of course we've got our boys. We wouldn't leave them." Gabriel assured him. "Go ahead and spoil our newest girl."
"Mm. Maybe not right now. I promised to feed my lover." Gabriel kissed his jaw, smiling as Sam's fingers ran through his hair.
"I definitely agree- I want our kids to all to have their own unique names. I also don't want something where their name gets called, and five other kids in their classes answer to it." Dean made a face, then paused, "I forgot my pie." He'd been so distracted by his mate and pup- who was now covered in pie and whipped cream- that he hadn't grabbed his plate.
Gabriel frowned. He knew that Sam didn't like it there, but there was something in Sam's tone... "Why is that, love?"
"Of course- anything that you want."Turning a bit to look at Sam, Gabriel grinned. "Actually, I would love to make candy with you. One of those domestic things we discussed."
"So... you sleep with your brother?"  Turning to Sam, Gabriel raised a brow at him, a smirk dancing on his lips. "Just asking, because Cassie and I did it fairly frequently, when able." Hell, he was like his son, and if he wanted to sleep in the same bed, he didn't care. Cuddling didn't have to be sexual.
“I see. We don’t do that here because we have indoor plumbing.” He explained the process as best as he could while he helped Jack into the tub.
"Really? Cas, if you're sure. You don't have to move, but..." Gabriel trailed off, looking over at Sam.
Gabriel had said something about us just saying with him for a while..." He kissed his temple softly. "He said there was an apartment over the garage you could have."
"Go ahead and use whatever you want, Gorgeous. Breakfast will be ready when you are." Gabriel winked, turning to head downstairs.
A smile curved Cas’s lips as he began to relax and enjoy himself. Dean was loving this, he was sure. He spread his fingers experimentally.
Cas laid his head on Dean’s shoulder and took the water Gabe pushed into his hands. “Hello, Charlie...”
"Maybe. I really want to be a lawyer." Sam grabbed his things and began sticking them in his backpack.
Dean smoothed his hair gently. "I know that it's a lot. I... it's just we're glad that you're awake."
Working together, they had the area mucked and laid with fresh hay in no time. Cas showed Dean where to put the shovels, then they went out to the pasture to begin rounding up Cas’s other horses.
Honestly, this wasn't how Dean had imagined his night ending- but if this was how Sammy wanted to do it, he would do it. Still, Castiel and Gabriel were a whole other class of people, clearly. Still, he parked the car, feeling more than a little uncomfortable. Hell, it would be the fancy guy who broke his- thought stopped as a young man about Sammy's age came outside. Holy fuck.
Charlie reached back and grasped his arm, gently tugging him along. “I’m not paying for it, but you’re going to have one. For my sanity as well as Cas’s.”
Moaning, Gabriel shifted against Sam a bit. He couldn't help how sensitive his neck was- it was his weak spot.
Turning on the television, Gabriel found something that his brother was sure to enjoy. Normally he'd tease him and watch something that he preferred just to bug his little brother, but after everything, he figured that Castiel had earned it.
"I guess we'll deserve their revenge," Smiling a little, Dean slipped his arms around Castiel. "My sweet husband..."
"Soon this will be you!" Clapping his brother on the back, Gabriel grinned. "Let's go stop your man from eating pie before it's time."
"It's a scholarship- you need to fill out the form, write the essay and what not, but I'm sure that you can do it. The Milton Foundation is specifically looking for students like you." And he would make damn sure that Sam got it. He deserved it, as did his brother. It would pay for his schooling, supplies, and give a bit extra for help.
Keep going 'til you hit the spot, whoa " He sang with the lyrics, not having heard the bell. All right, so his dancing wasn't exactly appropriate, but the shop was empty and this was his song.
Dean took a step towards the door when he heard something. His hands were steady as he reached for his gun at his waist.
Nodding, he poured a generous amount of lube into his palm. He warmed it quickly before running a finger lightly over Dean’s hole.
"'ove you, Dada." Elias smiled at him, then kissed his cheek as well before shoving the monkey in his face. "Monkey!" He tried to do the monkey sounds his uncle had done the night before.
Gabriel took a moment, then straightened his shoulders. "No time for that right now, Meggy. I'm a Daddy, and I need to get to my girl." Fuck, his voice broke. "Get a wheelchair or we're discharging me now."
"Oh, nah. I'm going to be busy with this welding project, anyway." Dean shrugged, grabbing his notebook, then flipped to a sketch, showing it to Sam. The Lady Justice was elegant and lovely, blindfolded with her scales held even and aloft and her sword in her hand at her side.
The three dogs crowded around him, licking at the dark-haired man's face as their tails wagged like crazy.
With his brothers and mate present, Castiel relaxed considerably and sucked on his ice. As they watched Doctor Sexy, his contractions slowly came closer together. After a particularly painful one, Castiel looked at Dean. "I want you to deliver them," he panted, squeezing Dean's hand. "Garth will be there...but I want you to do it."
Gabriel moved his hand out of the way, giving Sam a look as he leaned back against him. "I'm all yours, too. My tattoo looks all nice. I'm doing sit-ups to keep myself busy." And they wouldn't let him bake, damn it. or make candy.
"Cassie, we're going to go and get you and Dean a change of clothing. The doctor said that you wouldn't have to stay too late tomorrow." Gabriel told him quietly, watching the pair. "We're not leaving yet, though."
Anna was there in a moment, and Dean swore. "What the hell, Anna? Did you get away from Benny?" Dean pulled Castiel tighter against his chest.
Finally clean, Gabriel pulled Sam into a kiss. "I love you so damn much..." he nipped at his lower lip, slipping his hand down to stroke Sam's cock.
"Can you take your pants off? And your shirt?" Dean nuzzled along his neck, then sucked a spot. He would leave a mark, but fuck if he cared. "Mm…"
Two of the omegas did not look at him, and the third, Sam, raised his head very slightly before immediately sitting down next to Castiel. Castiel held his arm out and let the younger man curl against him.
"Perfect. Take your time." Kissing him, Gabriel allowed himself to lick away the chocolate before he began to clean up his plates. Yoga and meditation. Weed. He'd behave while Sam worked, and after... hopefully, he'd be able to make him come again. Ugh. Bad, seriously. He needed to settle himself.
“I think it’s… it’s hot. So hot. I know that’s not a very articulate way of describing it, but that’s how I feel.”
Cas was still learning, but it seemed Dean liked just about everything he did. So he squeezed Dean’s ass as he sucked.
Motioning for Sam to get into the car, Gabriel adjusted his seat belt as he watched them. "I'm going to start driving home."
"I'll take James with me up to my room for now," Charlie told them, snuggling the little girl to her. “Tempe can come with me too.” The pup tended not to leave the baby at all when both of her Daddies were busy.
"Good... I was rougher than before." Dean turned his head, pressing a kiss to Castiel's wrist. "I love you, Cas."
Sitting down on the couch, Dean pulled Castiel into his lap with a quick flex of his muscles. "Mmm... me too, gorgeous."
"All right, love, if you insist." Gabriel laughed softly, then undid the tie, rubbing Sam's arms and wrists.
Raising a brow at Sam, Gabriel smirked. "You can ask Castiel what I do when I'm excited, or stressed, or bored- I cook. I bake. I invent new candies. You ask, I'll make you anything you want, any time."
Dean moaned, biting his lower lip. "They're sensitive, Sir." Another pinch of his fingers had his dick chubbing up, not that he was surprised, not with Cas watching him like that.
Dean climbed out, moving to get Jack out as well. The drive had taken forever- he was sure in part because they'd worried about being followed.
Gabriel made a soft, contented sound at Sam's soft strokes. "Mmm... gorgeous, and I get you to play with my hair. Seems like heaven."
Gabriel hugged her back, grinning at his brother. "See? I told you I'd win her over eventually." It'd taken a while, but eh.
Jude slept through the car ride home, much to Castiel's amusement. She only began to stir as Dean pulled into the driveway.
"Oh. That does sound like a lot." Her brow furrowed a little, and she tilted her head. "How are they gonna do that with the baby?"
Gabriel wrapped his still slick fingers around Sam's cock, stroking. "Aw, fuck, Sam. You feel so good."
Pleased, Cas shifted in Dean’s lap until he was straddling the other man. Then, slowly, he began rubbing against Dean’s cock.
"...Yes. I agree." Though he'd been planning everything, wanting it to be perfect. "Samshine? Can you talk to Dean about making sure to watch Cas while I'm gone? I'm just... I worry about him. I'll keep Cas here, talk about something like the wedding to keep him busy."
"We're going." Gabriel patted his brother, turning him towards the stairs. "You go get dressed, I'm telling Sam we're going out and getting my man dressed up."
"Mmhmm..." Dean laughed softly, kissing his hair. "That rumble that you have for a voice- it's sexy as hell." Patting his back, Dean added whipped cream to his pie before putting the ice cream away.
"I just want to take this relationship as far as he will let me. I mean, I could see us long term," Gabriel explained with a nervous look.
“Shh...” Sam hugged him tighter. “Cas is in the waiting room. When you’re ready, I’ll tell them to bring him in.”
He nodded, snagging her bag from the belt. "I remember my boys at that age. They're still hard-headed now, but it's not as bad." Reaching out, he took her hand in his own. They'd talked about this so often... and now it was real.
Sam nodded and climbed into bed with Cas, eagerly snuggling into him. Cas pulled the larger omega close and held him tight.
"Your touch is very intense." Pushing himself up, he kissed Castiel's jaw. He knew that he had only improved the position, and wanted to show off a bit.
"Hey, you're both learning to live. It's going to be all right." Smiling a little, Dean worked the tension from Castiel's back.
A delicious aroma and soft laughter greeted him. Cas was on the couch with lucky and he heard Dean come in. “Dean. Dinner is almost done.”
"Call 911, Sam! Now!" Gabriel slid in next to his brother, feeling the blood soak through his pants just that quickly.
"I love you too, Cas." Dean shot him a grin, brushing his lips over his stubble. He couldn't help it, he loved the feeling of it against his skin. "Now.... tell me about my beautiful penis?"
Gabriel swallowed hard, then nodded. "Call me, okay? If anything happens." He moved over to the bed. "Hey, Cassie... I am gonna go get some rest. I love you, and if you need anything, let Dean-o know."
“She’s so good.” Cas leaned into Dean for a moment. Then they followed the volunteer to the cat section of the shelter. Cas kept Rosie beside him, constantly reassuring her in his soothing voice.
"Of course, kiddo." Gabriel kissed his hair, moving to get Jack his slice of cake. "Here you go. You want your chocolate milk?"
"Dean-o, did I mention that I love you? Seriously. That's... I didn't know that you baked!" And he still had to make the wedding cake for tomorrow! Gabriel tensed a bit, then looked at Sam. "What kind of
Sam picked up their bags and wrapped an arm around his boyfriend's shoulders, walking out of the store with him. "That was amazing…"
"Every night?" Dean felt something hopeful in his chest as he watched the tender look on Castiel's face. He gently stroked his thumb along the inside of his wrist, feeling the soft skin.
Sam pulled his brother into a hard hug, tears springing to his eyes as he realized quite all that had gone on to put this ring on his finger.
The car roared out of the driveway and down the road. The normally thirty-minute drive took fifteen. Gabriel parked the car, turning it off quickly. "Let's go, Cassie."
Pleasure shot through Gabriel and he didn't even try not to groan at the feeling of Sam's teeth- "Sam..."
Jack paled at the thought, shaking his head. "I'm going to eat and walk home." Anywhere else but there.
"Hi, gorgeous." Fuck, he wanted to kiss him. That was probably rushing it, though, and he didn't want to make Sam uncomfortable.
"Jeez, guys, really? You almost burned me." Rolling his eyes, Dean moved to get the buns ready for the burgers.
"Considering it's how I most often look at you..." The professor trailed off, biting his lower lip before he slipped a hand into Sam's hair, wanting to pull him down into a kiss.
He tried not to think too hard about it and continued on, stepping in closer. “I mean, I don’t give a shit if you’re gay or not, you seem like a cool dude, and if you really want these guys to get off your back, maybe we could fuck with them for a bit.”
Dean scoffs. “Oh you mean because you thought you’d never have to actually deal with the consequences of your actions? Dick move, Cas.”
Jack clearly knows exactly what the answer is, but he only tells them just enough to get them on the right track. “It works better this way,” he assures them. “And you could use the distraction.” He confirms that the band was indeed in the Empty, and that that is not standard protocol for ghosts. A new Death has yet to be assigned but any reaper would be able to tell them what they need to know. “Do NOT,” he warns them, looking squarely at Dean, “attempt to contact the reapers the way you normally do, I beg you.”
“I know that’s how it worked under Chuck,” Sam concedes judiciously. “But as you just pointed out, he’s not God anymore, Jack is. And as he’s proven time and time again, Jack is much more worthy of the title, and he loves you too much to do something that cruel to you just because it makes a better story.”
Carrie’s steel-cold grimace is positively murderous. “Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t realize you had a monopoly on my dad’s schedule.”
You could say that. Actually… he could just say that. Seriously, what’s stopping him anymore? Dad’s long dead, Bobby and Mom are gone, not that he thinks they’d care exactly—and, well, it is technically relevant to the case.
Jack thinks for a second before lighting up. “I can’t bring him here, but maybe I can bring you to him!”
“Hey,” he whispers, placing a hand on his cheek. “I’m doing this, Cas. Let me do this for you.” He’s not sure which one of them moves in first, but it hardly matters. The press of Cas’s lips against his is the only thought occupying his mind as decades of fear and self-hatred melt away. Dean should have done this years ago. But it’s okay, because he has forever. He reluctantly pulls away from Cas and faces their son. “Alright, let’s do this.”
time Cas died, Dean more or less tried to join him until Death herself had to step in. He understands why Sam’s worried, and he appreciates it, however annoying it is. But this time, he knows he has to carry this pain with him, because the very fucking least Cas deserves is for his sacrifice not to be in vain. He thought that acknowledging the truth would destroy him, but it turns out that right now it’s the only thing keeping him alive besides Sam. Cas loved him. And he loved him back. Still does.
“Carrie!” Julie’s dismay is plain on her face before schooling it into a tight smile. “I didn’t know you’d be here.”
“Sweetheart, maybe you should sit down.” Carrie primly sits on one of the armchairs then looks at him expectantly. Trevor clears his throat awkwardly and looks to Julie, who nods encouragingly. “I want to introduce you to Julie’s band.”
Julie has been trying to keep up with this conversation with increasing distress. “I’m sorry, who did what?”
Dean shuts that down quickly. “Alright, quit yapping and get over here, maybe I’ll give you a little demo.”
“Are you kidding me right now?! Dad didn’t like me, he needed me. You were his pride and joy, the smart one, the one who got to run away to California and get out of the life—”
“Yeah kid, I’m sure,” he says, taking him in for the last time. He pulls the boy in for a long-overdue hug. “Thanks for everything.”
“Probably. But hey, maybe not; on the bright side, they’ll certainly have more control over when they appear.”
“Are you aware that all three of them—Alex Mercer, Luke Patterson, Reggie Peters—were pronounced dead in 1995?”
“You’re welcome,” he bows obnoxiously. His work here is done. “Now can we change the channel to something a little less Lifetime? There’s only so much slumber party talk I can stomach in one day.”
“Can’t we just… I mean I got a second chance here. I have a band that rocks, an adorable maybe-boyfriend, and I can teleport. What if we just didn’t question it and let it go?”
Sam clears his throat awkwardly. “Well, if you could just let him know that we miss him and we’re glad he’s out of there…”
, he can almost hear Marie emphatically whining. Damn it, how is that musical still bothering him a month later? Besides, can it even be considered subtext if Chuck’s prophesying things as they happen? Wouldn’t that just make it—
” continues to echo throughout the entirety of Cas’s vessel, the most explicit statement of Dean’s affections so far in their relationship. Perhaps in another version of their story that wouldn’t be enough, needing to hear the words ‘I love you’ to fully comprehend what Dean’s saying (and maybe in that version Dean would really say it). But Dean is rarely so direct with his emotions. The way he said it, it was as if it was in the same line of thought as saying Cas is family. As if Dean doesn’t need him the way he sometimes needs Crowley, or borax, or time, but the way he needs Sam or the approval of his father. Cas isn’t just something he’d prefer to have around as an advantage but a personal need.
“Nevermind.” He looks over at Sammy, who’s mostly got things under control. “We’re gonna figure this out, okay?”
“Good.” Dean takes the angel back into his arms—no more time to waste. “In that case I’m gonna kiss you again, while I still can.”
Only when he sees the wetness of Cas’s face does he register his own tears. He laughs, and then Cas laughs, and when they kiss, it’s complicated by the fact that they can’t seem to stop smiling.
“Well shit… I’m glad you got there eventually, congrats, man! Although gotta say, you guys aren’t really the best at laying low. I mean, honestly, how long did you expect to do this before someone recognized you?”
“I… I don’t know anything about that,” she hedges. “I just play with them. Also aren’t they like 17? We weren’t even born yet.”
Sam and Dean share a look; she’s not gonna like this answer. “They become like every other ghost. And we have to treat them like every other ghost.”
Alex shook his head in disbelief but he was smiling, and when he looked back into Dean’s eyes, Dean knew that for better or worse, he was bringing a boy home that night.
“Yep, head reaper, collector of souls, fourth horse…person of the apocalypse. What do you say, Rose, you want the gig? Go big or go home, right?”
“No,” Reggie says in an attempt to comfort him. “You’d go to the Empty, remember? You’re already dead.”
the one who brought up ghosts, she looks sharply to her left then back at Dean in confusion. “He’s your what??”
“What’d I just say?” Dean snaps fondly, muffled by Cas’s shoulder. “I’m getting there just, give me a minute.” They continue their silent embrace until Dean is sure about what he wants to say. He pulls back to face Cas but doesn’t remove his arms from the angel’s waist. “First of all, thank you. For saving me. Granted, I did get myself killed almost immediately after saving the world, but that’s life I guess.” Cas moves his lips as if to speak but thinks better of it. “Second of all, fuck you for dumping all that on me and then just casually fucking off to an eternity in super hell. Don’t you ever pull something like that again.”
It’s another sign of a different type of progress that he can follow this line of thinking without his throat seizing up or the memory of John Winchester sneering at him. Cas loved him. He knew that already, of course; Cas is his family. But he knows it in a different way now, like a longstanding knot finally massaged away and releasing with it all the agony of doubt. Cas loved him
Dean’s currently kicking himself that he didn’t push him on it, instead moving on with their conversation. Caleb certainly sounds like enough of a theater kid to want to be purple, and Dean doesn’t like the implication that he’s powered up enough to do so. If he’s even a demon.
While it’s adorable watching Alex react to and paraphrase everything Willie says, the skater can only tell them so much. He has vague recollections of a reaper but nothing like the Empty. He’s been dead since the 80s and under Caleb’s thumb for about as long; Caleb keeps them all lucid and content but they are obligated to do his bidding. He has yet to hear of a ghost in the area who hasn’t been either eliminated by hunters or taken in by Caleb. Apparently the magician’s also taken a page from the crossroad demon playbook, trading ‘lifers’ the chance to party like it’s 1929 until it’s their turn to join his ghost crew. He hasn’t been seen for a few days but Willie’s not exactly keen to stick around long enough to find out how pissed Caleb is about losing his new minions.
Cas looks up at him then, finally, and his brow is furrowed, bottom lip pulled in a little and he shakes his head like Dean couldn’t possibly understand, like he’s explaining poetry to fish. “It never counts.” He wanders into the bathroom, as if on a whim, and sits on the toilet seat.
Sam rolls his eyes but he’s smiling and there’s no room for anything but pride in his chest. “Yeah, Dean’s pretty great.”
He gets Cas over to the patch of grass overgrown with weeds next to their motel and he does, indeed, vomit. It’s a short affair, though, not too bad. It can’t be fun for Cas, but Dean gets to run his hand along the former angel’s spine and shoulders, let his fingers dip over the nape of his neck as he murmurs, “All right, buddy. There ya go. You’re all right.”
“Yeah, well, it turns out there’s a difference between knowing something and actually being told it. I am sorry for how I treated you. I didn’t do right by you, and there’s a bunch of reasons I could give that explain why, but you already know all that, and it doesn’t make it better. You didn’t deserve the shit I put you through, and if I could take it back I would. But I’m proud of you Jack, I hope you know that.”
“Oh yeah, forgot about them, though without Billie they might be off-duty. Violet? Jessica? You around here somewhere?”
“Sometimes.” He’s got to hand it to her, she’s tougher to crack than he thought. Dean pushes the issue a bit.
This case has gone so far out the window that Dean’s starting to forget why they’re even present for this.
“Not necessarily,” Rose chimes in, having returned from her errand. “It’s not exactly common for reapers to appear before the living, but it’s not unheard of. We can still drop in if circumstance demands it.”
“Billie,” Sam pipes in. “Or—no, Betty—actually, we’re not sure who’s Death now, come to think of it.”
“Actually, we’re the Phantoms now,” Reggie clarifies. “Y’know, since your dad sold us out and stole all our songs and now we play with Julie.”
“Yeah,” Flynn concurs. “One time they completely stood Julie up at a gig and she couldn’t even call to yell at them.”
”—he adds with a glare in Dean’s direction—"was thank you for trusting us even when you clearly had no reason to.”
“Right?! Who does that?” Julien goes right back into telling the story, completely unfazed by the fact they were just swapping spit two seconds ago. Dean nods along and smiles at what he assumes are the right points but his brain is already into overdrive processing his first kiss with a boy, and how not disgusted he was by the feeling, demonstration notwithstanding. When they part as it starts to get dark, Julien off to his house and Dean to the motel, a small part of him wonders what he would do if Julien tried to kiss him goodnight. He shuts that part down quick and puts up his hood, walking the opposite direction.
The bizarre sensation snaps him out of the kiss and he pulls back abruptly, rubbing his mouth along the sleeve of his jacket. “Dude, what the fuck?”
“Us too, Jack.” Sam pulls him into a hug. “Come back anytime. We’d love to see you, and not just when something’s wrong.”
“So get this,” Sam prattles on, moving on to a YouTube video he has pulled up. “This girl in California is going viral for her state-of-the-art hologram band.” He presses play and Dean sees some high schooler playing piano by herself in what he’s pretty sure is just her driveway. “No one can figure out how she does it, I mean the graphics are phenomenal and the interactions between her and the band are seamless.”
There are times when Dean feels like he’s on a precipice above a cold, deep ocean and any moment someone is going to come up behind him and push him over. He can’t jump voluntarily and never wanted to, but some days it feels inevitable that the water will eventually swallow him whole and he’ll never get back to shore. It’s remarkably similar to the burbling undercurrent of rage the Mark of Cain has given him, but in the opposite direction. One is the uncontrollable urge to kill; the other is the undeniable pull towards… letting himself want something else. Either one would surely be the end of him.
“Well,” Sam cuts in apologetically. “Usually I’d agree with you but in this particular case, telling the truth now would do no one any favors.”
Dean’s throat emits an ugly noise. “Why the fuck do you think Sam? He finally came to his senses.” He knew it was too fucking good to be true.
The brothers share a wordless look. “Listen, Julie,” he stops, remembering they have company. “Fellas, in our experience, ghosts only end up one way, and that’s stark raving mad. Some take longer than others to crack, and you guys seem particularly with it, but eventually all ghosts get so obsessed with whatever’s keeping them here that they lose all control and people like Sam and I have to help them along. With force.”
Okay, Dean could salvage this, move this towards a more normal conversation. “Oh well, at least you rocked a killer set, so the night wasn’t a total wash.”
Cas huffs something that shows just how much he believes that act. The next second, he’s sitting up and pulling away.
Dean bursts into a bright bubble of laughter at that. He kisses Cas again, swift and hard and sure. “Yeah, buddy. I’ll even make you some coffee, too.”
Dean and the apparent “Cas” exchange a smile that implies they have a secret before Cas nods. “Yes,” he says, still smiling at Dean. “We got the Doggie DNA.”
Jessica takes the time to wander over and find out a little more information. Miracle is lethargic, only tipping her eyes up to watch Jessica which is certainly out of the usual from what they see.
Maybe Dean’s whole life has just been a series of missed chances, one after another, with the biggest, most important one laid out before him. Some part of him, some deep twist at the base of his stomach, knows that this isn’t like any of the times before. Isn’t even like the time with Lucifer at the lake. Because Cas is really gone (like that time) but something sure and certain and crippling inside Dean is whispering that he’s not coming back. You don’t come back when God personally kills you.
“Of course,” Cas answers. While Claire is facing him, he thumbs away the errant pat of peanut butter on her face. She squirms at that and then wiggles down from her father’s lap. Dean can hear her fading voice debating on which window would be better.
(Dean is driving the next morning, Jack hitching shotgun, when the kid pipes up that he had taken a picture of Dean and Cas the night before. The road is slow enough that he asks to see it there. It’s of the kiss, but not at all of the kiss. It’s of the moment of the kiss, but Jack has only managed to get their hands in the frame, the treeline and the early evening sky faded toward dark. Dean can still remember the soft stroke of Cas’s fingers catching on his, the inexorable pull toward the angel. He has to clear his throat before he can say, “That’s a real good one,” to Jack. Jack beams from it.)
It’s the fifth time that Sam catches Dean smiling absently down at his beer that he finally has enough. He clears his throat unnecessarily and then ventures, “You and Claire sure hit it off.”
Cas waits a moment and then, once it’s clear that Dean isn’t going to say more, asks. “What got you angry?”
“Usually, yeah. Didn’t know he had a single father till, like, six months in.” All right, maybe that was a little too pointed, but Sam knew his brother, repression and all, too well.
“Cas is gone,” Dean gasps out. “He’s gone, he’s really gone.” And he pitches forward, shaking. His fingers bite into Sam’s shoulders so hard he’s sure there will be bruises and all Sam can do is cradle his brother to his chest.
Cas is still looking down, at their hands. His fingers flex minutely and Dean can feel every brush of skin on skin. “I… I meant it. I wanted - Dean. You were going to die. And I… I wasn’t sure what would be left of me. I’m still not. Without you.” Cas sighs and he won’t look Dean in the eye, even when Dean crouches and tips his chin to try and catch his sight-line.
Dean trails into the bathroom after him and, with stuttering fingers, cleans out the ragged cut along Cas’s palm. He rustles for the first aid kit and dresses the gash with all the care he would give a critical gunshot wound. He talks as he works, ambling on about Crowley and Kevin and Sam. Nothing substantial, just idle stories and tossed out insults. The whole time Cas is silent. He doesn’t even flinch when Dean pokes a little too hard or pulls the bandage a little too tightly. Dean doesn’t realize he’s finished until he’s already been holding Cas’s hand in his for a few seconds, not doing anything else.
“It’s not that she doesn’t have an appetite,” Sam cuts in, calmer, putting a hand to his brother’s shoulder. “She always starts out eating. You know, takes a few bites. But then she spits it out, or starts whining. It’s been, maybe, three days.”
“It’s gonna be fine,” he chants back to himself, under his breath but not quiet enough, apparently, because Jo and Sam both roll their eyes.
“But the first thing I noticed,” Amanda sighs into her cosmopolitan, “is that she wouldn’t leave Dean’s side. It was so adorable.”
“I’ll bet you have,” Dean says. He wiggles away a little, sitting up further and reaching across the bed, across Cas. Back in focus, Dean holds a glass of water in front of Cas who is suddenly parched.
“Yeah, well.” Dean reaches up and this time doesn’t stop his hand. It nudges against Cas's chin, brushing against the scruff there.
The imprint of Cas’s wings burnt into the ground bare a handprint, high on the left, where Dean levels himself up off the ground.
Shaking, he gets to the lube again and gets his fingers coated and then into Cas. Most of the times before it had been Dean open on Castiel’s fingers, (except for that first time, after the failed excursion to the brothel in Maine, and then the time in Cicero, in the garage) but now, now, with Castiel spread and twitching beneath him.
“When I rebuilt you, Dean,” Cas says, with the attitude of a spouse who has already explained this, several times, and is annoyed that they're being asked about it again.
He opens his eyes and smiles at Dean. Reaching, he laces their fingers together and cocks his head. “Hello, Dean,” he says, like he’s said a hundred, a thousand, times before and Dean can’t breathe. A cloud moves and the sun is brighter. Dean can feel it on his bare skin, he can see the shadows it makes over Cas’s cheeks. “I love you,” Cas says quietly. Dean’s never seen him so easy, so calm, so...at peace.
, but only when Cas was this edifice, this towering metonymy for all of Heaven and divine fate, things untouchable.
"Do you think," Cas starts, turning toward Dean. His sentence trails when their eyes meet, when he becomes aware, too, of how close their faces are. The point of his nose is brushing the well of Dean's cheek. Dean has spent more minutes than he'd like to admit considering the point of Cas's nose.
Sam is looking at him like maybe he’s insane. Dean expected him to just know about bees and their seasonal habits or whatever, like he always seems to just know things. Either way, Dean is pretty sure that bees aren’t supposed to be around in the winter.
“Hey, she’s got good taste.” Dean is right over Sam’s shoulder then, grinning into the screen as Cas’s connection tilts again, showing the man once more. “I watch his stuff when I can’t sleep. Something about his voice puts me right out.”
Sam grins because that’s fucking adorable and Castiel tilts his computer screen. There’s a blur as the connection lags and then they can see Claire curled up on a child-sized bean-bag chair just behind Castiel. She has some kind of stuffed cat in one arm, a snack bar of some kind clutched in the other hand, and her eyes are locked on the television screen where the one and only Bob Ross is listing off all the paint colors he’ll be using that episode.
Dean laughs. He lifts a hand toward Cas’s temple but then catches himself, stops. Cas finds himself disappointed – the pressure of Dean's palm would have soothed the steady, deep ache in his head, he thinks. Or, maybe, he just wants Dean to touch him.
When they arrived back at the motel (after washing the graveyard dirt and bone ash out of their hair), Dean peers out the window, across the parking lot to the lows-lung bar there. It looked to be middling between a dive-joint and a commercialized-chain. Actually, the buzzing neon and polished wood facade reminded Dean a little bit of Lee's place. He swallows past that bubble of hurt though, and points across the way. "Celebratory drinks?" he suggests.
“I...need a shower,” he grits out. And he shoves away from Cas and pushes into the bathroom, closing the door with inordinate care.
Dr. Meyer’s notes indicated a normal preliminary check-up — Miracle seemed to be in good general health and wasn’t pregnant. He took some blood, did some tests, and within another twenty minutes, Dean was at the front desk again, making a follow-up appointment for immunizations and to find out whether or not Miracle still needed to get spayed.
All he really knows is that he stays up too late texting Cas and one of the first things he does when he wakes up is text back. Cas has been added to his daily round of idle wondering: How’s Jo doing with her mom? Does Bobby need anything? Is Sammy driving himself insane? What would help Cas and Claire?
In the next minute Amanda has the exam room set and ushers Dean in with Miracle. Sam elects to stay in the lobby and watches his brother go. Once the door closes behind them, Sam turns to the counter and Jessica behind it.
It must have been more than just seconds, though, because when Dean comes back to his sight, Jack is on the ground too, his head on Cas’s chest. All curled up on the corpse of his father.
“Congratulations on making it through another shift.” There’s an emoji of a happy face blowing a party horn as well and it’s stupid, it’s so stupid, but it makes Dean smile at his phone for another full minute.
“I don’t wanna bring your morning down,” Dean says. “Just...accidentally tuned into some press conference and got angry at all the…” He can feel it, again, the strange anger. Something in it feels wrong, close to ego, close to selfishness, and it cuts Dean’s voice off in his chest.
Dean laughs and hoists Cas a little higher. Which proves to be a mistake because it makes the hand on his waist drop a little lower and now it’s cupped around the bell of his hip. “Yeah, I think you got that right.”
Dean shakes his head. “You know how this works. We deal with it, like we always have. We’ll find him. I’m not worried about that.” Cas still looks forlorn, eyes down as he passed one hand over the other. Dean brings his hands down, over the canvas of the trench coat sleeves, and cups Cas’s hands in his own. “Cas, man…” He closes his eyes. “Before. At the cemetery. You said-”
Sam and Cas really do have to get together to get things finalized on their grant. It’s just that they probably could have gotten everything done with just the chat feature on the google doc. They didn’t strictly need to be on a video chat as they hashed things out, but Sam could hear Dean just waking up and he is a Good Little Brother so he makes some excuse about human connection and it being easier to talk things out. Cas obliges without much fuss, luckily. A minute later and Sam has half his screen taken up by the document, the other half full of Castiel’s focused expression. In the background, Sam can hear the cheery music of some television show.
- how it felt to know that if you say it, if you acknowledge it, your whole world will fall apart and you’ll be useless. I can’t go there. But they need to know, so they can make a plan.
“You should tell him that, Cas,” Sam says and Dean can’t see it but he knows Sam’s smile is eating shit.
Dean clears his throat, shuffles on his bed a little. “Do you wanna watch another episode?” he asks, mumbling a little and waking his computer up with one hand.
This wouldn’t be the first time, is the thing. They’ve done this before, after that thing in Maine and then just before Stull, and once when he was with Lisa and then not again until Purgatory and -- It’s been a handful of times or so, enough for it to be a
okay! this one took awhile because i just...kept adding things. i'm not terribly pleased with it but it felt like it needed to be put out into the world.
