“Y-Yeah,” Steve stuttered and shakily stood. He strode over to the pool then dove in.
Steve kissed him again with one hand on the back of Tony’s neck and the other grabbing his hip to draw him closer. They were skin to skin, but it didn’t feel like enough. He wanted more,
After the events of the last month, Steve had requested a small affair with only family invited. His idea of a small affair was just a cake, Tony’s idea of a small affair however was a little more extreme.
Tony was not joking when he said he had been walking around in his armor. He must have been talking to Steve through the comm link in his helmet. Tony always put those he loved first before himself. Steve knew with the chips in Tony's arm he could control the armor without saying a word. He probably ordered the armor on Pepper before the missile hit.
Steve slowed to a stop in the middle of the path. With a bewildered expression he hissed, “
Tony sighed, “Alright, but
For a moment, Tony thought the AI was going to disobey him. Its gaze slowly spanned over all of them and it said nothing more in rebuttal. However, it finally turned its head to the side and the projection returned.
“N-no,” Steve gasped. He lost his ability to breathe properly as Tony’s fingers crawled over his crotch. He bit down on his lip and threw back his head. Steve gasped, “Pants are too tight…”
Peter walked up to the door shaking his head but paused before it. He quickly slipped off his glasses, shoving them in his pocket. He ran his hands through his hair and adjusted his shirt. He stood up straighter and then knocked on the door.
When he did not answer her, Steve imploringly whispered,
The couple tried to be a part of their son’s school experience the best they could. Every morning they woke up early, had breakfast with the rest of the Avengers, made Peter lunch, and then took one of Tony’s more discreet cars to the Parkers. From there, Ben drove Peter to the local kindergarten. SHIELD had doctored Peter’s records so the school thought the deceased Mary and Richard Parker were Peter’s parents and his aunt and uncle were now his guardians.
Did he expect Steve to deny him again?
Steve followed him, intending to get fully dressed himself. He changed into sturdy clothes, expecting another day of hard work. Tony dressed into the lightweight clothing he usually wore under the Iron Man armor, expecting much of the same.
Eddie sat at the metal table rocking back and forth as he stared at the agent in front of him. Under his skin, he could feel Venom moving and making their bond stronger with every passing second.
He whispered to Tony, “How are you? My snap didn’t completely heal you?”
smell like?”
And Venom squirmed against his skin.
, if we’re lucky,” Coulson stated.
He had kept it there as a reminder of his strength.
Steve could still become Hydra’s tool.
They pulled away from each other slowly but their hands only tightened on each other as if fearing the other would pull totally away.
“Then I will simply remind you that you’ll risk his life if you approach him. Stay away from him and he will be safe,” Cable stated.
Neither of them moved until Tony whispered, “It was more than just a kiss.”
Cable took the notebook and flipped through the pages. He murmured, “And what about it?”
hurted,” Peter gasped and was instantly on the verge of tears.
Cap was leaning against the bedpost with a smirk. He teased, “Army regulations.”
“Nothing drastic?” Tony reiterated.
He closed his eyes and the events of the day filtered quickly through his head.
“Then let’s see how scrambled we can make that brain of yours,” Peter breathlessly teased, wounding his arms around Wade’s head and dragging him down again. When Wade’s mouth met Peter’s, Peter groaned into his mouth as filthily as possible. Wade all but collapsed onto him and returned the kiss with a mad fervor.
Tony watched his father with wide eyes as he circled him. He was so young and this eyes were alive and dancing. That haunted look was gone. What had caused it? Could Tony find a way to…
Steve stepped closer to Tony and further from the agent on the couch as he stated, “I won’t go to enemy hands. New York is my home. I’m not leaving it.”
The last time Tony had been there was for maybe ten minutes after his press conference upon his return to the States and his escape from the Ten Rings…He hadn’t even gone to his office after revealing he was Iron Man to the press.
“I’ve got a nuke coming in and I know just where to put it.”
But then they were cockblocked.
“That’s not healthy,” Steve replied with a frown. “You should get some sleep right now…Peter and I can go.”
He looked up to find the team looking at him with various expressions ranging from shock to horror.
Tony shook his head and whispered, “Neither of us can change our fate. The dreamworld is currently much, much more preferable to the cave I’m currently stuck in…and we are squandering our valuable time away talking about things we can’t change.”
“So –
…And with the DNA evidence…he was going to lose.
The tower did not stop shaking the minutes it took Steve and Tony to get ready. As Steve was changing into his uniform he was talking to the rest of the Avengers over his communicator and SHIELD as well.
“Or maybe we’ll both be reborn and this time we will actually find each other in the real world,” Steve whispered.
Yes, he liked this very much….
It was titled, “The Victims on all Sides” and would become the image to represent the marginalized problem of mental health in the United States. To the masses, it represented a sadly recurring theme in the country that needed attention, but to Steve it epitomized the worst day of his life.
“Don’t
He got dressed into some loose clothes and then took a detour to the living room.
Jim scoffed and Monty’s scowl deepened while Jacques ran to get Howard his light.
Steve had slept maybe a few hours in the room the night prior but the exhaustions of the long week were finally pushing him to sleep long and deeply tonight. He had one final meeting with the Commandos and then bid them good night as the midnight watch came onto their shifts.
Just Steve and Tony, the way they were always meant to be.
Tony moans behind tightly shut lips, and his voice already sounds broken. He’s exquisite, lying back on the sheets, his arms spread out on either side, wrists tied securely with a length of rope that disappears under the bed. His legs are open wide and held that way by the regular restraints, although adjusted in length, attached to the bedframe’s legs.
Steve sucks and licks and bites his way down Tony slowly. His hands spread across the bare olive-toned skin, memorizing the planes and scars that make up the topography of Tony’s warm body.
It’s gone dry, for the most part, and he smears lubricant over it and his hands again. He shushes Tony when he starts whimpering as he realizes what’s about to happen.
It should be boring, he thinks, considering their almost glacial pace. But there’s something just … absolutely thrilling at discovering Tony’s most intimate places and reactions. The revelation that Tony is here for him fills Steve with an almost unbearable affection as he peppers his face with reverent kisses.
“Peter – the kid, the kid! God, Steve, I lost Peter.” He sobs.
Tony’s shriek lights fire in his blood, and Steve’s heart pounds in his ears. The music in the background floats through his mind, curling against his emotions until he wants to weep with longing and affection.
“Yes, Tony.” God, he won’t ever get tired of saying his name. “You’re on Earth now. You’re safe.”
Tony has spent most of his life surrounded by people who were only paid to care about him. And while some of them probably did – Jarvis, Pepper, Happy, to name a few that he knows of – doing more of the same now won’t help his mental state.
He’s supposed to be better than this. But how could he have been better without Tony?
Steve.”
“You promised,” Steve says, quietly. Clearly. “You said you wouldn’t leave me. You
But when Tony’s bleary eyes finally open, he is quiet. Silent like grief, like defeat, like death, he lies on the bed and stares into empty air.
Tony came back to him.
“No, we certainly have not.”
“No!” The roar makes Tony jump, but he can’t find it in himself to feel sorry for it. “You were going to leave, weren’t you?” he hisses. “Admit it, Tony. You’ve been making escape plans every since the hospital,
if he isn’t near Tony now, but he rests their foreheads together. Breathing heavily, whispering apologies and
Steve comes on him, over his abdomen and chest, and Tony’s cock is straining and red, the cock ring keeping him from reaching his release.
The chair creaks, and pale golden sunshine catches in Tony’s hair. His brown eyes are dark and wild with arousal, lips parted as Steve burns away his thoughts and doubts.
, Tony. You don’t…” He flails for an answer, before he forces the calm to take over and he smiles. He crouches in front of Tony, says, “Tony, you’re confused.
“I’m here,” he murmurs against the shell of his ear. His free hand cups Tony’s face and strokes his cheek gently in time with the hand on his cock. “I’m here, Tony, and I won’t leave you.”
Three years since Tony was gone, and the world is on fire.
There are bruises on Tony’s wrists and ankles.
“Tony,” Steve tries again, gently. It has been three years, after all, and the doctors warn him that, depending on whatever happened while he was away, Tony might never really recover. “Do you know who I am?”
Almost playfully, he squirts some of the contents over Tony’s cock, listening to the sharp inhale as Steve’s hand helps spread the lubricant over his sensitive flesh. He caresses Tony’s balls gently as well, and the liquid slips down to his rim.
Steve sighs. “Oh, Tony. And where, exactly, would you go?”
Tony lies on the bed, weak, still, and Steve props him up against the headboard. They’re home now, and it’s so much better than the hospital, although they’ve got a medical team on call at all hours just in case.
“You came back for me,” Steve breathes, and decides that it must be true. No other answer will suffice. He stares down at Tony, and a new kind of fervor lights his blood on fire as he runs his hands over Tony’s bruised and aching body. “You came back for me.”
“I’m sorry, Tony. I know how hard this is–”
. Even if it’s not true anymore – and maybe it never was – he thought he had for three years, and Christ, Tony’s moan shoots straight down. “I’m sorry I didn’t protect you. I’m sorry I failed, I – Thanos had you. He
A strangled sound escapes Tony as Steve carefully fondles his cock. It fits neatly into the palm of his hand, and he gently strokes up and down. His legs jerk, as if trying once again to snap shut, but the restraints keep him well in place.
“I need you, Tony,” escapes him, the sinner’s confession to his priest. “I need you. Never leave me again, I can’t – I
It’s a curious thing, to be rejected. It’s a curious thing to have been so kind and giving and loving, then thrown away. It burns into a dark cloud, thunder and lightning as Steve stands in front of Tony, looking down at him.
None of this is Tony’s fault, and something about the thought urges Steve to kiss his sweaty brow and whisper, “I’m so sorry.”
Tony’s eyes have that familiar glazed look when Steve unties the blindfold. The gag comes off, too, and so do the ties and the vibrator. The drugs keep Tony from moving too much, and he simply lies back on the table, too exhausted to move or cover himself in some way.
“Not friends with benefits?” She clarified.
Steve scrambled back and Tony pushed himself up to the regular sitting position.
“One would think you were enjoying it,” Bucky teased.
Steve grinned and lightly pecked him on the lips.
“Sleep well, son?”
“Even if you lived in the other side of the world, I would have heard at least a whisper of you. You took this thing apart like it was a baby’s four-piece puzzle. My top assistants would need twice the time that you did and they’ve taken them apart before! You have skill. How do I not know of you?”
Sam turned to look back at them and observed, “But, they’re good together.”
Tony could not leave his side because he knew as soon as he did Steve would martyr himself and Tony could not lose him…even if it meant maybe losing Peter.
Steve stiffened and leaned closer, while stepping nearer to the alcove wall to hide himself better. His heart began to race as he considered their words…What history were they talking about?
Steve did not give the Goblin a chance to finish the statement and launched himself at the monster. He did pause to consider the facts. He did not wonder if it was really the Goblin behind Peter and his other departed children’s experimentations. He heard the monster admit to it and it insistently called Peter
Steve nodded in satisfaction and then changed the subject as he pulled up photos Bucky took during the mission.
“Great…” Bruce sighed and Tony grinned for the first time in days.
Steve’s heart palpitated painfully as he looked between the two.
Steve pushed Tony back against the counter and drew out his hips over the edge so they could remain connected. He held up his ass with his hands and kneaded it through his jeans. Steve thrust his hips flush against Tony’s and elicited a moan from him.
Seems like we have a superfamily in the making... what could possibly prevent it?
“Peter. It’s Peter,” Steve assured him.
“No!” Peter stated, “Everything has been relatively peaceful! I have no idea why Wade would bring you here! He’s risking the future!
Tony’s expression crumbled and he embraced Steve tightly. He sarcastically wept, “It’s ironic that the time traveler can’t seem to find enough time?” Tony buried his head in the space between Steve’s neck and shoulder and then wetly whispered, “I would have gladly spent the rest of my life with you…”
“How many Unca’s do I have?” Peter asked curiously.
Reporters surged at the barriers the police set up and officers were on them immediately, preventing them from getting past. They were yelling out questions but he could not hear them over the clangor of the protestors. They all started to scream obscenities and other hateful words at Steve. Some even directed their hate toward Tony. Steve blocked them out the best he could and looked down to Tony for encouragement. Tony was tense but he smiled warmly at him and whispered, “Let’s go.”
. He sucks long and hard on scarred flesh, sinking his teeth in until it darkens red, then purple. The ropes keep Tony still as he writhes, biting back his moans.
“I was so lost.”
“I love you so much,” he murmurs, his voice coming out lower than usual, hoarser. His hand rises up to gently cup Tony’s flushed face, and takes a moment to kiss him more gently than he has so far. Whispers against his mouth, “I’ll show you.”
"You're my Alpha, and I'm your Omega," he leans back down touching their foreheads together before finishing with a growl, "and right now, I really want you to fuck my brains out."
He tends to be very careful with Tony, not like he thinks Tony is breakable exactly, but more like he is aware of the disparity in the durability of them, which is not unreasonable, really. But more than that, Steve is always mindful of Tony’s pleasure, of making Tony feel wanted and desire, of never saying or doing anything that might make Tony feel below him in any way, and Tony...well, he assumed that was because that was the way
Collaborator Name: Romancebyfaye
’ he asks? You, you silly thing.”
Title: Size Him Up, Take Him Down
Tony is completely at a loss for words for several long minutes, moaning and shuddering and just listening to the filth that's pouring uninhibited from Steve's mouth. It's not like Steve never curses or gives a little dirty talk in bed, it's just not
Tony feels scorching around Steve’s finger when he finally pushes all the way in, the tightening of muscle giving way but still clenching down around him. Almost in sympathy, Steve feels an answering clench of his own, knowing how good being touched like this can be.
He comes again, sometime later, sobbing and shivering, with Steve's fingers and tongue shoved in his sore hole, playing him like a virtuoso.
Square Filled: R2 "Protection"
So, Tony's suspicion was confirmed; Steve was definitely a bit drunk. He chuckled. "Well I'm glad you boys had a good time."
“Tony, sweetheart, I’ve got you,” Steve rambles, stretching his fingers wide again just to watch the way Tony spreads around them.  “I’ll take care of you, I'll always take care of you.” It's hard to tear himself away, to slip his fingers from Tony’s welcoming heat, but his own need is roaring in the back of his skull at the reality of these past weeks' fantasy brought to life before his eyes.
Pinned underneath Steve as he is, Tony can’t hide the shiver that goes down his spine when Steve growls, “What was that you were saying about Thor's hammer?”
“You gonna pop a knot for me, Alpha?” Steve purrs, all omega satisfaction. “Am I fucking you so good you're gonna give me that pretty knot? Huh?”
And then Tony sparks like tinder catching, Steve holding all of his weight, cradling him against his body where he can feel every heave of breath. Growling in his ear like a dirty fantasy Tony never knew he wanted.
And then, he finds he has more to give, when Steve groans like he's dying and licks right into Tony's sloppy hole.
Tony moans as the toy moves deep and slow into him. The alpha rolls his hips in a smooth counterpoint rhythm, heady little gasps escaping every time the slick phallus disappears inside, the base of the toy bottoming out, followed by Tony rocking forward on his braced hands, arms flexing, before he rolls his hips back to meet the next thrust.
Time stretches and warps around him as Steve lowers him to the bed. He feels Steve leave the clench of his body, but there's very little discomfort.
Steve is straddled across Tony's lap. He presses yet another kiss to Tony's mouth, nipping and sucking at his lover's bottom lip and enjoying the way it makes the alpha rumble. He ruts against him, feeling the way Tony's cock slides against his own. Callused hands skate down Steve's massive chest, teasing and rubbing over his peaked nipples before tracing down the hard flex of his abs on their way to wrap around his cock.
When someone makes the grave mistake of yanking his head back with brutal fingers to show his bruised and bleeding face to the camera broadcasting their lover to them, his hands bound behind him with biting handcuffs that are slowly leaking blood to the concrete floor his chair is bolted to. When they are forced to watch him cry and scream as he is slapped and beaten and electrocuted all for information he would rather die than give.
“That's what I thought,” Steve said, voice low and deep, his hands continuing to explore. “Fuck Tony, you make me crazy.”
But tonight, tonight was the culmination of something they had been working up to for a while.
The lights in the bathroom went out as they moved across the room, leaving only the soft glow of the bedroom lighting.
Tony swallows, managing a pretty convincing, “Nothing, dear.”
Even in the low light, Steve could see the color climbing into Tony’s face. It made something in him preen, and suddenly he wanted Tony naked and under him. He wanted to see him arch and pant like he had only witnessed that night in secret. It was only the work of a few seconds to untie the sash and push the slippery robe to the floor. Tony moaned when Steve lifted him effortlessly, placing him on the bed and stepping back. He quickly slipped out of his own clothes, tossing them aside carelessly before climbing on the bed and nestling between Tony's legs, bracing himself on his arms over Tony before nipping and licking his way into his mouth.
And then one position has Tony's ass in the air and his chest on the mat, and Steve remembers how Tony had rolled his hips, welcoming that toy into his body again and again, and he wonders if Tony would present for him like this even though he's an alpha.
Collaborator Name: Romancebyfaye
"Yeah," Steve answered. "We ordered food and watched some movies. And then broke into Thor's mead."
"What's wrong, sweetheart?" Steve asks, curious. There's no way Tony is suddenly worried about his own size in comparison.
Hell, he needs a little privacy himself, to be honest.
And this time, his alpha won't need a substitute to pleasure him.
Much later, satisfied and happy, Steve kisses Tony goodnight and wraps him in his arms, enjoying how well the alpha's smaller frame fits to his, and it never occurs to him that he entirely missed the point.
“So that charity thing I had a few weeks ago. You remember?”
Steve is fast. He's superhuman, so it really goes without saying, but it doesn't change the fact that it's never been something Tony needed to calculate in the bedroom. That's why it catches him completely off-guard when, between one heartbeat and the next, he goes from leaning back in the bed against his nice comfy wedge pillow, to being draped over it in its new position, ass in the air and Steve behind him, pressing him down into the mattress with his bulk.
Steve, in turn, is staring at his hand as if he’s never seen it before, eyes wide and jaw agape. As Tony watches, Steve looks back and forth from his hand to the place where Tony is sure there's an imprint of it right on the plump flesh of his cheek.
Ship/Main Pairing: Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
“Fine, but I can’t walk after that glorious pounding you just gave me. I think my legs have the stability of jello right now.”
Ship/Main Pairing: Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
"Oh!" Steve said, realizing now what Tony meant. He feels his forehead crease and hopes he doesn't look like an idiot. He knows Tony has dated all types of people, including all different mixes of first and second genders and people who identify different ways.
wants to try Tony on the bottom.
“You are so adorable,” Steve chuckles out as he scoots close enough that Tony is spread on both of the super soldiers laps. Tony wrinkled his nose and blows a raspberry instead of giving that a dignified answer.
For a moment, he's soft and gentle, pressing kisses into the curve of Tony's neck, and then his voice goes rough once again, demanding, and he bites into Tony's shoulder before hauling him back against his chest, one hand slipping under Tony's thigh, bracing his weight like it's nothing.
It's not violence when Sam slides in where Bucky just was, pushing release back into an open and leaking hole before he slides right in after. He moves slow, and it's not violence, even though he rakes blunt nails over a truly perfect rump, now red and nearly hot enough to fry an egg from Steve's attention, sending sparks of pleasure-pain straight to Tony's core. It's not violence, even though Tony cries and sobs as his plush ass is scritch scratched and his rim is touched and teased and massaged around the cock filling him while Natasha loosens rope enough for him to be flipped so she can ride his face.
“Shh, it’s okay. It’s okay, baby. Here, look at me,” Tony crooned, tangling their fingers together before he mirrored Steve’s earlier action and kissed his fingers.
" He emphasized the last bit very clearly, looking up at Steve with determination.
He smiles and leans down, kissing Tony softly, and reassuring him with, "That's very generous of you sweetheart, but I have topped before. I've helped out other omegas during heat a few times, both before and after the serum, and while I really enjoyed those times, I'm entirely satisfied with what we do.
Steve laughs, feeling like he’s just run a hundred miles, but also like he’s a little bit high. “What was that?” he whispers in Tony’s ear.
...It’s Teamwork
He's pretty sure he's having a religious experience.
And Tony does, because he may be embarrassed, but Steve and Bucky seem to love it when he gets overwhelmed like this, though it doesn't happen often, and Tony is flying so high right now, so bright and shining, like a star being born, and he wants to be good for his Doms, he wants to be so good…
Steve laughs again.
(See the end of the chapter for
Rating: Chapter 2 is Teen and Up
Tony has always been willing and open to trying whatever Steve wants in the bedroom, and he's certainly introduced Steve to some things he would never have thought about. Usually Tony is pretty straightforward when talking about sex, and though it had taken some getting used to, Steve appreciates the candor, since he is less experienced.
“Beautiful,” Bucky whispered in his ear, “I'm the luckiest son of a bitch alive, getting to hear you and touch you like this. C'mon doll, beg a bit more, tell us what ya need.”
Bucky pushed in again and Tony felt weightless, the fingers finally slipping almost easily as he began begging.
"Nothing," Tony answers quickly. "It's just...Do you ever think about-", Tony stops abruptly, flushing while he founders for a moment. "Would you want to try me on bottom?" he blurts out after a second.
It's not violence, not even when Clint takes his turn, being sure to light up the welts on Tony's back by pounding him with rough thrusts as he prepares to fill him up even more as Natasha cries out her pleasure from Tony's clever mouth and Clint’s fingers on her peaked nipples.
“Do that again, Buck,” Steve husked out. Bucky did, and Tony cries out again, the wet sounds of a filthy kiss right by his ear sending a shiver down his exposed nape.
For a few moments, Tony just sits there, saying nothing. Then he looks up, and Steve can see his eyes are wet, though not spilling over.
Both of them laugh at that and Tony knows he's smiling wide and unfettered. He takes bits of food straight from fingers, sipping when a cup is pressed to his lips. He is petted and praised, held and caressed with grounding strokes. Dark chocolate melts bittersweet on his tongue and he feels his words bubble back up.
Violence is not the word for what's left after the Avengers are finished. It’s not enough to encompass anything that happened when they finally reached the place their Tony had been taken.
to try topping. But just for the record, even if it didn’t interest me, I would never say it was wrong or disgusting. The fact that other people made you feel that way makes me...Well. Anyways. The point is, even though I know you never meant me to see you that night, it’s been all I could think about for the past few weeks. You were beautiful, and I would be honored to share that with you if you still want to.”
“No.”
Hope you enjoyed! Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated!
Steve is relieved to feel him relaxing against him, though Tony is still not looking at him.
He's becoming aware this is something much deeper than he had first thought. Sometimes, he stumbles across old wounds of Tony's, hurting him unwittingly, and his suspicion this is one of those times is confirmed by Tony's next words, which he delivers into Steve’s chest.
His attempt to calm doesn't work, and he feels how rigid the man in his arms goes before he pleads, "Steve, it's fine. Like you said, I'm the Alpha, and you're the Omega."
The omega blinks, slowing down the movement of his hips as he watches Tony lick his lips and glance down at where his hands circle Steve's cock. It's large, especially for an omega, and Tony is staring at it with a strange look on his face.
And it's certainly not violence when they kiss and pet him after, when they check every inch of his body for injury and carefully clean him. When they rub muscles and ease minor strains so they won't ache more than pleasantly tomorrow. It most definitely isn't violence when they each take turns holding him, touching him, feeding him pieces of chocolate and fruit and sips of water. When they whisper love and devotion and wonder as he floats back to them with shy looks and blushes only they are allowed to see.
That, of course, wasn't allowed.
During training, the arch of Tony's spine as he bends backwards under a kick from Nat makes Steve's eyes go half lidded.
Tony can't do anything but grip the arms holding him with all his strength. He's faintly certain he's making a non stop sound that is torn straight from his soul. But Steve isn't faring much better as his face is screwed up into a rictus of shocked pleasure. Behind him, he's not sure what Bucky looks like, as there is no way he can muster the needed strength to move even a centimeter,but his lover sounds nearly inhuman as he rocks Tony with his own body.
Tony shakes almost violently, sobbing as he scrambles to shut off the toy. When he succeeds, he collapsed forward like his strings had been cut.
And his body opens more, softening, and Steve marvels at the way it lets him in. He feels powerful and heady with desire, having to work for this acceptance of his flesh into Tony’s body, some kind of challenge he never knew to want before. A benediction and a prize. He wants it now. Well, he knew he wanted it, but
"Yeah Tony, you're so beautiful, letting me fuck you, letting me fill you up. Can you take one more, huh? Just one more, and then I'll let you come, ok? One more...just- fuck! Oh, fuck!"
His mouth goes over Tony's rim and he
And then Steve watches Tony's profile in glorious agony as Tony chokes out Steve's name again and comes while the toy fucks him at a brutal pace.
Card Number: 3092
But Steve won't let him fall, drunk or drugged or whatever, Steve won't ever let Tony fall.
Steve just...Steve just
Steve stands there, shocked, listening to the unfamiliar little high pitched whines as his brain rearranges itself and several new conclusions snap into place.
“Tony, you feel so good," he moans. "I wanna eat you out next time. Can I do that? Get you all wet that way? Maybe stuff you full of my slick and lick it out, too?” He pushes forward, all the way, until his hips press into the fullness of Tony’s ass. He just stays there, enraptured at how amazing this feels, how right.
“S-same here, dumpling,” Tony forced out. “You gonna do something to my ass besides squeeze it all night?”
Steve nudged the robe back further, slipping it down so he could kiss over Tony’s graceful neck, nip at his collarbones. He gripped it snugly as it slipped off the alpha’s shoulders, using it to trap Tony’s elbows by his side as he looked down at him, the arc reactor on full display, lighting up the way Tony’s eyes were wide and nervous.
"Oh yeah- I'm gonna hammer this ass into the mattress. And you? You're going to lay there and take it while I fill you up until I’m satisfied. You're always telling me I can go a few times if I need to, aren’t you? Always asking me to use your pretty little ass until I’m done, right? Well, tonight I think I need to, so you just be good and take it, alright? Think you can hold off? Let me fill you up a few times before you come?”
“Mmm,” Tony answers, opening for the kiss.
“Nope,” Tony gasped, “Not even a little.”
Violence is the best his kidnappers can pray for when his lovers see Tony spit red into the head thug’s face as he smiles through tears, snot, and blood, his voice wrecked but steady as he says, “You're so dead. You're all dead, every last one of you.”
dirty. He's so turned on it's a bit concerning, like he might blow just from Steve's very thorough fingerfucking and strangely praise filled dirty talk.Tony's hands grasp at the sheets and he feels a pillow in his grip. He drags it back to press his face into while he tries to grind his cock against the wedge beneath him.
And then he follows exactly none of that, and like an idiot blurts out over date night dinner, “I saw you the other night.”
“Please, please, I'm ready...
Blood and death and the smell of ozone and burning permeate all that was left of the base in the middle of nowhere where Tony had been taken.
Tony's flying, soaring, listening to every glorious, filthy word Steve is panting out between thrusts. His orgasm has been building through each one of Steve's, stacking like a jenga tower until there's only one conclusion left. Every muscle in his body feels like it tightens, his arms are reaching up and over his head, grasping and clawing at broad shoulders, tugging at damp, sweaty hair.
“Nuh uh, Tony,” Steve said. His voice gentle but filled with command as he abandoned his shared grip on Tony's hip to slide him back, forcing him to follow as Bucky leaned back as well, taking Tony's weight so damn easy, like he was insubstantial fluff, and that always did something to a part of Tony's brain.
(See the end of the chapter for
In this syrupy state, Tony can’t stop a giggle, snickering as he says, “An unfortunate word choice.”
With barely a pause, Steve starts right back up, and Tony can feel his own pleasure building, slowly, like the waves lapping up to the beach. He wonders how many times it will take before he will feel Steve’s come dripping out of him. The thought goes sticky and stretchy in his mind, like taffy being pulled on one of those weird machines. It rolls over and over on itself,
*****
Still, he's intrigued. Both of them have high sex drives, Steve even more so since the serum. It's not really rare for one or the other to discover and join in on a moment of solo sex.
Tony was propped up on the bed, his favorite foam wedge pillow behind his back, playing around with one of his newer ideas on his tablet when Steve came strolling in the bedroom and went straight for the shower.
Steve is certain this is not a show meant for him, no matter what has happened when walking in on each other masturbating before. He can't seem to convince his body to move away though.
"Oh please," Tony scoffed, looking back at his project, "Thor is everyone's type."
, his hands feel huge like this, roaming and touching while Tony lies ass up, draped just where Steve put him.
Rating: Chapter 2 is Teen and Up
"Did you want me to ride you?"
Steve's mouth goes dry.
Tony knows, it's not violence.
“I – well- I mean…pra-practice?” Steve stated dumbly. He blushed again as Tony’s eyes widened.
Steve insides bubbled happily as he came to a sudden realization.
He dropped his head so she could not see his expression but she remained unmoving.
Wade chuckled and nipped at Peter’s chin, chiding, “
“…H-How is he? What's he like?”
“I’m not hungry,” Tony mumbled into Steve’s chest.
“Steve! Are you alright?!”
“Alright, Stevie,” Bucky agreed but he never invited his friend on one of his dates again and neither commented on it.
“Why did you end our affair?” Steve spelled it out, his voice no more than a whisper.
“I’ll join you,” Natasha said as Pepper reached her side. Pepper paused as Natasha turned to Steve and said, “I’ll call you in the morning. You’ll probably have to go on half a dozen talk shows and be interviewed for just as many magazines and newspapers.”
“You sound like Pep, she’d like you if you weren’t all Patrick Swayze,” Tony stated and moved his fingers as if he was casting a spell in Steve’s direction.
Tendrils of black flesh were beginning to creep along Steve’s limbs and he cupped Peter’s face so his eyes were shielded on either side of his face. He could only look straight ahead at Steve and not see what was happening.
“I always wondered what you looked like under all that grime,” Steve replied and his flush stretched down from his face to his neck at his own boldness.
Reflecting, he realized he had and murmured, “I didn’t mean to…” He paused as he reassessed his dream.
He sat up in the foreign room and then pinched himself.
“When you were sleeping, I purchased you a bus ticket,” Father Michael stated. That made Steve open his eyes and look to the man in shock. The priest was grinning and said, “I even paid for it in cash and under the alias, ‘Michael Stark.’ I did it as a joke but seems were in the middle of an action movie right now so good thing I had fun with it!”
“Do you think that it’s not really her?” Tony gasped.
He saw Bucky openly compare Tony and Howard, looking between them for similarities. Steve purposely did not do so. But, as he looked at the two newcomers, he couldn’t help but note little things about Howard that he saw in Tony, like the way they each held their shoulders in the same confident manner and had the same dark brown hair. Otherwise, they seemed to be virtual strangers...But, would Howard notice anything?
It made Tony feel breathless.
Ben paled and Steve stopped breathing.
Tony felt partially responsible for what happened to Buck and the guilt was starting to fester. He needed to find him and free him from Hydra
“I know why you’re here,” Peter stated and both men froze.
“Fuck, yes,” Tony groaned and snapped open Steve’s pants. “Do you never wear underwear with your uniform?”
Peter spun around but the symbiote was not there. He glanced down at his hands and whispered, “Are we still one?”
“I am sorry, can you repeat that?”
“Daddy will be back to check in on you!” Howard retorted with a grin before dashing out of his tent. Tony sighed heavily and rubbed his face to help himself relax.
“Remembering my name is good,” the doctor replied. “And you still remember yours?”
“H-How could they be so vicious to me? I-I’m a person, just like them but they treated me like the s-scum on the bottom of their shoe!” Steve was still hyperventilating but Tony could hear him catching his breath and he nestled his face in Tony’s chest. Steve also had been trembling but that stopped almost as soon as he was in Tony’s arms.
,” his dad reminded him from the past. “
Sam’s eyebrows shot up and murmured, “You sure?”
“They totally did! I would have never been given the clearance to the Avengers medical unit unless they did not grant it!” Wade excitedly gasped.
“And you made her,” Steve replied proudly, no longer teasing, and Tony's chest puffed up under the praise.
– was for Steve.
Jarvis ran a quick diagnostic to double check the suit’s systems and then gave him the green light. Steve stepped up to them in the meantime and his gaze spanned the gathered group.
The helicarriers were in the air and he and Sam teamed together to get Natasha and Clint into the first helicarrier and then they split to get the other two with their respective partners in tow. Steve was secure in his grip and Coulson was latched tightly to Sam.
“Please, Steve, I can’t – I
Unshed tears gleam in Tony’s eyes, and Steve can only feed him patiently.
He remembers screaming.
He leans forward and licks the crumbs off Tony’s lip. He watches brown eyes widen, and when Tony’s jaw drops, Steve surges and licks into his mouth, tasting and nibbling and he’s so warm and soft. Pliant. Real.
Maybe he’ll do that now.
By the time his finger breaches Tony’s entrance again, there is no shriek or desperate struggle to get away from him. Tony’s eyes are still closed, and his body writhes as much as it can with the allowances given by his restraints, but his moans are soft now, and deep.
If it was anyone else, Steve might have believed it. But Tony is wily, and still not entirely convinced that he belongs here, even if he hasn’t said so since that first week after his escape, when he realized no one would believe such a thing.
When he takes the cock ring away and strokes Tony to his release, when Steve fills him with his own, and they lie together, gag undone, Steve holds him close. And for the first time since Thanos, since the ice, since the day his Ma died – feels complete.
“You won’t,” Steve tells him. “I won’t let you.” He falls on his knees, in between where Tony’s legs are spread open, tied as they are to the chair. He leans up and takes hold of Tony’s face. Looks into his eyes and drinks in his fear like a bitter salve. “I love you, and I wish I could hurt you or punish you, but
Steve removes his finger and he holds Tony’s face as he kisses his open mouth. “I’m sorry,” he chants. “I’m
And Steve
Even when it meant going against Steve.
Steve looks worriedly at him. “
He’s free to roam inside the house now, and after so many weeks, the progress makes Steve swell with pride and a bit of hope. The doctors said he might never improve, and certainly, he might never gain all of the lost weight back, but Tony’s mind is surely coming back to him.
, you belong here. Where else would you be?”
No, he’d only bought good things for Tony. The silken ties and rope, padded restraints, a small assortment of toys and gags, but not much else. He means to worship Tony in their moments, not domineer his body.
.” And now, he’s scrambling away from Steve as fast as he can. Steve’s heart breaks as he watches, but Tony’s mind is clearly addled by his experiences. “No, you have to believe me, I’m not from here!”
He takes Tony’s cock all the way down then, and sucks
But there are things in the universe that are immutable, and try as he might, Steve will always need Tony.
“Be still,” he says lowly and, from that angle, snaps another picture.
“The doctors think they can discharge you next week. Isn’t that great?” Undeterred by his silence, Steve feeds Tony another bite of hospital food. It isn’t good, but at least the doctors have approved of moving him onto solids now. “You won’t have to be here for much longer.”
He’d wondered sometimes if that hadn’t factored into his decision to go back into cryo for a while.
He takes Tony’s flagging erection into his mouth and licks the sensitive underside. Tony’s hips snap upwards but the shout is more out of surprise than pain this time, and Steve takes it as a sign to keep moving, to bob his head up and down, apologies streaming in his mind and fueling his desperation.
Steve’s love mars Tony’s skin in purple and red splotches. His bitemarks, his handprints and the outline of his fingers. He moans and takes Tony in deeper, until his cock hits the back of his throat, listening to the succession of screams muffled into the gag as he simultaneously turns the vibrator’s settings up.
Moving away from civilization, into the woods, had been Steve’s self-imposed exile. Okoye had invited him to stay at Wakanda, but he couldn’t bear to live in the country where he'd lost their most important battle. And besides, Wakanda had had enough of its own troubles without putting him up as well.
Three years trapped with Thanos? That would fuck anyone’s memories up, probably.
His eyes fall on the tight little hole. Tony jumps when he traces the rim with his finger. There’s a small shout, and he starts struggling for real this time, although with his movements, Steve can’t be sure if he’s trying to escape of come closer. Experimentally, he places a little pressure on the little ring of muscles, and a full shudder wracks Tony’s entire body.
Silk ties bind his wrists above his head as he rests on the padded table. His legs have been drawn up and tied so they stay bent at the knee. There’s nothing keeping them apart, and he closes them even as he shifts, and the plug inside his ass moves with him.
“You know I can’t do that,” Steve says, with a sad shake of his head. “Tony.” His heart hurts to remember. “You tried to leave me.”
It’s a quiet thing. His voice is little more than a rasp after so many days spent screaming at them.
damnit – but there’s there's a cleansing feeling to it as the tears pour out. Tony is silent as he leans into his warmth, and Steve clings to him.
Tony’s head is thrown back, eyes glazed with bliss and puffy from his tears. Jaw slack around the gag, hair wild, and drool spilling out of his mouth, he is utterly debauched. Steve stares at him, enraptured by the image. It feels like something from an old painting, and a feeling of reverence washes over him.
“You don’t know anyone named Peter,” Steve says, soothingly. “You never really dated Pepper even though you did try for a while, and you’ve been gone for three years.”
His voice drops into a growl, and Tony freezes like some prey animal. Steve softens his stance and tries to speak more gently.
“What’s happening, Steve?” he asks, startling him. Tony’s eyes watch him shrewdly. “It must be chaos outside. Half the universe is gone … the governments, families … they’ll all be scrambling to make sense of this.”
Steve remembers the chill biting into his skin. Blood splatter and brain matter on his face. Metal ringing in his ears, and a slight coppery scent in the air.
“Where are the others?” Tony suddenly asks. He looks better now, a healthier flush in his cheeks and just a little more weight on his slight frame. A long time ago, Tony’s motor mouth was a point of annoyance for Steve; these days, hearing his voice is so rare that he’s loath to leave the question unanswered.
A shuddering sob escapes him then. It’s the first time he’s cried in front of Tony since he came back – he’s tried to be
“Who, Tony?”
him, truly. Steve can’t do that if he can’t see Tony’s eyes. His mouth, pried open as it is, will let him hear Tony without fear of reservations; the restraints will show him how his body reacts; and open eyes will force Tony to think of him and not whatever other Steve he remembers from his time away.
Tony sullenly accepts the food from Steve. There was a bad moment, when he’d refused to consume anything. Prying open his jaw and holding it open using pressure points so Steve could force-feed him was a tragic experience, and one so unpleasant that Tony hasn’t tried pulling a repeat just yet.
Steve kisses Tony lightly, and wonders if he can’t outfit the garage to be Tony’s workshop.
“They did their best,” he replies. Lets out a heavy breath. “None of us were enough.”
Steve snaps a picture.
That’s okay.
Just the faint hitch of his breath, and Steve knows the tears aren’t far behind. He watches as Tony struggles against the bonds once more, thankful that the movements aren’t violent this time. Still, he squirms in the restraints, futilely trying to slip them off somehow, and Steve wonders if it isn’t more out of habit than any actual hope nowadays.
not to be alone anymore.
And maybe it’s jealousy that makes him shove up Tony’s shirt and kiss the exposed skin with something bordering violence. Jealousy of the people Tony so obviously misses, people who aren't even
met them.” And when he reaches up to feel Tony’s forehead, his hand is irately batted away.
. He thinks about Tony, dead under him three years ago but not really because he’s here now, he’s alive and he doesn’t care how or why, just that he’s so
Tony doesn’t calm down, though, and he’s not sure why. Steve looks down at him, helplessness choking him, before he resorts to the one thing he does know.
He picks him up, and Tony starts screaming.
– please!”
, and I didn’t know and I didn’t stop it. I couldn’t stop him from hurting you. I’m so sorry, Tony.
Tony.
The camera is filled with pictures of Tony. Tony looking out on the window from his wheelchair, pale and withdrawn. Tony sleeping in his bed, wrists and legs bound to the frame. Tony gasping and crying as he comes, lips parted and eyes shining bright.
The hospital is fairly isolated from communication lines and media outlets, so current news doesn’t manage to filter into Tony’s recovery period. Steve sends a small message out to the medical staff with a warning to keep it that way. He doesn’t want Tony stressed about things he can’t change during his convalescence. Knowing him, he would probably find a way to blame himself for events that occurred while he wasn’t even around.
Tony nods quietly. He didn't speak much before, but he's been more reticent since their time together, almost as if Steve had stolen his soul and his voice when he’d filled him with his come.
Tony.”
He doesn’t know why Tony would ever try to leave him. Hell, he doesn’t know where Tony can even
“You’ve met?”
His cock sits heavily on Steve’s tongue when he takes him in again. The scream, the stutter of hips… Tony is so, so close. Steve watches him, entranced, determined to be the only thing on his mind. None of that nonsense about alternate universes and accidental pathways between dimensions. No fiancees or Peters or blue aliens.
“I could…” Tony swallows. “I could help. Steve.” When he doesn’t react, Tony, pushes on. “Just … get the restraints off, Steve. Please. I can
“There’s nowhere else you need to be,” he tells him, “And no one to work for. All you have to do … is stay.”
Maybe he shouldn’t have used his finger? He hasn’t done this with anyone, didn’t have the time for it before the decimation or during the war and no one wanted him before he was Captain America, and he had no interest in sex after the decimation and he moved out into the middle of nowhere for a reason, damnit.
“I’m not having him committed,” he says firmly. “I won’t do that to him.”
“But then you came back … and I realized.” Into the shell of Tony’s ear, he whispers, “My life had just begun.”
“Gone.”
Then, one day, Steve walks into the room and finds himself alone.
“Stay away!”
Tony’s chest heaves, sucking in air fast and deep through gritted teeth.
And Steve shakes his head. “Oh, Tony… What did Thanos do to you?”
Privately, Steve thinks it’s the shock from realizing that this is his home. Shock and maybe a fully realized grief. Either way, he can only wait for it to pass.
He licks Tony’s rim, tracing the muscle with his tongue and feeling it flutter at the foreign sensation. Tony moans somewhere above him, and it’s a deep, breathy sound devoid of the pain that was present earlier. Steve lets him have that, the time to adjust to the foreign sensation. And the thought appeals to him, that Tony, despite whatever the media has said about his playboy tendencies over the years, has never done this with someone before.
Tony comes back to them …
He suckles on an abused nipple, teething on it gently and flicking his tongue against the tip. There’s a harsh intake of air above him, and he scores another point for himself. Giving the other side the same treatment is a delight that leaves both nipples puffy and red.
Clutching his fists, Peter walked into the room with his head held high.
Tony landed with a jolt and his heart began racing for an entirely new reason. There was only one Captain he knew of who worked with the Commandos. He gasped, “Do you mean Captain America…
"Oh God, baby," Steve gasped breathlessly. He shifted his hips with another breathless gasp and moaned from the movement. Tony cardded his fingers into Steve's and they latched onto each other tightly. Tony leaned into their connected hands and whispered, "You ready?"
“Amazing…” Tony gasped, “I didn’t see this in the notes about you…then again, I was looking for your location and not the metal arms attached to you…Is this Hydra’s version of my armor? How
Peter jumped off the wall and onto the rumble on the floor. He checked his pocket to make sure his phone was still there then, after looking at the remains of the room and deciding enough time had passed, he asked Jarvis, “Have they decided who’s picking me up?”
Steve inhaled deeply, collecting his wits, and then smiled crookedly at Tony. He teased, “Sorry, I’m just lamenting what you'll have to go through to impress this girl.”
Tony gulped, “Let’s start with his health. He’s alive, right?”
Dr. Pavlov informed him that he had stumbled upon a Russian science expedition. They were studying the layers in the snow, digging down deep to layers that had not been exposed for centuries. The team was comprised of both men and women, all of whom were scientists on a 6-month mission.
Wade fell back into the wall feeling sick. He couldn't let himself think like that.
Despite being isolated in the dreamworld, Steve felt like he was a part of Tony’s life because of their nightly talks.
Steve stopped in his tracks when he saw such an expression on Natasha’s face. He had never seen Natasha show anything more than feigned interest. Her eyes shot up and focused on him and just as quickly any affection on her face totally disappeared.
“At most, a few months,” Coulson replied. “We’ll know better when he’s in the higher temperatures.”
,” he droned.
“He lives outside,” Peter stated with sudden understanding. He jutted out his bottom lip and mumbled, “I miss outside…”
or what it did to Tony. On that exact date, every year, Tony could not hold back and was usually piss-ass drunk by the end of the night...
“I was just trying to get rid of him before he noticed we were lying or he noticed where Steve was hiding…He saw the sketch though…”
Cable was hunched over at the table as always but he sat up sharply when Steve burst into the room. Cable asked him something but Steve didn’t hear him. He went to the side table beside the bed and grabbed the photo he had left there.
The third leaned over and played the video for him. They had zoomed in, filtered the static, and cleaned up the image. It was not crisp but there was no denying the square jaw, blond, blue eyed man. It was Captain Rogers. He had a rough stubble that usually wasn’t seen in his propaganda films but it was definitely him.
“But you love him more,” Bucky whispered for him. “He’s gone, Steve. I can comfort you. I can make you feel better…Please, let me.”
Natasha seemed to fade out of the shadows and, to Bucky, she teased, “You’re no fun…”
He and Steve could reconnect later. They needed to get back to business.
Steve walked over to the shaking man as Tony landed and hit him hard on the back. The Sandman fell and did not get back up.
Steve was walking to the basement, where the coal was stored, when a familiar hand shot out of the shadows and grabbed him. Steve let his basket fall to the ground and smothered his initial chuckle as he willingly let Tony pull him into his arms.
Tony clenched his fists and silently swore to Steve that they’d be there soon. They’d save him before it was too late.
“I have to go talk to…I have to talk to-to your
“We were called back in after Stark threatened the Mandarin…And as soon as we landed we were looking for you,” Clint replied steely. “It was not hard to find you, you left your vintage bike out on the street right in front of this place.”
They moved around each other in a deadly dance.
“Tony?”
”What did you find out what happened to Steve in the new future?” Bucky asked. He looked reluctant to come between them in such an emotional moment but his concerns for Steve’s future obviously overroad that.
Schmidt picked up his head and glared at Natasha with blood beading on his thin lip. If it could be called a lip? Tony wasn’t sure what to classify Schmidt’s thin mouth but the question that formed immediately disappeared as Natasha hissed, “I swore I would kill you for what you had done to James.”
Natasha charged forward and ducked under her soulmate’s initial swing. She twisted up to gut him with the blade but he twisted with her and brought his blade down to stab her in the juncture between her neck and shoulder. Natasha slammed the heel of her hand underneath his jaw. It jarred him and, surprisingly, didn’t break his jaw.
Peter grinned at the suggestion and asked, “Papa can I?”
“Tony,” Natasha hissed urgently under her breath. Steve heard her restrain his boyfriend, probably stopping him from jumping to his feet again. He had to have seen the condescending smirk too.
“Yes, sir.”
“So far, how do you like looking at me while I’m touching you,” Tony asked with a sly grin, his foot lingering close to his groin, waiting for his answer.
“We got this Pep,” Tony teased and leaned heavily into Steve’s side and his arm snaked up Steve’s bicep. Steve was able to keep a passive face on the inside he was a mass of conflicting painful emotions hammering away at his already battered heart.
“Like you, I thought the same thing but you know what?” Bruce asked, still whispering and leaning so close that he was on the edge of his seat. Peter raised his head slightly and kept his wet eyes locked on Bruce.
“Great…” Bucky groaned. “I’ll see both of you at breakfast. Don’t take too long getting dressed or being any more ‘gay’ than you already are…”
Tony covered his face with his hands and muttered a quick, “No.”
Steve smiled and draped his arms across Tony’s shoulders and leaned into his back. Pressing his face just behind Tony’s ear, he continued, “I am so proud of you.”
“I’m sorry, man. Almost done…” Tony whispered either way.
They were in D.C. and driving home would take a few hours so Happy took them to a nearby hotel that Pepper must have approved. No reporters were outside but, come morning, Tony knew many would be waiting outside for them, looking for answers about what had occurred between them in the hospital.
“But how??”
Brock breathed with him and, after a few breaths, shakily asked, “Can you send me all the readings you have?”
A range of emotions coursed through Steve, but mainly, it was grief. It was fairly obvious what the robot meant when he said, “used to.” He didn’t know when his friend passed, and it was probably decades from now, but just knowing it happened was sobering. It was another reminder they were not immortal and, like Gibbons, he too could lose his friends.
Steve rolled, encasing Peter between his arms and chest. Peter wailed in terror and gripped his chest tightly. Steve landed on his right shoulder and screamed as he hit his wounds. His vision blurred and a watery figure walked up to them.
Tony pinched his brow and hissed, "You are
“Think about it, guys. If people find out about time travel, how are they going to react? And how many more are going to look into making their own time machine when they know it is possible?”
“That’s all I can tell you. A lot happens in the future, the coming year especially…and I can’t risk either of you changing it,” Tony stated seriously.
“Make up with him,” Peggy urged. “Or you might regret this for the rest of your life… Go to him now while Howard is preoccupied.”
Steve should have been given the chance to love somebody unconditionally…Tony tried to give him a limited version of it but…in his haste he didn’t consider how he himself would factor into the relationship.
Peter fully inserted himself with one last thrust and both of them groaned from the sudden sheathing. Wade felt wondrously full.
“I have no name, only the codename, Winter Soldier. You are the Black Widow, Natasha Romanoff.” He leaned closer and hissed, “Now let me kill you.”
“I-I am going to see what’s taking Tony,” Steve garbled.
Tony watched Steve out of the corner of his eye as they walked. His super soldier was happy. Since they left, he had been wearing a small, pleased smile and it delighted Tony to no end.
“Tony…He – He just wanted to be a part of the Commandos!” Steve laughed but it was broken and he had to pause to catch his breath before he completely broke down in front of the Command tent of all places. He whispered, “He was like a gift from God, Peggy. I wanted to love him while I had him. It was so innocent…I never imagined it to becoming this: loving him so deeply, the future changing because of it, and Tony…Tony dying…” He rubbed harder at his eyes and gasped, “Oh, my God, he’s actually dying.”
Steve stared after him, frustration gnawing at his gut. The party guests looked between Steve and Bucky curiously, obviously wanting to know what had happened but no one approached either of them. Peter’s friends from SHIELD daycare had already forgotten about it and were running around playing what looked like a game of tag and Peter was ‘it.’
“We’re cool!” Tony assured them. To Fury, he continued, “Bucky did not do that. Hydra did. He was their puppet. You probably read the same files that I did. He was brainwashed but he’s getting better! Guns to the face, however, are a very, very bad treatment.
“I have contacted Ms. Potts and am flying you to her. She has your backup arc reactor,” Jarvis informed him. After the incident with Obadiah, Tony had made spare arc reactors in case something similar had ever happened again. He kept one at his house in Malibu and the other in his lab at the Tower. He, Jarvis, and Pepper were the only ones who knew the location to them.
Peter reached into his pocket to check his messages on his phone. He felt it buzz a few times as he was webbing through the city but never got the chance to check it. Most were from Wade, sending him photos from his brunch with Aunt May and then later ones with memes about sex. Peter laughed and did a quick web search to reply with a few of his own. He was looking down at his phone as he did this but kept walking, which was how he nearly missed his teammates as he cut through the connected gym.
He had Friday inform his parents of his late hours and she told him that they’d wait up for him. Peter grinned in response and couldn’t wait to tease his dad about his endearing interview.
“We look so young…” Steve added in an equally hushed tone.
His heart began to race when it was less than a minute. This was it. This was the moment he and Bucky had dreamed about and it was finally becoming a reality. Steve was smiling, excited and scared but, mostly exhilarated that the impossible was actually going to come to pass.
Steve guiltily took his phone and murmured, “Sorry…I forgot about it.” Some mornings he woke with a 1940s mindset and, thanks to what was happening with Bucky, this morning had been one of those mornings. He had not noticed the phone missing at all.
Bucky gently pulled himself out of Steve’s grip and slid in front of him onto the bike. Steve moved back to accommodate him and buried his face in his back.
Jarvis nodded curtly and hurried out the other end of the kitchen Howard had just entered through. Howard’s eyes trailed to where the man had been standing when he first entered. Why steal from the kitchen? All the good silver was on display in the dinning room and there were vastly more expensive objects in the other rooms! The only thing of value where the man had been standing was the oven, but it’d take four men to move that…
“Probably has to do with the extra superheroes,” Peter murmured nonchalantly. His dad sent out a lot of last minute invitations to prominent figures in the superhero community. It didn't go unnoticed so those who originally weren't going to go on Sunday suddenly found themselves a perfect reason to go. No one questioned his dad’s motives. They just assumed Tony Stark was making one of his wild parties even more wild.
Wade held the battery and the makeshift prod Scott had given him tensely.
“Coma,” Tony replied. “Doctors say it’s bad… God, Steve, it’s bad. It’s been bad overall. I can’t sleep anymore. I feel like…ugh, I’m not going to talk about it because I’ll just freak out again and if I have another panic attack in a hospital of all places these doctors will never leave me alone. Ugh. God, I hate this. Happy was only there because he was following this guy…He thought he was helping me… A freaking coma,” Tony gasped. “God, he’s a boxer – a fighter. He can’t go out like this…”
I loved writing Peter's POV! :3
This drew the reporters to their feet and they yelled questions at him but Tony remained silent until they returned to their seats.
Wade clutched his head and began to slide down the wall as he whimpered, “I do…”
Bucky’s alien metallic scent burned into the back of his throat.
“A Capsicle?” Tony’s eyes were boring into the iced image of his childhood hero and he replied, “
fit in two duffel bags and, from what he saw, it was mostly clothes (including his Cap uniform and shield).
Father Michael smiled warmly at Steve and murmured, “I know you by your deeds. You have helped many more than I have and did it without ever meeting most. What I’m doing pales in comparison,” Father Michael said, getting to his feet. “I’ll handle everything. You get some proper sleep and then we’ll get you to your friend.”
Steve was sitting on the tiled seat in the shower, unable to stand as Tony kneeled between his legs. Steve’s hands were both in his hair and he was holding him like he was the most precious thing on Earth. That alone blew Tony’s mind but adding in the mewling gasps Steve was making…Tony’s brain was just putty at this point.
“When my brother heard of the boy I had to come see him too,” Loki murmured. “…Though the rumor was the boy was son to the mighty Banner…not you, Captain.”
He leaned heavily into the tile with one hand and with his other hand he cupped himself and began to rub. He closed his eyes and thought of Peggy: young and laid out in his bed.
“That’s
“Five minutes,” Bucky countered, also crossing his arms over his chest.
On top of the rabbit’s head his son held up the present Clint had thrown up there and asked, “Can I open dis one?”
His Tony looked at him with warm eyes and a smile threatening to crack his lips if it hadn't already. His Tony wouldn’t have let go of his hand and would be giving him his hourly reminder that he loved him.
“I just…I just never thought I would,” Tony confessed. He quickly added, “Before meeting you that is. But…I don’t know… Meeting the adult Peter was one thing…but we’re going to adopt him as a
” Tony groaned. His head tipped forward and he buried his face in Steve’s chest, right between his clenched fists. He hissed, “
He could feel the weight of Tony’s silence as he assessed his tone and words.
“Great Scott,” Tony finally murmured.
He felt Steve smile against his neck and he whisper, “There’s the Tony I love.”
“Ohhh, daddy’s mad,” Clint said in mock fear.
“I agree but one of us needs to stay behind here just in case he does manage to transverse the entire country. He needs a familiar face and I’m not on house arrest so it is going to have to be you, Buck,” Tony stated apologetically. “I’ll look for him in New York while you hold the fort here.”
“NO! Where is the logic in that?? He still has basic human rights!”
Both Peter and Wade froze and Peter’s heart began to beat wildly again. Wade slowly turned around and Peter looked past him to see the new figure enter the room.
Tony turned sharply in midair and hissed, “Believe it or not, the world is no longer so black and white as it used to be. We no longer just follow the lead of our leaders just because they say ‘go.’
“Can you get a visual on his face?” Tony asked. If Tony saw his eyes then he would know who was in control.
None of them had a chance to react other than inhale sharply. Wanda raised her hands, her fingers quickly shifting – and…
Steve brows immediately rose in surprise. He’d seen the other shield but he had assumed he used it on his other arm like a second weapon due to its smaller size. He repeated in question, “My old shield?”
Tony flew toward him without any second thoughts and did not even hear Steve’s warning hiss in his ear as he exclaimed, “
Tony paused in his kisses just as he reached Steve’s waist and rubbed his face into the rough hair above his cock. His neck touched his penis and when he hummed Steve nearly came right there from the vibrations. He shuddered as the most powerful need he had ever felt ran through his system, concentrating where ever Tony touched him.
Upon hearing his exclamation, Mary crossed the room and pulled Ben into a hug. She gasped, “It is!
“I will get it,” the other woman whispered to his mom then hurried across the room.
Yay! All done! :)
“Steve,” Steve interrupted. “Please, call me Steve.”
Steve squeezed Tony’s hand and said, “I ran after Bucky and caught up to him in an alleyway. He said my name…I thought he was remembering so I let him get close and he attacked me…” Steve bit down on his lip and looked down guiltily. “Bucky had moved me after I lost consciousness. When I came to he told me what little he remembered…” Steve left off with a frown. Craving intermingled with his remorse as he remembered what happened next. His shame grew upon the feeling.
“Awesome!” Harry gasped.
He revealed
The judge stated, “These are very serious charges and, despite what the defendant’s defense states, there is significant evidence…” Steve gulped as he felt the woman’s eyes scrutinize him. She continued, “However, the defense statements about Captain Rogers’ virtues are also true. Due to his contributions to the world at large, I am willing to give him bail—.” Steve exhaled loudly as relief washed over him. “However, you are not allowed to leave the state until the end of the trial nor are you allowed to go within one hundred feet of Ms. Tyler, Captain Rogers, and you will have to post 10 million in bail.”
Peter dropped his head and gently caressed Wade’s cheek. He bit down on his lip and painfully gasped, “I was so excited to spend it with you too.”
Peter placed his hand on the wall to, over a spider symbol and the same thing happened to him. Peter’s suit was thinner and more agile looking along with the red and blue color scheme, he had a black spider on his chest.
“So we can set an actual date tomorrow,” Wade purred. “No parents.”
Steve’s eyes crinkled and he gratefully sighed, “I miss
Steve settled down next to Tony with a flush. Tony burrowed his face into Steve’s chest and then Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and settled into their embrace.
Bruce ran forward as soon as he saw him and immediately started to check his vitals.
Bucky's entire demeanor changed. A determined look flushed over his features and Bucky stated, "That is exactly why I am going. I am going to save her just like you did with Tony."
Steve’s was “Winter Soldier” and the name had no meaning to Tony but the bio about how Steve earned the name made his stomach curdle.
Tony’s eyes stared into Steve’s chest and a pained expression crossed his face as he replied, “…I wanted to hear him call me Dad for years…I wanted to hear him yell it excitedly as he showed me a new invention…I-I wanted to hear him say it as he thanked me in his valedictorian speech when he graduated…I wanted to hear him say it when he recognized me for the over the top toast I gave at his wedding…
“I think it’s best if you call me…Sneaky, for now,” the robot murmured.
Wade didn’t drop his defensive stance until Eddie disappeared into the darkness and then he holstered his weapons and turned back to Peter.
He slipped from Steve’s side and went out to the balcony. He followed the assembly path and his suit was constructed around him.
“I would hug you if I probably wasn’t going to pop some stitches and bleed out just from standing…” Peter stated as soon as Wade was out of the room. Tony looked to his son and saw he was smiling just as brightly as Wade had been. Peter asked in a husky voice, “Did you mean it?”
“Does that make you my baby chick?” Steve teased, making Tony snort and lean into his side.
Steve smiled sadly at the movie, remembering Tony tell him about it and quote it all throughout his time in the past. He glanced out the window one last time and then, with a bittersweet smile, touched the play button.
Steve stood and said, “Tony’s already destroying himself and Peter is trapped in Venom. I really think Tony will pull his act together for Peter. You’re Tony’s best friend. I know you will be there for him when I cannot.”
James did the one thing Natasha hadn’t…
Bruce gently moved Peter’s arm so he could view Peter’s forearm under the microscope. Bruce commented, “It looks like it is all over his body…” He moved Peter’s hand back under the scope and commented, “But it looks most prevalent on his hands…I can’t believe I never noticed this earlier. This did not happen overnight. Peter, how long have you been able to, uh, make your hands ‘sticky?’”
Tony wanted to get right back to kissing but Steve went into mother hen mode.
Tony patted the blanket and said, “Lay down.”
A burst of flavor exploded across his tongue and he moaned appreciatingly. Wade’s resulting smile was so big that Peter could see it through his mask.
A week had passed since his confrontation with Venom and no one had seen any signs of him since.
The next morning came quickly, Steve had a meeting with Tony’s lawyers to go over what would happen if there was a possibility that this went to trial. Tony, of course, was going with him.
Under the hot spray, Peter held him with heavy arms and leaned into him. Warm water fell on him from all over. Wade had to blink the water out of his eyes every few seconds, making it tempting to close his eyes like Peter was doing but didn't want to take his eyes off him.
“Yes, sir…and, sir, Stark is based in New York. He has recently shown an interest in Project Rebirth. He may –.”
Because then he saw his father standing behind Steve’s shoulder and he was looking at Tony like he was the Nobel Peace Prize in Applied Sciences with his name stamped into it.
Tony pulled into the Oscorp parking garage, minutes later.
But Steve had forced his hand by involving his father.
Steve went to push himself away from the approaching figure but his legs collapsed underneath him and pain shot up his limbs. Steve looked down to see blood flowing from more gunshots to his shins. The General must have hit him when he jumped away and the vast amounts of adrenaline pumping through his system had blocked the pain.
,” Steve groaned, his voice hoarse with worry.
Steve looked down at his implant with a stark expression.
“Wh-What do you remember of me?” Steve whispered, afraid to raise his voice. What little did he remember? Was it good or bad? Was it during the War or before?
“I will be down in less than a minute,” Tony promised and hung up the phone.
“It’s alright,” Tony murmured. “Don’t apologize. Life hasn’t been kind to you and it’s alright to cry. Let it out, Steve.”
Tony swore as a suit started to materialize around him, starting where his hand was connected to the wall. He looked to Peter and gasped, “What is this??”
Tony wished he brought popcorn.
“I know,” Tony replied. “I just wanted one more kiss.” Because he was so thankful for Steve. He managed to drag Tony out of his grumpy mood. He knew how Tony ticked and how to make him happy again. He’d been doing it ever since they met and would continue to do it for the rest of their lives.
Tony looked at the bed with a stare akin to longing and then looked back to Steve to slowly reply, “Yeah, sure, we can do that.”
Tony stepped closer to Steve and looked down at him with a wily grin. Steve smiled back and was so filled with emotion that he murmured, “I love you.”
“…Do we know if he was really Barnes?” Tony asked, hoping it wasn’t him.
“It is something I strive to atone for every day,” Mary stated truthfully.
“Tony?” Steve murmured in question.
Steve nodded unable to speak. His hope had returned and made his chest swell and his throat tight.
Steve rushed out of the tent and exclaimed, “Baking soda!? Do the cooks have it??”
The 107
A stranger walked in his front door and walked past Tony and downstairs to his workshop. The man smirked at him with distain and a high and mighty air that filled Tony with unease.
Peter quickly developed a favorite place to go within the tower: Tony’s workshop.
“Hello Happy,” both Ben and Steve replied simultaneously then grinned at each other. Happy nodded and stepped away to give them some privacy.
Tony sighed and kissed Steve’s flesh one last time and murmured, “To be continued…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony stuttered in reply, “I – I…thank you? Um…” He needed to say more. Hell, he wanted to say so much more but he wasn't as brave as Steve was and couldn't be so forthright. He usually danced around his feelings and he never put his heart out on display like Steve was doing.
“I get married, right? My wife has to be a
“I promise,” Steve whispered. Then because he couldn’t help himself, he asked, “…Why is it a secret?”
And now he was regretting it…
Natasha smirked and murmured, “I like it.”
“There’s no room,” Uncle Bucky grumbled.
It’d been over twenty-five years since Tony and Steve had traveled to the future…but some days it felt like it happened just last week…
Dad grinned and said proudly, “Welcome to the team.”
Steve grasped his arm with a smile then looked down to his son and said, “Peter, why don’t you show Uncle Bucky what we were just playing?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll take that as my sign to go,” Howard said and pushed himself to his feet. “I’ll pop in to see junior.”
He also missed those rare, gentle smiles she’d give him when he did right…because he was doing right by Steve. It’d been years since he’d approached a relationship with another person as seriously as he was doing now and she’d be proud of him.
Steve gently ran his finger down the journal’s spine one last time and his chest tightened with worry. He closed his eyes and prayed.
Bucky leaned in close and said, “Listen, I had neighbors who were fruits. They were nice guys, soulmates even, but they were arrested
“All week,” Steve replied with a smirk and Tony laughed louder.
”Boss based everything off of DNA. He’ll be able to suit up,” the AI replied.
“No,” she whispered, looking at him with pity. She lightly rubbed his arm and murmured, “One of the interns took some pictures of you while you were working in the lab and sold it to US Weekly.” Peter’s shoulders drooped and Pepper continued, “We let the young man go but the others are being briefed on proper decorum and being reminded of their confidentiality agreements in lieu of working today.”
She knew the exact moment he noticed the metal object because Peter stopped breathing. She heard him sit up sharply on the bed and imagined him looking around the room for the source of the object. He settled down and she could just barely hear the light dragging sound of the flesh of his finger as it brushed against the metal. It was quickly followed by the light popping sound of Peter briefly kissing it and then laying back down onto the bed.
“I was teasing,” Wade replied. He reached out and lightly grasped Peter's hand. He asked, “Come back to bed?”
Pepper’s head snapped back and she shot back, “Says the super soldier born in 1917 who doesn’t look a day over forty.”
Tony twitched his finger and it was good enough tap for Jarvis.
“I…I-I,” Steve stuttered fearfully.
Steve sputtered, “Y-You mean – this – now…here?”
Tony replayed all the moments he interacted with Steve and realized Steve was either unconscious or Tony was in his suit, with his face shield down when they were physically together. They never touched nor make physical eye contact, both indicators needed for the implants. Tony had looked into Steve’s eyes plenty of times through Iron Man’s eyes but never with his own.
Knowing that someone like, Captain America, didn’t believe he would find love was like saying fairy tales didn’t get happy endings. It just wasn’t right. He was a symbol of the American Dream - of hope for the future - and he should be able to
When the doors opened, he thought the noises he heard were still a part of his imaginings until the very long, drawn out groan interrupted his thoughts and made him snap his eyes open. He walked into the living room and backpedaled immediately, gasping, “
“I dispatched every suit –
did Tony have to suffer and die too?
“What’s wrong?” Steve demanded. Tony recognized the tense stance as Steve taking on the posturing of Captain America and readying himself mentally for battle.
“The year isn’t your concern. The events of today are not your concern. Not even the clothes on your back are your concern,” Fury stayed. “Your only concern should be returning home and finding a way to not let the events of today affect your decisions in the future.”
“The shield appears to be near the front of the building and going down st a fast pace. It is most likely in an elevator,” Jarvis supplied. Tony turned around and blasted through the doors the agents had just led him through.
Steve turned his head to smile warmly at his husband and agreed, “Yeah, but a vacation never hurt.”
“How about you fucking tell us where Steve is?!” Stark exploded as he separated the distance between himself and the Soldier in large strides. The man looked half mad by the fact that his soulmate was missing.
Who just travelled through Italy? But maybe the man had some other mission he was on at the same time. “If we haven’t moved on by then.” Steve frowned as he watched Philips arguing with someone else now. “I don’t think Cooper has cheered up the troops like he was hoping to.”
The two had disappeared, but Tony quickly scanned the area. “Come on, come on.” He muttered, before spotting them on a rocky outcrop. “There.” He tackled Thor out the way, hopeful that Loki would come as easily as he had before.
“I thought humans were more evolved than this.” Thor said, but Steve’s gaze was still locked with Tony’s.
He added thrusters as he approached his tower to begin a vertical climb.
Taking chase again, Steve threw himself after the odd water vehicle trusting the changes that Erskine had told him about in his quest to stop the man from escaping. It really wasn’t fast and Steve had little trouble pulling him out and throwing him back onto dry land.
“Side effects.” He muttered, staring unhappily at his glass. “He didn’t exactly get a chance to explain them all to me.”
“You couldn’t have the power of the gods!” He yelled. “Yet you wear a flag on your chest and think you fight a battle of nations!”
Steve took the flask and sipped it. He never been any good at recognising the different spirits from taste alone, but it helped to wash his stew down. “Thanks. Here, Jim.”
“Uh, yeah? No!” Tony objected, not wanting to see his bond mate flattened before he’d gotten a second chance with him. “Bad call. He loves his hamm-” Thor smacked him with the hammer.
He fired his thrusters before hitting the sidewalk and blasted his way back up to the balcony.
As Stark’s car banged loudly and dropped to the ground, Steve headed over to the recruitment centre. He scowled as he watched Dick Sanders dare Eddie Davis to sign up; they were both fourteen, but both taller than he was. Even if they lied on their forms about just their age, they’d probably get in; they were both stronger than Steve, their bodies filling out with muscles that he could only dream of.
“We have a true bond, so traditionally he becomes part of my family. That makes him more mine than yours.” Tony retorted without exactly meaning to; this wasn’t why he called. “But really, the actual Captain America? The guy who actually did the stuff as opposed to the guy who did the posing?”
“Is it weird if I say I’m really pleased to meet you?” Captain Cooper asked, his wide brown eyes making him look about as dangerous as a toothless puppy. “I can’t believe I get to meet you.”
“Indeed, sir. Unfortunately, most of the files on him simple refer to the locations of paper files as they have not been digitalised.”
Steve scowled at that. “I know it’s a war. You don’t have to tell me-”
Fury had also stated that staying in Tony’s tower was not going to help him adjust to the new world. In some ways, Steve agreed with this; he hadn’t left tower yet, even though there were a number of things he wanted to do. He wanted to have a walk through the streets, go to the corner shops, take a walk through Dyker Heights Park, go find a church to attend (and heck, he felt bad about that one because it was Monday now! He’d missed Sunday Mass twice just because he hadn’t dared to step out the building).
“Me?” Steve raised his brow as he hunched over his bowl, genuinely confused.
“Put on the suit.” Steve said again, because he refused to fight Tony without it. He stepped closer to his guide, the need to do something rippling through him.
It was in silence that Steve followed Black Widow through the corridors of the helicarrier to the conference table on the bridge where Bruce was already waiting. Tony had headed off as soon as the jet had landed before Steve had the chance to speak privately with him; it was a little disappointing, sure, but he was aware that they had other important stuff to sort out first.
“He forced our hand. We had to come up with something.” Fury tried to explain as Steve felt a sickening jolt in Tony.
“Sir? We are approaching our destination now.”
“I’m sorry, did you say-”
Stark pressed a hand to Steve’s hair, running his fingers through the damp strands in a movement that was so similar to Bucky, that he couldn’t help pressing closer. “Where to?”
“That’s vile!” Steve gasped as he fought to keep it down. Years of forcing down disgusting food meant he was successful, but he had to dial his sense of taste right back.
“Yep, you can see me. Have a look around. What else can you see? Thing number two?”
“I think it’s about the mechanics.” Bruce spoke up, but Steve was distracted as he felt Tony getting closer to him. “Iridium. What do they need the iridium for?”
The ride through Brooklyn was stranger than Steve had ever imagined. He gazed out the windows as familiar streets and alleys raced passed him, and he couldn’t help but point out these places to Agent Peggy Carter. She was as beautiful as ever, and having her attention on him made him all sorts of nervous; apparently, that made him babble like an idiot for far longer than he wanted to.
Hopefully, people would say they were rescued by a man wearing stars and stripes without noticing what he looked like; Captain America already had a face and it wasn’t his.
But Natasha debunked that idea. “
“No. What?”
“Mind the gap.” Falsworth joked as Steve got ready to move.
As Erskine put down the microphone and headed over as the nurse gave him a shot. “That wasn’t so bad.” Steve informed him in what he hoped was a positive tone; it was no worse than any other shot he’d had in his twenty one years of life.
“Yeah. Fury said I need to see her once a month and at least have a conversation with her once a week.”
“It’s handier than you might think.” Steve affirmed, with a slight smile.
“Yeah, remember Debbie and Connie? Thought we could go see that show.” A wide grin spread over Bucky’s handsome face as he handed over a newspaper; ‘World Exposition of Tomorrow’ it announced in bold letters over a picture of a metal globe.  “That Stark guy is showing off his new tech again.”
“I think so. Want to have a look now?”
Tony frowned as he leaned forwards, curious about the uproar that was blocking their car.
He passed several SHIELD workers with oxygen masks on as he approached the engine, and helped push the door open to let some of them out, a wounded man between them.
He laughed, but quickly got to work, first checking on the state of the next building to be converted to clean energy while he ate his dinner, because he wasn’t sure how long this thing with SHIELD was going to take and he wanted things to be as easy as possible for Pepper. Then he hacked into SHIELD’s database and began to pull up their more in depth files.
“The moon. That sure is something.” He mumbled into his skin, wondering how long it took someone to get there.
“These were in Phil Coulson’s jacket. I guess he never did get you to sign them.” Fury threw down some cards… Captain America cards… He wasn’t Captain America, but he was starting to wonder if someone needed to be. After all, it was Coulson who had said something about people needing a little ‘old-fashioned’ right now.
“That looks like a proper road.” Steve observed, his mind apparently clearing now there was a gap between himself and the dead bodies. “A trade route?”
“Coulson said that the stars and stripes are needed right now.”
“Not alone now.” Steve pointed out, and a grin began to spread over Howard’s face as a camera clicked loudly. “Jim!” he laughed.
“You’re not going alone.” Even if Tony survived the trip to space, he would still be in space! Just thinking about it made him feel helpless.
“Nice, cheap food, covered in grease and altogether unhealthy.” The older man decided as Happy nodded and indicated a turn.
He approached one of the doors and forced it open. Inside, he jumped up to the metal walkway that surrounded the higher placed containers and stepped into the room where the noise was loudest. There, he pulled out one of the boxes; nestled inside was a weapon with a distinct blue glow as a power source, and protective gear.
“I’m not in.” He retorted without hesitation, still a tiny bit bitter that SHIELD had left with his sentinel. “I’m actually out.”
Howard was sat on the wall of the station, watching as various people scrambled about.
“I need the casualty list from Azzano!”
“Yeah, but he is a weapon’s contractor for the army and I had to go do more training and sit around in a lab. We may have a bond, but I didn’t get to see him again for nearly four months.”
At the lakeside, it’s like nothing ever happened to the world. And maybe that’s because the world doesn’t matter out here. Should the sky fall or governments fail or heroes die, the lake will be here, rippling and silent, just as it always has been.
He plucks a bottle of lubricant out of the box, mindful Tony’s eyes tracking his every movement. Steve can feel himself growing hard again, the serum’s quick refractory period taking effect. He pours the lube all over his hand, letting the slick liquid coat his skin.
Tony has to stay at the hospital overnight for observation, and Steve takes the opportunity to hide all of their knives and sharp objects. He increases the medicine dosage incrementally, knowing that it will keep Tony from walking reliably on his own, and makes a note to pick up a wheelchair the next day. He briefly considers purchasing a car that can actually transport one, too, but ultimately discards it. Tony doesn’t need to go anywhere or see anyone. He has Steve.
Hobbies are good, he thinks, and is reminded of a charcoal set in one of the spare rooms that he never really made into his own workshop – he’d started a long time ago, but never came around to completing it. There are paints there, and brushes and blank canvasses he bought after the decimation but never had the heart to fill in. There’s even a professional camera, because Nat mentioned once before that maybe he’d like to try other kinds of art.
“I will,
“Please, Steve, I – I promise, I wasn’t leaving you. I would never,” he babbles. “I know you love me, I
Tony makes a confused noise when he stops the wheelchair and starts undoing the restraints. With the same tenderness he used with children as Captain America, Steve lifts him into his arms.
Tony licks his lips. His eyes dart around the corridor frantically, but there are no alternative paths, and he can’t outrun Steve with his current injuries. “I don’t belong here,” he cries out desperately. “I think I’m … I think I’m in an alternate universe!”
Three fingers, and Tony makes sharp little noises. Steve slides them in and out at a steady pace, delighting at how they move so easily, and this time, he’s the one groaning.
“…Hospital?”
Looking at Bucky became hell. He and Tony could never be thought of separately after, and as hard as he tried, he could never fully hide it. Not that it mattered much – Bucky couldn’t look at Steve, either.
Tony is different and the doctors say he might never recover, so Steve carefully mixes the medicine into the plate filled with food. He feeds Tony because Tony is not well and may never be well, but that’s okay because he has Steve, and as long as Steve has him, then everything is worth it.
“I tried, you know. But no one wanted my help, not after the Civil War and … and what I did to you.
And once it starts, he can’t stop. “I’m sorry I hurt you, Tony. God, I’m so, so sorry I–”
, I can
“It was,” Steve muses idly, careful in the knowledge that the decimation is fresher in Tony’s mind than it is for the rest of them. To him, Thanos had defeated them only a few weeks ago. For the rest of the universe, it’s been a little over a year now. “It’s gotten better. Not by much, but still.” He shrugs.
Heavenly bliss is the only way Steve can describe the sensation of moving in and out of Tony. He makes a steady rhythm against the stutter of Tony’s hips, his cock trapped between them. Tony wails helplessly, unable to come or move, and Steve wraps his arms around him.
Hope flutters, and he smiles encouragingly as he straightens up. “That’s right, Tony. Do you know where you are?”
“Guardians of the Galaxy,” he corrects, still confused.
It’s lovely, if he does say so himself.
Tony is limp in his arms as he says, “It doesn’t matter now. Thanos won.”
Steve reaches inside his pocket to fiddle at the little remote, and Tony’s head falls back on the cushions as the plug hums inside him. His hips pump helplessly into the air, and his dick twitches even though he’d only come a few minutes ago.
There are crumbs caught up on his bottom lip. They catch Steve’s eye, taunting him, and he thinks about nights spent alone after Thanos won. The accusation of the silence and phantom eyes that tell him
“I love you,” Steve tells him as he parts his ass cheeks with his hands. “I’ll love you for the rest of my life, and you’ll stay with me. You’ll stay, Tony.”
It’s painful seeing him this way, and Steve doesn’t even know how to begin. What can he say?
The bruises from last time are still fading.
He’ll take everything Tony has to give, and devote his entire life to looking after this man who’s somehow come back for him.
“I love you,” he murmurs.
They have time.
There’s a large, gaping wound in his side and a removable arc reactor on his chest Steve doesn’t recognize. But Steve also rescued him from the ashes of a seemingly dead alien planet, so he’s not sure what’s happened to Tony. A part of him is afraid to ask. A bigger part wants to rip the skies apart and watch the pieces bleed into the horizon.
“I’m trusting you with this,” Steve tells him as he secures the ankle tracker. The lock mechanism, like all of the exits to their home, will only release with his thumbprint. Some might say that a tracking chip under his skin would be wiser, but he wouldn’t put it past Tony to just tear it out – it isn’t as if he’s not used to pain. The ankle tracker is built to be more secure with a number of fail safes a chip wouldn’t have.
Tony spun back to meet Steve’s eyes. “We are not soldiers!” Coulson had not been some kind of cannon fodder, thrown at the enemy to slow him down. Steve didn’t argue; his gentle expression was genuine as he waited for Tony to continue. “I’m not marching to Fury’s fife.”
“Okay.” Steve sighed as they reached their starting point. “Bucky, you three take Erik back to camp. Get him bandaged up and see if Stanley left us anything to feed him with. I’ll wait with Dum Dum for the others then Gabe and Jacques can ask him about what he wants to do.”
“Captain. He received a promotion for agreeing to this experiment.” Stark replied, his casual tone at odds with the anger that was brewing inside him.
“We may dim half the lights in Brooklyn but we are ready as we’ll ever be.” It was unnerving having a stranger look him up and down like that, especially when it wasn’t a doctor; but Stark’s eyes quickly moved onto the actual machine, as though double checking everything was where it should be.
“He’s your sentinel, right? Agent Barton?” She was a guide with two true bonds; one with Agent Barton and one with Bruce.
Peggy paused for a moment as though she wasn’t sure what to tell him, but she explained anyway. “Schmidt sent out a force to Azzano. Two hundred men went up against him, and less than fifty returned. Captain Cooper’s audience contained what was left of the 107th, the rest were killed or captured.”
Steve felt the machine release him and he stumbled out.
“Didn’t we agree to take him off the cooking rota last time?” Bucky whined as he took the flask off Jim. “I’m sure I remember saying he’s not allowed to cook anymore.”
She nodded her head. “Dr Erskine would be disappointed with Colonel Philips, I think.” She sighed, her beautiful hair cascading down her back as she looked up to the grey skies. “He looked at you and saw so much potential. All Philips sees is a problem for Stark.”
“Can’t argue that.” Steve took his own and pulled a face at his hand; it was awful.
” Thor informed them, as though anyone had forgotten the stroppy man-child.
He gasped as his bond was strained beyond anything he’d ever imagined and, as he let go of the missile and watched it destroy whatever was waiting in the darkness, his mind went hazy with the agonising pain.
As Philips used a booster to increase the speed, Steve stood up, ready to jump out. “Keep it steady.” He yelled.
“An army… from outer space.” It sounded like something out of a novel, an alien prince coming to Earth with an alien army to steal a cube that had once sucked a man with a red skull for a face into the stars.
“Sounds perfect.” Bucky sighed.
The other boy stopped to frown at him. “No.”
Hopefully, that meant they were good to go. Switching his attention to his and Tony’s bond, he took a moment to regulate his hearing, grasping the edge of the panel as his balance wavered.
“I’m sorry. He seemed like a good man.” Steve’s comment was tinted with sadness, but there was a lot of resignation, as though he was used to good men dying… Hell, he’d lived during the war; Steve had probably seen plenty of men like Coulson heading out to die. Reserved, seemingly average but thoroughly determined men who believed in what they were doing even as they took their last breath.
