The last passengers are called. Molly runs ahead. Sherlock picks up his suitcase. Takes a step forwards. Looks at John. His eyes are chips of glass. They will not meet again. The war has taken over John. John is the war. John will die for it. They both know it. His eyes say nothing. John swallows. He opens his mouth.
All I could do was stare at the charcoal demon as he pushed a lock of his bright blue hair out of his eyes and picked up his cigarette, finishing it exhaling the sweet cinnamon smell that seemed to permeate the air around him and crushed the butt in the ashtray. Neither of us seemed to know how to break the awkward silence when Bill reached out and without warning pulled me into his lap, making me squeak in fear as the demon shuddered and buried his face between my shoulder blades his warm breath seeping through the back of my shirt. His arms were made of lean muscle and held almost a feverish heat like the rest of his body, but he was gentle and surprisingly trembling as he held me, giving me the impression he was scared or stressed.
I just gave him a deadpan expression and said, “This is just getting progressively weirder. First, Bill is back from the dead and has a human shape I never knew existed now I find out he has a twin brother working right under a human police station's nose for some unknown reason.”
John looked at his watch and said, “Speaking of Lestrade we might want to hurry he wanted us to come down to the lab so you could look over a case he is beating his head against the wall trying to solve plus I want to look more into why a certain someone had been awful quiet since our last encounter with him.”
Bill gave an annoyed sigh “Mabel kept a routine with me that she never deviated from in the slightest. She was always home in the morning to make breakfast for me when I woke up at about ten in the morning then she would play at least one or two games of chess with me while having a cup of tea with me before we headed out for our daily walk to look at the sights of London before coming back home around two and eating lunch while watching television for a couple of hours before she made us evening tea and dinner. After dinner, she liked listening to me read to her for a bit before we headed to bed around midnight. I usually slept in the guest room but after I started waking her up around two in the morning screaming from nightmares of all the shit I have done especially flashbacks of my mistakes in Gravity Falls and being unable to tell her cause it would blow my cover she made me sleep in her room which is why I am glad you never went in there cause you would have gotten super suspicious with all the guy stuff in there she bought me.”
Bill cowered from me and said, “Look Dipper I don’t know all the answers, and I’m not going to claim to like years ago I am not that fucking arrogant and full of myself anymore so don’t get pissy because you can’t wring me for shit I don’t have the answers to.”
I walked up to Mycroft and grabbed his coat. “Mr. Holmes, you have to snap out of it you’re being messed with by  what we can only assume is a demon whose abilities can manipulate the mind making you do…”
I was finally getting used to people questioning my nickname and lifted my hat and hair. “Nah, it’s a nickname cause of my birthmark, so kinda astrology oriented but not intentional.”
Bill looked shocked at my outburst before giving me a cold look his unpatched eye narrowed in annoyance “I think we have reached the end of any reasonable conversation that is going to happen tonight since you’re in a mindset that so long as I am not your yes man I’m just the same useless chaotic creature you can waste so you can feel all good and just about being a little ball of heroic light preserving your slowly dying species cause your too ignorant to realize there are completely understandable things around you that would be clear if you opened up your eyes and stopped looking at all the glaring warning flags through rose-tinted glasses like your family has an obnoxious habit of doing in situations where it's rather unhelpful.”
Sherlock’s response sounded more like fear than denial. He was concerned there dynamic, which he found helpful and comforting would change if they became a couple either that or he had commitment issues and didn’t want to feel obligated to act a certain way with John, especially since they seemed to have established a healthy relationship with each other already.
I nodded and replied, “I think it would be better for me to learn how you guys speak, seeing as I don’t think everyone here will be as gracious as you to cater to my…um…more or less butchered English as Sherlock says.”
I leaned back in my chair and said: “I was always a fan of Dr. Seuss as a child. One of my favorites was One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish.”
I shook my head saying, “No, to be honest, I was kinda ignoring him until he addressed me no offense he’s kinda annoying and I am not a fan of listening to someone shit talk my Grunkle nor am I someone who give attention to people that are dicks to there sibling I don’t care who you are that’s just not cool.”
I looked at him sheepishly, “I took kickboxing for several years to learn how to defend myself. I’m sorry you just really startled me. I didn’t hear you come in, and I have a bad habit of striking first asking questions later when people sneak up on me.”
There was something inhuman about the man. He merely touched Mycroft to knock him out. There was no way he could lie that he used a pressure point when one as observant as myself saw him reach for no such area that would hold one of that effect of knocking my rather stout and sturdy brother out that quickly. Dipper was already back on his feet looking ruffled and bleeding heavily from his mouth and nose though neither of these factor seem to be any concern to him as his eyes darted around the room in a furious frenzy only to rest on the katana I had won in a raffle I entered out of boredom and snatched the sword up brandishing it at Theodore with a fire in his eyes that was seconds from consuming any reason left in him.
I sighed and shook my head humorously, making John look at me and say, “Don’t mind Sherlock I swear he was born an old soul already fed up with the world.”
I thought about it and said, “Yeah, even I noticed the no soliciting sign walking in, so it’s not like it’s easy to miss, and you have a point a flat salesman does seem kinda odd. What was he trying to sell her?”
He had to be way older than me. He was probably no younger than his early thirties, nothing like asking a guy to rob the cradle by hitting on a guy who may or may not be at least a decade older than you. I mean honestly, he’s probably already dating John with how they act around each other, perhaps that was the reason why they live so comfortably together.
She stood up and straightened her dress smiling softly at me a slightly worried expression on her grandmotherly face and said: “Well I will let you get settled in and don’t be alarmed if you hear odd noises next door that would just be Sherlock and one of his hobbies your sister became used to it quite quickly regaling me with stories of her genius scientist great uncle who often made odd noises at strange times.”
“Why would you be afraid?” He doesn’t stop typing, but he’s just pretending. Sherlock goes to the couch and sits down on the far cushion. He draws his knees to his chest.
John sighs. “I don’t know about that. I haven’t seen any functioning take-away joints around here since before I left. Rather dangerous, don’t you think?” He glances up with a crooked smile. “Carting around bags of kung-pao chicken through gunfire? Must be difficult to get willing employees.”
John supposes it will have to be said eventually, but eventually is not that moment, not when they are bathed in the candlelight and almost succeeding in their game, almost pretending that they are normal, that nothing is awry, offbeat, that tomorrow will be like any other day. That they will see each other again after the next morning. That they have years of friendship before them instead of hours. A lifetime to figure out what
Her eyes are wide and sad as she looks between him and John. She must see it all over John, then—the sand, the sky, the flinching light. John looks at her. Just above her collar, a touch of pink. Shyness. And from the tentative flowering pattern of it, not just any shyness: a crush. On Sherlock? He almost wants to smile. Then again, maybe it’s for someone else and she’s just been thinking about them. Perhaps they texted her something sweet, or maybe even came by, brought her something for lunch, kissed her cheek. But—ah, no. When Sherlock looks at her, the color flares and flutters, all the way up her neck. She must know it’s there; she must be used to it by now. Poor thing.
The visitors come and go, a blur of unfamiliar faces twisting in concern or distaste, and yet he easily discerns the identity of each and every one. Such seems to be his talent. It is the man who stays, who dozes upright in the armchair at the side of the bed, who swallows the bitter hospital coffee in the morning, who argues with the doctors and checks Sherlock’s pulse and forces him to eat, who confounds him.
Memories cling to John with sticky fingers, like sleep just before dawn. They are patterned and predictable, a broken black and white film reel from centuries ago, dusty and spotted. Always the same. As he has done a thousand times before, up late at night in the clinic watching patients, before his waking eyes he sees himself wandering through the streets of London to buy a newspaper the first morning after his return. He is oblivious to the gunfire that sears and crackles like water in a pan of hot oil. Halfway to the news kiosk, a soldier trips across his path. He is bleeding from the ear. A few drops spatter nearby on the pavement. Scattered gems. John buys the paper. He unfurls it with trembling fingers. Little news from the front.
John nods. Might as well. Perhaps in that time the right words will come to him and he will be able to define what it is that exists between himself and Sherlock, place a name to the strange bond, the feeling in his chest that is familiar and foreign at the same time. But he doubts it.
Sherlock frowns. “Who said it had to be Chinese?” He shakes his head. “Well, there’s certainly no food in the kitchen here, of that much I can assure you.”
Neither brother so much as looks at him; so little he knows, apparently. True to his word, Mycroft only stays to finish his tea, then he sweeps away, thanking John profusely for his kindness, which would be refreshing for a Holmes if John didn’t know that he only does it to see the rage gather on Sherlock’s temple. It is a little bit funny, to be fair. How his fingertips almost (almost) bruise from how hard he steeples them.
That spring, Irene kissed his cheek, and he fell asleep on her shoulder, and when he woke a fat woman in a muddy blazer was striking his desk with a ruler. His classmates laughed and he was given detention for sleeping in class. He was idly sad. He didn’t see Irene again. He didn’t except to. But now he’s confronted with that mouth, and the right measurements, and the brush of her fingers at his cheek. She jams something into his neck; he smiles as the ground surges up to meet him. She’s unmistakable.
John can still hear his voice. Were he able to tear it from his ears with his fingernails he would have done so long ago. The pain would not have mattered, and he would not have cared had his fingers come away brilliant with his own blood. But it has sunk in too deeply, and now he cannot rip it away. The thin rattle from beneath the twisted grey sheets. The sound parched and soaked at the same time. The pull of grey skin over thin bones. The cry. And John can do nothing.
Irene Adler was another one, another one who felt things that not everyone understood, who knew things meant to be hidden, who watched the nuances of the world with such keenness that people would have called her unnatural, too, had she not been so pretty. She was a good teacher. She commanded respect, but enjoyed and nurtured her pupils. She liked to lead people along; Sherlock could tell by the angle of her hip, the gleam in her eye.
John grabs his shoulders, still chuckling, and kisses him. Just on the edge of the mouth. Hardly a kiss at all. But Sherlock reels away, bewildered. John beams.
John grins. “Fair cop.” He stretches and takes a long sip of his tea. “I’m only a bit peckish, anyways.”
Touching John is no longer an essential part of Sherlock’s role; rather, it is an essential part of Sherlock.
That upper lip curls again, the tiniest movement to express the greatest disdain. “I know we have only been acquainted for several weeks, but nevertheless I am rather far from
The memory shatters with a crackling groan, like breaking glass. The splinters of sound scatter glittering into the dark; they dig into his skin. At first John thinks he has imagined it. The onomatopoeia of snapping from a reverie rings in his ears. Then the groan comes again and he realizes that the little girl is crying out for him. He rushes from the pool of light cast by his desk lamp and crouches in the cool grey shadow that clings to the feet of the infirmary cots. The girl is caught between sleeping and waking and her face is a slip of paper, white and dry in the dim glow of the emergency lights. She cries again. The darkness seems to swallow her voice the moment it struggles from her throat.
"You're still upset about the abduction, yeah, but maybe you're worried more about why John got us into it. I mean, what you said—that was dead on. I know I should've tried harder to pull him back, but he was on a roll; there was definitely something he was upset about. Had you been fighting?"
Greg suddenly found himself worrying about an aspect of things that hadn't really troubled him as of yet. This whole holiday thing—was Mrs Faber really as unhappy about it as Anna and Becky both seemed to think? Was he risking getting off on the wrong foot with his soon-to-be mother-in-law, right from the start?
"Really, Greg. It was just a silly bad dream. It wasn't even as bad as the ones I've had where things happen to
"I'll miss you too—wait, clueless?" The penny dropped, at last, and Anna's eyes widened. "You're not saying..."
"There you are, Mrs Borden," John said, passing a prescription across his desk. "Mind you get that filled as soon as you can, and call in for another appointment if it doesn't clear up in three weeks."
She blinked at him, clearly startled by the offer. "Oh. Well. I do, actually—Theo is taking me to meet his family. Sort of a big deal. Thanks for inviting me, though, Sherlock. Really."
But even after she'd turned to face him, he found himself holding his tongue, considering and then discarding at least three possible beginnings to what he'd imagined himself ready to say. Anna didn't press; she waited patiently, not even insisting upon full eye contact, and
"All right," he muttered to himself, steadying himself with a forearm on the door frame when the key slipped a second time. "Got yourself properly soused, didn't you Johnny."
she chuckled silently; a minute's fiddling in her bag, and Dean Martin was in her earphones, crooning her into her new life.
"At least another hour or two; Greg said he might be able to get out of work a little early, today. Why?"
The notion of searching Lestrade's cluttered, lamp-lit office within his Mind Palace rose up in response to his musings, but Sherlock dismissed it almost immediately. If something hidden there might give clues to things he'd deleted...well, there was surely a reason for such deletions in the first place. Sherlock knew better than to second-guess his own decisions, even when he couldn't remember making them.
"Hm." Sherlock pulled away layers of packing material to find a pile of CDs, a few clothing items, and some books. He plucked out a handful of the jewel cases and studied them idly—all between ten and twenty years old, unsurprisingly, but well cared for. "So, Lestrade..."
By the time they got through two-thirds of the second wine bottle, they'd delved into discussing the rooms in which they sat, and future plans for them. This flat was still new to Greg, nearly as much as it was to Anna, and it had a hodgepodge, half-finished feel to it. Many of the furnishings Greg had transplanted from his old flat seemed a bit lonely and small, marooned amongst still-bare walls and open spaces, even though the rooms weren't all that much larger on the whole.
There was no note, or receipt—he checked the box again—but he'd sent gag gifts to his own sister-in-law before without a message. Perhaps one of her friends had begged the address from her, and sent this as a cheeky reminder of their upcoming wedding?
While Anna sat smiling at that comment, Sally leaned back on the sofa and continued, "I dunno. Meeting the family's not necessarily so serious, is it? I don't think either of us are the type to tie ourselves down, not long-term. I mean, it's nice while it lasts, but I haven't got
The idea apparently took his friend by surprise, but he agreed almost immediately, with a small shrug. "All right, whatever you like."
He smiled thinly at her teasing tone, and straightened his scarf as he turned to go. "Happy Christmas, Sally."
Multiple rooms of his Mind Palace were devoted wholly to the study and classification of John's emotions; charts and diagrams plotted the variant subsets, their relative frequency and their correlations to various types of stimuli. File upon file, neat polished cabinets stacked to the coffered ceilings in his imagination, held the visual evidence of each unique twitch of his nose and clench of his hands, each pursing of his thin lips. Still further leather-bound folios rested on stands, filled with notations on every instance when Sherlock had seen John conceal his usual tells beneath the commanding strength of his soldier's demeanor, or otherwise hide his state of mind from sight...and then, of course, there were the audio references. These were kept, rather fancifully, in a long bank of small labelled apothecary drawers, each containing a memorable vocal cue or snippet...all except for one
"Firstly: if you're cold, turn up the heating. Or lay a fire, if you like. I know you prefer that all the mundane details of actual human existence simply be dealt with on your behalf, but sometimes you've just got to take initiative. Secondly: you
Through careful investigation and patient effort, Sherlock had assembled a collated database that expanded and self-referenced continuously with each passing day in his companion's presence. From the very beginning, long before sentiment had begun to encroach so rudely upon his thoughts, this man—flatmate, colleague, friend—had presented puzzles within puzzles; one day, he hoped, some of the answers might make themselves clear at last.
Her handful of staff got along well, for the most part, and the usually steady stream of patients seemed happy enough with their treatment. However, her approach to scheduling and office policy was more personally tailored and flexible than most—"offbeat" might be the most flattering of the terms given Sarah's establishment, by more conventional medical professionals. John was one of three rotating GPs who handled the surgery's load in addition to Dr Sawyer, who worked slightly over full-time hours herself; between John, Dr Bressler and Dr Forsythe, there was always some wiggle room in the schedule. John wasn't the only one of them who took advantage of it, although he was likely the only one who undertook such demanding activities in his off hours.
"I understand it's short notice, Sally, but if you haven't got plans for tomorrow evening, John and I are hosting a gathering at 221B. Please, consider yourself quite welcome to join us."
"Sorry, boss," Sally's strident voice said in response. "Come on, lean on me, I've got ya. You're all right."
Sherlock understood the level of sentiment involved. He recalled the surprised disappointment in Lestrade's eyes, when Sherlock had failed in this effort five years before; it was only natural, given the importance Lestrade had clearly come to place on this particular murder.
"Look, I...don't get the wrong idea, here, Sherlock. If you think I've got some special insight into what makes John tick, or that he's told me personal things about his relationship with you—" Lestrade frowned and turned to rest both elbows on the worktop, plainly trying to find a way to verbalise his thoughts. "He's about the best friend I've got, these days, and we do talk a lot. But he's really private, when it comes down to it, you know? He wouldn't necessarily tell me something like
In response, Greg screwed up his expression into a worried grimace. "Uhh...parley-vous, um, English?"
Sherlock's hand on his shoulder woke him, and drew him muzzily down the hall to the bedroom. No words were spoken as they shed their clothing, John clumsy and dazed, Sherlock oddly pliant and tactile. They crawled into a close embrace, face to face, and John's last awareness was of a soothing hand, stroking his back.
She swallowed an incredulous chuckle as they stood together to clear away their trays and walk out. "Oh, come
Anna propped her bags up behind her and slipped arms around Greg's waist from behind. "What's a problem?"
It pulled an involuntary gasp from her lips, and she shuddered against the warmth of his body pressed all along her back, speaking in a trembling sigh. "Oh
Thanks to Sherlock, John’s career, his life, had come completely derailed. It was Sherlock’s fault John was in the temple, under trial, while Sherlock wandered the streets of Paris.
Technically, tonight he was offered the chance to leave his post entirely, to go to Elua’s temple for the vigil, but John had done his best to finagle past that. Moriarty must have assumed that much and done this just to completely stymie him, all while appearing to be a gracious host.
Three sleepless nights later found Sherlock and John chasing their suspect, Marcus Smith, through Peckham on foot, John cursing his risk-taking all the while.
Sherlock let out an amused hum. “A different question, then. Would you like to reciprocate each time I do something new?”
The image that accompanied it, however, was only hours old: John pulling him down, each millisecond freeze-framed until they lasted an age as they kissed.
He hadn’t come to his decision to enter servanthood lightly. Jean-Julien had been his heart, Elua knew. But with time came numbness and the very real truth that Frédérique’s family was desperate for money. His family had moved to the U.S. when Frédérique entered l'université, and shortly before graduation, Frédérique’s father was diagnosed with cancer.
Sherlock pretended not to notice the way John smiled in polite curiosity at his return. Instead he gave a sharp nod and swept past John out the back door.
Per your concerns that you did not defend Mr. Holmes adequately, I ask this: did Cassiel keep Elua completely unscathed? He followed where Elua led in faith. Despite what turmoils they faced, he loved Elua too well to do aught else. He offered his dagger, but Elua
John felt bad--he had worried, in the back of his mind, about how bored Sherlock might be if he came to visit him during the summer. Aldershot wasn’t nearly the bustling metropolis Sherlock was accustomed to, having spent much of the past few years living in London with his mum. It had taken a full week, but here he was on day three of a full strop. Even John’s parents had begun to notice.
“Moving forward, you will be given a choice. Renounce Mr. Sherlock Holmes as your ward and accept relocation as a novice adept in the D’Angeline Brotherhood, understanding that your actions merit undertaking your training from the beginning, or else be dismissed entirely from the Brotherhood, stripped of all titles and privileges. In either case you are equally damned--you are forsworn of one sacred oath or another.”
How in Kushiel’s hell was John supposed to find the inspiration to unwavering devotion he was supposed to feel? How was he going to spend the rest of his life shadowing this duplicitous man?
He found himself at once embarrassed and brave, made brash by the slight, sharp edge of jealousy. “I--I heard you. That first night, at Victor’s. It drove me mad.”
When John started to follow, she cleared her throat. “Erm, not you. You may wait down here, if you like, or in the sitting room just beyond.”
“You call that personal time?” John asked before he could stop himself, pointing toward the ceiling to indicate his ward and her husband on the floor above.
“What can I get for you?” Emile’s voice held friendliness, an edge of flirtation that would not go amiss here in Knight’s Doorstep.
But tonight, after so many times, Sherlock only repeats his name softly. Sherlock understands, he thinks, that he needs this reminder that his name exists, that he exists.
John turned to watch Sherlock cross the room in a few long-legged strides, wondering what he could possibly need from his suit jacket, which he retrieved from the floor. He pulled out his phone, and a few taps later, a low beat issued forth from the stereo system tucked away on a bookshelf.
“In the end, he came back home, and they worked things out. But it took quite a while for things to feel somewhat normal again. I don’t think Mycroft ever really forgave him, or me for saying it all aloud,” Sherlock surmised. This was sometime later, when the conversation had veered into territory it had never done before.
The litany of Wilkerson’s praise continued as he slid the plug further and further in, with Wilkerson telling him about each notable milestone-- “You’ve taken two inches, Sherlock!” - “Do you feel the base and the safety ring against your glans? You’ve got all three inches inside you right now. You should see the way your penis is stretched around it. You’re just wonderful at opening up everything for me, aren’t you?”
She winked at him then, and Sherlock found himself at once annoyed and relieved. Annoyed, because it seemed she was being awfully flippant about all this; relieved because the less his mother knew about his apparently god-given masochistic tendencies the better.
Sherlock made a noise of encouragement and if John didn’t know any better, he’d almost guess Sherlock was smiling, even with his mouth otherwise currently occupied.
Until now, Sherlock had almost forgotten Helen had been trained in Mandrake House, that her proficiency outshone his own.Even barbed Mandrake House taught its adepts the more delicate arts of Naamah’s service. He certainly remembered as she leaned forward to blow a cool breath against his feverish skin, her hair trailing along his stomach in its wake. He recognised it as a skill taught to all House adepts, which the
John watched while Sherlock plundered the Chamberlain’s hotel suite. Elua only knew what he was after, and John felt more comfortable manning the door, running interference, in case trouble did crop up.
Midwinter’s Eve, Sherlock stood facing his mirror, all his primping and preparing done. All he had left was to take his Belstaff, lead John down to the car below. Jim’s chauffeur had arrived only minutes ago, but now that Sherlock stood on the precipice of this thing he’d wanted so long, an assignation with
“Ah,” John drawled, and he shook his head in silent amusement as he took a sip. “Well, I’m glad for it. Even if you’re a bloody awful driver.”
Luca’s eyes flitted from one end of him to the other, as if he hadn’t just seen him an hour and a half before.
Sherlock stretched out on the sofa, relaxed and near-dozing as he contemplated a strategy with which he might win the game. It had circled fruitlessly, and he’d abandoned it in favour of trying to suss out a suitable boon he could demand when he won.
Worse, he craves an older comfort, another body, warm and solid against his as they sat shoulder to shoulder in cabs and on couches--all angles and the subtle warmth of cedar and lavender, the hitch of a smile so rare it felt like winning a prize at the fair. He misses the Sherlock he met, countless lifetimes ago--and isn’t that such a twisted brand of selfish? Scrabbling to bottle lightning, that.
Sherlock tried to find movement in the crowd, a sign of Mike moving toward the stage, but the only thing he could see from beneath the glare of the lights was the figure from the back, the stranger in grey, moving silently across the room toward them. As he drew closer, he fell into the odd region where Sherlock could no longer see him, so Sherlock cast his eyes about as if this were any other stage performance, for surely Irene had trained him in that as well.
get, should an errant dancer jostle them closer together. Sherlock need never know just what this dance was doing to John. It also meant the most appropriate place for John to wind his hands, in order to make everything look convincing, was Sherlock’s waist, his stomach.
As a child, his mother had taught him about Kushiel and the other Companions who’d abandoned the One God to follow Elua. Kushiel, the punisher, saved his brand of mercy for adults--only someone of legal age could choose to submit to his chastisment: ritual flogging. As a child, Sherlock couldn’t imagine the kind of mistakes that would lead a person to submit to a beating, but as he’d gotten older, he’d begun to see the appeal. Sometimes it was a relief to get caught red-handed. It brought its own joys.
He’d wanted to snog Sherlock senseless since their first night together, but this? This waiting, the build-up that had come with putting it off for
John slid the aforementioned bottle of booze from his knapsack--indeed, it wasn’t just any pilfered grog, but the bottle of Macallan 12 his sister kept hidden in her closet. She’d already gone back to the city for Uni, but as luck would have it, she’d forgotten to take it with her. John unscrewed the lid and put the bottle to his lips. He gave Sherlock a waggle of his eyebrows, and took a pull.
John had, as was custom, moved into a disused guest-room in Maison Adler, but that certainly didn't mean he had to pretend to enjoy it. Any time Sherlock saw him, John glared with the skill of a disapproving nun. His obvious appall at his ward and patron were palpable.
That was about the time Sherlock registered the metallic ring of John’s daggers sliding free of their sheaths.
“If that’s too much--we don’t have to,” Sherlock added, uncertainty creeping into his voice. “I refuse to rush you.”
Before he could properly stir, however, he heard movement in the en-suite bathroom, muffled by the shut door.
Every time John remembered Sherlock’s distant, hazy state anytime Moriarty came near, his insides twisted like tissue paper, battered and close to tearing.
“She told me a very good man would offer the price of my marque as a patron-gift, if only I did something she was certain I wouldn’t mind doing.” Cecily’s hands shook, and she couldn’t continue. She fought to breathe correctly, and the staccato rhythm of it made Sherlock want to hide, hide for a million years--and the rest of her story slotted into his own understanding of the case.
Rather than an answer, John hears a loud splash, followed by continual slow splashing. He opens his eyes to find Sherlock swimming for the dock, which has changed little despite the long years.
John forced himself to breathe, to ignore the uncertainty written on Sherlock’s face. He forced himself to think of Sherlock’s assignation the next day, of the part John would have to play in that. That longing, that embarrassment all curdled on his tongue. “Go to bed, Sherlock. We’ve a busy day tomorrow.”
Sherlock sagged against her, languishing in the aftermath of his strain, the burn still throbbing, her cool palm sliding against his skin.
“How long has Daddy made you wait?” Jim’s voice--Sherlock hated the purring dip and melody of it, the way it at once coddled and condescended. It intoxicated him.
, with Irene’s huge kitchen windows overlooking a summer-vibrant back garden. He thought of her library, the thick plush carpeting and heavy dark wood of it, winter-grey sunlight spilling over his shoulder as a fire crackled near his feet in the fireplace. He thought of her affinity for understated floral patterns and the way she’d sneak Kate’s favourite colour into things, little splashes of sunny yellow in a vase or as the focal point in a piece of art she might hang from her walls.
Indeed, the generous gift Helen had left as an apology would translate into a knot of embellishment a third of the way up the arrow-shaft. Curiously, she'd left the pre-loaded card with a hastily-scrawled note that only read, “My employer also sends apologies for the interruption.”
“Where in Elua’s name are you dragging me now?” The blandness in John’s tone didn’t do much to cover his annoyance.
“I’ve been miserable most of today,” Sherlock admitted in return. “It was easy to deduce what choices they would give you. I was certain you would choose their terms of re-admission. Until Venice I was certain you despised me.”
Sherlock spared a glance for Neck Tattoo, who was well and truly out of the fight. If he’d not been trapped by that bastard not forty seconds before, he’d be alarmed at the amount of blood gushing from the wound.
Kushiel and his devotee, maybe? Jim’s mercurial face obscured by a mask rendered in Kushiel’s stern likeness, Sherlock a half-nude supplicant bound and masked before the altar? No, as much as that would set Sherlock’s blood afire, it was too heavy-handed, too garish.
2.) Victor and Sherlock *do* sign a legally binding contractual agreement to the terms and boundaries of this assignation, including a safeword (aka "
A thunderous knock sounded on the metal door, then a slot slid open near the floor, a tray with a covered dish slid through.
Disgust burned like bile in John’s throat. How deep did Kushiel’s dart really pierce, that mere words could do this to him? And Moriarty
The night of his assignation came finally that following Friday. Sherlock spent the better part of the afternoon readying himself despite the thrum of desire that grew with each passing hour.
Sherlock ended the call, looked to John, who’d tensed, ready to spring into action based only on Sherlock’s tone. John gave him a single curt nod, and they bolted out the door.
Jim stepped close, his palm a flaming brand as it hovered over the bared skin of Sherlock’s back, over the still-raw
John’s heart fluttered like doves’ wings, and when he kissed Sherlock again he tasted the lingering sweetness of honey: Naamah’s blessing, once more. The heat of Sherlock’s body pressed along his was gorgeous, and he couldn’t ignore Sherlock’s cock against his thigh. Sherlock shifted his hips just so, rocking against John, and John responded in kind.
This time Wilkerson’s voice was little more than a whisper brushing against the shell of his ear. “Now I’m going to add weights to your nipple clamps. It’s going to hurt quite a lot.”
He led Sherlock to his bedroom, which was noticeably cleaner than anywhere else in the flat. The room smelled faintly of him: traces of his cologne, an under-layer of maleness that left Sherlock’s head spinning.
The remainder of May slipped through Sherlock’s fingers like loose, dry beach sand. The murders stopped and worse, so did the investigation despite Sherlock’s best efforts. With no new leads, no new evidence, Sherlock was left with a puzzle that still had too few pieces.
Sherlock began undoing the buttons of John’s shirt, dove-grey but summer-thin, hand sliding between the placket so his fingers could trace along John’s chest as he went. It was one of the first lessons in the
In his periphery the ringleader grunted and John spun just as he thrust his shoulder into John’s midsection, carrying them both to the ground. In the freeze-frame they sailed backward for an eternity before slamming into the pavement.
The curve of the bow leant the illusion of breadth to Sherlock’s slender shoulders, composed as it was with the long, thin length of the shaft along his spine. It was only the outline, of course, and none of the colour, but it was enough to get the idea.
This struck John as funny, and sad, and not a little demented. The laugh it wrung from him was loud enough to echo back to them from the darkened shop windows.
Emile cleared his throat, looking stricken. After another moment he said, “I believe that might be my cue. I hate to have been the bringer of bad news.”
John had seen Sherlock playacting before, and this wasn’t it. John’s heart hurt for Sherlock just then, a momentary pang. Whatever he’d done to bollux up this badly must have been monumental, but Sherlock’s mute panic was so…
The thought ached--he’d spent the better part of ten years training and believing unerringly in his adequacy, his strength and devotion. But even the ache surprised him: he’d wanted out of this assignment since he first met his insolent ward, and now he held nothing but regret for having left Sherlock open to attack.
“You realise this makes absolutely no sense?” he called to no one in particular. “You ask for my help, and yet when I list the things I require to get
His mouth pulled into a hard slash, his guard raised for whatever volleys she might throw this time.
“Sherlock, what’s--” John started, but broke off to glare at him as a couple of middle-aged divorcees on vacation squeezed past them, forcing them back against the wall.
This too, he knew, was Naamah’s gift, even to her male servants. Who needed a refractory period, when one served a goddess of pleasure?
Without looking up from his menu, Sherlock replied, “I’ll have an All-Star. I want the eggs fried over-easy, a plain waffle, hashbrowns chunked, bacon rather than sausage, and brown toast, if you have it.”
John stepped back, the words sharper than a slap. “What are you saying--you didn’t think I was good at--”
That memory came unbidden: his mother had hummed him this song, an old D'Angeline lullaby that called Elua's children home. But why had his subconscious led him here?
Sally wrinkles her nose at his bad habit, but says nothing about it. “He’s determinedly not sulking. What’d you do?”
John actually broke the silence first. “Where are we headed, anyhow?” he asked, his words still strained.
Distantly it reminded him of that first trip to Kushiel’s temple, and he fully understood then the quiet calm that came from submitting to this sort of treatment, the lightness of being that followed.
Were it not for his cane and likely the sheer will of his unbending spine, John would have sunk then to the ground. He could abandon his ward to remain a part of this sacred family, or choose the life of a civilian.
John dropped to crouch before him, lowering one dagger point to rest on the cement before Smith’s face, a deadly reminder of who the man dealt with. “Try again.”
“Sherlock!” Amelia’s tone was genuinely pleased as she leaned up to kiss his cheek right there in the foyer. “I’ve had half a mind to contract you myself since Irene first introduced me to her pupil. I’m quite glad Jim has done the job for me.”
Sherlock studied him. John was tired of it--the x-ray observations, the constant need to school his body language into passivity, neutrality. He hated being on-guard every waking moment.
“You ask too much.” With that he dropped his eyes, bowing his head, the glimpse of her displeasure speeding his heart just a tic faster.
Sherlock’s irritation got the better of him, all desire aside. This line of questioning was completely pointless. He didn’t know why Irene had sent him, but now that he knew the rules of their little game, he knew exactly which tact to take. “You may as well try.”
The burn was sweet. Sherlock lifted his hips, which pressed his shoulders harder against the ground and the rose thorns. He slipped away, until he was nothing more than the glorious vibration of every nerve as it raced to the pleasure centre of his brain. What noises he made, he neither knew nor cared. All that mattered was John, and the imperative that he absolutely not stop this brilliant combination of skills, especially when John paused long enough to add another finger, and then another.
Sherlock snatched the gun from Luca before his nurse could regain composure, and he jerked back to aim.
The faint groan Sherlock emitted was almost lost within the beat of the music. His fingers tightened against John’s hips and it was all John could do not to think of that exact same sensation, a similar rhythm, and
It didn’t take long, though time became fluid and entirely relative, for his whole body to lock down, now on a cock thrusting mercilessly into his arse, the first orgasm yanked from him like a divine implosion as he swallowed hard, a moan torn from his throat and pressed into the wet flesh of a female guest. Beyond him he could distantly hear the rustle, the slap of bodies, the moans of other revelers enjoying one another, and he sagged helpless in his restraints.
As the sedatives wore off, intelligent thought slowly crept back in, sank its tendrils into every part of him.
. I'm literally going to start working on chapter 42 just as soon as I post this mammajam, so... yes! Wish me luck!
Sherlock didn’t let that little observation go unnoticed. Their acquaintance was as much a friendship as it was a rivalry, hidden deep in layers of well-wrought manners and flattering smiles.
“Do you know,” Sherlock whispered, “how many mornings I watched you go through The Counting of the Hours? I wanted to taste the salt on your skin.”
Sally gasped, pushing her hips up to meet him, her cock trapped between their bellies, and soon they found a rhythm, a give-and-take like none they’d found in the two years they’d worked together. Sally clawed at the clasps of his corset, impatient finally with the lack of exposed skin. It was difficult, but she managed, and the relief from Sherlock’s midsection felt like heaven--he didn’t realise how much pressure had been exerted on his ribs, his abdomen, until at last he was free.
“Yes, well. More to the point. I’ve been coordinating with your… associate, Detective Lestrade, as well as certain agents of my own. Moriarty has re-entered the country, but he evaded our pursuit. We don’t know his whereabouts, at current.
Sherlock had to concede the point--if there was anyone who would know about finding lethal areas of the human body with a blade, it would be his Cassiline. “
John, who’d so recently given Sherlock that same hot-and-cold, open-then-not regard, the one that left Sherlock off-balance and unaccountably fighting to win his untouchable good opinion. The one Sherlock had seen the night Marcus Smith had been shot, that had been wiped from his face the night he’d stood outside Sherlock’s door and listened to him play. The one that got stonewalled away anytime John remembered Sherlock’s service to Naamah, or else his appointment from Kushiel.
“Given the brand of jacket you’re wearing, the fresh love-mark just above its collar, and the fact that there’s the faint remains of a black eye over the crest of your left cheekbone, I could guess either you and your--friend had passions that ran hotter than most, or else you are covering up for someone in a position of power, despite your relationship with the victim.” Sherlock surmised. “Now, which is it?”
Sherlock’s mouth twisted into a smile, and his heart fluttered against his ribcage as he tapped out a reply:
Sherlock let him go, watched his form slip into the darkness down the hall until it melded with the shadows and disappeared.
His heart fluttered and the pulse in his ears stuttered like the wings of the dove he’d released in the temple a year before. A small, still centre warmed his core: he was there with Naamah’s blessing.
Triumph flashed in Sherlock’s eyes but he tempered his glee with decorum, cleared his throat, and nodded once. “Right.”
“I--I want to apologise,” Brother Vincent said eventually. His deep voice was small in the meagre light. “You asked me, back when this all began, if I was going to throw you under the bus. Do you remember that?”
Sherlock’s mother shifted her weight, pursed her lips, and pinned him with a serious expression. “Now Sherlock, hear me out before you write it off completely?”
“Elua’s sake--” Sherlock snapped. “Let’s see it already.” Then he caught himself, his natural impatience slipping through the chinks in the polite, polished armour Irene had helped him construct. Before he could retract the statement, Mr. Ames let out a huff of laughter, holding up a hand to forestall his apology.
“It is,” Brother Vincent insisted. “But I must warn you--after they brought this request to our attention, I did some digging within our own records, sparse as they were. They didn’t exactly have the internet six hundred years ago.”
pet--not for Naamah. A little something to remember me by.” Then he cleared his throat and the blonde woman stepped forward, now holding a bundle of familiar gauze fabric.
John thought of his phone, sitting heavy in his breast pocket. He was glad he’d had the forethought to tap out a message, leave it unsent. It wouldn’t take but a second to send it, and help would be on its way.
Sherlock closed his eyes, crushed the note in his fist. If he swore to bind himself to Jim, he had a chance to escape, to find some desperate way to prevent the bombing, the assassination.
Before he could examine the thought further or else discard it, the door leading out to the back garden creaked open. John stepped through, fresh from his morning workout, bringing with him a breeze that filled the kitchen: sun-ripe apples, wet earth, wild and green things. The underlying tang of sweat, fresh and not unpleasant. His short blonde fringe stuck in spikes against his forehead, as matted as his dark grey t-shirt.
The room itself was modest, compared to the lavish modernity in the lounge and dining room. A plush four-poster dominated the room, the decor stark white. When Jim entered a few minutes later--likely setting John up at the alter himself--he stood as a dark beacon in the room. Sherlock found it impossible to look away.
“In fact, I’m thinking about it now. All I can imagine is you, stripping those jeans off before me in our sitting room, hands roaming over those thighs, over the swell of your--rather distracting--arse.” Here he broke off, a nasal huff blowing into the recording.
The other two, likely hoping to have their turn once their fearless leader was done, fanned out to circle Sherlock and John. Beside him John tensed completely and angled himself to block Sherlock from two of the three thugs.
John’s hand hovered over the keyboard, his mind stalled in deliberation. He had not yet confessed the most shameful way in which his feelings toward Sherlock had first manifest. The black little cursor blinked on the screen, as patient as it was judgemental.
So with that in mind, I need to thank the nerds that provided so much insight, especially when I first got started: a-cumberbatch-of-cookies and hollowforest. Cookies always made sure I wasn’t speeding off into an ether where things only made sense to me, and HF was always there to red-pen the hell out of things when I got too bombastic and flowery. Plus, y’all are just excellent fucking friends. Thanks for that, too. Any typos or misplaced commas that remain after their stellar beta are mine alone.
For his part, a knot of anxiety had twisted itself somewhere in Sherlock’s middle as the train had drawn farther from home, as each step led them from the station to the temple doors.
The same woman welcomed him into the small, sophisticated parlour, her calculating smile and modest attire suggesting she was likely Ms. Adler’s personal assistant.
When he entered the council room, the eleven elders from the Brotherhood stared straight ahead, and the two Eluine priests stood before them, hands clasped serenely. Even Brother Vincent’s face was completely devoid of expression.
John nodded and sat, and tried not to think of how long they’d already occupied this booth--it was bordering on two hours, at least.
The hotel, of course, was the brand of stupidly posh that left even Sherlock--a Belgravian resident and plaything of the wealthy besides--feeling uncomfortable, conspicuous.
John found himself in the kitchen after his routine each morning, chugging water while he waited for the kettle to boil, his tea to steep. Joints loose and muscles pleasantly turned to putty, John liked the quiet reprieve of those early morning hours before the rest of the house woke.
John closed his eyes and drew in a deep breath. He sat torn between the desire to stand posted outside Sherlock’s door to be sure all was well or to sit there in the kitchen and retreat into his own mobile, content to block out Mrs. Wilkerson and anything he might overhear.
As he hit the threshold, someone started the music once more, a new song moderate in speed, the electronic drums reminiscent of a heartbeat. The volume and tempo built as he wended his way through revelers to the centre of the room, the heavy bass pulsing through his body, his hips swaying, arse shaking just so to jangle the little sash full of metal fringe. His arms swung and locked with every other step, a new shape framing his abdomen, which contracted and contorted, the thrilling burn of isolated muscle groups coordinating beautifully to curve his body like water or wind, slither it like a snake between guests and against Apollinaire de Fhirze, who let out a throaty laugh, thoroughly pleased with Dianne’s gift.
Sherlock’s mind whirled--was this a typical part of courtship? Or, at least, pre-coital ritual? Why had he never seen anything about this in his research? Was he supposed to--to sniff him in return?
.  Was Sherlock--his brain couldn’t process this at all, not in the light of day in the middle of a busy sidewalk--was Sherlock masturbating?
“Never like this!” Sherlock’s tears now leaked freely, soaking into the blindfold or escaping to drop to the leather inkblotter his face was still pressed against.
Irene grinned. “Oh, don’t look so put out, love. Since he contracted you, he fully intends on being there. He loves to watch from the shadows,
“Ah, William, you have questions. Come back when you’re not on Naamah’s business and I’ll explain it better, eh,
The clamps tugged gently, one at a time, as Wilkerson added the thin little chains to their ends, and the minute click as the weights were clipped on were the only warning he got before the pull intensified, the clamps straining just that much more against his flesh. The pain, sharp and sweet, thrummed in his veins until he let out a small cry.
Content for the time being, Mrs. Wilkerson retreated to lean a hip against the worktop closer to the stove. She pulled her mobile out and buried her nose in the glow of her screen.
Sherlock eyes the Bride of Frankenstein standing beside him on the stoop. “What do you say, Sally? My usual partner in crime is off
The words loomed over him, had done since he’d received them that night. There was no escaping this. No hope of evading his own damnation, and he knew it.
A knock at the door tore Sherlock from his thoughts, and the violin squeaked in protest. John grimaced as he poked his head in the door.
Jaw set, he pushed himself up from the padded table and strode to the mirror, almost daring Ames to say something about the very noticeable way the line of his trousers had been ruined by his "anguisset business."
John studied Sherlock for another long moment, looking for some familiarity, and finally he realised what he searched for. He’d seen Sherlock slide into a--a different sort of personality, a different headspace as he went to his patrons. He would become a doe-eyed treat, a submissive temptation. Relief washed over John when he saw none of that now: Sherlock was only a man, one hand fisted on his knee, as nervous as John.
Sherlock’s eyes dropped to the floor. He couldn’t look at what had been done to them. He was afraid to hear whatever they had to say, but he couldn’t deny he knew French--all servants of Naamah were taught, if they did not already grow up bilingual. He was here because he was meant to know, and all knowledge was worth having, even when the telling and the hearing were a heavy burden.
“The ID on the body is Sebastian Wilkes,” Lestrade offered. “Investment banker from Shad Sanderson. We’re preparing the body to haul back to the morgue for an autopsy and dental record for confirmation.”
John tensed and spun to face Sherlock, his eyes raking him over. “Are you all right? Did she--” He was coiled again, ready for a fight. “Did she ignore your
Once the on-site coroner carefully rolled the remains of the victim onto its stomach, a swathe of skin and tissue over his spine had been brutally carved away. Detritus clung to the exposed muscle. The edges of skin curled away from the wound, bloated and discoloured as the rest of the victim. Even the muscle had been blanched by the water until every last ounce of exposed flesh was cast in the disturbing white-grey tones of a ghost.
When John speaks, he hopes to god he hasn’t misread all of this. But, he temporises, if he has he’s surrounded by water. He could just drown himself. Even still, his voice is softer, more unsure than he would’ve hoped. “Looks like you won the race.”
Sherlock frowned. Not two hours ago, Luca had denied his request to meet the others. Why the change of heart?
John wraps an arm around Sherlock’s middle, a strong golden hand clasping pale, glistening chest. Sherlock can feel John’s breath against his ear as he speaks.
At his side, one hand fisted and flexed, the ghost-like sensation of such a mark mirrored in his own hand.
Before John could reply, the kettle got up to a boil, and she busied herself with preparing the tea.
This was the question Sherlock had dreaded. He knew what he’d like, that sort of fantasy wish one could get when the normal rules on acceptable behaviour could be suspended in a game like truth or dare. But no, he knew better than that. So instead, he shook his head and lifted his palms in an almost-shrug. The only thing he could think of was a total non-answer, but it was about the only thing he had to go on.
Once she’d slid down the length of his body, she drew her fingertips along the length of his cock, and Sherlock was certain that even that would be enough to make him come.
In the end, it wasn’t nearly long enough. No amount of time would ever be long enough, not to prepare for the way Jim sucked all the air from any room he entered.
“You dragged me all the way out here to build a campfire and drink pinched whisky?” Sherlock’s raised eyebrow was scornful, his crossed arms and the line of his body illustrating whatever withering pronouncement he was cooking up in that bloody head of his.
Before Sherlock could finish his goodbyes, however, a courier popped in, his eyes flicking across the room until he spotted Sherlock.
This didn’t surprise Sherlock--or Irene, who had taken great pleasure in pulling strings to get him posted with them--in the slightest. Cassilines were trained in strict austerity, following the example of Cassiel, who among Elua’s Companions never sought earthly pleasures, choosing to remain at Elua’s side. “The Perfect Companion.” It was a little-known fact outside the brotherhood, but Cassilines often referred to Elua’s other companions as The Misguided.
“You’re absolutely right. We haven’t. Can’t say I’ve wanted to.” He let every last ounce of his distrust, his disdain show in his voice. Then he doubled-down on it with direct eye-contact and a leery smile--the one even Brother Vincent found threatening.
But then Moriarty dropped his hands to tangle his fingers in Sherlock’s hair and he stared right into John’s eyes as he spoke to Sherlock, a cruel smile hovering at the edges of his mouth. “Make your way to the guest bedroom, pet. Just around the corner. I’ll be there in a moment.”
Sister Molly lifted cool fingertips to press against his cheek, her expression at once light and sad. Her hand slid back, a gentle indication he should bend toward her, and he acceded.
Frédérique nodded, his eyes darting to Cecily. It was apparent from the way they leaned away from one another that they weren’t much acquainted, despite their long captivity.
Frédérique dropped his forehead onto his folded arms, and the scythe-like curve of his spine spasmed.
An officer cuffed Smith and hauled him to his feet. After his rights were read the officer began walking him toward a police car.
Sherlock did, and was rewarded with another splash of the hot wax, winding from his sacrum, along one arsecheek, down to the crease where arse met hamstring. Beads of it rolled down toward the centre, dangerously close to far more sensitive areas, and the noises Sherlock made… well. He hoped the sheep wouldn’t be too scandalised.
“I always forget how tight this thing is,” John huffs, his voice still rough with desire. “Almost as tight as your arse.”
, he told himself. He’d do nothing without John’s input. They were partners. Whatever came next, they’d face it together. All he could do was to trust that Kushiel would keep them safe, and that Elua would light their path.
He produced a small tube of gel lube and withdrew his mouth from Sherlock’s cock. A thick strand of saliva and precome stretched between his lower lip and Sherlock’s glans, snapping as John’s movement pulled it thin. He quickly slicked his fingers and lowered his hand to circle Sherlock’s hole. He took Sherlock’s cock into his mouth again, and worked it even faster than before. Heat, sweet and tense, built in Sherlock’s pelvis, in his bollocks, and he thrust in counterpoint. John moaned around him and pressed his fingertip in just a little.
“Shh, you git, you’ll get us caught,” John managed between peals of laughter, doing his best just to stay afloat.
In all truth, he hated the act. But he knew it would be best to play it safe and broad tonight. Later, later there would be time for clients who would
The single packet of paperwork inside was a basic assignation contract. Finally! Jim had made an offer to--
He heard a sharp intake of breath and the floor gave a soft creak. He was sure that John had followed them wordlessly, likely a grim death-scowl on his face as they relocated.
John’s been on him to quit since before they got together. What does it matter, if John’s just going away? What does it matter, if John’s so bloody preoccupied with getting this year “right” that he gets his knickers in a twist over something as stupid as a Halloween costume?
Sherlock willed himself not to let the dish in his hand rattle as he stacked it atop its mates, his heart a quicker thud in his chest. So Jim had noticed his attempts.
In the centre stood a rust-marred table with four chairs. A guard and what could only be the other two servants of Naamah sat; they were as different from the guard and even from Sherlock as it was imaginable. The guard attending them, the same one that had brought Sherlock his first meal, was well-fed with a greasy, vicious air about him. The two servants, however--
Two days later found Sherlock poring over a tome of Latin poetry in the library, curled by the fireplace. Rain spattered against the windows, freezing and desolate. Only the crackle of the fire and the weight of a soft old quilt kept the dreariness at bay.
It made sense, certainly--who was he to expect a client to have a lie-in? There might be some who would indulge, but it wasn’t a sure-fire thing. That Victor had already risen, and probably left orders for him to be shunted out by a certain time was certainly within his rights.
And when Lestrade slipped in three, Sherlock let loose a cry so loud and strained he suddenly understood the ridiculous keening porn stars indulged in--his body couldn’t help but produce that ridiculous noise, and distantly, he tried to care.
Since this one is done, I'm taking a break from Sherlock for just a little bit and working on some other fandoms' projects that have caught my eye. I hope that you're still willing to give those things a try, even if it's a new fandom for you!
Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bobbed in his throat and he did his best to nod his head, a miniscule movement given Jim’s hold on his hair.
Sherlock had nothing to say to that, so he focused on the route that lay ahead of them. Somewhere in an oft-ignored place in Sherlock’s chest, he felt the slightest twinge of sympathy for John. He had nothing to say about that, either.
He shot a glance at John, who’d been stone-faced since that morning at Jim’s a little over a week before. There was something strained there, and though Sherlock had heard him regularly up at all hours, bumping in his room, the recalcitrance felt like it went beyond physical tiredness.
Sherlock wasn’t sure what exactly to expect when they arrived at the Belfours estate; it was as bright and noisy as any gala in London, save for the distinct D’Angeline lilt which rendered the overwhelming din a little more lyrical, a shade more musical.
His neglected cock ached, heavy and hard against the restraint of his trousers. Sweat beaded at his back and chest as he fought to keep still. He tried to shift, to rock his hips and find some kind of friction, anything, but his splayed-knee stance made it impossible.
“Now,” Jim said, “I’m curious to see what Kushiel’s servant and Irene Adler’s creature will do on his own. Surprise me.”
He understood the jealousy that flared in him. This was a blunt acknowledgement of Sherlock’s experience, of the pleasure Sherlock had taken with others. Still, the knowledge hit him so hard he that he was sure it wasn’t physically possible to be more aroused. He ignored the near-overwhelming urge to conquer and claim, to erase any memory of lovers who’d come before. Fighting the temptation to ruin the game with hasty action was monumental.
Liu, the sixteen-year-old daughter of the owner, bit her lip in thought. “Let me see.” She held up one finger as she turned to wind her way through the restaurant in search of her mother, Hwei-ru.
was what had him biting his lip in anticipation while he had a long soak in a bath scented with lavender and cedar.
Getting nearly desperate, Sherlock unmouthed him long enough to slip a finger into his own mouth, wetting it thoroughly before pressing it against Wilkerson’s hole. Slight resistance, and then it slipped in.
“--But it is, that’s the beauty of it. Not just my first time with a man. My first time anything, period. But you’ve already noted that I like rough treatment, didn’t let that dissuade you from the fact that this was my first male encounter--confident in yourself, aware that you’ll not scare me away so easily--”
Then she raised her other hand, revealing a black velvet lead, its matching collar weighted in the middle with a large teardrop diamond that winked in the light.
“Brother Holmes,” the priest’s stern voice now held tenderness, iron wrapped in velvet, and Sherlock thought he might sob again just from its timbre. “Kushiel absolves you. Come.”
John panicked for a moment--here alone he was stripped of his role, the facade of the guard on duty who would remain silent and watchful. The last person in the entire assembled group he wanted to speak to was Moriarty.
“That’s quite a record.” John couldn’t help but smile, and very nearly asked if Sherlock thought he might live up to the standard. But that was too personal, too intimate.
Luca’s hand trembled, and the gun quivered. Hesitation. Luca wasn’t a killer. He was a healer--he might do it, but every fibre of him would fight it.
Emile answered as he placed the package on Sherlock’s lap. “Came in to work this afternoon. It had your name, this address, but no sender. I wasn’t sure what else to do but bring it.”
Mycroft placed his teacup on its saucer, and arranged them neatly on the table with only the slightest clatter.
He shook his head, realising he hadn’t heard half of what either man said after that, and focused again on listening.
John thought as he cleared away the remains from dinner. He refolded cartons and placed them where he could in the fridge, binned the trash, and placed the silverware into the sink. He hovered there a moment, debating doing the washing up, but decided to leave it for the next day. Surely it’d still be there. He turned for his room.
Sherlock snickered but offered no reply, merely kept pace with him as they meandered across the parking lot toward the rising sun.
And then the point of this trip becomes clear: it is not for a case of murder or intrigue, but something else entirely. John’s stomach gives a funny little leap.
That was when, in his sleep-deprived haze, Sherlock took in his surroundings. John must’ve gotten up early--the table was set, but not with the typical fare Mrs. Hudson brought up if she made breakfast. Rather, it was laden with fresh fruits, John already seated and toast poised halfway to his mouth. He flashed Sherlock a smile, the one that made Sherlock’s stomach go all funny.
Somehow, Sherlock managed to whip his gun up in time, sinking a his shots right into the bastard’s stomach. Cecily lurched forward, shoving the guard into the freezing water
The way Jim strolled in--! Fresh suit, relaxed smile, as if they were meeting for a coffee rather than as prisoner and warden. His hair oil and that spicy cologne he favoured mingled with the decay of the asylum, and even if Jim hadn’t the ability to draw all the air out, all on his own, Sherlock still wouldn’t have been able to breathe for the smell.
tricky, but all Sherlock could do was grin even more, and raise an eyebrow. Then he let his gaze flicker down to John’s mouth and back up, bit his own lip. If John could play dirty all week, then by god Sherlock could do it now.
"That's a whole different kind of moping. Trust me, you do enough of that too, and you always look sort of like a sad Disney princess when you're doing it. Also, for your information, your David doldrums give you stomachache; they're unmistakable. But you've been acting like
An all-nighter at the Yard? Never thought my weekend would end here. So much of my life feels that way, lately; I'm learning to roll with it.
Sherlock huffed a sigh that seemed both frustrated and smug as John acquiesced. Once they were up and moving, he kept hold of John's free hand and led him straight through the kitchen, absently shoving the lab goggles from the top of his head and dropping them on the table as they passed.
"Um. Peanut butter, yes. Banana, no. And marshmallow fluff is disgusting," answered Anna, sidetracked. She retrieved a jar of Concord grape jam and set it on the worktop, watching with crossed arms as Liz happily began assembling a second sandwich. "All right, Miss Voice of Reason and Mystical Connections. I'm listening. How do you propose I solve this problem?"
She was not brilliant and challenging, as Irene had been. She possessed few specialised skills to make her a useful colleague, as Molly was. And as far as the idea of respect for Lestrade's relationship with her, well—Sherlock had made no pretence of fondness at any point for the man's ex-wife, and no amount of sentimentality, then or now, would cause him to alter his own opinions purely for the sake of Lestrade. From a strictly logical standpoint, there was little reason for Sherlock to regard this sheltered, suburban American woman with such an intensity as he had found himself displaying here.
Brian laughed and quipped, "Take my advice, don't ever jump to conclusions! I live my life under the assumption that Fran is pretty much
"Oh? No, can't say as I have," he replied, scraping up a last smear of syrup and licking his fork clean before passing his dishes across to her. "How big is 'giant', then?"
Sherlock stifled a sigh at the tedious question, instead keeping his response light and pleasantly even. "Of course I do, John."
She rinsed and set the last glass carefully aside in the drying rack; when she turned back, Greg had disappeared. His voice came from out of sight in the living room, light and casual. "Yeah, maybe so. I don't remember her mentioning it. Hey—did you maybe want to go furniture shopping, today? If we can leave soon, we should have plenty of time before I have to work tonight."
Greg got the sense that John was stunned—as for himself, he felt like the bottom had dropped out of his stomach—but there was no time to share a reaction over it. In the seconds that followed, their attention was necessarily focused on more pressing matters.
He brought his mouth close to her ear, and when he spoke her shiver had nothing to do with the cold. "I rather thought so."
"...Yeah?" Greg responded, grunting a little with the strain the movement was putting on his shoulder.
John's last appointment of the day was a cancellation. Despite this, the sun was already below the horizon when he left the clinic; the twilight was darkened by burgeoning clouds, but he made no move to hail a cab. Instead, he thrust his hands into his pockets and started off on foot. Since his chat with Sarah, he'd felt as if a thick fog had wrapped around his head. He'd been distracted and pensive as he'd seen to his handful of remaining patients, but ultimately unsure why. Now, he spurred himself to a vigorous walking pace, deliberately just short of a jog. He breathed deep and fast in the brisk autumn air, willing the cobwebs away, trying to pin down the elusive thought that had caught him in its grip earlier.
He coughed a little, and again it provoked a tiny, hoarse groan; an answering noise drew his eyes open, and he squinted into the darkness. There was a thin line of light somewhere off to his right, but he couldn't make out much of his surroundings.
, or can I tempt you with something else? We've just got some truly magnificent filets mignonnes, and the roast aubergines with cranberry balsamic glaze are perfect with that..."
Greg made a beeline to the stacks of boxes that remained against the hallway wall. After a protracted effort early in the week, most of his own things had at last found suitable homes, including the mass of collected memorabilia he'd kept packed away in his crowded spare room at the old flat. He'd been receiving new packages from the States in a steady stream over the past few weeks; as he'd told Sherlock just a few days ago, he'd been spacing them out, holding back on the impulse to dig into each one the minute he brought it inside.
Sarah Sawyer ran her little Marylebone clinic like the mother of a mildly dysfunctional family, or perhaps like a well-meaning young aunt with pockets full of sweets.
Sherlock knew that he had upset her, when he had insensitively brought up the topic of her friend's drug problem. And he'd angered her once, early in their acquaintance, by deliberately prying into her sexual relationship with Lestrade. John was mistaken, however, if he believed Anna would truly be upset by his flatmate's usual behaviour. Sherlock was suddenly certain of that, although he didn't yet understand
"Ah!" Greg dropped the overcoat he'd held slung over his elbow, but managed to turn his startled twitch into a spin within the circle of her arms. The fabric of his shirt dragged against her palms, heated by the lightly padded planes of muscle beneath. "Anna, love, there is
he reminded himself as he continued, "You'll likely find her flight a bit delayed, but it'll be a pleasant opportunity for you and Lestrade to chat, and you haven't had much time for that lately. Then, of course, they'll invite you along for dinner. You needn't worry about me; I expect I'll remain focused on this until at least ten. Stay out as long as you like; enjoy yourself."
Finally, Anna blinked hard, banishing the beginnings of wistful tears, and cleared her throat. "You should go get some sleep, Greg. We'll talk again soon, okay?"
, Anna thought, noting the hint of tightness around his eyes, obvious to her with the webcam set at this close angle.
Eight days into two weeks' stay, not even pretty young nurses pretending to flirt remain an amusement. Mycroft brings Miri by frequently; he rarely lingers, himself, but I can't blame him. He's so busy, after all.
She ate slowly, savouring each sweet bite while she watched him finish up. When he turned off the hob and brought his plate to sit on the stool beside her, she still had half a slice left, cutting dainty pieces and sweeping them through her syrup while he happily dug in.
"John and I were talking about Indian, before, will that be okay with you?" asked Greg. Her stomach answered for her by way of an enthusiastic growl that was audible even over the noise of the road, and he grinned wide. "There's a great place right up the street from the flat, I figure we can just ride over. Saves time, and keeps us out of the cold."
"Yeah. The rope they used to bind our wrists was a definitive match to the bundling ties on the shipment you intercepted three weeks ago. Your case against Antoine Hébert and his people should be pretty well locked up, now."
Sherlock looked up from folding what had turned out to be a tiered peasant skirt, pulling it reflexively against his chest. "You know exactly how it came about.
, John thought, more an omission for the sake of her peace of mind, but then he'd always known himself to be selfish. Had he been in a similar situation, John could hardly imagine having done any different. Why hurt the one you love, needlessly, when they're far away? Why give them more cause to lie awake nights worrying for your safety, when nothing they could possibly do would have changed anything? When Greg had finished recounting his actions, slumping forward in Sherlock's armchair and pressing the fingers of his right hand hard into his eyes, John hadn't really known what advice to give him.
"Oh." She reached out to accept it; their fingertips brushed and lingered around the weight of the heavy charm in her palm. Greg moved aside, resting his hand gently in the small of her back as she stepped up to the door.
"Huh? Oh. That'd be Old Floyd. Some kind of authority figure in the local homeless community, I gather. I've never met him, myself, but Sherlock meets up with him now and again. It's one of the ways he always knows what's going on."
"Well, after today we've got Yvonne in 'til Thursday. Maybe Jenny will get her head on straight before she comes back to work."
, have a good evening. We'll talk—I'll probably work late tomorrow, god, maybe Saturday? Can I call then?"
Bill made a choking noise that was almost inaudible but quickly composed himself and said: “I know of him though no relation, sorry.”
As if he could feel my eyes on his back, combined with the fact that I hadn’t moved nor made any effort to grab my luggage, he turned his head slightly and asked in a very monotone English accent “Can I help you?”
She looked me over though; unlike Sherlock, it was more with curiosity then cold analysis and asked: “If you’re looking for a flat to rent, I’m sorry to tell you I just rented the last one out to a bubbly American woman attending college here.”
She seemed to relax at my comforting belief in her and started slowly “Well I walked out in the hall around ten at night and noticed your sister's flat door was ajar, and I thought she might be back, so I peeked in but who I saw was most certainly not Mabel.”
Sherlock adjusted his scarf, “You’re rather wise for a twenty-year-old young man, especially someone as emotional as you.”
However, there was one thing that did stand out about the austere Englishman that was all too familiar.
I rolled my eyes at the sadistic demon and said: “If Bill molests me, I am holding you personally responsible.”
Theo shrugged, “Lure him out. He is not that hard to weasel out of hiding if you can present him with something he likes. Try dark chocolate as a starter leave some of that and cup of cinnamon tea somewhere in the flat as a peace offering and keep doing nice things like that eventually he will either get suspicious of your kindness and confront you, or he will attempt to seduce you if he likes you in that fashion and seeing as you’re male it’s a 50/50 chance on you outcome.”
Bill sighed, “Pinet…Dipper I am not going to hurt you I never wanted to hurt you or Ford or anyone in Gravity Falls things happened that way because of something totally out of my control you have no idea how much I hate myself having to sit and think how much I fucked up seven years ago. Hopefully, I’m not talking to an empty room, but if you wanna talk, take your time and come out in the living room when you’re ready.”
I woke up hours later judging by the dim light of the setting sun and jolted up looking around to see I was in Mabel’s flat and quickly grabbed my phone to text Sherlock when I saw a text from him already causing me to scroll back through reading the conversation as he remarked I seemed stressed when I told him abruptly I was going home mentions I was not keen on looking at him and said my voice sounded off when a text from me told him I was okay that I was probably getting sick and I often avoided eye contact when I was stressed cause my eyes got weepy looking and it was embarrassing and told him I would talk to him tomorrow that I just needed the night to relax from today’s events receiving a prompt “talk to us when you’re ready” as the last text. I looked around and sighed getting up and throwing my shoes on walking to the nearest store and purchasing the one thing I knew would get him to come out and walked back to the flat and prepped a pot of cinnamon apple tea and set the teapot on table next to the bait which was a small pile of individually wrapped dark chocolates and sat there on the other side of the room waiting when after about an hour of sitting still a slight glow appeared revealing to be emitted by a little yellow triangle that hovered over the plate and grabbed a piece of chocolate in his tiny hands and started unwrapping it.
He left closing the door as I sat there for another five minutes to make sure this wasn’t a trick and crawled out from under the bed lying on it for a second weighing my options. Bill sounded legit sorry and full of genuine self-loathing, which would be near impossible for a prideful sociopath like Bill to mimic to that extent. I was still terrified to go out there, but if I stayed put too long, he may come looking for me again and next time not so understandingly. I stood up and took a breath, steeling my nerves, hoping I wasn’t making the stupidest mistake of my life, and I wasn’t about to die at twenty years old to the same asshole that tried to off me at twelve. I opened the door slowly, hearing soft singing in a weird foreign language feeling like the music was carrying me towards him. The song sounded sad like and emotional lament, and even though I didn’t understand the words, it still seemed to tug at my heartstrings, Bill’s new deep voice adding to the emotion of the alien tune. Before I knew it, I was standing about a foot away from his chair, and now that I was closer, the moonlight shining through the window put his features in a better perspective. His skin was charcoal black and smooth, looking though there were very light lines of stress around his eye as well as bags under it like he hadn’t slept in days, not that I was sure Bill needed sleep. He had a thin face and a slanted jaw with a delicate pointed nose and shaggy neon blue hair that looked like it could benefit from a trim. He also had a patched eye and a large wheat gold eye framed in thin long eyelashes that seemed to freeze me in place when it looked at me.
Mycroft looked surprised by my outburst as I backed away and said: “That thing behind you has no good intentions for you.”
“Well, then.” John looks away, looks back at him. More finger drumming. “Where are you going to keep it?”
In the morning they take breakfast together. It is strange, but they do not so much as think to separate. Sherlock has coffee and an orange which he meticulously divides into neat slices and eats slowly. John picks at the watery cafeteria scrambled eggs as he goes over the lab results taken from the new patients the night before. As they feared, and as Sherlock new from the beginning, the charts and numbers are identical to those of the little girl. Beneath the chalky skin of each new patient rages an unmistakable private chaos. John props his head on his hands again. Wanting to distract him, to chase the guilt and terror from his eyes even if only for a little while, and most of all seized by a curiously fervent desire to stay near him, to watch him, make sure he doesn’t do anything rash, even though John is good and rational and Sherlock is psychotic and erratic, Sherlock asks if John would like to see the research lab.
Occasionally, however, they might digress. Sherlock has taken to dropping sly prompts about the war. He has a strange fascination with the macabre. Murders and suicides bring a gleam into his eyes that brightens whenever John mentions a mysterious death or a missing soldier.
“Doctor Watson.” At last, Mycroft leans over the coffee table, selects a cube of sugar, and allows it to fall, primly, into his cup. “You’re looking…well.”
And maybe he imagines it, or maybe it’s just the morning light, the slant of it cutting Sherlock’s expression into pieces, but John thinks he sees in the meant-to-be-granite resolve of his mouth, in the set of it, in his teeth pressed together, in the firmness of his hands and shoulders, in all of that John thinks he sees a certain crystalline texture, a prismatic almost trembling, terribly and sweetly fragile. He thinks he sees it, and maybe he’s imagining it, maybe it’s the light, but it pushes him forwards; it sets off, in the recesses of his chest, a tiny tragic shatter of hope.
“Boring!” cries Sherlock. He sounds like a child; his last defense, then. “Go elsewhere if you’re only going to exhaust me.”
When Mike spots him in the park, John can’t miss his concern: it spikes orange from his wrist as he extends his hand, shouting something about how long it’s been, how good it is to see him after all this time.
Sleeve rolled up. Crescent-moon shapes, delicate, pink (blood), vulnerable. He’s twenty, twenty-five; it doesn’t fucking matter. He’s squatting in darkness, in the old empty room, in darkness. He is squatting and he is ringed, uncertainly, in his own vomit, here and there on the floor—stains, bright pools, red yellow green purple pink gold and oh, fuck it. It doesn’t fucking matter.
John tries to keep his voice steady, to ignore the horror twisting his gut; he knows that it creeps across his body anyway, an ugly green on his wrists. Still, there is something vital in the attempt to cover up.
The man nods and shifts one of his hands to Molly’s forearm, rubbing up and down in an effort to soothe her. She sucks on her lower lip; she is the type of girl who quivers with excess self-awareness even when standing completely still.
have gotten caught, never, if it wasn’t for—well, he almost forgets, every time. That it makes him like this.
“Do shut up. You know full well that it only serves you right.” He grimaced at his hand. “I really don’t have the faintest notion of what you were thinking, but goodness, I can’t wait to hear what mummy has to say when she gets a load of all this.”
John grins and they kiss a third time. Then they go upstairs and put away their luggage, and John puts the kettle on and Sherlock opens his laptop and they bicker. The ring glints in the ashy sunlight, and the dreamlike reality has ended. They are finally home.
He trails off, hearing himself. Silence. John snorts. Sherlock opens his mouth, wounded. But then John is laughing hard, smiling. The hurt vanishes. Sherlock tries to sound indignant.
It’s coming, he realizes. Ironic? Not quite. Not enough. He can’t find it within himself to fight it off. At least Sherlock will have his answer: John really was just a coward, in the end. That’s fine. It’s all fine.
Oh, who else but John, who is everything that Sherlock is not. The concrete, the steady, the constant. The trust, the love, the generosity. The unthinking, the foolish, the susceptible. The brave and the good and the selfless. He is a compliment. He is an anchor in the flow. He is why things don’t change anymore. He is everything.
Sherlock blinks. The man is wearing an oversized wool sweater that smells of mothballs, of coffee, of fear. Fear. For him? Perhaps. He dismisses the thought as irrelevant. What matters is that sweater; it must be winter. Winter. Sherlock takes a moment to turn the word over in his mind. Winter. The ideas of cold and grey swirl into his mind. Winter. But London is always cold and grey, he thinks next, and then recalls that
The kitchen is small and cluttered, but John believes that is how a kitchen ought to be. A set of slender glass test tubes sits on the counter. There are a few unwashed mugs in the sink. The kettle rests on the backburner of the stove with its metal hide still gleaming from lack of use. Sherlock walks a few circles in the middle of the floor, bangs a couple of cabinets, makes a fuss about the refrigerator. John tries not to smile. It is so obvious that he never uses this room.
John makes it to the doorway. Sherlock nods, turns to go. And then John goes stock still. Because there. Beneath the blood drying on John’s knuckles.
Sherlock looks at him. The color of the water is in his eyes. For a moment, John thinks: he thinks, I love you; he thinks, holy hell; he thinks, are you going to kiss me?
John makes the tea. Sherlock and Mycroft say nothing. John comes back. Sherlock and Mycroft say nothing. John hands them their cups and, at last, Mycroft’s eyes rise—slowly, like a bubble of air slipping upwards from the bottom of a glass—to inspect his face.
it. Icarus! A joke but. Well. And the sun—rays, fine white lines. Nostrils burning. God damn it god damn it god damn it. The detective inspector, his brow broken, disappointed, the dark ashy swirling shade of it, what does he
Then one night they’re chasing down some second-rate criminal—a robbery, an injured child, boring, honestly—and Sherlock is downstairs and John is upstairs, scanning for signs, and a man materializes from the woodwork and he is huge and John is caught off-guard and then he is on the floor and the man’s hands are around his neck, squeezing.
And yet, a week later they watch telly, and Sherlock sits beside him and their shoulders touch, and remain. And remain, and remain. And then there’s a case and Lestrade is talking and when John crouches by the body Sherlock puts his hand on the nape of his neck for just a second, just a second, but still it’s a miracle that color does not surge and sing against his skin. And John does not look at Sherlock, doesn’t dare, but it keeps happening. It keeps happening. Still, John isn’t stupid enough to think of it as a beginning. Even as the blue blooms so deep on his skin he thinks it might touch the very marrow of his bones. It isn’t a beginning. It can’t be.
“You make it bearable, you know,” says Sherlock, in a rare flash of intuition; he knows how much it troubles John. He swallows, still shy, at times, of certain displays of feelings, and continues abruptly. “In any case. When I was a child, the colors made me sick, very sick. I felt so strongly. It was like a rash at first. Later, I vomited them. Mycroft tried to help me, but he was…misguided. Taught me a technique to suppress them, the kind of thing that was developed decades ago to deal with patients in sanitariums. It was not… humane. But it was all he knew.”
“That’s a lovely color,” says John. “How important is all this rubbish, anyways? Forgive me, but it seems like a lot of security for nothing more than a spot of disease research.”
The soft chatter of the clinic fills the air. The whir of the machines, the fluttering rise and fall of the nurses chattering, the low hum of exhausted conversation amongst the patients. Wounded soldiers joke and laugh with a shattering grimness. John knows the routine well. But today he is not listening. His pen drops to rest beside his paperwork. Sherlock stops a nurse and speaks with her for a moment before she shakes her head and brushes past.  Then Sherlock glances up. His eyes land on John and the cold chips of glass crackle to life.
“It’s good,” says John. He is unclear why he feels he has to justify actually eating breakfast to anyone, but to Sherlock, he does. “Really.”
Sherlock chuckles. The ends of his scarf are impeding the path of John’s pen. It is quite vexing, but if John were to look up their eyes would meet and then there would be no escape.
“Ourselves, at the altar, perhaps in matching tuxedos?” he suggests, eyes following the path of the grey sunlight over the curve of the ring. Sherlock laughs again.
“For being…” Fear. Fear like an infection. One mustn’t go near her. One might catch it, too. “For being so brusque about it, that is. I forget that you are no less prey to sentiment than any of these damn tottering nurses…feeding her pudding, why I..!”
“Oh, Sherlock!” she wails again. “Thank goodness you’re safe. I came the moment I heard.” She bites down ferociously on her lower lip.
“So are working hours.” His voice is smooth and human. Off to the side Death is having himself a good laugh. To think that John mistook this petty burglar for his most intimate companion! John flushes and hisses to hush between his front teeth. The cackles subside. He turns back to the intruder.
He does not look at John, and in that absence of gaze John senses a secret being kept from them both. Lestrade has returned, and he is yelling and Sherlock is snapping at him and yet the world is crumpling into a single intimacy the parts of which are Sherlock John and no one else because Sherlock spoke quietly not because he cares about protecting anyone’s secrets—quite the opposite, the joy of his life is rooted in exposure—so why?
“With all due respect, doctor,” he says, his arm darting out, trying to block John from nestling the boy into the sheets. He is American. “See here, he’s one of the enemy, and what’s more, he can’t be much older than fourteen.”
Sherlock nods. “I don’t.” One corner of his mouth twitches. “Unless it’s true. And it is. I should know. I can read you like a book, after all.” He pauses. “I know that you don’t like to sleep because the war troubles you. And I know that you don’t turn away in spite of all that, because you need the war. I know that you eat only because you have to. I know that you breathe, however, because you still can. You see it all as a privilege, a gift. But you hate it. Such an interesting viewpoint.” He shifts again, laces his fingers together on his knee. “And besides, you’ve started to see him, too.”
But today there is no time for ritual. He explodes through the doors and pushes past the sea of subordinates who rise clamoring for him to stop, to show some identification. The General is perched at the head of a long table like a slender green bird, pushing little pieces of painted wood over a map with an expression of vague distaste. Despite modern technology, she has always been inclined towards physical representation, and prefers paper maps and wooden regiments far above punching coordinates into a keyboard. It is a respectable if not inconvenient quality.
Weeks have passed. He is finally released from his bed and for once John does not seem perplexed by his good mood. He makes bacon for breakfast and Sherlock eats a slice and a half; he looks so pleased that Sherlock wonders if he will kiss him. His heart is still pounding when John leaves the table. He marvels at the blood rushing thick and hot to his fingertips. They spend the day roaming about London. The city has the insubstantial familiarity of a dream.
And so they have agreed. But he knows it is simply a matter of time. He saw the signs in the curve of her lip, the gleam of her eye. They were only speaking in code. There is no time for alarm now. Calculate first. So be it. Let her have her strategy, the medals on her breast pocket. They must make such concessions in order to understand one another. And so he leaves with the feeble excuse. But he doesn’t really believe it, not for a minute, and neither does she.
Moriarty waltzes onto the scene and extends his hand to Sherlock for a dance. His fingers ghost the trigger. John is gasping for air. Sherlock can taste the acrid flavor of his fear. His heart pounds. John. It is John who hangs in the balance. And yet it is also John who lunges for Moriarty, clutches death close to his chest, begs for Sherlock to run with a wild look consuming his face. Love drives him. He will die for it.
Sometimes you just have to laugh. When you’re with a couple other boys—boys, just boys—and you hear the whistle, feel the heat on the back of your necks. You learn fast, that’s how death feels: hot. Don’t look, don’t look, don’t look. Liquid sun, sweat; the weirdly gentle spray of red, expanding from a body being torn apart like petals unfurling. You and the boys hide behind a rock, or a truck or something, anything, and your shoulders are pressing together and you look at each other and it’s so so intimate because you’re all trying to make sure that each other stays the only thing you ever look at, the only thing you ever remember about this, for the rest of your lives.
The world remains nebulous and strange, and John remains the lone anchor in the murk of the dream. Sherlock wants to breathe him in like cigarette smoke, to touch and taste him, to absorb the unique tangibility that is John. He finds that his hands wander; his fingers dance over the bumps of his spine, the dip of his lower back; they linger too long at his wrist, trapping the frantic metronome of his pulse. John occasionally asks what’s gotten into him; more rarely, he returns the touch, smoothing the curls back from Sherlock’s forehead or letting their fingertips bump together for an instant. But he is always wary, as if Sherlock might shatter to bits beneath his hands, as if the jagged fragments might dig into his skin.
Irene reaches into the pocket of her uniform and extracts a slip of government-issued paper. “Best that we save ourselves both the time, wouldn’t you agree?” She unfolds the paper. “You know what this is.”
“Just this morning,” interrupts Sherlock glassily. “She was mad with pain and fever. Just this morning, she was…” He swallows. Up until this point his observations have blocked the fear that has been rising in his throat. Now terror is obstructing his voice. He swallows again. “She was seized by spasms, then more pain, then morphine, if you don’t recall, doctor.”
It is strange and wild and consuming. It is an infection planted in his heart that spreads through his whole body. It is an epidemic. It is the trill of his cellphone in his pocket. It is the moonlight reflecting wanly from the trembling water. But most of all it is John, scarcely able to breathe past the bomb strapped to his chest.
is rather than a single night that will be cut short by the curfew. A lifetime to act. Time. John eats slowly.
John exhales through his nose. “If you must know, yes.” He rubs his temple. “I don’t think I have other memories, not anymore.”
“Unfortunately for your sake, my dear Watson,” he replies, “you left that position behind the moment you brought in this little girl.”
“Not you,” he says. And suddenly his eyes are open, looking at him—lucid, almost. “You’re different.”
John colors. “Right. Of course you wouldn’t…want that.” He looks away. “I’ll just go, then. I’m sure I can find another place without too much trouble.” He says it so easily; his expression is veiled. Sherlock just imagines the idea of Baker Street without John Watson and is left nearly breathless with pain
The little girl smells like ash and gunpowder and old rain. She needs a bath. John gives her to Sarah, the only nurse he really trusts. The girl cries out and reaches for him, but he hushes her and Sarah puts a hand in her hair, strokes it back from her forehead with a murmur of comfort. She glances at him and he dips his chin. The instructions are understood.
“I’m glad that I got to see you two again,” he booms as he lights a candle in the center of the red checked tablecloth. “Who knows where we’ll all end up at this rate, eh?”
“No, John. Think, for once in your life.” And his voice is trembling, it’s really trembling, and John regrets the almost laughter, wants to reach for him, fold him up within the structure of his own body, but he knows he can’t, he can’t, and then Sherlock is standing up, and he’s taking a step forward, and his arms hang stiff at his sides, and for the first time it looks like Sherlock Holmes doesn’t know what to do—with himself, with anything. “I
So this man is his doctor? Impossible; he is not wearing a medical coat. Coincidence? Sherlock takes a brief glance at his hands. They are brown and battered, the skin turned to sandpaper by calluses. They must have once been often used in strong sun; perhaps they are so worn from tying stitches, or changing bandages?
“I don’t know,” says John. Mike explains anyway, and John keeps saying it: I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know. His eyes flicker down; the bright concern has not faded from Mike’s wrist. John says he doesn’t know, but Mike insists.
“It won’t be like this forever, you know.” Sherlock rolls his eyes. “How silly to think that things won’t change eventually. She can’t drink forever.”
His stomach, beneath the hospital sheet: blue and blue and blue and blue. And Sherlock, standing over him. Fingers in his hair. Pale.
“What?” says John, though of course he knows, and he knows Sherlock knows he knows. He braces himself for the bite of his retort, for something dug down into him, turning him inside out.
Night floods the sitting room, so they draw the curtains and turn on the telly so that the fuzzy artificial glow combats the darkness. It’s some mindless program, but sitting beside John in that sort of confident silence that comes from long friendship and deep love, their fingers loosely intertwined, it’s alright. It gets late. By midnight, they’re sitting pressed together, twined together nearly to the ankle, just by coincidence, gravity, really.
He stared at the closed door after she left, stunned and thoughtful, until Jenny buzzed from the front and reminded him it was time to call in his next patient.
He chose not to answer that. "Undoubtedly our mother will be so enamoured with the novelty of your presence that your choice of gift will be entirely immaterial."
Even muffled into Greg's wrist, his short scream of agony was loud enough to echo in the still cellar. It entirely drowned out John's simultaneous groan, at utilising the abused and swollen muscles of his own arm.
makes a whole lot of bloody sense. Date this, and throw it in the drawer with all my other fan mail, will ya Sally?"
It was painted a dark colour that blended into the private shadow of the entryway, but before dinner Greg had left a small lamp lit somewhere inside the flat. Soft light filtered through the pair of glass door panes, fully frosted except for an elegant criss-cross pattern, and through the square fanlight above with its painted address number standing out in silhouette.
The relative peace was soon broken by a new sound, one to which the three men seemed to be studiously avoiding giving their attention: yelling from a hallway outside the meeting room.
They switched places, Greg taking over at the wok as Anna passed him the first few ingredients. "You're giving this a lot of thought, already, aren't you love?"
where it would no longer disturb his sleep—where it could no longer intrude upon his interactions with John, making him rude and savagely irascible at unpredictable moments, when he was
Greg looked up in amazement just in time to catch the enigmatic flicker of Sherlock's smile. "Thank you," he called, but his consultant was already gone, the door falling gently closed in his wake.
John thought back on Sherlock's face at the restaurant, when Sarah's text message had come. Although there had been an unmistakable flash of disappointment and anger, it had been quickly banished. He'd put up no argument, graciously staying behind to pay their check; he'd even offered a smile and a small wave through the window, as John had opened the door to his cab.
Although he wasn't feeling up to it at all, Greg worked hard to dredge up a smile from somewhere before touching the Skype button.
Sure, Anna had already run this hurdle a few times—initially, in a dimly-lit room on the third storey of a quaint and vaguely run-down rooming house (and
She looked at him sidelong, making a clear effort to tolerate and support his enthusiasm. The ranks of antique mounted dog heads, however, obviously did not strike her fancy. She actually went a bit green after meeting the glassy eyes of the bulldog, and strode past it with determination; Sherlock led her quickly on past the canines and across to a tall display case he particularly enjoyed.
The sensation was inconsistent, radiating in waves between head, shoulder and stomach, fading in and out along with strange voices and a loudly puttering engine. He registered motion, next: a bump and sway, vibration, cold metal against his face. The smell of petrol was intense and sickening. Greg coughed and tried to turn his mouth away from the floor; spittle smeared his cheek and he whimpered at the sharp ache in his shoulder.
"Come on, it's only a few minutes' walk home from here," Greg smiled, after they'd seen John off in his cab.
"Off out?" Ronny asked him, raising his head and tossing the longest bit of his glossy black hair from his face. "Have we pinned down the source of the cash, then?"
The leader gestured at the two of them, and snapped out a short command; Blondy answered in a clear affirmative, but before stepping back he delivered a swift punch to the DI's stomach.
Anna stood before the extinct bird for a long minute, tilting her head slowly to one side. "All right, I have to give it to you. This is still creepy, I'm not budging on that...but it's kind of an awesome creepy." She turned and linked her arm casually into his elbow as they walked on through the gallery. "So, tell me about this case where you had to compare bird bones..."
"I was in the right, there! You even said so, Sally!" He crossed his arms and sank into a mean slouch. "But,
The new flat boasted a generous peninsula worktop that separated the kitchen from the dining area; Sherlock settled himself in a slouch upon one of three stools, looking in as Lestrade clattered about with the tea things. The older man's movements were spare and confident, illustrating an ease his guest didn't share.
"Then by all means, fetch me one if you feel you must," he sighed, resting his head in his hand without regard for the pen he still held.
The undercurrent of the unspoken threatened to spill over between them; John realised with a guilty start that he hadn't looked directly at the other man in quite a while. When he steeled himself to turn, though, the expected stare of calculating assessment was absent. Mycroft was instead facing partially in the opposite direction, gazing off into space, the thin gold ring on his right hand glinting where his palm spread across the cover of a leather-bound volume.
John looked much more himself now that he'd eaten; they'd both been quiet for much of his meal, wrapped up in their own thoughts, but it seemed to have been a more restorative period for the doctor than it had been for the detective. He stepped out at Sherlock's heels and looked up to him expectantly, every economical motion of his body communicating attention and eagerness for action.
With a slow nod, he swung the little garden gate closed behind him, then set off down the pavement to walk through his crowded thoughts.
Part of his mind failed to be eased by John's declaration—he still felt he'd missed a critical observation today, somehow—but it was a small part. Infinitesimal, and shrinking rapidly under the gentle onslaught of John's loving touch.
The noise in the background faded quickly away, followed by the sound of a door slamming, and Greg grinned. Obviously she'd run off to talk to him somewhere private: probably Charlotte's bedroom, judging by how fast she'd gotten there.
to be the pivot point for Greg's happiness. It was flattering, no doubt, to have his undivided attention; it was exhilarating to be the recipient of his wholehearted love...but it troubled her to think that he might not have it in him to be happy, without her around.
Stepping forward silently, Sherlock took up the space she had vacated in the observation enclosure: the glass box jutted out over a metre from the side of the skyscraper, creating an invisible ledge that floated the observer's feet over the city at a height of 412 metres. The effect was, admittedly, striking. He immediately found himself running compulsive calculations in his mind—judging the likely windspeed at this height, and the projected arc of a hypothetical falling object—but this occupied him for only a second or so. The presence to his left quickly commanded his full attention.
It startled a spluttering laugh out of Lestrade. "Hardly! You think?" At Sherlock's nonchalant shrug, he shook his head and grinned into his cup. "Well. He missed out on a real treat. You were a bloody piece of work, at twenty-eight."
Lestrade nodded slightly. "I'll give you that much, though I'm sure it was accidental. But the way John chose to react to those circumstances was under his control. Just as my actions were under mine."
, because Sherlock hadn't been able to master his emotions! After he'd returned the original case file to Lestrade, muttering a reluctant admission of defeat, Sherlock had thrown his extensive notes and scrawled-upon photocopies into a box, mortifying mistakes and all, and had shoved the whole embarrassment out of sight before John returned from his holiday. There it had remained, for over five years...untouched throughout the turmoil of Moriarty's final gambit, undisturbed during Sherlock's time away, neglected in the year and a half since his return.
"Petting a—" Looking back, she realised that it wasn't a terribly inaccurate description. She let her hand fall to her side sheepishly. "Sorry. Just thinking."
Continuing northward towards the river, Sherlock considered what other stops might need to be made on this impromptu memory-altering tour.
Sally had paused in the office doorway, reaching her arms high overhead and gripping the top of the doorframe; as he approached she dropped the stretch and quickly stepped aside to let him pass. Rather than sweep on by, though, Sherlock found himself drawn to pause alongside her, in the space just beyond Lestrade's office door.
Until this morning, I hadn't really understood. Still don't, quite, but sitting with them outside the suspect's home while they argued over old aggravations was like hearing Papa fighting with my older brother.
They breathed together through their respective hurts, until Greg shook himself and moved to stand. "Thanks, John. Next order of business," he muttered hoarsely. "Checking the room."
Still slow going, with this story. Sorry to keep everyone waiting... I promise, I haven't given up on it! It's just...fighting me, a little. ;)
Anna tilted her head to one side in commiseration. "Well, I'm glad you took her advice. You look almost as tuckered out as you did last Tuesday, and you said you weren't even working a
Sherlock paused before making a reply. Sorting through the influx of new information, he picked out a handful of points for further consideration before tucking the rest away. "I'm thinking. Is there a problem?"
Back out on the sidewalk, with the brisk air whipping about his face, Sherlock felt a sudden determination to regain his equilibrium. All this emotional upheaval was unfamiliar territory, and on top of that, it was happening in Chicago, of all places.
to do it. 'Course, I don't much like it either; usually, I dump it all in a catchall drawer in my desk, to sort out later. Hence..."
Sherlock swept along the pavement with a deep scowl. He wouldn't have minded rain—it would have made a fitting counterpoint to his mood—but the thought of going back to sulk in the quiet flat was in no way attractive. He and John had been enjoying a pleasant lunch at a newly opened Lebanese establishment, deep in conversation about the pros and cons of tweaking their respective websites' designs, when John had received a text. Bloody
Of course, he'd still wind up being involved with the case as it rolled on to its close; assuming the killer could be found and brought in (and he'd found no immediate evidence that the man had fled in the past decade), Sherlock would almost certainly end up giving expert testimony in the trial. That would be far down the line, though; hopefully Lestrade would take the hint Sherlock had just given, and keep his appreciative outpourings to a tolerable minimum in the meantime.
"It's only a matter of time before Mom wants me to help her with something, anyway," Anna sighed. "I should really go..."
I'll set a few weeks aside for catching up on French Knot, and in the meantime I will continue to post
When Sherlock finds himself in a sour mood, he often relies on John to understand and soothe it. But if John is the unwitting source of that confusing ill temper...where else can he go?
John's tread sounded upon the stair approximately five and a half hours later, accompanied by the rustle of a plastic bag. Sherlock looked up from his laptop with a smile: he'd just finished compiling his notes into a format that Lestrade and the magistrates would be able to understand.
Tonight, I could see right away what he admired. John's a fine, upstanding man, so protective and careful.
"Nah, they already know what they should be working on. If they're not at each other's throats, anyway. I'll be in touch."
The longer he sat and watched, the more definition John was able to see in the lines and shadows of his partner's face. The lids of his eyes—John had expected them to be closed, but he was surprised to note the slimmest opening, a bare sliver of grey iris twitching gently back and forth in irregular rhythms. Not like dreaming, but not the calm, stone stillness he'd witnessed during cases, when the answer to a pressing puzzle lay buried somewhere deep inside Sherlock's mind.
to do with you; don't worry, no-one will be hearing it from me." John looked him up and down, amazed all over again at the difference from his usual dark suits. He wasn't even wearing a
"No, not for that—well, yes, that too. Thank you for bringing me here, I do like it. But...thank you for accepting me."
So it dawned on her slowly, creeping up on her; like the dry eyes and sore throat brought on by the recycling air, but far less expected. Somewhere between the meal service and the end of the trashy historical romance Liz had stuffed into her carry-on, Anna began to gradually notice a tightness in her stomach and an intermittent restlessness jiggling her knee. It wasn't until the last hour of the long flight—when she looked up from a Sudoku puzzle, briefly stumped, and glanced across to see the sun almost completely gone—that the full import struck her.
"Where's he gone?" Greg wondered aloud, while John simply huffed an annoyed breath through his nose and stepped over to drop the books beside the abandoned microscope.
More than anything, that was the reason he'd worked so hard to keep Sherlock on his side, ever since the night he'd first seen beneath that thorny façade to glimpse what lay beneath. It wasn't that he'd believed the young genius was ever really in danger of being on the
Mycroft sniffed, his lips twitching. "You know what they say. All work and no play, Doctor. And what about you? Has something in particular brought you out to Watton's Green?"
As it was, the missing time in his mind stood testament to the fact that he was woefully unprepared to meet the needs of John Watson.
"You gave that back to me, god, it's been years ago now; you said it was hopeless. Yeah, I remember that word, distinctly.
"Not yet, but we've gotta be close now. I'm running over to Barts; let the bickering children know, and keep an eye on 'em, would you?"
Anna stole up close to his side and tucked herself in under his arm, resting her head over his heartbeat while he finished confirming the arrangements. Though he half-expected her to chime in with a greeting before the end of the call, she stayed silent until he rang off.
"Not at all; that's all over and done with. What I'm after now pertains to a completely different group of criminals that appear to be meeting somewhere locally. I believe your company still handles document storage for Farriman Consulting, yes? I need access to the warehouse. Tonight, if at all possible."
Anna piped up, "Personally, I think that sounds amazing. I haven't had a good filet in a really long time."
"Family at Christmas, huh? That'll be a nice change for you, you usually haunt the Yard like Marley's ghost through Boxing Day."
She blushed and glanced away, fiddling with the neck of the forest green jumper she wore. "You know, I almost called you in the middle of the night, last night. You would've already been at work for the day, though; I didn't want to bother you..."
At four o'clock the following afternoon, Anna and Greg exchanged their customary tongue-in-cheek Tuesday greeting. As usual, the little ritual ended in their grinning at each other like fools for a good thirty seconds.
He was staring across the street at the brightly coloured marquee, but in his head the memory of that pub sprang up in full force instead, noisy and dim: "Harris" perched on a stool next to the weary, nervous Brewster, and listened to the man's rough and honest voice.
John was stunned speechless for a moment; his crossed arms slipped apart and dropped to his sides. After a few slow, disbelieving blinks, he took a different tack. "You do know why we're
He knew that trust was surely a function of their years of acquaintance, and that the respect he accorded the DI as a colleague was justified in measurable terms. Even so, he sensed that there was more to their relationship than the older man's obviously paternal attachment to him, and the mutual comfort of long familiarity. There were few in Sherlock's life to serve as a measure for comparison, and he was frankly glad of it...but Lestrade's manner around him sometimes raised the possibility that their memories stood on unequal footing.
Anna didn't think to question him; it had taken at least a couple minutes to ride on to the restaurant in their taxi earlier, but these quiet residential streets ran in only one direction. Greg walked with his arm over her shoulders, sheltering her from the intermittent bite of the chill breeze, and it seemed no time at all before they were back in front of the flat with the big, dry hydrangea in its garden.
So many things are shifting beneath Greg's feet, lately; it seems new surprises wait for him around every corner, bringing new ways to think of the future...and the past.
I'm sorry, all, but I'm going to need to take a short break from this story for a few weeks; unfortunately my (unexpected) obsession with writing my new AU chewed up all of my carefully planned lead time, and now I'm perilously close to having no chapters written ahead. :( But we're an even quarter of the way through the story, now, and all of that sweet setup leaves our characters in a fairly good spot. So hopefully this isn't too painful of a moment to step back a bit!
Sally snorted derisively. "Might have something to do with the times you threatened to have him arrested for tampering with your equipment..."
"On it." When Sally stood and leaned forward to turn over the case file, an envelope tumbled to the floor from her other papers. "Oh yeah—post room sent this up. Addressed to you."
But Sherlock had botched his trials, so thoroughly that he hadn't realised the extent of it until much later. He'd miscounted at least one of the bacteria cultures while imagining what John would say about the mess in the kitchen. He'd collected two of the timed samples late, inadvertently skewing their results because he'd been wondering whether Sarah might be better-suited to John than had originally been apparent. He'd even managed to make a mathematical error while calculating the rate of decay, distracted by contemplation of the time difference and when it might be acceptable to text. (Unforgivable. Mummy would have been appalled.)
A corner of her mouth lifted, and she brushed a stray tendril of honey-brown hair from her face as she swallowed a bite of her late lunch; John experienced a surreal flashback to the affectionately awkward days of their brief relationship. He wouldn't trade what he'd ended up with for anything in the world, but she was an undeniably lovely woman, and never more so than when she was about to say something knowing and a bit naughty.
They shared a moment of silence, until Greg shook himself and reached a hand out. "Go ahead and leave that with me, I'll put something together and ring up the magistrate after lunch, yeh? Meantime, do some digging. I wanna know where Mitchell keeps himself, these days."
nervous, he realised: throughout the day's activities, he had been chewing over the woman's advice, and considering how best to approach a discussion with John on the matter of their relationship. So far he had managed to remain silent on the topic, and focus on the arguably more important tasks at hand pertaining to their case; still, the window of comfortable delay was dwindling rapidly. If Sherlock failed to bring the subject of last night's kiss up himself, it would be sure to come up in a manner that would be unacceptably beyond his control.
"Sherlock," murmured John, reaching out to pull him down. He tasted the rain that gathered upon their lips, mingled with the tang of blood washing from his face and the slightly night-sour flavour of the man's kiss. "Oh, love. I'm okay, my love, we're okay," he spoke into Sherlock's suddenly desperate mouth, clinging to him, heedless of the cold rain beginning to soak them both through.
Thankfully, it appeared that John had decided to overlook the snappish remark—or, at least, he hadn't yet been provoked to outright anger. It seemed a near thing, though, judging by the movements of his fingers.
from the bedside table near her ear, a momentary precursor to the droning buzz of the alarm clock; by the time the louder sound began, Anna had already rolled quickly over to lie on her back. It took three or four more seconds for the man beside her to stir, and when he did, he lifted himself up on one elbow to reach over her head to the clock. She was ready for the groggy, careful manoeuvre, and took advantage of its predictability to catch him by surprise.
None of my new friends need to know what I heard from upstairs last night, just for instance. Dear me, I love those boys to distraction, and I'm ever so pleased...but, the
In hindsight, the explanation for his discomfiture was clear. He'd convinced himself, at the time, that his rapidly increasing fixation on John Watson was a fluke: a product of unaccustomed proximity, and of the sudden profusion of raw data that came with sharing close quarters. Though his esteem for John had grown over the course of the following year—becoming a distraction so great after his exile that it had eventually required a new definition and a full re-evaluation of his own desires—at that early stage it had been manageable, excusable.
—Sherlock had been tempted to snatch the phone from John's hands and return a message informing her that she should see to disciplining Dr Bressler, who'd clearly been taking advantage of every possible excuse to skive off work frequently. Nobody's daughter could possibly be
"No, you're right, it shouldn't. But you understand how much importance he places on your judgement."
"John, for God's sake..." Ashen and wide-eyed, Sherlock placed shaking hands on John's cheeks, curling forward and touching their foreheads together before pulling away again. "You're
"I can handle the pain, John." Without hesitation, he was already shifting and turning, willingly presenting his bound wrists.
John shrugged on his good side. As he did, he realised that his friend had begun moving beside him, pulling away to wriggle back and forth.
"Sure thing, sir." His dark eyes flashed with mirth; he was the youngest on their team by nearly five years, as well as least senior. "Any orders you want me to pass along?"
Anna sighed and tipped her head towards the ceiling. "What else am I supposed to do, Lizzie? I can't expect to maintain this place properly from four thousand miles away."
John considered that gravely, staring across at the static line of light at the entrance to the little cellar room. Might knowing they had a police detective on their hands change their treatment of him?
Sherlock guided him into the bedroom and began to help him off with the sling, frowning in unnecessary concentration. "I said, I'm not
!" A few seconds of loud celebration were shared between the brothers, then Ryan said, "Justin. First two weeks of April, think Tiff will be cool?"
—an actual poem, in florid, rhyming quatrains, on the subject of the use of gasometers to provide oxygen therapy to ailing patients.
Sarah looked back at him on her way out. "I'm glad I called you in, John. It's nice to see you so happy to be here."
"Meanwhile," Mycroft blithely continued, "Father enjoys the holiday season for its annual indulgences, above all. He takes great pleasure in shirking his doctors' recommendations during these celebrations."
"You're not worried about the things, though. If you were, I'd be catching you fondling the books and knick-knacks, not stroking the doorframes. So you can go ahead and laugh at me for picking up mystic tendencies from my yogis, but I'm convinced you're feeling a connection to the home itself."
"I..." She set down the fork, leaning back in her chair and scanning the café's ceiling for some elusive thought. "Okay, this may sound stupid to you—"
There was a little star pencilled in beside the date on John's calendar, as there was beside every third Monday.
But lately? Gone was the skittish cat, for the most part—Sherlock had grown comfortable with John's attentions, now, as long as they remained relatively constant. Between them, they enjoyed frequent contact, quietly murmured endearments, polite consistency. They ate together, and slept in the same bed; they worked cases when cases presented themselves. On John's days off, when there wasn't a case, their habit of lazing about in the bedroom—or, sometimes, the sitting room—persisted. They also made a point of discussing a few of Sherlock's Hunt stories each week in the continuing effort to resolve those discomforts between them, although their frequency and urgency had begun to drop off. Occasionally (on the average of once every nine evenings, although John tried hard not to think about the fact that it might be a specifically calculated frequency), Sherlock offered a physical encounter, generally one of a handful of types that they'd found satisfied both of their needs adequately. John couldn't complain.
"Left shoulder hurts like hell. Dislocated, probably. They coshed me over the head at least once, and my guts feel a bit scrambled."
As for John, he sternly reminded himself of his good fortune, every time a call came in that he couldn't ignore. Whenever a day off was interrupted by word of a sudden schedule change, or a four hour shift was stretched to eight at the last minute, he considered how Sarah practically bent over backwards to accommodate his needs at the slightest word. Lestrade need only text in the middle of an examination, and by the time John's next waiting patient had gone, his remaining appointments would be reshuffled and Bressler or Forsythe would be on their way in. Sherlock pouted imperiously whenever Sarah's on-the-fly scheduling inconvenienced
"Oh. I guess so..." She was itching with curiosity, but there was something intent in the way Greg was holding her eyes with his own that made her breath catch in her throat. "That makes sense," she agreed, still a little reluctant, but willing to play along.
John isn't sure what to make of Sherlock, in the weeks after. It's hard to say what's different, between them; ultimately, he may find that the real change lies within himself...
"Mm. That's too bad," John muttered absently, standing on tiptoes and cupping his hands to peer through a dark window.
a sour, astringent taste in his mouth that repeatedly resisted deletion. Still...to think that in the months since, this person and his family had spared thoughts for his well-being...
Anna's brows rose in surprise at the request. "Oh! Well, hold on, just a sec..." The phone had pulsed briefly in her hand while Brian was talking; she pulled it far enough away to see the message that had come through.
"Because, love, this is important. And I wanted us to be alone for it." He reached into his pocket and pulled out a key ring: not his own, but the little pewter TARDIS she'd used that summer. "I believe this is yours. Why don't you do the honours?"
At home, their private routine was truly pleasant. John had told Sarah that they'd had no major arguments in months, and it was true. What bickering there was generally centred over the most minor incidents: a misplaced petri dish, a mess left in the bath, a tactless observation here and there. John's temper had been a bit short just lately, admittedly—but he knew that wasn't really Sherlock's fault. Sherlock never let anything escalate beyond the level of mild snappishness, anymore, on his end of the equation.
Anna looked up from double-checking her bags' zippers, her brows pinched briefly together in confusion. "Well, of
John needs to fulfil an annual obligation at the last minute, and he's going to desperate lengths to find what he needs...but help comes from an unexpected quarter.
He saw, now, what he hadn't been willing to admit to himself on earlier reflection: he hadn't broken his alias with Brewster purely because the man had earned his eventual respect.
But Anna had immediately set herself apart from so many other women, in that she had exhibited neither blatant distaste nor sexual attraction to Sherlock upon first meeting him. Neither had she changed her opinion of him drastically once she'd talked with him more; her amused fondness for him had apparently deepened over time, but on the whole she was remarkably constant. She'd easily accepted his unique, abrasive personality almost from the start, and seemed to have understood without effort that his way of relating to emotions required a cerebral approach. As well, Sherlock perceived that she instilled a sense of harmony among his other companions, not to mention the way she and Lestrade appeared to have been formed specifically to complement one another.
"Sorry," said John. "It's this phone. It keeps cutting . . . me, ever since . . . of a minor chemical spill Sunday. Haven't . . . chance to take it in, yet."
Sally Donovan gave a perfunctory knock as she opened Greg's office door and popped her head in. "Sir?"
John looked up with raised eyebrows. "Hi. Why'd you text me asking for a progress report, when you were already on your way over here?"
Sherlock led them east on Jackson until the cumbersome, bulky base of the Monadnock building rose up on their right; pausing at the corner, he picked out the remembered image of the dark-haired gangster who'd hidden in the shadow of those nearly two-metre-thick walls, twenty months before. He visualised the outline of the man, the faint glint from the streetlights that had reflected just enough off the knife he'd held to warn of his presence in time; and then, tilting his head just slightly, he brought John Watson into his frame of view—afternoon sunlight tipping his hair with white-gold as he craned his neck up at the unique shape of the brown brick skyscraper, a content smile playing across his lips. A moment's concentration, and the edges of the murderer blurred and smeared away into the dark bricks like smudged chalk; the shadows of the rainy midnight scene were replaced by this bright winter's day.
"It's got to be April, as far as we can tell," Greg answered. "Visa laws. We have to do it within a certain amount of time after she enters the country, and that'll be the week of Christmas, so... Early April, I should think. First or second Saturday."
one were to presume that in the genesis of a romantic relationship, some underlying aspect of friendship was necessarily lost—complying to some twisted law of conservation of emotional energy—
She held it in successfully, right up until the moment he cleared his throat and said, "When I say 'old friend', well—"
It was a bright, crisp Sunday afternoon; birdsong sounded from myriad sources unseen, and London's army of pushchair-wielding mothers was out in force upon the streets, toting their colourfully bundled progeny into overcrowded parks to take advantage of the break in November's dreary, rainy weather.
No; it was enough to accept the hypothesis that Lestrade knew things he no longer did, and somehow felt all the more attached to him as a consequence. It was enough to allow Lestrade's presence to be an occasional, if seldom utilised, comfort—to open himself, trusting and vulnerable, and to receive sincere advice in return.
There was a longer break, this time, and Anna smiled at the thought of Greg having to wait for someone to leave the room before he could pull the phone out and read her response.
His minor mission completed, he considered cutting open another box of dishes, but by then his motivation to be proactive had entirely fizzled. It was time for another pain pill, besides.
Neither of them had invited the other out to speak about it in person, not since the Wednesday after it had happened. That night, John had listened to Greg confessing how he'd lied to his fiancée—not exactly a
Greg's eyes flicked across to John's; the angry bravado had drained from his gaze, and now all John could see was a sick, fearful certainty.
"Um, I just thought you were going to say...Greg." Anna bit her lip and gestured a little helplessly as she said it. She knew she hadn't been the easiest person to live with, these last few months.
Most interesting, of course, was the source of their prison's scant light. The vertical line they'd seen from their seated positions marked a slight gap between the misaligned door and its frame on the hinge side, and they found that it was wide enough to peer through at a point somewhat above waist height. They took turns crouching awkwardly to squint into the light, before Greg fetched the bucket and flipped it over for a makeshift stool.
That instability had been a weakness that had nearly crippled him, thrown him out of his comfort zone just when things had begun to go sideways. He'd been forced to take far more of the man's support than he'd intended, and he could only be thankful that Brewster was one of those rare, trustworthy people for whom generosity and fairness came easily.
"The hairstyle has nothing to do with it," he contradicted her; she giggled and patted his arm, already searching for another likely target.
"I'll take the phone in to Mom, I'm sure she's waiting to talk to you," she said, but Kyle would hear none of it.
we're going along with Greg to the airport today. You were there when I promised to go, and I've mentioned it at least four times since!"
to be done. Two criminals dead, one seriously injured, and three arrests—you know as well as I do, any case ending in a shootout comes with a full complement of hoops to jump."
Sally smirked and waved off her concern. "Easy, just have us wear nude shoes," she said. "Or black, or cream, or whatever. Personally I don't care if it's all matchy-matchy—as long as I can wear something flattering!"
Still, there was a general air of goodwill as Sherlock crossed through the mostly-quiet bullpen on the fourth floor.
John looked over, wide-eyed, but the man was intently studying the overleaf of a musty-looking volume of Keats. "No? Then where the hell did you two get it from?"
As expected, returning to work on Monday was a trial. Greg lingered as long as he could, and Anna seemed just as reluctant to see him go; the routine of starting their day in a shared home was still new and special, in a way it hadn't been while Anna was merely a long-term visitor in his shabby, lived-in little flat. When he finally dragged himself out the door, he was too late for the Tube; Greg had to hail a cab at the main road in order to arrive at New Scotland Yard in time for his mandatory morning meeting.
was another adaptation, in itself; it was the fourth floor, for goodness' sake, and she still had trouble thinking any other way, but she was American so what did she know?). Then, not even a year later, she'd gone through the adjustment again, in a cosy and already familiar little flat full of a bachelor's knick-knacks and mismatched furniture.
The incessant April rain had spattered unheeded off the man's downcast bald head; he'd clearly broadcast frustrated fear in the slump of his thick shoulders, and despair in the way he'd plodded aimlessly along the city sidewalk. From the hidden vantage point of an alleyway fire escape, Sherlock—then "William Harris"—had peered down through folding binoculars, deducing his grandbaby's age in the stained shoulder of his shirt, his place of employment from the pin on his collar, and the reach of his position in his shoes and trouser cuffs. Within seconds, he'd determined that this gentleman provided the perfect target: someone open to suggestion, anxious for assistance, and empowered with access to exactly what he needed...and less than two hours later he'd arranged for his path to cross Brewster's, with precise timing engineered to increase the odds that the man would present his problem to a sympathetic stranger.
And the light in his eyes whenever Sherlock spoke—the way they turned, each a magnet pulled to the other's true north—the care in every word...
Their Skype call lasted only a few minutes longer, but by the end of it Greg felt as if he'd been put through an emotional wringer. Shoving his computer abruptly away to the empty side of the bed, he dragged off the dressing gown and flung it across the room with a growl of frustrated anger at himself.
"Then why? Greg wants you there, I want you there, Anna will be thrilled to see you. And I think you're pleased she's coming back, too. Besides, it's not as if you're on a case right now. You pulled all this stuff out of a box under the bed, yesterday; whatever it is, it can't possibly be time sensitive?"
, with a little preparation, rather than pop onto her screen obviously injured and send her into a tailspin of concern. That was all...
"Brian, I've got no excuse for answering like that. I'm sorry. I thought it was your brother, fooling around!"
"Just be careful to measure anything you end up picking out; it might look great in the shop, but just watch out for logistics," Sally recommended. She leaned forwards to pick up the dwindling wine bottle, refilling her glass, then topping off Anna's at her nod. "My sister Hannah bought me this
Sherlock's eyebrow twitched at the thought. It was probably best that he not dwell on alternate paths that would surely have prevented their meeting.
Hugh bent forward and kissed her hand before releasing it. "The pleasure is mine," he insisted. "So you're marrying his brother, eh? Congratulations—snagging a
rather like an ornamental cactus at times, I suppose," he mused, tapping a finger against his lips comically.
"Extenuating circumstances, yeh? We'll only have to worry about this the once," Greg chuckled, snagging the end of the scarf that poked from the outer pocket of her handbag and deftly arranging it around her neck. "Chilly out there tonight, love. Right, I think we're ready to go! Lead the way, John..."
He felt relieved, somewhat, at having brought himself to confide in Lestrade. He hadn't at all planned to do so, of course. In the sixteen months since he'd returned from his exile—from his Hunt, as he and John had agreed to term it—his tendency towards high emotion, both positive and negative, had become exponentially less predictable. Most of that centred around John and occurred in his presence, which was certainly to be expected, and in those instances it was generally acceptable. But when John himself was the source of upset, and was neither available nor suitable to approach with such problems, Sherlock usually pushed those feelings mercilessly inwards. It rarely occurred to him to do otherwise...yet he
"I've used my brilliant bloody head to figure out where those faked Euros were picked up, and what better way to follow that up than to go on in alone and search out the proof? Especially if there's any chance at all someone's waiting to
—he yelled "Down, Greg!" and wrenched himself out of his captor's loosened arms, diving towards the floor as shots rang out on both sides.
Mycroft considered his answer briefly. "Tedious. Mundane, saccharine. Excruciating. Yet...oddly restorative."
"Hey, John, wait up," Greg called, sidestepping a few oncoming nurses and orderlies and half-jogging to overtake him.
"Ah. And have you managed to find anything?" Mycroft pointedly looked him up and down, and John crossed his empty arms defensively.
Amanda laughed. "You want to take it? Okay, slugger, go on. Go give the phone to Grandma in the kitchen, all right?"
Greg's interest turned to mild confusion as he pulled a single item from the box. Unwrapping it revealed a figurine of coloured resin, about a handspan tall: an old stone church, complete with a quaint tower and round-arched windows. It was beautifully detailed; the moss-covered roof over the nave, the contrasting patterns of the stonework, and the bright blue of the doors had all been meticulously painted by hand.
Sherlock hesitated. He looked down at the box in his own arms, which bore postage labels marking it received from Chicago. "Out with what?" he muttered, distracted.
In the moment of silence that followed this statement, the detective's mind whirled with questions. John's eyes were still fixed upon the sight of their two pairs of feet on the glass, and that brought up one more sudden doubt.
Anna nodded, chuckling. "Don't worry, I know you've grown out of refusing to care of yourself." As she ran warm, soapy water into the sink, a thought floated up to the surface of her mind, popping into her awareness as delicately as the bubbles.
"He's not a part of the panelling, you know," Liz commented. She laid the magazine facedown in her lap.
"Hmph. Well, there's all sorts of things we need to keep track of, against possibility of future audit." She sat back on her heels to stretch as she explained. "Shift logs, personal expenses, phone messages, procedural memos...Every team is responsible for their own record-keeping."
This worrying thought compelled him to break the spell of silence. Shifting his weight unconsciously onto the balls of his feet, he reached out and placed a gentle hand upon his friend's shoulder.
Sherlock stepped out into the hard grey glare of the sunshine outside New Scotland Yard, feeling oddly lighter than he had when he'd gone in just minutes earlier.
"Right." John's tone suggested he didn't quite believe the dismissive statement, but he didn't press the point.
His voice was husky and rough, too, as he replied, "All right, sweetheart. I'll be dreaming of you."
John remained still in the armchair long after the scone was eaten and the whiskey drained. He gazed at the dim contours of the thinking figure until his eyelids were drooping, scratchy with drunken exhaustion. As he sat, hardly breathing, enthralled by his partner's otherworldly presence, his own thoughts drew slow, heavy circles in his mind, gradually descending into an uneasy white blank...
"So," said Sherlock, "shall I list off the information we require? We'd hate to impose too long upon your outing, this fine afternoon." He stretched his mouth into a wide, close-lipped grin as the older man turned to face him once more.
"Yeah?" Lestrade glanced over his shoulder from the shelving unit, where he was arranging a few of the glass items he'd unpacked.
By the time the three of them had loaded everything into a cab and gotten on their way, Anna was beginning to feel light-headed from hunger, and she didn't hesitate to say so.
"Not particularly." Frowning at the improbable line he had apparently drawn inside his mind, Sherlock pivoted away and continued toward the bridge, his strides lengthening as he went.
The blond laughed and turned his attentions to Greg, meeting the man's defiant glare with vicious amusement. He spoke again, and this time John heard a definite air of menace in whatever he was threatening—he drawled the unmistakable word
Whatever it was, he already knew it had to do with Sherlock. Something in that casual little chat with Sarah, something John had said that had gnawed at him afterwards...something that he'd immediately wanted to cover over, and push out of his mind...
Sherlock had to lean over her lap a bit to clearly see the girl she'd indicated. "Shagging her professor, obviously," was his dismissive verdict.
"Still what? John? John?" Greg frowned down at his mobile, and after a beat of silence it rang again.
The rational, honest side of him shouted frantically inside his head as he continued chatting, but he could find no opening to pull the casual, lighthearted conversation around, no way to force the truth past his smiling teeth.
Sherlock stood frozen at her back, utterly unable to formulate a response. When Anna finally turned and looked, he shook himself and spluttered weakly, "This is intolerable. I'll be outside, when you've finished shopping."
Sherlock had, on numerous occasions, analyzed furnishings and tableware to determine the personalities, motivations and relationships of victims and suspects. This was not much different, and in fact the mental exercise was made easier by virtue of the fact that he already knew so much of this woman's personal traits and habits. Here on the table, and in the other items which had been added to this small home since he was here less than twelve hours ago, the detective could clearly deduce many of the deeper stories behind Anna Clark. He was frankly surprised at himself for being so eager to learn them.
Sherlock shouted silently, blinking hard so that the little diamonds would stop their damnable blurring.
If SG ever lets go of my brainstem long enough for me to focus on anything else (argh), I promise I'll be getting back to French Knot. I've got some issues to work out with it, and it's giving me fits, but I promise I haven't abandoned it completely. :)
"Hm?" Anna blinked and turned her head to look into the next room, where her best friend lounged on the sofa.
The ride back from the museum was thankfully quiet, at first. Anna didn't seem upset at all by his reluctance to talk; she gazed out at the passing buildings with a wholly serene expression, clutching the paper gift bag with the handbag on her lap.
"This is rough. Regional dialect, strange slang; I can't get very much," Greg told him softly. "Sounds like...one's saying he doesn't trust the other...the other is telling him to go screw himself..."
The man squinted menacingly at each of them for long moments before making a rude, dismissive noise. Stepping back, he gestured at the ugly blond, who broke into a cruel grin and pulled a switchblade from the pocket of his jeans.
Water had begun to weigh Sherlock's hair down into his face; in the strobing blue light, his pale eyes were liquid and unsettled, flicking back and forth over John's features as if afraid to let any nuance pass him by.
It isn't a surprise to Sherlock that they get along, at least not any longer; it isn't a surprise that they can find common ground to spend a day in each other's company. What's shocking is how much he finds himself
Greg was pleased to get a few more minutes to speak with Anna, after having run the gauntlet of her family, but she was clearly distracted by the gathering. As dinnertime grew nearer, the children were becoming antsy and wild. Adorable though it was, by the time they'd suffered their fourth loud interruption they were both ready to give it up for the night.
What better examples of this, than the string of too-recent memories that still brought the taste of bile to his throat? The sight of John, dangling from the glass railing with slipping fingers, his face gone pale and panicked. The look in Lestrade's eyes, as he came to the unavoidable realisation that Anna might have been poisoned, and the unexpected churning in Sherlock's gut as he found he was mirroring at least some of the man's intense emotions. The cold, disorienting shock that had swept over Sherlock as he stood in that dark alley, reading the distinct evidence of a violent brawl that had clearly not ended well...
Intrigued by the scene playing out in his mind, the detective hardly registered the movement going on around him; he tuned out the auditory distractions completely. Objectively, of course, his eyes remained open, and so he saw Anna enter the room, loaded down with stacked dishes; he saw John eagerly jump into action to help set the table; but he let it all drift past his field of vision, unconcerned. When a place setting appeared on the mat in front of him, it simply gave him a new set of data points upon which to focus. He did so, with interest.
It was as if Greg's brain and his mouth had somehow become entirely disconnected. He certainly hadn't planned on this—sure, his sling wasn't on and his robe was closed, and that hadn't
"I've really enjoyed staying here with you, you know, Anna? This is a nice town to live in," Liz drawled in an apparent change of subject. "And you're pretty fun, when you're not in one of your mopey moods; it's like being back in our dorm in sophomore year, except without awful Erica Duncan breathing down our necks. Man, I'm gonna miss being the one on hand to witness you being so adorably clueless."
Thankfully, she spotted what she was looking for before her situation became much more urgent. Greg hadn't seen her coming, this time, to intercept her. He stood facing away towards a row of seating, blocking the view to his conversation partner with his broad shoulders as he gestured with a paper coffee cup. Even from a distance, the alert ease of his stance and the distinctive colour of his hair set him easily apart from the milling crowds in the terminal.
John smiled. "I'm not surprised you're tired. You've been working like a fiend since Saturday! When Sally told us you'd stayed home today, I honestly thought Sherlock was about to hug her."
for all that he delighted in proclaiming himself so. And after three years of mourning Sherlock's suicide had ended in such a revelation—alive, justified, determined to protect—his overall opinion of Sherlock's potential had become far more optimistic. Sometimes, though, lying awake in the depths of night, Greg could still imagine a future without the benefit of Sherlock's brilliance.
Shrugging, John moved to the cabinet and retrieved a small glass, then reached on tiptoes to the back of the shelf. He'd stashed a bit of his favourite Canadian whiskey there.
"You shouldn't worry so," Mycroft said softly, startling him. "They're hardly what you'd call picky."
"Good," John replied easily, shifting his attention to the Reuben sandwich on his red plastic luncheon tray. As he picked it up and took the first bite, the tangy aroma of sauerkraut and Russian dressing drifted across the booth; Sherlock wrinkled his nose and turned to stare out the window.
Shaken, Sherlock closed the distance between them, freely allowing his face to convey the earnest truth of his next words. "I simply don't want to
It was a rare thing, even now, for Sherlock to return the specific phrase. He preferred either subtlety or eloquence, or wordless gestures of affection, depending on his mood. But it felt right, felt
When Lestrade brought over two mugs, perching wide-legged on his own stool, Sherlock's tongue was still frozen. Images of John sitting in his place flickered before his eyes, the green ceramic morphing into pint glasses and back again.
So she sat in the idling cab and watched the two men walk through the low wrought iron garden gate. The brittle, papery husks of the hydrangea's summer blooms verged close on one side of the short walkway, showering tiny dry petals into the wind as her bulky luggage bumped and caught against them. When Greg stepped into the enclosure around the doorstep, he seemed to disappear briefly into deep shadow, leaving John alone on the walk; illogically, Anna found herself holding her breath in the moments until light appeared within the open doorway and the bay window.
Somewhere along the way, Anna realises that she's said goodbye to her home once and for all. But there's a new one here for her, ready and waiting; stepping into a new life leaves little room for regrets...
After his risky mission had been finally accomplished and the time had come to move on—with newly coloured hair and the alias of "Scott Seward"—he hadn't reminisced upon the host he'd left. Had Anna not required assistance, he would not be here; he might not have revisited the events of that week at all, beyond the unpleasant wakings with
?" John rolled towards the centre without thinking as he said it, and caught himself with a hiss of pain that watered his eyes as he turned over quickly to face the opposite direction.
Greg's eclectic collections of glass items and books had more space, here in the new flat, and he'd done his best to spread them out pleasingly, but he'd been careful not to fully accessorise any of these rooms before Anna moved in. It was time for her to take over, now, and help him make this place into a home that would reflect both of their personalities, together.
The skirt was suddenly fascinating, again: meeting Lestrade's earnest eyes for more than a few seconds felt akin to staring into the sun.
Over their time together, Sherlock had become well-versed in reading that expressive face, giving it a level of attention he lavished upon no one else. It provided endless variety, a world of minutiae to be discovered in each muscle and line—a window into the incredible, admirable heart of John Watson. He had scrutinised that face under every circumstance he'd been able to feasibly observe or arrange: at meals, napping in his armchair, tired from work and fresh from the shower, before dates with various women—and often during them, as Sherlock couldn't resist a little fieldwork now and again—and he'd noted and collated each infinitesimal variation of expression with great care.
all this, anyway?" Sherlock asked, tipping himself upright in the chair again and reaching out for the papers she'd indicated. "Physical case records are kept elsewhere; do you keep duplicates, even after they're entered into the computerised records? That would be inefficient."
Save the snide remarks; I'm not even talking about my head. (No picnic, admittedly. I've had worse.)
Chatting with Anna's youngest brother was far less emotionally affecting. They started with jovial small talk, during which Ryan gave him the rundown on the first of the day's two American football games, and he made a valiant attempt to follow along. The second game was well underway, and from the sounds of things, Justin was quite invested in its outcome; periodically, a hoot or shout of excitement interrupted them, and if the action was good enough, Ryan joined in, too.
Perhaps half an hour later, Greg was chewing on the inside of one cheek, struggling to compose a comment that described Sally's quick temper in decidedly mild terms, when the door was flung open with a startling bang.
John turned to face forward, and they sat for a few minutes in silence, taking stock of their dismal situation.
Today's work had gone smoothly, hours slipping past amongst the fast-moving details of a routine but engaging murder investigation, closed in a clean sweep. There were times when handling such a simple case felt like a let-down, but this one had struck the perfect balance: each piece had fit into place tidily, his team had split and regrouped with perfect coordination, and he and Sally had worked together as if they'd shared one mind.
He nodded, satisfied with his efforts. "I'd best get going. I wouldn't want to keep John waiting..."
He felt one corner of his mouth twitching downwards and stilled it, steadying his focus through the end of the line.
The next hand-off put Anna's mobile into Amanda's hands, for a minute or two of genial pleasantries plus a short conversation with Kyle. The five-year-old wasn't in the most cooperative of moods, though; after an adorable thirty seconds or so of halting answers to prompts, his mother decided it was time to move on.
Dipper was still rigid gripping the katana and looked like he wasn’t going to sit unless someone forced him to so I sighed annoyed I was always the one trying to unwind this kid due to his habit of winding himself up so tightly and not knowing how to let things go always letting his emotions speak for him. The very thought of that personality leaving a sour taste in my mouth. I got up and uncurled his hand from the sword, letting I drop at his feet and nudged him in a chair before returning to my own.
-It takes even minor interest for Dipper to become comfortable telling you about his adventures with the supernatural
The man whose name I was assuming was Mycroft gave an almost snide smile to Sherlock and asked: “I don’t ever recall you being interested in the fine arts what brings you out today I can only assume it’s a case though I am baffled why a case would bring you to the London art museum?”
I frowned and elbowed Bill in the ribs here a soft noise of pain, and he gasped “Joking Pinetree it was a motherfucking joke she is only a small D she forced me to measure her boobs before she went bra shopping.”
I heard him sigh and saw him lean back as he said in a soft voice, “You’re not exactly a ninja Pinetree.”
I chuckled, “Honestly I am usually the one who has to educate Grunkle Ford on societal etiquette since like I said he hasn’t been among humans in quite a while so giving romanticism pep talk to a guy in his early thirties is a breeze compared to explaining to an almost seventy-year-old man that eating any species feline meat is considered inhumane in America and most other countries only to get a question like “Who made that up in X dimension we made everything with feline meat though ours weren’t domestic or that tiny and had we had to cook it a certain way or they were toxic.” So yeah, it’s not a question of wisdom since I have never had a boyfriend. It’s more a matter of what I have learned with a bit of my opinion.”
His voice was smooth and rich like expensive dark chocolate, and I found myself at a loss for a response and stupidly stuttered out, “Y-you look a lot d-different than last time.”
The man giving Sherlock the annoyed expression snapped “I told you I needed a quick shower you could have waited an extra ten minutes.”
Sherlock slid me a picture that looked grainy, but my jaw tightened at the image. It was Mabel walking next to a tall man in a blue trench coat and a top hat walking with a cane. I tried to keep my face passive as I started to feel what I thought was a dream last night was turning out to be painfully real.
Part of me just wanted any reason not to sit in her apartment more than I had to, mainly remembering what Bill said last night.
My scowl didn’t change or lighten even though a stranger just defended Grunkle Ford and said: “Regardless if my uncle’s research is strange or not doesn’t give you brother and excuse to be a crap human being to him…or you.”
We came upon the art museum to see it appeared surrounded by cop cars Sherlock narrowing his eyes and scanned the crowd like he was looking for someone when he finally walked forward towards a rugged man with salt and pepper hair surveying the scene with an irritated look on his face.
John looked at me weird, and Sherlock gave an amused chuckle as John pointed to his sweater and said: “No one of these. Have you never worn one of these before?”
I had to admit that it was weird, but I couldn’t think some random flat ass salesperson could have made off with Mabel. Bill also seemed to be hiding something, but for now, I moved onto another thing that had been bothering me.
John looked like he was thinking and asked: “You wouldn’t happen to be related to that young woman in the flat next to us. I believe she said her name was Mabel.”
I tried to repress the urge to shiver, knowing I would have to go back to sleep there tonight, seeing as what flimsy pride I had would not allow me to beg Sherlock and John to sleep in there flat. We finished our small breakfast and headed out to the first shop, which turned out to be a book store. It looked like a vintage one since all the books were ancient-looking some in protective glass cases.
Okay, Bill was honestly full of shit right there and I spun on his lap and pinned him swearing I heard a low moan at the force but ignored it looking him directly in the eye and said: “Bill I am going to say this once and once only you want to apologize to me lying to me again is not a good start.”
I sighed, figuring he would back me in a corner with no way out but blunt honesty. I hated gambling almost as much as I hated reliving this story, and now I was forced to do both. I knew for a fact that neither of them would believe a single word of my story, but honestly, the worst they could do was call me crazy and tell me they weren’t going to help.
I pressed harder against the wall waiting about five minutes when he sighed again, “Alright, I’m game for hide and seek.”
He nodded as I gave him my phone number in case he got lost and watched him leave closing the door behind him as John breathed out slowly. “What the hell did we just get ourselves into?”
Lestrade nodded. “Yeah, the curator was livid saying that it was one of a kind and costed a fortune after they finally settle on a price with the old guy who said he owned it.”
I couldn’t help but shrink when Sherlock looked at me only to respond, “No. Of course, your not the first one who has posed that question to us though might I ask, seeing as you’re the only one I have ever considered to elaborate on their assumption that John and I appear romantically involved what makes us appear like we are in a relationship?”
Bill snickered “Polysexual to be exact only thing I am not into is cisgender females so don’t worry Dippindots the big bad demon wasn’t trying to make a move on your sister though I became the little spoon a lot in bed seeing as she would hold me from behind thinking it would help my nightmares though nothing says good morning like a pair of double D titties pressed against your bare back.”
The demon looked up with pink blood dripping down his face as Dipper held one of the most satisfied and slightly off-kilter smiles I had ever seen sneering at the beast “Had enough, Bill?”
I looked around. “Not that you’re probably going to tell me cause Bill didn’t seem in a sharing mood either, but how are you and Bill related? I got him to admit your family, but yeah, things kinda went south in our first conversation?”
Sherlock leaned into John and said softly, “You expect me to give up just because I that thing told me to John? I have just stumbled upon a case that promises something fascinating and utterly eye-opening, and you want me to back down cause some blued eyed specter is getting rattled we are getting involved. Demons are messengers of the gods, not gods themselves, so I will not bow to one like he is such regardless of him being more powerful than me. We humans have a magic of our own it called science and a working mind despite how many people can’t seem to use it.”
What little she could see of his shoulders seemed to tighten—he'd placed himself fairly close to his screen, the last few times they'd spoken—and he glanced uncomfortably to one side as he answered, "Er, thanks love, but...not tonight, okay?"
"It's all there. The unique contaminant in the wounds, the rate of bacterial infiltration; it provides a true and testable chronology! Beaux had an alibi for the time of
thought Sherlock. He studied Brewster's cheerful profile, and his mind was drawn back to the wet, dreary spring of 2013, when the detective had first taken notice of him.
"Or both," Mycroft agreed. "It's a simple enough solution to your problem, unless you feel the desperate need to infuse the occasion with your typical excess of sentiment."
Her wide smile threw amused creases around her eyes, and followed him out as he hurried away to deposit himself on a bench near the main doors.
Lestrade wiped his palms across the knees of his jeans, then leaned sideways into the worktop, resting his chin on his hand. "You look stuck. How about I make a guess? Stab in the dark?"
"Tedious, but not bad," John answered, smiling tiredly as he climbed the stairs. "Which I'm sure you already know."
"The stories your father told me at New Year's, about all those summer holidays with your grandparents...you're really fully bilingual?"
centrepiece design today, in the window of the florist I pass on my way to my Mum's. It made me think of you, Anna; it had these beautiful organza ribbons, trailing out all over, in a sort of dusty plum colour. Wasn't that something like what you said you were thinking of?"
"You're damn right it is," Greg hissed. He stepped up close behind the shorter man, instinctively blocking easy view of John's suspicious-looking movements. "Are you sure Sherlock's here? Doesn't look like
,"—he brushed a fingertip lightly over the hard knot distending the bicep, and John shivered—"the film you've just watched is always your go-to choice whenever you feel under the weather."
After a moment's thought, Greg walked across to his mother's tall curio shelves and tucked the figurine behind a little grouping of squat millefiori glass paperweights, giving the effect of a hilly churchyard blooming with colourful flowers. Satisfied, he scooped up the open box of clothing on the sofa and took it upstairs to sort it out.
