Sherlock’s eyes went from tiny violent slits to saucers and then back again in a split second.  It was actually fairly comical and Lestrade had to restrain from grinning, as he reached into his coat pocket and pulled out the note.  The detective’s fingers snapped it from his hands, nearly tearing the paper.  Those eyes inspecting the note and grew wide once more, as he whispered, “It’s…John.”
The blond was seeming to lack his normal luster, as he flopped down onto the leather couch, outstretching his arms over the back, drawing a foot up onto his other knee, perfectly reclined. Casually he tossed the cloth onto the coffee table and smiled dazzlingly at Sherlock with a cock of his head.
The inspector flipped the heavy cardstock over in his hand, noting the laminated picture, the stubbed corner, and the ink stamp over the postage stamp.  To anyone else this note might seem legit—Lord only knew that they both had experienced Sherlock at his worst and wished to be somewhere else—yet both he and the elderly land lady, who knew the doctor fairly well, felt that it was out of character.  They did not know Mary as well, perhaps Lestrade had known her the best out of John and Sherlock’s former circle of close friends, and even he had only met the pretty blond with the bubbly yet strikingly confident personality a hand-full of times.
Sherlock twisted his head to the left to release some of the tension that was threatening to start a splitting headache and then he rose to his feet. There was no point trying to re-enter his mind palace with expectations of continuing. It had taken several hours of willing John into his mind and wandering the endless hallways and rooms of his mind palace before the other had suddenly appeared. This process had worked but at a physical and mental toll.  He felt as though he had not slept at all.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed to mere slits, as he replied, “And what is that exactly, Lestat?”
“I wish it were that simple.” The dark coffee eyes met the ice blue of his makers.
The consuming and altogether uncontrollable reactions infuriated the detective.  He grit his teeth and rushed from the café out into the cold, relieved by the cold wind that forced him to hunch his shoulders and bury his chin into the softness of the blue scarf.
"Ohhh, if you insist." The tone started as if she was about to refuse before vanishing into a certain air of accomplishment that Louis could not help but find endearing.
With reality fading in and out of focus it was a long lagging moment before Sherlock realized that Lestat had left off him. The material world had faded to the thunder of his heartbeat, too numb now to feel much of anything else. There was a voice that sounded as if in a tunnel.  He thought he recognized it but—it was impossible.  Then there was shouting as he struggled against the blackness and the flashbulb-white his vision had become. Something whizzed past him, the breeze tousling his dark curls. It was critical he stay awake.  If he succumbed to the impending darkness he would not recover consciousness again. There had been too much blood now lost, too much trauma, and his body’s reserves were gone.
The eyes had left him just as quickly as they had caught his gaze and then the detective’s lips pressed into a thin line.  It was an almost restless expression, as kin too nervous as the detective might ever demonstrate.  It was something that the doctor was not familiar with on the thin features of the other man’s face.  John watched him sigh, so heavily that the fringe of curls that feel over his forehead to the right danced about his drawn brows.  Sherlock gave way from his stillness, his shoulder slouching back to rest against the jam, the taller man’s body coming to closely mirror John’s.  Eyes met and then parted, the brilliant gaze studying the street again with a false earnest.
Mycroft smiled his smarmy high-nosed thin lipped smile, those dark dull eyes peering down at him, as he came to stand by David.  “The same could be said of you, Doctor Watson.”
detective will solve the case, that is, once he’s back in his right mind.  So many questions and we have Louis to thank for bringing us all together.” Lestat turned then and left, not bothering to lock the door to the small cottage on his way out.
It made sense that immortals would have access to obscene amounts of wealth. If they lacked the business savvy that this 'Armand' had, then they could just as easily take what they wanted with their speed and strength. Lestat had moved so fast at times that he could not be tracked by the limitations of the human eyes ability to process movement. It would be child’s play to snatch money or items of value from the unsuspecting or to simply line one’s pockets with the wealth of the victims they choose to sustain them.
"Louis? Is everything alright? You sound stressed." There was a short pause, "It's Lestat again I am sure. What new hell has he stirred up?"
– The cases with blood loss –
The other man’s body seemed to tense at that and Sherlock watched him slowly turn back, just a degree.  There was a flicker of his eyes but the detective was unsure if he had moved or not.  Once more his eyes were trained on the wet glass.    His hand was instantly up—the detective had blinked and missed the movement—and his fingers massaged at his temple, discomfort slightly apparent on the hard features.
“There are many gifts that vampires may come to wield with age and bloodline.  Unfortunately, Lestat has many of these, combustion amongst the least of our worries.” David replied with a small smile to the corner of his lips.  “Far worse is what you have already witnessed, his inability to keep from meddling.”
Silence again.  Then a mumble, something that sounded close to, “it will be night soon.”  Lestrade was trying to decide if he really did want to return with Anderson or not.  It was late in the day and he could really use a beer.  The last thing he wanted to do was admit that Sherlock had gotten him with that damned old bate and switch maneuver and then head back here for a drugs bust at Baker Street.
“His name is Louis, Sherlock.”
"Sherlock Holmes and John Watson! You’re right! You knew exactly who I was talking about—I love that about you!" Her friend squealed, causing a few others to glance up and draw attention away from the other girl. The rounder faced girl was definitely the more animated and dramatic of the two. John focused instead on his tea cup, as his eyes met Louis’ and the two continued to listen with interest.
It took the fledgling vampire the better part of thirty minutes to return to the town where he and Sherlock had spent the day. Turns out the fight had taken them all the way into the Ardennes.  A good thing too or many people could have witnessed their immortal duel, or worse yet been hurt.  He was exhausted and although it had only taken him what he had thought was seconds to reach Lestat, he realized now that it had been slightly longer. Furthermore, he was unable to move at that speed now. He was still faster than most mortals could account for, but to him it was loathsomely time consuming and painful. His body had heeled but it was still aching. His muscles ached and burned, making the trek back grueling.
Sherlock had also felt that Louis de Pointe du Lac also knew who the attacking party was.  It had been this vampire after all that had taken it upon himself to ‘save’ John or whatever you wanted to call it.  Regardless of the imprisonment and everything else that may have transpired between the vampire and the doctor in that penthouse the end result was still the same.  John was gone.
It was then with great surprise that the detective felt the hot sting of tears moisten his lashes and as they slipped down his cheeks his covered his face with the union jack pillow to hide his shame for openly weeping them.  This is what Mycroft had meant, had warned him would happen, was the reason he wanted Sherlock to save himself from.  How had he known, the Ice Man?  Sherlock was damn sure his elder had never loved another, was not capable of anything of the sort…Yet, before John, would he have not thought the same thing of himself?  Did not others still?
Louis foot gently nudged his and the soft whisper of his voice filled John’s mind, ‘John, you mustn’t stare so.’
Greg nodded, looking concerned and suspicious.  “Yeah, in fact, now that you mention it she did.” He admitted.  “Fuckin’ suspicious, if you ask me.”
The vampire was headed back down the street to his destination, as there came a long suffering sigh from the other end of the receiver.  “Louis, you really should not involve yourself in his affairs.”  The other vampire said, both sympathetic and patronizing, “You do not have to follow him around cleaning up his messes.”
“Yes?” Sherlock prompted briskly and without hesitation
Smiling, he reminded himself that the death was more fun this way and it was most amusing to have John glaring at him from across the body bag, those dark blue depths warning him to cut the grin and be serious—this was a crime scene.
Marisa was not intimidated by him.  Her eyes were narrowed in fury and her mouth was set in a rigid thin line, as she glared up at him.  “You’re not ready and you fucking know it.” She spat back standing up from her own chair.  She pounded a finger into his chest, as she argued at him in a hiss, “If I let you go now, you wouldn’t make it.  You have no idea how dangerous this thing is that you are playing with.”  She stepped away, brusquely jarring him with her shoulder as she went.  The slight was more powerful than he had anticipated of such a petite figure and he stumbled back as she walked past him.  “A few more days, then you will have recovered enough of your blood, your strength, and then you may go.”
Sherlock’s mind was racing, roaring like the charge of a hurricanes winds, working to analyze this strange deranged man that plagued him.  He wished to strip the man of his motive, his intentions, his reasoning, in order to garner what he really was up against.  Yet his mind refused to focus, distracted by the game, by the threads his deductive skills could find running in every direction, by the naked form revealed before him.  To refocus his wayward mind, Sherlock slipped his hands into his pockets and proceeded to inquire, “And then what are the rules to this game and what is it exactly that you expect to win?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically and gave a loud gusty sighed.  He popped the collar of his coat a little higher and bade waspishly to his irritating sibling, “I don’t have time for your cloak and dagger mysteries.”
"Hello, John." The man was slenderer, shorter, with a more angular cut to his cheeks. The long straight black hair that he had expected was shockingly contrasted by perfect ringlets of blond that framed similarly pale perfect skin and settled around his shoulders. The eyes that looked at him were made up of mesmerizing icy blue shards, dappled with cobalt, and the look in them immediately had John backing away, as the very real terror of the predator in the doorway set in.
When the cup was lowered with the soft tinkle on the saucer and his expression remained unchanged, the mirth in her eyes faded to annoyance. With a puff of exasperation, she rolled her eyes and made a flippant gesture with her hand in his direction.  “Whatever. You don’t have anyone fooled, least of all me.”
But it was Sherlock that completed him.
Everything centred in that small area, mouth and hands driving him insane as Sherlock sucked, and pumped and rolled. “Please,” John didn’t care that he was begging. “I can’t-” he arched and strained, a sharp cry escaping as the third finger slid all the way in.
liberty to discuss them!” John exploded, throwing his arms up into the air, as he shook his head and rolled his eyes.  This was exactly the kind of extortion that he had thought would be behind him and here he was, still in the thick of Mycroft’s scheming and spying.
Today was no different.  As he entered the mind palace the blank white space in his mind’s eye was transformed into the very simple morgue at St. Bart’s hospital.  He walked into the space as though he were a separate part of it, as though he were actually striding into the hospital morgue itself.  There was a body on the steel table and Molly awaited him.  Her dull colored eyes widened with the sight of him, as if this were a typical exercise between the two of them.
The mortal had intended to wake before his cohort, as much to appear that he had not failed in his vigil as to take up the post once more. He was surprised to be woke by a soft nudge at his shoulder, followed by the press of cool lips against his temple and then his mouth—sending him into a dazed state, lost between the memory of such pleasing wake-up calls in the past, the thought of it all being a dream, and the very real sense that this was unbelievably his reality once more. It took him a moment to shake the disorientation, which all but vanished the instant he sensed the vampire’s palpable trepidation, of which he had meant to alleviate with his failed vigilance.
“What is it, John?” Sherlock demanded. His focus remained almost entirely fixated on the lean stretch of hard muscles on the exposed torso.
"You're loony," John scoffed, waving a dismissive hand at the detective.  "It's just a bloody dream, same as any.  I will probably wake up to find you staring at me through the damned lens of that camera you set up."
Mrs. Hudson came to the door and he was relieved to hear the lock slide back before she opened it.  Again they exchanged polite salutations before he followed the woman into 221A, where she already had a pot of tea steeping on the kitchen table.  He took off his coat and shoes, taking a seat at the table, as she poured him a cup.  The note and the post card were out on the table.
Sherlock opened his mouth and paused before speaking lowly. “It took you long enough to figure this out, now shut up.” With that simple statement his arms wrapped around John and pulled him back down to the bed.
Mycroft had far more stamina than Lestat had initially given the mortal man credit for.  The moments of passion stretched on and on.  Lestat enjoyed them more and more as the time needed had come to pass and with a last shuddering cry, Mycroft arched his back and climaxed, just as Sherlock burst into the room with a shout that became a dry swallow. Flushing in indignation he made a guttural noise of disgust, as he assessed what he was truly seeing before recoiling.
John moved to the glass and metal railing that ran the perimeter of the large patio.  He braced his elbows and leaned on its edge, taking it all in, the dizzying height, the noise of the busy city streets below, and the gloom of the grey sky that threatened the populous with yet more rain.  It wasn't his first time on the sky high balcony, he had explored the entirety of the suite much earlier, but this was the first time that he enjoyed it.  It really was beautiful, the view, the stone work, and just knowing that he was probably as high over London as one could possibly enjoy.  He sipped at the coffee, slowly wondering for the hundredth time, 'why'.
Nothing.
That thought was reinforced as the man’s legs tightened around him and Sherlock shifted forward to begin working on the muscles in his shoulders. “My God,” John gasped out as a knot released and he relaxed even further into the ministrations of the other man.  He lost all sense of time as the genius worked him over, fingers sliding up his neck and stroking and kneading the tense muscles.
This was an incredibly annoying set back and not at all what he had hoped to experience. There was sure to be more fallout once John awoke. Sherlock looked over towards the deathly still form on the bed. John’s body was in a similar position, only having shifted slightly here and there.
John had never seen that expression on his friend’s face before. Those amazing lips quirked slightly, glistened with the same oil as on his back. He leaned forward, one hand threading into the dark curly locks before closing the small distance between them. Their lips crashed together, hard and demanding, opening to fight with tongues. He groaned at the feel, taste, and scent of the younger man, cock pulsing as he thrust up.
John walked a sedate pace, trying to block out all the voices screaming through his mind and zero in on one specifically. He went through them like one might sift sand through a screen, leaving behind only those that qualified. It was an inhuman way of explaining something as feral and savage as it was, but the more he hunted and fed, the more wonted the practice became. Instinct it seemed like, a natural stirring that pushed one to act beyond their own volition, and when John finally found one in his screen, he did not hesitate.
“Come off it!” He growled, as the woman was snorting apologies through her laughter. Her counterpart had gallantly come to her rescue and pulled her quickly off the fallen man, cooing at her to ensure she was not harmed and offering to kiss it and so much more, better. Neither of the two offered assistance nor paid any mind to the fallen man who was rising stiffly from the sidewalk. He assessed his own state of being, all the while aggressively dusting off the grime and slush that was now soaking into his blue-jeans.
The man’s gaze scanned the bright city lights that stretched out around him like a tangled web of electricity.  Why had he not asked about her?  Where was Mary?  Was she okay?  Was she searching for him?  Then he thought of someone else.  It had been as natural a progression for his thoughts as it had been to consider his fiancé’s well-being and yet the after effect it had on him made him cringe.
He didn’t get what he wanted. All the detective was able to offer, was an affirmation that left John’s disconcertion unappeased. “I as well.” He said, with earnest.
When Lestrade recalled the first time he had seen the two men back together, he remembered seeing that broken John again—not shattered anymore but wounded—the deep kind that healed but would forever burn and ache.  The second time they had seemed more themselves, as though pieces were shifting back into place, and their friendship was working more smoothly.  In the end, if it had not been for Mary’s unquestioning faith in Sherlock and the detective’s genius-quick mind, John would have burned to death in that pyre.
They chatted about performances they had each seen recently and in the long history of their immortal lives. Armand shared a story of a time when he had snuck away from the Coven of the
“Want Sherlock.” John closed his eyes as his world slanted, or maybe that was him simply rolling onto his back. “Sherly! Come out, come out, wherever you are!”
The sound of footsteps on the stairs to the flat warned the detective of the inspector’s approach before the man ever became visible through the open doorway.  The dark brown eyes roamed the mess Sherlock had just created before the two of them eyed each other, both calculating what Lestrade would say about it.  The Irishman decided to keep it simple, greeting the other man with a simple, “Good mornin’ then.”
John’s weight fell forward against Sherlock and he was forced to look away from the retching demon. His hand was still finding its way out of the body cavity, as the feral snarls covered the coughing and hacking from the other man.
“Hardly,” Lestat spit. “The little shit showed up when I was about to turn Sherlock. That same night I had brought John into our fold, I had done so as a gift for Sherlock. Then when I was nearing the point where the man could not have survived without our blood that demon showed up and broke my hold.”
He had worked up an appitite and was not done with his house guests. There was a vicious part of him that was satisified at his lust for violence as of late. It could be easy to get carried away and subsiquently he tried to learn valuble lessons from his prevous adventures. Lately though, he had scortched more then just Louis shirt, it was not the first time in the the recent past that his temper had caused items to smoke or catch flame. An occurance that was unsettling at the best of times but was also becoming more and more frequent.
There was soft pop and then only the broken and weeping form of the vampire Lestat remained in the black space, with only the sound of his quiet sobs.
The creature did not skip a beat, never able to pass up an opportunity to deride.  "Such poetry!” he crowed, pointing at the detective, “you would have fit well in the Victorian era. All romance and verse.”  The vampire’s tone shifted and pityingly, he continued, “You should have just taken my offer in the first place and maybe your little doctor would not have suffered so.”
Sherlock glared askance at the vampire and shrugged, "The experiment still effective."
The moment passed and the vampire left the small cottage walking out into the night, leaving the consulting detective behind to recover.
A cacophony of emotions flooded through him but they caught fire and melted into only the need for the man in front of him.
“Now it’s a he?”
The curtains at the foot of the bed were raked back by what seemed like an invisible force.  The immortal moved so quickly that John even had trouble tracking him and suddenly the detective’s throat was in the vampire’s clutches.
“Alright.” David’s tone was soothing, “You look like you need rest. Would you care to stay at my accommodations? I have a few errands I must attend to but I can meet you there afterwards and should you wish it, we can talk further.” Lestat looked pained and quickly David followed it by adding, “Or we can leave it for the time being but I am sure that you will also have questions once you are feeling ready to ask them.”
John only slightly remembered everything that transpired yesterday during the visit from his captor, the American neighbor Mrs. Hudson had rented 221C out to.  That in itself had come as a shock and then had transitioned into something more like
Her mouth moved from its thin line with a quick rake of her top teeth, before they pursed.  She was smart enough to figure this out.  Finally, after only a moment of deliberation, she answered, “He didn’t tell me that he was dead.”
Her hand was on his shoulder, a gently pressure that moved along the muscle up to the side of his face, cupping his cheek. Her eyes scanned his face, tender and loving. She didn’t tell him that it was okay, that he was safe. Her face said all that in this one expression. Mary was too cheeky to say sweet protective acknowledgments as those. The dream came often enough that when she would wake him from it, they savored the moments together, when their eyes would meet, and their sleepy smiles would beam, and then she would ruin it with some comedic comment that made them both chuckle.
John pushed away from the store window with a huff of frustration and began to shuffle his way back home again. He needed to figure out what he was going to do about this and soon. He doubted that he would ever fully understand why his friend did anything, this included, and especially not after the amount of alcohol he had consumed tonight. The man was too smart for his own good, thinking so many moves ahead of everyone else that the game was already done before he had even set the first piece down.
"So, there is no way off this tiny isle and the two of us are stuck together until the vampire returns." the detective volleyed, intentionally dropping the bait for the girl.
“Lestat left me in the far reaches of the Hebrides to recover from the blood loss I had sustained at his hand in the penthouse. Moriarty made it clear that he was not to turn me so to keep me alive I had to take several transfusions. I’m not sure how he accomplished that. He also gave me a nasty drug cocktail to keep me docile. It was enough to send me back through withdrawl, which was not in the least bit pleasant. Marisa was my Keeper.” Sherlock explained, eyes telling of a struggling time that he did not really want to recall. “I have no idea where Lestat was during that time. I was with her there for several weeks. She had a small croft and was conducting an evaluation on a colony of puffins. We spoke little. Argued mostly. And when the damned vampire finally returned for me, she took her pay, and we left.”
Sherlock watched the doctor rub his hands over his face in a cleansing motion, the emotion and exhaustion blatantly apparent on his features, as he pushed a heavy breath from his lungs.  The detective did not blame his comrade for his bafflement.  The body that had been inexplicably deposited on the door step to his Baker Street flat was quite the exquisite conundrum and the man was more than excited to have the lovely distraction along with the company of his former lover.
"Please explain how my 'caring' will increase the likelihood of finding them.  Caring is an emotional disadvantage that harbors only weakness in those stupid enough to cling to it." His retort was short and stinging. Pushing away from the wall he had been leaning against, he threw the butt of his cigarette on the ground and squashed it under the toe of his shoe with a twist.
Moriarty stuffed his hands into the pockets of the dark slacks, his head lolling slowly downward and to his other shoulder. Those dark eyes seemed to keep on him through this entire movement, sending chills through John like nails driven into him. It was disconcerting to be here with this monster and not know if it was truly him or some other unknown foe.
Being a vampire, David would harbor little fear from the agent.  He was far faster and stronger, as well as impervious to most known human means of death.  The Elder Holmes stopped himself, leaning an elbow on the sill of the car window to prop his chin in, as he watched the building.  That was a bald-faced assumption and assumptions were dangerous.  Perhaps not all the agents met his definition of human.  One could ascertain from becoming aware of vampires and possibly demons that any human organization that planned on watching such creatures must also employ above-human qualities in some form or another.  The secret organization certainly did a good job of remaining under the radar, even to high profile government liaisons, such as himself.
“Oh, Louis,” he said to himself, with a deep dark chuckle, “you really have been busy.”
“Lestat...” the words died on his lips with the rush and roar of wind howling in his ears as they were swept away by the will of his makers other-worldly powers.
David could see Mycroft move to his right and glanced askance at the elder mortal.  He leaned forward, knitting his fingers together, as though he were negotiating a diplomatic meeting—in many ways it was just as tenuous—and raised his head high.  In his most notably public school voice, he intoned politely, “What exactly is it that you want with my brother?  Perhaps we could come to an accord—,”
John was frustrated by how things were going between them. Their entire conversation tonight had begun to go wrong from the first time he opened his mouth. He didn’t know how to get it through the bloody man’s head that he wanted to try this, whatever this was, with him. Temper beginning to boil to the surface he snatched the detective’s wrist when the man tried to shoulder past him to get to the door.
“Exactly, my point.” Came the more light hearted response.
That acute variscite gaze thrust upwards to the window panes, his mind whispering,
–His return to Baker street –
Marisa’s hand touched his shoulder and she softly tried to apologize, “I tried to stop him. He touched the amulet.”
“Twice as much now that I see you are here as well.” Lestat’s smile was genuine despite the roguish twinkle behind the yellow tinted glasses he wore.
“Like the pipes?” he snapped, sounding a little too incredulous.
Louis could feel a slight flush rise to his cold flesh at the intensity and lust in the eyes of the other, he knew this was always just below the surface of their interactions and yet still it caught him slightly off guard. In his moment of hesitance Armand took the next move and relaxed back in his chair with an exhausted sigh.
Once more he settled himself firmly on the man, eyes locking with Sherlock’s brilliant tri-coloured eyes and began to rock his hips slowly. He trailed his palms along the exposed underside of the detective’s strong arms and wrapped his fingers around the wrists that had not moved since he had commanded it.
The detective under his right arm, had passed out, shortly after he had taken to the air with the cloud gift. He supposed in his haste, he may have traveled too fast for the blood-drained mortal to withstand. All the same, Sherlock was safe now. Safe from his own past mistakes, that had hunted and haunted him, drawing in those that he cared for most as collateral.
David reached his hand out to the lamp on the corner of the desk, flicking in on.  Warm light flooded the room and he caught Mycroft blink several times, as his eyes adjusted.  The vampire smiled warmly at his lover, as he came around the desk, leaning his backside against the ledge beside the chair the man occupied.  Mycroft attempted to return the favor but the endeavor lacked lustre.  David leaned down, drawn to the man’s plight by those lines on his brow, by the pain lingering behind those ice-cold eyes, and gently he pressed the suppleness of his youthful body against the mouth of his lover.  It was a chaste kiss, just long enough to demonstrate his empathy in place of verbalizing it, before he pulled back and informed the man, “I have met with Lestat.”
He walked around the croft to find the same scene, although this time the cliff rose sharply upwards and at its highest point was an old lighthouse.  The once manned tower was now automated, shining its beacon to warn those in the night that there was danger ahead.  It was large and close by, perhaps only few hundred meters away, and Sherlock soon realized that he was on a very small island, in the middle of the North Atlantic.  He had an idea where but he could not be absolutely certain.
John’s face gave a pinched smile.  This was the last thing that he wanted.  Why hadn’t he just run?  Lestrade would think he’d just have seen things.  Too late now.  “Hey, yeah…umm, I’m okay.  Been busy.” He replied, lamely.
Sherlock nodded, and the vampire ran his fingernail like razor across his wrist, cutting him open with a crisp crush.  The detective lowered his wrist to John’s mouth.  The blood dripped onto the still lips.
In a sudden lashing action he sent the pile on the desk flying, papers strewn in a furious blizzard of white, as he tore across the room to the coffee table.  He kicked at the low table with his bare foot, sending it over onto its side with a crash, before he leaped up onto the couch.  His fingers clawed at the wall, ripping and tearing at the clippings, print outs, and photos which he had gathered there over the last several days.
They had been waiting here already for forty minutes without a sign from Marisa.  Every minute longer was making the vampire more anxious.  Sherlock was beginning to ascertain that perhaps it would be in their best interest if John relieved himself of this tension further. It would not do either of them any good if John was this distracted.
John hooked his fingers under the waistline of the genius’s pants and began pulling both articles clothing down. The erection popped free, standing proudly, pulsing slightly and John continued his slow trek down. He kissed along the man’s hip and thigh, not quite touching the straining erection as he moved further down.
It was a short lived freedom.  The doctor's exigent grasp took hold of him again with the same result, an eager pressing of mouth's that Sherlock found even harder to fight.  John was giving him what he wanted, after all, and it was hard to deny himself that desire that had blossomed within him and that burned hotter and more demanding with each touch from the other man.  His lips parted and he tasted the tongue of the other man as it came inside, lapping and tickling, as his lips caressed his own.  John had him pressed against the wall of the claw foot bath, one hand gripping the back of his neck aggressively, the other braced against the tubs edge, even as his own grasp on the man's wrists yielded. Sherlock tried not to think.  Tried only to enjoy what was his again, to take pleasure in that part of him that had been returned, renewed, and finally was completed once more.
“’Should’?” John repeated, rather incredulously.
John rose up on his toes, pointing a finger right in the creature’s chest, as he challenged, “I will tell you this!  It will take a hell of a lot more than Hollywood theatrics and a good grip!”
The grin cast up at him showed the barest hint of the sharpened incisors and somehow the predatory look made John even more desirable. Sherlock groaned and squeezed his eyes shut, feeling overloaded by his desire, his want of all of this, of John, of how he found himself in this dream and how real it all felt. John watched and felt the store brewing in Sherlock and rose to his feet, staring intently at the man he truly loved. This was real, as real as it could be and as it needed to be.
"Ah, you don't know where you are," Sherlock surmised in a single irritating statement, his fingers still busy tapping.
His own hands gripped the toned ass, squeezing the glutes appreciatively as he pulled the detective back within his own mouth without hardly any encouragement required. Sherlock's breath was a mixture of pleasurable sounds, as he rocked his hips in as gentle a rhythm as he could manage with his senses being overcome with desire and the want to spend himself in the deliciously warm mouth of the beautiful man on his knees in front of him. The long slender fingers were confused, shaking, clenching and unclenching in the short silken dirty blond hair. Alternating between gripping madly and smoothing the hair back absently as Sherlock looked down to watch the impossibly erotic sight of John swallowing his cock again and again in varying depths and rhythms.
“Right.” John said, even though it came out wobbly in the middle, lacking conviction.
The detective’s smirk flipped upside down—only for a second. Then his mouth became more of a pout, which John hated immensely—the man’s lips threw him off his equilibrium. Sherlock stepped closer, gun still proffered, “Lestrade is too lazy, and besides, I have a permit.”
"They just up and disappeared, like, a couple of weeks ago." Her face had become deathly serious and earnest, her tone dropping low.
"With the creatures that we watch." she concluded.  She took another drink and then shrugged it off, dismissively adding, "Let's just say it ain't no peace keeping mission any more."
Her small mouth curled at the corners in a restrained smile she tried to hide behind her raised mug.  Her eyes were cast away.  She was still musing now, comparing his pointed comments to her last failed relationship and the one she was currently contemplating.  Then slowly, she said, “I met John Watson once.  He was a good man.”
Caramel eyes took their time reading the days paper as David sat in the quiet café. The few other patrons were quietly enjoying their own reading materials or chatting politely amidst the low methodic sounds of remixed classical that pumped through the wall mounted speakers. His long-time home was in the midst of a huge change for the nation to which he found great distaste in the whole concept. Finishing his article he folded the paper neatly and shook his head, setting it on the table in front of his chair. Despite his choice to no longer mettle in the mortal world, he was still a part of it and like all creatures who hoped to survive within it, he needed to be aware of the environment in which he was living.
"Don't be stupid, Dr. Watson. I just explained it to you. I the wrong people find you, everyone loses." the slender fingers reached within the coat pockets and drew out a pair of dark gloves in preparation for the exterior weather yet Louis did not advance towards the door that John obstructed. Nothing about what the other was doing, his actions, manner or motive made sense.
“I do believe that it is.” David said, an opinion that Mycroft doubted he might share.  “She has no knowledge of Moriarty or more likely no access to any information that the organization may have.  She did however have information regarding Miss Mary Morstan.”
"You wouldn't be interested to get involved if there wasn't." John succinctly reminded the other that he wasn't stupid.
The vampire nodded and attempted as best as he could to fain embarrassment, to force a flush to his cheeks to ward off the man’s keen observation of his unearthly pallor.  He was made uneasy by the tidbit unintentionally released from the sealed recesses of the consulting detective’s fantastic mind.  It was a warning to be cautious.  Louis had no intention of provoking the attentions of the superior mortal.  If he did he would be forced to vacate the area, to watch from a far and in hiding, and he wasn’t ready to give that up yet.  “New Orleans, Los Angeles, New York, Miami, Chicago and many more.  I frequent where I like in America, as I have the luxury to do so freely.  Yet, as I am certain the great Sherlock Holmes has already deduced, one can grow bored and quite easily so.  London is newer to me and I am here to experience it.” He explained, in most honesty.  He gave a soft chuckle and rested his shoulder back against the door jamb of the entrance to his own flat, as he suavely amended, “I have to admit it was you yourself that persuaded me to do so.  As you have said I do have an affinity for books and reading, but also for the mind.  Your skills are most curious, Mr. Holmes.”
“I read the papers.” The remark was snooty and admonishing. “Also, John hasn't posted anything since Sherlock died—er, hold on, I have an idea.” There was the slap of the woman’s hands on the table, as John heard her friend gasp a little and steady the rattling cups. “Let's. Go. To. London!”
The younger man’s hard expression didn’t change and he didn’t respond to the words but instead gripped John’s hips in preparation to once more shoving him away.
“No, don’t!” John snapped, earning a sharp tug on his arm from the fiend that held him captive in his tight embrace.  The doctor could feel the warmth of blood spreading down his front and back from the trauma, soaking into the fabric of his button front shirt.  The pain was excruciating, worse than a bullet, but still he warned his friend, “Stay away, Sherlock.”
The cup was hot to the touch, the steam rising from the dark liquid inside evidence enough.  The man pursed his lips and found that his teeth were clenched.  He sighed again, took a cleansing breath, in-out, and sat back in his chair.  He rested his right elbow on the padded arm, his palm caught his chin, and he sat there a moment, his first finger keeping time against his temple with the ticking of the clock on the wall.  He tried to think of work.
“The heat is nice.  Smell’s great. Tasting it would induce vomiting.” The vampire said.  Then he shrugged, “Besides, I’d look awfully strange if I came in and never ordered anything.”
After a few long moments John asked, "So now what?"
"And... exactly what choice is that?" John felt the hairs on his body rising as he saw the flash of fang behind thin pale-rose colored lips.
“Now that I have you here it is customary that I seduce you.” He went about pouring a rich amber colored liquor from the crystal decanter on his side table into the short glass that was obviously meant for no other purpose in it's placement.
The lyrics were working, they were distracting.  Sherlock could feel the hairs at the nape of his neck rise, as he tried to ward off the prickling sensation that struck the lower quadrant of his frontal lobe, behind his eyes.  It was that feeling again and it drove an icy stake of panic through his thought process and deductive reasoning, the distinct sensation that someone was prying, a burglar with a crow bar at the hinges of his mind palace, with a very real chance of getting inside.
“That’s even harder to believe,” John sarcastically snorted but took the gun anyway.
Sherlock swore again. “Damn it, John, you are not making this easy.” He growled lowly.
With a disgruntled growl the dark haired detective squashed the thought, before the emotional response of its memory could gain a foothold within his mind.  He grabbed the handle on the door and slammed it shut, before hurrying the rest of the way to the kitchen, bellowing for Mrs. Hudson to make him some tea.
John’s thrust became erratic, hard and fast, breaking the rhythm as he felt himself getting close. As much as he tried he knew he wouldn’t hold off anymore. “Sherlock, I-” Everything pooled, the heat winding tighter and tighter. He was so close, just a few more thrusts and he’d be there. The orgasm hit, wave after wave crashing through him. He buried himself as deep as he could go, body bowing as he drowned in the ecstasy. His vision dimmed around the edges as he struggled to breath, straining through every pulse of his erection.
“I can only assume you have changed your mind and are returning to your domestic bliss,” the doctor felt the precision scan of his friends calculating gaze and paused, awaiting the analysis. “By the look of resolution and mild anxiety on your face, anyhow. Oh don't worry, John.” Sherlock glanced down at his watch unnecessarily in an action intended to patronize the other man, as he finished, “You'll be back home before curfew.”
While the brunette sat on the floor, one hand flippantly gesturing while he rattled off his findings and process, John sat patiently and listed. The connection between them was tangible and he felt as if he was there, running through the stops on each leg of his investigation. Then delving into passages of the mind palace where Sherlock had to dig deeper into his own psyche in order to review, analyze and conclude.
“She was unaware.” David replied, with a shake of his head, “With how this is affecting the organization I am surprised that she had as much information as she did.  This would be leagues above her standing.”  The vampire paused, both of them deep in thought, before he resumed, adding, “She was able to release the name of an individual that she believes is linked to the rebel faction.  I do not see as there is a clear link to this Moriarty but we have nothing else to go on.”
The vampire’s drink was slow, he did not want to push either of them to that final point of climax and he also wished to linger in the memories of the other, lavishing in how the young ambitious Holmes had grown with age and with power.  He seen things that were current and things that were very old.  He seen people that the mortal loved and also those that he loathed.  He seen a young boy, a young Sherlock, always watching, ever present, learning to sneak and spy and learn much to his elder brother’s chagrin.  He seen the opium, the crack, and the heroin that had swallowed the boy and spit out a man.  He seen Mycroft’s pain, his guilt, and his declaration of retribution, and now fully understood the drastic measures at which his lover was willing to go to save his brother from the dark gift.
“I already agreed, what else do I need to do? Sign a contract? Sell my soul?” Sherlock was being a shit and he knew it.
As if on cue Louis’ voice broke through into his mind with high approbations, ‘Well done, John.’ This made the smile linger. It felt good, even though what he had accomplished was such a horrid visceral villainy.
“Every bloody night I wake up and have a war with myself over leaving you.” The statement punched a hole in Sherlock’s chest as what little air he had, left his lungs. “I know that just by being around you, it motivates your drive to pursue this curse. I also know that if I just left, you would likely kill your damn-self trying to find me. At least it would be a man’s death, and not a monster’s.”
John attempted to comply with the order for a moment, hands grasping the hem and he tried pulling it up. As pain shot through his shoulders and neck he let his jumper drop back down. He was too tired and sore to bother. After a quick internal debate, he decided that the minor discomfort of sleeping in a jumper was worth it if he could just pass out right now. “I think I’ll just sleep with it on.”
When the two men met up at the designated location a few blocks away from the consulting detective’s connection, John’s expression was enough for Sherlock to confirm his deduction was correct. The connection that the two men shared was fascinating but it was also going to be troublesome. The consulting detective required his privacy, not that John was an intruder but there were things that he really did not care to have John know. About his past or about his thoughts and so he had to build mental blocks for himself to keep from his mind revealing more than he was wishing.
“221B Baker Street.” He said, as he climbed in and closed the door.  The man behind the wheel just nodded and the black cab pulled away and into the melee of traffic without any effort.  John had hoped that he would have time to sort through his jumbled thoughts before the familiar flat was before him, however, when he arrived he had hardly gotten started.  He tipped the cabbie and stepped out into the rain, tucking his shoulders to keep the dampness in his hair from slipping down his neck, as he rushed to the black door of his old flat.
John looked quizzically at him, but there in the corner of his eyes was that spark of interest—that need to know that Sherlock had been counting on. "It's what?" the doctor was asking for clarification.
Critically the doctor eyed the wound, disbelief clear on his face, as if he had somehow expected another head to suddenly sprout up out of the curve of the others throat where the angry red bite-mark was freely weeping. “Not possible…” The color began to drain from the blondes face as the pink tongue snaked out to taste the copper twinge of blood on his lips. The consulting detective could see the bump of the others tongue pressing against cheeks and under lips as the other hastily assessed that no there was no indication of having bit his own lip or cheek as a viable excuse for the discovery.
That quirk returned to the corner of his full lips, just enough to allow the dimple to crease ever so slightly, giving the man an almost amused look—that sent John’s pulse rocketing.  Blood was rushing inside of him, some to face, he could feel the spread of its heat about the apples of his cheeks, and some was heading south, a significant pulse in his loins proof enough.
His brother’s message informed him that Lestat had returned to London and was under the influence of his rival. On that subject, Mycroft was only able to offer the same speculation Sherlock had already assumed himself.  Moriarty was demonic in nature or, at the very least, in control of demonic powers - which, of course, would be hard to ascertain and predict without first knowing what type of demonic power the spider had drawn from.
"My name is Daniel." A gloved hand was extended toward him as they walked.
Lestrade’s eyes, face, and body, moved from confused to angry, as he raised his voice and volleyed back, “Hot dogs my arse, Sherlock!  You’re supposed to be looking for John, remember?  Whatever happened to that?”
"I am sure." Louis’ reply sounded peevish to his own ears but the other didn't seem to take notice or simply chose to ignore it
John walked slowly away from the man, coming to stand by his chair. He reached out a slow hand, running it over the length of the back with familiarity. Sherlock could see the tension in the immortal’s face, mixed with an odd sense of longing that he could not quite understand. “You know,” John said in a low, careful tone, “I really miss this place.”
“I am afraid that I am not privy to that situation…” Mycroft began to explain.
“If you wish to aid me, Mycroft, then find John.” Sherlock snipped, succinctly, as he grabbed the handle of the car door, “Until then save your breath and stop wasting both of our time.”
"That sounds wonderful," Louis felt a whoosh of relief go through him as he exhaled a breath he hadn't really been aware of holding. "I must admit, I missed you."
When the lightning quick tapping finally ended, the laptop was snapped shut and very brusquely dumped onto the back seat of the car.  John’s gaze followed the electronic, in disbelief that the detective would just toss such an expensive piece of equipment with such disregard, when he noticed that the bag Sherlock had packed was also in the backseat.
There was the incident in the bathroom.  He remembered sitting on the lou, trying not to look at the lithe form of the naked man languishing in the steaming bath water, and then he was walking out, cell phone in wet hands.  How had that happened?  What exactly had happened...?  Sherlock hadn't divulged anything.  With his hands wet and warm as proof of where they had been and Mary texting him with the delight of her own night out, John was rather glad the detective had not enlightened him.  It was easier to just leave it unexplained.  Well within the realm of denial.
“I just…it’s terrible, John,” He said, with a sad twist to his mouth, “them murderin’ Mary.  Just despicable.”
He flexed the muscles in his thighs and calves, watching the movement under the pale skin.  He kicked each leg, testing his strength.  He could not be sure how long he had been in the bed, he had no clue what day it was or what time it was.  If he fell on the floor who knew how long it would take to get him back up.  As he continued to flex and move each limb, feeling his circulation return to normal, he looked about the room some more.
Lestrade watched his friend in his manic state and finally knew for certain that Sherlock was indeed taking things seriously.  He did not, however, feel very relieved by this.  Sherlock was half the man he was a month ago.  He looked depraved, stock-raving mad, and his physical state was ghastly.  Yet there was little that the inspector could do about it.  Sherlock Holmes would never allow it.  Still, he tried, “I will order some take away then and we can discuss things—,”
“That’s not true,” he said. His voice came out weak and pathetic. “It’s not.” He repeated, as though for good measure, as he let her go and turned onto his back.
“Well, off to bed then.” Mrs. Hudson stated suddenly as she rose from the sofa, gathering up her cup and offered to take Sherlock’s. Looking down to realize he must have been sipping his tea longer then he thought, he finished the last mouthful and handed the fine china cup to the delicate hands of Mrs. Hudson. He watching her disappear out the door and as she left she called back, “Have a good night, Sherlock.”
Terrorists? No—there was no way it would benefit him to have this connected to one of the many factions that would have loved to take credit for destroying Mycroft Holmes personal estate.
Sherlock sighed.  He was disappointed and exhausted.  He was still feeling the effects of the blood loss from the penthouse—Lestat had brought him right to that point of no return—and he was still feeling more fatigued than he was accustomed to.  Perhaps he did require his sleep as well.  His brain was foggy and sluggish—a state of being he abhorred.
John growled and rolled over onto his side, his hands moving to his new priority—the pain in his stomach.  The vampire was still slightly weak and made no attempt to get to his feet.
John was the first to say the obvious, “I thought that you said he was—,”
John gave a resigned sigh, as though he were exhausted.  Perhaps he was.
The elevator gave a beep and Sherlock couldn’t get the doors open fast enough, pulling at their edges with his fingers before bursting through.  The elevator opened onto a small hallway made of silver and white marble, an elaborate entrance for a private residence—the penthouse suite.  There was a large door before him and it was wide open.  He did not hesitate entering and immediately noticed the dark stain of blood on the white tile. There was a smear leading away and arrant spatters around the point of struggle. Sherlock’s brain wasn't given time to pick apart the scene as he took a long stride in the direction of bloodstains.
Sherlock turned back and offered the gun to his flat mate. John raised his hands again, excusing himself, “Oh no. Lestrade can come here and arrest you all he wants, but I’m not going to spend my evening down at the Yard. It will be hot as hell down there, and I have a date.” He enunciated the ‘t’ on the last word. He wasn’t sure why.
The vampire's eye blinked a couple times, as he interrupted, "A threat stimuli?  What did you do?"
Sherlock’s teeth ground together.  “It is obvious, Lestat, that you have been trying to garner my attention for a while now, so pray let us move past all of this nonsense, despite what I believe.”  Meeting those icy eyes straight on, he asked, “Where is John Watson?”
The dark haired man restrained himself from rolling his emerald eyes in agitation at his alluring creator. If Lestat was here with him now then there was no questioning the obvious fact that the blond already knew everything—or was as close as possible to it. The agitation was due to the other very accurate fact that his creator only wished to hear it verbally acknowledged, in order to assess the reaction on the face of his fledgling, and to then childishly point out that he had already know. It was just the sort of game that Louis avoided entertaining with the other vampire.
John could smell her now. The putrid stench of decaying matter, rotting flesh. It was overwhelmingly real and he was painfully aware that he could no longer dally with this supernatural tour de force. “Yes.” He reinforced, the conviction returning to his voice. “Sherlock never caused any of this. You have no one to blame for your death, but yourself and those that murdered you. I had nothing to do with any of it, even though…” he paused, his breaths hitching again as more hot tears rolled down and soaked the cotton of the pillowcase, “even though I would give anything to revert this all and save you.”
“And the warning?” David probed.
"The city holds some interest for now but I had made no plans either way." Long deft fingers untangled gracefully and repositioned on the steaming cup. "What brings you to here? Or would it be simple coincidence that you knew I was in town and happened to be passing through?"
It was hard to explain what he felt during that transition. It was momentary. Hardly even a full second of time and his brain could register that he had been transported but became hung up on the why’s and the how’s that skittered about his frontal cortex, trying to gain purchase on the reality of what had happened. It could not be likened to anything that he had experienced before, yet it was what he felt zero gravity might feel like for an astronaut. Awe and tummy tangles mingling to create something that was both unimaginable and undeniably pleasurable at the same time.
“She needed more biscuits.” The detective replied, truthfully, with a nod of his head to acknowledge and berate his flat mate’s deduction.
“So then...” The vampire mused, before cracking a crooked grin at the detective. Affably he demanded, "rock me, Amadeus."
“I told you, to keep you safe.”
John went to his room, tossed his jacket on the mattress and grabbing the bottom hem of his striped sweater, pulled it up and over his head.  The flat was cool, he could feel it as the shirt tails of his dress shirt lifted with the movement.  The sweater joined the jacket on the bed and then he began to undo the buttons of the navy dress shirt.  Not wanting to iron again this week the doctor made the effort of hanging the shirt up on a hook behind the door and then left the room.
Sherlock realized at once that the heart was beating and really should not be. John was a vampire. He was for every right dead—or the undead, which most literature preferred. John was making it beat. In losing his control of his mind his body was running on autopilot and fear had taken over. His body was responding to Sherlock’s aggressive invasion as though adrenaline were emptying into his blood stream, making his heart race and his lungs burn for oxygen they no longer needed.
“I’ve already said, Lestat,” the dark skinned man finally admitted, quickly amending, “it was an acquaintance from my past.”
Blood rushing.  Breathing tight and fast—elevated.  Stomach clenched, draining, roiling.  A hand grappled his wrist as the thinner man rested a knee just to the outside of his left thigh and bent directly over him.  Their faces were inches apart, those brilliant intense eyes searching, roaming, evaluating.  John swallowed again, he could feel his adams apple bobbing like a buoy in rough waters, his mouth suddenly dry and his brain blurred by an embarrassed fog.  His body was alight, nerves tingling electrically on edge, and he could tell without moving or glancing that the knot in the towel had come undone, the pressure of the weight on the knee too close to his hip, pressing the gap in his only protection even wider.
The phrasing of that stubborn protestation hit John like a punch to the gut.  Why had it sounded like he was thinking about the darling woman in the past-tense.
Dropping the dish of take away beside him on the bed he opened up his voice mail and listened to the solitary message.  It was from Dr. Sarah Sawyer.  “Uh, hello Sherlock, just Sarah ringing here.  I am trying to track down John and Mary.  They, uh, they haven’t been into the clinic for their shifts this last two days.  I didn’t want to alarm anyone, it’s just, not like them.  Well, not like Mary.  Anyway please ring me back as soon as you can if you know anything.”  She proceeded to list the numbers at which he could reach her.  He didn’t listen to them.  He ended the call and was on his feet in one fluid motion.
Sherlock felt his fingers closing, the pads that once tickled the valves now slowly crushing together.  John gasped. His teeth gnashed together. He sputtered for a breath, red tears slipping down his white cheeks.
“Very little.” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed on his friend, a curve at the corner of his mouth, a visible display of the pleasure he took in hearing John slowly reverting back to their previous roles together.  “And what else did you observe?” he purred, resting his chin on the point of his steepled fingers.
The doctor had left his fiancé for this?  To follow Sherlock on one of his half-cocked adventures into the deepest, darkest, and dirtiest places of the damned city only to watch the other man enjoy himself and wonder why in the hell he wasn't at home in bed with Mary's heated form curled beside him?  Not exactly what he had considered fun for a while now—for over a year now.  Not since Mary.  He hadn't thought much of Sherlock and their fun after he had met the blond.  She was witty and assertive enough to push past his pining for what had been so painfully torn away and lost—only to be thrust back into his life now.
John looked away, going so far as to lift a hand and cover his eyes. Embarrassment washed over his skin at the man’s deduction for his half-hearted interested in the physicality of their encounter. “Not quite,” he muttered. It was all he could muster for an answer.
"I love that you've been thinking of me, Louis but I'm fairly certain that it's not in the fashion I would like to imagine." There was a gentle humor in the words.
Sherlock cocked his head slightly to the side.  A test.  “You’ve come for me.” He said confidently, before shrugging and rephrasing, “Or rather you have come because of what you have heard of me and what I do.  You’re bored.  And I am new, something you have yet to explore and tire of.”
Sherlock ignored the comment.  He was wet, drenched by the drizzle that still fell outside and by the suds his intruder had splashed at him.  He could care less.  He was still trying to piece everything together.  Lestat dried himself, obviously unperturbed to have an audience—rather enjoying it, actually—working the towel over every inch of his rock hard body, as he playfully hummed the tune,
Sherlock worked throughout the day, filtering through hordes of misinformation and ill leads. The internet was awash with them. He had garnered more information in the fifteen minutes he had spoken with Marisa in the safe house than he had in the hours he’d wasted searching the internet for a lead.
John’s mouth curled into an unbridled grin. He was barely able to stifle a chuckle, which only displeased the detective more. As if in evidence, Sherlock rocked his hips against Johns, proving that he himself was more than ready for what he was proposing. Then enlightenment struck him. The detective sat back, straddling the vampire about the thighs as, as he announced his deduction. “This is no longer the same for you.”
John didn’t answer the mild reprimand.
Sherlock just shook his head looking disappointed and stepped around John, not even bothering to dignify John’s statement with a response. His movements were quick and graceful as he crossed the room to the door. The genius made a show of blatantly ignoring John as he began putting first one, then the other shoe on.
In his haste to leave the celebrating crowd, John burst through the outer doors. Stumbling to the edge of the sidewalk, he narrowly avoided the small throng of smokers that loitered under umbrellas just outside the entrance. John stood at the edge of the group for a long moment, blinking down at the ground, trying to make the world stop it’s swaying before noticing that it had begun raining some time ago.
“Are you here to see, Mr. Holmes?” the man asked, his voice oddly soft and purring.
“Mary…” he heard himself whisper
What would they do while they were with this American, waiting for things to die down so it would be safe?  Sherlock would go batty, especially if they were to be locked up somewhere else.  John hated watching that man when he got squirrely and unfortunately it didn’t take much make him start to twitch.  Who was this other vampire anyway and how the hell had the detective dug him up?  Was that really the right term to use, dug up?  Didn’t seem right.
As John lingered behind his desk, in the small medical office where he worked as a locum, killing time between a lull in his patient schedule for that lazy Friday afternoon, he tried to put the memory off and think of something else.  Surfing the web was useless, the man’s face was there too, his own slightly obscured over the consulting detectives shoulder or half cut out of the frame—but always present, in some capacity.  He tried reading the newspaper, but the dark curled head of the bright eyed detective was there too.  He tried grabbing a coffee in the staff room, but the hushed giggles from the female nurses and his peers, who tried not to make eye contact with the friend of the bedazzling new London genius sex-magnet, only fueled his mounting irritation.  There wasn’t much of anywhere anymore that the doctor could go that wasn’t buzzing with the adventures that the two flatmates had shared, all of them enamored by the whimsical dark curls that swept over the dark foreboding brows of man, who was genius, and still so societally inadequate that many would cringe if they ever were graciously gifted with a chance encounter with their hero and he was prompted to open his mouth.
All the evidence he had observed had pointed to the conclusion that a fourth unknown party had intervened on the tussle between John and the initial assailant, the illusive question remaining now was why.  John’s life must have been in danger, motivation to interfere but sadly not an explanation.  It was this fourth unknown party that Sherlock knew had taken his former flatmate.
John thought that Ella, his therapist, would be scribbling in her fancied bubble-like scrawl on her notepad if she were able to hear the thoughts swirling in his brain like an over muddled mojito.  If he straightened his spine, he might be able to glance at the page—her handwriting was always large enough to read from where he usually sat in her office, even from upside down—what might it say?
Beyond that information, his connections had nothing of much use. Mycroft was seen about town with a strange new companion—David—Sherlock reasoned easily. There was no news of Mary. Despite John’s best attempts to stay under the wire, he had been spotted around town as well.
Cautiously he came through the door, fully prepared for anything or anyone that might greet him, only to find a man reclining comfortably in John’s chair.  Seeing another body occupying the doctor’s favored seat made a billowing rage bloom within the detective’s chest—a sensation both foreign and shocking, that was barely quelled without any visible physical manifestation of the reaction on his person.  The reeling mind of the quick-witted detective was refocused through analysis.  Dark raven hair was loose, hanging straight, framing a pale face with a straight nose and striking emerald orbs that glistened an unearthly hue in contrast to the dark lashes and brows surrounding them.  It was his neighbor, the tenant of 221C.  In the second that it took to observe the man’s features, identity, and purpose, he had also evaluating much more from this strange visitor.
The answer came all to soon.
He glanced back at the detective, wondering how the man could physically and mentally operate at his astounding level in the conditions he operated under. The genius did not show signs of fatigue beyond the slight purple hue under his eyes and the rumpled appearance of his hair and clothes.
“What…what was that, out front, there?  A Russian assassin?” John was repeating what he already knew, insinuating that he was having trouble finding its validity.
He broke the kiss on a gasp and ran his tongue along the underside of the man’s jaw, nipping and sucking tenderly at the carotid artery before biting down hard. Sherlock cried out, his body jerking against John as his nails bit deeply into the doctor’s scalp and scored a red-hot trail of ecstasy down his back. He panted heavily into the crook of the younger man’s neck, shuddering even as he traced his tongue over the angry teeth marks.
John drew in a slow, deep breath, knowing he needed to speak but not sure how to go about it. His eyes trailed down the length of the man's torso before sliding up to take in his perfect facial features. John licked his dry lips and finally spoke.
Spurred on by the needlepoints of pain he no longer tried to resist the temptation and began to thrust again. Leaning down he sprawled over the length of Sherlock’s chest, marvelling at the lean muscles that flexed as they moved together. Fisting his hands into the man’s soft locks he drew their lips together into another heated kiss.
John leaned his elbows down against the metal railing, taking in the sheer drop to the ground below.  Cars moved like black ants, people mere specks.  Directly below the balcony was a four storey wall of concrete before glass took over.  If he had to guess he would say he was at least some sixty storeys high, in the penthouse suite of some crazy new luxury high rise attempting to break the through the cityscape.  The view was intense.  Like nothing the doctor had ever seen, an incredible eagle-eyed view of London.
Thinking of John again made his stomach clench, as he felt the anxious tickling sensation many referred to as ‘butterflies’.  John had been in the flat.  John was back.  He had been so close.
shut, John thought bitterly. That trait, in the detective's mind, appeared to be distinctly a female one. “Bloody bugger,” He tried to sigh, but only got his lungs half full before the evil contraption of a corset restricted any deeper breaths.
The doctor soldiered up, straightening his back and jutted his chin, in a physical attempt to allay the control the thoughts had over his person.  He marched over to the island, where the black sharpie lay.  He picked it up and spun it between his first to fingers, before he set off to find more soft, nonlife threatening, messengers to send over the balcony into the dirty streets of London below.
A small smirk flitted onto the angelic face as he looked through half lidded eyes at John, knowing the image he made. “You demanded that we not share a bed.” He drew one leg up, forcing the blanket he had been curled under to shift and pool at the juncture of his hip. This revealed that he wore what he customarily did when crawling into bed—nothing. “I did not capitulate to your ridiculous demand.”
The tangle of dark curls over the furrowed brow disappeared into the back-seat of the waiting taxi as the door slammed shut and John was forced to dash down the sidewalk after the vehicle as it lurched forward. John cursed, slapping his hands forcefully on the window.  The cab returned to a full stop so that the doctor could swing the door open and jump within the small back seat. The door slammed shut and the driver spared no time, puttering quickly down the London streets toward their requested destination.
John gave a short guffaw of laughter that burst out of him like a bark, as he flung his arms out stretched and mockingly bellowed back, “Welcome to every other day of my life.”  The man was not startled by the outburst.  John narrowed his gaze at the other and in a darker, deeper tone, challenged, “Tell me why this guy is any different than any of the other psychopathic evil genius’ out there with a hard on for bringing Sherlock Holmes down?”
John blinked, and then blinked again. He licked his lips and opened his mouth. “Yes.” With a bob of his head, he smiled. “Yes, yes, yes.” Maybe that was the right answer. He couldn’t remember the question. When the man relaxed above him, John was sure he had gotten it right.
His eyes lapsed out the window, as he held the tea, not sure he wanted to actually drink the subpar brew.  They calculatingly raked over the dark and grungy buildings.  To say that they were derelict was a horrendous understatement.  He had thought that if they were to be meeting with a member of the ultra-secretive Talmasca that it would be at least somewhere bearably civilized. David, however, had not flinched upon entering the water logged abandoned factory. Even in the car, the stale waft of excrement and sea rot was notable. Mycroft supposed that little of that mattered at this point.  They had a supernatural killer knocking at the cities door step—an old foe risen from the bloody grave to threaten his domain once more.
"That's one way of putting it." she replied.  She sat back from the soup again and this time gave him a softer smile, more sympathetic than any of the other looks she had given him.  "You're mixed up in some pretty hefty stuff from what I gather.  Lestat said he wants you to lie low for a little bit, while he investigates.  Well, I'm afraid this is as low as one can get, without freezing your ass off in Siberia."
The inspector shook his head, jaw muscles clenching with restrained anger, as he tried one last time to implore Sherlock to help him.  His words were disregarded, as the man drew the bow back and forth with a fervent vent of emotion, the music pouring from his instrument the words he could not speak.  Lestrade flipped an ignorant hand in the direction of his bullheaded friend and left the flat, muttering curses as he went.  Sherlock was not perturbed.  The sooner the inspector was gone the sooner he could return to his internet search.  There had to be information on Ms. Morstan in some dark corner of the net.
John’s lip quivered as he drew in another breath. He pushed on before Sherlock could find a proper retort. “That’s what I am now, Sherlock, a monster.” He let out a bitter laugh. “But you are right; there is no changing it. Maybe it wouldn’t be such a terrible fate for you, but that doesn’t mean that I’m willing to kill the mortal man you are to make you what I am.”
He knew that he would enjoy it, the prostate was fairly easy to stimulate once it was found and Sherlock was an exceptionally talented man. But could he just relinquish all control to the genius? John looked up into those oddly mesmerizing eyes, seeing them filled with so many emotions that John hadn’t known the detective possessed and thought that maybe, with his man, he just might be able to.
John just stared at him for a long moment, unable to believe that things had gone so wrong so quickly. He’d just spent all day and all evening reconciling himself to what had happened between them and now the bloody bastard was just going to brush him off? “No.” He muttered and began stomping towards the younger man.
The air inside the flat was infused with many different odors and each one was identified in his mind like the pinging in his mind like points from a database on a large hard drive, as he stood stock still and took them all in.  There was no reason to rush, he already knew that no one was at home.  John’s coat and casual shoes were missing.  Even with the dark he could also tell that the entrance lacked any female accessories as well.
“From time to time, yes.” She responded, still slowly stirring the pot, “I live lots of places.  This is one of them.”
“Ah, John, glad to see you.  Molly has abandoned me for…what’s-his-face and I am in need of some assistance.” Sherlock announced, his nose and lips scrunching up and wiggling, as he brought his arms out of the flesh of the animal, dark with blood, and held them up like a mad scientist in a cheap horror flick.
“Ha!  You’re a terrible liar, Mr. Holmes.” the blond responded, equally cross.  “You're quite experienced at dying, from what I know.  If you had them wowed with your fall, just imagine the tricks you could show them now if you chose to.”
"Yes." There was a quiet moment where either spoke.
Lestrade was not so easily dissuade.  Perhaps he had grown accustomed to the detective’s moody tricks.  In a louder voice the inspector went on, voicing how he had found the flat, which he had managed to come to the conclusion that John had been taken and the flat had been cleaned and staged.  Frankly Sherlock was impressed that the inspector’s skill had come so far since he had been away.  It was certainly a marked improvement.  All the while Lestrade talked the detective played through the movement, the notes transitioning from doleful into a smooth patterned melody and then suddenly into the quick and light notes which his trained fingers paced expertly up and down the finger board.  Soon the inspector grew quiet and the only sound in the flat was the quick movements of his bow being drawn over the strings in rapid succession as the classic sped to a racing crescendo of notes—that just as suddenly stopped.
John shook his head and waved his arms in a x-motion at his friend, warning the detective, “Get those science-experiment eyes off of me, Sherlock!  It’s bloody annoying, not fascinating, or whatever you might fancy it is.”
The detective closed off his mind, shut the doors of his mind palace, and fled the scene.  With all the will power that remained at his control Sherlock focused his mind.  Focused on one thing.  John.  Watson.
"I appreciate your concern." Came the soft reply as lips parted and Armand closed his eyes, inhaling a long breath.
Sherlock lavished in the control that his former lover was now reasserting over him.  He had lusted far too many nights for the demanding yearning touches and caresses of this man and although this was only an illusion drummed up by the recesses of his mind, never before had it been this real, this vivid, this sensual.  The feeling of John’s nips and kisses and licks of his tongue were electric, eliciting moans from his own lips that he was unable to monitor or control.  His own hands groped for the other, his long fingers finding the head that pressed those teasing presses of mouth and tongue, slipping through the short hair with encouraging strokes.  For all the words that he normally would have at the ready at any given moment all the detective could do was moan, the eloquence of speech departed, replaced by the arousing lust that was overtaking his every fiber.
"That's an absurdity, John.  That simply isn't true. “Sherlock stated.  "We both know we are far more advanced than normal people."
"Wait! You're just going to leave?!" baffled and feeling as if his one chance at freedom was about to slip away he moved to block the man from the doorway.
The withdrawal had left him shaking, itching, fidgeting, and hindered his ability to focus.  He was also having trouble keeping his emotions in check.  He was irritable and quarrelsome, brought on by worry, a creeping consuming anxiety, and also his ever insatiable curiosity.  He could recall very little about the end of the incident in the penthouse suite ninety-some floors above the London skyline, yet he could clearly recall that Lestat had been defeated, in more ways than one.
"Exactly Miss Hooper." Sherlock cut her off, his tone acrid, as he snapped his collar up.  He strode past her and the door they had come from. "You should stick to corpses. They seem to be more apt to find validity when it comes to your advice."
“I assumed you were in charge of this little outing, seeing as I am not to leave your company. I’ve ran my errands in this area of town, I have one other connection to meet with but we will need a taxi or… other means.” Sherlock was strongly hinting that he wanted John to flex some of his vampirical powers but it only served to remind John of exactly what he would have to put up with, if he was daft enough to stay in London.
The hallway was typical for this period of build.  The stairwell was narrow but open, a pony wall serving as a railing for more than half its length.  There was a tiny bedroom immediately to the left of the stairs—
‘No, not tonight,’ he returned the thought, beginning to feel more comfortable now with these unspoken conversations. ‘I can’t keep taking from you. It’s a crutch. I must learn to feed and to be satiated.’
one. Interesting how the whole world opens up when you die once, wouldn't you agree?" The grin on the man’s face was wide and toothy, sinister and full of an uncomfortable mirth.
John moaned again, his cock plunging harder into Sherlock, as he continued, “I was convinced…you had left—that you had planned to leave.” John’s moan was a growl this time, before he finished, “You made love to me that night.  It was no longer…just sex to you.”
Something changed then.  A switch flipped and need turned sharply to agony.  His teeth grit to bare the sudden wracking pain that infused his torso, like liquid fire tracing its way from his esophagus to his intestines.  He doubled over, hands clutching his abdomen.  It felt like he was being ripped apart, like his insides wished to be violently outside of the encasement of his skin.  The frigid coolness that had overcome him earlier was now a burning that made his skin dampen with droplets of sweat, as if a fever were suddenly upon him.  He let out a torturous bellow, his hands gripping round himself, his forehead pressing painfully into the cool stones of the floor and from somewhere near by he could hear the panting voice of the vampire.
Sherlock was brilliant, there was no doubt about it. His mind was sharp and frustratingly secured against Lestat’s invasion. A rare quality in a mortal but given the particular character of this man, was not entirely unsurprising to the vampire who relished in the knowledge that he was one of the most powerful of their kind. There were others, of course but regardless, he suspected they would encounter the same should they try to enter into the mind of the closely guarded genius.
John visibly winced, fingers curling into fists at his sides, as his eyes landed on the culprit.  Then, as quickly as he had entered, he turned on his heel and marched back out.  David watched in interest as the younger Holmes, called his name and made to go after him.  Sherlock managed to catch an elbow before he was pushed back, falling onto his backside, as John disappeared in a blur of motion.
“To my estimate, he has been heavily influenced up until the point where Marisa completed her task of caring for me on the island.” Sherlock explained. John gave him a quizzical look. “Her payment was a sum of money and a vile of Lestat’s blood. I think she was already being coerced by Moriarty. He put her in that place, so she could retrieve a vile of the vampire’s blood and somehow having that blood has given Moriarty enormous powers over the vampires and control of Lestat. That’s why he took Lestat from my brother’s library. He had to assert his control over him, so that he could send him back out as an agent of his demonic desires.”
Sherlock was in no mood to perry the first thrust and so deflected, cutting his brother short with a sharp snapping retort, “Don’t underestimate my intelligence, Mycroft, it is unbecoming.  I am not one of your single minded diplomats so cut the political jargon.  By the use of ‘that situation’ you have already shown me your hand. You are indeed aware of ‘the’ situation and therefore you can understand as well that I am not going to leave until you have relinquished what you know.”  Through grit teeth, he added in a threatening hiss, “Answer the question.”
“I’m not your bargaining chip!” the detective quipped, angrily.
This was one such moment.  Even though his pain tolerance was now super human, the information squealing through and out of the man’s mouth and brain were too much for the vampire to handle, especially when it had come to touch once more on the subject of his former fiancé.  Sherlock had complied, had even worked hard to tighten his restraint on the thoughts constantly bombarding between the confines of his cranium, so that John could just breath and soak it all in.
To his immediate vision John did not see what or how he was knocked back down.  There was a slight blur again and he his backside hit the couch.  Louis did not even really appear to have moved, but he had to be responsible.  He loomed before John now, feet above him, standing like some ominous demon over a hapless child.
“They are being picked apart.” David explained, “They are unable to thus far ascertain if these members are leaving willingly or not, even though a large focus of their manpower has been shifted to cover this new threat.  This group of individuals is interfering—the opposite of what the Talmasca stands for.”
The vampire smiled again, stroking his chin like a pensive artist looking over an unfinished master piece.  “Now, that’s better, isn’t it?” he chuckled to himself, “A pretty broken thing, just like its owner.  Far more appropriate, really.”
“Stay here.” Marisa told the two men, before she walked past them towards the bridge.
The shirt was pulled down to trap Sherlock’s arms behind him and John’s dark eyes flashed up at him dangerously. The threat was clear. Sherlock was to willingly remain trapped for the time being. To let John, have this power over him, to let John have him in any way that the man wanted. There was nothing more the consulting detective wanted than John.
“Mrs. Hudson, I presume?” Lestat greeted, extending his hand, every bit the gentlemen as he tipped his head, taking the woman's hand in his own and giving the softest of kisses to the back of the warm and weathered flesh.
The view of the memory was muddy in texture and softened by the transfer, like a lens blur on a movie screen.  The memory moved in his mind’s eye as though it were his own and he could see himself on the floor of the penthouse, slumped against the floor and close to unconsciousness, a bloodied wreck of himself.  Then the vision shifted, the gaze of the vampire Lestat moving to find the culprit, as feelings of rage and incredulity swamped his senses.
Lestrade’s lips pursed tightly, as he nodded his reluctant agreement.  The postcard no longer made sense, not with the note, the inspector knew for certain that was written in John’s hand.  It had been written quickly, some of the ink had smudged, but the long striking strokes of his quick straight hand was distinctive.  Lestrade had read enough of John’s reports to remember it.  Finally, in a pinched voice, he answered the woman across from him, “I have to agree with you Mrs. Hudson.  John and Mary are not the type to pack up and leave, especially not because of Sherlock’s antics.”
The call was closed and the phone went black just before it was hurdled across the room.  It made a loud clatter as it smacked the wall and fell the tiled floor of the kitchen.  John cursed and grabbed his head with one hand, closing his eyes.  His agitation was through the roof, along with his pulse, and the throbbing that rocked his cranium was almost too much.  His one chance to reach the outside world and he had buggered it up.
Sherlock was parting the black bag, gingerly widening the gap to keep from disturbing his first view of the cleaned wound. As he examined the gaping laceration of the nearly decapitated individual inside, he could hear John beginning to question her finding. Sherlock had expected this, had asked specifically for this. The wound itself was a massive rent in the fabric of the flesh. The neck of what appeared to be a nineteen year old methamphetamine addicted male was visibly torn open, as though his murderer had grabbed the flesh with enough strength to puncture and then reefed the rest open. The windpipe and larynx was exposed above the butterfly shaped thyroid—under active thyroid, he corrected, judging by the slight scarring present from overactive white blood cells.
Keeping things as focused on the case as possible was the best bet. Unfortunately his homeless network did not have a whole lot of information to add to that which they already knew. There was a curious matter with an individual asking a lot of questions about him, trying to infiltrate or gather information from his own informants. Some young woman, in her twenties with long black hair and a story how she was another hard luck case who lost everything. Claiming that she wanted to meet Sherlock so he could help her find her missing child. It warranted looking into and so Sherlock had told his connection to message him next time she showed up.
They had been idiots. Round and round the garden like a teddy bear. They had been revolving in and out of trouble, in and out of love, in and out of one another’s lives, never settling at any moment. He had loved the blasted detective and had longed to be loved in return. The sex was a bonus, he would take it, but he had wanted deep down for the man to love him, to let him in, to trust him. The night before the fall, that last time they had made love…John should have known the fall was a trick!
“Easy decision, really, between telly and myself…” Sherlock remarked, barley moving from his repose.  “Especially considering the pig in the kitchen.”
“You are too?” it came out lamely and John immediately disliked the sound of it.
"I will put that on your list of things you will be replacing." John volleyed back, before walking through the door.  "The code is 072510.  Don't electrocute yourself this time."
Thoughts of the man had brought about all of those emotions in him that he had bundled away while he had been in Canada.  One of these was more prevalent than the rest; fear. He had almost killed the detective that night he had been turned into this new creature.  The blood lust had consumed him and made him a savage beast that had no mind beyond its own insatiable desire to feed.
The detective could hear the other man rising from the chair, socked feet moving into the kitchen, the tinkling sound of him serving himself some of Mrs. Hudson's tea, all as Sherlock tried to look busy at the desk. The problem had been trivial, not something really worthy of his prowess and undeniable skill, and of course he had finished long before John had arrived to witness the small but still viable success. Now his mind was calculating again. John was here. There was no case now. Would John stay?—the fact that he was late stated very simply that Mary's company was more desirable... Did he want John to stay? If he did stay what would they do...? He could feel his eyes closing as his mind ran rampant with the endless possibilities of that one thought.
Outside the croft the sun was high and beaming, rare for this time of year.  The wind was fierce on the unprotected isle, whipping with the ferocity of a clawed beast as he walked up towards the lighthouse.  The outside of it was dingy and worn, a testament to the hard life here on the rocky isle.  The tower seemed to stand in defiance, straight and tall against the wind and the sea spray, high on the point for all to see.  He walked all around the building and, not finding his redheaded keeper, he began to walk the perimeter of the tiny island.  It took a good couple of hours to come back around to the croft and the light house and by then his nose was running and his fingers were frozen, despite his leather gloves.  The only remarkable discovery he had made in that time was a set of cement steps that led down to a rocky outcropping that was utilized as a fairly functional boat mooring.  There had predictably been no boat.
The last word was punctuated by a thunderous explosion that rocked the entire hotel. Dust, flying debris, and rubble formed a melee of confusion. It blinded John, pelting his near naked form with wood and mortar shrapnel. As the smoke thinned it revealed a massive hole that had been blown through the outer wall of the small room.  He didn’t need to see the entirety of the room to know that his maker and the detective were gone.
The younger man’s eyes flashed brightly and his hips twitched at the order, temporarily losing the rhythm their bodies had created together. He licked his lips, his breathing heavy before he opened his mouth. “Yes.” He agreed, the single word coming out soft, almost a whisper.
“Sherlock!” he cried again, trying to grab at the disappearing visage.
She tsked him, like a scolding teacher. “That man used everyone.”
John grew restless at his side. “Am I supposed to attack this guy or wait for him to strike first?” he questioned, growing increasingly anxious with the encounter.
The flat was dark and quiet.  A single lamp on the crowded desk lit the main room.  The kitchen and hallway were dark.  Sherlock was out?  John smiled—
"Ah, so you do agree with me then that our minds are somehow linked!" Sherlock crowed triumphantly.
His contemplation was stopped with the knock at the front door, scaring him more than it should have, or maybe exactly as much as it should have and he scrambled from his place to answer it. With a deep breath he heard the locks release and he gripped the handle, giving it a turn and opening it.
“You don’t owe dead people anything.” Sherlock shot back.  It was not spiteful, just a statement of facts.
The doctor turned away from the phone on the floor and with his eyes open a crack he surveyed the suite.  There was a large beautiful bouquet of freshly cut flowers in a crystal vase on the coffee table by the couch and along with it all the destruction he had wrought earlier was gone, like it had all been a dream.  The suite was immaculate.  Everything was in its place, cleaned until shimmering with luster, and ready to go.  Even his experiments with the coffee and the French press had been cleaned and put away.  It all meant that somehow, someone had been in the penthouse with him.
“Do you think someone was in your flat?” he snapped, his training kicking in and replacing his polite tact.
Sherlock stepped back and drew his hand to his mouth, his index finger tapping against the pronounced bow of his upper lip, as he considered this fact.  The finger stopped tapping. Then he corrected his own conclusion, “But you’re not really dead, are you, John?”
The soft melodic strains of a violin he hadn’t been aware that he’d been hearing came to a sudden stop. John looked first to the man’s chair before realizing that Sherlock had been standing at the window, likely looking down on the street and witnessing John stumble to the front door. Heart in his throat he took a step into the room, almost falling as he tripped over the other man’s shoes.
"Sherlock...?" John's concerned voice quietly asked from the open doorway to his room.  His eyes opened, took in the worried visage of the other man before him, as he ventured to inquire, "What are you doing?"
Suddenly Sherlock was prying one hand out of his hair and pushing something into it instead. Wrenching his lips away he blinked down at the object in his hand. Lube. He inhaled sharply and locked eyes with Sherlock. Surely the man didn’t want him to penetrate him, did he? One look into those heavy-lidded eyes said yes.
John listened to the regurgitated information as the two men walked down the quiet London street and John worked on dulling the sound of Sherlock’s mind, focusing instead on simply listening to the words. The task was not as easy as it had been with any other mortal minds and as nice as it was to keep a handle on the man it was something he needed to learn to control for as long as he would need to remain with the consulting detective. Once he had dealt with Mary’s killer and then Moriarty, John had no intentions of staying anywhere near his old lover. Not just because of the mental link between them, but because he didn’t trust Sherlock and more importantly, he didn’t yet trust himself.
Lestat had not bothered to clean anything up when he had last left the flat.  The drywall in the man’s bedroom was a little battered in spots and the tub was still full of the water he had bathed in.  It was very entertaining to watch the detective investigate these things, standing in the respective rooms assessing and deducting and trying to explain it all.
Unfortunately, John wasn’t sure how he felt about what they had just done. Now that the haze of lust was gone, that driving need for more, he didn’t know what to do in this situation. He had just had the best sex of his life with his flatmate, his best friend, a self-proclaimed sociopath. He wasn’t even gay for Christ sake.
"And Lestat is one of the most powerful?" the detective asked.  The books had laid this out plainly for any reader, but many had been written by the devil himself and give the creature’s insatiable need to gloat, it clouded the clarity of the fact.
There was no gleeful white illumination of the walking man nor its counterpart, the more angry orange flashing hand to advise the pedestrians when their time was drawing to an end to safely cross the busy London streets. It was a casual observation made with ever keen ice-blue eyes from behind the veil of yellow tinted sunglasses. The look earned him the occasional raised eyebrow or roll of eyes but it was a mortal whom he had stolen the idea from in the first place, the glasses too.
His headache had all but disappeared as Sherlock massaged his neck and jaw, working along the base of his skull before sliding back down his back. Half boneless in bliss he barely noticed Sherlock shifting on him again and again, sliding a little further down each time he pressed in with the heel of his palms.
Lestrade looked bamboozled by that last comment, as though his authority were being called into question.  It had not been meant as an offense, it was simply what was inevitable considering the circumstances of the victim and his untimely death.  Still the older man stupidly questioned him, “And I am just supposed to hand him over?  Scotland Yard is—“
“Shut up, John.” Sherlock countered. He clapped John’s lower jaw shut with a firm push of his hand under the man’s chin. The clack of John’s teeth reconnecting was quiet as the man’s eyes narrowed at the action.
“Whatever,” she sighed, with a dismissive shake of her head.  She put out her hand to the vampire and changed the subject, “Where’s my fee?”
Lestat had tried it, of course. Attempted to enjoy his time as Louis did, for a while. An experiment that he conducted with exactly the results he had expected. He was soon tampering with the people that temporarily inhabited the small space by either tinkering with their thoughts or using his kinetic powers to shift items and make them question themselves, reveling in the entertaining confusion he created.
It was an emboldened maneuver, especially for John, which was both completely unpredictable and somehow abnormally visceral.  Intrigued and unsure of this sudden shift in the doctor's mood the detective kept still and quiet, hoping to keep his own actions from interfering with the other's intended outcome.  Although his nerves were on edge, waiting and forcing his own urges, desires, and needs to be suppressed, his mind was still sharp with curiosity, rolling through the rationalities that came to mind as he studied his friend.
The girl from Puffin Island was standing over the sink, casually rinsing bubbles off a few dishes as if she was just another flat-mate cleaning up after having a snack.
Out of the corner of his eye, he watched as Sherlock slowly sat up. He didn’t look over at John as he proceeded to find and dawn his clothes, ignoring the fact that semen was slowly leaking down his thigh. Were Sherlock’s hands shaking slightly as he buttoned the shirt? John wanted to say something but didn’t know what would help in this situation. Because of that, he kept silent, watching as the man moved about the room, tracking down every last article of his clothing and donning it.
It took a moment to center himself and in doing so, he lapsed back into sleep.  When he awoke again he could not be certain how much time had passed, but his vision was notably clearer, even though a strong throb reverberated between his temples and behind his eyes.  His hands instinctually came to massage the sides of his head, applying pressure, as he made an audible groan that sounded more to himself like a growl.  His body was already well into the first few stages of withdrawal.
Life was a little busy.  So please go back and read chapter 6 and then proceed to chapter 9 if you have read the chapters in between.  I apologize for the mistake.
“What day is it?” he demanded, icily.
For a long while they remained that way until, Armand’s hands came up to trail lazy and soothing patterns across Louis broad shoulders. Finally, one of them moved. It was Louis. His head rose to look at the blissful form of Armand beneath him, eyes closed, breaths deep, with a satisfied smile upon his lips.
and even he has never come up with something this outrageous!  I don’t know where the hell it is that you have come from or what it is you expect to accomplish but I refuse to be a part of it.” He made an ‘x’ing motion with his hands.  “I’m not going anywhere with you.  Not until you bring me Mary.”  He turned then on his heel, heading away from the door way, walking past the kitchen into the living room, as he added in a softer tone, “Now if you excuse me, I have some cushions to toss off the balcony.”
The same creeping feeling from the ally began to prickle at the back of his neck, descending over him, similar to how long-surviving prey animals could sense the predators that frequently stalked them. It was clearly not the first time Sherlock had felt watched by someone whom he was quite certain wished him harm in some fashion, but outside the ally, this was the only other time he had ever felt a particular unnerving uncertainty about it.
“Yes, there!” Sherlock moaned the command as his head rolled back, eyes squeezing shut as he shuddered in pleasure. The man’s body tightened as he arched into the more intense sensations, fingers digging into John’s back as he silently demanded more.
John’s hips jerked up in response, need burning through him, following the trail of blood sliding down his throat. More. He nipped at the detective’s bottom lip, scoring a thin line into the tender skin. John groaned as a fresh wave of blood passed his lips. In a flash of movement, too fast for the detective to follow, one of John’s hands slid from his hair to coil around his waist, and he flipped them.
It was evident now that his flat mate had indeed been in his room while he slept, for he found the door slightly ajar. John made a habit of sleeping with doors closed and it was not a habit he broke easily. He tsked the other man’s prattish disregard for personal space or belongings and stepped through the threshold, conjuring his rebukes. The air outside the bedroom was slightly cooler than that of the bedroom, the sun’s light had already heated the interior despite the thick drapes. His skin lit with gooseflesh and John became suddenly aware that he was naked.
John’s eyes shot from the mouth to the eyes.  He knew he must look ridiculous, incredulous, in utter disbelieve, and shock.  He felt his heart pounding, could hear its irregular rhythm in his ears, but could bring himself to utter nothing in turn.
“Oh, I’ll go. But not like that.” He refused to even look in the direction of the monstrosity that the detective had laid out. He wasn’t going to wear it, so there was no point in looking again. Unfortunately, he had a good memory, and there was no way that he would be able to unsee that atrocity.
"Well, you’re more popular than you thought." The velvet voice remarked, as he rose from the chair and slipped into his jacket.
John was angry—it was a rude twisting of the facts and pissed on his PTSD—but was gutturally true. It had got his blood pumping, and the two of them had already established that John liked it. So, even though the tosser was a cock, the soldier laughed. He didn’t really mean to. He had tried to scowl again, but the chuckle bubbled up and out heedless of what he thought. John had to cover his mouth and nose to stifle it, so as not to encourage the genius. He wiped at his face and tried to regroup. The attempt failed miserably.
“Still up, Mrs. Hudson?” Sherlock sat up a little straighter as the land lady smiled tiredly at him, two cups of tea in her hands as she came in and took a seat on the sofa next to him. He took the teacup without hesitation from her as she set hers down on the small coffee table in front of them for a moment to run her hands down the front of her legs.
“Our lives.” The blond corrected, her apple cheeks pinking a little bit more as a generous and warm smile spread across her mouth.  “It’s okay to be confused about it all.  Take your time and allow yourself to adjust to it.  And I’m here if you need me to listen.”
The day had been uneventful—as usual.  His patients were all fine—as usual.  Yet he had been distracted, fumbling over his words, and plainly bored.  One elderly lady had stopped to make this apparent to him, having been offended by his lack of interest in the varicose veins around her knees.  His mind had been wanting to stray, to think back to that alleyway and to 221B Baker Street—which he didn’t like.  Not in the least.
Seeing the vampire knew damn well how easily it was for the other man to decipher what he was thinking without having to read his mind, John moved the subject along, with a quick, "So, you want to experiment and now you have the means of doing so."
It was from Molly—a gift.  A reason to keep John close that night.
Sherlock was quick as he placed a firm hand against John’s shoulder blades, effectively pinning him to the mattress. “You’re in pain, a massage will help in this matter.” As the younger man spoke in a matter of fact tone more of the warm liquid drizzled onto his skin. He could feel it trickling down, following the natural curve of his spine and beginning to pool at the small of his back.
"Well, a part of it anyway." Sherlock confirmed, his smile growing.  "That's what is so surprising, don't you think?"
John felt a crushing weight overcome his shoulders and chest, as though the life were being squeezed out of him.  This was not an answer—not the one he fucking wanted—and still he was at a loss to find the right words to protest.  All that came out, was a wheeze, soft and terribly confused, “I seriously have no idea what you are talking about.”  His breaths were coming now in short rasps, as panic set in, consuming his brain with a veracious ache, as the blood began rocketing about his system.
John was unable to suppress the shudder that rolled through his body as warm breath caressed his earlobe. He closed his eyes and let his head fall against the wall while he savoured the feel. It took another moment to process the words that had fallen so sweetly from the other man’s lips and he jerked his head up as the taller man took a deliberate step back. Sherlock turned away from him and reached for his coat.
John glanced back at the man behind the wheel with his brows raised. “On the laptop or your mobile? Is he sending you texts now?”
Closing his eyes tightly, Sherlock’s head dipped, sagging between his shoulders. A long, aggravated sigh left his lungs. Then it came. “It was my fault, John. I could have prevented all of this months ago.” It was a guilt-stricken admission that not even John had anticipated from the mad genius.
"Can't say as I have ever been in a library that defies all proper principals of space and dimension, inside a house that looks fit to be the Queen's damned summer house." he retaliated, still irked by the man's less than helpful reply.  "I know that I'm dreaming, but what does that have to do with you?"
David leaned forward and met the mortal’s warm lips.  Gently cupping his face between his hand’s he deepened the kiss and did as the lover had instructed.
"My apologies." The man offered.  His tone was confusing, somehow seductive and not the least bit sincere.
As they drove in silence Louis watched the misting rain collect on the windshield and side windows of the car, streaking off and away as the car moved through the tightly knit London streets with fine-tuned skill and precision.  Although the Ferrari was fast and powerful they could have traversed the distant in a mere blink of the mortal eye, had they wanted to.  Louis preferred it this way.  He felt less immortal to ride in the vehicle and he did admittedly relish the sensation of the engine shifting gears as they glided through the streets.  The car came to a slow stop outside the Baker Street flat the dark haired vampire inhabited and they exited the vehicle, walking the short distance to the park at a mere canter.
Between one blink and the next John found himself pressed back into the wall with Sherlock looming darkly over him. He didn’t speak or move immediately. He didn’t do anything other than stare silently down at John, his expression an icy mask that showed absolutely nothing. John’s anger broke free and he didn’t think, just reacted.
He twisted and arched against Sherlock, muscles straining as he panted in the pleasurable torture being inflicted upon him, he couldn’t take any more. He finally broke. “Please,” The word escaped his lips on a cry as the detective bit his collarbone. His plea was rewarded by the genius’ tongue soothing the bite and increasing the speed of the hand stroking them both together.
The doctor showered, lingering in the hot steaming water that surged against his body from every bloody direction imaginable, allowing it to scald the hide right off of him, before he scrubbed the rest away.  More thoughts of Mary came, some warm, some cold, some wanted, some not, and he cried then.  He couldn’t help it, the tears just came, and he let them roll away with the hot water.
John had never liked to be analyzed.  It was why he had struggled so terribly with the psychiatric appointments he had been through before meeting with the detective.  But even those he had come to terms with, had realized were helpful even though he loathed them, and was why he had returned after Sherlock's fake death.  Sherlock wished that John would submit to his curiosity.  Allow him to study the new form that he inhabited, to understand it.  But it seemed the vampire never would and the detective was beginning to think he understood why.
"Stop that!"  John huffed, folding his arms and turning his body entirely away from his so-called friend.  With his gaze watching the lamp posts and streets signs whiz by out the window of the cab, the doctor muttered in irritation, "I should be at home, with Mary."
The sentiment so strongly felt only made the doctor harrumph.  He swallowed his own exasperated first response and managed to replace it with a more calculated reply. “I shall consider it.”
“He’s upstairs—oh, please, go straight away, and check on him will you?” She managed to get out between restrained sobs, as he dabbed at the red tip of her nose with a handkerchief she had produced from a sleeve end.
“Seriously." She replied, in lowered tone.  Then she quickly added, “And don’t give him any blood.”
Being outside only made the thirst worse, compounding the already terrible cloying feeling of it. They had been practicing each night, conditioning John to the temptations and addicting draw of the presence of mortals. They had a practiced route and routine, which they only deviated from slightly each night to create variation. This way John knew what to expect, when to expect it, and for now could try to prepare himself for enduring it.
Accustomed to darting over cold floor boards to a bathroom John let his feet linger, wiggling his toes in appreciation of the luxury.  Then he finally pushed himself up off of the bed.
Sighing, Lestat scrubbed his face with his hands before one slipped through his golden mop. Stopping to rub the back of his neck, he looked around the rooftop, avoiding David’s eyes. “To be honest, David. I don’t know where I was, all I remember is a lot of pain. One minute I was in that gaudy library delighting in the fantastic little family we were all going to become and then the next thing I knew, that slimy black eyed prick showed up. I don’t know where he sent me but it was like I was kissing the damned sun again.”
“Yeah, I suppose.” There was a pause at Sherlock’s unrestrained glee at the prospect of release until John continued. “On the condition—“ Sherlock scowled. “That you actually listen to me next time.”
John turned, looking up the stocking clad legs, the dark skirt, to the teal blouse, and the blond curls of Mary. She held an umbrella over her head and slightly towards him, to shield both of them from the torrent of water falling from the black sky. Her trench coat was getting soaked, the long hem dripping with the sopping downpour. Her face was pinched, disapproving.
Leaving the take away behind Sherlock grabbed his coat and scarf and rushed from the flat, slipping on both as he ran to hail a cab.
Coming out tonight the doctor had hoped that it would be the same, but it just wasn't.  He still felt that the sharp chisel of the man's high cheekbones dropping to that perfectly drawn cupid's bow mouth, always pursed in deep thought, was still alluring.  The length of those thin fingers stroking still tempting.  That icy gaze still captivating—
Then Sherlock seen it, those black wide eyes…
“Aside from him blowing up the place once I left with Sherlock, yes. I never saw him again until that damned night in the library.” Lestat turned to David, looking exhausted. “There, are you satisfied? Can we just—talk about anything else—I have a splitting head ache.”
The vampire rolled back, towards the other body in the bed. The mattress protested as the other made room for him to lie on his back beside him. The raven haired vampire was propped up on an elbow, close and reassuring, that placid calm face sincere and kind, as he looked down in earnest at the fledgling under his wing. The other man reached out with his hand and gave John that same comforting arm rub. The touch was different somehow than when he was human. It was a connection, a link to the other, as though he seemed almost a part of the other man. The thoughts passed through his mind, rising above the white noise of everything else that penetrated his head, ‘Do you wish to feed here before we go out?’
"Who the
Hearing a noise near him, John opened his eyes. Jumping as Sherlock’s upside-down face peered down at his burning thighs, his body leaning over the length of the chair, he regretted the action as pain shot through his neck and skull. He shifted and looked away only to jump again as the wet flannel was unceremoniously plopped into his lap.
Sherlock slowly raised his head, his eyes liquid, melted by the guilt and grief he exuded for this grave mistake. “But, can’t you see? All that has passed now, and I can’t change it. You can’t change it, either,” he pleaded. “I can’t lose you. You have changed, but so can I.” Something began to burn behind his eyes, brightening the once dull orbs. “We could be together-”
John followed, sarcastically, “I got your message. The one you sent while I was getting the piss kicked out of me. And by the way, I did have my own suspicions, thank you very much.”
He watched, mesmerized, as Sherlock slowly turned on a heel. The rich purple of his shirt pulled taut across his shoulders as he made a point of carefully putting the expensive instrument on its soft cushioning before turning to face John full on. He stood there, spine straight and face utterly blank, watching John watch him.
he stopped himself mid-thought, pushing the equally sticky door open as it thunked against the back wall with no effort and John approached the mirror.
“Something like that.” She replied, in a quiet distant tone, her eyes cast down to the fire in the hearth at their side.
"The means well within our control." Sherlock clarified, gesturing with open palms to the space around them.  "The mind palace is a place that I can manipulate to fit my needs.  We can change it into any scenario we wish."
John’s body twitched at the pleasure-pain and began pumping harder as he felt the teeth break the skin. Ecstasy filled him as he felt the first pulls of blood being drawn from him. His own head dipping back down he began to lap at the red leaking from his lover’s neck. All thoughts left the immortal as they made love. Blood and desire tied them together, winding them to greater heights that they had ever been before. Mouths pulled life into themselves as their pace became erratic. Their bodies were hard but yielding against the other as they strove for completion.
John certainly felt set up now, just not in the way he had expected.  Somehow that always seemed to be the case with the elder Holmes.  He crossed his arms and decided he had little alternative.  If he wanted to find Mary’s killer and he did not want to involve the younger Holmes, it was obvious that he would have to work with the bastard.  He repeated his previous inquiry, with a few extra expletives, “So what the bloody fucking hell do you want from me?”
John had two very immediate and very different reactions to that question. The first being an adamant no, his body tensing in automatic rejection to the thought. The second was an absolute yes. The idea of Sherlock surrounding him, being inside of him and driving him into ecstasy one thrust at a time made his cock jump in anticipation and a low groan to escape his lips.
“John.” The immortal twitched as he felt Sherlock’s long, cool fingers graze a delicious path along his spine. Quicker than he had thought the other man capable of Sherlock was up and crouched behind John’s hunched form. He suppressed a shudder as his hunger built at the name falling from those perfect lips. Deft, feather light touches drew his thoughts away from leaving and back to the lithe man behind him.
John dropped feather light kisses in his hair and down the exposed length of neck and began long, slow thrusts into the other man. He lost himself in the feel, the scent and sounds of his lover. It was perfect, their bodies made for one another. The familiarity of the other man’s body was a soothing balm to his tattered soul, the sounds a warm caress against his heart. The immortal pressed in deep before retreating. Show in his motions he rocked them into ever increasing level of pleasure, wanting this to last. His hand found its way into dark curls, the soft silk sliding through his fingers.
The face above his own was relatively stolid.  The thick dark brows were not raised or pinched together, the eyes were not crinkled or wide but simply there, the cupids bow above the slightly parted full lips, leaning closer still.  “I didn’t say it was urgent, John.” Sherlock repeated, his voice low in tone, nearly a whisper yet somehow grating with a devious undertone that proved arousing.  His gloved fingers tightened on his wrist and from his knee along the length of his thigh he felt the fingertips of the other hand tickling a trail upwards.  “I said that I needed you.”
It never ceased to amaze the detective the lengths to which
Greg rolled his eyes and cursed the detective.  Sherlock was a brilliant man.  He shouldn’t have to show up here and make sure he wasn’t high.  Grinding his molars, he gave the door a tentative push.  It resisted.  It wasn’t a solid resistance, so he pushed harder.  Whatever it was it gave a little—an inch.  He braced his shoulder against the door and gave a shove.  The door pushed open a little more, as something rolled over with a flop on the other side.  Now through the ten inch crack in the door way he could see a leather shoe, foot, and ankle—“Dammit, Sherlock!” he cursed, as he squeezed through the doorway to find the detective sprawled on the floor behind the door.
David was still looking at the woman’s body as he answered, “Three nights have passed and this is the fourth.”
procreating a super race together, Sherlock. Even if we could."
“Because,” the man lifted his chin and replied, simply, “he is like nothing that you have ever known.  Nothing even close to normal.”
The heat of the fire was welcoming, thawing him little by little, as Marisa dished him out a bowl of the same puffin soup.  They ate in silence by the fire.  He knew that she had been with her puffins all day.  Her fingers were dirty and ink stained, despite being pink from washing, and clinging to her jeans was still a feather or two as well as bits of heath.  The ringed notebook on the table was wet from being outside, worn, and well loved.  The ornithologist was dedicated, to say the least.
John did the latter for him.  With a press of his head, the doctor's lips were suddenly, crushingly, against his own.  They were open, hungry, and yearning.  This Sherlock knew the answer to.  He pressed his hips forward, wasting no time with hesitation, and grappled the man he had been aching to embrace.
Sherlock grumbled a mild protest but took the hand and got to his feet.  John did love it when he got the upper hand on the devil.  Sherlock was hilarious when he pouted.  He put all of his effort into it, pursing those full lips which only accentuated the strong cupids bow, lowering those dark eyes over a saturnine glare that brooked no argument.  The detective, however, complied fairly willingly with the doctor's directions now, allowing the other to pull him down the hallway towards his bedroom.
Perhaps it was his inability to comprehend all of the parameters of making such a decision, of what he would become, or maybe it was the shock and the blood loss that fogged his mind.  His gaze averted from the irascibly beautiful devil temptingly before him, as he incoherently babbled, “I…I need time—t-to think.”  It felt stupid and useless even to his own ears and the detective was shocked to realize that he had spoken the abhorrent blather.
“Mmm, it is quite possible.  Lestat goes where and when he wishes.” Louis answered her.
This glare was just about as satisfying as the first. It took only fractions of a second to ascertain that further requests were pointless and instead the detective focused on pouring out his current deductions. Yes, the postcard was obviously rubbish, a lame attempt to cover up the disappearance of John and Mary. The card-stock was inconsistent with those available in the region it was supposed to have originated from and had been printed somewhere in the greater UK and very likely, London proper. Mary herself was a harder egg to crack. Sherlock had little new information on who she was prior to becoming Mary Morstan. Her murder had been a significantly well planned hit, the clean-up had taken place the same evening. The clean-up crew were highly proficient, in and out with everything in less than 3 hours and without disturbing or rousing neighbors. Some of whom were beginning their morning rituals just as the last of the ‘crew’ locked up and vacated the scene.
He was free at last. He took pleasure in it, thankful that the puffin had seen fit to save them all.
Sherlock fished his mobile out of his pocket, as his pulse raced and an intense heat flushed his face.  Into the cell he typed:
The elderly woman was shaken and confused by this bewildering encounter and her mind was jumbled as a consequence.  She blinked a few times, her mouth moving but not a sound coming out as she tried to put everything together.  Of course her downstairs tenant had been with her earlier that evening.  He had been so kindly—why was Sherlock so depraved over the matter?  His outburst and intensity was frightening, all the more so because she could not make a lick of sense out of it.  She knew the answer, the man had told her himself where and why he was leaving, and finally she came to terms with the fact that it probably didn’t matter a toss to the detective that his behaviour made her question his sanity.  “Why, Louis is gone, dear, back to America.” She spit out, as she tried to wriggle from his grip.
His initial thoughts of returning to London had been a blend of yearning for home and normality, anger, and anxiety. The life he had lost was still there waiting for him to step back into—even though he had so irrevocably changed—he still had to deal with what he had left behind. Mary was gone, really gone, murdered and not by the creatures that had taken center stage in the drama that unfolded afterward. Her killer was dead but he owed it to her to find out who had ordered her execution, to give her some sort of justice. It was just as much for her as it was for him.  For this he knew he would need Sherlock.
David’s reply was calculated and forthright.  “One expects that someone who acts like a child also has the incapability to comprehend the repercussions of their poor choices…like a child.”
Sherlock also tried very, very, hard not to think about John.  It had felt like an easy undertaking when he had decided he would ban the man from his mind palace and yet it had proven to be the most impossible of decrees to uphold.  The man pervaded many of the room of the palace where he stored all of his data, his memories, and his experiences.  He would be sitting down to go through a filing cabinet, to sort and to organize what he had laid out to cover, and John would be there in his red chair, ankles crossed casually, tea cup in hand, asking what he was doing.  It seemed that it did not matter where he went, the doctor could find him.  It was destressing, frustrating, and even maddening.  Mycroft had always reminded him that feelings were not an advantage and Sherlock felt the disadvantage of them now more than he ever had before.  Many times he had woke from his meditations, shamed by wet cheeks and the fact that he had very little else accomplished.
The detective took the initiative. Beneath the shadow of an overhanging awning, he stopped and slid a hand between John and his leather jacket, cupping his side. The vampire gave a slight start, baring his teeth slightly, as he glared at the offender. The people were everywhere, and Sherlock could tell that as each passed, John would cringe ever so slightly.  “A little too close, Sherlock.” The vampire warned him, the words bit out through grit teeth.
He could hear his own rasping breaths, short, frantic, panicked and rushed by adrenaline, fear, and shock.  Yet he could no longer feel them, could no longer feel he was in control of his own lungs.  His eyes closed, if nothing else to stop the swimming of the ceiling above him.  There was a warm patter of something against his lips and his tongue naturally darted out to swipe them clean.  The shock of the iron taste assaulting his taste buds made his eye lids flutter open.  In his vision he could see those crystal blue eyes, as hands fervidly grasped either side of his face, and an ardent mouth was pressed over his own.  More of the offending liquid rushed into his mouth, consuming his palate, as his brain sluggishly registered what it must be—and then quickly deleted it—answering only with a sudden gripping need for more.
Now he was contemplating dating the man. John shook his head as he crossed the street amidst a throng of revellers. Ok, so he liked Sherlock, but could he imagine sleeping with him? Again? He thought back to last night, the feel of their bodies moving together, limbs tangled and breath rapid. A shiver crept along his body at the remembered passion between them. Yes, he could. Was he willing to take that step? That was the real question, the one that he had avoided all night.
Distantly he felt arms tighten around him holding him in place, straining against him for a long moment. After a time, those arms allowed him to collapse to the bed, staying firmly wrapped around John as the doctor drifted, floating slowly down from the high. Slowly reality drew him back and he found himself being pinned by the taller man.
“Because you ate them all. Bloody hell, I’m getting better at this!” John laughed, his chest swelling as he congratulated himself.
When the man held out his arm in a dramatic fashion, John just blinked at it a few times, not knowing what he was supposed to do. Slowly, he placed his white-gloved hand over the stranger’s own. John felt like an idiot and wished he was at home watching the Telly instead of here.
There was a loud clatter from overhead, the sound of something metal like tools falling to the floor, which jarred John’s military reflexes, making him jump.  His gaze was suddenly on the roof, his mind wondering,
“No, I think it actually makes sense.” John affirmed. “Louis had felt that Lestat was acting out of character. Not enough to suspect some kind of outside manipulation but enough to seem odd.”
John bit his bottom lip and brought a hand up to give his face a cleansing swipe.  How loud had he been already?  He took a deep breath and let it out, as the detective diplomatically explained, "If you knew that I had been there, than you know very well what I was doing, and for your information, I have verified all I need to know of your day slumber."
There wasn't much in this earthly realm that could hold the fiercely daring blond's attention for long and many of their kind would consider this his biggest crux. Louis found it impossibly vexing, for more often than not he also felt the repercussions of the blond's adventures because of the dynamics of their complicated relationship.
“You couldn’t have done anything, Greg.” John insisted, with a shrug.
The motion from behind became more rapt, more focused, and Sherlock had trouble stringing his words together, although he desperately needed to say them.  “I had…I had planned it.  Every detail.  I needed to…Ah, yes, yes!”
“He’s already agreed to take it.  He wants the dark gift.” Lestat said with a wicked grin, as he eyed Sherlock from over her shoulder.
Again, Sherlock’s mind was reeling at the reality presented before him, as he was puppeted along by a demon that stood before a golden alter in a medieval holy chapel. In all the experiments he had undertaken with illicit drugs and mind-altering substances, this was by far the most surreal trip.  Even the worst of his cocktail blunders and experiments hand never left him as disjointed from his physical being as at this moment
Against the cheek of his lover his own erection strained and John, in kind, lapped and licked at the swollen tip that yearned for more.  Just as the detective was reaching that point of no return, his lover pulled back, and in one liquid movement Sherlock found himself flipped, tummy on the cold floor of the morgue, as John pressed up behind him.  It was like two pieces that fit and worked only together were suddenly reunited, the cogs of their mechanism slipping back into gear, tandem movement once more a possibility.  He felt John’s hard erection pressing and raised his hips to meet his lover.  With a gasp and a shutter, Sherlock felt the head of his lover’s cock enter, pausing only the barest of moments for him to catch his stuttered breath, before it was forced forward and John pushed into him fully.
Yet the other’s company was not intolerable.  The other vampire had a far more content manner to the way he accompanied Louis, quietly pleased to simply make conversation, debate, and socialize.  It was what drew them together now and then over the years, the pleasure of one another’s content company.  Armand was right, he was unlike his own maker.  Lestat was never content, even though he could now and then act as though he were.  His mind was always moving, charging, running away with his sensibilities when life even slightly became trivial or mundane.  So there was the crux that betwixt this meeting.
Sherlock said nothing. There was no use perpetuating this mockery.
Those powerful fingers lifted from one shoulder and Sherlock found his head at the mercy of their pull, when his chin was captured and lifted.  He had no choice but to allow the movement and his head was tipped back until their eyes met.
They had been together long enough for the detective to know all the little spots that sent John’s pulse racing. The genius found them now, implementing them one at a time until he’d worked his way down to the other man’s waist. With deft fingers, he finally flipped open the buttons on the fly of John’s jeans. Sherlock blinked, surprised to find his cohort only half hard. A frown slid over Sherlock’s features as he pulled back far enough to peer into the half-mast eyes of the vampire. “You’re holding back, why?” he demanded, in his familiar way
“Hm, so he gave you quite the spanking the first time you met and that wasn’t enough for you?” David cracked a slight smile, catching the indignation on his makers face.
Molly Hooper had been right.  The detective did feel sad when he thought that the doctor was not looking at him.  Destroying Moriarty's established web of influences that criss-crossed the world over had been a formidable challenge, wrought with a plethora of twist, turns, and spiraling riddles that had kept Sherlock running, searching, dodging, destroying.  Yet he had accomplished it all and more, knowing that when it was finished he could return to John.  Finally.
John returned after only a few moments had passed, his eyes flashing up from the carpet to meet Sherlock’s with a look of resolve, unsuccessfully masking the discomfort he was feeling. The consulting detective genuinely did not feel any remorse for his clinical recounting of the facts and his findings. In fact, his mentality was the sooner John finished his mourning of the belated woman, the better. She had lied to John, the reasons not yet determined but it was unlikely for noble purposes that she had assumed a new identity. This was something that frustrated Sherlock, that he hadn’t caught on sooner to the façade of the woman and it only contributed to his impatience in making allowances for John’s emotional reaction.
The silence of the empty streets was both comforting and unsettling.  He wanted to be alone, didn't want any intruders to pry on his thoughts or to watch his harried escape—
"Out of love." Marisa implored. As she spoke of Mary it was the first time that the consulting detective could detect true emotion from her.  Not a mask, not a cover, but true sadness and regret. "She was like a sister to me.  Something neither of us had the privilege of having otherwise."
But he had one more question for her. “What do you know of Jim Moriarty, Marisa.” She stopped. She didn’t turn back to him, simply cocked her head back slightly. It was enough. “Surely, if he truly has returned from beyond the grave Iuris is paying close attention.”
“Yes,” David finally said, the word forced from him as though wrung out of his very being.  He followed the admission with well-known fact, “They have an invested interest in your affairs and are always watching.”
He glanced at the clock. John would be rising from his slumber soon and would need to be caught up with the recent changes. For now, the paper was folded back up, more simplistically and deposited in his front trouser pocket, as Sherlock went about preparing for the evening and John’s waking.
"How do you know that?" she said, her voice icy with skepticism.  Her glare was just as frigid.
“Close the damn door, you idiot,” she snapped.  It was more playful than it was scolding, but what surprised him more was the woman’s accent.  It was not British and it certainly was not Scottish, which he had expected.  It sounded, perhaps American.  He did as he was told and closed the door behind him, watching her roll those large eyes in an exaggerated exasperation, as she chided under her breath, “Londoners.”
John sent the detective. Sherlock’s mouth just gave him a smirk in response and John corrected the detective’s answer, explaining in a harsh whisper, “It’s hard to forget that you saw something most likely supernatural that you aren’t supposed to believe in.  Even harder so when you see it again, by some fluke, half way across the damn globe.”
“Does it feel different to you now than it did before? Or is it your body that responds differently to the actions?” The scientist was taking over, and what small humor John had felt at their predicament receded, along with other things.
John enjoyed this very much--pulling one over on the detective. It was a low blow, seeing the detective considered pop-culture unsuitable for his own retention, but there were very few places where he could get anything in on the man. He chuckled at the man's comically scrunched face, as he attempted to search his hard drive for a hit, and casually explained, "Just hit me, genius, with your best theory. How did Moriarty get this power?” he reiterated.
“Yes.  Handsomely.”
John chuckled, the sound reverberating along the cock he had just swallowed to the hilt. He took great satisfaction in making this man go insane with pleasure. I was one of the rare times when he had the upper hand and he was not about to cut that short. He languished affection on the erection, tongue, teeth and lips caressing the sensitive skin. He carefully wrung out every sound he could from the man beneath him, relishing every groan, every gasp and sigh.
It was said like it always had been said. A fact. ‘You were calling for
The vampire smiled, switching to his own mobile he opened up a personal favorite application of his. The camera snapped the digital images with a stunning clarity. It was remarkable how out of context the photos could appear with the right angle. Knowing Mycroft was in no danger—at least, not anything serious—did grant Lestat a swell of pride at his own deviousness, which could only be expressed with a Cheshire grin. He could feel it. It almost hurt his cheeks a little.
everything for him?  I am simply keeping myself entertained." There was a mocking remorse in the blond’s tone.
A soft sound made the blogger pause in his reading. It was soft and rhythmic, lulling at a slow and even pace. John twisted his torso to glance back around at his audience, only to be met with the sting of disappointment.
He swallowed, trying to find the purchase for his resolve. “I tried to save you. W-we were caught off guard. I wasn’t expecting to be attacked, not like that, not with you as the target.” He was babbling now, letting his reasoning flow freely, as her corpse held his hand and laid with her skull next to his head on the pillow. “You lied to me. If I had known…you could have trusted me…we could have saved ourselves.”
"Fine, whatever. I'll be back within the hour.  Do. Not. Leave." He had never had much luck convincing Sherlock to do anything the man didn't already care to do, and he could actually feel the annoyance of the other man along with whirring ideas on how exactly he would track John once he left.
He shook his head, as his vision blurred with tears. His throat swelled, as his breaths hitched inside his diaphragm. “No.” he breathed. Just, “No.”
John was already 26 minutes late arriving to 221B Baker Street when he was knocked, unceremoniously to the rough and dirty sidewalk. By the time he took his first step onto the landing of the flat, Sherlock had already solved the minor emergency that had prompted the summons. It was not that Sherlock actually required the ex-military doctor in order to come to the conclusion or solve the mystery, it was more so that there was no one about to exclaim how ‘bloody brilliant’ he was when the tumbling series of deductions was presented. There was a humanizing comfort in the way John always saw through the deductive capabilities of the dark-haired and brilliant man, who was now stepping away from the window after spotting the familiar silhouette fast-walking towards the flat.
“Step aside, John.” Lestat requested sweetly.
They moved together, their sweat-slicked bodies sliding. Their groans muffled by desperate kisses and hard nips, hands gripping and nails biting as the pleasure built. He couldn’t get enough of how Sherlock looked at this moment, curls in complete disarray, his normally pale skin flushed, body arching, blazing eyes never once looking away.  The most fascinating thing was the unending stream of silent words that he couldn’t hear falling from those kiss-swollen lips.
Those dark eyes seemed to relax with that confirmation.  Still the man voiced the obvious opinion regardless.  “So it was dumped then, was it?”
"Bullocks," Sherlock complained bitterly, still attempting to struggle, "you cheated. Using your war tactics."
“Can you find me the name or not?” John snapped, peevishly.
“I must go now,” The vampire whispered.
So he sat down as directed and the vampire sat down beside him.  Not too close, but close enough for John to feel uncomfortable.  For one, he was not sure what was going to happen, and two Louis was threatening, despite how the soldier in him fought that acceptance.  The creature reached out, the movement was slow and deliberate, similar to the type of movement he would make with a patient.  His fingers came to the back of his neck—they were icy cold—and his palm slid into place, applying gentle pressure to draw John’s upper half closer to him.  They came eye to eye and John noticed that his gaze danced between each sparkling emerald orb but Louis’ did not.  It was steadfast and intense.
The vampire struggled to keep his head upright. It lulled forward in his weakened state, like he were nodding off. John tried to look at him, to keep eye contact. Those dark stormy eyes were deep and intent now that the brunet had forgotten about mocking their tormentor. Those eyes said a thousand unsaid words, unfished thoughts, restricted longings and yearnings. It made his own heart spasm, as his gut filled with ice.
As he had suspected.  "And you just happened to be here?" he said, more acidly than he ought to, "Getting ready for the breeding season?"
Sherlock away from Lestat?  The guy who
It was massive and grandiose, to say the least.  The large double doors were immaculately carved and were surrounded by blue and green stained glass in a beautiful geometric pattern.  He rang the bell and a butler opened the door, inviting him inside without hardly a glance let alone a word.  John said a cheerful hello regardless.  The man continued to ignore him, as stone faced as a British Royal Guard.
The dark haired immortal stole a step backwards.  Their eyes lingered in a gridlock, each unwilling and unable to relent to the other, vigorously calculating and assessing, frustrated that thoughts would not pass unspoken between their vampirical minds.  Louis’ breathing soon normalized and slowly his calm passive façade returned.  He turned and leaned his shoulders back against the railing that led up to the stairs to the other flat above, his eyes gazing toward the ceiling.
“Hey, did you hear what’s been going on in London?" Soft curls in shades of chestnut and rich purple-burgundy bounced, with the excitement of this query.
“You look like shit,” he had blurted—he felt a slight wave of deja vu as he recalled the last time he had met with the detective.  In all honesty he looked slightly worse this time around than he had then, even without the dried blood and bruising.
John’s face, hair and shoulders were wet from the flakes that fell from the sky.  He didn’t care.  He was standing out on the patio, watching a pillow case disappear into the darkness of London far below him.  It was one of many messages he had sent over the railing, an idea that had come to him after he had happened upon a Sharpie in a desk drawer.  He had started out with toilet paper, thinking he could write many messages that someone out there below him might find, and then the wet snow had started.  He had stripped the pillows in the bedroom and wrote all over them things like,
John was with him.  Their need for one another was great and growing, all consuming, driving their bodies together, their hands through one another’s clothing and hair, and their mouths to work together as though one.  John was stronger than Sherlock had anticipated, more experienced and educated too.  Their love making he may have started, lit the flame that sparked the fire, but it was John who had accomplished it.  Sherlock had thought himself to be the aggressor, the hunter, the dominate lover, until John had shown his true colors, his true feelings.  He had usurped control the instant that Sherlock had initiated the slip from friendship to something more.  He had been eager and full of folly in light of John’s conviction to the cause.  John was solid and steadfast.  John had shown Sherlock things he had only observed between others—had once even considered irrelevant to his own life.  The press of another’s body for comfort, the closeness of another’s presence in a room, the sharing of oneself, and the receivership of another’s.
The vampirical vision that the dark gift had granted John did not aid the younger man any. Louis had warned him of this as well. That to see mortals now with the fullness of their gifts, meant only that they would see the very real fact that as every minute of every second passed, they were slowly dying. This was the first time that John had allowed himself to see it.
Sherlock tipped his head in recognition and acceptance of the remark and the subtle nuance that had accompanied it.  The man then explained, "The interest I am finding regarding it is only growing.  The body that we saw earlier had its throat torn open, not cut, and it was very efficiently drained of blood, not fluids but the blood specifically.  It is an odd occurrence if it only happened once but the man currently residing at the morgue at St. Bart's is not the first.  I have had Molly's help in monitoring for similar corpses but she is the only one—no one else within the city would cooperate."
The thought spurred him to open his eyes again.  Same.  Blackness encompassed him.  He closed them again. Where the hell was he?  The doctor tried to remember laying down and failed miserably.  Surely one would remember putting themselves to bed, yet no matter how he tried he couldn’t find it.  When he considered what he could remember, the throbbing in his head only seemed to increase, as if in defiance of his mental command.  He could remember Sherlock.  He could remember his dark wool coat, lapels raised about his impossibly sharp high cheekbones, shoulders hunched to keep the cold back.  He could also remember being with the detective in 221B after investigating the splattered remains of the Russian on the sidewalk out front.  He could see the detective standing in the darkened dingy alleyway, standing over the mutilated corpse of the drug mule.  He could remember smashing his fist into the other man’s face when he had suddenly reappeared out of nowhere, just up and inserting himself unceremoniously back into the doctor’s life.  He could see that tall dark form on the ledge of the Bart’s, hear his deep quavering voice in his ear over the mobile—“This is what people do, don’t they.  Leave a note.”—then…the fall.  His own strangled yell, “Sherlock!!”
The indignantly barked summons from her eccentric but dear tenant in 221B was barely audible through the cacophony of noise that surrounded the elderly woman.  Sherlock Holmes had always been an odd one but today he was certainly stretching thin that lean definition that she had learned to lend him.  The sound of crashing, banging, tinging, splashing, and even beeping had been filtering down from the upstairs flat since late that morning and the raucous had only grown louder and more agitated as it had progressed.
Louis dropped the phone back into his pocket and began home. It would have been a long walk back to his flat but Louis took the opportunity to truly look at the city, enjoying the architecture and design of the old world and the new. When areas became more commercial or less friendly to pedestrians he would move with the speed granted to him and so that by the time he rounded the block to his flat on Baker Street no more then a half hour had passed.
The vampire appeared to have snapped the man’s neck. It was then that Sherlock thought about the amulet, wondering where it was on the man, who lay across the bridge from him still. He saw Marisa slightly behind John, reaching out, but before either of them could do anything John had collapsed to the ground beside the dead man.
He thought about her beautiful smile and endearing heart. He thought about how she had taken him in, broken and abused, and brought him back from the brink of a self-indulgent suicide. This version that he knew of her kept morphing into what he was being told, into who she had been before him. This dark mysterious woman, with cold eyes and a steady gun hand. As she became this sleeker darker visage of herself, the red-haired Marisa appeared always behind her. A pale face watching from over Mary’s shoulder, half obscured by shadow.
Sometimes they were of that night, the night Lestat took him.  Those were the worst ones.  One might consider them more nightmarish than a dream.  He would hear Sherlock's scream from the other side of the mobile and then the crunch of his own skin breaking under the pressure of the blond monster's teeth—too loud and terrifyingly crisp to be real—as pain resonated throughout his entire being like liquid fire in his veins, when his blood was slowly, methodically, suctioned from his body, gulp by audible gulp.  Sometimes he could see Sherlock watching this happen to him over the face-time connection on the mobile.  At times, the detective would look horrified and disgusted.  He would scream and cry out, in as much pain as John could feel.  Other times his face would smile, horribly delighted and intrigued, utterly captivated by it all, those silver eyes of his alight with aroused curiosity.  Once Louis had arrived in time to save him, heal him, and keep him from their mutual maker's designs.  Most of the time he didn’t come at all, leaving John to wake and return to the reality of being what he was now.  A vampire.  A blood-sucker.  An Angel of the Night—a disgustingly romanticised way of viewing someone who killed to survive.
John opened an eye, wondering when he’d lost sight of the sky. “I’m not a girl?”
John did as he had learned and closed the bite wound with a little of his own blood.  He dumped the bodies in the back of the alley and left them for the rats.  Then he jumped and kicked himself upwards, propelling back and forth up the brick wall to the roof top in a flash of movement that no human eye could have seen.  The air up here was a little clearer and certainly smelled less of rot and piss.  He quickly checked his clothing and wiped his face.  There was a smudge of crimson on the collar of his button down shirt.
“This is not the correct key.” Sherlock looked unimpressed.
“It was my pleasure.” The detective replied, feeling his cheeks warm with affection.
Snapping his finger’s the vampire suddenly crumpled. Lestat’s breathing was ragged, all the muscles of his body shaking with exhaustion, as he lay in an awkward heap of limbs that had given way like a puppet with its strings cut.
It had happened before he could think, before he could understand, before he could stop it.  The jeans gave way too easily, pressed apart by the deft hands the worked them open and by the press of his own arousal against the enclosing fabric.  Sherlock’s mouth on him, he felt the head of himself taken between those wet pink lips, tongue tantalizingly flicking.
“Perhaps, you don’t need to block everything out.” The detective said, giving him a look askance. “Marisa had explained that one means of blocking out an infiltrator was to give them everything that they were not after.  To bombard them with meaningless, useless thoughts.”
David continued his descent, moving his mouth from the other’s down to his collar bone, nipple, and then slid his tongue along the length of torso to the naval, all the while spurred to continue further by the rapturous gasps and moans elicited from above as he worked.  He could feel Mycroft’s hands in his hair, running through and pulling at the dark curls that covered his head.  The grasping fingers of the mortal made the vampire smile, as he lowered even further, coming to his knees before the man, reaching a new barrier.
She was dreaming, beautiful dreams of herself as a young girl running through a sun-swept field full of wild flowers and hay for harvesting. She had been a beauty and as David fished through his pocket and silently tucked the pounds into the small cup beside her, the hazel eyes tiredly slipped open to look at him. Lids still heavy with the mist of sleep as she smiled at him, missing several teeth the smile was full of unbridled love that took David aback. A strange ache for his mother, despite the lack of physical similarities, welled in the pit of his stomach. He leant down and kissed her on the cheek, her head turning to knowingly accept the sweet gesture.
The young vampire pulled out his smart phone and began scrolling the internet for news related to himself and Sherlock. He needed to know where these two girls had gotten their information and he needed to know what else had been discovered, if anything, about the circumstances of their disappearance. Even if the truth was out there, it would never be published as legitimate news. So, he turned to a trick that Sherlock had taught him long ago—check the papers no one ever believed. John spent the rest of the evening in the café searching any information he could find on himself, Mary, and Sherlock. It was not until the shop closed that returned to his temporary home.
The keen emerald eyes met those starkly blue and green speckled orbs of the man himself, who peered back down at him.  Louis contemplated invading the man's protected mind and then quickly dismissed it, not wanting the attention the action might provoke.  He turned his gaze quickly away and stepped around the taped off section of cement to come in through the doorway of the building.  He had taken his time, mentally forcing himself to slow his steps, so as not to seem rushed by the mortal eyes that watched him.  Before he could get through the hallway and down to his own flat there was a thunderous decent from the flat above and the detective appeared like a flash, nearly jumping over the last railing of the staircase to stop him in his tracks.  Louis' hand had been on the knob and there was the strong urge to disappear in a lightning quick movement that his immortal self was capable of.  Yet something cemented his feet to the floor at the sound of the detective's desperate approach.
“And Lestat? How long has he been controlled?” the fledgling asked.
"Well, we certainly will have to at some point.” Sherlock protested, following quickly after his retreating friend.  “I cannot see how putting it off will make the inevitable conversation any easier.”
The flat screen that Lestat had managed to sneak in while he was out still hung broken on the wall above the fire place.  The chair that had kept him comfortable all the time he enjoyed eavesdropping on 221B above was clean of any remnant of his being, not even a stray hair clung to its patterned fabric.  Then there was the bookshelf, gaining fullness as his ever needy desire to read forced the vampire to return each night with at least a few fresh paperbacks.  The small flat boasted little else for the detective to draw from and he would soon return to his own residence, in begrudging frustration.
John nodded, taking a deep breath.
Slowly, how, he could not be certain, but the pain began to recede and for once he let the raucous clamor of other’s thoughts fill him. He gorged on it as he had the blood earlier, feeling the physical pain of the attack subside as he was consumed. He listened to the words, the sounds, thankful for their intrusion, when he suddenly realized that he recognized them—all of them.
“Dan-iel?” Came the cool questioning tone from his immortal companion as Louis appeared in the entry way from the stairs that led to the lower flat. The scowl directed at Lestat melted immediately into a relaxed smile when Mrs. Hudson turned to look at her newest tenant.
Sherlock’s head cocked to the side, his ruffled curls springing with the sharpness of the movement, as he scrunched the bridge of his nose in thought, and queried, “Wait. What’s the date?”
There was no pain.  He felt weightless again and completely exhausted.  The head pulled back from his neck, the mouth wet with his own red blood, as John’s deep blue eyes bore into him, hungry and greedy.    He tried to say his name, couldn’t hear the sound, and John gave him that small knowing smile.  His hands held him upright by the front of his shirt but Sherlock couldn’t stand, he was too tired.  He felt his body being lowered to the floor, onto something subtly plush and flat—the area rug in the parlor—John’s eyes never left his own, steady, firm.  His own eyes blinked lazily, he had never felt the draw to slumber like he did now.  He felt cold.
the memory of the way his voice sounded over the mobile that day was so painful—more painful than this attack that left him hunched and unable to move—that his eyes pricked with tears. He should have known. Why hadn’t he been clever enough to figure it out? Why had he not waited. All of this was his fault. All of this was of his own making. If only he had believed.
"Dammit, Sherlock! We only
“If I didn’t know any better,” she said, shaking a finger at him, before pinching his cheek like an adoring great aunt, “I’d say you had arranged to get rid of me.”
“It was either a date with the telly or I came out here.” John continued.  He paused, with a huffed chuckle, and sarcastically he quipped, “Pretty sure you need no deductions to figure out which one I chose.”
Why had it been so easy to be at Baker Street again?  Why had it felt so good to be with him again?  Why did he have that dream…
“Yeah, but you would purposely point out the worst of what you observed because you knew the girls would leave.” She added, with a sly smile.  She took a sip of her tea and then continued, “I didn’t believe Candace.  I thought she was being overly dramatic when she accused you of your dastardly boorishness.  Not that I don’t believe you can be an utter prick when you want to be,” she laughed, “but she was insistent that you had designs on the doctor.”
“Oh, he won’t listen to you.  He never has.” The vampire replied, in a maliciously dark timbre.  His mouth kissed the doctor’s throat, then again just below the curve of his jaw, before he felt teeth piercing the lobe of his ear.  Sherlock cried out his name again and then something else—he was talking to the vampire, negotiating, but John had trouble following it.  The mouth let go and then he felt the chuckle rumbling from the chest pressed against his back, before the vampire issued him an ultimatum.
Sherlock resigned to the fact that this unearthly feeling of vulnerability had left and so had John’s uncontrollable attraction to him, so the detective clothed himself, grabbing his flannel bottoms and a white cotton tee.  Then the two of them set to cleaning the guest in the kitchen.  The poly had saved much of the room from the mess and John couldn’t stop talking about how glad he was for it.
The puffins had many colonies along the high cliffs of the isles sharp rigid shoreline and Marisa would frequent each daily.  She was not just silent and stealthy, she was lithe, incredibly graceful, and surefooted.  She could clamber down natural holds in the wet cliff face to a free space where she could rest, watch, and record.  When Sherlock found her, he would watch and study her in the same way that she watched her puffins.  That was until she spotted him.  Then she would get mad and crawl back up to give him a tongue-lashing that was as incredible and it was succinct.  He did not believe these little outbursts could count as conversation.
The vampires stilled under the onslaught of the younger man’s emotional revelations. He was not sure what this was. A confession? An argument? Or an apology? Most likely all three woven into one jumbled mess of words. Sherlock’s blazing eyes had cooled, something dark coming over them as they were suddenly glistening with moisture. The man was panting with exertion. Whether it was to keep in what he feared letting out, or the fact that he had quite possibly already let too much out. All John could do was repeat his name, confused by the conflicting emotions that both of them were emitting.
There were people screaming all around in the street, running frantically about or frozen in place.  Lestat cursed under his breath. Wasting no time, he tossed the detective into the passenger seat, before he quickly got behind the wheel and the silver Benz roared off into the night.
“Iuris.” She replied, with a shrug. “The Talmasca let them do it. It took a loose end off of their hands. Kept them clean.”
"Who was that?" John inquired, as they caught a cab back to the safe house.
His movements were smooth as he lowered Louis back to rest on the grass, while his hand replaced the workings of his mouth, sliding the throbbing shaft of the other immortal. Louis’ eyes were scrunched shut as fingers dug into the earth below him, chest heaving with the fast breaths.  He gasped between low groans of pleasure. Armand was positioned between the spread legs, his own erection painful and weeping from desire.
There was no question who it was from and he found his stomach flip at the prospect of seeing the vampire again—still weird.
The sensations of pleasure and pain wound in John as he thrust deeper, harder. Gripping the man’s hips, he shifted the detective more onto his hips and leaned in further, a better angle as their bodies moved together to hit the prostate. He knew he found the right spot when Sherlock’s nails dug in and his head fell back with a breathy moan. “There John, right there.”
Targeted movements found the hard numb of Louis’ pert pink nipple pinched between those skilled fingers, rolling it softly and teasing it to erectness in time with the darting entrance of his attacker’s tongue between the parted lips that moaned his approval into the others mouth. His own hands were trailing without the eloquence of his assailant’s, the passion and precision of Armand’s actions were over-riding his own thoughts to execute a returned assault. His eyes slid open to see the smoldering embers of amber meet his own. Dark with desire, lips wet and pink from their kisses, his breath like his skin, was warm from recent kills and sweet with the smell of cinnamon and cedar.
It was useless to question him on where he had been.  His immediate and only response was that he had been looking for John.  The consulting detective always said John, never Mary, and finally Lestrade had called him out on it.
"Always, Louis. There are little alarms that go off whenever I cross your mind. It's quite annoying actually with how frequent it is and all. I wasn't going to say anything but now that you mention it..." The voice was comically apologetic towards the end of the jab.
“It doesn't matter now, does it?” The other snipped with disappointment in her tone before she sighed deeply. “She was just a cover. You know, them being famous and all.”
Awfully pretentious of the thing to assume that he would just lie back and wait for his return.  For all Sherlock knew he could be half way around the world from London, making his main priority for the moment to ascertain just where the cottage was.  It was small, probably a one or two room construction, from what he could see and smell of the interior.  Despite being in a fairly comfortable bed and hooked up to an IV, no doubt with the morphine the other had promised, he was no where near a medical facility, if he had ever entered one at all.
Sherlock’s eyes shot to John, whose gaze was bouncing like a pinball between the naked body of David, what appeared to be the naked form of Mycroft sitting at his desk, Sherlock alive and looking as if he was about to be sick, and the bastard Lestat. The room was rank with the smell of sex and blood, making John’s nostrils flare with urges he had trouble supressing and his head swim. Lestat's horrible screeching laughter, piercing his ears and flaming red sparks of pain behind his eyes.
John knew that Sherlock was enjoying his attentions for a variety of reasons. His rapid indrawn breaths, the low sounds in the back of his throat, his twitching hips and the weeping cock that John had so far been ignoring were only a few of those reasons. He tested and teased, trying to gauge how gentle was too gentle and how hard was too hard.
No, there was no way. He just needed to have a drink and figure out what the hell game the mad genius was up to now.
John could hear himself chuckling darkly in the dream.  Snide and aloof he knocked the outstretched hand down to the floor and stepped on it, hearing the detective cry out.
"St. Kilda."
His fingers tightened in the black curls and with a savage reef he tore the mans head clean from the body. That had been the last violent moment before he had startled himself awake in the blackened room.
John’s eyes went wide and glaring.  He blinked a few times and tried to stifle the laughter, as mockingly he pointed at Louis, and chided, “You’re a fucking loon, that’s what you are.”
“Mmm-no.  Bored.”  Sherlock amended his friend’s guess.  “I think he’s become bored with it all.”
Sherlock could see the transition. He could see the mask of a soldier about to go into battle take over the rage that had burned there only seconds before. This was a battle unlike anything the two of them had experienced before. They were as ready as they could be.
John cursed under his breath.  He didn’t want to spend too much time with his old friend, now that he was—well, what he was—thank goodness he had just fed—but he also did not seem to have another option.  “Look, why don’t we slip in somewhere to discuss it further.” He paused and gave a wary look over his shoulder and then added in a hushed tone.  “Little too public out here.”
Sherlock dropped his head and began coating his back in soft, distracting kisses, and gentle nips. John gasped as the man began to fill him again, his muscles straining as he forced himself to stay perfectly still and not tense up again. He was startled to realize that surprisingly, it didn’t feel that bad. He slowly relaxed again, beginning to if not enjoy, at the very least accept this.
"Did you use your dark gift to figure that out?" Louis' reply was said evenly, but the sarcasm was still apparent to the other.
“I ate your left overs.” She stated calmly, in a very matter-of-fact tone, without bothering to turn or glance back at her company.
John drank from the man as he had never allowed himself to. He drank gulp after gasping gulp. He didn’t breath, he did not have to now, and stopped in order to consume more of the liquid gold that lit his belly with coils of pleasure, that spread out from there to his groin and onward to every other limb. But somehow, the vampire belatedly realized, the man was not a part of this exchange. The mind connection was not there, as it always had been before, flooding open so that for that short time while he fed the two felt as one. His swallows slowed, as he tried to force himself to think past the erotic drink. He reached out mentally. It was like cloying his way again in the darkness that Ludvik’s mind trick had started with.
As he drifted back from the euphoria of sensation John noticed the sudden discord between his body and Sherlock’s own lightly thrusting form. Before he could clear his head enough to think or do anything the man’s nails raked down his sides leaving fiery trails in their wake. John arched as he cried out, partly from the shock of the light pain, but mostly from the sharp pleasure induced.
He grabbed the old blanket and gave it a shake.  A plume of dust rose into the air at the action, before he wrapped it about his shoulders like a shroud, to cover his naked form and to take on the role of his clothing, which was notably absent.  Then the detective turned on his heel and in a determined fashion he began to make his way around the bed to the closed door on the other wall.  It opened with a creak of old hinges, rusted by the sea air that rushed into the room.
There was a thrill that quickened his pulse as he watched the two men entangled in their ecstasy. He hadn’t really imagined the snooty and guarded mortal man to be the type who would go for the impropriety of a romp on the office desk. Government papers had been knocked askew, a lamp pushed back and dangerously close to meeting the floor, the order of the workspace completely forgotten for the passionate embraces that followed.
“Back to London. Back to Baker Street.” The detective answered. He sounded forlorn one minute and then a soft chuckle made his voice fond again. “Mrs. Hudson was upset but she was glad at least I was back, even if I was half mad. Lestrade was angry. Everyone wanted answers, wanted to know where you and Mary were, and I had nothing to give them but excuses.”
The intruder wasn’t particularly concerned with being discovered and even though he could detect no forced entry, the detective knew the threat level was low. Continuing towards the kitchen, Sherlock heard the clatter of dishes being dumped into a sink full of water. As he stepped into the modest space spotted the familiar figure of Marisa.
The brunet’s pale gaze roamed the other man’s person, darting up and down over the jeans hastily pulled on, the rumpled black jacket taken from the floor, and the simplest of twists in the long sleeved burnt-orange shirt—all suggesting that John had left his bed—
“I am beyond your pity and your warnings, brother!” Sherlock snapped, his fingers balling into white knuckled fists on the arms of the chair he sat within.  His dark brows came together over his blazing eyes, as the panic broke through his resolve and a thin layer of condensation gathered over the reddened scleras.  “I am asking you.  Please…I need your help.”
