She just gave him a look that basically said ‘not another word or so help me…’ Expect Sigar was never really intimidated by his wife and he knew that his wife wouldn’t do anything even if he did say another word. So he simply nodded and gave a fake smile. “Well, I’m famished! Shall we eat?”
John shakes his head and stares at him, “I’m getting married Sherlock! Do you not understand that? You know, I think coming here was a bad idea! I’m sorry I bothered you!” He stormed for the door and stopped. “I’m fucking pissed at you... and I don't think I’ll ever get over it to be honest, but I would like you to come to my wedding... after that I don’t want to see you again.” He wants to... He wants to so badly, but this is for the best.
You know... I really hate John's dad.... Stupid Ted!!!! Also I realise that I am rather a terrible person.. But I'm 19 almost 20.... I should live my life to the fullest and write a bunch of angst!
“Clean me off… I just feel like it’s so against your nature… but here you are doing it.” He smiled happily and held Sherlock close to him.
John nodded once and then just left the room. He was so stupid! He should have turned back once he realised what Sherlock was doing, but he didn’t. At least Sherlock had made a point to tell him he actually didn’t want to be rude, it was a welcome change to the way he had been treated this past month. Anxiety crept within him and he leaned against the wall and closed his eyes, he felt so awful that he didn’t tell Sherlock until just now and frankly everything just sucked. He was depressed and practically empty, but he never showed Sherlock that side of him because Sherlock had his own problems and he didn’t need John's on top of that. Not to mention John didn’t exactly want to open up and lay himself bare in front of the man that was cruel to him on most days. No, not all the depression he felt had to do with Sherlock, a lot actually had to do with the war, but still Sherlock was the cause of some of it.
“Sherlock’s dead.” Again, there was no emotion. Guess saying it out loud didn’t make him break at all. But saying it out loud still didn’t make it feel real, he was a doctor… he knew he was just in shock, he knew the emotions would hit him like a car slamming into a brick wall while going 161 kilometres per hour once he wasn’t in shock anymore. He took a calming breath and closed his eyes as he counted to ten.
John frowned more, hadn’t she seen the news? He never told her he had died, but it was plastered everywhere right after it happened, for weeks after it happened. He sighed and just decided to drop it, he wasn’t blind and he saw the empty pill bottles strewn around the house. She probably didn’t remember a lot of things these days. “Never mind.” He sighed.
John smirked, honestly ever since their talk he had a good feeling about his and Sherlock's future. “Well, you should! Now come on!”
A couple of hours later John woke up and tried to get out of bed, but collapsed almost immediately and groaned. His whole body felt achy, his head hurt so much, and his legs were clearly not working at the moment. He tried to think back to why he was hurting, but he couldn’t remember anything really. He tried to climb back onto the bed to reach Sherlock, but just ended up groaning some more. “Sherlock… Sherlock! Wake up…”
Umbrella man hummed and leaned against his umbrella, “Oh, you most certainly can. You seemed to have moved in with one Sherlock Holmes. Is that correct?” He raised an eyebrow.
John clenched his jaw even more. He was afraid that if he clenched it any more he would break his teeth – those perfect, perfect teeth. He really needed to stop clenching his jaw or he would have to wear dentures by the time he was twenty. Sherlock called Irene
It was now Mycroft’s turn to roll his eyes. Secretly, he was proud of his baby brother for finding someone, especially considering how hard things had been for the boy. He was immensely proud of him and extremely happy, but he would never admit that to Sherlock. Instead he just went back to his newspaper and tried his best to ignore the couple in the kitchen.
just like oh my fuck like down below i will show you!!!!!
John frowned slightly and opened his eyes again, was he really going to talk about mundane things, or was he building to the bigger picture? “I’ve been better, but I’m not the worst.” He replied, not bothering to ask him how he had been. He knew small talk was not the reason the detective called.
One of the lesser ones, but still a joke nonetheless. ALRIGHT GUYS PLEASE PLEASE COMMENT BECAUSE COMMENTS FILL ME WITH JOY THAT NOTHING ELSE IN THIS LIFETIME OR UNIVERSE IS CAPABLE OF
DEUCES!
He stayed in the bath for a long time before he got out. He would have stayed in longer, but he had to get out because of school. School was completely awful without John to make it better, but he had chemistry where they got to sit together so he thought that that was alright in a way... Sherlock didn’t talk to John and John didn’t talk to him, but he was sitting next to John and Sherlock thought that that was at least better than nothing. Sherlock got dressed and then managed with his curls before he went downstairs to leave.
Knock knock!
John still didn't say anything, but after a moment the door creaked opened and Mike walked inside.
John wanted to roll his eyes because of course a goody two shoes like Sherlock would help someone out who was supposed to be on death row, “So you stopped the execution?” He asked a bit with his eyes wide.
ALL HAIL QUEEN CYRUS!!!
whos there?
“And now you fucking hate me and you’re going to leave me forever so all of this was for nothing because I’m a terrible person!” He cried into John's chest, clinging to him like his life depended on it.
and you’re still keeping me away. I can't – I can't do it anymore...” He whispered quietly, “I really can’t… so if that’s what you want then just tell me because I would rather know now instead of living my life wearing a semtex vest, walking around aimlessly until it finally blows up. Because walking around knowing that that vest is going to one day explode and kill you, but not knowing when, is agony.”
John nodded slowly and ran his thumb across Sherlock's, “I know it is, I can see it... and I’m always here for you, but I can’t help you unless you open up, which is why I think you should let me in on what happened when I was away. You know everything that I went through, love, but I’m completely in the dark with you. I can’t fix this – I can’t fix
Sherlock took it off and threw it on the floor somewhere. He just wanted John – especially now because he didn’t know how much longer he had with the boy and that pained him. He wanted to be as close to him as possible. Sherlock pressed their bare chests together and shivered as their warm skin came in contact. He whimpered softly and hooked a finger under the waistband of John's pants.
“No! I’m just brilliant! I have been tracking you for months, Doctor, months!! I need to know how it works!” He flailed a bit and was still grinning.
,but still, Sherlock felt an attachment to the boy. “No. You take the bed.”
MOSTLY COMMENT THOUGH BECAUSE A COMMENT IS LIKE A POT OF GOLD AT THE END OF THE RAINBOW
Anderson was about to open his mouth when more officers walked into the room. They ran towards Sherlock and John and grabbed both of them. “Who let you into this crime scene?” one of the officers asked, he seemed slightly annoyed, but not angrily so.
John smiled tightly and then ran towards the street and hailed a cab. He climbed in and had it take him to the place where he parked his car and then he went to his mansion. He walked through the doors and grinned slightly at the familiarity of it. As soon as he walked in though Mike practically ambushed him, “He’s in the basement. How’s Sherlock taking it?” He asked as they walked to John’s room so he could change.
Sebastian was silent for a second, “You were supposed to torture him.” He finally spat.
Sherlock rested his chin on the top of John's head and rubbed his back, “Because you’re my John and you’re a soldier. Please just hold on longer for me.” He closed his eyes and squeezed John tightly.
By the time it got to be six in the morning, Sherlock was starting to worry. He shouldn’t, John was a grown man and had lived on his own for quite some time. And the fact that Sherlock was now back and alive he knew John wasn’t going to try anything. He just needed air, that much was written all over John's face when he came out of the room. But how much air did John need?? It had been literally hours. He pursed his lips and called Claire to see if he was over there. Maybe he went to her house, or Zack’s, if either one of those were the case Sherlock could at least be at peace enough to calm down.
Sherlock paused and narrowed his eyes a bit and then stepped closer with his head cocked to the side. “I know you’re an Army doctor and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a brother who’s worried about you but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him – possibly because he’s an alcoholic; more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. And I know that your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic – quite correctly, I’m afraid.”
John cleared his throat, “for the record… we didn’t actually do anything. Just snogged some.” He looked away awkwardly and decided to focus on an outlet that he suddenly found very interesting for the moment being.
Sherlock growled and finally decided to punch him, “I. AM. NOT. AN. ADDICT! I could stop any time I wanted!” He snarled, shaking his hand slightly. The blow didn’t hurt the man at all, but that’s because he used the hand that punched the brick wall and it was sore. He didn’t have the power behind it to actually hurt him.
John narrowed his eyes and glared at Mike, “right! And who the fuck is going to love me for me? I would have to hide who I really am my whole entire life and I’m sorry, but I would never stoop so low as to lie to my own partner. They should know everything about me and I should know everything about them.”
Sherlock smirked. “Well I guess that only leaves one option doesn’t it? We will both take the bed.”
Mike looked at the wall and sure enough the bullet was in there. He swallowed hard and tried to think of what else to do but he honestly had no idea and there was so much blood!
“Where am I..?” He whispered.
John chuckled softly when Sherlock whined out in disappointment as he pulled away, “Hey now, you are the one who wanted me to stop. No whining.” He hummed and kissed his lips softly.
“Yeah, sure, what is it, mate?” He asked without looking up from his book.
also if you just stumbled upon this story you should check out my other story!!! TULIPS OF LOVE!! just click on my name and you will find it, but actually i know you are all lazy arses so here you go...
John felt his heart shatter and his world collapse. He honestly felt worse than when Sherlock was dying, at least that way he still loved John. “Nope... No, you don’t mean that... What we have is real and I know it was. It wasn’t an experiment – it couldn’t have been an experiment – because it went on for
He got to his car and then peeled away, speeding to the mansion. He was lucky he didn't get pulled over, but he wasn't really thinking about that.
She snapped and kicked over the coffee table. "I DONT BLOODY FUCKING CARE! Do you want to know where your precious John is???" She snarled with such malice that she didn’t even recognise her own voice.
John looked at him for a minute and then slowly wrapped his arms around Sherlock, “How’s that?” He asked softly.
Sherlock blushed and John about lost it, “Well, I most definitely got lucky with him.” He chuckled and smiled softly at John, “What John sees in me I will never know.”
John swallowed because Sherlock was offering to eat a sandwich when Sherlock hadn’t been eating at all... Plus, the fact that Sherlock telling him to stop blaming himself was easier said than done, but a shower did sound lovely… He nodded slowly and stood up. “Promise you’ll be alright..?” He asked as he bent down and grabbed the bag that Mycroft had brought him on the first day.
Sherlock slowly turned his head to the side and saw John. At first his heart swelled with happiness and love, but then he remembered what John had done to him – what John had done to hundreds of people, “What are you doing here?” He said lowly and glared at him.
John mentally kicked himself and closed his eyes. He took a deep breath. “It’s umm… it’s nothing… I just meant that me and Harry used to have sleepovers on the floor together all the time, I’m used to it,” John lied. He couldn’t possibly tell Sherlock the truth!
“I certainly hope you didn’t strain anything from last night… from the noises you two were making it sounded like someone was dying,” Mycroft said as he kept his nose in his newspaper.
Sherlock wanted to cry, but he would not cry in front of these people!! “No... “ he whispered, “he won’t hear me anyway...” Sherlock had been talking to him for two weeks straight... he had already said everything he had wanted to say.
“Nothing… it doesn’t matter… it was a shot in the dark, really... I don’t even know if it is true... best not to say it….” he blabbered. ‘Great, now I’m blabbering,’ he thought bitterly to himself. John was capable of doing strange things to him and he wasn’t sure he liked it. He wasn’t sure he didn’t like it, either.
jOkE oF tHe ChApTeR:
Mycroft swallowed thickly and stood up immediately. “Nope. Not at all. Sherlock, come on,” He grabbed the other pair of keys and ran to the garage as well. He didn’t know what was going on, but after doing a bit of digging on John’s family history he knew it couldn’t be good – not good at all. And even if he was never going to admit it to anyone, but himself, he cared for Sherlock a lot… Sherlock was his best friend and he knew that if something – anything were to happen to John, Sherlock would not be okay – that and he seemed to be growing fond of John. John was good for his brother in a way that no one ever was and Mycroft knew he couldn’t always be there for Sherlock. Though, he was always going to be there for his brother when he could and right now Sherlock needed him even if he didn’t realise it yet.
Sherlock's breath hitched and he was silent for a while before he nodded slowly, “Okay... follow me...”
“Oh, Well… That’s cute.” He blinked a little. “Let’s go home so that I can take you to bed.” He snickered.
John and Sherlock were able to sneak past Mrs. Watson without her noticing and his father wasn’t home, thankfully. John sat on the edge of his bed while Sherlock looked around John’s room. “And that’s my trophy I got for winning best player of the year in rugby… I didn’t think I deserved it, but hey, if they wanna give me a prize I’ll be more than happy to take it,” he smiled and watched as Sherlock moved about.
He had never felt this kind of pain in his life before. It was like every single thing that had ever hurt him from the second he was born was all compacted into a ball and thrown at him. He felt overwhelmed and tired and there was no point. No point in anything. He barely had the energy to speak and he just wanted the pain to go away. He remembered Sherlock's speech about how he felt, how he would never let them win... He was starting to wonder if that was a test because Sherlock knew that he would break John to the point where it was unbearable. He wondered if Sherlock just told him that to see if John was strong enough or if he would let Sherlock win completely. John wouldn’t give up so easily... Not yet. It hadn’t even been a day and he was already contemplating on the idea of killing himself. God, he was pathetic, just like Sherlock had told him. Sherlock was never wrong.
John gasped and his breathing stuttered. He didn’t realise how badly he wanted to be touched until Sherlock touched him, well he wasn’t even really touching him, but his prick was no longer being neglected and it felt glorious.
John screamed and tried to move, but his body felt like it was paralyzed. He felt so relaxed, but at the same time so heavy and he was confused. He didn’t understand what was happening and Sherlock was yelling at him. Well, Sherlock wasn’t really yelling at him, but in John's little delusional little mind he was. “MYCROFT!!!!” John sobbed. “MYCROFT!!!” he tried to bat Sherlock away, but he wasn’t even really moving.
John had no idea where to go. He could go back to his home because his dad wasn’t there anymore, but he really didn’t want to see his mother. He felt awful and he tried so hard to control his anger, but sometimes he just blew up. He could be a hot head sometimes and that was always a bit of a problem… Perhaps he needed counselling or something because lately it seemed to be getting less controllable. He groaned as it started to rain because he was wearing a nice suit and he had nothing else to change into. It was also getting late and he felt like he had been walking for hours. He walked aimlessly around some more until he ended up at school. He blinked and then figured it was better than nothing… He tried the front doors and side doors, but of course since it was a weekend and it was late, they weren’t going to be opened. He went to the gym and tried that door and was surprised to find that it was unlocked. He quickly ran in and closed the door behind him.
John gaped at her, “The fuck is wrong with you? I just said I didn’t want to go through with it! Last time I checked sex was consensual, I will call the police!” He brought his knees in tighter and placed his chin on the top of them, glaring at her as he did so.
John sighed and scrubbed his face. “Am I an intimidating person? I would like to think so, but yet I get job after job asking me to do something stupid for little amount! And don’t get me wrong Bill... I don’t need the money... I really don’t! I have more money than I know what to do with, but it’s the principle! If I let one person slide then my name will start to go down and people will start talking saying I’m a pushover, BUT APPARENTLY PEOPLE DON'T TAKE ME SERIOUSLY ANYWAY!!” He screamed.
Brian hummed and gathered Sherlock up in his arms as he kissed the top of his head, “well, if I didn’t know any better I would think that it was my birthday.”
“I didn’t tell him! He–“ No, Mycroft wouldn’t tell John about Sherlock's problems... he would have Sherlock do that, “I didn’t want to build his hopes up just to watch them crash and burn!” He wouldn’t make it through that... “I had to make sure it was you... when I got the call, I honestly thought it was a prank call, or they had you confused with someone else. I sent the helicopter regardless because if it was you, and I didn’t… I-” He took a steadying breath and closed his eyes briefly, “I honestly didn’t actually expect to find you here…”
“Mummy!” Sherlock squirmed out of her grip. He was extremely embarrassed and as red as a tomato, but he would give anything to go back to that moment...
The man slowly let him go and then smirked, smoothing out Sherlock's shirt before pulling back “James Moriarty, actually... but I think I like Moriarty better than Jim or James. God, I hate my first name, but you already knew that.” He hummed, “I’ll see you around, Sherlock.” He gave a toothy grin and patted him on the back. He blew Sherlock a kiss and then walked away, swaying his hips a little as he did so.
Sherlock gasped and then collapsed on the bed breathing heavily. He closed his eyes and swallowed thickly because he was hoping that this would get rid of the pain, the emptiness, the unbearable sadness he was feeling, but it didn’t... if anything it just made it so much worse and he hated himself for it. John might not be there, he might not be on earth, but he knew it would hurt John if he knew. He hadn’t even waited five minutes before jumping into bed with someone else.
John’s hands flew up to his dad’s hand that was currently in his hair. He tried to tug his dad’s grip away, but he couldn’t do that without ripping his hair out. He was in so much pain and he just wanted this nightmare to end. He also knew that his dad was overusing the word fag just because John had pointed out that he didn’t like it. God, he really wished he hadn’t said anything, and in truth if Sherlock wasn’t here he probably wouldn’t have, but… He just really didn’t want Sherlock to see this at all and instead of being silent and just taking whatever his father had to say, he had gone and made it worse. Fucking great job, John.
Just like me.” He sung and then laughed weakly.
“Are we going to tell anyone that we are now... uhhh– together…?”
John walked into their – no… his – flat and slowly sat down in his chair. He stared at the wall and didn’t say anything, he didn’t have the energy to talk, but it didn’t matter because what did you even say in a situation like this?
“Well, whether you do or don’t, it isn’t my problem, but she’s dying and Sherlock doesn’t know. So now you get to tell him.” He smirked and laughed more.
MADAME FOOT IS STUCK IN THE DOOR!
Well i dont really know what to say other than get ready to ball your eyes out.... fuck.
The Detective held out his hand and smiled warmly. “Detective Inspector Garrett.”
“I CAN’T, MYCROFT!!” John sobbed more and clung to the barely breathing Sherlock.
The man opened his mouth, but nothing came out so he cleared his throat and opened it again, “Mycroft Holmes...”
Donna blinked a little bit. Sherlock was standing there smiling like a Cheshire cat. It was a bit unnerving in a way, but nevertheless she stepped into his flat with The Doctor by her side.
Sherlock sighed and wrote back.
, it was about destroying my son.” He huffed a bit. “Your words were meaningless to me and again, since this wasn’t about you I respected your privacy.”
Damn. if you read Tulips then you know that I suck at Chapter Summary's, but i also had leaving them blank.... or like anything blank... which is why the notes are basically just like bingle bongle dingle dangle yickety doo yickety dah ping pong lippey toppy too tah which is also my code word for sex... well fuck.
Sigar swallowed and jerked his head to the side a bit. Then smirked and looked right into John’s eyes as he started laughing, “Lily has cancer, John. She’s going to
“I- I’m not quite sure I’m ready for that…” He took a breath, “But we are getting there. I still want to hear the whole story. Why you did it. Why you couldn’t tell me. What happened while you were away…” He said quietly.
John sighed and looked at him, “What’s on your mind?”
I'll probs forget about the notes and he'll just stubble upon this and laugh because I have a giant obsession with him and his show and johnlock...
with her!
Lestrade laughed. “Oh, but he’s not now is he? No, you kicked him out! He had nowhere to go so he confided in me, however, he didn’t show up for our little adventure so I suppose that you will have to do.” He smirked and started to unbutton Sherlock's shirt.
Sherlock hadn’t moved from John's bedside, unless Mycroft forced him to take a shower. That had only happened three times so Sherlock really hadn’t left all that much. Thankfully, Mycroft could pull some strings so that he could stay past visiting hours and Sherlock was actually very grateful for that. He sat in the chair at John’s bedside and just held his hand... He realised that he was probably the last person John would want to see when he woke up, and yes
He spent most of his time working on cases for Scotland Yard. Some guy named Alex Thornehall was the new DI and he would let him work on cases, but only because Garrett put in a good word for him. Though, he mostly just did cases for Garrett anyway, he was higher up in the chain of command and him and Sherlock had an understanding relationship. Anderson was still there and Sherlock hated him, but he hated Sherlock as well so he supposed it was only fair. A new girl named Donovan had just started a couple of months ago. She and Anderson would hook up and shag despite the fact that Anderson had a wife. It made Sherlock rather sick, but then again all relationships did nowadays. Ever since John died he vowed to never let himself fall in love with another human again – human error. He told John once that Mycroft was right, caring wasn’t an advantage, but he didn’t expect it to ever be as much of a disadvantage as it was now. The pain that he felt was worse than anything he had ever felt before, and not only that, but he was still hurting and it had been three years. Some days he couldn’t even use his brain and that was literally the only thing that kept him going. No, caring was not an advantage and he would not succumb to ever falling, or caring for that matter, for another human again. This feeling that was so persistent and made itself worse at times wasn’t going to get any better and that pained him even more at the knowledge of that, maybe one day it would lessen, but he knew it would always be a dull ache at the very least. He just felt empty.
“Holy fuck how did I put up with this for so long?” He muttered under his breath. “When people break up, John!”
John smiled sadly and walked over to her, “Hi.” He said quietly and gave her a light hug, he wanted to squeeze her, but he didn’t want to hurt her so he kept it light.
“No, I want to destroy John – and you, but not right away. No, John I just want to destroy immediately... there
“Mother! This is ridiculous let me take it off!” He tugged at the string and it snapped back and hit him on the cheek. He pouted and glared at his mother, but he just looked adorable.
He sighed into his knees as he just tried to find some sleep, he was exhausted. He hadn’t slept in two years and now that it seemed he could finally have sleep he was thrown into a holding cell. The two other men in his cell kept giving him looks and that made him feel rather uneasy, but at the same time he could take them. And once he got out of here – if he ever got out of here – he was going to build his body back up. He was tired of being the weak feeble human who relied on other people to keep him going. There would be a day when he would have no one and if he wasn’t able to carry on, what did that tell him about his life? He needed experiences and memories that made him happy for him, not because he had someone who revolved around his world. Someone who was his world. Who was he if he was no one when that someone wasn’t around?
fucking told me!” He spat.
What do you call fake noodles?
Sherlock smiled sadly as he ran his fingers through John's hair. “Most people don’t, love.” He laid there holding John in silence. “Just remember that you saved me…” he whispered and kissed John's head. “Now go to sleep…” He felt as John nodded against him and soon the smaller boy was asleep in his grip. It had been a long day and he was thankful that John didn’t make a bigger deal about his past life. It was exactly what he needed from John and he supposed John probably knew this as well. He closed his eyes and let deep sleep wash over him.
John sighed, “Who’s this then?” He watched as the woman came over and started dressing him, it was a bit challenging because she had to untie one limb at a time, only to retie it back up, but John also wasn’t going to fight with a woman. That and the fact that they were dressing him made John feel safe, he didn’t feel a need to fight. Not yet anyway. He did however lose all respect for Mycroft and never wanted to see him again.
“Mummy!! I have a friend who will be living with us!” Sherlock yelled once they managed to get back to his house.
He swallowed and pushed the thought of John out of his head, he couldn't bear to think about John right now because if the worst thing had happened it would utterly destroy him. The front door swung open and Sherlock ignored it until he felt something light drop onto his stomach. He blinked as he sat up quickly and smiled brightly at the crisp white letter lying on his chest.
“No. No, Sherlock, he won’t. We’ve been trying to catch this bastard for months. Here, let me take you home. They can handle the rest.” He smiled lightly and guided Sherlock out of the house and into his car.
Sherlock froze. Never in his life has this happened to him, he didn’t know what to do… He gasped as he felt cold fingers brush against his chest. “S-stop…” Sherlock swallowed. “I don’t want this….”
Sherlock chucked and rolled his eyes, “Why are people so
Blake walked over to John quickly and sat next to him on the couch, “Yes, sir?”
“Sorry! Sorry! I should know better.” A soft voice whispered and pulled his hand back.
“It stands for Time and Relative Dimension in Space. I think the name rather gives it away, but it travels through time and space! Anywhere you wanna go anytime!” He smirked as he watched Sherlock's face light up.
“John, please. I want to apologise… What I did was wrong.” He swallowed, “I came to ask for your forgiveness. I can't take back what I did… But I just wanted to say that I’m sorry and that it won’t happen again. To you –  or Sherlock.” He whispered, “I just – I was scared, John.”
John blinked. He most certainly was not expecting this reaction and he felt the anger slip away some as he watched Sherlock’s distress play out. He wanted to smooth the pout away and tell him everything was going to be okay, but he had to get answers as to
John stared at him with pain and sadness. Sherlock looked nothing like the man he had known for eight months now, his face looked all contorted and he looked darker. In all honesty he looked scary and untouchable, “This...” Sherlock pointed from himself to John, “was simply an experiment.” He smiled brightly. “I’m pleased to say I have my results now so off you pop then.” He hummed as he flicked his hand towards the door.
Sherlock's eyes widened, “You’ve- YOU’VE DONE THIS BEFORE!!!” he screamed. He really should have stayed calm, but he had never been so scared in his whole life. Staring down the barrel of a gun was one thing, that was scary in a different sense. At least that way he would die and it would be all over, but this… this was something he was going to have to live with forever.
“ARE YOU TELLING ME THAT I RAISED A FAG AS A SON?!” he growled.
“Ah, that I do. Which is why you’re going to commit suicide... that will destroy John and kill you at the same time. I see a win-win in this situation.” He smirked and walked towards the edge.
“Sherlock is like a really dry pie. You keep having to break off his layers of crust before you get to the centre of his heart. He doesn’t let just anyone in.. You have to be special, but sadly no one in his life really, really liked pie… So after the third or fourth layer they just gave up. They figured that that pie didn’t have any filling and that it was just a pan full of crust. I know that’s not true… and to be honest it pains me that he died not knowing that he could be loved. Thinking that no one cared for him and that life just sucked. That he was unlovable… Because that isn’t the case at all.” John whispered and swallowed as he looked down.
Sherlock walked into class on Monday to see a giant plethora of girls surrounding John. It was getting close to Valentine’s Day so he suspected that this may be the cause of such an awful turn of events. He took his seat like everything was normal and tried to ignore John. Although it was hard... it was
When they walked in John saw that Claire was still working, he grinned from ear to ear, “Claire! I brought you Sherlock!” He sung.
AND THEN I THOUGHT I WOULD APPLY TO BE A FLIGHT ATTENDANT BECAUSE HOW FUCKING COOL WOULD THAT BE?? BUT YOU HAVE TO BE 21 AND I DON'T TURN 21 UNTIL JULY UGHHHH
Six more months passed and eventually John had been gone for a year and a half and he had gotten over being homesick, sure he missed home and Sherlock, but it was really nice here. He loved the adrenaline rushes and the doctoring... everything was perfect, he just wished he wasn’t so far away from Sherlock. He sat cross legged on the bed and opened the smooth white envelope.
“Looks like you finally broke the little twerp, you think he killed himself?” He snickered, along with a few other of the rugby players. “I’m proud of you captain!” He exclaimed, as he clasped John on the back. “Out of all the times we have picked on the freak we have never been able to get him to miss school or class! Sorry about the whole boyfriend thing, but I had to give you motive… you’re soft like that.” He hummed and then went back to his work.
John hummed, already drifting off, “Goodnight, Sherlock.”
“Are you…” He pursed his lips together. “Are you drunk? Maybe… Possibly..? I mean, It’s understandable with the whole situation and I wouldn’t judge you in the slightest, but maybe you should lie down.”
He shook his head once and didn’t say anything.
Sherlock swallowed as well and nodded slowly, “Yeah, he deserves to know... even if it means I’ll lose him. I’ve kept all this from him long enough.” He whispered and went to go sit on the couch.
He told himself once that if Sherlock ever returned from the dead he would be better... happy even, but now he is even more depressed than he already was. He was angry with Sherlock because he was getting better! Slowly... so very slowly, but he was getting there. And Mary – bless her heart – was helping him, but then Sherlock showed up and ruined everything. For two weeks he didn’t talk to him, but he supposed he couldn’t stay away forever. Sherlock is his drug and as much as he hates to admit it he needs him.
MY BABIES!!!! originally in my outline i had mycroft actually rape john and that would just ruin everything and didnt make sense. five year past me really liked the angst.... hahahaha for no reason. i did fix it though and john is going to become my bamf boy instead of a weak feeble thing. i love him so much.
“You don’t need to thank me, I wanted to.” Sherlock smiled some as he bit his lip.
Sherlock knew that too so he didn’t call back. John would come when he was ready because he was a man of his word. He didn’t say things he didn’t mean. Sherlock was incredibly grateful for another chance, he knew that this was probably the definition of manipulation and that their relationship was currently anything, but healthy. But he knew that he could fix that. So for now, he stood up and cleaned the flat, waiting for John to come home.
Once they got there, John took a seat in an area where no one was. However, it didn't last long and he bristled slightly to himself, he just wanted to be alone, but then, Claire, Garrett, and Zack were sitting next to him. The funeral passed by in a blur really. He wasn't listening and he wasn't paying attention. He almost forgot where he was until someone was nudging at him. He looked up at Zack, who then nodded his head towards the front. Oh... Right... He had to speak. He slowly stood up and walked to the front of the crowd, making his way up the five steps to reach the stand where the podium was.
John stared down at his father for a little while and then deflated slightly and nodded once. He reluctantly climbed off of his father and started walking towards the door while Sherlock trailed behind him, making sure he didn’t go back and attack him once more.
What do you call someone that sells themselves in exchange for lasagna
(See the end of the chapter for
“I made it!!” he said happily. “God! I can’t believe it’s still here.”
John's throat squeezed and he shook his head, "He's not... I was hired to torture you for months, but... I'll make it quick."
Sherlock blinked rapidly and sat up as well, “No! no… Not – I’m not suicidal, John... just... I have a dangerous job... one day I might not come home and I just don’t want you to follow me... promise me that no matter what happens... you won’t. Your life is too important and precious to follow me because of stupid choices I made.”
Sherlock nodded and then pulled away and smiled up at him. “Thank you…” He whispered. “He won’t be able to get out, will he…?”
.” He growled and yanked away. “It was the husband! What’s your name?!”
Sherlock growled, “You knew I was taken the moment you met me! Don’t give me that shit!”
John rolled his eyes and shoved him some, but remained silent. He kept looking around as they walked, looking for anything that looked familiar to him.
“Well… That was an adventure.” John said sarcastically as he jumped to the ground and brushed off the dust that had gathered on his clothes.
Sherlock ignored him though as he wrapped his scarf around his neck, “Got my eye on a nice little place in central London. Together we should be able to afford it.”
ALRIGHT UNTIL NEXT TIME.
John kept laughing while Sherlock sobbed, “Oh, it doesn’t look that bad.”
I have literally rewritten this so many times.... firstly because I FUCKING LOST IT. but secondly I wanted it to also be perfect. so please enjoy.
John's eyes widened and his heart broke. Sherlock never said it back... He didn’t even know if Sherlock had forgiven him for what he had done! He felt like he was suffocating and he felt numb everywhere... He wanted to cry, but he hadn’t shed a tear since that night he had broken down in his room... though, he supposed that wasn’t a long time ago. He just straightened his back and then nodded once.
Sherlock walked into the kitchen and started to make himself some tea. He poured it in a cup and then sat down at the table and sipped on it as he stared at the wall. After a moment of getting lost in thoughts, he looked up and Brian was coming into the room humming softly.
“So Sherlock, tell me… what do you want to be when you grow up?” The question had been on John’s mind for a while now, probably even before today. Sherlock was brilliant and clever and a little bit odd. He was rude sometimes and he got irritated easily. John always wondered what kind of job Sherlock would deem adequate enough for him.
John smiled brightly. This job was amazing! One thing about John was that he didn’t kill random people no matter how bored he was and one thing that bugged him about Jim Moriarty was that he killed people just for the hell of it! John knew what he did was wrong, but at least he had a motive, a reason behind everything! He had wanted to get his hands on Sherlock for a while now, but no one had asked him to... no one until now that is. “I’ll do it. How much are you going to give me?”
John groaned, “Sherlock, I was joking! That’s weird! I am not going to wear your bloody hair around my neck.”
If he had been minutes later he was positive that he would have been too late.
“I… umm– why did you cut me off...?” He shifted and rubbed his hands together. The beads of sweat started to drip down his face and his eyes were red rimmed. His breathing was shallow and he was so shaky, he felt like he was dying, but he didn’t care...
“It’s like I’ve been hanging off the edge of a one-hundred-foot cliff, clinging on for dear life, but with each second that passes your body just gets heavier and heavier – you try your hardest to hold on, but you know you can’t take it much longer, until finally your fingers slip and you just fall. I’m so, so close to falling and he’s miles back. He’s too far away to pull me up to safety.”
It wasn’t the best situation to be in, but it wasn’t the worst either. But he knew that this time around he would actually be able to let go of Sherlock. He had closure whereas before he didn’t. He could move on with his life, find a man, and fall in love all over again. Really, the thought made John sick, but he knew with time it would get more appealing.
. There was no reason in pressing it any further because it would just make him made when Sherlock refused to tell him and right now, he really didn’t want to fight with him.
Answer:
Sherlock waited for Mycroft to reply, but when he didn’t he decided to just press forward, “So I’m going to need to borrow your credit card today.”
Eventually, Ted had Sherlock pinned to the ground and he had control of the gun,
Two days passed by so quickly, too quickly. Wasn’t Mycroft just in here telling him he had two more days? The doctors came in and Sherlock was currently laying in the bed with John and he knew that if John were to wake up and find him lying in bed next to him that that would be a very bad thing, but he couldn’t help it... he needed to be next to him. He swallowed and looked at the doctor, “Yes...”
“Sometimes it’s just time to go, John…” He whispered and then started to slip away.
“Better listen to him, fag son of mine. Be a good little boy and listen to your boyfriend.” Ted’s words were weak and strangled, but it was clear there was still venom behind them. The man didn’t give up.
Sherlock didn’t ever move much faster and halfway through he realised John was crying. He swallowed and slowly kissed away his tears, this was emotional for the both of them and he wanted John to know that he would be here for him always, no matter how far apart they were from each other. No matter if they broke up or not, Sherlock would always be there. In the course of nine months they had made love many times, but it never felt like this. This was monumental, a moment neither of them would forget.
John swallowed hard and closed his eyes. He counted to ten and then followed Sherlock. He knew he should apologise, but he couldn't... He was angry and that was their last chance... He decided to push all the feelings away and focus on the case like he had originally planned. He had never backed out of a clients request before, he wasn't about to now. He tried to run and he failed. He wasn't about to give Sherlock any second chances.
Sherlock’s brain halted and he smiled brightly while nodding slowly. He was, however, in the mood for that. John always could make him forget about the bad stuff. Even if just for a second.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, a friend. His name is John.”
okay until next time bitches!!
John smirked and then leaned forward to kiss his cheek, “Knew it. Why don't you use that big brain of yours and get us home?”
She smirked and raised an eyebrow. That was a very unsherlockian thing to say, even she knew that.  Her eyes flickered to John and her grin became even wider. “Oh. I see what’s really happening here,” Irene looked back at Sherlock and shook her head.
garden. He kept crying and screaming and he felt so empty, but then there were hands on his shoulders and a voice telling him to stop.
A: Because Donald Ducked!
Justin.
“No, you can tell him yourself when you wake up…” He whispered and pushed Sherlock's curls from his forehead.
Suddenly, Sherlock groaned and managed to push Brian off of him, grumbling as he did so, “I’m fine, John.” The grumbling stopping abruptly, a smile spreading across his face as he saw John. “I got him...” His eyes drifted over to look at Brian who wasn’t moving.
Claire glared at him, “Excuse me?” She all, but snapped.
Mike growled and then slapped him. "John!!!"
was. He stuck out his hand and held it to Irene. “Hello. I’m John, Sherlock’s boyfriend. And you?” He said in a clipped tone, trying to hold his anger back. He really couldn’t blame it on her. It’s not like she could have possibly know this, especially since Sherlock was
Sherlock heard it before he saw it. His head shot up, to see Mycroft softly chuckling into his napkin at the other end of the table.
There are 57 cracks in John’s ceiling. John knows this because he’s counted them 19 times so far in the last hour. Because now that he can sleep, why would his body let him?
“Whatever you say,” Tom said with a smirk.
Sherlock had to put a stop to this before John Watson got up and left prematurely. Sitting down, adjusting his flatware he said, “Mrs. Hudson, please do desist with the questions. Let’s leave Mr. Watson alone. I’m sure he doesn’t want to be interrogated the entire evening.” She batted him with her napkin, no offense taken, “Oh, Sherlock.”
“Well, Tom said to be ready for anything so I’m just making sure I know the layout of this place in case we have to jump out the window or something.” She cocked her head to the side and looked at Tom up through her eyelashes with a small quirk of her lips.
Sherlock paused and looked around with his eyes, waiting for his parents’ reaction. After a beat his mother looked at his father and said, “Watson… Watson. I wonder if they’re related to the Watsons in Bristol? Goodness we haven’t seen them in years!”
“There was no way I could say no to her, John.” They were in Molly’s lab and she was explaining the conversation that led to her inviting their closest friends to a party for a man that didn’t want one. “She was so excited and I wasn’t going to be the one who took that away!”
Sherlock gestured to the couch, inviting Rosie to sit. “I’m not quite sure what Tom’s been telling you, but everything in the flat is perfectly safe this evening,” Sherlock assured her. She laughed and said “Thank you so much for inviting me. I’ve been looking forward to meeting you. It really smells delicious in here!”
Mrs. Hudson practically squealed in delight. Rosie laughed. She walked over to give her dad a hug.  Sherlock slowly stood from his chair, his head turned to the side, unable to take his eyes off of John Watson.
A horn joined in, John couldn’t tell which instrument specifically, but it was robust and deep - and added the perfect satisfying and poetic accompaniment to the movement.
“Yes. That is correct.” He managed. “I have always chosen to stay anonymous.  Bad for business to have my identity publicized.”  No eye contact, good. He could do this.
After they finished, John wandered around the room as Sherlock tidied up.
John Watson. John Watson was in his flat. John Watson was in his flat with his short, perfect hair and just a hint of scruff on his face and his beautiful blue eyes and his striped jumper and jeans and Sherlock was expected to go out there and serve him fried fish?  When did the universe become so cruel?
Mrs. Hudson gave him a good stare. “You’re not wrong there, John Watson. Ordering a cake! As if you didn’t have anyone who would have loved to bake it!”
“I haven’t opened the card yet,” Sherlock looks at John, who slowly sits back down, suddenly about to vomit all over the table. What if he miscalculated? Why did he have to ruin this perfect moment with that damn card?  He bites his top lip and worries his eyes while Sherlock opens the card.
John pulls Sherlock up until their faces are aligned. They look into each other’s eyes and there’s no hesitation. They meet in the middle.
John starts off just lightly touching his lips to Sherlock’s and their noses brush against one another. He puts a little more pressure into it and Sherlock wraps his hand around the back of John’s neck. They begin to move their lips, both wanting to satisfy their need for more. John strokes Sherlock’s cheek as he opens his mouth the slightest bit to let just the tip of his tongue touch Sherlock’s lower lip, which drives Sherlock absolutely insane.  John sinks his fingers into Sherlock’s curls and tilts his head as Sherlock opens his mouth to let John in. When their tongues finally touch their legs tighten around each other and they moan with want, panting heavily whenever they get the chance to take a breath. They kiss with the intensity of years of longing and neither wants to ever stop.
John smiles and slowly winds his arms around Sherlock’s torso. Sherlock hesitantly does the same and tucks his head under John’s chin. John pulls him in just a little bit closer. One leg tangles with another, until they can’t tell whose are whose. They hold each other tightly.
Tom put his hands up in the air. Rosie’s smile got bigger and Sherlock gave Tom ‘the look’. He knew enough not to deduce aloud, but what he could immediately see in Rosie impressed him. He liked this one.
Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table one afternoon, goggles and gloves on, beakers bubbling, about to place one precise drop of solution onto a slide when his phone rang. He was going to ignore it, before remembering he was expecting a call from Molly about another batch of livers waiting for him, and he quickly tore off a glove and tapped his phone.
“HELLO!!” Sherlock yelled and waved his arms. “Dragon! Outside! Now!”
! Of course it lasted eight months! That’s how long I needed to do the experiment for! And thank god for that! Any longer and I would have killed myself. You really are a hard person to live with, John. No wonder your father beat you.”
Moriarty’s face twitched and he glared at him, “Of course you don’t. You never do. Let me break it down for you. I want to die, but I don’t want to die until I have destroyed yours and John’s life. So before I die you must jump, or watch him die. I don’t really care which, but one must happen.” He spat out, continuing to glare at him. “I know what the outcome is going to be no matter the scenario you choose, so I don’t need to stay around to watch it. I just need to know that it
“That may be true, but I keep one in my pocket at all times.” Sherlock hummed and pulled out his phone to call Mycroft.
John gasped a bit, his giggling immediately coming to an end, then reached for Sherlock's hand. “I’m sorry!! I forgot! Are you okay?” He looked at Sherlock with concern in his eyes. It was hard not to because this was all his fault, if he had just stayed away like Sigar had said…
John felt like his whole world had come crashing down around him. He gathered it already had because there was absolutely nothing left for him now. Everything that he had known was a lie and he couldn’t escape it and he couldn’t have it back. He couldn’t take back the very first time he had ever said I love you, he couldn’t take back the first time he had made love to him, he couldn’t take back all their jokes and shared secrets. He couldn’t take anything back. What he had known – or thought he had known –  for so long was slipped under his feet and taken away so abruptly that he couldn’t breathe, he felt completely sick to his stomach. Before he could even stop himself, or question anything, he dropped the roses and was running. He ran out the front door and didn’t stop running. He felt so lost and empty and he was bawling harder than he ever had before. Never in his life would he think this would happen. Sure, he knew that there was a chance that one of them would call it off eventually, but never in his whole entire life had he imagined it to be like this. He got to Zack's house and banged on the door, not quite sure why he was there, but not questioning it either.
reversed and you almost didn’t make it... You wouldn’t have made it if they hadn’t have found you, and I was just as suicidal… but you are so much stronger than me.” He sniffled. “I tried to kill myself on the implication that you were alive you just didn’t want me… if I had received news that you had actually died, I’m pretty sure I would have been successful in my attempts.” He closed his eyes, “You can’t ask this of me, Sherlock. Especially when you almost didn’t survive yourself.”
John slowly rested his head on Sherlock's chest now that he couldn’t hit it, the tears falling freely from his eyes. "That's not a good excuse." He sniffled stubbornly. His beautiful stubborn John, that was one of the things he loved – and hated – about the man.
John panicked and swallowed hard, “I have a problem!” He said quickly, the words tumbling out of him, “I think – uhh – I think my wife killed my brother and I need a detective to investigate the case!” He hummed, clearly pleased with himself at the lie.
John drew in a sharp breath as his mouth went dry. He nodded slowly and reached his hands up to start undoing Sherlock's shirt, but he batted his hands away.
John grumbled and slowly grabbed a small piece of Sherlock’s hair and then cut it quickly before he could change his mind. He whimpered and held the unattached hairs in his hand, opening the locket and stuffing them inside. He shut the locket with a click and examined the heart to make sure no hairs were poking out of it.
Before I first heard the (P)ling of the bell
John nodded and left the room. He showered and cleaned his body, it felt so amazing that he actually regretted waiting so long. Of course Sherlock would be fine! He was in a hospital surrounded by people that could help him if something were to go wrong. He smiled and let the water wash over him. He really did love showers, they always calmed him. Calming was something he really needed at the moment, even though Sherlock wasn’t in danger, John still felt the weight of the guilt pressing down on him. The shower helped that. John eventually got out and pulled his clothes on. He bought Sherlock his sandwich from one of the local shops they had visited before and then walked back into the room.
see the fear Sherlock was feeling at that exact moment.
Joke:
"Oh. I suppose you should. He might wonder where you are and then this whole thing would be blown..."
Sherlock coughed a little bit and was terrified if he was being honest. He had got beaten up before, but it had only happened twice. Usually it was just emotional abuse he received from his peers. “Oh, Brian, are you going to punch me? This is a low… especially for you.” He drawled. He refused to let them see the fear. Just like he refused to let John’s father see the fear he was feeling last night. Even if he was completely petrified, though not as petrified as he was last night, which was something he supposed.
"He's in fucking hospital, Sherlock! He tried to kill himself again! And the longer you're gone, the more likely it is he's going to succeed because I can't keep him safe forever."
John kept his eyes fixed on the opposite wall and swallowed, “Sherlock while you were off ‘hating’ me I had time to think... really think about what I wanted in life and where I should go... I—Sherlock I need to thank you because without you doing this to me I know for a fact I wouldn’t have made this decision and I probably would have regretted it in the years to come...” He closed his eyes and took a breath, “I probably would have ended up resenting you and it wouldn’t have worked out for us in the long run anyway. Might not work out now. But because of what you did, I was able to think. Think for just myself and not have to worry about what anyone else thought.”
Sherlock kept looking around and then snickered, “This one!” He grinned brightly and held it out to John.
Let me just tell you that this is by far the longest chapter and and AND!!! It's my favourite!!
“I don’t wanna go!” He pouted and sniffled a bit.
"Hey! My other jumpers aren't hideous!" He grumbled as he glared at him slightly, but there was no heat to it. He was wearing his black and white stripped jumper, and it was probably his favourite one too. It was thin and made of cotton and it showed off John's lean rugby body.
John took a shower and got dressed. He brushed and flossed his perfect teeth and then went downstairs to say goodbye to his mum and sister.
Brian smirked and kissed his forehead, “hey... I brought you something.” He smiled and pulled the items out of the bag.
“Eight million pounds because I don’t want you to just hurt him physically, John. I want you to go in there and break his heart into a million pieces! Make him feel what I’m feeling now and you’ll do that by becoming his flatmate. I heard he’s looking for one because the one he has now is about to move out. Also the one servant that you have that you actually let leave your mansion knows him. They work together... Mike Stanford... Once you’ve done that I want you to torture him for months before you finally allow that scumbag to die. Personally if you could torture him for years that would be brilliant too. Keep him alive as long as you can! But John... make sure he falls in love with you before you torture him!”
“I don’t know.. They just do... And no you aren’t Sherlock because he is dead.” John rolled his eyes a bit.
There was something off between the two of them, but for the life of John he couldn’t figure out what. He knew Sherlock said he would be angry at times, but this was different. He was upset with the knowledge that this might not end up working, but he had already made his peace with it. With Brian’s constant abuse, Sherlock’s rudeness, and everything else... John was slowly breaking. It definitely wasn’t a healthy relationship for them, or at the least for John.
Sherlock hummed and stood up, “I did. I was talking to Mike this morning about how my flatmate just left me and how it would most likely take me months to find another one... I can be a rather difficult man to live with, but now here he is just after lunch with an old friend, who clearly just came home from his military services in Afghanistan and needed a flat share... it really wasn’t that difficult of a leap.”
Question:
John hated school. He really did. He struggled a lot and didn’t know how to do the majority of things. His family didn’t have a lot of money so they couldn’t pay for a tutor either.
Claire swallowed slightly as she looked out into the quiet pub. She was about to return to making a drink when a tall dark figure bolted towards the door and ran out. Normally, Claire wouldn't have found that suspicious, but since John had stormed out seconds before she was terrified the stranger was going to hurt John... Especially considering, it looked like John had been threatening to hurt her. She dropped what she was doing and immediately ran out after him. John wasn't anywhere in sight but she could see the stranger running in the direction that John would have gone.
Claire could have slapped him across the face, but she refrained herself. "What could possibly justify for you doing this to him? For you doing this to all of us?? What could make that okay?" She growled lowly.
DEUCES!
John’s heart fluttered and he didn’t know why, but he thought that it was because of the fact that Sherlock probably didn’t go inviting random strangers to investigate a crime scene with him. “Oh God, yes!” He nodded quickly and then limped after Sherlock. Sherlock hailed them a cab and they both climbed in. It was silent for a while until Sherlock spoke up again. John was so surprised because John felt like Sherlock wasn’t one to just randomly start conversations and although he did start it with, “Alright, you’ve got questions.” John felt like in normal circumstances Sherlock wouldn’t be one to care if they had questions or not and that made him feel special. He told himself that this was just purely for work, but there was a tug pulling him towards Sherlock and he tried to push that away. He was just fascinated that was all.
“Possibly have an exit strategy, dear, just in case,” she said, in a tone that meant “
“This is the last, I’m done,” Greg heaved a box up the stairs into the flat.
John laughed, “Well, we weren’t in any scenes together but I’m sure he’s great. I was younger then, I was just happy to be there.”
“Tom, I sincerely hope she’s not like the last one. The tone with which she ended her sentences, I couldn’t tell if she was telling me something or asking me a question. Was she conducting an interview?” He hoped Tom could hear his eye roll over the phone. Tom certainly had his fair share of girlfriends over the years, and Sherlock deleted each just as quickly when the next one came along.
Sherlock opens the door. He only has himself to blame for his disappointment. “Is your head alright? I apologize for startling you,” he says calmly. John has every right to date, and Sherlock long ago swore off being childish about it.
“Well, how I am supposed to hide all this from him?” John asked Greg. “I barely have enough room upstairs as it is for mine and Rosie’s things.” He was beyond exasperated at this point.
After they ate, and they saw Mrs. Hudson off to her sister’s, they were finally on the road to Sherlock’s parent’s house.
John counts to five before breaking eye contact and putting both hands on the table and pushing himself up. Well. That’s that. No harm done, really, and now that he tried he can start to somehow deal with his feelings realistically. “I’m very glad you like the book. Good night, Sherlock,” he smiles and starts to leave the room.
With a final nod, he walks into the room.
Tom laughed on the other end, “Hey - she was really nice! But Rosie isn’t like that - she’s super smart.  She’s working towards her bachelor’s in medicine and does a ton of volunteer work.  She’s really great.”
"Great," he muttered to himself as he briskly walked away. "Just brilliant."
Sherlock looked at John. He didn’t know what to say, but he also knew he didn’t want their day to end. He took a deep breath, gathered every ounce of courage inside of him, and hesitantly asked, “Lunch?”
Sherlock pulls back the blankets, slides down, and scoots over to the right side of the bed facing the wall.  John Watson, who would do absolutely anything for Sherlock, walks to the left side of the bed and tucks in with his best friend.
“Nail polish remover, John.”
Mrs. Holmes scolded him for being rude, “Hush! We’re excited to hear about Tom’s new friend.”  Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Right,” Molly said, looking back and forth between the two men. “I’ll let you be then.”
The room was silent.
, he thinks and knows there’s no rush.
“What else did Mycroft tell you?” John had a suspicion where this was headed.
Sherlock stood still, eyes wide. He surveyed the room. Mycroft, leaning against the fireplace, smirking as if he dared Sherlock to turn around and leave. Lestrade, holding a beer, a huge grin on his face. Molly, holding her hands in front of her, smiling and praying this would go well. Mrs. Hudson, on the couch, fidgeting. They were looking at Sherlock, waiting for his reaction.
“Please, call me John.”
take him to the morgue.” He left with a smirk and went upstairs to his bedroom.
John smiled at the two of them sitting together, half-listening. All he really heard was the word “family”.  Suddenly, Rosie's idea of celebrating Sherlock’s birthday didn’t seem all that bad.
“Yes, yes, sure,” Molly agreed. “Plus the games,” she said quickly.
John stood there a moment, then stepped back and looked into Sherlock’s eyes. He reached over and gently took the violin and bow out of Sherlock’s hands and placed them on his chair.
“John, I would deal with many things for that little girl, but I think I’ve hit a wall,” Sherlock admitted, sipping his wine.
sitting room, standing in front of him with his hand extended.
The lack of sleep (even measured on a Sherlock-scale) is starting to show on the two men. And it’s starting to affect Rosie, who is woken up by her father’s screaming all too often. So John takes to sleeping on the couch once Rosie is down for the night. Sherlock notices immediately, of course, but never comments as John resets the couch each morning.
“Please give my regards to Rosie,” Sherlock said politely, and exited the cab. He didn’t see John give him a small nod and look down resigned as the cab drove away.
Sherlock gestured to the kitchen, “Yes, well, we’ve taken on the tradition of seven fishes on Christmas Eve, even though none of us are Catholic.  Or ... Italian.” He waved his hand awkwardly.
They looked at each other. It wasn’t a difficult decision. John wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s neck, stood up on his toes, and brought their lips together. Sherlock immediately embraced John and they kissed with the force of years of longing and secrets kept inside.
“Hello, John …” Molly said then paused as she looked at his face, “... Watson.” She blinked a few times and swallowed. She looked at Sherlock, who’s expression gave nothing away, except of course his exasperation with the situation.
“Thirteen messages, Mycroft! Thirteen! So good of you to finally get in touch. Could have done without the big black car drama, to be honest.” John was pacing back and forth in Mycroft’s office. He stopped and pointed, “You put this idea into Rosie’s head, therefore YOU are going to help.”
John is as close to Sherlock as he can be without touching. He’s so close Sherlock can feel his breath on the back of his neck. He realizes he can also hear small sounds coming from John, which must be what woke him. It’s not quite dawn, too early to get up - not that Sherlock would, even if it was full daylight.
When the Prime Minister finally got his head out of his ass, closed the schools, canceled large events, and instituted social distancing, John had already been working 12-hour days at the clinic for over two weeks. He wasn’t even aware of the new mandates until he woke up after a well deserved night’s rest to try to enjoy his only day off that week.
They shuffle through their day together quietly, not wanting to break the spell. Neither brings up what almost happened in the bed but there’s a comfort to their movements. They navigate towards each other with each step, each small touch, each glance and smile, and when they nap on the couch again later that afternoon, Sherlock’s head is in John’s lap.
“Will have to see how much time I have now… “ she said under her breath. “Have you got it all set, then? Tomorrow will be here soon enough,” she finally sat down, wiping her hands on her apron, apparently appeased at John’s last request.
“Always, as well, John. For me,” and Sherlock tilts his head up bringing their lips together again, holding the small little card in his hand, against his heart.
Sherlock is speechless. But then he says exactly what’s on his mind. “I don’t want you to sleep upstairs from this point on.”
They finish up and Sherlock begins Rosie’s bedtime routine. “Come on, little bee, up you go,” he says and he lifts her out of her chair.  As they walk toward the stairs, he notices John thinking for a moment as he holds one of the few remaining cards, writes a few words, and then slips the little card into his back pocket.  Ah. John must have finally asked out the new barista at the coffee shop across from the clinic. Sherlock’s grateful he decided against his earlier card-pillow plan.
Everyone said their goodbyes and Sherlock stood off to the side by his chair, receiving a final hug and thank you from Rosie. The Watsons began to make their way towards the stairs, but not before Mrs. Hudson attached herself to John’s arm and requested a walk down to her door. John stood up straighter and said, “Of course!” and led her out. Mrs. Hudson looked back at Sherlock and gave him an excited smile.
Rosie stood guard by the window. "He's here!" she announced when she saw him get out of the cab. They all turned to the door, waiting for the birthday boy.
John Watson. Sherlock closed his eyes and couldn’t understand how one man, a man he didn’t even know, could affect him so much.  How one man could cause him -
(See the end of the chapter for
He swallows, glances at John who is already lying down on his back, then leans over and turns off the lamp on his side before he finally lies down. The two men are suddenly both very unsure.
Mrs Hudson kept the conversation going. “What are you working on now, John?”
fans.” He sighed and went to the kitchen. “Tea?”
Sherlock swallows and looks at him, “I’m sorry...” Is that what you're supposed to say? Apparently it is the wrong thing because John screams loudly and shoves him up against the wall. He groans a bit in pain because he was not expecting that. He swallows again as he looks down at his angry friend.
BWAHHAHA IM SO FUCKING FUNNY!!
bad and you know it… Now, I know we don’t see eye to eye, but he’s your father and you should treat him with at least some respect.”
Sherlock smiled brightly, all of his pain and worry seeping away. “Well, I’m glad that I am able to do that because you constantly make me forget things too.”
Sherlock growled and balled up his fists. Mycroft was stupid and didn’t understand anything, “Fuck. Off!!”
“And why not? I have made it perfectly clear where I stand and you are still confused. In any case, it’s just sleeping, John.”
John growled and cocked the gun again, he was sick of this man’s shit.
John froze, but then returned to his drawing. He couldn’t let on that he really didn’t get it all, he was supposed to appear clever to his peers. “No! I get how to do it just fine!”
John shivered and kept walking, though when Sherlock stomped away he didn’t bother to keep pace. He was only a few feet behind Sherlock though so it wasn’t that horrible, “Well, since we are in fact lost and in the rain... why don't you tell me why you freaked out so hard last night when you thought I said the word ‘duck’?”
John followed him silently into the car and climbed into the passenger seat. He stared out the window and didn’t say anything because he didn’t want to talk and he didn’t want to go to school, but he also didn’t want to argue with Zack so he just did as Zack said. They pulled up to the building and John climbed out of the car, leaving Zack behind. He was grateful for him, he really was, but he just couldn’t do anything at the moment and he honestly hated the look of pity every time Zack looked at him. John thought about skipping and going somewhere else, but he had no money and nowhere to go so he just went to his first class.
Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes slightly, “is this really about the chair, John?” He asked softly as he leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees.
John was a crying mess. Out of everything he had known he had never thought Sherlock had let the words get to him. He always seemed so confident, so put together and bored with the abuse. He clung to Sherlock with everything he had and he refused to let go. “Sherlock… I’m so sorry… I had no idea…” He whispered between breaths. God, what could he even say to that..? More than anything he was glad Sherlock was still here, but it still hurt him deeply to know that Sherlock felt like that every single day… and the worst of it all was John had never done anything to stop it. He never participated, no, but he had watched a countless number of times as his mates bullied him and he just did nothing. No matter what anyone tried to convince him that still made him a bully, one of the many peers in Sherlock's life that had made Sherlock's a living hell.
I. AM. SO. SORRY!!!! I feel so awful and I really have no excuse except for I was just fucking lazy from work. But working at Walmart is literally the worst job in the world.. or the one i work at anyway... plus i sort of had a slight writers block.. but its okay now!!!! I hope you enjoy this rather sad Chapter...
“Mmmmmm, nooooppppeee.” John drew it out as he continued to read.
“Never know what?” He growled a tad, but tilted his head slightly.
John didn’t say anything in reply to her. He couldn’t because if he did he knew he would break – he knew if he said anything about Sherlock he would break and breaking made this real. Guess he was stuck sitting on the pavement until whenever she got done. Maybe he would just sit there for the rest of his life. It didn’t matter though, nothing did, it had most likely been hours since Sherlock had flung himself from the rooftop and yet… it felt like no time had passed at all. Like he was frozen in time, but everything was moving on without him. How could they move on when the most wonderful person John had ever known had just fucking killed themselves? He took a small breath as he stared at the blood stained pavement, he remembered watching them try to clean it up, but they didn’t manage to get it all out.
Answer:
DEUCES BITCHES
DEUCES BITCHES!!
After a couple hours he squeezed her knee, he had finally made up his mind – yes, it took him a couple of hours, but he finally got there. “Wanna get out of here?” He grinned at her.
“To the moon and back,” John repeated softly, and smiled. “Besides, I’ve heard love is the most powerful weapon.” He hummed and then pulled away from Sherlock. He gave one last fleeting look before he picked up his bag and stepped on the train.
i usually have a lot of awesome things to say because i'm awesome but i'm currently dying.
Sherlock smiled up at the building and shook his head a bit, John always managed to surprise him. They walked in and were taken back to their seats, which were located in the corner of the room. It was more secluded and more romantic that way. John pulled Sherlock's seat out for him and then pushed it in once Sherlock sat down.
because you’re going to be fine.” He said firmly.
John walked to the living room and threw on his coat, Sherlock happened to be sitting on the couch working on something, John couldn’t be arsed to care what it was, but his presence didn’t do anything to help John at the moment. Sherlock was the cause of all his problems, and seeing him just reminded John of how real he was. He growled under his breath and then stormed out of the flat without saying a word to the man in the living room.
“Nothing!!” He said quickly. “Home. Now. Please!!” He smiled brightly and The Doctor sighed.
also if you read Tulips then you will know that i lied to you all... i said the new chapter for this would be up within yesterday and i failed you all, but hey! i'm only a day late.
A month after his mother passed the texts started to say where Sherlock was and what he was doing. That he couldn't hide from the man who was harassing him and that they would find him no matter where Sherlock decided to go or hide. Sherlock never replied and he never told John, but that just made the mysterious sender angry. Why would the sender want him to tell John anyway? He understood not replying – of course the stalker wanted a reaction, but Sherlock wasn’t about to give him one.
“WELL FIND SOMEONE!” He shouts and throws his tea cup across the room. It almost hits John, but he’s manages to dodge it. It hits the wall behind him instead and shatters.
“Good,” Mycroft let out a breath of relief and nodded, “get some rest...” He said softly, he looked like he wanted to say more, but he shook his head once and then left the room.
Sherlock tried not to gag at the spit that was dripping into his eye. He swallowed and looked at John, praying that John would do something, anything! But he knew that John wouldn’t and that struck Sherlock deep, it hurt more than any punch Sherlock would ever endure.
“If you had read those letters you could have seen how much pain I was in...” He frowned slightly, “Isn’t that what you wanted?”
YO!!! LEAVE ME A FRICKING FRACKING COMMENT!! And you know subscribe and Kudos if that floats your boat!
Sherlock groaned loudly and looked at John, “I’m going to stop you right there... Are you seriously trying to ask me out?”
Sherlock melts and kisses him back with everything he has. There's still hope and he isn’t about to let it go just yet.
However, Sherlock didn’t have time to respond because the next thing John knew his eyes were rolling back into his head and the sounds of the machines were beeping like crazy. Nurses ran into the room and started working on Sherlock furiously. John choked on a sob and couldn’t believe what was happening, “BUT HE WAS FINE JUST A MINUTE AGO!!!” He screamed and then two bigger men – security he took it – were carrying him out of the room and into the lobby to wait.
John said nothing in return and just reached for Sherlock's hand.
John let a soft smirk play on his face, “I’ve been told by many people that Sherlock Holmes doesn’t have a heart.”
Well this one is a hella long chapter and i have taken up to writing them on my phone while i'm on break at walmart omfg!! XD I hate writing them on my phone because then i have to email them to myself and edit them on the computer, but hey! If it gets the job done right?
She growled at him slightly and shook her head, “No excuse. What have you two done since you’ve been back?”
"I love him..." John blurted, cutting him off. "And I think I am slowly dying on the inside..."
It was in a tall looking wine glass with red liquid, which was fine with John because really he liked wine, but it had a frilly looking straw and an umbrella with a pineapple on the side. “And what’s this called then?” He asked as he took a drink out of the straw, he hardly got any liquid in his mouth so really the straw was just for decoration, but damn him it tasted like heaven.
Sherlock growls at him and John's scared for half a second, “You’re saying you didn’t mean any of it?”
John swallowed as well and felt like his heart just got stomped on, “Okay. Come on. Let’s go to bed.” He knew Sherlock was lying... well not lying because John had asked if he
“Sherlock, enough! Whining isn’t going to get us anywhere! Let’s just give John what he wants and then he’ll talk. Also go to my room and get the drug test kit that’s in my bottom drawer… I want to know what he’s been taking, so I can decide if we need to take more extreme measures…” He whispered so that John couldn’t hear and then smiled back at John and whispered softly, “Now, why don’t you tell me the story of yesterday...?” Sherlock glared at Mycroft and then left the room to do as his older brother had asked of him.
What kind of bagel can fly?
Sherlock walked around aimlessly, enjoying all of the sights he was looking at. Everything was so different and amazing! He peered in a lot of the shop windows and walked around the streets, looking at the funny little devices most of the humans seemed to have attached to their hands or face. Sherlock wondered what they did and what they were for. He made his way into a park, it was Regents Park and he grinned brightly because the park next to his flat was still here. He looked up at the sky and trees admiring how much they have grown, and how the sky looks exactly the same, when he felt his body colliding into something and then he was falling.
John was so lonely and so heartbroken that he knew he had to put an end to this... even if he didn’t want to, he knew he had to and with time he knew that it would be better. Holding onto this was making it so he couldn’t let go. He couldn’t move on – and that was something he really needed to do.
An old woman answered... she was probably around Mrs. Hudson’s age. “Christ...” John breathed under his breath.
Sherlock blinked. “I- I don’t understand...” John had talked to this man? And not only that, but he had said that they were dating… He looked at the man and saw in seconds that said man was the current Detective Inspector.
“I don’t know!! I just simply asked him what he had taken—“ He was cut off by John's screaming, “And then he started crying and calling your name!!”
She blinked some, “John, I can’t right now... I’m working.”
Sherlock huffed as he rolled his eyes. He was about to open his mouth to say something about how being sacked too many times on the rugby field can cause brain damage just as John cut him off, “Really, Brian? What are you? Five? Help Sherlock pick up his stuff and then go. I’m tired of you picking on people just because they’re different.”
John looked up at the sky and shook his head, a small laugh escaping his lips, “It’s sunny.” He said fondly. “It was sunny the day you died too... and on your funeral.” John pursed his lips, “Maybe that’s you telling me to be happy even though the circumstances are not happy... I don’t know. Maybe I’m just pulling it out of my arse to try and feel better.” He looked down and played with the grass, pulling some out and putting it on his knee.
Thankfully, it did because John just nodded and walked up to him. He gently took his hand and didn’t say anything, which Sherlock was grateful for.
Question:
She narrowed her eyes and then walked up to him, "Open your mouth." She said firmly.
John groaned in pain and whimpered, “You didn’t have to shove me off the bloody mattress. I would have gotten up if you had just asked nicely.” He grumbled back, picking himself up from off the floor.
Eventually the bell ran and John stood up abruptly, he grabbed his bags and supplies and started walking out the door until he heard his name being called. He closed his eyes and sighed as he turned around. “Yes, Alex?”
Mycroft stood before him and was shaking a bit. His eyes were filled with rage and his chest was heaving. John hoped he would kill him. It would end this nightmare.
Sherlock kissed the top of his head and held him closer, “I don’t know what you are to me, John, but... thank you.” He whispered quietly.
John swallowed and shook his head. “Nope. I’m a doctor and I really don’t feel comfortable with you wandering the streets on your own in this state…”
He pulled out his phone and sent Claire a quick text so she didn’t worry.
Do we.
“Where. Is. He?” He spat and wiped off his wet face with the back of his hand. He didn’t care that he was practically naked! He didn’t care that his scar was ugly and showing out in the opened! He didn’t care about anything right now, his mind only focusing on one thing.
DEUCES BITCHES.
Not only that, but he was ending on a horrible note. He was leaving Sherlock behind and he didn’t give a damn if Sherlock didn’t care about him. He cared about Sherlock! And he would always be there for Sherlock no matter what happened! He made a promise and he wasn’t going to break that just because Sherlock had played tricks on him. He pressed his face to the roof of the car and tried to breathe a few last breaths before it was all over, but the bag over his head was making that difficult. He took one more breath and then the car was fully under. There was no more air for him to breathe and John just closed his eyes. The water was so, so cold and he felt his lungs screaming for air. They needed it and they felt like they were going to burst if he didn’t give them what they wanted! And oh how he wanted to give them what they wanted so badly! It wouldn’t be just a relief to his lungs, but to him as well, but he couldn’t because there was no air to give his lungs... he was underwater and he couldn’t take it. He opened his mouth and started sucking in water, coughing and feeling dizzy. Feeling the pain of salt water being inhaled into his lungs, he needed to feel something, he needed to do something other than just sit there and wait. He needed it to be quick like his father had promised and this was the only way it would be. This was the only way to stop feeling the pain of his lungs on the brink of exploding. He kept inhaling and soon everything was fading... soon everything was dark.
John scoffed, “they all hate me if you haven’t noticed.”
John smiled sadly and nodded, “Yeah, you always are, aren’t you?” He sighed and just snuggled up against him instead, he knew what Sherlock was doing – why he was doing it and wasn’t offended at all, he understood.
John swallowed and walked over to him with tea. He sat down on the coffee table in front of Sherlock and sighed, “Here...”
.....Fucking love matilda.......
guys just know that if I never update this again it's because I died! I have these heart attack things like every morning (it's not an actual heart Attack but it feels like I'm having one.... Like you think I'm joking but I am 1000000000% serious.....) anyway! I've been to the doctors for years now and they don't have a clue what's going on... And now it's getting worse... Plus I have a 80% chance of throat cancer and I told Amanda Abbington that and she tweeted me back. Awww what a sweetheart!!! *Future me here. fucking hate that woman... smh*
Two months passed and everything was back to normal. Everything was perfect for them and it seemed like nothing bad was going to happen again. John woke up one morning and watched Sherlock sleep for a while. He had a bunch of errands to do and he knew that if he waited for Sherlock to wake up it wouldn’t get done. Not that John minded, but he had been holding off on these for a while and they couldn’t be put off any longer. He slowly slipped from the bed and kissed Sherlock's forehead, before getting dressed and leaving the house. He would make it up to Sherlock... He knew how Sherlock tended to worry about him when he wasn’t there and he didn’t know how long he would be gone so he couldn’t exactly leave a note. Although, he did suspect that his errands would take him most of the day.
John swallowed and nodded slowly, “I would like that too, Sherlock, I really would. And I might get really angry with you too sometimes, you know how bad my anger can get. We just have to learn how to adjust to having each other in our lives again.” He whispered, gently swiping his thumb over the back of Sherlock's hand.
Sherlock smiled at her. “I missed you; I thought it was quite obvious.”
“When are you leaving…?” Sherlock replied slowly. His mother was never home. The last time he saw his mother was two months ago and he was actually surprised to see her when he walked into the house, despite the fact that he called her name. Though, to be fair, he always called her name upon arriving home in the hopes that she was there. His mother was a makeup artist for actors and actresses and his father was never home either. Always away on business, but what that really meant was that he was always away with one of his other ‘secret wives’. Everyone knew it. It wasn’t exactly like it was a secret, but no one ever commented on it.
"I don't care! I hate everything! I hate Sherlock! I hate you! NOW LEAVE!" He screamed, ignoring the sharp pain that shot through his head.
“Oh... no... I wouldn’t do that... you should give it a week.” He should probably prepare Sherlock for this... If John just showed up announced, he would see what Sherlock had been getting himself into, and Sherlock would probably end it right there. Cursing his brain for playing such cruel tricks on him. Or John would end up leaving him because of Sherlock's new life choices… Honestly, neither outcome was a good one.
Such fun!
wow... just wow... my first fanficiton finished.
John rolled his eyes. “Not you! The real Sherlock Holmes, but apparently you feel the need to dress up as him and pretend to be him… I bet you anything that if he wasn’t dead you would find him and kill him because you are one of
DEUCES BITCHES
DUN DUN DUN!!! That wasnt really a surprise because we all knew XD but whatevs
John sighed as he ran his fingers through his hair, trying to tame it down somewhat. The only time he really saw Sherlock was at school when Sherlock, John, and the rugby players would all sit on the grass by Sherlock's tree and eat. He would also see him in class, but Sherlock never spoke and neither did he. Hopefully, all Sherlock would need was time, but he left in a week and didn’t exactly have time. One thing he didn’t want to do was to go off to the war and not have made up with Sherlock. He would probably cave before then, but for now he would hold his ground.
"He was on the phone with him... Right before it happened that is – well, while it was happening... I think he was trying to convince him not to, but obviously it didn't help – Christ! I've been with these boys since they were sixteen... I can't believe–" He cut himself off because he could feel his throat tightening, he blamed himself honestly. He was a detective; he should have known that Sherlock was hurting this badly.
“Nope,” He sighed, popping the ‘p’... it all hurt too much.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but was smiling. This was probably the oddest conversation he had ever had with anybody.
Irene grinned and ruffled his hair, “and here I thought you hated me!!”
“Ugh! Fine!” The faster John participated, the faster they would leave him alone… he hoped anyway. “Dare.”
John swallowed hard and picked at his food, of course Sherlock would bring it up like this. Then again these were his friends and he did owe them that much, but he didn’t feel ready.
“The rules were wrong mother! I was right! I’m always right! And it was the only explanation.” He grumbled bitterly, a slight whine dripping into his voice.
John just blinked at him again and then growled this was becoming too much, he couldn’t do it anymore, “Fuck you! I haven’t seen you in four and a half fucking years and you just push me away. You know our relationship isn’t what it used to be,
“Watch it,
Tears streamed down John’s face as he yanked off the cap, he didn’t even realise he was crying until a drop of water landed on one of the pills, slowly making it dissolve. He sniffled and dumped the whole bottle into his hand and just… stared at it. He couldn’t even tell you how long he stared at it, but he just needed a minute. This was his last moment on earth and he wanted to remember it. Though, he wanted to remember it being a happy one and it was the furthest he could get from happy.
Sherlock flopped on the bed and looked up at the ceiling, “Today was fun. We should go shopping all the time and buy you clothes and then you can look so cute when we go to school and I will have to force myself from jumping you because I find you so adorable and attractive and cute and you’re like a little fluffy hedgehog that I just want to hold in my arms!!” He squealed, really? Squealed? Since when did he do that? However, that didn’t last long before the bitterness set in, “Too bad somebody doesn’t want us to be exclusive,” He mumbled as he crossed his arms across his chest and began to sulk.
He walked outside and hobbled down the street because Sherlock, the bastard that he is, left him! He turned the corner and just thought about not limping anymore because he didn’t have Sherlock to see him, but thought better of it because someone else could be watching – someone was always watching. He limped down the street when all of a sudden a bag was getting thrown over his head and he was being shoved into the car, “Oi! Watch it! Let go of me!” he growled as the door slammed shut and peeled away.
Sherlock groaned, “Yeah, I’m sure.” He mumbled under his breath. Honestly nothing could fix the mood he was in, and he didn’t even know why he was so angry… Maybe it was because he thought the police would have taken him seriously and when they didn’t John just ditched him and was gone for hours! Not to mention after all that happened Mycroft brought up the worst possible time to talk about their father. He let out a long, suffering sigh and followed John. Eventually they stopped walking and Sherlock deducted they were standing in front of a building by the way the wind had changed. “Can I take this off now?!”
Claire was silent for a long moment, trying to calm down so she didn’t scream into the phone and wake up John. “Because he thinks you’re dead, whereas you know he’s alive. You know you’re coming back and yet he thinks he has to live the rest of his life without the one person he loves most. Not only that, but he had to watch you fling yourself off a building and nothing he said could stop you. So no. Do not sit there on the other end and tell me that you’re hurting just as much. In fact, I’ll be surprised if your little stunt didn’t just send him further into depression. Actually hang on, I know your stunt sent him further into depression, you
John started taking off his suit and using his coat to apply pressure to the wound in his chest. “Sherlock! This isn’t minor.” John whimpered and his world started spinning. “Oh god. Please – Please just stay with me…” He choked, pressing down on the wound as harshly as he could.
John sighed and looked up. “He doesn’t need to be taught anything.” He mumbled without much emotion, he was pretty proud of himself for being able to keep it out of his voice. “And he hasn’t even said anything to you, just leave him alone. He’s being quiet…”
Sherlock practically burst out laughing and nearly fell to the floor. The teacher turned around and glared at him and he gave a small apologetic shrug.
Naturally, Sherlock did the opposite. Sherlock looked over at John, then to the front of the class, then back at John. He noticed that John was drawing a picture of a dragon and it was actually really good… not that he would ever admit that to a rugby player. “You shouldn’t be drawing, you know... You should be paying attention to the lesson.”
“Oh, because you are way too proud of a man for that.” He smirked and then spun around and walked towards the door. He put his hand on the doorknob and paused slight, “Have a nice life,
Sherlock screamed and tried to shove him away, but he couldn’t, “YOU WHAT?”
John sat there with two fingers inside of Sherlock waiting for him to say he could move again. Eventually he saw Sherlock nod slowly and he continued with two until he added three, but this time Sherlock didn’t wince and he didn’t groan out of pain so John assumed that he was alright and kept going.
John kissed from Sherlock’s jaw all the way down to the waistband of his pants, nipping the skin occasionally as he went. He smiled up at Sherlock once he got to his destination and then pulled them off, slowly. His mouth went absolutely dry when Sherlock's erection sprang free, yes he had seen Sherlock naked, but no he had never seen him naked like
“Hello, John!” Claire sung happily, the sound made John feel sick, how the fuck could she be happy at a time like this? How the
Unfortunately, Claire had informed him that John wasn’t there and there was no point in even calling Zack because he could tell that he was over with Claire. Since when were they a thing? He took a breath and put the phone down, resting his hands against his face and trying to think of the best way to approach this.
And then he just stopped and stared at the ground. John frowned through his tears and then fear struck through him as he saw Sherlock walk to the edge and climb over the railing. John could tell he was shaking and he knew Sherlock was terrified, but Sherlock looked up into the sky and smiled sadly and then just let go. He jumped and John's heart felt like it had just stopped. He wanted to know what happened next, but the screen went black and that was the end... there was no more.
The worst part about it was that Brian was smart. He acted like the sweetest guy when Sherlock was around, but the second Sherlock was gone, or even just left the room, he would turn cold and evil. John realised evil was a strong word, but he didn’t know what else to call it! He honestly couldn’t believe him and Brian used to be extremely close, to the point where John thought they were best friends. Sherlock and John would be in the middle of snogging heatedly, while stripping their clothes. They would get down to just their pants and finally,
“I know, Sherlock… And I feel the same, but it is nice to actually go out on a couple of dates every once in a while. Rather than just sitting around at home.”
hmm I dont have any more laffy taffy's but i still want to do joke of the chapter... grrrrrr
John thought in a daze. Sure it was a little embarrassing that Sherlock did know all of those things, but that was the least of his worries. Especially when even knowing these things, Sherlock didn’t seem bothered by it – or jeering.
“Sherlock! Father isn’t
“My boyfriend about had a heart attack earlier when he saw that Hugh Jackman was here. So thanks for almost killing my boyfriend at my mother’s funeral.” He said dryly and for some reason people chuckled, even though he was being extremely serious.
John grinned back at him and lifted his hand to brush a curl out of Sherlock’s face, “for the record, I haven’t either.” He said softly.
“John… You’re not going to lose me… I can assure you that much.” He whispered quietly and stepped forward, “You have helped me so much… With Mycroft’s disappearance and just… with everything. Youve made me a better person and that’s something that people have tried, and failed, to do. I want to be better because of you, John...” Sherlock swallowed and kept walking forward until he was practically touching his chest with John’s.
?! Fine… whatever, go. I don’t care.” He growled and walked inside, he did care, of course he
“You walk out that door, John, and you can never come back! And if you do I
John sighed and handed Mycroft the phone as he went over to the naked Sherlock, “Wake up.” He said softly.
heh...
After that Sherlock and John never crossed paths again. Sherlock never saw the TARDIS again and he never saw John, and even though it hurt Sherlock it was all fine.
Who’s there?
“Eighteen Ninety.” He hummed and picked up the skull. “Is this mine..?” He blinked.
A slow smirk spread across Sherlock's face and he looked John over. “Alright… maybe a little bit.” He started to giggle with John, but then winced.
Sherlock's heart pounded as he ran through the streets of London, there was no way to tell for certain where John would go, but he did have an idea. He just hoped he was right because if he was wrong he wouldn't ever get to see John again – alive anyway. The thought killed him and he forced it out of his mind as quickly as it came, now was not the time to think about horrible things like that. He ran to St. Barts and took the stairs three at a time as he ran to the roof, almost tripping up them many times, but managing to keep his footing. His heart stopped as he flung the door to the roof open and saw John standing on the ledge. He took a breath of relief at the fact that John was actually up here, but the relief was quickly washed out by the fear that crept up upon Sherlock. He swallowed hard and closed his eyes as he stepped closer so John could hear him, but not too close as to startle him, the last thing he wanted was John to slip and fall because he had a fright. "John..." He whispered quietly.
John was shivering like a mad man, but hugged him back nonetheless. Sherlock took his hand and they both went back home, though, John wasn’t feeling too well so he just went straight to bed. After taking a shower Sherlock joined him. He would get hell from Garrett tomorrow for not even showing up, but he got to spend a day with John in the rain so he supposed that was good enough. Even though they both froze to the bone.
sorry... I may be a tad obsessed with this song at the moment and it's playing currently... so like I fixed it up a bit to fit... ahahahhah! for anyone out there wondering it's I Write The Songs by Barry Manilow
Sherlock took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He held the locket in his hand and ran his fingers over the little lettering on the front of the heart. He knew that being so close to John all the time was dangerous and that he should be working on getting rid of Moriarty’s network, but he couldn’t seem to stay away... and that really fucking sucked because if he had managed to stay away he could have finished this much, much sooner.
A: Oinkment. OHHHHHH LIKE A CUT LIKE A WOUND OH IT ALL MAKES SENSE NOW!
“Sherlock.... there are no ducks...” John frowned and tried to pull the blanket away.
“Fine.” Sherlock said softly with a smile and a slight twinkle in his eye.
I've been alive forever
He laid on the bed thinking everything over, he did that a lot in his free time because he didn’t have anything to do... Sherlock stopped writing him and he was not about to continue when it was clear that Sherlock was done and had been for three years now. Besides, he was done with Sherlock anyway, he just wished he had an outlet to vent to. Miles was dead so he couldn’t vent him anymore and ever since Miles had died he closed himself off. It was too risky to make friends out here and he wasn’t about to experience the type of hurt and anger and hatred that he felt when Miles died... not again. He couldn’t because he honestly didn’t know if he could take that pain again. In a way that was worse than losing Sherlock… Sherlock was just a letter, someone far away, but Miles had quickly become his best friend.
“And what would that be?” Sherlock growled, not commenting on Moriarty’s words – mostly because they were true.
John couldn’t help it... he tried to stop the tears from coming, but they came anyway and John hated that. At least they were silent and he wasn’t ugly sobbing, Sherlock was also there for him and not put off by the water works so that was something to be grateful for. Sherlock kept hitting his prostate over and over again and soon he was coming and clenching around Sherlock in the most pleasant way. He whimpered and cried while he pressed his face in Sherlock's neck, just breathing him in. He would miss Sherlock's smell the most he thought.
Sherlock was feeling awful. He didn’t want to tell John, but he did and now John hated him. He wanted to say something, but decided against it. It wouldn’t be a good thing. What could he even say? He should just say his goodbyes now and turn around to go home.
Zack and Brian nudged each other and laughed some more as John rolled his eyes and grabbed his books. When the teacher wasn’t looking, John dashed up to the empty seat next to Sherlock and sat down. He didn’t say anything he just resumed his drawing. Hopefully, if he was lucky, Sherlock would leave him alone.
John just let out a bitter laugh, “Sorry, for that… I honestly wasn’t expecting to say all that… it just came out, but I do feel a bit better.”
For a month John didn’t really do anything. He just sat on Zack's couch and stared at the wall. He did his homework, but that’s only because Zack forced him to. It was their last year of school and Zack said that he would not let John throw that all away just because Sherlock was a dick. John didn’t like it when Zack called Sherlock names, he didn’t like it when anybody called Sherlock names... because as much as Sherlock had hurt him and fucked him over, he still loved him with every bone in his body and John didn’t think that that was ever going to go away. He also didn’t think that Sherlock deserved his love, he didn’t want to give Sherlock his love, but he didn’t really have a choice on his feelings. The most disgusting part about all of this was, was that if Sherlock came up to him tomorrow and said, ‘you know what. Actually I didn’t collect enough data. I need to have you for a few more months.’ John would gladly follow him, even though he knew he was being used. The thought made him ill and disgusted with himself even more than he already was.
John giggled and couldn’t stop and Sherlock thought it was the most beautiful thing in the whole entire world, “It’s called jealousy Sherlock… and you needn’t be jealous because I’m yours and yours only. I promise.”
John was praying for Sherlock to answer him because he couldn’t figure out what he did wrong, but Sherlock never replied. Even if it was just a fucking break up letter he wouldn’t have even care at this point because at least he would have received something! John didn’t realise he had such a good memory, but apparently he did because all the letters whirled around in his head and he couldn’t get them out...
Brian shook his head. “I have something to say to just you.” He whispered. “I didn’t just choose you because you were the freak of the school—“
John smiled softly and set the phone down. Two weeks and then he would get to see Sherlock again, he didn’t care that Sherlock had never written him back because he actually had a reasonable excuse… unless this was just another one of his manipulation tactics, but John couldn’t think like that. He trusted Sherlock too much and after five long years of waiting – well, four and a half – and not being able to see him, everything was going to be just fine... or so he thought.
alright until next time bitches!!!!
John blinked. “No, Sherlock. Don’t lie to me! Normally, I might believe it, but don’t sit and tell me that you almost got raped, but ‘Oh!! Don’t worry, John! Because everything is just peachy!’” He growled, snapping a bit. He wasn’t mad at Sherlock, of course he wasn’t, but he hated the fact that Sherlock was brushing it off like it wasn’t a big deal. Because really it was.
“There’s something different between you and my son... I can see it... and I’m not saying your time away was a good time in your life, but his wasn’t either...” She said softly, searching the older boys face.
Wife: "Adorable, Beautiful, Cute, Delightful, Elegant, Fashionable, Gorgeous, and Hot."
care. You wish you could take it back.. which is why we’re settling for the outcome I thought would happen.”
Sherlock swallowed hard and just looked down, not speaking for a moment, “I’m trying, John... It’s just a hard time right now.”
awwww!! wasn't that so adorable!! I thought so! I just love my Sherlock and John as a teenager! I also really like how john goes way too fast and it's not perfect. its awkward and embarrassing and fumbly but it all just works out. And sherlock saying patience really is a virtue, john. is honestly probably one of my favourite lines because that's just so him. And when they grow up... Guys... I'm writing Chapter Eight as we speak and this story isn't anywhere near being done.... uhhhhh
John tried to think of reasons that Sherlock would do that, but he couldn’t. He thought about just being quiet for a while, but that wouldn’t be good either. “Why…?” he finally whispered as he continued to play with Sherlock's hand.
So now... here they are... alone at Baker Street and Sherlock is staring at him. He won't stop staring and the silence is deafening. John doesn’t really know how to tell him, and Sherlock was apparently content on staring at him. Sherlock did a lot of that lately, but John doesn’t understand why. John looks down because he can't stand it any longer... and maybe that’s why Sherlock did it... he doesn’t know, but then again John doesn’t really know anything nowadays.
Sherlock brusquely said, “I’m just going to be working over here, no help needed.” He strode quickly towards the back of the room and tried to direct John to follow, where hopefully Sherlock could keep John occupied and unseen.
“A sign,” Rosie replied, concentrating. She slapped another cutout snowflake onto the paper, giving it a good push to be sure it stayed in place.
Sherlock swung his head around quickly, lost his balance and fell, smashing the tube in the process.
John was enthralled. “It didn’t take you a whole month,” he predicted.
“Yes, I have an early morning as well. At the morgue.” He immediately winced at his rambling.
Then Sherlock began to play softer, slower - conducting from his violin, sending the signal to his fellow performers the piece was closing, and they all took their cue. One by one they softly ended, until one perfect sound remained. Everyone turned to the lone man in the window of 221B.
“Mr. Holmes, this is my dad, John,” Rosie said proudly.
“I will,” Sherlock quietly says as he sits alone at the table.
Sherlock swallowed and didn't know what to do, only that he wanted to help. "What reasons...." He whispered.
(See the end of the chapter for
John tried to focus on his breathing, her words were too much for him to listen right now, but he lost it anyway. His anger had been much harder to control ever since Sherlock had left him. He grabbed his beer and threw the glass against the wall, shattering it and sending beer flying everywhere. The pub was silent and John was heaving, gasping in gulps of air trying to get a handle on the anger bubbling up inside of him.
“I didn’t randomly leave, John!! I had a case!” He huffed and rolled his eyes, clearly annoyed at John for being too stupid to work that out.
Once the flat was clean Sherlock paced back and forth in front of the window for the whole three hours, what in the bloody hell was taking so long?? Sherlock knew, of course, that John was most likely deliberately taking his time just to drive Sherlock mental, but that didn’t stop him from pacing. Every time a cab so much as slowed down in front of Baker Street he pounced towards the window and glued himself to it. He was a nervous bundle, he knew he would have to tell John and the thought of that terrified him. What if John didn’t love him anymore? He knew that was not even a possibility, but he was still scared by it.
John nodded and looked more closely. He looked at all the tulips and wondered why that was the only flower they had in the secret cove he had found. “Why tulips?”
“Are you afraid of getting hurt? Is that what this is about? Because I can assure you from the look in John's eyes he doesn’t plan on leaving anytime soon.”
“Fine… but remember this is a shot in the dark and I really don’t want you to be mad. And I don’t want to jeopardise our friendship because I seem to have grown atta—“
John grinned back and the rest of the evening they ate and talked about nothing in particular. Sherlock even ate most of his meal and that made John happy because he hardly ever did at home. Sherlock deduced people and John would laugh at everything he was saying. Sherlock was honestly brilliant and everything was perfect, he didn’t want it to end. However, soon they finished their dessert and it was time to go home. John paid the bill and he honestly didn’t care how much it was, he had fun with Sherlock and that was all that mattered.
You're just wasting ener(G)
John rolled his eyes, but kept the flower in his hair anyway. He walked around the garden taking in each and every flower that he possibly could while Sherlock followed close behind. He got to the middle of the garden and realised there was a little stony path. He looked over at Sherlock to ask if he was allowed to go on the stony path. Sherlock smiled and nodded and so John slowly moved his feet and started walking through the trees on the path. When he got to the end the trees opened up to a beautiful secret secluded area. There was a stone bench in the middle of the grassy area and a little waterfall right next to it. John could hear birds chirping up in the trees and the sun beamed down from the sky, the light making the water sparkle. The only sorts of flowers in the area were tulips. John gasped as he took it all in, it was absolutely breath taking. He had never seen anything like it before. He turned and looked at Sherlock who walked up behind him and wrapped his arms around his waist while resting his chin on John's shoulder.
JoKe Of ThE cHaPtEr:
John sighed and looked up at her.
Sherlock closed his eyes and swallowed hard, “Claire…” He said quietly. “Let’s be reasonable…”
As much as he missed Sherlock, as much as he didn’t want to move on, or let him go, he knew he had to. It was incredibly exhausting living in the constant fog of depression. Waiting for the nights he could get drunk just so he could hear Sherlock's voice, even if it was verbally abusive. As much as the thought of moving on hurt, he knew that that is exactly what Sherlock would want for him – and if the roles were reversed, he would want that exact same thing for Sherlock.
! And I will never forgive myself for the things I’ve put you through. But I can promise you that I will wake up every day with the determination that I will
“HE KILLED SEBASTIAN!!!” Moriarty screamed and tears started to form in his eyes. Sherlock suspected they were angry tears.
him, Sherlock. I had a hard enough time keeping him alive before, I’ve absolutely no idea how I’m going to do it now. That being said you better hurry the fuck up and come home because I don’t think he can last much longer. Especially not after last night,” She bit out and then hung up before Sherlock had the chance to say anything because she could not deal with him right now.
Sherlock emerged from the bathroom looking like a fucking
John smiled as he pulled away and sat on the chair next to Lily’s bedside. He was so cold and his whole entire body hurt, he thought it would get better the longer he was up and about, but it only seemed to get worse and worse as each second passed, “I missed you too.” He said softly.
He sighed softly and then slowly opened his eyes. There was no point in pretending he was asleep because Claire would have been able to notice, and keeping his eyes closed was surprisingly rather exhausting. Plus, he wanted pain medication because he could barely move without his stomach feeling like it was going to explode, or cave in, or tear itself apart, or... Something. He blinked a few times to get used to the blinding lights of the hospital room and then looked over to his right.
Sherlock groaned when he heard the annoying buzzing coming from the side of his table. School… He reached his hand over and turned off the alarm clock and then took a deep breath to try and get the sleep out of his eyes. He turned over to see a John sprawled out on top of the bed. That was odd. Normally he was a light sleeper, but he didn’t even hear John come in last night. He shrugged it off and blamed it on the fact that Mycroft had pissed him off last night. Stupid Mycroft. Sherlock climbed out of bed and started to get ready for school. He would let John sleep a few minutes longer because John practically took three seconds to get ready… While Sherlock took ages because of his untamable hair!
“Yeah, like…” He trailed off and grabbed Sherlock by the lapels of his coat and pulled him into a loving kiss. He felt as Sherlock gasped a bit and he smirked against his lips. He loved it when he could catch Sherlock off guard. Eventually he pulled away and ran a hand through Sherlock's wet curls.
. “Who the fuck is this??” John growled and glared at Sherlock. He had been gone three days and already Sherlock had man candy decorating his arm?
“That is untrue. I gave you a blow job two weeks ago.” He narrowed his eyes and pushed John away a bit as he returned to his microscope.
I still havent written the next chapter of Tulips and people who read this in one hundred years will be like 'well it's up now!' and this line will just be pointless...
make perfect sense. It was like Sherlock's father had told him right before he killed him. John would look for the farthest thing from Sherlock when he was trying to move on. And a blonde, long haired woman with perky breasts was definitely the farthest thing from Sherlock. “Umm, yeah if you want to... just a Coke though – if that’s okay.”
He just didn’t understand social queues at times and John knew that, but he supposed he went too far. Sherlock had been so patient with John ever since he had come back, but it had been a week and it just felt like things weren’t going anywhere. If anything he felt like John was starting to resent him more and more. He didn’t know how to fix it.
John squeezed his eyes shut. It was just the wind and God dammit Sherlock was not about to stop him now. Not when he was so close to finally seeing him again!!
Let's get together and make some sense. ((OMFG I WAS SO WRONG BUT NOW I AM DYING OF LAUGHTER!!!! AHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!))
They arrived at a quaint little cottage out in the middle of nowhere. Sherlock sighed and walked inside. It was a really nice house, but he didn’t want to hide out here! He wanted to go back to Baker Street, back to where both he and John belonged. However, they were all right... it wasn’t safe there, though, Sherlock didn’t think it was safe here either.
Hours went by and Sherlock was cold and tired, he couldn’t stay out all night. He sighed, stood up, and then started walking back to the flat. He knew that there was a chance that John wouldn’t be there, but if he was there Sherlock would apologise. He would try and fix this and then they could get on with their life. He opened the door to 221B and walked inside, the flat was unusually silent and he sighed, John had obviously not come home. Maybe he never would, this wasn’t his home anyway.
“Anderson.” Sherlock said calmly. “I’m going to be nice because you look like an idiot. I don’t even know what
“I would love to do that for you,
Sherlock was lost in thought again. Ever since he lied to John he had been doing that a lot and now John was dead. He wasn’t on life support so now how could he survive? He swallowed hard and closed his eyes when suddenly he felt a jerky movement beside him and coughing. Coughing? Well, that didn’t make any sense... all the doctors had already left... He opened his eyes to see who had entered the room and when he realised no one else was there he slowly turned his head.
“If you don’t kill me you do realise I can just go tell Sherlock you’re a killer, right?” He swallowed and calmed down a bit.
“You’re wet… and naked…” Sherlock narrowed his eyes slightly, he didn’t exactly want a gay man to see his boyfriend wet and naked.
“That’s because they don’t know how much you give them... you put up a front when they are around you and most of them are terrified... in fact I don’t think you open up to anyone besides me and I think you’re really going to struggle when you go live with Sherlock because you can’t hide yourself and you know that... you also hate when people don’t call you ‘sir’ and you blow a gasket. I’ve seen it more times than I would like to admit. You hate being wrong, but you’re going to have to be wrong a lot when you’re with him... and John I really don’t think living with him is going to be a good idea... he’s going to pick you apart and you’ll have to stand there and take it... not only that, but you’ll have to tell him that what he did was amazing and brilliant and extraordinary.” He sighed, “I think you should rethink this...”
Answer:
Sherlock swallowed hard and stared up at the ceiling because what was he supposed to do now? He took a shaky breath and wouldn’t look at Brian, “John’s dead.” He said with no emotion whatsoever. This way he didn’t have to deal with anything – this way he was hoping it would hurt less, but it didn’t.
The cab that was taking Sherlock and John to wherever the hell they were going to eventually stopped. Sherlock looked over at John and smiled before paying the cabbie and climbing out.
“Fine... but calm down first and then you can have it...” Mycroft wasn’t about to give him a gun when he was flailing about in anger, he didn’t think John would purposely hurt him, but people were reckless when they were clouded with emotions.
“Calm down...” He whispered softly, kissing nipping Sherlock's ear and palming his non erect penis.
Once John was released from the hospital he spent a lot of time in physical therapy. He didn’t want any permanent damage to come to his shoulder, but he knew that that was wishful thinking. Still, his therapist said that he could get to a point where it would only ache sometimes and John would take that over his shoulder hurting all the time. He had a week before he met Sherlock and he wanted to look his best… he didn’t know why because Sherlock would probably hate him, but John didn’t do anything wrong so that was a bit unfair. However, at the same time he knew how Sherlock was.
Sherlock closed his eyes and told John he was sorry in his head over and over again, but John would never hear that. He slowly stepped up onto the ledge and then his eyes snapped open and he stepped back down. He ran to Moriarty who glared at him.
John closed his eyes and just kept his head on Sherlock’s chest, “Don’t you fucking dare.” He breathed harshly and just felt the rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest. The very real sign that he was here and this wasn’t his imagination. Not this time.
Mycroft shook his head, that was honestly nothing. If he flew out an emergency helicopter for every soldier that got a gunshot wound… well, the British hospitals would be flooded and he would be a very broke man – well, the government would be broke, but it was all the same to him, “as unfortunate as that is I can’t send a helicopter for a random soldier. It costs thousands of pounds and people are dying every day over there, they know what they signed up for when they deployed. I hardly think a shoulder wound is enough for me to send a helicopter! Furthermore, I’m not even the person you contact for this so I don’t even know why you even bothered–“
there are so many errors in this fic and it's actually doing like really good so I feel like a rude arse twat that you guys have to deal with all the errors so I'm fixing it up because I swear I have slight OCD along with my ADHD... and I don't even know why I'm writing this, but I see 'Notes' and if you are new here you will understand that I LOVE my notes. so Yeah... Notes... mmm
Anyway, I recently read this fic that fucked me upppp and it made me get back into writing. I'm going to finish it before the end of the year I promise you that! It only has one more chapter and then an epilogue!
Four months later and John was sitting in his flat. Sixteen months. Whoopdee-fucking-doo. He had gotten better about the drinking – yes, he still drank, and yes he still saw Sherlock, but he didn’t drink as much and he supposed that was something. John sighed and looked at the clock, it was around eight at night and John decided to go to the pub. Claire was working and didn’t get off until midnight he figured he could give her some company, and it was better than sitting in the flat alone.
John nodded once, smiling softly at the fact Sherlock made something of himself. “Please let me tell him...” John whispered.
In other news it has also taken so long because I moved states.... again... yep!! i'm back in utah bitches!!! my fucking twat of an aunt fired me and kicked me out of her house (in a state where i had no family besides my aunt an uncle) all because i didnt fold her laundry right... however if you ask me i think she just wanted an excuse to throw me out all along... she told my mom untrue shit about me... AND SHE FUCKING DELETED ALL OF MY RECORDINGS!!!! i would have deleted hers but she would have killed me... im not even joking you... like she hates this side of my family so im actually honestly surprised she had me come out in the first place....
He took his own seat and picked up the menu. “Thank you for coming with me,” He purred.
Although the first beginning note thing will probably be gone and never to be seen again... fuck.
“THEN WHY DID YOU LEAVE ME IN THE FIRST PLACE!!!!” He screamed and then winced, his throat was still raw from the tube they had inside of him.
John was quiet as his eyes slowly started to close. He was so tired and the room was spinning and everything hurt.
John's face paled, grabbing his hand was one thing, but to just say that so bluntly!? And also he didn’t even know for sure what he was. He also knew it was irrational, but he couldn’t help but think that Lily would kick him out of their home too because of what Sherlock had said. Most people didn’t accept homosexuals and he didn’t want to be kicked out of two houses in less than a two-and-a-half-hour time period. That would have had to be some sort of record.
"Mycroft! I almost died yesterday! I'm not going to school." He pouted dramatically and held John closer.
He closed his eyes as he slowly buttoned up his shirt with shaking hands when he felt a hand land on his shoulder. He jolted a little thinking it was Lestrade again even though he knew that was illogical because he saw them handcuff the man.
Claire swallowed hard and nodded. She knew he didn't mean it, but that didn't mean it hurt any less. "Right. Well. See you when they let you out. Perhaps then you’ll grow the fuck up and stop throwing yourself a pity party. I lost him that day too, John." She said tightly and then stood up and left the room. She wasn't about to break in front of John. He didn't need to see that, not now, not when he already had so much going on.
He didn’t want to get out of bed and he really didn’t want to leave the house, but he’d be damned if he wasn’t going to go to Sherlock's grave and talk to it. As weird as that sounded in John’s brain he was hoping that it would at least make him feel better. Maybe he wouldn’t be such a depressed twit if he got up and did something. He had read somewhere once that actually getting up and getting ready for the day made you feel better, John didn’t really care enough to test that out, but today was different.
Sherlock shook his head. “I will take the bed if you tell me why you are used to hard surfaces.”
“John! I promise Mummy will understand! Now please just accept it and move on! We don’t even have to share a room!  I have a spare one. Well, actually I have about ten spare ones...” Sherlock groaned, really who needed that big of a house for four people? But then he smiled down at John as he felt himself also walking closer to him.
Sherlock nodded once and took a breath. "Yes, I am aware that that outcome might happen, but at least that way he'll know I'm not dead and he'll get better... he won’t be suicidal, he’ll find peace and be happy. I knew the chances of him taking me back after this were next to none, but I had no other choice."
"John... where are you going..?" Sherlock blinked, but followed him anyway.
Sherlock felt his blood boil in his veins and hissed, “Who the fuck did he kill? How do you even know it’s confirmed? Why did you even think to
“Leave.” He growled and tried shutting the door, but Sherlock stopped it.
didn't like an angry John, especially when that anger was directed towards him. He wanted to make John happy, but he didn't know how... He pulled out his mobile and called a cab. At least then John wouldn’t be crotchety from the long walk they were sure to endure if they walked all the way home. Eventually, the cab pulled up and John climbed in as Sherlock followed. Everything felt wrong. John wouldn't talk to him, wouldn't look at him, barely even acknowledged him. He swallowed and tried to think of something he could say to make everything better... Make John feel better because right now everything hurt. It hurt more than it ought to and it hurt a whole lot worse than when John had a sea of girls throwing themselves at him. He racked his brain for anything to make John forgive him. He tried to think of what Mummy used to say when he was little and would hurt someone’s feelings. Two simple words… He didn’t know if two words could make all the pain Sherlock was feeling go away, but he had to try because right now anything was better than nothing. "I'm sorry..." He whispered before he even knew what was happening.
John sighed and then smiled softly as he started moving again. It was rather challenging because he couldn’t move his upper body. Sherlock had him pulled as close as possible... and his hands were in Sherlock's hair, but he wasn’t moving those either... so he just bit his lip and pressed their foreheads together. He started moving his hips again and soon he found a rhythm that was easy to move.
“I know,” the man said calmly. “You’re an addict.”
"NOTHING! I'm just sick of solving cases!" He growled.
"You are not!" Sherlock smirked. "Now come on. Get up."
Sherlock woke up and stretched. He sighed as he looked around the room and then shook his head. He slept in the guest bedroom... his and John's old room, but that was only because the bed was comfier and his was covered in experiments. He was doing a lot of that now... Experiments. He scrubbed at his face and then stood up to go take a shower, but then swallowed and looked away at the thought. John liked showers... a bath... yes; a bath would work just fine.
“Father is a good man… He just loses sight of that sometimes…”
don’t want to talk about that...” He felt sick.
Sherlock’s mother gasped, Zack’s heart fell, Mycroft made a strange sound, and everyone else in the room was silent, but Sherlock didn’t hear anything... He swallowed hard and looked up at his father, “What...” He whispered so quietly he didn’t know if anyone even heard him, and he felt so small – hell, he probably looked so small.
John just buried his face into her chest and wanted to cry, but nothing came out. And that made him angry because he hadn't cried once... He felt like by not crying it meant he didn't care, but he cared so much so he didn't understand. He just sighed and held onto her and eventually sleep claimed him. With the smell of Sherlock wafting through his mind, and Claire’s body against him sleep was easy. He could pretend it was Sherlock.
“Hello, Irene. It’s good to see you too.” He said smugly.
The mailman handed over John's letter to him and John practically screamed. He felt all bubbly and happy and this was his favourite time of the week. He ran to his tent and sat on his bed as he slowly opened the letter.
John nodded slowly and then frowned, “Shouldn’t I be the one to buy you a drink?” He raised an eyebrow and tapped at her glass a bit.
Before my happy days were (O)ver
"That's....” He paused and pursed his lips, “Not why...." He whispered.
John continued to sit there until Mycroft came back with two steaming hot cups of tea, “Hopefully, you still take it the same way.” Mycroft said as he handed him the mug.
“Like men. Yes.” He whispered. “But unlike you I don’t think I’ll ever be able to say that out loud again. It stays between us? I just took out my anger on you… And I’m sorry… do you think it would be possible to ever forgive me?” He swallowed thickly as he slowly looked up at John, his best friend.
Claire slowly set hers on the counter once it was clear that Sherlock was no longer on the other end. She sat down on the couch as her mind wandered back to a certain night when John had called her. Before the depression was that apparent... before it had gotten so bad that she had to move in. She closed her eyes as she thought of a time where she used to be able to calm him down, now it seemed she was doing the opposite.
Mycroft swallowed once he heard the door click shut. He looked at his younger brother and sighed, “You want me to show him everything?”
jOkE oF tHe ChApTeR:
Sherlock practically choked at the flavour, he immediately spat it out and half drooled on himself. “John!!!! That was disgusting!!” He flailed and glared at John, who was just laughing his head off and wiping tears from his eyes.
Sherlock swallowed and cut him off. "You still have the chance to make this okay... Just call an ambulance and leave me alone... That way you won't be a suspect... You can do it... You have a choice, John. You can either dial 999 or leave me alone to die, but right now I don't want to see you." He growled a bit, but more so because he was in pain, not because he was angry. However, he was angry... He was furious, but he couldn't focus on that right now.
