I could see the plodding train of his thoughts moving across his face and so I knew the very moment he made the wrong choice. My gaze met Holmes’ eyes and, in the next instant, his boot was moving, smashing onto the top of his captor’s foot. The knife slashed, but Holmes had already moved and so the blade moved harmlessly through the air.
It all went quickly after that and within the hour we were quietly climbing the stairs to our rooms. Not even pausing in the parlour, we went directly to the bedroom and began to slowly undress. I was startled to hear Holmes suddenly chuckle. “What?” I queried.
I closed the door against the cold and then glanced at the telegram, which was actually addressed to Holmes. Sensing that our morning rest was at an end, and probably not for something trivial, I decided to make us tea with which to face whatever was coming.
Mycroft was still enjoying his starter of Cornish shellfish bisque, while Sherlock poked suspiciously at his Twice-baked Cheddar soufflé, when he realised that Mummy was quite correct, at least about the ‘completely impossible’ part. The darling bit evaded him completely.
He was not actually very confident that Sherlock would even turn up for their usual lunch. It was true that Mummy had seemed quite optimistic about the idea. She had, however, at the same time suggested that he pick the location with care. In the end, Mycroft decided to avoid any public venue at all and simply invited Sherlock into his new flat. It was not the house that he aspired to, not yet, but it was in a very desirable building in Mayfair. He’d catered the meal in from Simpson’s and given his housekeeper the day off.
I was still dressed and ready to meet Lestrade at the address near the Tower he’d sent, but John was already in his pyjama trousers and pitiful dressing gown. Just sitting in his chair, drinking his tea and reading the Times. And not even today’s Times. Yesterday’s. I glared at him.
So we phoned Angelo’s and ordered far too much food, figuring that the left-overs would do for the next day as well. I turned on the telly and found the carols from King’s College. “Your old school,” I said.
The most recent victim, sadly, could not make that choice, because he had been found lying in his Milano Upholstered Platform Bed, with a Tiffany silver letter opener sticking out of his heart. Sherlock had the idle thought that the bed looked rather like the one his brother had. Ignoring the questions being put to him by an annoyed Parisian officer, he took a moment to Google it and found that his brother had paid about £22,000 for his bed. That sounded like delicious ammunition.
Clearly, she had been watching some chat show doctor again, but I wouldn’t argue with some lovely bacon. It was certainly better than the last time, when all she would talk about was ‘purging.’ I plucked a rasher off the plate. “Thanks, Mrs Hudson.”
He toyed with the notion of making himself a cuppa, but was afraid the activity might wake Sherlock, so instead he just poured a shot of whisky. Then he went to where his coat was hanging by the door and took out the small box, before walking to the window. Beneath the steadily increasing snowfall, Baker Street was as quiet as it ever was, with only an occasional car passing by. A solitary pedestrian, a homeless man by appearance, wandered from bin to bin looking for treasure.
The increased pinkness that rose on Holmes’ cheekbones was not down to the cold, I knew, but to anger at having his judgement questioned.
With that terribly fanciful thought, I finished the whisky, banked the fire and went back to my—or dare I say our—bed.
That life was so comfortable in our little cottage, the days filled with only those things that pleased us—the bees and his magnum opus on crime for Holmes, the garden and my own scribblings for me—that we felt no need to venture back to the Smoke, excepting for something either quite necessary or quite desirable.
They took the train into King’s Cross. It was a much different journey, Mycroft discovered, when one was in the company of a seven-year-old boy filled with too much energy and too many questions. It took very little time for those questions to devolve into loud and hideous queries about the personal lives of the other passengers in the First Class carriage.
I sat down at the table, with my mood declining evermore. “Does he have no old acquaintances who practice in a respectable neighbourhood?” I complained.
I could hear Sherlock’s voice in my head, making caustic remarks about mentioning his brother and a heart in the same sentence, but when he reached the bedside, he spoke quite gently. “You will go to any length to avoid seasonal jollity, won’t you, brother dear.”
At the moment, he was debating between a silk scarf with tiny lavender violets and one with large pink roses for Mrs Hudson. The caramel-coloured girl behind the counter was waiting patiently for him to decide. Well, possibly she was patient. Or maybe just bored.
Tonight, however, we still did not speak, even as we saw the lights of the inn appear ahead of us. Instead, we only sighed in unison as the last peal of the bell faded away.
He seemed to take a deep breath and then started to play. I, on the other hand, scarcely breathed at all as the music rolled across the room and seemed to envelope me like a favourite blanket. I knew, somehow, that he had written this for me and the expression on his face seemed to beg me to understand.
Apparently, Mary thought it was to give him a hug and a kiss on the cheek. “John Watson Christmas shopping? What has the world come to?”
It was just after the cold, crisp dawn on Christmas Eve when the hard knocking woke us. “Stay,” I said to Holmes. “I’ll go.”
It was a slow journey, even as the storm diminished, and a silent one as well. Sometimes words were unnecessary between us and on those occasions the silence itself spoke volumes. This was one of those times.
The usual collection of the supposed experts from the Yard were already gathered when we jumped from the cab. Well, he jumped from the cab, while I stayed behind to pay for the ride and then had to move quickly to catch up.
Mycroft eyed his brother, trying to remember when he had last seen such contentment in his eyes. Had he ever done so?
Feeling a bit unnecessary, I decided to step outside the room and have a pipe. First, I walked to the bed. “You do not look nearly as peaky as I expected,” I said; it was only a little lie.
“Sherlock Holmes?” His voice was smooth and carried a distinct foreign accent. “I know the name. You are that notorious London detective, aren’t you?”
Sherlock's silver eyes flit to the side in a motion quick like a viper's stroke and return to his lovers face. John discreetly follows his glance, right in time to see a young, twenty-something man dressed in impeccable business suit deftly pulling out a purse out of a bag of a female guest. The woman notices nothing, chatting unconcernedly with her friends at the table.
The large, nicely reconstructed underground studio was full of antique statues. The copies of every antique work imaginable, made in every size from the tiniest to the very big, filled the shelves on the walls, long benches placed near the sides of the room and even the separate pedestals. Two biggest ones were situated in the middle of the warehouse, on a makeshift podium. Beardless, decadently naked Dionysus wearing a wreath of flowers and holding a cup of wine in his left and the long metal thyrsus in his right hand was one of them. He was paired with an equally naked but stern looking young archer adorned with a laurel-wreath, stretching a metal bow.
“Is it?” The young man smiled in haughty amusement. “Personally I do not care for such Saxon horse-face.”
Sherlock coughed then and reclining his head to the side, announced: “It was honeysuckle in the original.”
The jetboat was propelled into the air with an aggressive force. And just like that, it landed into the big blotch of light cast by the huge tourist boat passing nearby. The tourist boat whose deck was swarming with females, I might add. They were all outside, making an effort to photograph the Canary Wharf or the bowl-shaped O2 building - and obtained another exciting view to that unexpectedly.
At my remark, Sherlock lifted his pale eyes, disconcertingly green like the surface of the marchland and stared hard at me. I licked my lips with provocative slowness and winked at him.
Properly chastised, we returned to our previous activities. Sherlock busied himself with the close examination of collected wares while I approached the shelf placed next to the staircase, containing the book on mythology. I removed the bulky tome off its place, paged through it until I found Apollo and immersed myself into reading.
He knew something was off with Culverton Smith when he first set eyes on him. And yet he abandoned Sherlock and left him in the power of that sleazy, untrustworthy individual without any compunction. The heart-rending grief, the profound sense of hurt and rage and Sherlock's well-meant, but entirely crazy antics veiled his eyes to the truth and hardened his heart… Things that were so hard to repair now.
“Not far really. Just to Finland Street in Rotherhithe, right next to Greenland Dock. If we take the route through Bermondsey, we can be there in a jiff.”
I climbed the squeaky stairs and swiftly approached the repulsive box of the bay-window. Behind its empty door-leaf, the actual door to the flat was visible, embedded deep into the wall. It was wide open and the flood of light spread over the worm-eaten planks from behind it. No sound was audible and that fact was enough to give the scene a sinister atmosphere.
His eyes met Sherlock's, head-on, boldly, with the soldierly determination: “I'm not the one for big speeches, Sherlock. So I'm just offering you this. Us. I would very much like to have it, if it's the thing you wish for too…”
“What? A hotel?” Vernet recoiled in horror and disgust. “You can't mean that! Of course you will stay in my place tonight and Doctor Watson is invited too! I insist!”
They wandered through the abandoned island road in wordless pensiveness from Sherlock's side. And John did not try to break this barrier of silence down. He damaged their friendly relations more recently and was used to see more reserved, business-like side of Sherlock from that moment on.
He shook my hand off angrily: “Don't talk nonsense, John! That man is innocent, he could never perpetrate this crime, that's impossible!”
We emerged from the building via the automatic door facing the quiet street shrouded in greenery. Running like crazy, we dashed round the corner of the house and reached the little bridge by which our odyssey originally begun. Even from the distance I could discern the loud whirr of the motor boat. Just as we arrived at the water-margin, the sleek white body of a dynamic-shaped vessel detached itself from the wooden pier and promptly headed to the middle of the dock, taking up speed, leaving only disturbed, rippling water in its wake.
Sherlock's deep, hearty moan resounded above him anew. Sherlock's wiry hands flew up and after an awkward moment, rested on John's shoulders.
”So what do you think, Sherlock,” inquires John who fiddles with a paper cup full of ale in his lap. “Do you hate marriage as strongly as before, now?”
“Wretched!” I murmured helplessly, sinking back into my seat and I stared at the unending line of cattle wagons with a growing sense of disappointment. “I can't believe he escaped like that, God damn it all to hell!”
“Just think about it, John!” Sherlock gesticulated in excitement. “Just think what we saw at the site of a tragedy! The house which was neat from outside, but nothing more than a derelict ruin from inside. The poisoned tea. The room where the shooting took place, the dead man at one side of the door, the drugged up man at the opposite side, the door between them completely unscathed. The blocks of coal which should scatter around the victim in a completely random manner but which were arranged into something of a row. Does it ring a bell with you, John?”
The compartment housed the sole occupant this time. He was a fairly young man, lavishly dressed in an expensive tuxedo and an elegant pearl-grey overcoat and he was sporting a tall top-hat. His lively black eyes intensely scanned the newspaper spread out in front of him as a shield. The sensitive nostrils and neat, but underdeveloped muffs twitched in some triumphant gaiety and the full lips were stretched into a self-satisfied smile. Under his collar, a decorative pin held his bow-tie in place. Beautiful yellow chrysanthemum flower was pushed into the lapel buttonhole of his tuxedo and worn as a luxurious boutonnière, flashing at me like a small sun with every movement of its owner.
At the hour they previously both agreed on Rosalie came to the chimney, opened the wicket and listened closely until she heard the sound of the shot reverberating above. Her sole task was to pull the cord after that and to drag the revolver into the hole, to let it fall down, probably into some container littered with straw to cushion it upon impact. Taking care of the weapon that way, all she had to do now was to close the wicket once more and to wait for a suitable moment to dispose of the gun entirely.”
Small coffee table was placed to man's right with two objects adorning its surface. One of them was a tea-cup with some liquid residue at the bottom of it. The other was a nasty looking revolver.
He kissed John roughly, letting his teeth be felt and then he started to move his hips, trusting forth, his member bobbing in front of John's fly, every gesture signalling his impatience.
“Sorry to interrupt you, messieurs,” he said stiffly, not able to hide the dissatisfaction resounding in his voice. “But shouldn't we give chase to the criminal? I know he is out of his element here in this place, but he is an old fox. Who knows what other felony he will perpetrate come the morning...”
Thankfully, he seemed to be descending now. Unable to aid him in any way, I nervously observed him, shaking in agitation.
“Excuse me, monsieur.” I tipped my hat in greeting and continued in a gruff tone to conceal my English accent: “Would you mind if I join you? I never expected the first class to be so full today and it seems your compartment is the only one with a bit of place left in it.”
I slowly unbuttoned his shirt and prostrated myself on his naked chest, kissing him with abandon. He reciprocated passionately. Emboldened by this response, I quickly stripped him, leaving the rest of his clothes on the floor and being dressed myself, I claimed him greedily, embracing his lean, firm thighs and torso in turns.
The harsh, but fresh wind went right at him, reviving his entire being with its cold touch. John marched to the beach determinedly and as he reached the water-margin, he stepped on the rock, took off his shoes and put them to the side carefully.
“Marie! Marie!” The young waitress called her name and touched her face gently, full of worry and confusion.
“No, he didn't!” Sherlock protested heatedly. “I never felt misused or exploited by him! I was active in that relationship and I sought Julian's attention eagerly. It was a flattering thought that he craves me so much. I felt wanted… I felt like a chosen one.”
“That might be the truth... still, it pisses me off he got away when I almost had his collar felt.” I grumbled contritely. “How did he manage that, by the way? It probably wasn't a coincidence the train stopped at the moment most suitable for him, was it?”
”Oh, that's all right with me,” comments John unconcernedly and inclines his head quite close to Sherlock's, staring intently into the pale eyes that opened again and darkened in thrill. “You know that I crave danger.”
With the tourist season ended, the resort stood under the cloudy sky empty. The cottages squinted at the sea, with their sombre windows resembling blind eyes. The building of the small restaurant, firmly locked up, slept their deep winter slumber at the water-front.
“Would someone tell me what is happening here?!” He demanded angrily. “If these men do not have anything to do with the crime, who shot this poor guy then? Was it him?”
I have thought we’ll take Lestrade’s car and be off right away but Sherlock unexpectedly headed back to this quiet building. It surprised me, but I did not ask needless questions and just moved after him.
“Unlock it,” he responded, smiling openly now and hunkered down to put his shoe back on. I complied and in no time we were free from our impromptu prison, heading out through the damp cellar-corridor.
“Not interested, thank you.” Sherlock replied briskly and switched on the hotel PC placed on the tiny table in the corner. “Besides, I have some work to do. I'll sleep here. You can go up there, it's all yours.”
"I had to," shrugs John with a cheeky grin. "Our neighbours would otherwise think some bloody sawmill was placed here in our room."
I pierced Sherlock with an accusing glance. It was incredible that a third party possessed such wealth of information on his family and I was left entirely in the dark in that regard. Cousin or not, this was quite unfair to me!
He makes a face and maliciously buries his palm into Sherlock's awfully dishevelled curls, pulling them slightly.
He rubbed his face with his hands in frustration: “I was one of them while I lived here, yes. But that thing is in the past now. I am no longer a pure one. I chose my own path.”
In that moment the wheels of a cab rattled on the cobblestones near us and the spacious hansom came to a halt at the edge of the trottoir, empty, with Vernet sitting next to the cabbie. Sherlock gave me the last meaningful, dark stare and quickly jumped inside, leaving the door open for me.
“Sherlock!” I hissed and grabbed Sherlock's forearm, barely stifling the urge to shake him. “What the hell? Don't tell me you want to make us an accessory to this crime!”
John stilled his hand for a while and relished the sight, thoroughly satisfied with the result. Two strong thighs, pale like alabaster pillars, were adorned with a tuft of wild, jet black curls. Heavy, dark red member grew from the forest of soft curly hair, resembling some exotic plant or a bizarre mer-creature, slick with glossy coating of the smeared precum.
Due to such proceedings, a dormant part of Sherlock's anatomy had woken up again and is begging for John's attention too.
And with this Parthian shot he walked away, following Lestrade and leaving me open-mouthed behind him.
But I didn't dare to explicitly ask this yet. So I just scratched myself behind the ear as if I was hiding embarrassment and I squinted to the side, thinking aloud: “There is one thing in the whole situation that does not make sense to me at all, Sherlock. If Authié spread Catharism around, why the deuce would he try to visit a Jesuit all of a sudden? They could have nothing in common, for sure. Also, wouldn't it be risky for him to keep such relations?
“Ooh!” Sherlock rumbled in a low tone and went slack against the wall of the cottage, looking bewildered and rapt at the same time.
“I understand why you are obsessed,” he continued with his soliloquy as if I didn’t utter a word. “But don’t succumb to him, Dr. Watson. He’s a cruel god.”
It seemed to take forever until he reached the boarding platform again. Two fire-trucks and one ambulance called by concerned citizens arrived in between and the place was in mayhem, but Sherlock didn’t take heed to it. He swaggered back to the area with a cigarette in the corner of his mouth and lit it showily in a bad James Bond imitation, eyeing us with satisfied smugness.
“Suicide, John?” Sherlock smiled contemptuously. “This was anything but. The guy was already dead before he was thrown out of the cubicle.”
Vernet struggled for air like a fish, red-faced and confused. He shook his head and stammered: “No… no! That's… that's impossible!”
I flared out: “Don't bring my relationships with women into it! I did not seek them out since we ended together!”
And there he was, my mad, mad Sherlock, balancing on the steps of the ladder. He was almost at the same height as the spindle of the Eye, so approximately 200 feet above the ground. How he managed to climb there, why he did it, that all was beyond my comprehension. He looked small and vulnerable up there, a toy for the elements and his black trousers and indigo shirt aggressively flapped against his lean figure as bouts of wind jogged against him.
The little mussel remained in the room alone, resting peacefully in a glass of water placed next to the still whirring PC.
“Thank you, maybe later,” replied Sherlock phlegmatically, not the least disturbed by the jab. I only looked at the thief in contempt, enraged by the deliberate mispronunciation of my name.
“You will have the crutch before 9 o’clock AM tomorrow. I’ll bring it to you as it is, unchanged and undisturbed” He replied firmly, with absolute conviction.
He smiled warmly then. He came quite near to Sherlock and shortly squeezed his forearm, his fingers long, delicate and frail.
We sprinted along the line of houses on the other side, flying by the edge of the former dock. The level of water was unusually high, its dark surface glistened only a few inches beneath our feet. I often glanced at it over my shoulder, trying to observe the movements of the boat in the twilight. But it was futile. As soon as we reached the big building towering over the top-end of the dock, the stern of kidnapper’s vessel disappeared somewhere near the centre of the opposite bank.
After that, he entered the icy waves and waded through them carefully. His legs felt totally numb, but thankfully, his prise was quite near, it smiled at him from the base of the nearest rock. He reached for it and gently separated it from the ragged surface of the reef.
And afterwards – unbelievably – he slowly turned to me, holding the crutch in his fist. His face bathed in sweat and he looked stricken. Shadows cast by sharp angles of his cheeks lengthened. His hollow eyes met mine and he shook his head faintly.
They found their cottage relatively quickly – it was the one next to the reef and the small beach underneath. The mechanical lock opened with a subtle click. After that, they entered the warm interior with relief.
Sherlock, who lies lazily spread on the bed, props himself upon his elbows and flings his head backwards, sticking out his chin: "Shave it then, if you like."
John found the stubborn mollusc without any big problem. It really got stuck there, behind the full, firm balls, in the most improbable nest possible. He gently extracted it and pulled it out of his friend's underwear, tittering like a teenager in the process.
Tall, beautiful young man displayed his nakedness with a sensuality that was not entirely masculine. Lush curls covering that proud head fell on nicely formed shoulders in heavy waves, whimsically backswept and long white neck offered itself to the spectators as if it awaited a kiss. Large cloak, clasped by the brooch, only existed as a narrow strip spread over both clavicles, leaving nothing to imagination otherwise. Yet there was nothing animalistic in that face. Strong jaw, broad forehead and bold, direct gaze spoke of a composed character and a keen intellect… if statues could think, of course.
In the following half an hour we became human again. Sherlock used the bathroom first and dressed after that, while I relished the hot water under the shower.
Holding a bag full of thin wooden planks I patiently waited near the place where the doors to the first-class carriage should appear any minute. But from time to time, my eyes were inadvertently ranging over the platform, keenly observing the passengers standing to my left.
“You really want to do that?” John replied, throwing the soiled briefs to the corner. “It started raining a minute ago and the road will be quite muddy, I'm afraid. Besides, it looks like a storm is coming, so the 'copter is out of the question too, so it seems. And there's a nice bed upside. Untried by you yet. Don't you want to at least cast a look on it after you paid for it?”
When we were seated safely inside, our hansom cab racing in the direction of Rue de l'Orb like crazy, I finally managed to ask Sherlock: “You are up to something. Did you get to the crux of the matter at last?”
“All right.” Sherlock turned on his heel and headed back to the river. “Come on, John, we have some work to do…”
“What…?” He stammered after a while. “What does that mean? What exactly do you insinuate right now?”
The pink-cheeked granny who stood nearby and who carried two live chickens in the basket thrown over her shoulder tut-tutted compassionately. She leaned to Sherlock and informed him in a hushed up voice of a well informed confidant: “Don't bear a grudge against them, sir, they didn't mean it like that. They both adored Monsieur Arnaud immensely. They must still be in shock.”
At least Béziers was nice to look at. It was nothing like London or Paris, of course, but after the constant jostle and jumble and deafening din of both metropolises the atmosphere of this small town felt very refreshing and peaceful for a change. On our short tour through the city, we passed around charming Languedocien houses coated with white or ochre plaster. Some had their facades decorated, others possessed the simple beauty typical for the architecture of Southern France, but all had their roofs covered with reddish roof tiles weathered by the glaring sunlight during long local summers. From time to time, a strange apparition materialised over those roofs, a walled citadel of sorts, some large mass of a palace or a cathedral assumed rather than actually visible on top of it.
He stared first at the ring nestled in its silken bed, then at me and finally he reached for the box. But instead of trying the ring on his finger, he merely read the inscription More than once. Then he held the ring out towards me. Was this the rejection I had feared? But finally he spoke. “I believe that you should put it on my finger, John,” he murmured	.
He wanted to know the story behind the inscription, wanted to know who S and J were. Had been. More than a century ago.
Sherlock put on his Eternally Patient face. He must really want the tea. “John,” he said, drawing himself up to his tallest. “Really, of the two of us which one is the
“How is life back on Baker Street?”she asked after a few minutes of idle conversation about the charming cafe and the weather.
“No, thank you,” Sherlock said, grinning as he managed to catch the attention of a passing black cab. “I have given up wearing ties.”
Clearly still not one to stand on propriety, Mary Morstan was hurrying towards him, ruthlessly elbowing her way through the crowd. John put the two scarves back down onto the counter. What was the etiquette for greeting a woman you were once [almost] engaged to and from whom you had parted on, well, awkward terms?
They talked a little longer, about the case and John’s day at the clinic, but finally John’s cooking reached a point that required close attention, so they said goodbye.
John was watching a football match on the telly when Sherlock returned from his lunch with Mycroft. A plate with crumbs and a glass containing only the dregs of a beer were on the table next to him. He smiled. “How was your lunch?” he asked after they shared a quick kiss.
The last time he had felt so ridiculous had been at uni when the girl he was dating insisted that they were going to a fancy dress party in drag. She wore a tuxedo and top hat, while he was in a slinky red gown and a blonde wig. At the time, it had made him reconsider the relationship.
On Christmas Eve, she prepared a feast for us, making up for the fact that on the day itself she would be visiting her sister, leaving us to the mercies of the Criterion for our dinner. But on this night, she fed us royally and even Holmes indulged in a plateful of excellent turkey, sprouts, potatoes and more. The finishing touch was a glorious flaming plum pudding. We lavished her with praise and gave her the several small gifts I had purchased. Holmes slipped her an envelope which I knew held an extravagant five pound note. She promised to leave breakfast for us the following morning before departing for Greenwich.
It seemed as if the universe were issuing a blessing to us. To our love. The world might scorn us, but perhaps the angels approved.
Sherlock closed the case file, leaned over to drop it back into the box. “As this is Christmas Eve, I thought we might splash out a bit and get Angelo to deliver us something.”
We had almost reached our destination, when the bell of the nearby church began to toll midnight. I was startled by the sudden noise, in part because it felt as if the  hour should have been much later. But then I realised that there was a certain comfort to be had in hearing the familiar sound.
We both heard Lestrade approaching from the alley at the same moment and by the time he actually appeared, we were standing the proper gentlemanly distance apart. The inspector looked even colder than I felt. And grumpier. “Perhaps, Holmes, you are wrong this time. Hopper may not be coming here at all.”
I shrugged sheepishly and set the tray down on the bedside table, before slipping under the quilt with him. We each took several fortifying swallows of the hot tea before I handed him the telegram.
Whether I were angrier at Holmes or myself was a debate that could be had, but at the moment all I did was give a short reply to the man. “Apparently not,” I said.
He only nodded amiably and began to browse. There were a lot of old books, but nothing really captured him. Nothing on poisons or gruesome murders or arcane science history. After a few minutes, he moved to a table that was piled with odds and ends. Old fountain pens. Several Royal Dalton teacups, slightly chipped. Non-ticking watches. A lady’s mirror decorated with probably fake pearls. Two old biscuit tins, one with a young Queen Elizabeth II painted on top and the other with an eternally young Diana.
Hodges was the chef Mycroft had poached from the American ambassador, which put a strain on Anglo-American relations for some months. I took a cautious taste of the offering. The creamy drink tasted of cinnamon and was heavily spiked with bourbon. “Watson is a man who finds this sort of thing—” I made a vague gesture around the brightly lighted room, at the chattering and gaily dressed guests. “—palatable. Appealing,” I was forced to add.
Not that his mind was really focussed on shopping. Or on Christmas, for that matter.  Deciding between perfume or a silk scarf for Mrs Hudson was not what he’d thought this morning would hold. Nevertheless, he decided to buckle down and get the bloody business done.
He stood outside for several minutes and whilst I knew he was there, I just let him ponder matters until he felt ready to enter. Finally, he tapped, too lightly, on the door. “Holmes,” he said.
The repeated mentions of a ‘do’ reminded me of something, but the rhythm of John’s heartbeat lulled me to sleep before I could figure out what.
I could tell that Lestrade might have been prepared to argue the point [the man is stubborn] but, before he could speak, we all heard the sound of a growler coming up the road. Immediately, we silenced ourselves and moved back into the shadows to watch as the passenger descended and started for the door. Unfortunately, none of us had anticipated that the driver was a cohort who, as he started to drive away, spotted us and gave a shout of warning. Hopper threw himself back into the carriage and it moved off quickly. With a whistle, Lestrade summoned up the police carriage and we all three jumped in and took up the pursuit.
Mary had been cheerful when John arrived for that meal, chattering about the menu and making a few light-hearted [yet somehow still pointed] comments about the interrupted proposal. When the waiter had delivered two glasses of sparkling white wine and taken their orders for a Caesar salad and a medium-well beef burger with cheddar and bacon, she lifted her glass as if toasting.
which had involved stolen postage stamps. The thief had tried to sell his ill-gotten treasure to one of the small Victorian-facaded shops that lined Cecil Court.
So later that day, we found ourselves in London. The city glittered with holiday spirit, as the well-off dressed in their finest garments and flitted from dance hall to cafe to exclusive clubs. Apparently the holiday meant an early start to the partying, at least for those who had the status and the funds. The city no longer belonged to Victoria and that was obvious.
I held him more tightly and we watched the last stars fade from the sky as Christmas Day began to arrive in London.
It was not a new case Lestrade had texted Sherlock about, but simply a question about the case of the murdered toy importer, something he wanted to clear up before leaving his office for the holiday.
It was very late by now, so he switched off the bedside lamp and we curled into one another to sleep.
The man, Wilkins by name it seemed, only laughed. “Oh, I expect that by the spring you will be quite familiar with the lake.” He turned his attention to the thug. “The sledge, I think, Henry. And one of those canvas bags.” Then he gave a vague gesture. “You know what we need.”
Then I shoved the drawer closed rather more fiercely than necessary and stiffened my spine. This was what I wanted to do and if it lead to humiliation or worse, then so be it. I marched back into the sitting room and did not hesitate before kneeling in front of him. “I have a gift for you, Sherlock. I accept that the rest of the world will never know, can never discover, what this means to us. But that does not matter. I shall know and if you accept it, you will understand what this present symbolises. Think me foolish if you will, but understand that this comes from love.” I opened the box and held it out to him.
Luckily, I had grown accustomed to playing second fiddle to homicide, so all I did was shake my head and push away from the door. “Come along,” I said. “We don’t want to be late.”
When she entered, I was back in my chair and Watson was already at the table, rubbing his hands together enthusiastically. “Oh, Mrs Hudson, you are a treasure! Dare I hope for beef with some of your most excellent mustard?”
It was a surprise a few minutes later, when he stepped out of the old Montmarte apartment building, to realise that it had started to snow. No doubt Paris was lovely in the snow; John would no doubt think so and would probably wax poetic on the subject. But John was not in Paris; he was in London, caught up in the middle of a sudden and rather vicious flu epidemic.
Because it was still not the right time for their much overdue conversation, John refrained from pointing out that it had been several years since either of them had been in 221B for the holidays. He sipped the tea. “What the devil is the case anyway?” he asked after a moment.
By the time I had changed my shirt and called the surgery where I worked off and on to see if they needed me for the day [they did not], the event at breakfast had faded. And there was a case!
He sighed, which I knew meant that he would answer my query, but only at great personal sacrifice. “There are some aspects of the mythology which are of mild interest.” He glanced upwards at the statue beneath which we were hidden. “In the common mind, angels are so often portrayed as females. Lovely females, as society defines that term.”
I think we both knew what awaited us, but still he paused for one more moment, letting our morning remain hopeful. Finally he sighed and carefully opened the telegram. I leant against his shoulder so as to read with him.
John just nodded. He wanted to tell Sherlock about his clever retort, but wasn’t quite sure that his voice would work. Instead, he just stared into those impossible eyes, with all the colours swirling together. Blue and green and dark grey. It was like watching a storm approach over the ocean. Then, abruptly, he saw something shift within the maelstrom. Something he could not identify.
The look we shared then was, somehow, as heated as my bath had been. I seemed to feel my face grow even rosier.
Mummy tsked. “They were just always so close because she gave him his first violin and encouraged him so much.”
The church bells that suddenly rang out over Westminster seemed to seal the deal and provided the jubilant background music as two men made love on Christmas morning.
There was a sound from somewhere nearby in the blackness of the cemetery and we both stilled immediately. A moment later, however, a scruffy mutt ran past, chasing something we could not see. We relaxed and shared a bemused glance.
Turns out that the music was rather good background to a snogging session. Luckily, before things got too hot, the doorbell sounded. A Christmas miracle: Sherlock ran down to fetch the food and give the delivery boy a big tip. We spread everything out on the table in front of the sofa and ate garlic bread, raviolis stuffed with Italian sausage, penne with pesto and more. The eggnog was gone, so we had some red wine.
He drained the whisky and went to hide the ring box at the bottom of the desk drawer. On his way back to bed, he passed the window and glanced out. The snow was covering the city now, turning the usually harsh urban landscape into something softer, almost magical.
I stood there another moment and then I went into the room and sat down next to him on the sofa. We didn’t speak, but after a moment, I bent forward and kissed him.
Again, my thoughts wandered backwards. “My mother shared that notion,” I said. “She always told me that I was being watched over by my own angel.”
His path was the more direct and so by the time I reached the entrance of the stone mausoleum, Oscar Biggins already had a rather fearsome blade at Holmes’ throat. Of course, my pistol was ready in my hand. [I know my role.] “Think carefully, Biggins,” I said tightly. “Your fate lies in your own hands.”
“Oh, I would love to,” he lied. “But I still have some shopping to do and Sherlock will be expecting me home for lunch.” John smiled. “I promised him sticky toffee pudding.” Well, not exactly, but no Holmes he knew would ever turn down pudding and custard.
There was a brief pause and then he began to tell me about some new developments in the apiarian world.
He fell into sleep quickly and so I learned the sounds of Watson asleep from a much closer position than previously. His soft inhalations and exhalations. An occasional mumble or grumble. The slide of his skin against the bedding.
The body was still dangling from the lamp post, although the specialists were hovering impatiently. “Quickly, Sherlock,” Lestrade was saying as I approached. “This sort of thing is apparently bad for business, as half-a-dozen merchants have told me already.”
His lips twitched, fighting a smile. “I suppose sentiment is not always disagreeable,” he said. “Despite all the evidence we have seen that it often leads to murder and mayhem.”
Too soon, we arrived at that same St Bartholomew’s. I saw Holmes straighten his shoulders as we walked through the doors and gave him a comradely pat on the back.
Holmes tightened the scarf around his neck against the increasing chill. Then he reached out and did the same for me. I did not mention it, but did give him a small smile. “In actuality, scripture is filled with male angels,” he continued as if there had been no interruption. “Raphael. Michael. Gabriel. Additionally, in both Greek and Latin, the word ‘angel’ is always used in the masculine form.”
I picked up both our empty plates and took them to the sink. “You got that rather wrong, then, didn’t you?.” I turned around to look at him.  “It’s your family, Sherlock. Dinner at Christmas time is not such a big thing to ask.”
The case of the Brighton Butcher had kept them running for a fortnight. It was the most exciting case they’d had since Sherlock’s return. John felt as if chasing the serial killer through the tourist haunts on the coast was the most fun he’d had in years. At the same time, he was also aware that the whole thing had kept them from something else. The case began the very day after their walk under the stars, which had seemed to John like a beginning. Of something.
“Humans can make anything romantic, apparently,” I replied, not looking up from my close examination of his now-relaxed penis.
Since the morning he had kissed my fingers, things had settled a bit between us. He touched me more, easily, off-handedly and I had tried to reciprocate, although such things do not come easily to me. For him, however, I wanted to try.
I swallowed some whisky and then performed the familiar [and possibly comforting] ritual of lighting my best pipe. It was such a quiet night that the sound of the Bryant and May strike anywhere match being struck seemed loud in the room. Snow outside was muffling whatever middle of the night passing traffic there might be on Baker Street. Everyone else in the household was lost to Morpheus, it seemed. Even Watson, whom I knew from long co-habitation, to often be a restless sleeper, was silent on this night. No thrashing or moans emanated from my bedroom.
To prevent unpleasantness, I stepped in. “Holmes is quite sure on this,” I said sternly. “History would seem to indicate that you should listen to him.”
Holmes flickered a glance at me. “Of course, I’m cold. But I do not let such insignificant details distract me from my purpose.”
I have done some courageous things in my lifetime and it would be a false modesty to say otherwise. But without a doubt, the bravest thing I have ever done was to stand, take those few steps separating us, and bend just enough so that my lips could reach his.
And it was then I realised that I did not want to wait until the next day to give him the gift that was waiting in the drawer with my linens. I set aside my glass and pipe and stood. Holmes raised a questioning brow at me. “I won’t be a moment,” was all I said, before leaving the room.
Then he realised that his last thoughts should probably have been more...important. Something about Sherlock. Except that thought hurt, almost more than the dying.
John just smiled. “Never you mind. Good luck with the foreskins.” He planted a kiss on Sherlock’s frown and went to get dressed.
To this day, I have no idea for how long I trudged through that dreadful night. Time meant nothing. The increasing heaviness of my legs meant nothing. The tingling in my feet and fingers meant nothing.
I smiled at my toes in the water. The heat and the faint scent of lavender were relaxing my tensed muscles. And, damned our landlady’s words, it was improving my mood.
I stared at Sherlock, who had finished his sandwich and was making another. He would not be interested in eating again for three days. “You had to do that, did you?”
It was his Talking with Mycroft voice, although the fact that Sherlock had actually placed the call was unusual. I should gone for my milk, but instead I just stood there, silent and curious.
He reached beneath the bar and pulled out a small lantern. “Then at least use this, sir. Go to the top of the road and make a turn leftwards.”
No doubt it was merely one of my typical fancies that, on this occasion, the usual solemn tone seemed somehow celebratory. I tucked the thought away, perhaps to be shared with Holmes at some appropriate moment.
It must be said, however, that seeing the once powerful and indomitable Mycroft Holmes laid so low, facing the inevitable, was sobering indeed.
John was so aggravated by the conversation that he had forgotten to put a tea bag into his cup, so when he turned back to the counter, ready to add milk, all the cup held was plain water. He swore under his breath and started all over again.
Before I could form a response, the glow of an approaching lantern appeared and a large man in a hooded cloak could be seen making his way towards the mausoleum we were watching.
Oh, yes, he is the most brilliant of men, with an analytical mind that is unmatched in our age and I would be the first to say so. Well, perhaps the second, as my friend does not suffer from false modesty. However, as his chronicler, I must be honest enough to mention his flaws as well. [I do acknowledge that some secrets exist in the Strand tales, but only those of dire necessity.] Revealing the fact that even the great Sherlock Holmes is sometimes a magnificent fool is what my agent Doyle would term ‘humanizing him.’
Whilst I worked to keep the villains alive, Holmes went to the barn and hitched one of the horses to the small cart there. I joined him finally, bringing with me several warm blankets. Once we were in the cart, Holmes slumped against me, his head resting on my shoulder as I wrapped us both up snugly and we set off.
There was no time to bargain, so he just paid the asking price and waited impatiently as the voluble Frenchman carefully wrapped the painting.
Their first Christmas lunch at Simpson’s went well. Sherlock rattled on about mummies and flint knives and how he wished to do a ‘forensic exam’ on the mummy of Artemidorus the Younger. “I doubt the museum would approve,” Mycroft said, hiding a smile.
“Unhappily, Grand-mere unexpectedly passed away on Christmas Eve and Sherlock was on his own, with just the housekeeper, until we could all get there.” Mycroft paused for a moment, then shook his head. “It did affect him. Perhaps his childhood ended that night.” The moment of uncharacteristic empathy passed quickly and Mycroft shrugged. “Until, of course, he decided to revert again and became the man-child we all know.”
[It is a bad habit to wander down such discursive paths. That I was doing so now was an indication of the tumult ruling my brain.]
Mummy took pity on me and patted my hand. “My mother,” she explained. “For many years we always spent Christmas at her chalet in France. Happy memories.”
They went directly to the second floor. Mycroft let Sherlock take the lead as they wandered the galleries for three hours. Finally, Mycroft pulled him away, afraid they would be late for their lunch reservation. “I did bring a tie for you,” he said as they reached the kerb.
“It is rather a shame that no one will ever know it was Wilkins the jewel  thief who brought down the famous Sherlock Holmes. How ignominious for the great detective.”
“Shall we go to the Langham, then?” I suggested. We had wired ahead to reserve a suite. “Have supper and a quiet evening? We can visit him again tomorrow.”
Sherlock glanced at his watch and saw that he still had about two hours before he needed to arrive for his flight home. He had already checked out of the hotel and had his bag sent ahead to the British Airways lounge at deGaulle Airport. So...just enough time to pop into a shop or two. Whatever was still open in the late afternoon of Christmas Eve, at least.
might be the most accurate word. Especially when his creature comforts are not catered to sufficiently. A bit tiresome, truth be told. Yes, it was cold in the alley and there was a wet snow starting to fall, but there was also a cleverly murdered corpse on view, so who had time to moan about cold feet?
The small [no more than about 28 by 35cm] oil painting was in a simple, clearly antique wooden frame. Sherlock stepped closer for better look at the image. The fair-haired man on the canvas was wearing the lobster red coat of the British army. It, as well as the previously white shirt and black trousers, was filthy and blood-stained. His face was also streaked with blood that had been smeared by sweat, but his eyes stared forward without evasion or guile. It was a gaze that Sherlock recognised. The soldier wore a canvas satchel draped across his chest and carried a pistol in one hand.
Cheerful people can be quite annoying sometimes, but I said nothing, because Mrs Hudson was a treasure; women like her were the backbone of the Empire. And she did make a nice sandwich. I ate the second one and finished the tea, but there was still no sign of Watson.
“Yes, as a matter of fact, I do have something to say. But first, I want you to know that I am only telling you this because you would soon sniff it out anyway and it is
We kissed. For a very long time we kissed. Already his mouth had become a familiar haven and it seemed I was only willing to pull back when breathing became necessary.
When we had both exhausted what we could see on the unfortunate man’s corpse, we moved over to Lestrade and let the lab folks take our place.
She took the ring from him and examined it. “Do you think this is the right gift for the world’s most impossible man?”
He smiled at me, looking for a moment like a lad who has been given the greatest Christmas gift ever.
Mycroft was home from Eton for the Christmas break and she insisted on telling him, more than once, how much Sherlock had missed him. Needless to say, Mycroft was skeptical about that, but he wanted Mummy to be proud of him, so he actually agreed to spend a day with his little brother.
All that being said, I was less than delighted to find myself huddled in Highgate Cemetery on a cold December night, rather than being tucked up in our rooms with a fire, a whiskey, and the both of us wrapped in our warmest dressing gowns. Such evenings were always a particular favourite of mine. Perhaps Holmes might relate to me one of his cases from before we met. Or I could tell him of my adventures in Afghanistan, which always interested him.
Spending hours sat on a cold wooden bench, beneath the kindly gaze of a stone angel  that stood watch over the grave of one William Louis Hale, B1800 and D1841, was not especially delightful.
Somehow we both shifted just enough that our bodies pressed together. Shoulders. Hips. Thighs. I thought we fit together quite well. Apparently, proximity served to loosen my tongue, because I said as much aloud.
It was some hours later before we found ourselves tucked up in our warm bed on Baker Street. The admirable Mrs Hudson had prepared hot tea, cold beef sandwiches and thick slices of her special Christmas fruitcake. We ate and drank as a just reward for our labours, finishing the night with some excellent whiskey. We toasted one another, Mrs Hudson’s most excellent fruitcake and, for some reason, the Queen.
It was no real surprise when Father Christmas showed up. In one hand, he held a whisky bottle and in the other, a string of lights. “You and that tall bastard shoulda minded your own business,” he growled.
“Ha. I am merely unsociable, whilst he is the most unconvivial man in London. But if I do not turn up occasionally, he will only go and complain to Mummy.” Watson only smiled at me knowingly. I scowled.
But at dawn, Lestrade had called, yammering about a body at the Royal Pavillon in Brighton and they were off.
? I never agreed to anything like that.” Indignation prickled from his every pore. He was so agitated that he ate all the scrambled eggs on his plate without noticing.
John was tempted to respond like a B-movie character. And then, figuring what the hell did he have to lose at this point, he did just that. “Murder
I stood up and headed for my room to change my shirt. “Only that it’s not happening,” I replied over my shoulder.
“Sorry I missed you, Harry. Just calling to let you know that Sherlock and I are shacking up. ‘Bye.”
Something about her reminded John of his Nana and he smiled back at her with equal warmth. “Oh, how I wish you could,” he said lightly. “I am trying to find a gift for the world’s most impossible man.”
Which was true. In fact, I felt certain that if possible, Bailey would cut out his own heart and offer it up.
that? Probably not, if he were being honest.  John knew the man he loved very well and in some ways it was reassuring that Sherlock remained as mercurial and ridiculous as ever.
It was not the Christmas Eve we had planned, but our life had been filled with the unexpected, so we just carried on.
Although that was the last thing on my mind as I sat in the pub room of the Green Man Inn just a few days before Christmas. Devon was not at all where I had intended to be this evening. Instead of lingering uneasily over a pint of the local ale in a pub not far from Exeter, I was supposed to be marking the festive season by indulging in some fine whisky and raucous fun at a London gathering of friends from my old regiment.
I made another circle around the body that was partially covered by dreadful wrapping paper portraying dancing elves. Maybe that explained John’s bad mood, being reminded of his own recent turn in striped stockings and a hat with bells. The memory made me smile.
They had not seen one another since a most unpleasant lunch less than a week after Sherlock’s return.
“It was Mycroft’s idea, of course,” Sherlock said, reading my mind as usual. He was standing in front of the mirror, doing whatever it was he did to make his hair look so...Sherlockian. I was already dressed in my best suit, leaning against the door to watch him do it. I had on a tie. He did not. “My brother looks for any opportunity to play the gourmand. Mummy indulges him and our father will order a steak and potatoes no matter where Mycroft drags us all.”
He waited until my gaze met his. “Because I am the man who has Dr John Hamish Watson as his own personal guardian angel.” He touched my cheek with exquisite tenderness.  “My dangerous angel.”
I knelt in front of Holmes to release him from the ropes binding him to the chair. “I am furious with you,” I said. “Quite, quite furious.”
But the fact that I relaxed after breakfast [because I worked to justify his loose lips by agreeing that it was probably a good idea that the woman who was in and out of our place all the time knew] marks me as an idiot indeed. But relax I did.
In the event, Lestrade only wanted him to come in and complete some paperwork, so that evening we were dressing for the family meal at Dinner by Heston as planned. Not the sort of place where we usually ate. Or
John whistled along with the too-loud music, as he manoeuvred his way through the ridiculous crowd,  in search of toffee pudding for Sherlock.
Admittedly, Mycroft himself had also often been bored at Eton, mostly by the dullness of the other pupils, but he managed to find ways to compensate. Not Sherlock, it seemed. Unless...  “Did you really blow-up the chemistry lab?” Mycroft asked.
“Mistletoe is not that poisonous,” John pointed out, making his first actual contribution to the case.
I sighed and looked again. “Poisoned, I think,” was my judgement after sniffing the mouth and smelling almonds. “Nice to see the classics still being practiced,” I said and he smirked. Sometimes I wonder when my reactions began to reflect his.
Skipping my nether parts for the moment, I washed my arms and chest, whilst my treacherous brain wandered about the subject of one John Watson. And his body.
The imported chocolates that the man would eat when nothing else was allowed to interfere with the idiot’s brain work.
He flipped open his notebook. “According to the ID on the body, he is Daniel Goode. Lives—lived—in Canada Water. Business card says he worked as an events planner.”
Before the meal was even finished, that dolt Lestrade turned up with a problem he could not solve. Unsurprisingly, as such helplessness was his usual state. Only today had we finally resolved the case of the missing parrot. Which seems frivolous, until one knows that the parrot had swallowed a precious gem and that his owner had been brutally slain by the thief.
I noticed a group of carollers strolling along the pavement, but I could only faintly hear their singing. The rum I was drinking served to settle my nerves a bit, whenever I thought of the gift, the ring, that lay buried in my underwear drawer. Since the day I’d bought it, the damned thing had increased in significance in ways I did not truly understand. It was no longer just a Christmas gift; somehow it had become a promise.
There were a few moments of nerves, when pistols appeared and then the whole episode dissolved into a foot race around the just-opening market at Covent Garden. We dodged costermongers, drunk Irish basket-women, prostitutes peddling a few sad flowers to cover their true profession. Our chase barely attracted any attention from the hard-bitten market regulars and finally Holmes managed to tackle the murderer just by the Sundial Pillar in Seven Dials.
The case held the possibility of being an eight. At least according to Lestrade. I am withholding judgment.
Lestrade opened his mouth to ask one of his boring questions about how I knew that or ‘what brother?’, but I was not interested in spending any more time here. John was too miserable.
Sherlock made a gesture as if waving off an annoying insect. “Nothing was blown up. At the worst, it was a very minor fire.”
Weariness and frost-nip had put me in a foul mood and I chastised myself for revealing my ill temper. We were not, after all, stood on the icy pavement for some frivolous reason, but in an attempt to apprehend a vile murderer.
“Ah, well, humans like to categorise things. To label them. It makes them feel safe. Male and female they can understand. So, a male angel serves when the need is for a sword of righteousness and a female one suits when the soul needs solace.”
I looked for a moment longer at the two men still inside. Wilkins walked to the chair and used an almost gentle hand to smooth Holmes’ hair back from his face. Again, I reverted to the primitive and longed to punish the usurper.
Apparently, the host decided that he must return to his guests. Mycroft nodded at me and turned to leave the alcove. Then he paused. “I am pleased for you, brother mine,” he said quietly.
It was the matter of only a few minutes for us to bid my brother a farewell and a happy Christmas and for the butler to fetch the carriage.
After all this time, he should have known immediately that I meant the case, but John Watson still has a rather touching belief in the idea that I contain a better nature buried deep inside the dubious character the world sees. Which is doubtful. At any rate, whatever good might possibly exist within me is due only to the fact that John is in my life. He keeps me right. The world, however, does not need to know that. I hope he does.
I was not unaware that my mind was busying itself with such insignificant thoughts to keep myself from thinking of Holmes and what danger he might be facing. Alone, damn the man. Never again would I allow him to go dashing off into the unknown without myself and my trusty gun at his side. A dark thought wriggled its way in to my mind.
I wrote down the addresses that Lestrade gave me, he warned Sherlock not to get out over his skis, and we started to leave. Then Sherlock paused. “By the way, John and I have started a romantic relationship. Although we are not yet having wild sex.” Then he stalked off to wave down a cab.
It was very late by the time Sherlock walked wearily into Baker Street. The flat was dark and quiet, so he merely set the wrapped painting under the tiny tree and went into the bathroom to peel off the travel-weary suit and don a tee shirt, just staying in his  boxers.
Watson paused and looked at me. “Then why do you accept his invitations? Which, by the way, are as rare as the proverbial hen’s teeth, since your brother is no more sociable than you.”
I managed to escape my brother’s attention for a good portion of the evening, through both luck and cunning. Watson had overcome his earlier bout of nerves and was being an annoyingly social butterfly, flitting from one conversation to another. When the hired musicians began to play, Watson was a good sport, waltzing several eager young ladies around the room.
John had clearly fallen asleep while reading one of his dreadful mystery paperbacks; the book was resting on his stomach. Sherlock plucked it off and set it aside, before slipping into bed beside him. John mumbled something and moved closer so that they were in contact along the length of their bodies.
There was only a short pause before Mycroft heard the lift approaching; the doorman had been prepared in advance to admit the unsuitable guest immediately.
He dressed with even more particular care than usual, although he would have denied that fact with his last breath. “You could come along, you know,” he said, still trying to decide whether or not to open the second button on his dark forest green Grieves and Hawkes shirt. He looked up to watch John’s reflection in the mirror.
They finally did get to the airport unharmed. Sherlock jumped out at Terminal 2E and raced for the British Air First Class desk. When he arrived, chaos ruled. Disgruntled passengers milled about, harried airline employees tried to placate and Sherlock Holmes was far from pleased.
Holmes agreed with my plan, so we told the Sister about our departure and she promised to send word to the Langham if there were any sudden change in Mycroft’s condition.
about the mouldering pancreas, which had leaked out of its plastic wrap and contaminated the bacon which John had been looking forward to having with his breakfast. As he shovelled in his eggs and toast [but no bacon!] the  argument degenerated somehow into the history of anti-scientific bias and the idiots who perpetrated it.
Mrs Hudson was already abed, but the ever-eager Billy offered his assistance. We assured him that there was nothing he needed to do and then climbed the stairs to our rooms. Still standing by the now-closed and locked door, we dispatched our overcoats and formal attire. Even our shoes and stockings were left on the pile.
“Did you know that the translation of ‘mistletoe’ is ‘dung on a twig’?” I responded, rather than sharing the image of John the Elf.
Meanwhile, bloody Sherlock Holmes was, indeed, larking about dressed in a security guard uniform, looking cool, and having the nerve to smirk at John occasionally.
There was some mild fussing with dressing gowns and a lamp to be extinguished, but soon the room was dark and we were settled down side by side. Then Watson turned his back to me and I moved to embrace him. It seemed quite natural.
I think we both felt a pang of missing our quiet village. Oh, most certainly, we were no longer those dare-devilling young men who met in the bowels of St Bartholomew’s and craved adventure. Now we could be wistful for quiet lanes and silence in which to contemplate. And the solitude in which to touch one another.
Just the fact that he asked the question made Sherlock visibly relax a bit, no doubt assuming that by showing an interest John had as good as agreed to the plan. John wanted to say that his assumption was wrong, but couldn’t quite bring himself to do so. He tried to avoid hypocrisy whenever possible.
Sherlock  had clearly made an effort. The button-down shirt was clean, although badly wrinkled, and the denim trousers seemed free of obvious stains. His long hair was still a bit damp, so recently washed.
The elderly lady sitting on a high stool behind the counter looked up from her book with a warm smile. “Good afternoon,” she said. “May I help you?”
Now, John stopped and looked in the window of an almost hidden little shop he’d never noticed before. There were shelves crammed with second-hand books and also a small area of what looked like antiques. Or junk. Still, desperation was a vicious motivator, so he pushed open the door, setting a tiny bell ringing.
It was not until the pudding [Sherlock and I shared the Tipsy Cake and his parents the British cheese tray, while Mycroft had something called Sambocade] that the conversation took on a more personal tone. It was when Mycroft lifted his brandy in a toast. “As usual, to dear Grand-mere, in memory of so many happy Christmas Eves.”
It occurred to me that perhaps all of Sherlock’s talk about the wild sex we were not having was creating a certain amount of...tension. There were probably a couple of ways that tension could be alleviated, but all I really had the energy for at the moment was to go get a glass of milk.
Finally, Mycroft purchased a lemonade and an iced bun for the boy, knowing that the sugar was a mistake, but needing to shut him up.
He sighed, swallowed the last of the tea and carefully folded the Times. “Well, you’ll have to give me time to get dressed.” His gaze turned towards the window. “Looks cold out there.”
at him. Nothing wonderful and important, like the ring that was on his finger right now, his gift from John last Christmas Eve.
Holmes was changing from his usual suit into what I called his Burglar Attire. Black polo neck, rough-cut black trousers, a worn black coat. “I will probably return before the ground is even covered,” he said in a tone no doubt meant to reassure me.
Even Lestrade, not especially noted for his perspicacity, noticed John’s disgruntled expression and made a passing comment. “You are frowning like old Scrooge himself,” he said when John had stomped his feet yet again, while muttering something inaudible.
The sound of the creeping train had finally died, the whistle at the end resonating with me like a sigh of grief.
“I suggest,” Watson said slowly, “that since neither of us finds words on the subject to come easily, we might not speak for now.”
A few moments passed and we stayed there as I held him. Finally, I gave him a slight push towards the sofa. “Sit,” I ordered. “I will be right back.”
It was several moments before he spoke again. “I do not know how you will manage it, John, but to spend eternity with you is my fondest wish.”
But every rollercoaster descended as well. That was the time when it seemed as if everything were out of control and all you could do was hang on, hoping not to go flying out arse over heels. Hope not to hit the ground.
The clear implication was that only a lesser mind would be bothered by something as insignificant as one’s toes dropping off. I glared at him.
Sherlock paused to swallow some of his tea and, briefly, his face showed the expression he still had whenever John made him a cuppa. John could not name the emotion, but he saw it every time.
Especially, it seemed, those associated with the holidays and perhaps that was why John Watson found himself walking into the Marks and Spencer near Marble Arch. His mother had always gone to this very M&S for Christmas shopping and so John naturally headed there for the same purpose.
There was a pause with some background noise that Sherlock identified as John doing something in the kitchen. “You cooking?”
That sounded good, but I paused, sipping my drink. Mrs Hudson really did have a heavy hand with the rum. “Is it really ‘splashing out’ when he won’t charge you?”
When I carried the tray into the bedroom, Holmes was sitting up in the bed, propped in place by the pillows. I paused just inside the door, as ever struck by the sight of his unique beauty, which age has only refined. His curls were no less lush, although now touched with silver and at the moment tousled from sleep; his eyes were still so filled with lively curiosity and burning intelligence. I never tire of the image.
Sherlock had fallen asleep soon after they made love and was now snoring lightly. John pulled the blanket up over his bare chest, placed a feather-light kiss on his cheek and slipped from the bed.
“Hmm,” was Sherlock’s reply as he stepped closer to the body. “John,” he said after a hasty but no doubt exacting study. “Your thoughts?”
“I hate him, too. But not as much as you.” John finished cleaning his shoes, washed his hands, and turned to glare at Sherlock. “Do you think he’s an elf killer?”
The boy from the village post office stood there, a telegram in his hand. “Sorry to be so early, Doctor Watson,” he said. “But it were marked urgent.”
The ascent was making love for much of the night, still learning to touch and be touched, still learning to trust and be trusted in such intimacy, before falling asleep wrapped together.
When I returned my gaze to the dance floor, I saw Watson making his way towards me. His face was bright with the exercise and the bourbon. He stopped just a bit too close to me for propriety. I handed him my glass so he could empty it. “Have we satisfied the obligatory social conventions?” he asked me softly, his eyes resting on my lips.
The spirit of the holiday continued as Sherlock helped me clean up and then even offered to make the tea. Despite the meal we’d just eaten, we still managed to nibble some biscuits and make half-hearted snarky comments about the film. I had never been happier in my life and that was what made me decide that now was the moment. But before I could get to my feet and go to fetch the gift, Sherlock stood. He picked up the violin and went to stand by the window.
As I walked back to where Sherlock was waiting for me, it almost seemed as if I could still hear the last few notes of my song lingering in the air.
I was not sure that I even believed in destiny, but I merely hummed in response. A sudden impulse took me and I bent my head to nuzzle a bit at his neck. His scent, with which I was quite familiar, was more concentrated here. Tea and soap and wool. A bit of the Rowlands’ Kolydor he liked to splash on after a shave. And a whisper of the Macassar Oil he used sparingly on his hair. An olfactory catalogue of John Watson.
The rest of the Christmas shopping could wait, because just now he wanted to be back in 221B with Sherlock. Even if it meant another lecture on Thomas Hobbes. Whom he intended to Google on his phone in the cab going home.
My leaden legs and feet took me to the ground floor window from which the light was emerging. Despite the hour and the weather, no one had bothered to draw the drapery. Somehow, frozen and clumsy as I was, I still managed to be subtle and, using a convenient snow-covered bush, positioned myself so that I could see into the room and yet remain hidden.
“Text me if you need help,” John said, aware that Father Christmas was glaring at him for holding up the line.
I had donned a clean nightshirt and my dressing gown before I heard the sound of Watson arriving home and being accosted downstairs by Mrs Hudson. No doubt tea and sandwiches were being offered and accepted. But I went into the sitting room and poured two glasses of fine port. Then I sat in my chair to await him.
We were quite alone in the train carriage, so I let my fingers gently brush against the back of his hand.
Holmes did not seem the least bothered by the cold or the darkness, which was diminished only by a pale winter moon. We could just see the entrance to the mausoleum that belonged to our client’s family. Old blood. Old money. And, as Holmes put it, all the eccentricities that so often featured in that milieu. I blamed too much inner breeding amongst the upper class.
After all, waking up tied to a chair somewhere behind a cheesy grotto might be many things, but boring was not one of them. John tried to remember what had happened. He could recall Sherlock approaching him at the front of the line to whisper that he was going to follow the photographer at the end of the day.
Instead of returning to the window, however, I slipped in through the door and followed the sound of voices to the parlor.
“My news is that John and I have embarked on a romantic relationship. If you want to inform Mummy and Daddy that is fine. But please do not comment on our sex life.” He gave Mycroft no time to comment on anything, because the glow faded, meanng he had hung up.
The other man was still sprawled amongst the tossed and tangled sheets, wearing only boxers and a tatty RMAC tee shirt. They’d had a lie-in. John grinned. “And interfere in your annual Christmas lunch with your brother? Not a chance.”
I wondered if we might actually have a conversation this evening. I was a man who had always been able to express myself most volubly on any subject. Even as a small boy, according to Mycroft. But speaking of my feelings for John Watson seems beyond me. They matter too much.
In this particular instance, the descent meant  having a massive [and absurd, really] row over breakfast. It all got so loud that Mrs Hudson even peeked in. She was wise enough to decide that discretion was the best move and so vanished again without speaking at all.
As unlikely as it sounds, he seemed to glow in the pale light of my room; his golden hair was just slightly mussed, which told me that while dallying in the hall, he had run his fingers through it nervously. Once again, I was reminded that he looked younger without the mustache he’d had when we were first acquainted. The dressing gown he wore nicely flattered his trim and tidy frame. Looking at him, my entire being was consumed by a sense of need, of pure
John never really liked rollercoasters, although he could not resist their lure. His favourite [although rather in the way that Moby Dick was Captain Ahab’s favourite whale] was The Vampire at Chessington. He enjoyed the climb, rising 21 meters above all the ordinary things of the world, but the descent at 72 kmh was the frightening part and it was the need to conquer that fear which had kept him queuing for yet another go.
“I don’t know. Killer with a lot of holiday spirit?” Maybe all of us who deal with this kind of thing have a warped sense of humour.
After another moment, Sherlock reached out and drew me into his arms. We sat together, watching the snow fall and listening to the clarion music of the bells. At that moment, nothing  else mattered.
“But…” He gasped like a fish pulled out of water, clearly out of his depth. “But why… why didn't you say that right away? Why did you persuade me that you would like to see me with her?”
The driver assumed his perch after that, spurred the horse on and we were off to the town, moving through the streets in a snail's pace.
I stammered that we had a similar statue of Apollo at the university during my student days, but Mycroft didn’t listen to me at all. He leisurely went around me, moving silently as a cat and seated himself behind his writing desk.
When we landed near the Greenland Pier at last, I was dead tired, hungry, dirty and probably looked like a drowned dog. Sherlock – all dishevelled, wet and wild-eyed - wasn’t much better off. Still, he paid no heed to his pains and broke into an energetic walk back towards Finland Street the moment he stepped back on dry ground. Too exhausted to do anything else, I followed him docilely.
In that instant, that chaotic, surreal feeling of being thrown into a grotesque illusion resurfaced with incredible force.
Sherlock straightened and caught her by an elbow with a wild gleam in his eyes. The girl whirled over, affronted by that treatment and I too flinched at this inappropriate gesture, but before we could voice any protest, he pointed his finger at the nearly unconscious woman and barked: “Is this the housekeeper here?”
Deep sigh rose from her chest. Her voice descended into something resembling a sob and she blinked, overpowered by a sudden bout of nostalgia.
Anderson was very surprised when we entered but his face lit like the three hundred watt light-bulb at the sight of Sherlock. His hero worship kicked in with usual force and in an instant, he was all over him, eagerly asking if he could aid him in any way.
He seized his own manly pride and pressed it alongside Sherlock's, rubbing them against each other and bringing pleasure to them both. The fingers of his other hand were clenched around Sherlock's slim waist and his forehead leaned against Sherlock's heaving chest, between the open lapels of his unbuttoned shirt.
“Now, you are probably aware that fulminated mercury is highly sensitive to shock. The moment it violently impacted against the crate it exploded immediately. It was not able to do much damage on its own. However, it was powerful enough to pierce the thin plywood of the crate and to detonate its contents at once.”
What a terrible sight that was! The house which appeared so cosy and luxurious from outside looked no better than a devastated old ruin after one went past its façade. Joyless and plain wall daubed with rough greyish plaster stretched to the shadows in front of me, the court around me heavily infested with weeds. The wall of the house was entirely windowless at the ground level, but possessed the small, dirty windows leering at me at the level of the first floor. All of the windows were very shabby, with the paint flaking away from them in stripes and with rags hanging behind their glass instead of curtains. A dilapidated gallery fringed the first floor from outside, battered wooden stairs leading to it from the rich tuft of stinging nettle. An ugly bay-window, more like ghastly wooden cage than a lofty construction, hovered right above my head, its side-door presumably serving as the entrance to the flat. All in all, the building resembled the dolled up bride who lifted the snow-white veil only to reveal the ghoul-like face underneath it.
Vernet opened his mouth in shock and threw his hands up in such a grand gesture that a waitress who carried us the food flinched and a serving tray loaded with bread and olive oil practically fell on the table between us. It didn't flip over, thank God, but it was a close call.
“Well, the Dutch guy resided there, but I don’t see how it all connects with today’s events, to be honest.”
“Take it and leave us alone. I don’t care for any of your shit so I won’t raise an alarm. I will free the policeman only after you are safely away. Now go!”
The man stared at me searchingly for awhile. It was a decisive moment. If he would recognise me now, our plan would go awry in a second and I would be forced to improvise… I stood motionless, with a benign expression on my face, but my grip on the bag handles tightened a bit in barely concealed tension. I was like a taut spring, prepared to shoot up at any moment now.
And at that very moment the stomping of many feet resounded outside and subsequently, five members of gendarmerie burst into the room.
The spectacle and the tone are all the prompt John needs and he bossily lays himself on top of his lover. Sherlock, however, has different plans and he enfolds John into a tight embrace, seizes him by the arms, flips him over and descends on the doctor, firmly wrapping him in a cocoon of hot young flesh and lust.
The atmosphere in the car changed subtly when we got into it again. It was riddled with uneasy feeling even through our way here but now it seemed to be much thicker, more dangerous, as if an ominous cloud descended onto us. I didn’t like it one bit.
Only after the cab moved and we were riding through the streets shrouded in the night twilight, I asked quietly: “So he's your ideal of male perfection, huh?”
His lover stirs up at this impulse and blinks confusedly, frowning and complaining in his deep, rumbling voice: "Hey, what was that for?"
Thousands of questions were pushing against my tongue, impatient to get out. I felt hotness pulsing frantically in my chest – jealousy and the sense of betrayal. My hands itched in desire to grab Sherlock, to press him against the wall and to interrogate him thoroughly about the bizarre spectacle I just witnessed in the victim's flat. But neither the time nor the place was suitable for that.
Sherlock froze and even from the distance, I saw that his face resumed an ashen colour. My heart leapt in my chest wildly. It then begun to strike against my ribcage in painful pulses.
While we were waiting patiently, loitering about the small square bestrewn with sand which was adjacent to the prison-walls, a troop of gendarmes marched to the area from the town, escorting the familiar looking prisoner with them.
And moving stiffly as if he just recovered from a nasty shock, he gently put his hands on the elbows of the other man, inclining as if to kiss him…
The man bolts and springs right at John, but the former soldier is well prepared for that and he has the thief lying on the floor in a second with his hands twisted behind his back, doctor's knee pressed into a small of his back. Unsurprisingly, the woman's credit card and a driver's licence were already in the back pocket of the man's trousers. John returns them to the purse and releases his prisoner.
Due to his inexperience in carnal knowledge, he was aroused very quickly. John rubbed the length of his member up and down for a few times and Sherlock hardened immediately, breathing heavily and watching the proceedings with fascinated abandon. Drops of sweat glistened on his temples like little pearls. His excitement was palpable in the air too, the heavy, salty, very masculine scent permeated the atmosphere in the small room like the perfume mixed of sea and seaweed tones.
John immediately let go of Sherlock, seized him with unexpected force and turned him around without notice, pressing him against the wall. He stuck his large prick among two lush buttocks which were bared to him that way and thrust forth firmly. Sherlock cried out in alarm, as more cum escaped out of his leaking cock. John thrust into him one last time, then released the thick shot of ejaculate, filling Sherlock's backside with his share of the sticky white cream.
We collectively jumped from our seats and managed to catch her before her head hit the floor-tiles. We settled her into Vernet's seat and I checked her vitals quickly while Vernet was fanning her with the newspaper he grabbed from the nearby stand. Fortunately, she recovered in a minute and blinked at us in confusion, but she was still unable to emit a word and groaned plaintively until we handed her a glass of cold water to drink. Only after that did she wail: “Monsieur Arnaud… Monsieur Arnaud was shot dead! And the murderer…!!”
And suddenly I saw these men as they probably really were, stripped of their pretences and their masks, free from all that religious fiddle-faddle – and all I beheld were two lovers trying to excuse their dalliance by sticking it behind the shield of a bizarre cult, which lent a semblance of respectability to their connection.
As we jumped to the dry land again, I fixed my trousers back on immediately. Meanwhile, Sherlock sidled up to the permanently wet brickwork of the riverbank and carefully peeked over it.
So I just decided to persevere. I continued to appear in Sherlock’s room and showered him with affection. I hoped that in time he will deduce the true nature of my feelings from these acts.
An illustration of Hyacinthus in the bulky tome. Young boy’s body thrown into the dust, the stream of blood rolling down his skull and being thirstily sucked by the scorched earth underneath him.
I frowned darkly at this insinuation. But Sherlock wasn’t offended, he merely shook his bandaged head: “No, I was completely mislead by their demand and fully believed that the crutch was the hiding-place for the stones. It was too late, only a little while before an explosion at the docks, that I realised my mistake and discerned where De Vries really placed them.”
“Do you know who that is?” Lestrade, not sure what exactly are we doing here and unwilling to join a human dynamo currently prancing about a warehouse, appeared by my side.
”And what should we do with that?” He asks, pointing towards the armchair standing in the corner of the room.
Sherlock practically jumped at me, driving me back into a corner as he leaned out of the window at my side and called at the youngster: “Hey, garçon! Tell me, is Rosalie in?”
With my head spinning from all that Daily Mail rubbish, I turned quizzically to Sherlock again, only to find him missing. He stood with his back turned to me, partly hidden in the shadow of the trees of Jubilee Garden and smoked a cigarette without an undue interruption now, lost deep in thought.
“Nice to meet you, monsieur.” I managed to conjure the wide smile somehow, although my teeth were almost bursting under strain, they were set that hard. “I see that you already know Mr. Holmes. Let me introduce myself then. Doctor John H. Watson, at your service.”
Sherlock squirmed impatiently and avoiding my eyes, tried to speak around the subject: “Just consider, John. You can sneak up to Greg and help him to break free while I’ll be dealing with these people inside. It’s much more rational that way...”
“Yes, she was the one who took away the weapon. Some old, unused chimney must be located behind the heating stove in Arnaud's drawing room, with a hole cut into it at the level of the floor, entirely masked by the body of the stove standing in front of it. Arnaud probably fastened a cord to a revolver and as he hid the revolver under the stove, he pushed the end of the cord into the hole in the chimney, so that it reached the ground level. I bet the chimney still has its wicket there, so the cord was practically invisible to the prying eyes of the uninitiated.
His resolve hardened some more. He nodded determinedly and skilfully escaped the confines of the room.
The officer nodded in the bout of obeisance, still, he raised a careful objection right away: “Monsieur Holmes, I would still be forced to take this gentleman, Authié, to the station. He must be questioned on the matter as soon as possible.”
„Really?” My eyebrows flew up to my hairline. “And how did you deduce that? Don't you want to enlighten me on that?”
But suddenly it rustled inside and in the next moment, bracket lamps illuminated the whole interior.
Unwilling to be left out of the case, I hurried to them and got behind their backs right on time to hear the DI say: “Nothing more can be done here, I’m afraid. Let’s wrap it. Come on, I’ll give you and John a lift home.”
I immediately lifted my hands, placing one palm onto his sharp cheekbone, the other on his lips sprouting such nonsense. Sharp needles of tears prickled me under my lids but I managed to give him the crooked, watery smile anyway.
Then, without any further ado, he flipped open some report and tore into me. He told me that Sherlock had been observed near a notorious drug-den in Southall and accused me what a lousy job I do, taking care of him. I switched to the battle-mode immediately and replied sarcastically. And so the issue concerning this sculpture was forgotten momentarily.
“Sherlock.” I managed to get out despite the fact that every bit of moisture disappeared out of my mouth unexpectedly, leaving it as dry as sandpaper. “When we’ll be inside… be careful, OK?”
I joined him there and whispered: “What now? Do we alert the police that these guys are hiding here?”
He then sprang back into the drawing room restlessly and surveyed the unpleasant scene of the massacre once more, ogling the corpse and the surrounding mess with hungry interest.
His profile, sharper and more defined in the twilight, gave him his usual self-possessed and unemotional look. Yet the wild gleam in his pale eyes betrayed the hunting instinct of the bloodhound pulsing powerfully through his body. Even his garments reflected his change into a hunter chasing a game now, his favourite frock-coat and top-hat being replaced by a deerstalker cap and the Ulster coat. Observing him in his element, I almost became flustered, for something in his aggressive vigour made him irresistible in my eyes. He looked like Mars personified.
”Not enough data yet,” replies Sherlock and closes his eyes, scratching the nape of his neck absentmindedly. “Still, I cannot congratulate you on the choice of your partner, John. He is irresponsible and obstinate and will inadvertently draw you into danger.”
Ella’s advice on my inner crises turned out to be useful after a while and this kind of self-hypnosis calmed me down a bit. Feeling a year older, I wiped out cold sweat from my forehead and blinked against an unchanged, passive, oblivious sunlight as if I was waking up from a short unpleasant dream. I carefully looked around.
The old lady nodded slowly: “Oh, he was an absolute angel, sir. A devout Jesuit and a man full of Christian virtue, as you have said. I was his acquaintance from the moment I first came into Béziers thirty years ago, because he served as an aide for the church I used to attend for many years. He was such a great support for the poor of our town while he was still active! Especially children from destitute families and the orphans have much to thank him for, because he frequently organised charities for them and helped them to find some decent work. Not only Rosalie and Marie, but also many others will miss him so…”
Seething in rage, I grabbed two brutally heavy coffers into my hands and followed the dastardly pair out of the station. Their heads were already together and they were chattering in that peculiar Occitan dialect which was utterly incomprehensible to me. They effectively cut me off from joining the conversation that way. Beasts!
“No, don't!” Sherlock's voice rang behind me, unusually raw and exasperated. I never heard such tone from him before. It stopped me in my tracks and I turned to him with quizzical expression on my face.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders: “What I will say now is only a hypothesis, but I bet it won’t be far from the truth. In my opinion, De Vries refused to hand over the diamonds for some reason and was hiding from his former accomplices. He only agreed to meet one of them on a neutral ground and so they sent the oldest one, Murray, to negotiate with him and chose the private cubicle of the Eye as their meeting place. In theory, it should be the safest place possible, for it offered an absolute privacy there in the air and yet provided the clear view inside which theoretically prevented either of the men to turn violent.”
He turned to me sharply, his gaze meeting mine for the first time since our visit in Authié's flat: “Don't call him a pervert! What he did was not proper, I admit, but he didn't abuse me. I had my say in the matter and I allowed it to proceed. Julian taught me many things about my body and I learnt much about myself while we were together. I later split up with him, but I don't think the experience harmed me in any way.”
The man jumps out as if his knickers were on fire and is out of the door as quickly as a breeze. John washes his hands in a sink and returns upstairs to his table, taking his place once again.
For a first few seconds, no response was coming. Only our own breath, so loud in the complete stillness around us, disturbed the cold night air.
“She did, in fact. Mycroft's first name is Vivien – after La Chevalerie Vivien and Aliscans respectively.”
My curiosity reached its peak with that bold claim. Yet at that moment our cab stopped abruptly and I glimpsed the familiar façade of the bistro out of its window. The young man dressed in the leather apron worked in front of the shop, unloading the crates full of meat from his cart parked by the house-gate.
Sherlock squeezed my hand in a vice grip. Despite his outward façade of absolute stoicism, he couldn't fool me. He was shell-shocked there, under the hard kernel of apathy.
I felt as if somebody threw a pitcher full of ice-cold water right into my face. I never expected that somebody could touch Sherlock like that in my presence and I was stunned by the realisation that this person just performed the unimaginable.
Carrying the thyrsus over his shoulder, Sherlock then headed to the Lestrade’s car parked in the vicinity. He put the metal thing into it and took perch in the passenger’s seat, clearly expecting me to drive. I slipped behind the wheel and looked at him in expectation.
Still, he was saved from further awkwardness by Sherlock who went past him carrying himself like royalty, his back ramrod-straight and approached the temperamental officer with his self-possession back in place. En-route, he produced a visit-card out of his vest-pocket and as he was handing it to the policeman, he coldly introduced himself: “My name is Sherlock Holmes, the consulting detective and I am currently in your country on the invitation of your government. I arrived into Béziers this evening in the company of Inspecteur Principal Justin Ganimard of La Sûreté. You can check these facts with him, he is to be found at the local Commissariat de Police at the moment.”
“Nasty weather,” remarked John when the especially strong gust hit him to the back like some spheric cudgel.
With my mouth open in surprise, I shook my head weakly. Sherlock mentioned to me, once, that his grandmother was related to some French painter, but this, this was something entirely new to me. It suddenly occurred to me how little I actually know about Sherlock and his past. It was a very humiliating realisation. To be aware that he allowed me to share his body, but he never felt confident enough, never trusted me enough, to share his innermost thoughts with me…
He bowed his head forward after this, rocking along sleepily. His hands hung limply between his knees.
I stiffened for a second. Then I was up on the stairs and I shook the metal panel of the door furiously, but it would not open or yield to my power in any other way. Frustrated, I kicked it, but even that did not move the blasted barrier which cut off our way to freedom. We were really and truly trapped.
My ear-drums nearly burst from the intensity of his scream. I wonder to this very day that the rest of the house was not immediately roused by it, thinking the roof is on fire. Shaken by the whirlwind of activity that suddenly took place in front of me, I dressed in haste, throwing clothes sloppily on my body, while Sherlock raced around like a flame, restless, wild, almost frantic with impatient energy.
“Absolutely. He was most likely poisoned. Even through the wind, the smell of almonds was quite strong around the cubicle. Hydrocyanic acid, I’d say. I would be very careful around that cubicle for a while, Gordon.”
“Oh, what a good soul he was, really!” I laughed hysterically. “The hypocritical swine! Purity, chastity, abstaining from sex… he certainly adhered to his own principles, didn't he?”
He lay on his back with lapels of his Belstaff splayed to both sides and didn’t move. At the front-part of his white shirt, a dark red blot was gradually expanding.
The head of my companion whipped round with surprising speed... and met with the imposing sight of Sherlock Holmes who inaudibly opened the compartment door in between and was now standing in front of it with his hands crossed over his chest.
These things were so raw between us because of radically changed circumstances of our relationship in the last two months. It was in the middle of spring (19-th of April to be exact) that I threw all my earlier cautions, misgivings and self-recrimination to the wind and bluntly asked Sherlock if I could spend the night in his bedroom. He was somewhat taken aback but he said yes. He even managed to finish the chemical experiment he was working at in record time of ten minutes and promptly retreated into his room with me in tow. What ensued was a fairly pleasant and enjoyable activity. Seeing Sherlock’s eager response to it I believed that I healed the rift my wretched marriage left between us and I congratulated myself for my boldness with which I managed to end this Mary fiasco without a big drama or sweat and tears.
“Well, it would be a very big coincidence if their semtex exploded spontaneously exactly in the moment when it did. And I remember now how you threw the crutch over my shoulder in that last second. I am not dumb, Sherlock. Please, tell me everything.”
I wanted to apologise and to congratulate him on successfully solved case, but he was having none of it. With his eyes averted to the side, he crumpled the cigarette in his fingers and said quietly: “John, about that moment there at the dock… when they ordered me to kill you…”
Before we managed to escape from the traitorous flood of light, I heard high-pitched squeaks, hysterical laughter and the clicks from at least two hundred cameras thundering above me.
The corners of Sherlock's mouth twitched. He scratched his cheek covered with a light stubble absentmindedly and shrugged his shoulders afterwards, the cunning twinkle dancing in his eyes.
“Why do you call Holmes “Guillaume”?” I once interrupted him, remembering how he addressed Sherlock by some long form of English name when we met earlier this evening.
Nothing indicated what would happen today. The day was very hot and the azure sky above Thames so clear and deep, it dwarfed even the high white arc of the London Eye into humbleness. Those blue depths invoked the sense of pleasant vertigo, while the waves of the river glistened invitingly, resembling the polished surface of some strange metal.
I felt staggered too: “Jesus! To commit murder at such a place, then to poison yourself! And in such a gruesome manner! That’s so crackers! Why would anyone wish to do that?”
Glimpsing this unexpected sight, it started to dawn on me what Sherlock had in mind and I scanned the area of the embankment hungrily. The pier itself didn’t seem to be in use presently, for its mooring-bollards stood empty. But next to it, right by the small maintenance barrack, the safety metal fence gaped open and thus kept clear the way to the small staircase which led into the waves of the Thames. Blue, aerodynamically shaped jetboat rocked on the water where stairs met the water-level.
“Wait, wait, stop it!” Sherlock interrupted him right away. “Your gratitude should only belong to Doctor Watson. It was he who managed to replace Lupin's bag during that mayhem... I contributed very little to that.”
“You know full well this is not the issue!” I retorted, barely restraining myself from screaming. “Your religious experiments do not interest me the least! But I can't stand the thought you played bottom to that creep out there!”
My fears proved to be justified – as soon as we drove forward riding a jetboat, the water ejected from under the hull of our vessel drenched our trousers and backs so thoroughly that not a dry thread remained on us.
Sherlock's inclined his head, put his mouth near John's ear and breathed few low, throaty words into it: “You are a tease, do you know that?”
Occasional flashes of cameras and non-stop dim of whispering voices finally ceased and the crowd slowly dispersed. Only one or two individuals approached DI to ask him further questions.
“Yes, no problem.” Anderson, clearly worried, handed both requested items to Sherlock and moved back a bit, keeping a vigil over him while he was writing.
What I held for a tiny, harmless light in the sky a moment ago swished down with an unexpected speed and smashed into the concrete few feet from us with ear-piercing ringing. An oblong, slender metallic object – a crutch with an open cuff. The force of an impact sprang it back into the air and the blasted thing bounced along the promenade wall as if it was endowed with a life of its own, leaving scratches and dents on the spot where it fell. Where I stood a few seconds ago, actually. If Sherlock didn’t tear me to the side…
The blast came without warning. It was so powerful, it literally lifted me up and threw me against the counter in such a manner that I managed to break down the rusty rail running around its perimeter. Falling down to the ground unceremoniously like a rotten apple, I shrieked out in surprise and pain and abruptly opened my eyes once more.
We found the underground studio in the same state we have left it – even the lamp over the entrance was still dully lit as if nothing had happened here in between.
The man with whom Murray occupied the private cubicle was identified as Thijs De Vries, a Dutch national permanently residing in Ipswich, Suffolk. Similarly to Murray, De Vries, forty-eight years old, was an owner of the business company specialising in production and sale of the house-interior decorations, especially in antique-style plaster sculptures, busts and plaques. His enterprise had two British affiliated branches, one in Ipswich and the second one in Rotherhithe, London, with the main office residing in Amsterdam.
Sherlock, sitting on the edge of the bed and lacing up his boots, looks over his shoulder disinterestedly and shrugs: “Room service will be here in the afternoon. They will take care of it.”
”Oh,” John wipes his mouth with a serviette, puts it down and stands up with a crooked smile. “I think I'll go to the loo for a while.”
The moment he stepped up to Sherlock, the detective threw his trousers aside with an annoyed gesture. John caught his wrists into a gentle grip and slowing down his frantic movements that way, he murmured: “Easy, easy!”
“De Vries noticed immediately that something is amiss and threw open the emergency exit to jump out of it. He kicked Murray’s body together with the now useless crutch out to see how it fares. But when it ended on the edge of the embankment instead of in the Thames, he lost the nerve to follow it. Or maybe he was already too weak and near collapse. Either way, he died there within a hand’s distance from freedom. Very nasty death, no doubt.”
“What are you up to?” I addressed him with a forcedly cheerful smile in a lame attempt to make him speak. “Doing your research of something?”
Sherlock, looking languid, with well-relaxed limbs, smirked and remarked with interest: “That was my only spare, you know? How should I go outside now?”
Like Niobe and Marsyas. They dealt with their god too arrogantly – and it was their hubris that killed them, just like it would kill me in a little while. And I would deserve every bit of it, since he pointedly asked me not to come – and I did not listen.
Because the old guy focused his short-sighted eyes on Sherlock carefully and hesitating for a while, he finally bowed to him and started to declaim in a raspy voice: “En aisso sabem quar en lui estam et el e nos quar del seu Esperit dec a nos. Quar esz fil de Deu, Deus trames l'esperit del seu Fil el vostre cor.”
And so he gave up his villa in the centre of the town and moved to the poor house in a significantly less glorious district where he was not so well known. That way he could impersonate another person, a hesitating sympathiser of the Cathar movement seeking the help and the guidance of the bonhommes.
Meaty paws seized me and dragged me through the room, until I was bent over the long metal counter I noticed by my previous visit. The loud click sounded near me and in the next moment I found myself handcuffed against the rail running around the perimeter of the counter. Honouring the word given to Sherlock, I didn’t offer any resistance to this treatment.
“Marcel is a sympathiser, a credente. He acts coquettish towards Cathar beliefs, but does not take it very seriously, to be honest. Yet he is safe. He knows Julian from a very young age and he likes and respects him a lot.”
I couldn’t believe how it all came back to me at that moment. It was St. Bart’s all over again and the pale cheeks, temporal bones striped with blood and wide open glassy eyes transformed itself into the features of another familiar face… I’m ashamed to admit it, but I lost it and threw up. Doctor and a retired soldier and I was not able to do a thing, to take control, I just crouched down on all fours and trembled like a leaf, moaning quietly.
“I was thinking that the cubicle was most likely private. As is the case, in fact.” My friend retorted defiantly, crossing the arms over his chest. “And the man in question can’t pose any danger to his surroundings anymore, I’m afraid. From the looks of it, he is deceased too.”
After a minute of careful searching, John discovers him in front of the display window of some gloomy little shop. Detective is peeking inside intently and when John approaches, he turns to him with the fascinated glow dancing in his bright slanted eyes.
At last, the helicopter appeared. Resembling an elegant red dragonfly rather than a machine in the twilight, it buzzed over the Tresco heliport for a while, then descended slowly and alighted on the grass-plot next to the wooden hangar. The noise, the murmur of the giant bumble-bee, intensified for a moment. But the blades of the rotor stopped quite quickly after that and the resulting silence flooded the lawn like a high tide.
”No Sherlock, we would not buy those awful gloves made from cat's pelt. And forget that stuffed hedgehog too – I will not stand to have that cadaver on the mantelpiece!”
The tension in the room was unbearable. Two gorillas guarding Sherlock whooped in excitement a bit. Strange premonition whispered into my ear that all this proceeds too smoothly for it to be real. Ands so I was not even surprised when the pale face of the leading kidnapper turned absolutely stony after he looked into the severed grip.
In my opinion he lured Julian there under such or a similar pretext. Then, as they were discussing things inside, he handed Julian the drugged up tea and patiently observed how it slowly transformed his Cathar adversary into a catatonic, barely conscious dummy.
Their craft quickly reached the hypothetical middle of the river and headed south-east, trying to sail around the Isle of Dogs. Lestrade’s compact figure was distinctly visible in it, more so because exactly at that very moment a black-clad gorilla sitting next to Lestrade slapped him viciously. My blood boiled at the sight and I leaned forward, determinedly gluing myself to Sherlock.
John, patiently waiting behind the wooden fence, exhaled in relief. He understood Sherlock's need to care for his long absent sister… still, you could never know with Eurus. One visit of Sherrinford sufficed HIM for a lifetime, that's for sure.
“Thank you, monsieur.” I murmured politely and resumed a seat opposite him, placing my bag softly on the floor.
The only thing preventing me from enjoying the lovely view was the mouth of our companion, Vernet. It never closed during our journey and the ceaseless Guillaume-this and Guillaume-that started to wear on me, very quickly.
“Maybe he was dangerous, but he was certainly not considered a bad guy in the long run.” I protested. “Didn’t he preside over light, over music and poetry… over intellect, in fact?”
“This can’t be happening! Sherlock, I will kill you!” I hollered once again. “Did you do it on purpose?! My ass will be all over Facebook come the morning!”
“Uh?” Anderson raised his head and blinked at me blearily. I pointed at his half-drunk cup with question in my eyes.
He gave a short summary of our previous actions to the gendarme, indicating a coffee table at the end: “We touched nothing, except the middle of this door and the saucer pad. I was careful to put it back on the table into its original position for you. If you allow me to advice you something, I would preserve that cup together with its content for now and let it be analysed by an expert later. The strong herbal smell of the tisane makes it impossible to tell, but I suspect there was some potent drug administered to this drink earlier in the evening.”
Instead of an answer, Sherlock rose from the floor with a shiny leather Oxford shoe in hand. He leaned against bars as I did before him and raising his long arm, he neatly took the set of keys off their hook using the shoe like some sort of a big spoon in which the keys remained safely caught. Accomplishing this feat as if it was no big deal, he pulled his shoe-holding hand back out of the trellis and handed me his catch with only the tiniest hint of smugness apparent in the corners of his mouth.
Our trip down the river was quite trying. Waves were rough and the jetboat led by Sherlock’s inexperienced hand leaped through them awkwardly, rattling us like marionettes with every impact against the water.
Still, Sherlock didn't pay any attention to either me or his relative. He sat huddled there in the corner, slim thighs pushed against his chest, wiry arms enfolding his long shanks and he stared right ahead, frowning, lost deep in thought.
“Help! Help! Rosalie!” She moaned in the pitifully broken voice. “Give me some water, Rosalie! Monsieur Arnaud… up there… in his drawing room….”
“You don’t need to explain anything, I know you never seriously intended to hurt me.” I announced with unshakable conviction. “I was a bit confused there at the dock, I admit. But once I got to think about it with clear head again, it all became evident to me. So don’t worry about that. You should rather tell me how you managed to detonate semtex in that Silvertown hole.”
The rock of the size of Gibraltar fell from my heart when the sliding doors to Greg’s division opened slowly and revealed Philip Anderson sitting lonely inside the bureau.
And from it, like an elegant long arm, a sleek construction of the roofed boardwalk stretched into the river. A structure I have completely forgotten about: Greenland Pier.
As we entered, we found that little place to be empty. Vernet stood by the counter and rang at the service impatiently, but it took quite a while till the young waitress appeared from the adjoining room. She was that healthy, rustic type with endearingly round face, reddish cheeks and the blonde hair worn in a loose bun. She stared at us in somewhat breathless manner, her eyes dark and wide and she wiped her soot-covered hands into the towel convulsively. Sherlock's strange attire probably did that to her. You certainly don't see many people wearing a deerstalker and an Ulster coat in the vicinity of Béziers.
“Secretive as always, isn't he, our dear Guillaume? He grew up here in Béziers, he never told you that?”
Sherlock left the basket in my keeping and viewed Rosalie with amazement, a sense of wonder reflected in his pale, slanted eyes.
The music changed. “Mozart’s Sleigh Ride.” A quick smile. “He told the orchestra to add bells to make it more festive.”
His reaction caught the attention of the woman at the counter. “Found something, did you?” she asked, sounding as if she already knew the answer.
It seemed almost too convenient that his phone sounded just then. He quickly excused himself and left the table. I wondered if this was the murder that would spoil my plans.
Now, Mycroft stood at the front window, looking down on Albemarle Street, for nearly thirty minutes before he saw a vaguely familiar figure walking towards the building. Walking hesitantly and Sherlock did not usually hesitate; he was more the  bull charging into the china shop, albeit an elegant one. On this day, his brother was clearly too thin and the jacket he wore was not warm enough for the December weather. He needed a good coat.
John made a sound, not really a word, but it served to get Sherlock’s attention. He immediately dropped the unconscious man and literally crawled to where John was. Quickly, but with infinite tenderness, he unwound the string of lights from John’s neck. Then he produced a knife from somewhere and cut the ropes at his wrists and ankles.
Trust me when I say that the details of the case which found us lurking amongst the graves are entirely too dull to repeat here and that made me feel the cold even more. Briefly, I amused myself wondering what had snatched poor Hale from his life at only forty-one. But the possibilities were too numerous, so soon I found myself instead staring upwards at the marble angel, its surface stained and darkened with the years. “What are your thoughts on angels?” I asked Holmes idly.
He could tell that John wanted to demur at the premise of infinity, but then, instead, he only smiled and nodded. “Forever,” he said. “Yes, we will.”
It did make life a bit too much like a rollercoaster ride, however. As he thought about that, John was forced to edge his way around a small child who apparently had been disappointed with his visit to Father Christmas’s grotto and so was throwing a screaming fit in the middle of the aisle.
Now, undoubtedly all of those fine thoughts are perfect for late night rumination in front of the fire, with a large whisky in hand. But on this cold winter’s night, such idle speculation did not suit me. I needed more, because the memories flooding my mind were threatening to wash me from the shore, to sweep me into the tumult of the storm-tossed sea.
Watson came into the room. He looked at me and smiled, before saying, “You are quite rosy from your bath.” He picked up the snifter and lifted it towards me. I echoed the gesture with my own and we both swallowed some port.
A physician being a physician, of course, I managed to drag Henry from the frigid barn back into the house, dumping him in the foyer, constrained quite efficiently with some knots I had learned in Afghanistan. Wilkins himself was in little danger of dying before help arrived, at least after I bound his wound. We would contact the constabulary from the inn.
Once I had in hand the small box from Hancock’s of Bond Street, I suffered a fleeting moment of fear. While bespoke ring had cost me a significant sum, I did not begrudge it at all, but was it a good thing I was doing? Would Holmes—Sherlock—think me foolish to even utter such words as I had planned and to gift him with such a thing?
We kissed, lightly, but only briefly. Weariness drove us to simply finish changing and then slipping into bed. Any other plans would have to wait until morning. Still feeling the chill from the hours spent outside, we moved together and embraced. It was like that we fell asleep.
met Sherlock Holmes before. Call me naive and I wouldn’t argue. In my defence, such as it is, it was morning and I was having breakfast. Mrs Hudson came bustling in, carrying a plate of nicely crisped bacon. “You need protein,” she said sternly, eying our table, judging our meal. I was having toast slathered with strawberry jam, whereas Sherlock’s plate held toast dripping with honey. “Protein is important to start your day.”
The truth was that the kiss in the grotto three days ago was all there was. We were both still...considering the implications. There had been some touching, casual and affectionate. But that was it.
Somehow, I knew immediately that I would never forget the sight of John Watson standing in my room that night.
Where, indeed, I found a most satisfactory fire blazing away and by the time I had shed my wet garments and donned my dressing gown and Prince Albert slippers, there was a cheerful landlady bustling up the stairs with hot tea and some sandwiches. Roast beef and mustard. All of which was very nice, but there was one vital piece of home that was missing.
The murderous jewel thief looked exactly as Paget would draw him for one of my stories in the Strand. Suave, elegant, clad in perfectly-fitted evening wear. A thin cigar in one hand and a glass of what looked to be champagne in the other. The room suited him ideally. The wood gleamed, the fabrics were pristine, the art exquisite.
When we were down to just our shirts and trousers, we doused the lamps and drew the curtains. Only the glow of the fireplace gave us light as I hummed a bit of Strauss and we danced around our sitting room.
“Not a great believer in coincidence myself,” the woman said. She held the ring out. “If it was in the 5£ pile, I am obligated to charge you that.”
I excused myself and left. Nearby I found a small corner with several chairs and sat down to light my pipe. Naturally, sitting there in a place that had featured so largely in our life, I turned a bit sentimental. Holmes and I had travelled a long road together, not all of it an easy journey, but I did not regret a single moment. Our contentment was hard-won, so doubly treasured.
Mr Dann, the landlord, was alone in the pub, cleaning up, as I passed through. He was no doubt correct in thinking that even though it was still early that no one else would be appearing this evening to buy a pint. He gave me a look of surprise. “Good God, man, you are not going out into that weather, are you?”
So it seemed that my plans for Christmas Eve were safe. Still, nerves kept me awake long after Sherlock had fallen asleep in my arms.
The dream was oddly peaceful, almost sepia, in the manner of old photographs. There was a flower-surrounded cottage, a tidy row of beehives, two old men moving gently through the garden. Sherlock followed them into the cottage, which was cosy and cluttered.
He carefully removed his slippers and then came to sit beside me. He reached over and took my hand in his.
Mrs Hudson, as always, supplied the answer to my [regrettably somewhat tetchy] query. “Oh, Dr Watson had a telegram from an old acquaintance, a Doctor Henry. The poor man fell ill and needed someone to take over his surgery for the day. You know our Watson; he immediately departed for Brick Lane.”
With the grey turning darker and oxygen hard to come by, John was only vaguely aware of the door flying open and then, suddenly, all the pressure around his neck was gone. He managed to open his eyes enough to see a tall bastard kneeling over Father Christmas and beating his head against the floor. Repeatedly.
John stopped arguing. He paid her the 5£ and then dropped a 50£ note into the RSPCA jar that was sitting on the counter. She smiled at him one more time and he left the shop, tucking the box safely into his pocket.
I took both our empty glasses into the kitchen and refilled them with more eggnog, then joined Sherlock on the sofa. We both just watched the fire for a moment. “What do you think?,” I said then. “Thai? Chinese? Indian? The world is ours for the ordering.”
It was a long moment before he responded, without looking my way. “Should I have any thoughts on the matter?” His tone was only mildly interested.
My gazed wandered upwards again as well. Beneath the dirt and the discolouration, the face was indeed lovely. Kind.
I do wonder what either of those worthies would think of the particular way I have of dealing with my own memories. Namely, the rooms in my brain where I store such things. Some of the rooms are locked up tightly and I never open them. Other rooms hold those facts that help me with the Work. Sometimes those memories stay there permanently, but other times I find they are no longer of use and so can be discarded. It would not do for the attics to become overly cluttered.
Clearly, I was the adult in the room. “Because we decided to spend Christmas Eve and Day on our own, I told your Mum we would be happy to join them for dinner tonight. When I mentioned it to you, there was no objection.”
Trust his brother to manage to arrive just in time. It was three minutes before their reservation when he finally saw Sherlock striding  towards him, properly dressed, at least, in a black suit and a cornflower blue shirt. No tie, of course. It had been months since they had seen one another and Sherlock had clearly had a growth spurt. Sixteen now, voraciously and vocally bored at Eton, of course, and according to Mummy,
Well, that was what he called himself anyway, as he flitted around the capitals of Europe, first seducing and then ripping off the wealthy gay clientele of exclusive private clubs. There was no way of knowing exactly how many men had been his victims, because undoubtedly many of them did not report the crimes. The loss of a Patel Philippe Henry Graves Supercomplication or a Bugatti Centodieci or a Pokemon Illustrator Card, all of which were certainly heavily insured, was apparently considered less a trial than being humiliated. Than being revealed as the mark for a clever conman.
I suppose was the right word in this circumstance. Actually, I was a bit surprised that his parents had picked such a fancy place; they seemed too down-to-earth. More the type to have dinner in a cosy country pub, in front of the fire.
there was a hint of an enthusiasm he’d probably last seen in a small boy rhapsodizing about the mummies in the British museum. When his tale reached the point where John Watson suddenly appeared, his trusty weapon to hand, and saved the day, Sherlock’s face changed minutely. Became, somehow, softer. An indication of the recently announced Romantic Relationship, no doubt.
The taunting tone made me want to growl again. Instead, I stepped into the room, my gun held up. “Rather more ignominious for the infamous jewel thief to be brought low by a simple doctor, wouldn’t you say?” I uttered the words with a faint smile on my face.
I wondered if the soul of William Louis Hale was comforted by having that sweet-faced angel, of whom I was becoming rather fond, watching over him.
It seemed prudent to wash the rest of myself quickly and efficiently before the situation grew delicate.
He would deny that accusation, of course, and maintain that it is only the peace and quiet to be found when one wandered amongst the tombstones which appealed to him. And I do understand that a mind such as his must seek respite occasionally or risk complete collapse. I have seen that happen too often, so sometimes we walked through cemeteries. At the very least, the environs reminded one of his own mortality which is never a bad thing, in my opinion.
Pudding and custard. Not a peace offering, exactly. Just something one did for a partner. Even one who was a giant cock sometimes.
The physician was just leaving Mycroft’s room as we arrived and he gave us a brief report on what had happened. We had known that the man’s heart was fragile and apparently it had wanted to just give up. But no Holmes intended to be a quitter, so Mycroft was still here.
After a lifetime together, perhaps I would be made up of nothing but the memories I had collected of John Watson. Which seemed an excellent notion
Mycroft did not comment on it, of course. Instead, he merely summoned the waiter and ordered treacle sponge with vanilla bean custard and a pot of Earl Grey.
While in reality there was only a passing similarity between this long-ago soldier and his John, Sherlock could so clearly see the ephemeral link between the two.
The usual pleasantries were exchanged and then Mary said, “I am absolutely parched. Shall we sit for a natter and some tea?”
Several times, in fact. I even posted a sticky note on the lid of his laptop. And yet he still claimed ignorance.
“Oh, by the way, Hudders,” Sherlock said languidly, “you probably want to know that John and I have embarked on a romantic relationship. I understand that people take an interest in that sort of thing.”
I could tell that she was already planning how to tell Mrs Turner her news. And probably everybody else at the bloody coffee morning as well. Finally, she headed for the door again, still twittering. Then she paused. “And you boys don’t mind me. I can just turn up the volume on my telly.” Giggling, she finally left.
him to pull out the lights and other ‘bits of tat.’ John smiled brightly. “Why don’t you go solve the elficide while I decorate the flat?”
The details of why he was banging around in the kitchen instead of eating the perfectly acceptable breakfast that had been set in front of him were unknown. Something to do with an experiment gone wrong. The good news was that the jar of foreskins [don’t ask was the household mantra] was gone from the refrigerator. The bad news was that Sherlock was muttering about having to start all over again.
I leant back in the chair and closed my eyes, giving myself up to the memories of the evening just passed.
“Oh, well,” I said. “Seems harmless enough. And then tomorrow night we shall have Christmas Eve just for us. Takeaway and arguing over which cheesy holiday film to watch.” I had another plan, of course, but that was a secret. I was pretty sure, at least, that the hidden gift was still unknown to Sherlock.
Mary just stood there, almost forlornly, and for just a second, John felt something like sympathy for her.
Sherlock is so lovely when he plays and I know that if I used that word aloud, he would not be pleased. But nevertheless.
“Are you indeed?” My fingers moved slowly through his unrestrained curls and I felt that his words actually applied to me.
Since I had no where to go, no reason to be out in the cold and wet, I could just stand at the window, sipping some of Mrs Hudson’s homemade eggnog [with its indecent amount of rum] and watch Baker Street settle into Christmas Eve. Our Not Housekeeper had left several hours ago, off to spend the week with her sister. Before departing, she gifted us with eggnog and enough decorated biscuits to serve the entire street, if we were so inclined.
Then I bent over the body and did a real examination, at least as best I could, given the wrapping paper and the wet snow. Finally, a picture began to emerge and it was nowhere near an eight. I could have solved this at home in my dressing gown. With a sigh, I stepped back, quickly removing the gloves and replacing them with my own leather ones. “I suggest you talk to the brother.”
And once we had settled into our suite, comfortable in our dressing gowns, fire burning, port in hand, life seemed better.
I am hardly the first to think so, of course. Great minds from Aristotle, who theorized that memories are primarily composed of associations among various experiences, to Mr Darwin, who sees them as an evolutionary development intended to perform specific tasks, have considered the idea of Memory as meriting consideration.
It worked for about five minutes and then Sherlock fixed him with a stare. “What are we going to do in London?” he asked, licking at the icing on his upper lip.
He frowned, but somehow I knew that he didn’t mean it. Sherlock was actually quite fond of his parents. And even of his dreadful brother. But, somehow, where family was concerned, he reverted to toddler status. Well, honestly, not only when family was concerned.
But once we were in bed, all was peaceful. Holmes rolled to his side and placed his arm across my chest. “I am the most fortunate of men,” he said softly.
For the first time, really, it occurred to Mycroft Holmes to wonder just what was going to happen to Sherlock. How would he ever find a place in the world? It was an unsettling thought and he resolved to broach the subject with Mummy and Daddy before he returned to work in London after the holidays.
He had, of course, thought of one day giving Sherlock a ring, but it still seemed too soon for something like that. But as a Christmas gift it might be acceptable. Probably Sherlock wouldn’t even wear it. But nevertheless...
Sherlock freely acknowledged that disappointing people was his usual practice, but he hated it when he disappointed John. “Sorry.”
John sipped the whisky and opened the box to look at the ring. He ran one fingertip around the engraving.
Sherlock, oddly, did not feel like an intruder as he wandered about. Then, hanging above the mantle, he saw the painting. The soldier-doctor. It seemed so significant, although he was not sure why. After all it was only a dream.
“The body of an elf was found in the grotto when Father Christmas arrived this morning. Garrotted with a string of lights.” Sherlock’s lips twitched just slightly. “Exactly like the ones you usually drape around our fireplace.”
At last, we were alone in front of the fire, with port and our pipes. A mere hint of snow was falling beyond the window, a perfect backdrop for the night. For quite some time, we were both silent. I watched the flames, occasionally glancing at Holmes. “I know you will think me dreadfully sentimental,” I finally murmured, “but this Christmas seems quite special to me.”
We sat in silence for a few moments. Then I patted Sherlock’s hand. “I will pack us a case, while you check the Bradshaw’s.”
John sighed as his fingers sifted through a pile of cuff links and tie pins. Sherlock hated ties and already owned several pairs of very nice cuff links. Then his eye was caught by something glittering under the tat and he paused. He poked through the pile and saw a ring sitting at the very bottom. Admittedly, he was no expert on jewellery, but the ring did not seem to belong with the rest of the mediocre pieces on the table. It was heavy, certainly looked and felt like real silver and the blue gem [sapphire?] glittered even more brightly after a quick polish on the front of his coat.
A short time later, the carriage Mycroft had dispatched delivered us to his Mayfair home. [Do not mistake the sending of a carriage for an act of kindness; rather, it was merely an attempt to secure my presence.] We paused in front of the door, giving Watson a moment to take a deep breath before confronting the creme d’ la creme of London society. Although he is a better man than anyone else who would cross the threshold this night, he sometimes was made hesitant by nerves. I, on the other hand, paused merely to brace myself against the prospect of excruciating boredom.
He was thinking of trying to reach Sherlock instead of waiting, but just then heard a noise behind him and then there was only blackness. It was clear from the bump on his head what had happened.
In whatever language, it made him angry.  Finally, he walked into the lounge and found a quiet chair before pulling out his phone.
It should not have surprised me that a man who professed no faith beyond his belief in rational scientific thought, could still speak knowledgeably on scripture. A distant memory came to mind. “When I was a child, our vicar spoke of angels as being genderless.”
Then he leaned close and I could tell from the look in his eyes that he was about to say something entirely inappropriate. “I do hope,” he whispered into my half-frozen ear, “that your more...hidden features are not terribly frost-nipped. I have plans for later.”
nice that the waiter did not even crack a smile as he produced extra serviettes so that John could dry off from the wine tossed in his face.
He turned around and through the throng of shoppers saw a familiar face, albeit one he had not seen in some time. One he’d never thought to see again, if he were being honest. Maybe even
Sherlock was sitting on the sofa, reading a cold case file he’d plucked from the box of them kept for those moments when nothing else was going on. He glanced up at me. “Clever criminals are very few and far between,” he complained. “And still the idiots at the Yard can’t catch them.”
A short time later, I slipped into the porcelain tub and relaxed in the hot water, to which I had added a bit of the expensive scented oil I had been gifted by my brother. [As often with his gifts, the message to be taken from this one was a bit mixed, but I ignored those under-currents.] At the moment, I preferred to remember Watson’s sotto voce comment at the time.
We had not come to London with the appropriate attire for dining at the Langham, but I had a few words with the manager and he organised a table set in a quiet corner. The meal was exquisite and we indulged in a bottle of rather fine champagne. Our mood was not festive, but neither were we glum.
I added some more hot water to the tub and began on my legs. Although slender, they served me well. Washing my thighs brought Watson’s legs to mind and I passed a pleasant interlude with those thoughts.
Sherlock was watching as they finally got the poor git down from the pole and into a body bag. “Any idea why he was dressed as a reindeer?”
The weak winter sunlight had already disappeared and the city was lighting up by the time John found himself wandering into Cecil Court, a short passageway that linked St Martins Lane and Charing Cross. Usually, that was why he would find himself here, just using it as a way to quickly get somewhere else. Although, he  had been here once with Sherlock, on the case he’d titled [to considerable scorn]
Father Christmas was not amused, at least judging by his next action, which was to step closer and wrap the lights around John’s neck, tightening the hold until things started to go a bit grey around the edges. John had the ridiculous thought that dying in an elf costume was not exactly anything he had ever imagined. The tabloids would have a field day. Hopefully without pictures.
I went into the bedroom and opened the drawer that held my underwear and socks, which were still not indexed, an ongoing cause of  grief to the man I loved. I shoved my only pair of argyles out of the way and stared down at the ring nestled there.
I stamped my feet against the pavement in an effort to warm myself a bit and tried not to sound irritated when I asked, “How are you not cold?”
Realising that he was not far from the Brocante des Abbesses, Sherlock quickened his steps and hurried through the increasingly heavy snowfall. Once arrived, he bought himself a cup of hot chocolate and began to wander through the crowd.
Her gaze was nearly forensic as it studied his face. “And what did he promise you?” Mary asked then.
His hand: small, but strong, a surgeon’s hand, although he no longer practised that art. A soldier’s hands, slightly calloused, although these days he served only one selfish consulting detective rather than an Empire. I let my fingertips move over his hand, committing each centimeter to memory. If called upon, I could draw an accurate representation of it.
I snorted, trying not to be charmed, and shook my head. There was no one to blame but myself. I loved the cheeky bastard.
Sherlock rolled over and wrapped both arms around him. “I think we should buy a cottage,” he said. “And I want to raise bees.”
Sherlock was speaking very softly, obviously on his phone. “...well, you were not asleep, so the point is moot.”
The wind had picked up again and so it was easy enough to clandestinely follow the hulking bully-boy as he made his way towards the barn. Along the way, I picked up a solid branch probably blown to the ground in the storm and hefted it in both hands.
I was deep into a Greek treatise on the subject of poisons [Book 5 of Celsus] when I heard footsteps just beyond my door. It was Watson, of course; I would know the sound of his approach anywhere or any time. He had retired earlier, claiming a headache, which I had discounted at once. I knew he wanted solitude, probably to think upon recent events.
He shifted again, this time stretching out on top of me. The weight and warmth of his body were, as always,  comforting.
When his gaze reached Sherlock’s face, their eyes met. Mycroft could tell that his brother was not high. At the moment. “Come in,” he said. “Lunch is waiting.”
I arrived at Baker Street as a miserable, sodden creature, much in want of a blazing fire, a pot of tea, and a kind word from my boon companion. The day had been a miserable failure, with all my efforts at apprehending Collins, the notorious stamp counterfeiter, gaining me nothing. He was leading me on a merry dance indeed and my patience had worn thin. Not to mention the cold rain that had been falling all day, Finally, I snapped irritably at the hapless Lestrade and found a growler to take me home.
But none of those things suited. John wanted this gift to be special, to mark the change in their relationship. To make note of the fact that two desperately lonely men had at long last stumbled upon the right path, at the same time, and so were not walking alone any more.
Sherlock, who quickly collected himself, stepped up to the window and looked out inquiringly. An ominous buzz of angry voices droned around us, coming out of neighbouring compartments and the heavy steps of the train crew already resounded in the vicinity, but he didn't let himself to be disturbed by any of those facts and resumed the place opposite me, cavalierly reclining against the backrest.
“That's entirely up to you now, monsieur le Inspecteur,” he announced, his tone self-satisfied and firm. “As you remember, it was not my assignment to arrest the man but to restore the objects stolen from the Louvre. And this assignment is now finished.”
Things went smoothly thus far and yet I cringed in torturous fear inwardly. The idea of Sally Donovan possibly having a night duty in Greg’s office scared me to no end. I knew I would be forced to deal with it if it came to that - but this certainty didn’t ease my worry in the least. The thought of encountering a woman whom my wife has left with crippling injury was terrifying still.
Two elderly ladies dressed in lacy black robes and sporting elaborate coiffures were busy nodding off inside, their gently snoring mouths being opened and closed almost in unison. Unwilling to be tricked, I checked their faces with utmost scrutiny, but they were definitely not my targets. I looked up at Sherlock again, shook my head dismissively and moved on.
That's what made me decide that I should leave him. Because the vineyard workers, the women of the market – they all gathered there, pulling me from under the tree quickly and they tended to my wounds, transporting me to my grandmother's house at last. The simple, uneducated people helped me the best they could – and Julian never touched me. He was Perfect, after all. My blood would contaminate his religious purity.”
It was most stupid of me to loose composure and to treat him so cavalierly earlier. I sincerely promised not to do it anymore, then broke my word at the first opportunity. Which made me look like an ass in comparison with Sherlock who was so supportive and patient with me when all hell broke loose last year. He was the only reason Greg Lestrade still talked to me after my former spouse left one of his officers dead and Sergeant Donovan crippled for life, disappearing into US after that. Thanks to his influence, the investigation of my activities as the possible accomplice was a lot milder than it could be in similar circumstances. Sherlock offered me my former room at 221B Baker Street on his own, sparing me the awkwardness of begging and he put up with the presence of little Sheryl without protests until Harry became her legal guardian.
He climbed the thin metal stairs and went out to the street. We could hear the muffled sound of his conversation from outside.
He put his hand at the crown of my head, his fingers ruffling up my hair gently. I shut my eyes and leaned more comfortably against him.
He weirdly emphasised the last word. I bowed my head in disappointment and obsessively rubbed the place where my late moustache grew a few days ago.
No reaction from Philip. Hypnotised by Sherlock’s presence, he watched him as in a trance, blind to everything around him.
John yielded to the temptation. He unhooked the button of his jeans, undid his zip and released his own cock from the confines of the underwear - large, dusky pink and already prepared for an action.
Staggering forward through the black fog, I reached for Sherlock and knelt by his side, touching him with shaking fingers.
I heard him exhale heavily and he replied, sounding very tired: “I never said that he is my ideal, John. I only said that he's Perfect.”
Sherlock just smiled inscrutably – he never could resist those theatrical touches when dealing with the members of the police force – and stretching out his long leg, he pushed the bag from its place under my seat towards the Inspecteur with the sole of his boot.
As I glimpsed him, a sharp jolt in my chest made me gasp audibly. It could well have been a young Sherlock who loitered on the stairs above us. The young man had the rich dark curly hair and a pale complexion, piercing green eyes and a dignified presence. He was tall and lithe and very, very pretty.
All in all, the whole arrangement was beautiful to look at. John stretched out his hand and touched the marble perfection of one of the inner thighs, caressing it lightly.
When it was all over, John cavalierly picked up Sherlock's briefs, laying discarded on the floor and cheekily cleaned the wet disaster from his front, tending to Sherlock similarly in the next moment.
“Uh… Apollo, I think. We had such a statue at the university when I was still a medic. They probably ascribed some healing properties to this god, those ancient Greek dudes…”
Greg started when we appeared in front of the half-open gate and called after us softly, but we paid him no heed. We steeled ourselves and entered the dark interior.
“I was always attracted to you, from the moment of our first encounter at St. Bart's, Sherlock.” I confessed. “But I believed you to be unobtainable, uninterested in such things. I also genuinely loved Mary, my feelings for her weren't any shallower than those I had for you. I am aware it's unfair of me to berate you about Julian when I am like that. When I was able to give my heart to two people simultaneously. Still, it's how I am.”
And what better deed could a spiritual person like him crave for than a destruction of the heretics, the wiping out of the enemy of his Church?
I blinked in confusion. It was a very different room that surrounded me all of a sudden. Huge pieces of corrugated iron were bitten out of the roof and walls of the hall, their debris covering the entire ground inside. Clouds of black smoke surged out of the holes created that way and to my right the blazing inferno was speedily consuming the entire side of the old building. The open space surrounded by flames looked churned up as if the bomb fell on it. I tried not to think about the fate of two gorillas who sat there mere moments ago. I had no time for it anyway since I was coughing roughly, almost choking on it. The air was thick and all but unbreathable, threatening me with smoke-inhalation.
“The name of the victim was Charles Murray. Fifty-six years old, owner of the small-sized enterprise, travel agency and accommodation bureau called “North Sea Express”. He died as a result of severe closed head injury, after being repeatedly hit to the temporal and occipital bones of the skull with a crutch which later was found near the crime-scene. The body was then tossed out of the cubicle of the Eye through the emergency exit, together with the murderous weapon.
Young lady jogger dressed in an almost transparent T-shirt passed by us at that very moment. Naturally distracted, I turned after her and whistled under my nose appreciatively.
The Isles of Scilly put their astonishing beauty fully on display. Behind the whole-wall window, the chain of dark, rugged rocks and islets, the silver line of the beach and the stormy coloured sea bathed in the dazzling sunlight, the stunning effect resembling the painting of some classic landscape painter. It pulled him to the glass panel in an instant. He stood there for a minute, admiring the view with relish.
He placed a revolver on the table next to Julian, to incriminate him with a crime. I'm sure he shot one round from that gun in the fields at the outskirts the town previously, to create an illusion that it was this very gun which was used for his murder.
“Yes, I have a past. A past I didn't inform you about.” He said in a clipped tone. “But I can't see how I'm so different from you – John “Three Continents” Watson!”
“Glad to hear it.” John clasps Sherlock's wrists with some more strength and buries his cock fully into the detective, relishing the feel of his tight ass. Enjoying the moment of his triumph, he stops for a while and watches Sherlock subdued under him, excitement flowing through his veins like live current.
High above our heads, the light was burning brightly behind the heavy curtains in all four heavily decorated windows. It conjured the image of the luxurious saloon illuminated by the friendly hearth-fire in our mind's eye. The store front seemed to be inviting too, hiding the amiable little bistro behind its glass and wooden panels.
Sherlock wore a self-deprecating grimace on his lips now: “Do you realise what had happened? The moment I believed I was spying them out of your office, I actually brought them in. That was De Vries’ joke at my expense, I guess. He hid them into the insignia of that jolly fellow Dionysus. And the Apollo’s bow contains the second batch of them, no doubt.”
But something had to happen after that and he was disturbed, because he hid Julian's prone figure behind the half-closed door and he forgot to open it wide again, not realising how dumb it would look if he was found shot in such circumstances. I noticed it right away. The corpse could not be dead for long at the time we have discovered it. But if Julian was the one who supposedly killed the man, he was required to be sober just a short time ago and to docilely close the door on himself after he mortally injured his host. Yet he was drugged senseless, only just emerging from the high. It stuck me as very unusual and it was the first clue that led me to the truth eventually.
Noticing a jetboat, I stiffened in alarm. I cast a hesitant side-glance at Sherlock. My sense of foreboding did not disappoint me – Sherlock grinned from ear to ear like the Cheshire Cat.
Lestrade’s question was merely rhetorical, of course. For Sherlock was already busy browsing the net on his smartphone. Soon, he found the article he was looking for and showed it to me and Greg triumphantly. I found myself unable to supress a faint tremor when I recognised the face of our late kidnapper at once.
The young man grinned lazily and stuck the cigarette into the corner of his mouth. “No offence intended, my friend… I was just expressing my views on the matter. Don't mind me, I meant well. Do you have some fire, by the way?”
I sidled up to him and when my nose was almost touching the side of his jaw, I growled in a low voice: “I won't disclose my secrets but... oh, the things I would do to you...”
“Dead? Are you sure?” Lestrade blurted out and run his fingers through his spiky crew-cut in frustrated desperation.
I kept my tongue sullenly and Sherlock, walking by my side, was silent too, his gaze aimed ahead of us unflinchingly, his steps noiseless, his face pallid, withdrawn and mysterious in the all-encompassing gloom. He remained like that even as we stepped into the cab. He never once looked at me during our ride.
I presume that as soon as he got rid of Julian and secured that the Cathar would be found sitting in an incriminating position, Arnaud took a second gun from its hiding place, walked to the heating stove and turning the revolver against himself, he looked into the barrel and cold-bloodedly pulled the trigger. The glorious knight died a beautiful death, clearing the land of the pest that was plaguing it for so long.
”It doesn't look like rain, don't you think?” remarks John, happily chewing on the crispy piece of bacon.
Because in the next second, the door to the bistro flew open and a heavy-set elderly woman staggered in, her hand pressed tightly to her heaving breasts.
The reproach was worse than a shooting wound to me. I blanched, staggered and I had to sit down at the edge of the bed again, lest my weakened knees would give way on me.
We stood by the base of the giant Ferris wheel, with the fresh greenery of Jubilee Gardens at our backs and enjoyed the view of the flowing water. Sherlock’s unruly curls fluttered in the light breeze and his paleness was compromised too, attractive redness blooming like roses on his cheeks.
Sherlock stood by the side of unknown man now, his eyes red and shiny. He was obviously very moved and so uncharacteristically disturbed, that I would have held him for another person altogether. He raised his hand and to my shock, he placed it on the cheek of the old man, caressing it gently.
“Is it really? But I'm none the wiser where it's concerned, I must confess. Can you tell me more about it?”
The man blinked at me at first, uncomprehending, while Sherlock abruptly dropped his hands to his waist and took a step back. He hummed and hawed in an uncharacteristic manner, more flustered than I ever saw him.
The bearded bloke gave me an ugly look and started to pace the area like a tiger kept in the cage. The gun sticking from behind his waistband glistened ominously and his hands shook as if he was at the edge of the nervous breakdown.
I seized Sherlock’s wrist in a steely grip and turned his face to me with my free hand, forcing the eye-contact. I then proclaimed, emphasising every word: “Greg is my friend, that’s true, but you are my priority, Sherlock and that won’t ever change! So I am going in with you – that’s not negotiable! If you think you will expose yourself to danger while I’ll just idle away somewhere, you don’t know you man!”
The Frenchman, however, was no longer interested about me or my inner turmoil. He draped himself over Sherlock's stiff form and proclaimed delightedly: “It is so incredible to have you here after all those years, Guillaume! Come, we must drink on this tonight!”
John smiled thinly and scratched the area behind his ear absentmindedly: “All those things I said about Irene Adler… I take them back. I would not wish to have Adler around you. At all. I think… I think I'll manage the things she should be good at on my own.”
We seated ourselves to the grass that covered the bank as the pleasant felt carpet and discussed some metaphysical philosophies, never noticing that the giant black poplar growing nearby was uprooted by the wind and rain the previous evening. And so it toppled over and fell on us unexpectedly, its long branches and twigs hitting me so that I was knocked down in an instant. Julian escaped from the incident unscathed somehow.
I instantly looked around to make sure that the beastly creature responsible for this savagery does not hide here inside. But there was nothing to see. The room was sternly furnished, almost empty aside from the drawing table, two chairs, the meagre bookcase and the oaken closet. The only striking feature of its space was the statue of Holy Virgin Mary placed in the little alcove opposite us, simple crucifix pinned to the wall next to it and the painting of some bearded religious figure underneath it. It contained very little otherwise. The thought that I previously imagined this room to be a luxurious chamber equipped with a large fireplace seemed so preposterous now.
“No! Wait…” Sherlock caught my other wrist too, forcing me to stop. He held me in this bizarre clinch for a second to make a point. After that he released me and turning his back on me, started to slowly walk towards the other room.
“Cathars?” I shrugged. “You mean that queer sect of heretics that plagued Southern Europe during The Middle Ages? Of course I have heard of them.”
“No, there were always small cells upheld by the adherents of the teaching. Among the Perfecti, the Elder Chosen One transferred all his status and power to the Younger Chosen One gradually. And so the movement survived to this very day.”
Sherlock skimmed the empty shell of the handle mutely. He stood without the slightest move, much more rigid than before and visibly shaken by this sudden twist. Yet his voice sounded calm and self-assured: “Pardon me, but that is not true. I have brought you the crutch in the same state it was in when I took it from the DI’s office. I did not meddle with it, I...”
When we almost crashed into the buoy, I screamed furiously: “Sherlock, these guys are maybe headed to Folkestone, for all we know! Could you try NOT to kill us before we get there?!”
During their conversation, I was rambling around the office nonchalantly and surveyed the room together with Lestrade’s private cubicle next door. Glimpsing the objects from today’s investigation, including the crutch, scattered over the table there in their transparent plastic covers and overhearing Philip’s last words, I chuckled in amusement: “Maybe he sleeps at night from time to time, don’t you think? Some of us do, you know?”
“Can we stop somewhere before you take us to Baker Street?” he asked with a slightly devilish smirk on his lips, some cunning plan evident in his mind.
Cold wind was rising from the open, watery plains of the ocean. The white line of the coast shimmered in the distance, once near, once far, visible in the gaps in the shrubbery for a few moments and in the next moment invisible again.
There was another entrance there indeed. But it was secured with a trellis composed of firm steel bars on which a heavy patent lock glittered. It seemed downright impossible to pass through it. I gnashed my teeth in helpless ire at the sight and when we came nearer, I grasped the bars with both hands. I tried to wrest them from the hinges, but they were a bit too solid for that.
I nestled against the counter, almost catatonic with fear and shock. Cold shivers rattled me and as everything went blurry, the series of disjointed visions flashed through my mind reeling off before me like the scenes from the movie.
I won't ever forget the face our would-be Napoleon made when he spotted him. The bouts of mirth are still tickling me in my belly when I remember how his eyes bulged out of their sockets as if ready to pop off and to land on the floor, how his jaw slackened and a cigarette fell from his mouth into his lap.... but as it turned up, the rascal still had some surprises in store for us. Because even in the midst of the mind-numbing scare – which I'm sure was genuine – he had a presence of mind to stretch his left hand forward abruptly.
I'm afraid I was a bit impolite there. I overlooked that outstretched hand completely and gaped at Sherlock in stark disbelief.
Sherlock stubbornly lifted his chin, his eyes steely and dark: “In a way it was me who killed those men. And yet I do not regret anything. I would kill every single one of them all over for your sake.”
We were back in his office at Scotland Yard, absolutely wrung out after the excitement of last night and the subsequent investigations that lasted until noon. We burrowed into comfortable chairs and rested there a bit. Greg and I, we were decorated by a redoubtable set of bruises, while Sherlock sported the white bandage on his head and on his chest which was visible through his partly unbuttoned bloodied shirt.
Their eyes locked firmly. John voice lowered even more, changing into a whisper: “Yet you could never forgive me, babbling about Irene Adler that way, am I right?”
“After we were involuntarily dragged into that crime, I immediately noticed the Dutch connection practically leaping at us. De Vries was a Dutch citizen, he owned an enterprise located in Amsterdam and the other victim operated in the North Sea, connecting Netherlands and the other North Sea countries with the UK. The only motive for their deadly quarrel I could imagine was money or some financial dealings between the two, but not of an ordinary kind, because such dealings would hardly require hydrocyanic acid being thrown around. I therefore made a short survey of the unsolved crimes taking place in Amsterdam in the last month and this diamond matter immediately caught my eye.”
And before I could react in any way, he kissed Sherlock on one cheek, then on another and finally smacked the biggest of his kisses right at Sherlock's lips.
“No, no, messieurs! These men are innocent! My cousin and his friend just entered this place after the crime was already discovered by Marie! They were just trying to help! The real perpetrator must be still….”
Mycroft’s office, into which I was unceremoniously pushed, was immersed in a warm semi-twilight. Wooden panels covering the walls, barely visible in the background, hid in a mead-coloured shadows, while the strong sunlight coming from outside painted shiny ovals on the surface of the thick carpet there under the windows. All was silent and undisturbed. Only the particles of dust shivered in rays of light which cut across the heavy air.
Sensing that he has calmed down a bit, I clasped my arms around his waist and I held him tightly, burying my face into his cotton-clad chest.
In that moment a cetacean-shaped green-eyed monster burst from beneath the surface of my consciousness and her humongous fins tore every rational thought in my head to shreds.
He exchanged the glance with me, his eyes bright and his face serene once again: “Therefore I decided to only surround myself with simple, imperfect, but reliable things. These never betrayed me in my life. And I hope they never would.”
“Seventeen. Julian was my tutor then.” Sherlock touched the rim of his Ulster coat and started to crumple it between his fingers. “He was intelligent, very charming, very… attentive. When we were alone, he was never trying to hide his adoration of me. He called me beautiful, ephebic… so it naturally happened one day. In my grandmother's cabinet. And then it continued for some time.”
A short moment of silence ensued. Sherlock stood motionless, frozen even, his slanted pale eyes wide and dark all of a sudden.
I couldn’t agree more. The place was a site of former docks too, but long abandoned and dilapidated, full of shabby barracks and dubious cabins in various state of decay. Part of the area was cleared up for redevelopment and slightly resembled the surface of the moon with its barren landscape. Still, right next to it the dun buildings with blind windows towered over Thames – the very picture of some freaky nightmare.
“Fascinating. I admit it could happen that way… but in that case, where is the true murder weapon? We didn't see it when we examined the corpse. Did it fell into some obscure place that escaped our attention?”
Sherlock abruptly let go of me, whirled to his cousin and clutched at his coat, long fingers tearing into fabric like claws. He put his face close to the stunned Frenchman and said to him in a low, urgent voice, his eyes blazing savagely: “Marcel, we must remove the books and papers from Professor's house immediately, lest the police find them! Where does he live currently?”
The set of keys hung on a hook on the side-wall, just a short distance from us. But even that distance proved to be an insuperable problem for me. No matter how far I stretched out my hand, I could not reach it.
Following my bold plunder of him, I never bothered to transfer into my own bed. I just threw my arms around him, holding him close and immersed myself into a deep, sated sleep. However, in the wee hours of morning I was roused unexpectedly and coaxing Sherlock out of his slumber too with playful bites to his jaw, I prepared and claimed him once more. I could never have enough.
We landed by the impromptu pier made out of some cement cube rising from the river. The motor boat was anchored by the bollard there.
Puzzled, Anderson took the little parcel from Sherlock and overturned it. The orange pips, five in number, naturally fell out. Shocked at the meaning implied by them, Anderson gasped out loud: “Oh!”
“Oh, of course! I have the fresh kettle made in the kitchen. Come, I’ll pour myself the new one too.”
The leader of our captors loitered about the centre of the room. Noticing him, Sherlock gave him a disgusted glance and kicked the crutch to him.
“Whoa!” John pressed his palm to his friend's chest in a swift motion. “No, don't leave! I didn't mean to insult you…”
Glimpsing a gun, I burst forward in panic and tried to take it away before it could be used against us.
John drinks a large amount of his ale in one gulp and tries to tend to his baked beans and scrambled eggs again when Sherlock lightly touches his wrist with the mere tips of his fingers.
I gasped audibly and returned to the present, trying to steel myself for the inevitable. I realised that I always knew this was meant to happen one day. I didn’t foolishly believe that my dealings with Mary will go unpunished. The resentment had to be there, it simply had to dwell inside of Sherlock for a long time – and now it was allowed to flow out, unbridled.
Holding on to Sherlock for dear life, pressed to his back tightly, I spit out some excessive liquid and spluttered: “Are you sure we shouldn’t call the police instead?”
DI answered the call, but having some problems with the signal here under ground, he lowered the phone onto his chest and addressed us: “I’ll go outside for a while. I hope we will be finished here when I return.”
And suddenly... it was as if a Gorgon cast her terrifying glance at him in turn. He blanched, all the way up to his lips and grew absolutely still and rigid as if he was transformed into the statue in this very moment.
Sherlock raised his eyes and pierced me with a sharp inquiring look. Still, his face relaxed a bit and he even smirked a little: “You knew it was me?”
I gulped around the big dumpling that has risen into my throat: “That's the real reason why I'm so afraid, I guess. You already knew some form of perfection, I guess. And I am an utterly imperfect man. I could never be an equivalent of that to you.”
He receded towards the door and locked them tightly, closing heavy draperies over the glass wall. After that, he turned on his heel resolutely.
Elegant, single-story building of Gare de Montpellier was shrouded in smoky vapours emitted from lazily moving steam locomotives. It was a sleepy Saturday evening and the wan daylight of the late October tinted everything with shades of blue and grey. This probably discouraged people from travelling. For such a populous city, only a few villagers and a handful of well-dressed bourgeois loitered on the open platforms.
The gendarmes emerged from the gate of the house, their white-haired prisoner walking sluggishly in their midst. The police van was already opened and its black wagon with barred windows and wide-open doors looked like the mouth of some hungry beast lurking in the darkness, prepared to swallow its prey hungrily. The prisoner was scanning the amassed mob with murky eyes while being dragged to this movable cell and he managed to find Sherlock just before he was forced to board it. He stopped for a second and exchanged a long glance with him. Even through the distance, the sense of their mutual connection was palpable. Sherlock flinched as if he was hit right into solar plexus.
But all the while, it remained hidden at the back of my mind, dwelling there in the form of some vague, undefined unease.
Rosalie pressed her lips together and turned away from him, putting her hands on top of the stone edging of the bridge. She fastened her stare on the surface of the calmly floating water and replied in a defiant, resolute manner: “Oui, monsieur. I was always very loyal to Père Arnaud. Always. But I can't send that gentleman to the guillotine knowing he is innocent. Even if he is the envoy of Satan as Père Arnaud assured me.”
When I came out with the towel cavalierly worn over both shoulders, I found Sherlock engaged in a weird activity. He cut an orange in half there in the kitchen and was busy fishing pips out of it, placing it into the white envelope carefully. I raised my brows at him awaiting an explanation, but he evaded my unspoken question by pointing out that I am distracting him in my current state and that I should hurry instead, for we are busy. Remembering Greg, I complied quickly, but not without a wide smile stretched across my face.
