Lestrade’s hands shook as he fumbled through his wallet for a nicotine patch. Sherlock took the packet from his hands, tore it open and stuck the patch to Lestrade’s exposed forearm.
Sherlock and John looked at each other. They shook their heads.  John blushed and didn’t look very convincing. Sherlock expected that he probably didn’t either.
“He’s dropped his gun. He’s got a soldier sitting on him.”
“I miss him already,” Simon replied, voice thick with emotion. “I don’t want to go ‘ome because he won’t be there.  How do I carry on, John?”
“Well, what would you say?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. John’s fury started to burn within him. Sherlock took his hand and squeezed.
Sherlock looked at John’s head. His hair was stuck to John’s scalp like a second skin. It was clearly very wet indeed. “Fine,” he said and poured some shampoo into his palm. “Ready?”
“I thought so.”
“I know that Brandon wasn’t seeing anyone who wasn’t a regular client unless someone else vouched for them.  When I saw him, he was a bit nervy, like. But hookers are like actors, aren’t they?  There was a punter who was being a right tosser. He was a right posh bastard.”
He crossed his arms. “So why do you look like you’ve been in a fight?”
Sherlock looked around. Lestrade just shouted into his radio and pointed at different people and was not, in any way, useful to him.  Sherlock readied himself to yell again when John appeared beside him.
Sherlock grasped John’s dick and started to stroke him. John’s body undulated. It wasn’t a simple job to keep hold of him, but Sherlock’s efforts met with breathy murmurs of approval.  Sherlock soared.  The sensations that rolled over him weren’t just sexual. They filled Sherlock’s heart and his soul with a glow that seemed to shine from every pore. A lump grew in his throat and he let go of John.
“Good.” Sherlock’s voice was a high-pitched little murmur.  He cleared his throat and said it again, “Good.”
Sherlock picked up his laptop.  “Let’s do some roleplay.”
“Love?” Sherlock’s heart stopped, then raced back to life with echoing thuds. His movements stilled. A careless little term of affection had broken his composure.
John looked up, Sherlock looked down, their dry, smooth lips touched and the kiss did not end until John was on top of Sherlock and tongues searched for answers to sleepy, hopeful, questions posed (a yes, a
“Are you his doctor then?” the Tech asked. “Army fella, was it?”
“Just fast then. Please, Sherlock.” The pleading tone broke Sherlock’s resolve and he started to fuck John in deep, fast strokes. “Yes, yes,
“What man?” John demanded.  “What did he look like?”
“Not for Lesley Shaw,” John replied.  “Her husband owns shares in Doubles.  He was the man who buggered Brandon Cox to death.”
“Put your condom on. I’m nearly there."
Sitting on John’s pillow was a small box wrapped in kitchen tin foil and tied with a cable-tie.   John turned to look at Sherlock and raised an eyebrow, then picked up the box.
His clothes now bagged, John dressed in clean clothes.   Sherlock turned to look around the room.   John hadn’t been in this room before, though it was one of the few he hadn’t.  The walls were covered in striped green and gold wallpaper. The ceiling was white and gilt, with thick plaster carved into flowers, leaves and swirls.  In the centre of the room was a large bed made up with deep red cotton sheets. On an ottoman was a dish full of condoms.  On a carved wooden chair upholstered in navy fabric, sat a purple prostate massager. It looked used.
“…On the fridge,” Sherlock finished for him. “Saw them.”
“Only if you have me.” Sherlock smirked.  “Regularly.”
John huffed a laugh into the crook of his own arm. “Feels weird too.”
“Want you too. Want you to fuck me.” John put a hand over each of Sherlock’s buttocks and pulled their groins together.
“So, you two stayed in touch?”  John asked.
Rosie was in her high-chair next to the table.  Her food tray held a bowl of baby porridge, a Tommy Tippee cup full of milk and some chopped up strawberries and blueberries. From the mess around Rosie’s mouth, she was thoroughly enjoying her breakfast.  When she saw John, she squealed.
“I told you,” Mycroft replied with an impatient sigh.
“You absolutely could,” Nathan agreed.  “I think that would be great for both of you just enjoy playing with each other.”
Sherlock resisted the urge to point out how effective it’d be to stop the sort of drug drop they were investigating. Of course, he didn’t want Charles to know that right now.
John hoped Rosie puked in Mycroft’s Jag.  Explosively.  “If he had, do you think I’d tell you?”
“Fine,” Sherlock agreed.  “And the lubricant?”
“Go have a bath, I’ll order takeaway,” John said.
“I always provide my clients with utter discretion,” Sherlock agreed. “I don’t take anonymous clients, so I have to offer absolute confidence.”
Mycroft shifted in his seat and shook John’s arm.  “That’s quite enough,” he said in the sternest voice he could muster. “You need to stop this now. What?”
“Good afternoon,” Mycroft replied.  “I hate to inform you of this, Sherlock, but the British government isn’t required to run its decisions past you.”
In the central area, under torchlight, the sex swing was clear.  It was a hammock suspended from thick wire cords strung from the ceiling towards the back of the room. Around the sides were curved couches upholstered in visibly wipe-clean fabric.
“Good.” Sherlock’s body relaxed against him in a heavy rush. “Sleep now?”
“You, there at my knees, your fingers buried in your arse. God, Sherlock, it was so hot. I almost came on the spot. Had to think some bad thoughts not to just come in your mouth immediately.” John’s body trembled and he rested his head on Sherlock’s chest. “Fuck, Sherlock, I hope you’re almost there. I am. Nearly. I was still quite army when we first did this, wasn’t I? A bit of a dick waver. I wanted you to think I was a good lover. So I just shut my eyes. And all this time, you thought I was thinking of someone else. As if feeling my come leaking out of your backside wasn’t the hottest thing I could’ve thought of.”
“Stephen Daniels… He sounds familiar.”
It was, at worst, a ten-minute journey by road from Baker Street, but this had taken half of that time. Sherlock was glad the journey was over. The Ambulance Tech opened up the back doors. For the first time, he seemed to notice Sherlock.
“Bugger off, John.”
“Ooh, do you promise?”  John rinsed out the conditioner.   When he’d finished, Sherlock rose rather unsteadily to his feet.
“Oh,” John replied.  “We thought it might be a bit trickier to get you to talk than that.”
“We’re meeting Lestrade at Langridge’s tomorrow, John,” Sherlock said.  “Charles Langridge has agreed to let us in while they’re closed for cleaning.   We need to go somewhat incognito, but there’s little we can do until then.  I thought we might head home?”
“Do you think you could have a wee now?”
Sonny smirked. “Of course.”
The yell killed the moment.  Somewhere in the bowels of the building, John heard a voice. Was it Simon?
an unmistakable arse.”  He looked over at Rosie who was talking into her empty cup.
Charles looked to Lestrade. “Surely that’s not necessary, Detective Inspector?”
“As you know, John and I are to put ourselves in some danger by taking part in an undercover operation to discover the Marquês’ drug mule,” Sherlock began.  “We’ve now discovered Tyler’s business partner dead.  Not only that, but we found this in his office.”  Sherlock flicked a photograph at Mycroft.  He caught it one-handed.
“But I want you,” Sherlock said, suddenly serious. “I’ve always wanted you.”
Sherlock sucked in each breath hard. He ran his hands up John’s thighs.
“I still consider…” Sherlock started. Did he want to reanimate his old lie?
“Addee?”  Rosie asked.
“Yes. Anyway, my head hit his nose.”
“I hate you. Mycroft.”
Lyrics: https://genius.com/Stevie-wonder-superwoman-where-were-you-when-i-needed-you-lyrics
“Is this about Peter?”  Nathan lifted his chin in defiance.  “Mark laughed it off, but I did hear it all, you know.”
“Are you ready for more?”
“He’s not even remotely important.” Sherlock caught John’s eye.
The journey to the nearest NHS hospital wasn’t far but, predictably, Mycroft made it faster. They were driving as if there was little, if any, traffic on the congested London streets. It was obvious almost immediately, that this wasn’t a normal journey.
“Thank you.  Now, if you will excuse me, I need to be debriefed myself on what information I can share. For now, Mr Tyler is merely a suspect. In the interim, Detective Lestrade, might I ask that you allow Sherlock and John to speak to Piero Fibonacci tomorrow? I think the conversation might prove fruitful.”
“I know,” John said. He soaped Sherlock’s chest, down his abdomen and into his groin with care. For a few moments, they stood under the spray and looked at each other.  Sherlock put his hands either side of John’s head and kissed him with every ounce of love he could muster. When Sherlock drew back, John’s eyes remained shut and he smiled.  Sherlock studied his face intensely.  John’s eyes opened.
John sat in the lobby on the staircase a few feet from where he tried to save Jason’s life. Lestrade had already informed him that Jason was announced dead by the HEMS doctor before the ambulance left scene. He looked around at the panelled walls and across the marble floor. The chandelier above his head was reflected in the congealed pool of Jason’s blood.
https://www.coco-de-mer.com/products/coco-de-mer-enraptured-figment-massage-oil-100ml/
“I wouldn’t have been able to choose if you’d left it to me.”
“Ah, ah.” John rolled forward and Sherlock took his hands.  His body spasmed around Sherlock’s cock.  John’s head lolled.   “You need to take over,” John said.  “Take what you need.”
Glittering, beaded strings of precome connected the head of Fabian’s dick to the white bed sheets.
“Oh, any minute then.  That’s good.”
“Agreed.” Sherlock climbed out of the bath. A thought occurred to him. “Have you given a lot of blow-jobs?”
“Ta.” John took a sweet. Someone thumped on the cab door behind him.   And again.  And they screamed out various colourful curses.  Several others shouted, then the sound of footsteps.  “I don’t want to scare you, but he’s got a gun.”
Sherlock was still taking his pulse. His eyes were closed. He was worried that his brain might begin to dribble out of his ears.
“Now?” Sherlock whispered. John nodded almost imperceptibly.
"What do you think about marriage?" John heart beat hard in his chest.  "You and me. Y'know?"
“Sounds good to me,” Sally replied.
John rolled a compliant Sherlock over onto his back.  “I want to make you scream,” he whispered.  “I want to love every inch of you.”  He nuzzled at Sherlock’s neck and gently nipped the skin.
The woman used a key-card to gain entrance to the back rooms.  In front of them was a series of doors, many of which were open. These were the review suites.  Beyond the corridor was another door which led through to the boxes.   They located number 342 from one of the corridors of steel lockers.  The locker required both Tyler’s key and a key held by the woman to open. When the door of the locker was opened, the contents inside were sealed into a long, steel box.  The woman took the box and her visitors to one of the suites and, finally, left Sherlock and John alone.
“And the money laundering?”
Without doubt, Sherlock felt wounded. His Omega was supposed to be desperate for him, not ordering him around and forcing trivialities like eating upon him. However, he also knew that John Watson was a force of nature and, like all such forces, he was uncontrollable by man, small child, or woman. Sherlock sat down and picked up his toast. His wet skin slid around on the wooden chair.
“Already on my way,” Sherlock replied.   He didn’t hang up.  John heard him running.
“Next door, having a nap,” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock imagined John’s sharp, pink little tongue at this entrance and one thrust in just the right spot did the rest. Sherlock came in what seemed like a torrent against John’s body. He held John’s body as his hips fucked up into him through his aftershocks. And that was when John came too, the moisture spread between them, and John’s body trembled. John’s lips were back on Sherlock’s and the kiss said so many dangerous things.
John kissed him.  “More than that.  I think that we ought to think about making that formal, you know.  If something happened to me, I’d want you to look after her.”
From now on, I'm going to try and post on a WEDNESDAY (Not Tuesday as I previously stated) and a Saturday. I'm posting early this week because I have an exciting agenda of domestic drudgery planned for tomorrow. Lucky me.  Who knows, maybe there is a floor under all those muddy dog footprints.
John’s skin flushed pink.  “Hello you.”  He grabbed Sherlock’s hips and pull them back towards him.  “I like the feel of you against me.”  He rolled his hips.  “Please?”
Sherlock went quiet.  "Sleep?" He suggested.
“I have a responsibility to keep him safe,” Mycroft replied.  “The Marquês is not happy that we have Mark Tyler and, should he discover that Tyler is a Europol agent, the construction of a case eight years in the making would be utterly destroyed.  Though I appreciate that Dr Watson requires answers, it’s important that we protect Mr Tyler.”
He stroked his cock with firm, steady strokes. “Stop thinking you’ll break me and just do it. Please, Sherlock.”
Sherlock bore down and nodded when strange turned to something more.  John’s fingers only ghosted over his prostate, but it was enough.
“Please,” John whimpered after a while. Sherlock stroked John’s cock faster, with more intent, and John cried out with each thrust.
“Bullshit,” John replied. “It’s not giving me you, is it?” And that was the problem. John couldn’t deny that the machine,
“No!” Sherlock yelled.  If Matthews had known who Tyler was, he could be a crucial figure in the case.  With him gone, breaking into Doubles had been a waste of time.  He walked back out of the office and pulled his phone out of his pocket. He quickly texted Lestrade and turned to face John who was stood with a hanky over his nose.   “So, he’s been dead for at least 24 hours.  Why did no one notice?”
“Can you tell me what he looked like?” Lestrade asked.
John steadily stretched Sherlock’s entrance until he was able to painlessly press the prostate massager inside.  He lubed up the toy and then started to slip it into Sherlock’s body.
Middle-aged, orange in hue, overweight and wearing a toupee, Kevin Candlar was accompanied by his Shih Tzu, Jessica.
order takeaway,” Sherlock replied. “I think you deserve the first of the hot water.”
“Would you ask him if he noticed whether Brandon or anyone else at Langridge’s seemed nervous?”
“Yeah, I’m getting that,” Lestrade replied. “Listen, just remember that he’s been grieving and all that stuff. He might not be over Mary and he’s a single dad, and then he’s realised that he’s in love with you. I mean, he says he doesn’t know but he is. I know it and you do, don’t you?”
“Unclear, though the Marquês is furious. He hasn’t got a second in command. I tried to fill the gap. Then you idiots arrested me.”
John blinked a few times at the name. To him, Tyler’s sister was Mary and his daughter was Rosie.  It hadn’t occurred to him that Tyler would know her under a different name. “Yes, yes please,” he replied.
“Tell me.”
Livonia Street was a narrow alley that led onto a narrow road that stopped abruptly in front of a white building.  As they neared the door, an entry phone was visible.  Sherlock swiped a black card underneath the speaker and a grey door swung open.  They were in.
Sherlock’s eyes had involuntarily opened wide to look up at the black lightbulb through checked fabric. If John had been there, he certainly wouldn’t have called Sherlock baby or honey. Out of character. Sherlock’s arousal had faded, but he waited for Ian to grunt his release, even though the splatter of semen on his skin made him shudder. Sherlock felt dirty. Guilty. Tarnished.
Lestrade looked through the two-way mirror and raised his eyebrows.
“Less than twenty-four-hours in and the romance is dead,” John said. His voice and expression showed clear amusement.
“Me too. I went on a tour with me mum. She likes the Queen. D’you want a Fruit Pastille?”
John turned towards Sherlock, who was half hidden behind the door. “Hell of a day,” he said in croaky tones.
A cord swished as it went around Sherlock’s neck and he jammed his fingers beneath.  Above him, he spotted a familiar pair of feet.  Sherlock dropped to his knees and he saw John jump over him.   Murphy flew backwards when John hit him. Rather than be choked by the cord, Sherlock threw his body back too.  The thin garrotte brushed harmlessly upwards, over his face and head.  Sherlock turned to see Murphy balanced on the edge of the fire escape railing.  His body tipped backwards but not before John grabbed one of Murphy’s arms and Reid the other.
Sherlock’s words brushed John’s collarbone and he held him there for a few featherlight kisses. Then Sherlock’s fingers were between his legs and achingly slowly pressing in and in and in. John cried out as the gentle pressure nudged against his prostate.
Sherlock’s skin seemed to blaze with cold fire in response. His heart rate changed. Instead of focusing on the people around them, Sherlock was trapped inside a body desperate for release.
. His cock throbbed, and he surreptitiously rubbed it against the leather of Sherlock’s chair.   He quickened his movements; his jaw ached, his chin was covered in spit and he wanted to feel Sherlock come in his mouth.  John looked up. Sherlock’s legs twitched and his chest heaved. He met John’s gaze with heavy-lidded eyes.  His teeth dug into his bottom lip. He came with a gasp.
“Mycroft ate all the cake, John.” Sherlock lifted the plate to sniff the crumbs.  “Madeira cake.  Mrs Hudson’s favourite.  I will have to inform her that you didn’t save any for her.”
“I can feel my spunk in you still,” John mused. “You’re sticky with it. I wish I could show you how good it feels to have an Alpha’s come inside you. But, you’re mine now. No Alpha sex for you.” John’s fingers felt cool on Sherlock’s overheated skin. Sherlock stroked John’s stomach, which was spattered with his own release. “I think we’re going to need the bed clothes changed again.”
“Tea, yes.” Sherlock walked over to the mirror over the fireplace, where he and John knew there was a bug. “Mycroft is even more annoying than I ever thought possible.”
“Does he love you?”
“This dish won’t come clean at all if I don’t wash it tonight,” John replied.  Sherlock’s cock twitched against him.  “You did tests on pasta bake pans after that case in Wimbledon. You know it goes rock solid.”
John knew he was in control.  Everything about Sherlock’s response made John want and
Sally chewed her lip.  “Look, if Sherlock can get them, there are tiny radios and mics that you could wear.  That way, if you get carried away and I think you’ve gone a bit far, I can tell you to calm down.”
The undercover operation at Langridge's, and it's aftermath.
John lifted his head. His glistening lips curved into a smile. “Struggling a little, are we?”
“I’m guessing she didn’t have a penis.”
“I’ve never had that before,” Sherlock said. “Wank material. Is that the phrase? More, John, more. You’re the one I think of. Always the one I think of. Is it wrong to tell you that masturbating to that memory might have kept me sane? I think it did.” Sherlock’s head rolled back, exposing the expanse of his white throat. The maddening touch of John against him, the embrace of pleasure, was as good as opiates and no doubt as maddening in its temporary high. “Oh, yes, harder now, harder. Please. I’m sure when it was happening that you were thinking of something else. You kept your eyes closed. I don’t care if you were thinking about a woman. I don’t care, John. Just don’t ever tell me.”
Sherlock stood and turned off the mic.  This case was full of deflection and lies.  He left the room and texted Mycroft.  Stephen Daniels was the murderer. He knew it.
So there we are, this is the end. For my part, I'm maybe halfway through writing the follow-up, 'Nothing to Lose, so it's going to be a while. In the interim, I'm going to write some short fics, so I'm not disappearing for six months. :-)  However, most of the thanks below to you for reading and commenting.  I'd heard that Sherlock fandom was a tough nut to crack and that it might even be dead... I've not found it that way at all, and that's all because of you lot.  <3 <3 <3
However, eighteen hours later, Sherlock was awoken by John shaking him violently. It was eight in the evening and John smelt
“Well, this is getting ridiculous.” John lifted his hand to inspect his fingernails. “Did I tell you I’d paid your gas bill?”
“Talking helps with the deduction. It’s why John is so valuable to me. So, for heaven’s sake, just tell me.”
“If I’m going to look at and clean your injuries, it makes sense for me to just stay in here,” John reasoned. “Of course, if you want to play the blushing virgin then…”
It wasn’t until they were in the water and John leant back against Sherlock’s chest that he spoke.
“The first three are police officers,” Lestrade admitted. “They’re numpties. I told them not to come in all at once.”
Sherlock lifted John’s hips a little. Sherlock lined himself up and slowly, millimetre by millimetre eased himself inside John’s body.
Charles Langridge was seventy-eight years of age and almost as round as he was tall.   His teeth were stained and looked worn. He had a close-cropped beard and a thick sweep of grey hair atop his head.  His suit looked expensive and his shoes were polished and pristine. He wore a gold chain dangling from his waistcoat, presumably linked to a pocket watch.  He didn’t look nervous.  John wondered whether Mycroft had made a deal with Scotland Yard for Charles’ sake too.
John stuck his head in the bathroom cabinet and pulled out a specimen jar and some testing strips.
Sherlock looked at Lestrade.  He had ginger cat hairs on his left trouser leg, which indicated he’d stayed at his sister’s house last night.  From the way he jiggled his hands, Lestrade was attempting to stop smoking again.  From the coffee stain on his tie and the food stain on his cuff, Lestrade had been on duty since this morning. Sherlock predicted he would give in and smoke a cigarette within the hour.
“Mate, you’re attractive, fit, smart and you’ve got a lovely cock. What’s not to want?”
“You shit.” John shook his head, but his lips quirked into a smile. “Your tights are ripped, you’re favouring your left side and your knuckles are bruised and split. Knuckles before or after the shower?”
“You fuckers,” yelled the pole dancer. He fell off the back of the stage.
Sherlock was puzzled. John had insisted that they return to Baker Street without having picked up Rosie first.  He’d made lunch and then sat, looking tense, until the doorbell rang and he bolted downstairs. When he returned, he was accompanied by Nathan Drake.
“Greg wanted me to give him a minute with Sherlock,” Sally said.  “I hate to say it, but his idea is the best we’ve got.”
“What is this about?” Nathan said. “May I ask that?”
“That’s the one!  Well, Keith Candlar hosts that show.”
“I mean in terms of prep,” Sherlock explained. “I’m worried about fitting since you’re not in heat.”
“John,” Sherlock ground out. He was close already and he was too damn tired to care if John thought he was unmanly for coming so fast. “Your voice.”
John nodded.  “C’mon,” he said to Rosie and led her into the living room.  “You sit on the sofa and I’ll fetch you some juice.” He went to the kitchen with the shopping bags and brought Rosie a drink, then walked over to Sherlock.  He put the palm of his hand on Sherlock’s lower back.  “Tea?”
“How do you feel?” John walked back to the bed, slipped off his jacket and shoes and crawled in next to Sherlock.
Rosie squealed and yelled, “Fucks!” John pretended not to notice.   Sherlock walked over and handed John a white, paper box.  Inside was cheesecake. The smell of lime and coconut drifted up from the box.
Sherlock shook his head. He looked down and his voice was quiet when he next spoke. “No. I see it as something I’ve always wanted.”
“Sit at the tap end,” Sherlock said. “I’ll rub your feet.”
“Are you sure you want me to try?” Sherlock asked when he could speak again.
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock agreed. He opened the kitchen door and ushered John through.  “Let’s find Matthews.
“Oh, Oh.” Sherlock’s eyes fluttered.  John pressed his lips against Sherlock’s throat and, quite suddenly, the excitement in his belly jumped and he found himself of the verge of orgasm.
“It’s an Omega chair.” Sherlock grinned. “I haven’t seen one in some time. Had a case once where a lady had hers stolen and, of course, I was able to return it. She paid me incredibly well. Said the chair was better than her husband and cheaper to run."
“Right,” John said. “Give me your hand.” Sherlock lifted his hand, palm up and waited for John to dribble the slick liquid into his palm. John then tipped lube onto Sherlock’s crotch and into his own hand. He capped the bottle and threw it on the bed, then rolled on top of Sherlock.
Sherlock took a deep breath.  When he reached for his coat, his hand revealed a slight tremor.  “Let’s go,” he said.
“Well, just because I haven’t found Mycroft’s cameras doesn’t mean they’re not there.”
John held up his hands. “Fair enough. Mutual wank?”
Sherlock inhaled a deep breath.
“Your dick’s getting hard.”
“Then we can do something else.”
They walked back out into the main corridor, then took the door on the right. Again, there were three doors that led from the right-hand wall.   All three rooms were small; the first and the third included two-way mirrors that faced a central space which housed a large bed.
It was two in the morning when John woke Sherlock.  The bed was crunchy and unpleasant. Sherlock realised his bladder was full when he heard John pee.  A quiet, naked debate decided that between an unpleasant bed or showers, damp flannels and clean sheets won out.
John nodded. “Best get you washed then.” He put his hand on Sherlock’s head and pushed him beneath the water. Sherlock sat back up with a splutter and a moan and waterfall of exhaled suds.  John grabbed the shampoo. That hurt. John pretended it didn’t. He trickled shampoo into his palm, rubbed his hands together and then rubbed them over Sherlock’s head. He then spent four minutes giving Sherlock a mohawk, a kiss-curl and then a Mr Whippy swirl and point. John dashed out to get his phone. By the time he was back, Sherlock had rinsed away the evidence.
“You might deduce that I got lost on my way to my bedroom and all my clothes fell off in a freak button-bursting incident.”
John didn’t have the strength to panic. He looked at Sherlock, who blushed a little, nodded and pulled Rosie closer to his chest as he climbed aboard.
John nodded. Sherlock would hate today but John knew he’d hate Daniels to get away with what he did even more.  John followed Donovan to have his statement taken and Sherlock stayed with Lestrade.
John nodded and introduced Charles to Sherlock.  They appraised each other coldly.
“Well, we’re going to have your heat together and then, afterwards, what will happen?” Sherlock shrugged and spread his hands wide as if this would, somehow, make his question clearer.
“Please lock the door to this room behind me. We’ll buzz when we have more news and you can tell us whether it’s appropriate for us to enter or not.” Dr Marshall looked at John, then put her hand on his arm. “My patient is Mr Holmes, but also you, by proxy. If you need anything, it’s possible. Just ask.”
“A little,” Sherlock whispered.  “I want you. I love you.”
“Shall I wash myself?” Sherlock asked.
There, without the intoxicating red mist of the Alpha, Sherlock found pure bliss, surrounded by John Watson, inside and out. Their conjoined scent spiralled into the air between them. Sherlock Holmes, the great detective, dismissed love as a weakness, but he wasn’t able to disregard the chemistry of his and John’s essence, which merged and made them both something different, something new. Sherlock met John’s eye, licked his own palm and took John’s cock in his hand. Seamlessly, he picked up John’s rhythm and Sherlock’s knot swelled as their words became broken, formless cries.
The next thing Sherlock felt was a tender push, no pain, no drama, just a warm pressure in and in. When John was balls-deep Sherlock’s cock thickened in response. His arousal was maddening. An Alpha being fucked by an Omega had a ripple of deviancy that stirred Sherlock so much he dared not think of John coming inside him lest he lose control.
“Nothing.”
“It is a story older than Rome: to love someone that you cannot save. I will always love him.”
I'm off to attend a writing workshop run by a vicar.  It pleases me that I've posted porn beforehand.
“Mister Holmes, it has come to our attention that you and your colleague have played a crucial role in the arrest of the Marquês de Flora.”
,” Fabian replied.  “And who are you, Mr policeman?”
Sherlock staggered on legs that really didn’t want to work to the bathroom.  He was accompanied by John who took two steps, then clutched him for support.  When they reached the shower, John leant against the wall and let Sherlock wash his hair and body. Sherlock carefully cleaned John’s cock, which gave a hopeful twitch but remained limp.  John turned at Sherlock’s request and moaned as his bum was soaped clean.
“Jean, did I make you believe I enjoyed spending time with you?”
“Can I come in?”
“Gah, yes,
Mycroft Holmes knew he wasn’t popular when he walked into 221B Baker Street.  Even Mrs Hudson looked at him as if he had done something unpleasant in her slipper.  However, he’d promised to bring the equipment needed for the drugs bust with him.  Since the loan of the equipment wasn’t entirely official, it was best that he delivered it himself.
“No, it isn’t.” John sighed.  “You know what I said to Piero that I loved you and you died and then Mary and then you saved me?”
“Then we’ll tell you what we need, just like you told me what you needed last night.  You won’t be perfect all the time, John. Neither will I. Neither will Rosie.  I suspect we’ll have to just work on it together.”
“Isn’t it brilliant?”  John jumped up and down and giggled at his rubber cock swinging around with gay abandon.
“Do you have any reason to think Matthews was capable of this?” Sherlock asked. His face was a picture of excitement. John caught his eye and raised an eyebrow.
“Okay,” Nathan said with a smirk. “When I was younger, going up the Heath was just what you did.  I learned quick what a long look meant, a touch or a double tap on the arm.  But one of the rules of cruising was that if you’re noisy, you’re telling other people that you want ‘em to watch or take part, yeah?  So, my suggestion is to stay pretty quiet.”
“I helped design the system myself,” she said in a soft and lilting Scottish accent.  She explained that the software issued an invoice as soon as the customer’s name and needs were entered.   “It means that Simon and dear Jason, God rest his soul, would simply give the customer their invoice and receipt immediately.  A lot of our clients don’t want the paperwork, but we keep their copies if they don’t take them. I run a tight ship, Mr Holmes.”
Sherlock looked at John. The EpiPen was unused on the floor. John concentrated on CPR. His own intervention. No rescue breaths. John was panicking. Rosie. Mary. Rosie.
“Not important?  He’s just lost the person he loved and he’s not important?”   John stood and grabbed his coat from the arm of the settee.  “Sometimes, I really dislike being around you two.” John Watson walked out of the flat and down the stairs.
So ferocious was John’s release that his spunk decorated his own stomach, chest and even chin with glossy fluid. And, as John came, his body spasmed around Sherlock who tried, for a while, to continue. The aim was fruitless. Sherlock came with John’s body still clenched around him.
“John’s your friend. He doesn’t hate you."
Sherlock gave Mycroft that look. The absolute
A door creaked open in Sherlock’s mind palace.
Sherlock had to agree. Sex between him and John was intense but this consumed him. With his body in control, Sherlock’s mind simply centred to the part of him that was inside John and connected them. From his prone position, John’s eyes blazed and followed every move Sherlock made. Sherlock couldn’t look away. London may have been around them, but it seemed a million miles away from the small world of John and Sherlock’s bed.
Sherlock nodded and looked out onto the London streets. The roads were busy, but Mycroft’s driver was using side streets where he could until they needed to join Park Lane. “Where are we going?”
“Are you sure, John?” Sherlock asked. “Even more than your heat, this changes things. It changes us.”
John stood outside 221 Baker Street and paced.  He was tired and fed up of the bloody Holmes’.  They didn’t mean to be so callous; John had accepted it as a side-effect of genius years ago.   There was no malice meant and, generally, John ignored them.  But John Watson knew what Simon felt, because John Watson knew grief.
Mycroft looked at John, who nodded.  “For God’s sake, eat some cake,” Mycroft said at last. He picked up a piece of Battenberg from the plate and took a big bite.
“But it also means that there’s a way to pass messages that might be found. I wonder if Jason was involved in that. He may not have even known he was doing it, of course.” Sherlock paused.  “John, we need to speak to Lestrade.”
“You speak so honestly about him, and yet, you’re here because of him, aren’t you?  Fabian told you he killed Thomas.”  Sherlock leaned back in his chair.  Piero closed his eyes for almost five seconds. He took a deep breath, sobbed and tried to regain his composure.  “Let me tell you what I think happened and then you can tell me if I’m right.  Fabian arrived on your doorstep in the middle of the night and told you he’d killed Zach Thomas accidentally. He may have classed it as a sex-game gone wrong, or just some man he’d met at a party.  He told you that he’d left the body in a graveyard to try and convince the police that there was a copycat killer taking the MO of Stephen Port.”
John paused.  “No one leaves!”
“He’s gorgeous, Charles,” Tyler said.  “I think he’ll do very nicely indeed.”   He peeled off his robe and dropped it to the floor.   Fabian ripped open a packet, put a condom in his mouth and rolled it onto Tyler with his lips.  “Fuck, yes.”
“Cold,” Sherlock complained softly. It might’ve been more believable if he hadn’t whimpered and thrust up into John’s smooth hands.
Sherlock stood and swooped his coat around his shoulders. “I’m sure I really don’t know what you’re suggesting with that comment, Detective Inspector.”
“I’m going for a fag,” Lestrade announced. “You could cut the sexual tension in here with a bloody rolling pin. Try not to be in that bed by the time I get back.” He motioned to the bed pit.
“Why would I care, Sherlock? I know it’s enough to be a bit uncomfortable. Do I need to know more?”
“Look, Mark’s just a businessman and I know the fact he’s married and all that is odd, but his wife, Les, she’s cool about it. Now that’s a woman who really doesn’t like anal. I don’t think you can overestimate the affection in their relationship. But, sexually, Mark likes men and that means that I’m an important person in their lives.  Les and I go out for drinks at least once a week and we talk on the phone regularly.”
“John, use it if you need it.” Sherlock’s eyes were so gorgeously blue and unguarded in this cold, sterile room. He looked pale and his nose looked puffy and bruised, but his dick expressed some interest in the proceedings. Sherlock noticed John’s eyeline and gave John a grim smile. “They told me I shouldn’t. Not until they know if whether I’ve got concussion or anything else.”
“Enough now, hmm?” John asked against Sherlock’s neck.
“Smooth.” John leant back a little, so he could brace his hands against Sherlock’s thighs. He clenched around every upstroke and his efforts were rewarded by Sherlock’s mouth dropping open on each and every one. Sherlock was close.  Time to up the ante. John sat up again and started to rub his come over the skin of Sherlock’s abdomen.
“Well, if that’s all sorted then, Sherlock, I’ll go get Rosie and we’ll have some breakfast, shall we?”
“The one from Mycroft’s fraud case? Fucking hell.”
“I think so,” John said. He took a mouthful of his dinner, but it turned out to be too big a mouthful and John almost choked and only just managed to swallow it down. “Eat some food first.” John’s voice sounded as if he’d just swallowed a breeze block. All the same, John winked and licked sauce from his lips.
“We take in all the money and take a percentage of the fee for the room hire.  I understand that many of the workers charge more, or less, money, depending on how much their company is valued.”
Sherlock crumpled the letter and was about to throw the damn thing across the room when his phone rang. Lestrade.  It was Sunday; it was worth answering.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice was quiet. Sherlock was on his way back from the bathroom when he heard him. “Please.” Sherlock rushed back through to his bedroom to find John on the bed, arse in the air, with all four fingers in his rear end. “It came on suddenly,” John said. “Need you.”
“It can’t be that hard,” Sherlock replied. He crossed his arms and sat on the bed.
Stephen Daniels stared at the spy and his cover story, or whatever the brat was.  They’d boarded the train at Guildford.   The spy pretended not to see him.  But Stephen saw him.  An internal voice he vaguely recognised as rational told him to stay calm. It was all okay.
“I did not know,” Piero replied.   His shoulders straightened.  His eyes opened wider.  He breathed easier.  “Shall I tell you what Candlar threatened me with?”
Sherlock took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. “I’ll try.”
“We need to have a routine,” Sherlock suggested.
Sherlock’s mind flickered up a picture on the porn screen.
Madame Jojo’s was a legendary burlesque/cabaret/comedy/music club in Soho in London. It’s apparently reopening in 2018.
Nathan shook his head.  “Really, bitch? You wanna throw this shit at me now?”
“Balls.”
“Lube, lube, lube,” John urged between kisses. They both bent over and started to scrabble through the robes to find the bottle.  They giggled as they worked until Sherlock found it and they both cheered in hushed whispers.  John dropped his pants and Sherlock dropped to his knees.  He licked the head of John’s cock and took it into his mouth.  Sherlock moaned as the tang of precome hit his tongue.  He broke away to squirt lube onto his fingers.
Sherlock and John interview Mark Tyler, the suspect who turned out to work for Europol.  They also find a key clue and Sherlock's solution to a problem doesn't go down entirely well with John.
“Fuck, harder!” Fabian yelled.  “Get your cock in me!”
“Afternoon,” he said as he walked towards John and Sherlock.  He shook both of their hands. “Shall we go up to the monitoring room?”
“You call me a drama queen too,” Sherlock said.  “Maybe Fabian is more like me than I thought.”
“Is it disrespectful? To you. To us.”
“My apologies, Dr Watson, for my insensitivity,” Mycroft said.  “I’ll leave you now.  Please, return to Sherlock, he regrets what he said.”
“I don’t earn from them, I earn from renting a room, Mr Holmes.”
“If we leave this place now, does that mean neither of us have to sleep in the wet patch?”  John levered his body off of the bed.
“Hmmm.” Sherlock had a dark red carpet; semen was going to stain something awful. “If we work together, we could get to the bathroom.”
“I’m sure he’s fine, John.” Sherlock tapped John’s hand and he realised he’d been clutching Sherlock’s knee with some force.  “Look at his penis.”
“And you saw the value of it,” John said.  “And you helped Rosie and me see it.  Thank you.  That’s all.”   John stepped back.
Sherlock looked up at the ceiling.  He took a deep breath and then yelled, “Gah, Mycroft!”
Piero Fibonacci looked dazed.  His dark hair was dull and his olive skin looked pale. He looked unkempt.  Even though he’d met him only once before, Sherlock deduced that Piero was a man who cared about how he looked and presented himself. Therefore, his appearance was both a bad sign and a useful, illuminating one for Sherlock.
“And might we book time with Nathan like we did with you?”  Sherlock asked.
Sherlock slotted his leg behind John’s and, together, they stepped in.
“Don’t be,” Sherlock said as he flopped back down on the bed. “It was only fantastic because it stayed hard for ages. Yours is much nicer.” John’s mouth closed around Sherlock’s cock again and he hummed. Those little vibrations did amazing things. “He knew that I was interested in sex back then, so he sometimes withdrew it, or got halfway through and then wouldn’t touch me, or tied me up and wandered off for tea. Oh, do that again!” John had the perfect rhythm of up, suck, down going on, and then added in the occasional testicle fondle or some lovely pressure against Sherlock’s perineum. “He was an idiot. And once I found cocaine, and learned that as long as you bought the good stuff it’d never leave you high and dry, I switched allegiances.”
“I understand,” Sherlock said. He grasped John’s chin with shaky fingers.  “I’m sorry. Take all the time you need, John.”  The kiss Sherlock gave him was chaste and beautiful and John’s heart bled.  “Pyjamas. That’s what we need.”
“If you take sex out of the equation, it means nothing.” Sherlock’s hand was involuntarily slipping across the bed to his own cock. His eyes closed. He felt John move on the bed.
“John!  Fabian has feelings, you know.”
John remembered the story and his cock twitched.  He fully intended to act out that particular fantasy entirely for Sherlock one of these days.
John glanced over to the sofa.  He pictured Sherlock slouched with Rosie laid across his chest fast asleep.  Her regular, snuffly little breaths would have lulled Sherlock to sleep until the sun streamed in and they both felt the need for a morning drink.  It was funny that the one thing guaranteed to make the great, unrested Sherlock Holmes sleep was a tiny girl who was yet to reach her second birthday.
Despite the pain, John’s heat affected body had responded and he’d climaxed. The journey from physical assault to base physical release had taken a scathingly long time. Afterwards, wordless, John had climbed off the bed on burning legs and escaped to the bathroom.
The upper floor of Doubles was like a budget version of Langridge’s.  The rooms off the central corridor were all painted magnolia and had double beds covered in cheap, stained, beige sheets.   The bowls of condoms and lube freely available at Langridge’s were replaced at Doubles with garish condom machines in the rooms and hallways.
“You want to sleep?” John lifted his arm and looked at his new beloved. “Who are you and what have you done with Sherlock?”
“Great. Someone else who loves Fabian.  That’s all I need.” Sherlock crossed his arms.
Sherlock gritted his teeth.  “You speak about me?  Does John just come here for a chat, then?”
“Done a bit. Slept with some woman.  Not much.”
“I miss it too,” Sherlock mumbled. “But I also like fucking your husband.”
Sherlock’s heart fell through the floor. He grabbed a towel and concentrated on fixing it around his waist far too hard. “With who?”
Simon nodded.  Tears dripped off his chin and left wet patches on his shirt.
“You ought to see the wedge of cash my missus’ got. She used to work with Rosa. That’s how I met her,” Mark said.  “She knew we’d be a good match, even if it is mostly a professional relationship.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “She doesn’t do it anymore,” Mark said quickly.   “I promise.”
The slap of skin against skin echoed around the dark walls. The chest John lay on creaked and squeaked in sympathy. Sherlock heard hard breaths become grunts with each thrust and realised they were his.  His blunt nails dug into John’s skin and he clamped his teeth around his lower lip.  Sherlock knew his body had taken over; his transport was in control. His head rocked on his shoulders as his hips pistoned in and out.  Everything tightened and spiralled into a terrific climax that weakened his entire system.
“Yes.”
“Is there any point in recording in those rooms?   They’re pitch black,” asked John.
“You do now,” Sherlock said.  “I met Fabian, remember?”  He squeezed John’s knee.
a child.”
“Lockers?” Sherlock heard the frustration in his own voice.
“Was this the room you were in?” Sherlock’s voice trailed off when his phone emitted a text message alert.
The edges of Sherlock’s vision fuzzed into hazy-red and he shook his head to clear it. Sherlock would not let the frenzy of a heat-induced rut to take over and, potentially lead him to hurt John. All the same, within a few strokes, he knew that his hips were taking orders from John’s body and John’s body alone. Their fast fuck was punctuated by only the sounds of slick slaps as skin kissed skin. With every stroke, John made an ‘ah’ sound and, for Sherlock, it was music, poetry, and an aphrodisiac all in one.  His knot started to form.
Sherlock strode into the locker room. He opened his locker and touched the hem of his Belstaff that he’d rolled into the metal box.  Sherlock hoped the familiar would centre him. Unbidden, he thought of Rosie and of the way her face lit up when she saw John or him.   He tamped down the thought and looked over at John who’d emerged from the loo door in the corner of the room.  Sherlock took a deep breath and calmed his breathing. Someone walked into the locker room behind him and Sherlock slammed the locker door shut.  They were on.
“Well that’s hardly making me hard.” Sherlock crossed his legs and arms.  “Someone who sounds like they can’t be bothered to want you is perhaps the least erotic thing there is.”
“Best not,” Sherlock took the cuffs from John, slapped them around Fabian’s wrists and pulled him to his feet.
“I think the best toys are really smooth ones,” Nathan added. “None of that rubbish with the veins or things carved like dolphins or whatever. Just a nice, smooth butt toy is fine with me.”
“Ew.”
John was dressed all in black.   That meant wearing the bloody combat trousers again, but so be it.  The cool metal of his gun against his back calmed him.  Sherlock wore black too.  John decided he looked like a sex ninja.  He was very pleased that Sherlock had worn his Belstaff so no one but John saw his arse in those trousers.
“That was the most unsatisfying orgasm I have ever had,” John said. “I’ve got to have you, Sherlock. Fuck the last mouthful.
John looked at Sherlock.  He remembered Matthews being mentioned as the owner of Doubles. He and Mark were supposed to be friends, or at least colleagues, since Tyler owned shares in the club.
“Unless you’re still struggling with self-control, Sherlock, I need you to just fuck me,” John said.
“Of course. I would never hurt you, John,” Sherlock said, and bloody hell his expression was so earnest John’s heart
Fabian led Sherlock and Lestrade to the room.  Sherlock used the time to study Bouchard.  From the scuffs at the back of Fabian’s trousers, he struggled to make ends meet despite working for a prestigious brothel. His shoes were polished but worn. His shirt was a Lyle and Scott rip-off rather than the real thing. From the state of Fabian’s nails and the slight tremor in his hands, he was a nervous man. Drug use? Possible. It was likely he used his abilities in the sexual arts to hide his social discomfort.  Sherlock made a mental note to find out how much the employees earned at the brothel.
“I need you to come back to the flat,” John said. Even speech hurt. “Now. Mrs Hudson’s gone out, there’s no one to look after Rosie. I need an ambulance.”
John thought back to Sherlock telling him that Mary had bestowed a value on his life that he didn’t know how to spend.
“You missed out the part where Daniels contacted me,” Piero replied.  “He told me enough about Thomas so that I could take the blame.  He sent Candlar to me too.”
Proofed as always by Lockedinjohnlock who is also responsible for the joke at the end of the story.   Other mistakes and possibly poorer gags are my gig.
“While me and Greg watch, at the most,” Sally replied. “And it’s on night-vision, which isn’t that clear anyway. Course, Europol might need the video.”
“You know, right, that I haven’t had one for a while?” John didn’t turn around and didn’t take his eyes from the mugs he was filling with boiling water.
“We could stand,” John suggested.
“We never talk about this,” John said. Sherlock lifted his head. John was walking away.
“He’s moved Mark Tyler,” Sherlock said. He followed John to the kitchen. “Some nonsense about security threats.”
“The next person in is Jamie,” John said. “He works here.” John did not say that he saw Jamie before Fabian had arrived at Langridge’s.   “Don’t know the next one. One after him works here too. I don’t know his name. Behind him is Sonny, who you’ve met.”
“I never really went in there,” John said. “Simon gave me a tour of the club when I joined. I remember it because it was like the rooms they used in army training to disorientate you. The only bit which is truly blackout is the central bit with the sex swing. Apparently, it’s an arse to get into the swing in the dark but people manage it.”
“You’re that Detective fella, aren’t you?” he asked. “Not dead then?”
“It’s okay,” John told him. “We’re at a private clinic and apparently, if I need it, there’s that thing.” John pointed to the blanketed seat. “I’ve never been more worried about a chair in my life.”
(Excuse the rugby metaphors.  I'd love to say it'll be the last, but... meh.)
Bodies glistening with sweat, they rutted together faster and faster. Sherlock dug his heels into the mattress and pushed his cock through John’s fist. Heat concentrated in the pit of Sherlock’s stomach and all rational thought crumbled.  The pleasure rounded in on him and he came with a cry, eyes closed and head thrown back against the bed.
John didn’t know whether to be happy or incredibly scared.
Sherlock pulled John’s shirt over his chest, climbed off his lap and drew the curtains. He then sat back on the bed and watched.  Nathan pulled the dildo through the fly of his trousers and stroked the fake dick.
“We’ll keep an eye on that tonight and over the next few days. I expect you to be honest when I ask you about it. Drink plenty of fluid in the meantime.”
“Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective.” He shook Fabian’s hand. Hard. “I’m not a policeman.”
Sherlock pumped a decent about of lube into his palm, sat back and wrapped one hand around his dick, the other around his balls. He sighed and closed his eyes. He’d managed to do this, once, handcuffed to a radiator, his crotch thrust forward below his constraints. It was familiar, this method of pleasure. It was the preferred, reliable way. When Sherlock opened his eyes again, John was sat in front of him, slowly stroking his own penis.
“It’s on its way,” Sherlock said.  “Mycroft confirmed. I’m here.”
“You were a mobster,” Sherlock said.  “How come you work for Europol now?”
“They made me an offer I couldn’t refuse. The Marquês was suspicious. It’s been a slow process to make it back into his circle.”
“I’m worried you might not be ready,” Sherlock said.
the murder had been committed that ensured Sherlock got out of bed to start with.
“Fuck me, fuck me,” John whispered under his breath. He seemed oblivious to everything. He dragged the sheets off the bed, mussed his own hair and even bit his fingers. He looked wrecked and that made Sherlock feel good about what he was doing. John had come undone.
, hit toe, sock off, bit cheesy, trousers off and John,
After this chapter, there's just four more to go.  *sniffs* No, you hang up!
“I’m sorry I didn’t wait longer,” John said.  “I worried it was indecent or something but God, Mary, I love him.”
“Come for me,” John whispered.   His eyes were only half-open, lost to the momentary shudders that still claimed him.  “I want to feel you come in me.”    Sherlock’s hips moved of their own accord as they bucked against John.  He wanted to look away, embarrassed by the emotion he knew he would show, but he couldn’t.   John squeezed tight around him and Sherlock was lost. He came with a hard thrust, his cock buried deep.  For a moment, everything was bright, roaring silence but, slowly, the sounds of his breath and John’s touch started to drift in.
Borderline horrified at the view before him, Sherlock almost missed the word John whispered in his ear.
Sherlock turned. “Front now.” He smiled.  “I’ll try, I promise.”
“Noma,” Rosie said knowledgably.
“You’ve got extraordinarily sensitive nipples,” John whispered.  “What if I do this?”
“How many men from Grindr do you know?”
Sherlock shrugged.  When he looked back at John, he noticed he’d only undone his top two buttons.  “Can I undress John, maybe?” Sherlock smoothed the placket of John’s shirt.  “We could help undress each other, but I’ve rushed ahead.”
“Not that,” John had mumbled. Mary probably hadn’t heard. His conscious mind struggled in the heat fog, the same fog that had taken hold of his body as it tried to accept the painful intrusion. John had screamed in pain.
“I only went once.” John started to button his shirt.  “I went with a mate. We ended up just getting off with each other. I learned nothing.”
“I want you to look for any books with notations, anything strange, papers shoved inside books, any hidden compartments,” Sherlock demanded.  “Go through the drawers then and look for money, links to Portugal, drugs, anything that makes you twitch.”
John’s hand smoothed over Sherlock’s, which was resting on John’s hip. “Intense?”
“How about we try and if it’s not good today, we’ll leave it.” John teased Sherlock’s nipples with his fingers. Whether this was a good day or not, John didn’t want Sherlock to become tense due to their conversation.  “No matter what, there are still lots of things I’d like to do with you, Sherlock.”
Lestrade’s eyebrows almost reached his hairline. Donovan giggled, and Sherlock was utterly silent. Too silent.
When John lived at 221B in the pre-Mary years, he indulged in sexual practices with his girlfriends.  By careful analysis of the sounds that emanated from his room during coitus, Sherlock had deduced that John was a successful and considerate lover.  Therefore, if he were to initiate a sexual relationship with John Watson, there was a good chance that Sherlock would be sexually satisfied by proceedings.   There was good evidence that John was capable of deep regard for those he loved. After all, few people voluntarily put up with Sherlock for as long as John Watson.  However, prior to Mary, John had been unable to maintain a long-term relationship.  After his marriage, he’d admitted to having an affair, albeit one stage-managed by Eurus and devoid of sexual intercourse.  So, what conclusion should Sherlock draw from these details?
“Mycroft told her I’d had unprotected sex with an Omega.” John helped Sherlock out of the bath. “Of course, she deduced it was you. Wanted to know when you were going to have a pregnancy test.”
“You’re tight, little man,” said Tyler.  “How do you stay so tight when you’re a whore, hmm?”   Tyler finger-fucked Fabian hard with three and then four digits.
Sherlock continued. “I don’t want people to see us have sex. As I said, this will be a sham. It will be a performance that you and I give. I don’t intend for what happens to truly reflect our sex life. That’s why, for example, I plan on deferring entirely to you. Lestrade pointed out that you were uncomfortable with the whole plan. As a result, I intend to give control over what happens to you. We will do only what you are comfortable with.  You’re in charge, John.”
“Um, it seems my nipples really are very sensitive.” Sherlock blushed.  John looked up and licked his lips. He wriggled a little in Sherlock’s lap and smiled when Sherlock’s eyes closed.
“John,” Sherlock said. His arms trembled. Without a second thought, John wedged one foot against the bed and tipped them over. “John?” Sherlock’s eyes widened with surprise. John sat up a little, wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s dick, and led it back to his hole. He sank down, down until his balls brushed Sherlock’s thighs.
John walked around him. “I want to wash your back first,” he said.  “Even with the scars, I love your back. I think it’s because I watch it so much when you stride off and leave me at crime scenes.”  Sherlock chuckled.   When John got to his backside, he slipped his soapy fingers between Sherlock’s cheeks. He tensed.  John yelped.  He took a few deep breaths.  “We really need to work on relaxing you when it comes to your arse.”
John groaned and sat up, walked around the bed and went through Sherlock’s drawer. He took out a bottle of Langridge’s lube and then crawled back onto the bed.
“I love him.” Sherlock never knew why he’d said it or why he’d decided he needed to talk.  “I’ve always loved him. He’s my best friend.”
“God, yes, yes.” John bucked up into Sherlock’s hand and then back against the vibrator.    “More, more, please, more.”  Sherlock leant forward and guided the dripping head of John’s cock between his lips.  The salty bitterness spread on his tongue and he sucked hard.  “I’m almost there, love.”
John’s laughter had turned to tears of hilarity.
Sherlock felt John pull the vibrator out and he rolled sideways.  John collapsed next to him.  With his last coherent thought, Sherlock pulled John close and just breathed.
John lifted his head and felled Sonny with a classic rugby ankle-tap.  Sherlock leapt from the sofa and brought down Murphy metres shy of the exit.   He heard Lestrade shout in his ear but focused on trying to get control of the wriggling Murphy, whose legs were splayed beneath his chest.  Sherlock needed to change grip.  When he did, Murphy kicked Sherlock in the sternum.  Sherlock cried out in pain. Unable to stop himself, he let go and felt, rather than saw, someone clamber over him.  He looked up to see the tattooed leg of Jamie Reid disappear out of the exit behind Murphy.
Sherlock had simply raised an eyebrow. “Don’t be absurd.” Downstairs, he’d grabbed his packet of Alpha condoms, thrown off his coat and toed off his shoes. When he got back to the bedroom, Ian had been on his knees with two fingers in his arse.
“Well, it’s going to be. You might end up with some extensive facial bruising, but there’s nothing broken. Your scans look fine. There’s no reason to think you have concussion. So, I want you both to have something more to eat and drink. Someone will be along in a few moments to take you down to one of our lounges. After that, if you wish to return home, we’ll arrange transportation. Otherwise, you can stay here for the remainder of your heat should you wish to. The benefit of staying is that we’ll make sure you’re fed and hydrated. But, of course, it’s entirely your choice.”
“Relax, John,” Sherlock whispered.  “I won’t be offended if you become aroused.”
John grinned.  “No sorry.  Put your hand back here.” John steered Sherlock’s hand back to his erection. “Touch me. Fuck me. Make me come.” With one smooth motion, John rolled himself back until Sherlock was fully inside him again.  “Want me to take it slow?”
“Oh, I see,” Fabian said.  “He got you then?” He looked at Sherlock.
“I leave you now,” Jacob said. “You get up and go in your room and leave the bed out ‘ere. I’ll take it back upstairs. Remember your clothes and ‘ave a pleasant…” Jacob looked at his watch. “Mornin’.”
John huffed out a smile. Tired, stressed and hungry though he undoubtedly was, John looked beautiful. He looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock looked at him and smiled.
“John, how distinctly mediocre it is to see you,” Mycroft said.  “I was just on my way to see Sherlock and thought I would offer you a lift as we were passing.”
“Daniels said to me the Marquês would find me if I left London, if I did not confess.  I thought it was too much. All he had to do was threaten Fabby and I did anything he wished.  Now, I think about it.”
“You’re an Omega on the first day of your heat,” Sherlock replied. “Naturally you couldn’t wait. You’re a man, John, not a God.”
“Lie on your tummy,” Sherlock suggested. “Let me do the work."
“Sì, it is a risk we take. I think he liked to cause pain.”
The Marquês was generally regarded as the Portuguese king of crime and corruption.  His tendrils had spread across Europe.  As such, Sherlock realised, he was likely causing Mycroft considerable inconvenience to even be mentioned.
“I’ll just crack on then, shall I?”  John waited for Sherlock’s nod and then turned the toy on at its lowest setting.   The noise that came from Sherlock also started low and grew louder.   His thighs shook and his hips thrust into thin air.   John lubed his hand and wrapped it around Sherlock’s cock.
The third-floor landing was full of gawpers.  John took a quick glance over the balcony. Below, other people emerged from rooms looking puzzled and worried.   Down on the ground floor, in the lobby, Simon was leant over a naked man. A puddle of blood grew beneath him.
Sherlock’s mind turned white.
So there's more about Fabien, Daniels and Candlar in this chapter, as well as some background on Mark Tyler. I hope you all enjoy the meeting with Nathan.  Me writing it coincided with reading an article about bottoming and the two just merged in my mind and wouldn't let go.
“Duck yeah,” John agreed.   He walked over to Sherlock, grabbed his scarf and dragged him in for a kiss.   “I might just ducking love you.  Did you know?”
In front of them seemed to be a wall.  As they neared it, they realised there was a hidden entrance, and beyond that the room revealed itself. Along the sides were two narrow corridors; when they investigated, it was clear there were holes in walls of the corridors. On one wall were holes large enough for penises. On the other, were holes large enough for backsides.
The last door was marked “No entry” and was located at the far end of the corridor on the left.  The door was locked, which Sherlock remedied.  Inside, the small room contained a chair, slim desk and a bank of monitors that relayed security camera feeds from all the rooms in the blackout area.
“Oh, I’ll leave that to Lestrade.  Thank you mister Bouche
“And where does Mary fit in to all this in your deep understanding of my life?”
“I’m sure the same is true of me. I’ve not always acted as you’d have liked.”
“I need to go, the chopper’s about to take off and I can’t hear you.”
“Mycroft, you’ve got to be able to do something.”  John’s hand around his phone was almost crushing it.  He was losing his temper. He knew it.  He was approaching a car crash and didn’t know how to stop.  “What’s the point in you…”
“He won’t want me.”
Harris’ Safe Deposit facility was based in Hatton Garden, which took almost twenty minutes by cab from Mycroft’s office. The front office was presided over by a bald man in glasses who peered over the rims at Sherlock when he presented the key.
“If Piero trusts him, then I think we should.  As far as I can tell, he has no reason to lie to us.”
“We’re here to see Piero?” Sherlock said.  “We’re a bit early though. Do you have anywhere we can sit and just chill for a bit?” His accent was rougher than normal, his tone a maybe an octave higher.
“While everyone watches,” John added.
Sherlock dropped his clothes in few scant seconds and then rifled through his bedside table for some lube. He hoped to convince John that perhaps anything was better than another blowjob.
Anyway, the upshot of this was posting early and an idea for a little Sherlock AU rugby fic.  It wasn't all bad, then. ;-)
“Let’s go.”
“You’ve just described every quiz show on television, John.”
“Do you know how worried you made me about demanding too much sex?  You were stoned off your head and begging for a moment to recover before you had to perform again.  The nurse looked at me as if I were a sex offender.”
“Bare-backing?” Nathan suggested.
Sherlock paced around the house and only stopped when they reached Tyler’s office. Here, at least, it was obvious that Mark Tyler lived a lie.  There was a painting of a naked man on one wall and the screensaver on his computer which scrolled through various pornographic images that depicted men having sex with one another.  Before the police took it, Sherlock hacked into the PC with ridiculous ease.   He looked at a handful of files, began to print and instructed John to go through the bookshelf opposite the desk.
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered across John’s lips before he sat back.  Murphy and Daniels were there, that day, and the darkness had saved them.  John kissed Sherlock’s inner thigh before he resumed his ministrations on the fake dick.
John’s complexion turned a little bit green. “Why did I fall for a man whose family has no sense of boundaries? Not that you do either. I expect your brother will send the footage to your mother and father. Or maybe some stills for the family album.”
If you don’t have Coronation chicken in your country, demand it. Here’s an easy recipe:
“Any clients who didn’t take it well when you stopped?”  John frowned. There was one, wasn’t there, a man who didn’t take well to Simon or Jason’s retirement from hands-on sex-work?
“Food or rinsing?”
John had his hand on Sherlock’s arse. He bit his lip.  “I don’t know.  Maybe?”
“Lube.” Sherlock scrabbled a sachet of lube from his pocket and opened it.
Bouchon means plug, or cork
“You want you to make love with me now.” John rested his forehead against Sherlock’s. “It’s everything I want.” John ran his heads over Sherlock’s chest and the lean muscles that flexed beneath. Poseur. John smiled against Sherlock’s lips and they breathed in others air. Sherlock reached for the lube, and, in seconds, his finger was in the cleft of John’s arse. “Yes.” John stood up on his knees and buried his head into Sherlock’s neck until the strong, Alpha scent made the nerve-endings in John’s skin prickle.
Knot still in place, Sherlock had not come. He nudged John in his arms.
“I’ll consider it.  I trust you haven’t taught Rosie anything unpleasant?”
The cemetery in Stoke Newington this is based on is Abney Park. It’s an old cemetery and somewhere where you can whittle a spoon. What more do you want?  Linky:
“Only if the beans are low sodium, low sugar ones.  She can have egg as long as it’s cooked to death and there’s no salt in it.”
“Mon dieu
John raised his eyebrows. “Clearly.”
“Of course. Is there a romantic way to say that I want your erect member in my bottom?”
“No, you can’t call Mrs Hudson to come out at this time of night to a gay brothel, Mycroft,” John said, closing his eyes.
Just over half an hour later, John walked slowly back towards Lestrade’s office, coffee in hand.  Donovan met him in the corridor and pulled him in to a side room.
“Why on earth did you make me shower?” Sherlock asked him.
It was early the following day and John’s body was jammed in a window frame to stop a very heavy window from closing. He and Sherlock had reached it by climbing up Doubles’ fire escape, where they jimmied it open with a crowbar.
Sweat stung Sherlock’s eyes, but he blinked them open. John’s bond mark was red, swollen and damp with sweat, and Sherlock simply had to run his tongue over the salty, scented skin. The action destroyed his control. Sherlock’s hips pistoned in and out; his thrusts confident and deep until his knot sealed him inside and restricted his movements.
“And John Watson is a truly good man,” Sherlock added. He smiled at John.  He might loath Fabian Bouchard, but he understood what John must have been to him.   “As are you, Mr Fibonacci.  It’s time to get you out of here.”
A few seconds passed.
One more thing, Sherlock's reticence with regards his bum isn't necessarily going where you think it is. I'm writing the follow up to this fic, and there's no traumatic rape scene or anything. So, if you're worried, chill babes.
“Quelle surprise,” Sherlock said.
John sighed again and closed his eyes. He focused on the steady movement of Sherlock’s chest beneath his head and the faint thrum of Sherlock’s heartbeat not so very far away. “I used to have a bloke in my unit when I was in Kandahar,” John said. “He was called Jeff Smith. He was a nice fella. He had this saying that life was simple. It’s a question of deciding what you give a fuck about and ignoring everything else. S’not a bad way to live.”
“You’ve lived a hell of a life, John Watson.”.
“Yeah?” Sherlock’s gaze flicked to meet John’s and he smiled too. “What do you want?  Hard? Fast? Slow? Gentle?” As he spoke, Sherlock dipped his hips and pushed his cock deep into John with steady pressure. The inexorable sensation bloomed inside John with tantalising pleasure.
“How do you know?” John asked, still gripping Sherlock’s arms at the wrists.
The name Fibonacci, Piero's surname, is a reference to the Fibonacci numbers, which just blow my mind.  It's like natural maths; it, along with the Golden Ratio, has been called the fingerprint of God because it's all over nature.  There are some links here on how it just appears in nature, the human body, everywhere:
“I think we can safely say that threat has been neutralised then.”
“Take your clothes down with you. There are towels in the airing cupboard downstairs. You’ll find them, I’m sure.”
Sleepy sex, some disaster, a dodgy chair and some hospital sex. I mean, what's not to love? *coughs*
Sherlock paused. “I was aware,” he admitted.
“Nothing significant. He’d had sex with someone wearing a condom prior to death, no DNA from semen. He had a Liverpool FC tattoo and dyed blonde hair.  Oh, and he had a Prince Albert piercing. That’s about it.”
“Fine,” John said. He took a few steps away from Sherlock. A tea towel landed on Sherlock’s head. Sherlock used it to wipe his face and blow his nose. He heard John huff from the kitchen.
“Because of course you knew where I was working today?”   John put on his seatbelt because it annoyed Mycroft.
John watched Sherlock read the message. Under the warm lighting of the wall sconces, Sherlock’s pale skin looked gold.
“Is there anything else you can tell us about them?"
Sherlock showered faster than he ever had. He was rinsing his hair when the aroma overtook him; John, John, John. Oh, the blessed smell of Dr Watson swelled Sherlock’s cock in seconds and made his decision to forgo the use of a towel.
John grinned. “You too.
John had fought his hormonal desires and pulled away from the horrid dildo, little by little. It was almost free when Mary, lost in John’s scent, pushed it back in. John collapsed face first on the bed, pinned like a butterfly as she pushed the toy deep inside him.
“’Course.” John put his hands under Sherlock's arms and dragged him, unceremoniously, to his feet. “You’ve made me wet.”
Sherlock leant down and, just before their lips met, said, “About here.”  Sherlock kissed well. He kissed as if he had all the time in the world, and that he wanted to taste and caress every millimetre of John’s mouth. It was thorough, arousing, devastating.
“Do you want me, John?” Sherlock had asked as he took off his suit jacket and draped it over some boxes. “Do you want me to fuck you?”
“Fuck.” John stomped upstairs and picked up his red-faced, snotty daughter.  He held her close and jiggled her gently until her wails came to end with great gulping breaths.  “I’m sorry, so sorry,” he murmured.  “I promised to focus on you and I’ve been with Sherlock for less than twenty-four hours and I’ve already neglected you.”
“So that’s it, then?” Lestrade said. His voice softened and became, in Sherlock’s mind, even more terrifying for it. “You’re going to dish out your orders and then swan off into the night and not tell me a goddamn thing?  You really are an insufferable cockwomble. Get out of my office, out of my building and out of my fucking city.”
“What about the drug stuff with Fabian Bouchard? Did Daniels have a part in that?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.  He opened his mouth and then saw John’s face, all thunder and warning lights, so closed it again with a sigh.
“You make too much sense.  I really do hate you.”
“You guys need to strap in, okay?”
Sherlock closed his eyes and shook his head. “No, but I have pins and needles in my legs.” John nodded and flopped on the bed at Sherlock’s side.  Immediately, Sherlock lent over him and pushed two fingers back inside John’s arse as it contracted with loss. John gasped and pushed up his hips. “Shhh,” Sherlock soothed him. He stroked John’s tummy and, slowly, withdrew his fingers. With his own release dripping from his fingers, Sherlock signed his name on John’s belly and finished with an ‘xxx’.
“Oh, and send the car in two hours. Rosie needs her nap. SH”
“So, how was your walk?” John asked Sherlock.  As John looked at him, he knew that Sherlock was sceptical about his reason for speaking to Mycroft.  John looked at Rosie. “Did you go to see the ducks?”
, he thought, I
Sherlock nodded.  His heart raced and a sound like white noise roared in his ears.
“Yes, yes!” John threw back his head, his fist firm around his dick, and slicked their bellies in long surges as his body released years of sexual tension in orgasm. “Wow.” John chuckled. “Wow.”  He pulled Sherlock’s face down into a tender kiss that he hoped would convey how bloody amazing he felt.
“But I want to touch you too.”
“All set?”  Lestrade asked.
“Why don’t we have some toast and some tea, and I’ll be ready when you are?” Sherlock tried to pry his eyes open.
“Right, crack on,” John said. He wiped the leftover lube onto his own cock and spread his legs.
“It won’t be two hours, I promise you that,” Sherlock said.  “Have you done this before?”
“Why this way?” Sherlock asked. He only just had a grip of his control and if he concentrated on talking to John, he might distract himself from the sensation that threatened to overtake him.
“Unless I’m close to my heat, I don’t always wear pants,” John explained. “’Specially not when I’ve got a sexy Consulting Detective to seduce.”
“Yeah,” John said, embarrassed. “Sherlock’s my boyfriend. His brother is, well, he’s part of the government, sort of thing.”
I think you’ll make each other very happy.  Just don’t tell me who does what, if you know what I mean?  This case has opened my eyes far wider than I thought possible.”
Before Jason’s murder, Sherlock had been unaware that John Watson had even considered having sex with another man, let alone him.   Recent circumstances made it clear that not only did John Watson enjoy sexual congress with men, but that he did so with men who resembled Sherlock.  Ergo, it was likely that John Watson did, in fact, want to have sex with Sherlock Holmes.   In the past, when other potential mates had offered him the possibility of sexual union, Sherlock had been uninterested.   Sherlock was very interested in sexual union with John Watson.  His brain was interested, his emotions were interested and, perhaps most disturbingly of all, his cock was thoroughly interested.
“Before you say anything,” Mycroft said in a more conciliatory tone, his eyes focused on Lestrade, “let me explain.   The Home Secretary will demand to be kept up to date. With no intended insult, Detective Inspector, she’s my class and I know how to deal with her.  She’ll infuriate you.  Not only that, but there is the minor issue that you didn’t pass this operation over to Vice or to Organised Crime.  If I take this off your hands now, I can ensure you don’t end up in substantial trouble from your superiors.”
“Already?”  Mycroft said.  “You need to let him rest, Sherlock.  I can put you in touch with someone if you need, well, relief.”
Sherlock bit his lip. His cock had jumped in his hand. He’d always assumed that he would be the bottom in his and John’s relationship. He’d always assumed John would want to pretend Sherlock was a woman. Sherlock’s thighs burned. He was thrusting up into his fist and he hadn’t been aware. He scootched down the bed a little way so he could fuck his fist easier.
“On it,” John said. He started to go through the shelf. It mostly contained books on things like accounting, basic marketing and other business subjects.  A copy of “Tipping the Velvet” stuck out in more ways than one.  When John opened it up, the inside of the book had been hollowed out.   There, John found numerous memory sticks that he bagged and pocketed. In the chest of drawers beneath the bookshelf, John found several bags containing pills and money, together with a business card.
“Oh fah-king
“No, no, no,” Bailey said.  “That’s no way to test equipment. I want a good solid ‘one-two, one-two’ or nothing at all.”
It’d happened shortly before Rosie was born.
“Surely this isn’t supposed to feel this good?” John’s voice was croaky. He pushed back against Sherlock with each thrust inward. “If I wasn’t so pleased, I’d be annoyed that you’re brilliant at this. God, God, I’m nearly there already.”
“No,” John said. “You deflected earlier. You’re asking this question properly.” He crossed his arms and nodded in a manner that suggested that Sherlock should just bloody get on with it.
“Not far,” Sherlock replied. “Just approaching Baker Street tube station.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “The case brought up many questions in my relationship with John.  The case exacerbated his confusion. It is inaccurate to blame John.”
“I need to show you how important you are to me,” John continued.  “I love you when you’re so sodding horny, you take my breath away. I love you when you wake up and take care of Rosie so I can sleep for another hour. I love you when you make the kitchen stink with your experiments, even though I think I shouldn’t. I love you when you’re grumpy, when you’re on a case and forget I exist, and when you stay at home to look after Rosie even though it’s driving you mad.  I love you when you freak out over a thank you, and when you won’t touch me because you’re scared of hurting me, even though you might come home to find me humping your fucking coat if you don’t shag me soon.  And I love you, even as you sit here, and a thousand different thoughts are going through that marvellous, dangerous mind.”  John reached into his pocket. Sherlock’s heart thudded in his ears. He wanted to run because this was so alien to him, but the desire to stay was stronger.  “William Sherlock Scott Holmes, will you please just marry me for heaven’s sake?”
Behind the red door lay a corridor with dim emergency lighting strips laid along the floor.  The darkness poured over them like tar.   The corridor ended in a landing space with three doors.
cheeky
Sherlock humphed before he stopped himself. John laughed.  Sherlock grinned.  “Okay, so where do we start?”
“John.” Sherlock pumped more of his spunk into John’s body. “Love.”
“I know you are, Sherlock, but I wanted it to be good for you.” John rubbed his forehead. “I didn’t want to start to make love to you and to have a panic attack or think I couldn’t do it or I do something wrong.   Can you imagine if I convinced you to have sex with me and then I couldn’t get an erection?  It would be awful for you, Sherlock.  I owe you more than that.”
John tried manfully to keep a straight face.
The ring was silver and wood and Sherlock didn’t know if it was a wedding ring or an engagement ring but it was his, all his. He looked at John and nodded.
“They’re password protected and kept on the hard drive in the security room. Only I have access to them and I only review them if there’s an incident. The recordings are overwritten every four weeks.”
“Don’t put the cone in your eye, Rosie.   When I met Mary I just let myself love her. I needed someone in my life to be there for me.  She wanted to be, so I let her.”
John’s head rolled back and he inhaled sharply.  He’d told Sherlock that the skin around his ears and his earlobes seemed to have a hotline to his cock quite a long time ago. Sherlock had remembered.  John felt the stirrings of an erection against his arse, not to mention his own.
“And that’s precisely why you’re wearing them,” Sherlock replied.  “You can’t ponce around in Soho the way you normally look because you look like a middle-aged doctor called John Watson.”  He walked into the room.  His hair was slicked back. Before John registered what he wore, Sherlock’s coat was on and he’d marched out of the flat.  “Come along, John.”
“I found that really quite arousing,” Sherlock declared.  “Next time we have sex, I might video my ejaculate leaking from your anus. I think it would be a stimulating masturbatory aid.”
“My parents weren’t well people,” Tyler began.  “Dad died while mum was pregnant and, by the time I was old enough to know, mum had met my stepdad.  He was a junkie and she became one too, pretty quickly. I didn’t know about Rosamund until I was taken into care.  It was pretty rare then that a brother and sister, especially when they don’t know each other, ended up with the same foster carers.”
“Don’t hate yourself.  That won’t help.  Love you, love Rosie and love
“Oh, gently,” Sherlock murmured as the massager entered him.  He tensed when it was fully in, but John sucked the tip of Sherlock’s cock to distract him.  “I’m going to come before you turn the damn thing on if you do that,” Sherlock said. He clutched at John’s hair.
Soon it was Sherlock’s turn to look vacant. His jaw dropped when John’s body clenched hard around his fist and John howled. Thick jets of come spurted across John’s trembling body. Sherlock kept his hand inside still, but it wasn’t a choice. John arse clutched at Sherlock’s fist like a tight, velvet glove. John’s trembles turned to jagged shakes. When the sensations ebbed, John’s body relaxed but when they spiked, he came again and tightened around Sherlock’s hand. By the time his aftershocks ended, Sherlock’s hand physically hurt from the taut grasp of John’s body.
Rosie wailed and cried and cried. It broke John’s heart.
Sherlock took a deep breath. His eyes opened in panic.
“If you wouldn’t mind.”
“Yes, yes.” John made a strangled sound of loss when Sherlock’s fingers finally slipped free of his body.
John chuckled. “You talk a lot of sense.  I miss that.”
John picked up Rosie and left Sherlock looking for very bad people on very secret websites. When John returned, Sherlock was printing out information and gave John the precis of what he’d found.
Fabian released his grip on John and held out a trembling hand.  Face to face, Sherlock noticed that Fabian looked pale, with red rings around bloodshot eyes.  Sherlock shook his hand, turning his wrist out as he did so.
Made up title as far as I am aware. Evora is an area of Portugal and Marquês is the Portuguese Marquis. Portugal, as far as I can tell, doesn’t have any major issues with organised crime, with the exception of some crossover with Spanish mafia groups and small level gangs. Portugal has some of the most lenient drug laws in the West, in that they have decriminalised the use of drugs and the carrying of ten days (or less) supply of narcotics in favour of focusing on trafficking, dealing and links to organised crime. However, Portugal is a well-known transit route for immigrants, from Africa, and drugs, from South America and from the east.  My invented Marquês is involved in the trade of both.
John looked towards the entrance, such as it was, of the film room.   One by one various men drifted in.
John’s bedroom at 221C was painted pale blue.  It wasn’t blessed with much natural light, but the presence of Sherlock Holmes laid everything bare.
. They were supposed to be faking.  He pulled away.  “Is this okay?”
“John called me and asked me to come on over,” Nathan said. “All I know is that you’re going to be in an undercover situation. He said you need help to get this right.”
“I can feel my knot slipping.” As it did, there was slippery pressure against Sherlock’s cock. He grabbed John’s arse and spread his cheeks to see rivulets of spunk leak, liberated from John’s hole. As Sherlock’s knot deflated, the rivulets widened until Sherlock’s cock dropped free and, with it, out came a gush of release that coated Sherlock’s groin and tummy with pearly liquid.
“Bedroom,” John agreed. Sherlock led the way. “Clothes off,” John added when they were beside the bed.
“John,” Sherlock whimpered. He spread his arms out wide and almost convulsed as he came in a hot rush inside John’s body. John sighed at the contact as he trailed his fingers of Sherlock’s come-streaked skin. “Happy?” Sherlock asked at last.
.” John’s eyes were firmly shut, the words forced out by Sherlock’s thrusts. He licked his lips between words. Sherlock’s forming knot pressed in and in, and John’s body capitulated with grasping contractions which drew Sherlock in even further. “Come,” John begged, and Sherlock’s body wanted to deliver.
The room had tall ceilings and cream carpet; Sherlock supposed the latter hid semen stains.  There was a door in the corner of the room.  It led to a bathroom, which had a toilet, sink and shower cubicle. The walls of the main room were burgundy. The bed was covered with white sheets and, in them, lay the imprint of John Watson.  Sherlock walked over and sniffed the sheets without thinking.  John’s aftershave, the Paul Smith one.  There were oily marks on the bed, consistent with Fabian’s story.
“Still wan’ to see my knob?”  John asked.  His speech was slurring into being virtually unintelligible.
Moments passed and Sherlock’s hand rested on his shoulder.  “Is there anything I can do?
“Detective Inspector Lestrade,” Mycroft began in a booming voice.  “It is my duty to inform you that from this moment forward, this investigation will be taken over by the Organised Crime Tactical Support Team
“I’m aware of that, Mycroft. She phoned here in tears. John made me speak to her.”
“Why do I need to come first?  I’d prefer people to think I have a bit more stamina.”
The room was a riot of colour.  The ceiling was painted gold, the floor was navy and the walls were covered in multi-coloured abstract shapes.  The bedding was yellow and orange and the chairs they sat on were red.
.  “I decided I’d be ready for you, so I can ride you into the mattress.”
“Mr Holmes?”   A young police officer asked.  “The man who was with the victim at the time of death is ready to speak to you.”
“Prepare to die.”
“A hateful man,” Piero responded.  His eyes narrowed and his lips curled into a scowl. “I saw him before he went to Langridge’s. He was cruel and unpleasant. We do not earn our money when we see nice men, like John, but we could never be paid enough to be with a man like Stephen Daniels.”
“No, no.”  Simon shook his head. “There are hampers for sex toys in each room. We collect up the hampers at the end of the day. That way we make sure the right toys return to the right rooms.  We’ve got a steam cleaner and a dishwasher in the cellar for ‘em.  We don’t touch ‘em til everyone’s gone.  They’re not always, well, clean, if you get my meaning. So, you don’t walk around wi’ ‘em.”
He stopped and turned in the doorway. “Ever.”
Stephen Daniels drew his gun.   Two women opposite screamed. A businessman in a horrible suit threw himself on the floor of the train. The agent did not move.
exotic or esoteric
“Quite the contrary, John.” Sherlock put a hand on John’s shoulder.  “Mr Langridge may give something away in his jibes. Indeed, he may have done so already. I know this is…” Sherlock paused and sighed. “Uncomfortable for you.  However, I value your input.”
“In spades, Mr Holmes, in spades.  I tell you what. I’m about to cancel the membership anyway. Why don’t I give you my membership card and you can see for yourself? There’s a private entrance on Livonia Street.” Candlar handed over a black card with the club name written on in silver writing.  “I’ll cancel at the end of the month. That gives you a few weeks to see what I mean.”
“Mycroft,” Sherlock replied.  “My brother’s name is Mycroft.”
“Ah, I know him.”  John pointed at a name on the list. “You do too. Keith Candlar.”
“It’s a good reason.”
“Completely different than I expected,” Nathan admitted. “The first time I met him I thought he was a creep. Then, I got to know him. He’s a bit of a sweetheart really. Les thinks so too. And he’s a bit of a tiger in the bedroom when he’s in the mood. Like I said, his sex drive isn’t as high as mine, but what he lacks in regularity he makes up for in enthusiasm.”
“Follow me and we’ll collect the contents of your locker. We’ll then place the locked box into one of our review suites, so you can go through the contents in privacy.”
“Ready?” John’s face shone with sweat and his eyes revealed unconcealed arousal.
“You’ve got the murderer, you’ve set the man who wasn’t guilty free and now we’re assisting Europol.  What is there to be unhappy about?”  Sherlock looked genuinely confused.  John understood Lestrade.
But if that were true, why was there an agent, a spy, on this train?  Perhaps the great and the good had told Mycroft to finish him. Perhaps Holmes wanted power for himself. Yes, that would be it.
“Okay.” Nathan headed to the door.  “It’s yours and John’s turn. I’ll be outside, so you feel less embarrassed.”  He left the room immediately.
“You ought to go.” Sherlock’s voice cracked appallingly. Until that moment, he hadn’t realised he was on the verge of tears. “Check on Rosie.” His final word was a half-missed whisper.
Song: https://youtu.be/U-ohttPIqco
“And when were you aware of the incident?  What did you hear?”  Sherlock struggled to drag his eyes from the space on the bed where John sat and let this dreadful Frenchman touch him.
“Glad to hear it,” John answered.
Sherlock took a deep breath and was about to talk when John took over.  “Aaron and I have been together for a while. We took Piero’s advice on getting our relationship back on track emotionally and sexually, to some extent.  Even though I don’t think it’s a problem, Aaron is worried that he doesn’t always like to have anal sex.  I think he’s concerned that he’s disappointing me. He isn’t, but it worries him.”
John grinned.  “It isn’t, love. It really isn’t.”
Sherlock immediately relented.  “Okay, we’ll do that.” Sherlock sat back on the bed.   “John, you can have whatever you need. I promise.”
When John and Sherlock arrived at Langridge’s, they were met with an impressively pissed-off wall of clients.  Mycroft ushered a man who was clearly a second-rate politician into a side room, whilst Lestrade argued with Charles Langridge. One of the men who worked at the club, Sonny, walked over.
“Well, I knew you would want to talk to him what with you being a genie and all.” Lestrade smiled.
“He doesn’t go to Langridge’s,” Nathan replied.  “That’s ridiculous.  I was the first prostitute he went to and he’s told me on more than one occasion that he would never visit another. His sex drive isn’t even that high. I quite often want it more than he does.”
“Was that an offer, Dr Watson?”  Sherlock’s skin blazed ivory in the dim light and his eyes sparkled like polished silver.
“Hey, hey, ignore me. I’m just joking, love. I’m a doctor and I’ve been in the army. There’s nothing you can do that I haven’t seen. And I’m rather touched that you weren’t hesitant; that you trust me. I’m just feeling perkier now I’ve had a good night’s sleep. Forgive me?”
“Want you.”
“No,” Piero said. “I will tell you what you need but, outside of this place, I fear for my life.”
Lestrade nodded. “WAM fetishists.”  Sherlock and John both raised their eyebrows and looked at Lestrade questioningly.   “Wet and messy,” Lestrade replied. “Sometimes called sploshing.  Bernard Bertola case?  Anyone?  The IT Teacher who used school student computers to look for WAM porn?  Oh, for fuck’s sake. Do you two never read about anything outside of London?”
The burn in Sherlock’s arse eased a little and he started to stretch out the opening. He could feel John’s arousal as if it were a part of him and he knew that he needed to hurry if he wanted John inside him.  Sherlock relaxed his mouth, John’s cock on his tongue, while he slid a third finger inside himself. The stretch was good. Sherlock was hungry. His body thrummed like a plucked string. He pulled the lube from his pocket and got his feet.
