John stands over the black leather armchair with his jaw set and his arms folded. He stares intently at something set upon its cushion.
Sherlock is the one who dismissed the notion when Mycroft said John had moved on. Sherlock is the one who pushed, pulled, wheedled, persuaded, cajoled his way back through John’s resisting exosphere. Sherlock is the one who wrangled John back into his orbit, drawing him in with the crushing strength of a singularity born from the corpse of a dead star. Sherlock is the one who said “What life?” despite all evidence to the contrary and then proceeded to manipulate John back into the stifling emptiness that was his own.
“Erm, no. Not yet. She—well, she started removing her disguise then. Took off her glasses, popped a brown contact out of her eye. She must’ve been wearing a wig or something, though if she was I didn’t get the chance to see it come off. After she revealed she’d already got to you, she…”
There is no need to explain because Mycroft already knows. And not only does Mycroft already know, he
, the name that injected itself into Sherlock’s life for the better part of five years, the name that promised to set the husk of his heart acinder, the name that slung its way round his neck even in the wake of its bearer’s demise and dragged him to Death’s daring precipice more times than he would care to count.
Sherlock watches John’s face as it falls victim to grinning laughter, the sound as bright and infectious as anything, and he joins in without a second thought.
“I’ve no idea. His comment does seem a bit ominous, though, doesn’t it? Implying there was a last time where sibling status didn’t matter. That can’t be a good thing.”
. How I am, how I function, how I think. I interacted with her twice and each time I saw precisely what she wanted me to see.”
“Sorry I’m late,” she says. “Traffic, you know. Got a bit congested. I would have left earlier, but—”
It’s not a particularly startling truth. It’s not an upsetting one, either. It’s not frustrating or angering or devastating. It just…
He can’t refuse. He already knows that. He is far too selfish to refuse. If he does as Mary asks and throws himself straight into the awaiting maw of hell, the chance to mend things with John will hang in the balance, and that is something he is compelled to pursue. The distance is agonising,
“Another statement that is not at all worrisome.” John tips his head back against the seat cushion, fingers tapping on the upholstery. “This is mad, you know. Absolutely mad, coming up with ideas on how to blackmail your brother.”
“Did you? Well, if you’re snubbing free rides, you’re paying the fare. Just because you like being all dramatic doesn’t mean I like paying each time you whirl out of the car.” John pauses, ostensibly to level him with some disapproving stare. “Seriously. I mean that, Sherlock. I’ve been stuck with the last three. Would be nice if you got one every now and again.”
The weight of the gun in Sherlock’s right hand is solid and heavy as he levels it at Mycroft. Warmth suffuses the metal and perspiration dampens the grip. All of it is a stark reminder of the choice that looms ahead—the choice he has yet to make, the decision to which he cannot bring himself to commit.
His attention then turns to the diamond patterned duvet and the set of blue and grey pyjamas John had left out for him. A still-packaged toothbrush has been nestled just atop the cobalt shirt, a clothes hanger set beside the trousers.
Sherlock holds Rosie’s gaze, tears and all, and begins to sway in place. Back and forth, back and forth, he does a half twist and shifts his weight from one foot to the other. It is what feels natural, what feels right: repetitive rhythms, soothing motion, satisfying the body’s need for comfort through physical stimulus.
“Oh, something very good, indeed,” says Sherlock as he taps out the end of the text. “I’m extrapolating the rest of it based on already acquired data, of course, but it all starts with an old childhood fear.”
And perhaps it is, in a way, but isn’t that to be expected? Whims of the heart are not stoic. They are fierce, selfish, vast. They push at reason and persuade against logic; pathos versus logos, a pendulum in perpetual motion.
Sherlock stands amongst the sharks in the watery-blue ambiance of London Aquarium, statue-still and adrenaline sick, watching John curl himself against the limp figure of his murdered wife. The blood at Mary’s ribs is slick and black in the light; it coats Sherlock’s left glove, smeared, settling between the stitches as the burn of copper and gunpowder skims the edge of every inhale. Her face had been tight with agony only moments ago, but now the muscles have relaxed into neutrality. Her brain has already begun its shutdown; her heart has ceased to beat. The woman in John’s arms is Mary Watson in name alone.
How does John stand it? How does he endure? Is there some sort of trick to putting oneself back together again? Is there a silver bullet to reconciling the forgotten secrets tucked away in one’s past? Anecdotal evidence suggests there isn’t, but that doesn’t stop Sherlock from wondering.
“No,” says John, voice stern. “No, I’m not arguing about this. Christ, Sherlock, this has been… hell. Utter hell. For the both of us. For you most of all, but it’s been hell for me, too, and—and the least I can do, the
And Sherlock knows John has the right to blame him for that. In a roundabout way, he’s sort of responsible for the entire lot. If Sherlock hadn’t died, John wouldn’t have been forced to find a full-time position or a new flat. That would have prevented Mary from entering the picture, which would have then rendered Rosamund Watson a figure of the imagination, resulting in no close ties to John and therefore no close ties to Sherlock. With both connections never manufactured, Mary’s death would have been stopped.
Something starts to take shape, nebulous and hazy at the edges. Sherlock stands perfectly still as the image gains sharpness, definition. In his mind’s eye, a panicked Mycroft charges down a darkened corridor, terror spurring him from the clutches of a shadowy pursuer—the therapist, perhaps, or someone different altogether.
Déjà vu strums at the back of Sherlock’s brain. His reflection’s pale eyes stare back, the corner of its mouth showing the slightest of smiles. The man standing in the glass doesn’t look quite as tired or haggard as he ought to, though he does still look rather gaunt. The curse of a jackrabbit metabolism and a poor eating schedule, he supposes. That, and a
“Right. Of course. I almost forgot who we were dealing with for a moment. But even if you don’t want to call it blackmail, it’s still manipulation. We’ve still got to get the upper hand, convince him to tell us everything about this secret sister who’s apparently been round for years and years without anybody knowing.” John sets his jaw, draws a steady breath. “It’s going to take a lot more than frustrated worry, isn’t it? Something tells me he still wouldn’t have said anything even if I’d had the chance to press him that night. The situation wasn’t right. It’s got to be something worse.”
Sherlock’s focus snaps back to her. “Hm? Oh. It’s nothing you should concern yourself with. He just sort of… does that sometimes. It’s a very common thing. Habit, really. You get used to it.”
London calls to him in its usual language of traffic and rainfall. The trip ahead speaks of sands and warmer climes. His inbox murmurs in triple digits. He knows he should be restless for their promises, drawn by consonants and vowels and sans-serif lettering like a sprout to sunlight, and yet he isn’t. He isn’t restless, impatient, or irritated. He isn’t beset by any great drive for action. There is quiet and there is comfort and there are two people whose company he enjoys, and that is all this small moment requires.
Sherlock lets his head rest against the seat, and he laughs with the man he is so very privileged to call his best friend.
“Missus Hudson won’t even be awake. And you are not going to wake her up at”—John leans to the side, peering past the driver’s seat to the neon numbers displayed on the centre console—“three o’clock in the bloody morning so you can have a kip on her sofa. She’s already had the flat above her explode. Let’s wait a bit before giving her another heart attack, hm?”
John’s eyes have always been blue, but in the aquarium’s azure atmosphere, they have grown cold and dark. They are cooler than cobalt, deeper than delft; an empty midnight resides there, as if the stars that had once glittered through his night’s sky have all been snuffed out with the gust of one final, entropic breath. No light remains.
Sherlock brings the gun to the soft, vulnerable underside of his chin. The metal has a residual warmth: ignited gunpowder and body heat. The weight of it is an anchor between his palms, a heaviness that could send him plummeting through the floor, the earth, the ocean, luring him down, down, down past hydrothermal vents and magma rifts until magnesium and iron silicate rise up to envelop him whole.
“Mm. She should be pleased. Blowing up a flat is one way to force renovations. She’s talked about it for ages. Patch the bullet holes, put up new wallpaper, scrub the blood out.” Sherlock glances at John, smiling halfway. “Now she’s got an excuse.”
And yet none of them did. None of them did, not a one, and he is beyond grateful. He even doesn’t know if he can express just how deeply that gratitude runs. How does one excavate a seemingly endless font of thanks for the continued existence of the single fixed point in one’s life?
If he’d shoved her aside, let the shot pierce him through, kept her safe as promised, would he have survived? It isn’t likely, but—God, it’s a chance he still would have taken. He’s already survived one bullet to the chest; what’s one more? He’s got a frame of reference, an incident for comparison, a grand scope in which to suffer, and if he were to meet his mortality in London Aquarium, if this watery grave were to be his Samarra, he would have been prepared. Willing. Ready.
White ceiling, white sheets, heart monitor, IV. Half-shuttered blinds block out the sun’s glare through the room’s expansive windows and a generous chill from the air conditioning breezes across his face. A pleasurable fuzziness ameliorates the edges of the blade punctured through his ribs; it lets his muddled thoughts drift and coast, light yet sluggish and with resistance, as if they were somehow wading through a body of water.
“Well, shall we go? Can’t say I’m in any hurry to sit in a flying metal tube for the next several hours, but I’d rather us be early. Makes things a lot easier.” John brushes past with Rosie in tow, stooping to a kneel as he begins to retrieve her menagerie of toys. “Give me a hand, will you? Honestly, I don’t know how she’s got so many of these bloody things. I swear I don’t even remember buying half of them. It’s like you leave the room and suddenly two more pop into existence.”
He remembers his childhood well enough, but not all of it had been filed correctly; there are sizable gaps due to his own lack of management. Mycroft is a persistent presence through it all, as are Mum and Dad and Redbeard on occasion, but there is a distinct lack of other sibling, which is a more troubling than he would care to admit.
But he’ll do it. He will. He will brave the brimstone and harrow the hellfire. He’ll do it because John Watson must be kept alive, no matter the cost, and if putting himself in mortal danger will save John, then there is no question as to what must be done. Sherlock knows he can’t manage the ‘happy’ clause of his non-negotiable, not now, not on his own, but given the chance, given enough time, it might be possible. Alive is what matters first and foremost; happy can wait.
“No, of course it wouldn’t be the first time. Of course it wouldn’t. Christ.” John runs a hand through his hair, lowering himself back into the chair. “You were shot. You were shot, and not only did you climb out a window, you climbed down two bloody storeys.”
John perks awake at the rustling. He opens one eye and watches Sherlock drift to the left side of the bed.
“Just going to put her down,” he says. “Won’t be a moment. Pop that on the sofa, will you? Yeah, just there’s fine. Thanks. Back in a minute.” And with that, he disappears up the staircase, murmuring soothing things into Rosie’s ear.
“A what?” John blinks. “Wait. I know that name. That’s a type of violin, isn’t it? One of the rare ones?”
John pauses at the bottom and leans against the decorative pillar. He meets Sherlock’s eyes with a weary smile. “All right?”
“What?” Something like panic roils in his chest despite the blatant, unequivocal evidence that John is alive and well. “You were shot? She shot you?”
And then he is five years younger. Five years more naïve. He is the returned soldier with the bad shoulder and the psychosomatic limp who dreams of arid deserts and staccato gunfire. He is the selfless doctor with a good heart who is willing to sacrifice himself for King (Queen?) and country and almost does in the deafening din of combat. He is John Hamish Watson, the obstinate man with a taste for adrenaline who will become his flatmate for the next year and a half and who will steal his heart in the process.
“Don’t you dare,” says John. Venom coats every rigid, glass-cut word. They are delivered with such sharpness, such animosity, that they sound like they should be said in another time, another place, like they should be a threat for a cornered criminal and not a years-long friend.
Sherlock starts pacing another circuit, thumb and forefinger scrubbing together; the comfort of repetitive physical stimulus.
“What? What do you mean you might not have to? Have you got others stashed away in a bolt-hole or something?”
Idly, he wonders just how many of these disks Mary had prepared. It has been two so far, two delivered at strangely opportune times, which means there were two events Mary predicted successfully, even if by chance. And if two disks were already set up to be delivered in this particular fashion, set up with whatever sort of pending live-conditions they had that would eventually set them loose into the world, who’s to say there aren’t more?
Squinting in the light, Sherlock turns his head upon the pillow. John stares back from a chair situated to the right of his hospital bed. He is settled in, arms folded, legs crossed. The steely corundum of his eyes is a bit darker in the filtered sunlight, but it complements the tartan navies of his shirt. The lineaments of his face are stark, a little rigid, his forehead knit into creases.
Sherlock has cheated death countless times before. He has witnessed it countless more. He has been the one to cause it, ensure it, deny it, and he has even been the one to deliver it, bursting from the end of John’s SIG Sauer in a splinter of skull fragments and brain matter. Death has courted him for years, skirting the edges of his periphery like a displaced shadow, slinking close enough for him to hear the susurrus of its footsteps and the wisp of its breath, but never has it laid claim to a soul he has sworn to protect.
There is so much to be done. It will take time and research and careful planning, of course, just as everything always does, but if Mary wishes him to walk through hell’s gates to save John, then that is what he’ll do. If it will grant him a chance to uphold his vow, to redeem himself, that is what he’ll do. If it will let him enter John’s life again, that is what he’ll do.
It’s expected, of course. It’s natural, it’s normal; in the aftermath, however harrowing, this is what they do.
Whilst in the heat of it at Baker Street, he’d had much more control over the situation because 221B is his territory, his domain, and getting to the bottom of Mary Watson’s connection to Magnussen had been paramount, but now that he has once again been forced into the tiresome clutches of hospital staff and suddenly presented with the knowledge that John did not go home in favour of a hotel, he finds himself at a loss.
A return client, he thinks, studying the parcel’s pale surface. Of all the things he would have expected from such an ominously-lettered disk, Mary becoming a return client had not been one of them. And not simply a return client; a return client with a posthumous case, one in which he holds a deeply personal stake.
He just wishes it hadn’t come to this. He does not like being confined to a hospital bed. He does not like watching John muddle through himself. He does not like not knowing what to say.
“It could have been worse,” says Sherlock. His voice sounds sombre to his ears, an unfortunate window to the bonfire that won’t quite douse. “
He recalls a cold winter night spent by the sitting room hearth’s vigorous blaze. He recalls John nestled half asleep in his chair, a blanket strewn over his legs and his computer in his lap, his fingers stilled and resting on the keys. He recalls playing the violin by the curtained window, pleasant, purposeful, a lulling nocturne for the soldier whose traumas still hunted him in dreamscapes.
John makes his way back into the bedroom not two minutes later, clad in his own pyjamas and smelling of soap and warmth and something unmistakably home. His tawny silver-brushed hair is dark with lingering water, his face softened and relaxed, his military posture tempered by fatigue.
With an attentive carefulness, Sherlock takes the tiny hand that is not preoccupied with his suit between his thumb and forefinger and nudges it open upon his fingerprint. He watches her as she focusses on the sudden sensation of touch, her eyes locking onto the enormous disparity between her hand and his.
“All right,” says John. It is quiet, calm, but not without a tendril of heat. “All right. Okay. Fine. We’ll take her case. We’ll take her case even though she lied and shot you and put you here. She’s our client. And because she’s our client, we’ll do whatever’s necessary. Just like all the rest. Because that’s what we do.” He clears his throat. “Right, then. So. What’s the plan?”
“I rediscovered the note after some prospective clients left the flat,” he says. “It was the proof I’d been missing. My first thought was Culverton. He’s wealthy, powerful. That garners a lot of influence. I thought perhaps he might have been in league with someone close to Moriarty, someone I’d somehow missed. I didn’t like the idea, but it was plausible. Wrong track, though. Wrong track entirely.”
“Technically, yeah,” says John, mouth turned in a light corner smile. “She should be quiet the rest of the night. Fingers crossed.”
John releases a soft exhale. “You did the best you could, you know. She—she was using that against you. It was all on purpose. Planned. Rigged. Right from the very start. There was nothing else you could have done.”
“Look there,” he says, and twists about so that John slides into her view. “Do you see? Daddy’s back, just as I said. Told you he wouldn’t leave without saying goodbye. All the fuss was for naught, hm? Yes, he did take a very long time, didn’t he? No, he’s just like that sometimes. It’s sort of a recurring thing. Let’s go tell him how displeased we are, shall we?”
“I haven’t got anything to compare it to,” says Sherlock. “If I ever had, I must have deleted it. I didn’t realise I was capable of rewriting an entire set of traumatic childhood memories into something less harmful.”
“Sherlock, there was no other choice. She didn’t give you one. You know that as well as I do. She controlled every last thing in that godforsaken prison. The only choice you made beyond her control was to—” John balks before the words. He inhales, exhales, swallows.
Pivoting promptly on his heel, Sherlock steps over to the mantelpiece and swipes the paper folded up by the magnifying glasses. He holds it out to John, expectant, and when John casts him a questioning look, he gives it an encouraging shake.
“Faith,” Sherlock breathes. “She was Faith. Eurus impersonated Faith. That explains it. That explains everything. The roots, the tan, the note, why Faith never remembered.”
he looks with his silver-tinged blond hair combed in its now-habitual sweep and his strong arms crossed over the navy-chequered fabric of his button-down that complements the deep, hazel-flecked blues of his eyes.
No, here must first be reassembled. His domain has been upended in more sense than one, and now it must be put to rights. Only then can he allow himself to dwell.
Really, it’s not a difficult leap. Sherlock cares for John, and because he cares for John (God, he cares for John so much that it has become a symptom, a condition, a bloody state of being), it only makes sense that he should also care for John’s daughter. Rosie is a part of John and John is a part of Sherlock; ergo, Rosie is also a part of Sherlock. It’s simple logic.
“And he deflected,” says Sherlock. He leans forward, excitement jumping through his veins like currents through circuitry. “He deflected and tried to make you think he misspoke or you misunderstood because that’s what Mycroft does—he’s a manipulative bastard and he does whatever he thinks is best for you despite evidence to the contrary.”
He slides the disk back into its packaging and thumbs it shut. Turning over in his hands, he inspects the padded envelope and lets the papery texture whisper beneath his fingertips. Plain, white, nondescript. Printed label, no handwriting, no return address. Ordinary in every way. Just another parcel with the post.
Because Sherlock has leapt from a building for John. He has gone undercover, destroyed a criminal network, withstood brutal floggings for John. He has suffered rebirth, chased life, and even cheated death for John. Dying for him would have just been one step further.
“No. And I don’t—I don’t know if I should. She said I won’t love her afterward. That means the worst, doesn’t it? She’s killed people, clearly, but ‘you won’t love me when you’ve finished’, that’s—that’s something worse.”
John expels a sigh and pinches the bridge of his nose. “You’re not intruding. Okay? You have to know that. I’m the one who invited you. If I didn’t want you here, I wouldn’t have offered. And no,” he continues, focussing on the kitchen light, “no, you’re not going to sleep on the sofa. Not… not tonight.”
Sherlock doesn’t answer. Instead, sweeps across the room in a whirl of frenetic haste and snatches the note from John. He turns it over once or twice, cataloguing the faint indents of the pen, the fresh crinkles from John’s fingers, how the sunbleach colours the page in a pale, pallid yellow. Then, approaching the mantelpiece, he refolds it and smacks it down amongst the other curios and scattered articles from the post.
And it’s a rather humbling feeling, he thinks, being wrong. If someone had told him a year and a half ago that he’d find himself so chastened by his own remark, he would have raised an eyebrow and decried it as sentimental nonsense.
“One of the rare ones, yes,” he says, “though the name isn’t restricted to just violins. Technically, a Stradivarius is any stringed instrument produced by the Stradivari family during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. They made a finite number of instruments numbering approximately one thousand one hundred or so, but only about six hundred and fifty of those still exist today. The most recent sale of a Stradivarius violin was just shy of three million pounds.”
When John’s footsteps have faded into the bathroom overhead, Sherlock rises from the sofa. He crosses the sitting room, dips into the kitchen, and switches off the light above the hob. It takes a moment for the negative snapshot of assorted dishes and appliances to disperse behind his eyelids (because the white shapes thrum to the pain meshed between his temples, a driving and persistent pulse), but when it does, he moves past the table toward the stairs and begins to climb.
“Mycroft is not Eurus,” he says. “You said yourself I knew nothing of this sister until just this afternoon. Whoever Eurus is, she’s got her own agenda. I fully intend to figure out what that is, but we need information first, and Mycroft is where we will get that information. As much as I detest my brother and his incessant meddling, I can assure you I won’t have him harmed.” He chances a glance at John. “Well, not irrevocably. Depends on what a little fear will do.”
John sits there on the sofa, wholly rapt. His eyes are fixed on the telly, his hands laced together in a tight seam, the rest of him so still and unmoving as if he were too afraid to breathe. A faint smile surfaces in a twitch at the very side of his mouth, something so transient and brief that Sherlock almost thinks he’s imagining it, and then it’s lost in the continued lilt of Mary’s message,
John elevates it with a long press on the remote. The process is not quite as painful as the coughing. When it reaches an incline of about sixty degrees, John lets the remote down and dips closer with a plastic cup filled with water. He holds it out to Sherlock, and Sherlock snatches it up and gulps it down in three quick swallows.
“What? Planning? Seriously?” Anger alchemises into incredulity. “We haven’t even decided if we’re going to take her case!”
After a few more minutes, John comes back down the stairs. The floorboards put up the occasional protest beneath his footfalls as his left hand glides down the bannister. From the curve of his neck to the cant of his shoulders to the weight of his steps, the whole of his body language reads downright knackered.
John’s eyes, pitched a deep sloe by the single set of still-drawn curtains, refuse to lift from the note.
“Right. Not irrevocably. Okay.” John considers this for a moment, palm rubbing over his mouth. “I mean… yeah, God knows I wouldn’t mind getting the bastard back for all his inconvenient abductions over the years. Or for the fact that he knew you weren’t dead. Or for hiding all this nonsense, which let a psychopath manipulate the both of us and almost kill you.”
is such an eyecatcher, he thinks; of course she would have written it. Mary knew he never would have been able to resist such a lure, so he’d be guaranteed to get her message regardless of what came to pass. Echoing the old words of his dead adversary as a hook is so very her.
That should alarm him, he thinks. The fact that his brother somehow knows the sheer intensity of his emotional tether to John Watson should be an uncomfortable and forbidding thought. It should terrify him because it means he’s been more obvious than he’d intended, that he hasn’t kept all this under the careful control he has so painstakingly employed.
“No. Not even the well.” John’s features are limned in shadow, but Sherlock can still discern the firm line of his mouth and hard stare he gives the ceiling. “It was like Bart’s again, but worse. Worse because no matter how much Moriarty tried to make it seem like resurrection is possible, there is no coming back from a bullet through the brain. You would have been dead. Permanently. No going into hiding or dismantling criminal empires. No fake identities or showing up at the Landmark two years later. You would have been dead. Very, very dead. And I—”
There is nothing deep here. Nothing unknown. Nothing out of the ordinary. There are no endless waterfalls or bottomless pools or fathomless oceans or flooding wells. There are no labyrinthine islands. There is only comfort like the warmth of seafoam and sand. These are the calm and quiet shallows he knows best: one obstinate John Watson and his daughter Rosamund.
“Bloody Marrakesh. Jesus.” John traces his free fingers round his mouth. “Well, suppose I shouldn’t be too surprised. She’s been to a dozen other countries and God only knows how many cities.”
It’s a placid and pleasant melody, one he knows from many a long midnight spent singing its bars upon the strings of his violin. It reminds him not of John’s old nightmares, but of the comforting quiet that would follow some time after. Muscle memory itches in the calluses caught amongst his fingertips—vibrato, it recalls; tremble, tremble, tremble, slide—and he adjusts Rosie in his left arm to assuage the phantom currents.
None of the intermittent cases had been with John, of course, being an entire continent away, but that hadn’t stopped Sherlock from imagining his presence. His voice, his opinions, his wry remarks—they kept playing from the nostalgic depths of Sherlock’s mind in arbitrary sound bites, frequently and without his leave, and as time wore on, it was not unusual for Sherlock to visit the John Wing of his mind palace during his scant stretches of downtime. John had indeed been an entire continent away, but between his intrusive interjections and the familiar comfort of his palace doppelgänger, Sherlock often found himself wondering how he ever managed to endure existence without him.
He takes two heavy steps toward Mary, toward John. His legs feel leaden and cemented to the ground, but he persists. He just can’t stand there and do nothing. He can’t. Not when John is like this. Not when John is anguished and bereaved. Not when John’s body language could write a study in sorrow. Not when John is
John laughs. “Yeah, invading someone’s space with as little notice as possible is much more Mycroft. I’m surprised he didn’t have them pop by today.”
It isn’t as severe as before. Sherlock knows that for certain. When it had attempted to deform John into rubble at Baker Street, the weight of it appeared nigh overwhelming. There were tiny little fractures and rifts at John’s seams, unnoticeable to those who wouldn’t know how or where to look.
“Mm. I’ll take it into consideration. Can’t make any promises. Schedules, you know. Never know when a good death will suit.”
And in the midst of this, in the tranquil centre of all this sitting and sorting and existing, Sherlock finds there is no place he’d rather be.
As Sherlock drifts from step to step, he lets his voice steep in a lower register. He lilts from one note to the next, a deep thrum in his throat, keeping it soft and gentle for Rosie’s sensitive ears. The unhurried measure in which he intones each note lets him conduct a more languorous waltz; he spins circles round the sitting room with a far laxer form than his usual fastidious approach would generally permit.
“Well, she did get the note from Culverton,” says John. “D’you think it could have been orchestrated? The two of them working together?”
The pale edge of Saint Bart’s superimposes over the empty corridors of his mind palace. Wood panelling bleeds to concrete, and for the shortest of moments, the fleeting echo of flight buries deeply into the hearts of his palms.
. Whilst Mycroft hiding things doesn’t come as any great surprise, it has now become apparent that he’s been hiding the existence of another family member for what I can only assume must have been my entire life or at the very least something incredibly close to it, so I would be most appreciative if you’d refrain from making further comparisons.”
Pressing his fingers together, Sherlock narrows his focus onto the back of the passenger’s seat. He feels… raw. That is the best way he can think to describe it: raw. Open. Tender. Vulnerable. Everything is a little too bright and a little too loud and a little too intense. A dull throb pulses behind his eyes and it isn’t from crying. It’s as if someone had tried to pry up the top of his skull but only managed it halfway, so they made do by digging through as much contoured grey matter as possible until they could assign a purpose to every available neuron and firing synapse.
“I’m not sure,” he says. For a moment, he considers the weight of his mobile in his trouser pocket. “I might not have to, actually.”
“Yes, they are, because we know you. If we leave you to your own devices, you’ll either embellish the truth or avoid telling it at all. It won’t kill you to be excluded from the conversation for two seconds.” John nods at Molly and passes her a tenner from his wallet. “Go on. Get your carrot cake. I’ll be here a moment longer. Still need to finish.”
Fact one, reprise: Several months ago, John had a text-based affair with a woman who smiled at him on the bus. It was short-term. Nothing physical happened. In the aftermath, John showed symptoms of shame.
in taunting capitals revealed only under the pale purple of a UV torch—that had been a belated discovery.
Much like his accommodations at Baker Street, his scent, his style, and his presence have all been cloistered in this particular space. Clothes, slippers, sheets, the occasional bauble or three—everything has a tether to John. The laundry basket to the left of the door is halfway full of John’s button-downs, vests, pants, jumpers, and jeans. The chest of drawers just after hosts a set of folded clothing atop it (tomorrow’s, he assumes) as well as a familiar bottle of cologne and a plain stick of deodorant. John’s phone charger, watch, and alarm clock sitting upon the right bedside table indicate he sleeps furthest from the door, which is an entirely new set of data for Sherlock to devour (because surely John would take the side nearest to the exit—or had Mary taken it first? Had they switched sides once Rosie came? Do people even switch sides?).
“Not putting him in hospital, either. As appealing as the idea is, I’d really rather not have to face the entire British government because one of their representatives got his lights punched out.”
“Yes? Yes, of course I want to know if you’re okay. She shot you, didn’t she? Well, only with a tranquilliser,” Sherlock amends, tipping his head in acknowledgement, “but still. There was a gun involved. Granted, not exactly an uncommon occurrence for either of us, but you did say it was unsettling.”
Mary was so very clever, he thinks. Could she really have seen? He’d been careful, so incredibly careful, but she was an assassin and a wife and a mother and a friend; she was sharp, perceptive, and she knew things at a glance. Between the masks and the marble and the forced indifference, could she have seen the hairline cracks, the barely kept together fissures; could she have seen it all for the farce it truly was?
If Rosie has a preference, she doesn’t seem keen on letting him know one way or the other. She proceeds to lament the world’s injustices through more long-winded whimpers, one fist still grasping at the arm of his jacket.
Sherlock yanks himself out of his mind palace just in time to see John regarding him with an expression of acute unease.
“John,” says Sherlock, and he doesn’t quite know why he’s saying his name. He doesn’t have words to accompany the thoughts flurrying about his headspace. Something pangs in his chest.
“Eurus purposefully sought me out whilst my perception was altered,” he says, easing his palms together beneath his chin. “She came to the flat as Faith Smith. She made me
Molly sits down beside him with her carrot cake, sporting a timid yet genuine smile. “So, how are you, then? All right?”
“I’m afraid not,” he replies, pathing his hand down the roughened ridges of the fingerboard. The texture is good, familiar, if a bit dusty. “The damage is too extensive. Repair would be near impossible. It would be cheaper to buy a new one.”
Sherlock does not respond. Instead, he taps his fingers by the trackpad and continues to watch Mary’s GPS coordinates slowly decrement, her red circle coasting just along the outskirts of Errachidia. The shift in speed from before suggests a land vehicle rather than aeroplane; she’d changed transportation at approximately four o’clock yesterday morning. If his conjecture is correct, she will choose a place to rest once she is further from the city, which will provide them with a window of moderate leeway.
“No, no. It’s fine. It’s—” John clears his throat and rests his forearm across his eyes as if to hide. “Sorry. It’s fine. It’s just… difficult. It’s difficult to talk about this. You went through vivisection and I went through hell. God only knows how Mycroft’s dealing with it.”
“Ah. So that’s where this whole ‘east wind’ thing comes from, then.” John crooks his arm and rests his cheek on his palm. “A bit unnerving. Not that getting shot wasn’t unnerving, mind, but the east wind, the force that lays waste to the unworthy, it’s supposed to be her. Sort of explains Mycroft’s little story, hm?”
He watches John press his cheek into the blond of Mary’s hair, blood-tinged hand framing her face, and finds his throat so tight he can barely swallow. He aches to kneel with them both; he wants to enfold John in his arms and tell him he’s sorry, this is not how it should have been, he’s sorry, he doesn’t know what to do, he’s sorry, he never meant for this, he’s sorry, this is not how this encounter was supposed to go—
“‘Sibling trickery’,” repeats John, incredulous. “Is that what we’re calling all this? The disguises, the tranquillisers, you nearly dying to a serial killer. All normal stuff. Just some harmless pranks between family, yeah?”
Alternatively, he could have the officers drop him by Mycroft’s house, as abhorrent as the idea sounds. He and Mycroft will have to coordinate on the matter of Eurus and their parents, and he’s sure Mycroft will want to address it once the dust has settled. Sherlock knows it’s better to have a plan sooner than later when it comes to these sorts of things.
“Neither? Hm. No, no, you’re right. Others might be more appropriate. Let me think.” Sherlock rocks from side to side another moment more, and then says, “Ah, what about his nocturne in C-sharp minor? Noted as number forty-nine, if I recall. It’s playful in some areas, more sombre in others. A pleasure to the ear. Might be good.”
“Shh,” he murmurs into her tawny blond hair, breathing in the scent of soap and youth and baby powder. “Daddy will be back in a moment. He wouldn’t leave without saying goodbye, I promise you. I know the concept of object permanence hasn’t fully formed with you just yet, even if your developmental progress does surpass that of your peers, but you must believe me when I tell you that he will return. John is good like that.”
“Might be, yeah. Do you—” John hesitates, as if carefully considering his words. “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Right,” he says. “So, with the assumption of a punctual flight, we’ll be in Marrakech by early evening. That will give us time to settle in and search for our contact before Mary arrives tomorrow afternoon. Mycroft’s already done most of the legwork, or as much as he’s actually capable of doing whilst sitting comfortably in his office, so all that’s left is the literal part of the legwork. Once we meet up with our contact in the souks, we’ll be ready and waiting. Should be an interesting confrontation.” Sherlock tips up his chin to look at John. “Do you think she’ll be pleased to see us?”
John nods, satisfied. “Okay. Good. I won’t be long. Ten minutes at the most. Pyjamas are on the bed. There’s a hanger for your coat as well if you need it. Just pop it on the back of the door.” And then he ascends the stairs once more, fingers skimming up the bannister.
A year and a half ago, Sherlock had got it wrong. He’d brushed the idea of John’s life aside, deeming it an impossibility—because why would John have a life outside of Sherlock? The proof was in the past. Wherever Sherlock Holmes went, Doctor John Watson followed, and it seemed that nothing, not sleep nor hunger nor meaningless girlfriends could hope to stop him. His existence had been entangled with Sherlock’s to an almost inextricable degree, and that state appeared to be nothing short of permanent.
“Right here.” John produces two maroon booklets and an envelope from Sherlock’s black suitcase. “Yours and mine. Also got the boarding passes. Mycroft sent them along.”
The weight of every gaze in the room is palpable. It is constant, crushing, compelled by the continual currents of gravitons. Mycroft, Lestrade, remaining officers from the Met—their stares cut from him to John to Mary, one after the other, and each feels like a fire-hot poker pressing into Sherlock’s skin: the burn of a cigarette against his arm, the sweep of cinders spread across his scars.
“Do give me some credit, John. If Mycroft were to end up in hospital, you would never be implicated.”
Sherlock knows there is no fundamental difference between this John and the John of ten minutes ago, but the atmosphere has shifted into something lighter; he can sense it. The seriousness of the task ahead has been forgotten, much like the psychosomatic limp that had once pained John’s leg. Whatever grave thoughts had followed him to 221A appear to have been lost on the ascent. Left to their own devices, they now linger amongst the dust motes, floating arabesque through gilded sheets of sunshine, and John is better for it. Leaning against the entryway, John is gorgeous, brilliant, utterly radiant in his fondness.
“She gave you that memory stick for a reason. If it does indeed contain everything about who she was, then you essentially hold another key toward her incarceration in your pocket. She trusts you, John. Both now and with whatever happened before.” Sherlock draws a painful breath. “Only you can make the decision to read it.”
It began right here, he thinks. Everything. It all started right here, right in Sherrinford prison. And right here is where it all will end.
Stormy gaze now preoccupied with the decidedly interesting pattern of the floor tile, John flexes his hands on his knees. “I’ve already told you: my best friend got shot. And after he got shot, he decided to break out of his bloody hospital room for a dramatic unveiling—because that’s what he does, this best friend of mine; he’s a sodding lunatic—causing himself a minor episode of cardiac arrest and no small amount of internal bleeding because he was recovering from a
By the time he has hummed through half the nocturne, the synthesis of sound and motion appears to have done its part: Rosie’s sniffles taper off and her whines lessen into quiet. The flat fills with Sherlock’s muffled footfalls upon the carpet and the warm baritone of his voice like gathering raindrops in a crack in the pavement. The room’s ambiance grows gentler, muted, firmly ensconced within familiar walls. The continuous churr of traffic seems miles and miles beyond.
, willing the input to override the train of thought his brain is desperately trying to grapple itself toward because he knows entertaining such assumptions and hypotheticals in any capacity will be ultimately useless because they aren’t facts at all; they’re scenes, scenarios, inane imaginings, and nothing so compromising could ever be conducive to any sort of proper brainwork.
“Well?” John’s brow arches with expectance, with interest. “Are you going to just stand there or are you going to tell me about what’s going on in that mad brain of yours?”
, as John once demonstrated) slips his hands beneath her arms and lifts her up, situating her warm little body into the bend of his left arm.
Perhaps that shattering is what John needed. A relief in the pressure. A shift in the earth. A fold in the tectonics. Sherlock may be a master of masks, but John has his own sort of practised stoicism that conceals the
Sherlock shrugs. “We were both fooled twice. I think Mycroft is long overdue for a little sibling trickery, don’t you?”
If it were possible to bottle a particular point in time, to shove its sights and sounds and smells into a crystal phial and stopper it shut, he would add this one to his ever-expanding trove. He’s already got an impressive number of cherished memories meticulously stored within his mind palace vaults; he collects and stockpiles them like glinting curios pilfered by corvidae, and he knows with complete and total certainty that dancing with his goddaughter would have no trouble finding its place amongst them.
John shakes his head, dark prints of exhaustion framing his eyes as he leads Sherlock down the concrete stairs. Christ, what
“I asked if you had a place to stay. Somewhere other than Baker Street.” John licks his lip and keeps his focus on the back of the driver’s seat. “I’m going to assume that’s a no.”
would take charge, begin damage control, because the quiet is hateful and the low hum of the tanks and the gliding movements of the water are the sole sounds that backdrop the quaking cadence of his own heart—and he cannot bear to hear its incessant thunder.
Because whilst Sherlock was busy being dead, the knowledge that he could return to London and to John in the near future had kept him going. Unravelling Moriarty’s web thread by thread had not been an easy process by any means; to call it mere puzzlework would have been a great disservice to everything involved. Although some of the crimes solved between pursuing contacts and henchmen had been necessary to uproot the remainder of Moriarty’s unsavoury ilk, they were also a pleasant diversion from what had then become the norm: researching, skulking, tracking, hiding, framing, arranging for inconvenient arrests on discovered charges, setting the stage for law enforcement and Mycroft’s people round the world.
So he’d dismissed it. He’d dismissed it because dismissing something is far better than letting it hurt. That is what he has done for years, for decades, and it’s difficult to do otherwise when a behaviour has been so practised it becomes propensity. Letting it pierce the façade rather than roll down his back had never been an option. At the time, he just wasn’t
With a nod, John’s presence begins to fade with the curt footsteps of someone who wishes to be elsewhere.
John straightens himself and gives his bad shoulder a roll. “You know, in times like these, I’m almost a little glad your brother’s in with the government. Flying with an illegal firearm would be rather difficult otherwise.”
“Excellent choice, Watson,” he says. “Even with your limited exposure, you are developing quite the refined taste. You ought to persuade Daddy to let you listen to classical composers more often. Paganini in particular might capture your interest; he’s a favourite of mine. Tell John to start with his
This is what we are drawn to, thinks Sherlock. This is what we’ve got: adrenaline, mysteries, murders. This is who we
It is a matter of time because wherever Sherlock Holmes goes, Doctor John Watson follows. The proof is in the past, the present; it is in the brilliant, hazel-flecked gleam of hurricane cobalt and the impatient drum of blunt fingertips on weathered upholstery.
A moment of silence encases the sitting room. Sherlock continues composing his message to his pair of chosen Irregulars, outlining the timeframes, costumes, and other miscellaneous requirements. His throat is a bit tight and his chest constricts with a sharp curl of discomfort, but that’s the waiting game. He’s waiting for the inevitable, waiting for John, because Sherlock
Halting the routine mid-hum, Sherlock pivots on the ball of his foot to see John leaning against the sitting room’s threshold.
Implications which mean, more or less, that Sherlock is to help to raise Rosie. (Well, excluding all the pious accoutrements.)
“Ha, God forbid,” says John. “I already have to deal with your smug everything. I don’t think I could handle another. One’s bad enough, thanks.”
“Just like the last one. Another dead man’s switch, no doubt.” Sherlock offers it back. “Have you watched it?”
“I wasn’t going to allow her to force a choice between you and Mycroft.” Sherlock increases the pressure between his hands, an ache in his throat,
The screen switches from black to Mary. She looks just as Sherlock remembers: heart-shaped face, dyed-blond hair, eyes like watery slate, mouth turned upon the twist of a knowing smile. He notes the wry gleam in her eye as she stares at the camera, a gleam that is so familiar, so quintessentially Mary, and it does something strange to the fossil in his chest.
Sherlock pauses upon the threshold. A dim bedside lamp illuminates everything within, revealing that John all but permeates the room.
Sherlock unfolds his legs and allows them to stretch, crossed ankles coming to rest by another one of Rosie’s discarded toys on the carpet. Rosie herself seems unperturbed at the shrinking number of stuffed animals on her tray.
They both tread carefully amongst the wreckage. Sherlock follows John’s lead, avoiding charred remnants with measured steps. He swipes up one of the old magnifying glasses from atop a pile of blackened books as he goes; the wooden handle’s shape is a smooth comfort in the curve of his palm, solid and cool.
Mary doesn’t answer, of course. Can’t answer, can’t ever do again, but it’s almost as if she could. These precious few minutes of her wit and charm have been well preserved; her presence seems so achingly real despite the fact that this is a mere shade of the woman who once was.
“Did he?” John swallows the bite, tongue swiping at the corner of his mouth to lick a crumb away. “Well, that’s progress. Very good. Maybe he’ll stomach a sandwich next.”
“Mister Holmes, sir,” says the policeman in the driver’s seat, “will you be needing a lift elsewhere?”
Now alight with the workings of a promising new idea, Sherlock steps over to his chair and snatches his mobile off the end table. He thumbs through the contacts, and after wading through most of his Irregulars, he comes across two names of note and starts a group text with them both.
Sherlock knows he prefers a clean-shaven face, which puts John’s last visit to his flat sometime yesterday. Late morning, most likely. However, that does not quite explain both the facial hair and his presence here.
When the police car finally pulls up to John’s flat, the childminder is already waiting for them. Rosie is in the crook of her arm, the large bag of her supplies placed on the pavement by her feet. A pair of policemen wait with her, chatting amongst themselves; Greg’s doing, no doubt.
“Right, I know it’s an understatement. Just wasn’t sure what else to call it. You’ll forgive me if words aren’t exactly forthcoming right now.”
Sherlock brings his left hand into the front fold of his coat. His fingers brush the placket of his shirt, whispering up his sternum to the small bisected crater notched between his ribs. He presses there, gently, memories eddying amidst the friction.
John nods absently. “If only it were as simple as breaking into his house and giving him a good scare, eh? Would make things a lot easier.”
Because as cross and grief-ridden as John had been, he’d still recognised Sherlock’s clues and sought him out at Culverton Smith’s hospital, and that is significant. John is here—tired and grieving, but still here—which means that despite the exhaustion and the anger and the grief and the total life upheaval, John still considers himself his friend. The ground might be uneven and the footing might be tentative for fear of further tremors, but John is still his friend. That is all that matters.
“Erm, yeah, it did,” says John, “but there wasn’t anything special about it. Just your average parcel. No interesting markings, no handwriting. No return address, either. Already checked.”
“Between the rush service and the tidying and additional expenses all for a thorough remodel?” Sherlock offers a smile. “Most certainly.”
going to take her case. She’s your wife and she saved my life. Taking her case is in everyone’s best interest.”
John stares at him for a moment, mirth flanking his eyes in wide crinkles, and then he laughs. He laughs, full and hearty, and Sherlock can’t help but join him.
like I couldn’t see the cipher. If there was another choice, a better one, it might have ended things that much sooner. We might have been spared Musgrave Hall. Less people would have had to die.”
). He is close enough to see the spikes of hazel threaded through each iris, close enough to see the silver in John’s hair and the laugh lines bracketing his mouth and the concern creased over his brow.
Three steps ahead, John stops at the sitting room threshold. His hands perch upon his hips as he surveys the damage, eyes drifting from the filthy leather sofa to the splintered slab of the table and then to the pair of armchairs upturned on either side of the mantelpiece. Debris of various sorts litters the scorched flooring; the once plush carpet has now become a refuge for burnt pages, fractured glass, and ashen artefacts. The garish wallpaper is most definitely ruined.
As he walks, he allows himself to dip back into the muzzy memory, replete with rain and chill and the salty tang of chips. The scene pauses with Faith’s note held in his hands, the tang of extensive spices on its surface and Moriarty’s words scrawled underneath in secret, The Woman Who Is Not Faith poised upon the weary client’s pedestal in the sitting room’s centre.
. I know your attention span isn’t the longest—not at your age, can’t be helped—but they should be short enough to keep it for a while. Maybe your dad will let me play them for you the next time you come round for a visit, hm? Best to introduce you early.”
Sherlock frowns. “But what if Rosie wakes? You’ll be down here. I’m not going to kick you out of your own bed, John.”
“My point is you’re not going to get anything out of him,” says John. “Not unless he’s in the middle of dealing with some dire situation or something like he was before. I used to think he was this pompous unflappable prick, but no. Turns out he’s quite flappable when family’s involved.”
A lot would happen, he imagines. Or perhaps nothing at all. Either he would grieve as John currently grieves with fits of recalcitrant rage and tremoring sorrow, or the rest of the colour in the world would bleed away into a bleak chiaroscuro.
“Ah, see there? I’m not the only one who thinks so. We’ve got you outnumbered.” John paths over to his chair and strokes his fingers through his daughter’s sandy hair. “Good girl, Rosie. Very good girl. Yeah, you see right through his stroppy glares, don’t you? You know he can be a ridiculously smug git when he wants to be.”
After a moment of fumbling for his keys (and Sherlock taking Rosie’s bag), John shows him in. It hasn’t changed much since Sherlock saw it last: minimal, functional, open, clean. The hardwood floors are spotless beneath his mud-touched shoes, so he shucks them off at the rug by the doorway before he proceeds. John mimics him as he locks the door, swapping a sleepy yet grumpy Rosie from one arm to the other, and then crosses the room to head upstairs.
“Yes. After everything, I started to think I’d hallucinated it. Faith, the note, the entire encounter. It wouldn’t have accounted for all the things I knew, but I had no other explanation.” He retreats to the kitchen, pops open a drawer by the sink, and grabs the blacklight torch from within. “Not until yesterday.”
“Right, see, that’s what I was talking about. That’s the look right there. Brilliant idea, already started, probably dangerous, but didn’t tell anybody about it so it shouldn’t be a surprise if a criminal pops in.” John presses his cheek into his palm, recrossing his legs. “So, what exactly did you have in mind for this supposedly harmless sibling trickery, hm? You
John lapses into sudden silence. His gaze drops down to stare at Faith’s elongated script, evasive, and a muscle jumps in his jaw. He works down a thick swallow, fingers pressing crinkles into the paper.
With luck, the hairline cracks through his seams will continue to lessen and mend (because these are John’s scars, he realises; there must be time and the emotional equivalent of aloe vera), and the guilt and grief will start to ease. There might be a time in the near future where their silence might grow companionable once more, and Sherlock finds himself wondering how long such a process might take. It’s true that their friendship once survived the test of Sherlock’s death and has now survived the test of Mary’s, but that does not mean John is without resentment or heartache.
Sherlock stares beyond John, beyond Mycroft, and focusses on the cool slate of the wall. The air is stagnant and warm. Adrenaline pools in the pit of his stomach, a bilious, roiling, corrosive whorl.
“Right. Okay. Hang on.” John leans over in his periphery and grabs hold of something. “If I lift the bed, will it be too much?”
And because Sherlock is in hospital with an IV in the crook of his arm and morphine numbing his nerves, there is no distraction he can provide. If this were any other situation, Sherlock would sweep him up in a whirlwind and bring him on a case because that is the fix they both crave: danger and adrenal highs amalgamated with the irresistible elements of mystery and allure. It combats both boredom and the encroaching presence of intrusive thoughts, the latter of which John presently suffers from, and Sherlock can offer him no relief because John’s own wife saw fit to incapacitate him by means of a surgical bullet.
Sherlock ignores the question and instead glances down at the gauze set along the bottom of his ribcage. The tape is fresh, he notes. No longer peeling from sweat or exertion. No red or pink in the material, either; no massive bleeding. The dressing must have been changed at some point between his collapse at Baker Street and his admission here. He doesn’t remember pulling any stitches in the midst of things, but that means very little. The morphine had run out far sooner than he’d anticipated, which meant enduring a great deal more than he’d been equipped to manage.
(Home: the place where John is. Always, always where John is. Whether that is 221B Baker Street or a flat in the suburbs or a skybound altitude in the stratosphere or an open ravine in the ocean floor, home will always be where John is.)
“Five so far,” says Sherlock, “though their effectiveness is debatable and two require hospitalisation.”
The aftermath of Sherrinford and Musgrave Hall still feels too fresh, too raw, an uncomfortable gnawing somewhere down in the uncertain depths of him, but he knows (he
“The ‘I’ve just got a brilliant idea but it’s probably dangerous so I’m going to be all mysterious about it’ look.”
“She… tucked her hair back,” says John, carefully, “and behind her ear was the plastic daisy, the one I’d had that one morning. I don’t know how she got it. I’d brought it back with me; I remember taking it out of my jacket and putting it with Rosie’s things. I knew something was wrong, I knew the moment I saw it, but then she changed her voice, and—that was it. I recognised it. Her. From the bus.”
“Yeah, well, it’s a bit easier for her, isn’t it? Her feet can’t touch the ground. Tripping’s a bit difficult when someone else has got you several feet up.” John looks back down at his daughter, adoration creasing his smile, and drops a kiss on her downy head. “That isn’t to say your dancing wasn’t lovely, Rosie. It was very lovely. Very lovely, indeed. You’re a natural. Himself over there might disagree, but—”
“I wonder if that’s something we did when we were young,” he says. “Played what was in ourselves rather than mimicking others’ work.”
When those same footsteps pause halfway across the sitting room (one beat, two, a tarrying third) and then proceed to come back the way they came, Sherlock can feel the entire scope of the world narrow and narrow until it closes in on the strong, warm hand that settles on his right shoulder.
?” God, his throat is dry. He needs water. Sherlock coughs on reflex, and then an overwhelming pain lances through his sternum, bright and fiery and intense, enough to cloud his vision, and—oh, this is
“Did you hear that, Rosie?” John’s voice softens into a lilt as he addresses her, but his gaze remains on Sherlock. “Now that’s some very high praise, isn’t it? If Sherlock thinks you’re a natural, it must be true.”
John halts, the edges of his voice creaking, hoarse, and he brings a blanched fist against his mouth to stifle it down.
“A little. It’s difficult to say.” Sherlock lifts the covers and crawls in. The space beneath is cool against his toes, the duvet heavy and pleasant over him. “I don’t think the hard drive has caught up to the transport quite yet.”
“Well, sort of. I said, ‘There’s another one, isn’t there?’ And he said, ‘No,’ all serious and foreboding, but there was a—a pause before he said it. You know, that ‘oh, I’ve been caught out’ kind of pause, like he couldn’t believe I’d figured it out.” John runs palm over the rest of his face with a tired sort of aggravation. “Didn’t have much time to press him, though. Missus Hudson came up after that and things went in an entirely different direction. The DVD and all.”
There are hundreds of words that crowd the space of his throat, each vying for presence upon his tongue. They all squeeze and stretch and strain together against his Adam’s apple, things like
Because, really, what does one say at a time like this? “Please accept my heartfelt apologies that your wife lied to you the entire time you knew her and not only lied about anything and everything but also held a profession in assassination until about six years ago; do chin up”?
“I’m not so certain.” Sherlock flattens his hands together in the dark, savouring the pressure between his lifelines. “I keep thinking through the scenarios, trying to remember if there was something I missed, if there was something I just couldn’t
“Well, they must know to some extent, obviously, though I’d wager their knowledge stops sometime before adolescence.”
—exactly when and where I was going to look for another therapist, and exactly who I would choose. Just like you. Imagine that, eh? Anticipating everything a person does before they even do it.” His fingers tap absent patterns upon the armrests. “Definitely a family trait.”
“No. Moriarty is dead. That is irrefutable fact. He blew his brains out.” Sherlock switches off the torch and sets it on the end table. “But despite him being dead, someone aired footage of him all over London to make me think he wasn’t. Awful lot of trouble to revive a dead man, don’t you think? Nothing seemed to come of it then, but now it’s well over a year later and we’ve just found a note with those exact words. Connection? Maybe. Not improbable. I can’t know for certain, not until we know more, too many variables, but the note—that’s what it implies. Or at least attempts to imply. Copycats do exist, so a false lead isn’t an impossible leap. But to have one appear after all this time?”
that always pushes and presses down underneath: stress and strain, joints and faults, plate boundaries, orogenesis. Tamping it all down with no outlet is sure to cause some kind of cataclysm (Sherlock knows; he has learnt this more than once), and that cataclysm just so happened to occur at 221B Baker Street, leaving a quiet, shaking John in its aftermath.
He can’t fathom it. There are few events which might make him grieve, and he has experienced none of them. The one he would feel most keenly would be a permanent absence of John, and the thought of John not existing isn’t something with which he can come to terms. It’s implausible, impossible, an undefined concept; it’s division by zero. John exists now, has existed for four decades, and will continue to exist for decades to come. John has become a fixed point in his life, an anchor, something he can count on to keep himself in check, and he doesn’t know what would happen if that point were to simply stop being.
Sherlock withdraws the pocketknife from its appointed place amidst the scarred wood grain. He tosses it into an upward arc, swipes it at the grip mid-air, and then promptly stabs the edge of Faith’s note.
This John doesn’t wear a wedding band and he doesn’t go on frivolous dates with meaningless girlfriends. Instead, this John indulges him with ballroom dances in Baker Street’s sitting room and celebratory post-case takeaway. This John leans into his shoulder in the back of a cab, calling him ‘amazing’ and ‘extraordinary’ and ‘brilliant’ with a gleam in his eyes. This John takes his hand and holds it, lifeline to lifeline, intermittent tremor evaporating with the night’s end. This John licks his lips and says,
Still, thinks Sherlock, the flat’s not unsalvageable. The sitting room’s overall structure is good despite the shattered windows. Nothing collapsed or fell through into Mrs Hudson’s below. The kitchen has healthy amounts of detritus and broken glass beyond its dislocated gliding doors and it could use a thorough cleaning, but the incident appears to have inflicted no lasting damage beyond the melted lino.
There must have been some sort of dead man’s switch in place, he thinks. Very clever. Considering her background and the fallout of AGRA, it would make sense. If she stopped reporting somewhere, stopped texting a certain number, stopped paying a certain bill, stopped whatever trigger, the live-condition would cease to be met and the parcel would be sent.
Rosie makes a nonsense noise and reaches out for him with questing fingers. Intrigued, he brings her closer only to have her hand grasp at his nose. She squeezes with the smallest amount of pressure, all that her still-developing muscles can apply, her pretty eyes growing wide with wonder.
With a raised eyebrow, John accepts the note and flips it open. “Ah. So this was your evidence, was it? This is why you were so convinced.”
“She’s… home,” says John. “At the flat. Doing only God knows what; I haven’t been round. And I’ve—I’m still—” He sets his jaw, drawing another harsh inhale through his nose. “I’m not ready to face that. Not yet. So I came here. Because, yeah, you pretended to be dead for two years without a word as best friends are wont to do, but you also haven’t lied to me about your entire past since the day we met, and that’s… well. That’s something.”
Sherlock looks away, the insistent prickle of eye contact almost too much to bear. At the edge of his vision, John switches on the telly and sets the remote down on the coffee table.
There’s something familiar about how John folds in, about how his body behaves. Sherlock is well-versed in its diction after all these years and there is rather little of John he cannot read; the man is as well-known to Sherlock as a beloved storybook to a child. The translation takes a moment, image-to-word and word-to-context, but the deep forehead crease, the thin line of his mouth, sudden tension in his shoulders, the marked avoidance of eye contact—Sherlock has seen it all before, and right in this very sitting room.
“It might be,” admits Sherlock. “I can’t speculate with complete accuracy, not with how little we know. But it’s clear she’s on the run, which would imply her previous life as an intelligence agent had something of a sinister element. It could be worse, yes. Or it could simply be typical work of the trade. Not a lighthearted set of information in either case.”
Slowly, Sherlock takes another step backward. Away from John, away from Mary. Not even the urge to rub his fingers or press his hands together can plunge through the shock.
Sherlock continues to rub his fingers, eyes fixed on the remnants of his violin. “No,” he says. “At least not today. I think that’s something I’m still… processing.”
“Yeah. Right. Of course. ‘Addicted to a certain lifestyle’.” John’s voice hews with an ireful edge. “How could I forget.”
“Well,” says Mycroft, hands climbing up to his collar, his tie, smoothing and straightening, an adjustment most prim, and Sherlock can’t help but smile, “I suppose there is a heart somewhere inside me. I don’t imagine it’s much of a target, but… why don’t we try for that?”
“Oh, God, no. As absolutely terrifying as the idea of an omnipotent Sherlock Holmes is, I think that’s more Mycroft’s area. Leaving bugs everywhere, abusing CCTV and all that. A bee could sneeze in Brixton and he’d know about it.” John offers a smirk of his own. “Still, genius as you are, you can’t take credit for this one. You’d never even know it was forty-seven cities if it wasn’t for me.”
Sherlock places Rosie’s bag on the charcoal sofa across from the telly and takes a seat. He glances round the room, absorbing the environment in which John and Rosie Watson live.
And if he’s honest, he wouldn’t really mind. More videos, that is. More dead man’s switches delivering more pre-recorded disks. Hearing her voice might pick at the fossil of guilt still earthed deep within the vault of his chest, but he still misses her, remembers her, and having her check in once in a while, even in the posthumous form of a DVD…
Because John is a fixed point. There is no doubt about that. Since their meeting at Bart’s, Sherlock’s life has shifted to include one obstinate John Watson.
The rest of it all seems to bleed together. Sherlock’s brain feels like it’s buzzing underneath his skull and her words clamber together in a haphazard mesh that catches sharply in the depths of his chest like Texidor’s twinge. Her voice is so familiar, familiar in a way that borders on painful, and he knows she may be talking from static data written into the surface of a compact disk but if he closes his eyes, closes them even for the smallest moment, it’s almost like she’s standing right here with the two of them.
I truly would be lost without my blogger, he thinks. Utterly and completely lost. Do you even know? Surely you must. I’ve told you once before, but now it’s empirical. I’ve got so much data on the matter I could drown in it.
you. I mean… it’s Mycroft. You know him. He keeps secrets for a living. It’s going to take a hell of a lot more than a little chat to get him to come clean. The only reason I discovered anything is because he slipped up when you were—well, you know. He was frustrated. Worried. Maybe a bit of both. He wasn’t thinking clearly.”
“She’s my therapist,” says John. “Or at least she pretended to be. She stuffed the real one in the airing cupboard, apparently. That was a fun phone call. It’s been her this entire time. She suspected—no, she
“They’ve locked the windows this time. I wonder if you’re the only patient they’ve done that for.” John huffs a soft laugh as he takes the empty cup and tosses it in the nearby bin. “Did you really climb all the way down to the pavement? The window was open when Lestrade and I came by. You did, didn’t you?”
Mulling this over, Sherlock hops to his feet and begins to pace round the sitting room. He makes a total of two circuits as he sorts through more childhood memories, opening and closing mind palace doors like manila case folders on Lestrade’s desk. Lots of Christmases, birthdays, outings, holidays spent by the lakeshore. The various figures of his younger years come as no particular surprise. Mum and Dad. Mycroft. Redbeard. Friendly neighbours. His parents’ friends. Still nothing whatsoever about a sister.
And it’s terrible, he thinks, that he still feels this way. That after all this time, he still feels this way, still,
So, Mycroft knows. That is why he is goading Sherlock with these cutting barbs. That is why he is disparaging everything John Watson with unrivalled hauteur. That is why. Mycroft knows. Mycroft
shoot him, damn her), but he does not blame her entirely. If he examines the circumstances through her eyes, complicated as they are, there was little else she could have done. Not if she’d wanted to keep things intact. She is a liar and an (ex?-)intelligence agent and a great many other things, but she is also sentimental. She could have killed Sherlock in that office, but she didn’t. She also could have left him to bleed out, but she didn’t. Even if it was only out of love for John, she let Sherlock live, and that is something he must consider.
It was a gradual phenomenon at first, as the axis seemed content to inch away at its own leisure, but now it has shifted so that not only is John included, he has become central. John is the nexus, the core, the first and the foremost; John is necessary. He is a constant, a continuum, something that anchors Sherlock to the world in a way he has never experienced. John is an integral feature not unlike the limbic system and its host of inconveniences, and Sherlock would have it no other way.
Am I capable now? he wonders, knuckles blanching round the knife’s cool metal grip. I’ve felt affection. I’ve felt anger. I’ve felt guilt. I’ve felt pain and sorrow. Is that not enough?
John heaves a sigh. “You’re going to hold that over my head forever, aren’t you? You know it wasn’t on purpose. I lost my footing! There was a wrinkle in the carpet; my shoe caught the edge when we circled round, and—”
Yes. Yes, he must be logical about this. He must remain unobjective. Divorce the sentiment, the misplaced envy, the low thrum of panic. Now is neither the time nor the place. Only facts matter. Everything else is irrelevant.
A heaviness pours into the narrow space between them as if it were a mould. Sherlock can feel John across the mattress as he fidgets, hands locking together, shoulders nudging against the pillow.
“Difficult.” Sherlock gives a considering nod. “Also accurate. A bit of an understatement, but accurate nonetheless.”
John sits across from him in his chair with the Union Jack, a marked tension canting his shoulders. He leans forward with his elbows propped on his knees, hands clasped together, frown set. The indicative little furrow through John’s brow implies the severe gravity of the situation, and yet Sherlock can’t make sense of four little words.
? Jesus Christ. That’s—” John pauses, seeming lost for words. “Right. Okay. And Eurus just, you know, had this three million quid violin lying about. What for?”
“Bit hard to believe, isn’t it? The stone-faced visage of the British government having fears. Rather incongruous with the image he presents. Yes, he’s got a childhood fear, and we’re going to use it to our advantage.”
That is the thought that ricochets in endless diagonals and scatter-shot vertices against the inner spaces of his skull. It imbues the milliseconds, saturates the air, bleeds through his cells like osmosis. It is desperation in perpetual reprise: it should have been me, it should have been me, it should have been me, it should have been me.
Mousy hair pulled into a dishevelled bun, Molly nudges in with her handbag hooked over her shoulder, thin grey cardigan unbuttoned at the throat. She smiles at John and then at Sherlock—and it changes there, he notes, lessening, shaping with what might be concern—before she weaves her way round the other tables to where they have sequestered themselves in the very corner.
Unbidden, he thinks of Victor. He thinks of the childhood friend he could never remember, of the little boy his mind had masked into something that was not a boy at all. He thinks of him down, down at the bottom of a well, damp and dark and with a rising water line that a young child would find far too much to overcome. Small body, smaller lungs, a fraction of an adult’s stamina; if it was not hunger or exposure, it would have been the water.
John adjusts in the seat beside him, untucking the blanket from around his shoulders to place upon his lap. Sherlock can hear the rustle of it pulling from behind John’s back and then the soft sweep of it ghosting across his knees. It’s an odd sound to take comfort in, but it taps into a different memory.
) to come home to, and he’d naïvely thought everything would remain unchanged. He’d thought John would still be at Baker Street, patient and waiting, that he wouldn’t seek comfort or forge new relationships or… well. Move on.
After said three overlarge bags had been deposited onto the sitting room sofa (and John’s much smaller two onto the table), Mrs Hudson had brought up tea and an early morning breakfast, where John had poured milk into the teacups and munched on jam-glossed toast and crispy rashers whilst Rosie made vague gurgles of interest, and Sherlock had, to his own surprise, ate his veggie-stuffed omelette with something rather like relish.
John releases a breathy exhale. “Okay. So, you’re going to—what, see if she’s still got it? After everything that’s happened?”
Mary should have come forward, he thinks. He knows why she didn’t (selfishness; he knows it very well), but it would have been better for everyone if she had. All of this could have been avoided if she’d just
“Quite right. Same time next year, then?” Sherlock thumbs the buttercream from the side of his mouth and tries for a smile.
Sherlock died, and that entanglement had been left to unspool in his absence. He’d spent the better part of two years chasing criminals abroad whilst his heart thrummed away within the walls of London, an ever-present reminder that he had something (some
“That’s insane,” says John, and there is that familiar tone of awe, the tone Sherlock has tried so very hard not to miss. “So, what, she anticipated your deductions ahead of time and dressed accordingly? But you were off your head. You could’ve—I don’t know, misinterpreted something. How could she have possibly done all that?”
“Hardly. I prefer genius. Much more modest. And realistic.” Sherlock smirks up at him. “Are you implying I’m some omnipotent deity?”
Sherlock comes to an abrupt stop by the closest window and yanks the curtains open. Afternoon sunshine filters between the drapes in an open wedge, bright and warm despite the autumnal chill encroaching beyond the glass.
A second of stillness passes, and then John seems to feel the quiet press of Sherlock’s gaze. He meets it with a turn of his head.
Perhaps it’s the change of environment, but in the soft, warm light of the cake shop and all its dessert-themed decorations and sugar-infused confections, he seems… better. Livelier. As if this John were an entirely separate entity from the shivery, quaking thing Sherlock had enfolded in his arms at Baker Street.
Sherlock shrinks back another step, small and exposed and utterly powerless. Adrenaline still threads through his veins, floods his nervous system, adheres tremors to his bones with every systole, and yet all conceivable outlets remain forbidden. He can’t pace, he can’t run, he can’t rock, he can’t shout, he can’t cry. There is so much pulling and pushing within that the writhing plexus of it all leaves him in stagnant deadlock. The Earth has paused on its axis, suspended in a horribly vacant pocket outside the cosmos, and there is nothing he can do to set it right.
With a systematic carefulness, Sherlock sheds his Belstaff, slips it on the hanger, and places it onto the hook on the back of the door. He then snatches the toothbrush and peels it out of its packaging as he enters the loo. After dropping the plastic into the bin, he turns on the tap, snags the toothpaste from the shelf beneath the mirror, and cleans his teeth. Once he’s finished, he sets the brush on the lip of the washbasin and gathers up his temporary set of pyjamas.
“I don’t know. For show, I think. Maybe boredom. Proof she could get anything she wanted. But she had me play it. She gave it to me, put it through the cell’s item transfer. Said it was a gift.” He taps out a short message to Mycroft. “Of course, that was before I realised there wasn’t any glass separating us. She knocked me out not long after. I don’t know what happened to the Strad.”
The bike John uses to commute (three days per week) lies propped against the wall by the entryway. A couple of newspapers (six days old), books (John’s), and magazines (from the post) make their home upon the pinewood coffee table. Miscellaneous baubles of varying sorts (Mary’s) nestle amongst themselves in the nearby shelving. Various glasses and dishes (purchased two years ago) have been situated in the cupboards in the floral-patterned wall behind him along with other unrelated trinkets and knickknacks (purchased on a whim) and a bottle of whisky (purchased out of grief).
“What? I do mean that, you know.” John nudges him with his elbow. “At the risk of inflating your ego somewhere beyond its normal astronomical proportions, you’re actually quite brilliant.”
And really, now that he thinks about it, is that not what he’s done? From a distance, yes, for the most part, but he has taken a more present role ever since Mary had absconded from London. All of Rosie’s godparents have, in fact. Molly has pitched in sans complaints and Mrs Hudson has accepted the youngest Watson with her usual bubbly mien. Sherlock has stepped up to do his part as well, and with far less grousing than what he’s sure John has come to expect.
Sherlock folds himself further into his chair and crosses his legs. Bringing his hands together in front of his mouth, he stares at the carpet by John’s shoes and delves through the halls of his mind palace to locate old memories.
These were obviously premeditated events. They were purposeful. They had intent. John was deliberately sought out by this woman, this… Eurus. He was targeted, manipulated, pulled directly into her plans.
Sherlock gives the finished message a once over. Satisfied, he presses send and slips his mobile into his trouser pocket. If his conjectures are correct and the respective recipients are receptive to his offer, within the next hour he will have the start of a very elaborate scheme that will knock a certain government representative down a few pegs.
There are a great many terrible things that could have happened today, he thinks. Things that could have prevented John from sharing this space in the back of a police car. Things that could have stolen his last breaths. Things that could have made this single moment in time an impossibility.
Sherlock spears a piece of chocolate and brings it to his mouth. The pleasant shock of sugar zips in an electric zing on his tongue. He watches John’s familiar figure dip through the shop door, sunshine gilding the silver glints in his hair. He watches until the last bit of John’s coat disappears beyond the window and out of sight.
“Fear is extremely powerful, yes,” agrees Sherlock, reminded of Baskerville and its manufactured horrors. “If used in the correct way, it can expose or conceal a great deal. Priorities, weaknesses, knowledge. Not a bad advantage.”
“Well, if you think you can handle Rosie and her fussing, that is,” John amends, directing his attention back toward the seat. “She sleeps through most nights, but every now and again she fancies getting up at three in the morning to test her lungs.”
He snaps rigid with the revelation and his eyes dart toward the mantelpiece. Nestled beside the framed bat and beetles and the old magnifying glasses and the other charming mantel-curios is the note he’d received well over a month ago in the midst of a late evening with Faith Smith. It lies folded upon the knife-marked wood with its misshapen memories in the form of inky scribbles. The data poured upon the page had been obvious to him that evening, even while high, but the hidden piece, the missing information, the
An unsettling weight cements itself atop his stomach. The excitement that has been snapping through his veins ratchets up a notch and tips over its blade-thin edge into something tight and twisty and wrong. It drops, leaden, into his extremities, into the too-tight hollow of his chest, and he lets it stop him in the middle of the carpet, the texture of its fibres soft and plush under his bare arches.
“Oh, shut up.” Sherlock heaves a vexed sigh. “Right. So, he deflected, lied, anything to throw you off, but that wasn’t enough because Mycroft is a terrible liar when caught unprepared. Doesn’t take a genius to read body language, so you saw straight through him.”
Several minutes pass before the lights of London start to skip through the darkness. They wink beyond the car windows in the far distance, soon unfurling into a xanthous patina over the approaching cityscape. The murmur of the engine and the faint susurrus of the police radio provide a comfortable, familiar quiet. The officers in front exchange words amongst themselves, but nothing more.
“Did you know,” he says, pressing the cursor into the message box, “that Eurus had a Stradivarius at Sherrinford?”
Instantly, the surrounding courtroom’s sloping architecture and open seating alchemises into the cold, impersonal quarters of an office. Heavy security reads in the alloys of the walls, the metals of the reinforced door; the rich mahogany desk is the only shock of colour amongst the monochrome.
He watches as John sections off another bit of lemon sponge with his fork. It’s methodical, the way he does it, working from soft yellow centre to glossy-white glaze. It aligns with many of his other predictable yet charming behaviours, and it makes Sherlock think of simpler days, the ones long before the threads of Moriarty’s influence fully came together: a serial killing cabbie, an international smuggling ring, hallucinations in Dartmoor.
The eye contact almost burns. Sherlock clasps his hands behind his back and looks out the window where it’s safe, where it isn’t John, where it’s okay to stare, where fleeting prickles won’t dig. He wills himself to be impassive because that taut, inexorable tangle of longing threatens and threatens and threatens to close his throat and suffuse his lungs, but he can’t quite get it right. The small smile tucked at the end of his mouth refuses to vanish.
right here, you know,” says Sherlock, staring pointedly at his cake and not at John or his mouth. “Are these inane reports really necessary?”
“Not what I was suggesting.” John clears his throat, working his jaws for a moment. “Right. Well, I’m for a shower. I’ve got some clothes you can borrow after yours. Already laid them out for you upstairs. Might be a bit short, but I reckon they’re better than sleeping in a suit.”
“It has been a pleasure, Miss Watson,” he says in a most courteous tone, “but it appears your father has come to spirit you away. Shall we continue this another time?”
“Mm, not arguing there. Only consolation was that this place was a little less burnt when you were off your head.” John pulls a short sigh, all too audible in the muffled silence of the flat, and says, “Well, suppose we ought to give it a once over, yeah? See if there’s anything we can save before they bin it all.”
Because he’s right. John is right. Sherlock had vowed to be there for all three Watsons. He’d vowed to be there always, to protect John’s family no matter the circumstances, and he’d failed.
At any other time, in any other place, it might have been a revelation Sherlock would have denied with uncharacteristic vehemence (he is my closest friend; that’s it, that’s all there is, that’s everything; what more do you want me to say?), but at this very moment with the three of them trapped deep within the labyrinthine depths of Sherrinford prison and with no choice but to participate in his sister’s sadistic experiments, it feels a lot like comfort. Like solace. Like relief.
It definitely does say something, doesn’t it? It does. Yes, it does, of course it does, he’s sure of it, but whatever that something happens to be isn’t a thing he can currently afford to examine. Those thoughts are better left to the ethereal hours that haunt the long stretch between midnight and morning; daylight now breaks between the sills and the glass, and he knows there can be no room for such things here.
“Well, it’s not as if we had an hour-long chat about secret siblings and sinister plots,” says John. “She was impersonating a therapist, so it was—well, it was like any other session, you know? We talked about how things were going, how I was. About… coping. Work. We talked about Rosie. Talked about you, Mycroft. Normal stuff. It was all fine ‘til she mentioned ‘the other one’ at the end. That’s what clued me in.”
Someone in this room must die, he thinks, working his jaw. If I don’t make this choice, Eurus will punish us with something worse.
. He has already murdered Charles Magnussen and now he is about to murder Mycroft Holmes. What next? Who else will follow? Doctor John Watson always follows; the proof is here, now, in the tense of a jaw and the clench of a fist. If he chooses this path, makes this irrevocable decision, will John still die in this hellish place?)
“Right. Obvious.” John makes an amused noise as he scoops up another healthy portion of his slice. “Well, cake or no, this is what you’ve got to look forward to for the next four hours. Make sure he eats something other than sugar, yeah?”
Despite all he has been through with John, this is new territory. That isn’t to say that sleeping in the same room is new, because it isn’t—past cases have brought them to the same hotel room more than once, not to mention the times they have both fallen asleep in the sitting room whilst researching—but the fact that he will be wearing John’s clothes in John’s room in John’s own bed inflicts an extrasystolic stutter upon his heart.
How empty it must have felt, he thinks, dragging a hand beneath his Belstaff to press against the seam of his scar. How heavy and crushing it must have been. John is such a stalwart figure, showing only the most steadfast resolve in the face of danger, and yet the absence of a single person in his life had begun to weather even him to ruin. Sherlock once thought grief a foreign concept he could only imagine, but tonight has proven it’s a concept with which he is all too familiar—so familiar that he’d managed to rewrite his own childhood memories—and he doesn’t know what he is supposed to do.
John appears unfazed by all of this. “So, what’s happening, then? What are we doing? Going after Mycroft?”
It lasts for barely a moment before the axis shifts. And when it does, the John of present day sits before him once more with silver in his hair and lemon on his fork.
Well, not completely. But it would have been stopped for a while. Until old age. Or an older age, at any rate. Assassins and others whose professions lie in the intelligence field tend not to last quite as long as their mundane countrymen, but if she’d wanted her death later rather than sooner, she could have had it. She’d deserved that much. The choice. The opportunity. Bleeding out on the floor of London Aquarium from a coward’s bullet is not the death she should have had.
“What? Don’t you act like it isn’t. The both of you can be ridiculously smug. Really, I’d think it was in your DNA if your parents weren’t so bloody normal.”
written on the note had not, in fact, been in Mary’s hand), and he inserts a mental note in the form of a knife at its corner to further research and analyse the ink’s ingredients.
“With a tranquilliser, yeah. Must’ve been out for a good hour. Maybe two. Told me she’s Sherlock’s secret sister then pulled a gun and shot a bloody dart in me. So not only did she predict where I’d look for a therapist and who I’d choose, but she put on a show, too. Unveiled everything bit by bit, not unlike somebody else I know.” He laughs, flighty and a bit exasperated. “Always with the dramatics. That’s just—God, that’s just the default state for a Holmes, isn’t it? Drama queens, the whole lot of you. Christ, you’d think I’d be used to it by now.”
“That’s not what I meant.” John makes a noise, exasperated yet concerned. “It’s just, you know, you’ve been through a lot these past—Jesus, I don’t even know how long it’s been. Twelve hours? Sixteen? Longer? I’ve no idea. Look, the point is you’ve been through hell and back tonight, almost literally, and that has to be… difficult.”
Sherlock knows the statement he made whilst walking the world like Lazarus of Bethany had been false in its entirety. That is demonstrable. Undeniable. It had been borne of hurt and dismay; pathos to the very core. However, the reverse was—and still is—terribly true.
He made himself and Sherlock a cuppa, setting Sherlock’s next to his chair before sitting down on his own chair.
“Central London, that's quite the location. You're sexy and well off, then?” Collin said, voice dripping with lust.
He was asked if he had any pictures to supply for the funeral, but he could barely stand to look through his phone. He only had to look at the latest picture he took to find it too hard to continue. It was a picture of Sherlock at St. Bart’s looking into his microscope. The bright lights of the lab such a stark contrast to his fitting dark clothes and curly brown hair.
John was a bit surprised at how receptive Sherlock was. They had never really talked about their respective sex lives, and John assumed Sherlock didn’t really have one. He was obviously wrong, this was no virgin kiss. It was taking a lot of effort to resist ripping off his clothes and taking him right now. He took one hand from Sherlock's neck and slid it down his chest to his waist band. He slipped his fingers under the detective’s shirt and onto his hip bone.
The man obliged, but took off running. Sherlock took a second to recover before bolting after him, John following close behind.
They made their way towards the street, Sherlock's usually graceful gait was tinged with a drunkenness that made John smile.
The first time John took a picture of Sherlock was mostly by accident. It happened while he was figuring out  the new smartphone Sherlock had bought him. Sherlock insisted he needed one because he texted too slow with his “terrible outdated piece of crap”. John protested that he was fine with the one he had, but gave up convincing Sherlock to take it back after Sherlock told him he had bought it on Mycroft's card and not his own
“Right, then- cheers,” John held up his glass, and Sherlock returned the gesture, clinking the glasses together.
“Your jaw- did he hurt you?” John asked once he could breathe again. He reached up to touch the red spot forming on Sherlock's chin.
“Of course I love you, John, I killed a man for you, I would kill myself for you, and nearly have. I feel like that much is obvious. I've told you before that it's always you, that you keep me right, because it is always you.”
“Look at this fag- you think you can scare us?!” the tallest of the boys said standing up from the table so he was eye to eye with Sherlock.
John sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Right, I don't want to keep Rosie up any longer, I suppose I'll stay.”
“No, no- Sherlock- I know you tried to get yourself killed by that serial killer because you were trying to save me, and I know shooting yourself was the only way out of that death maze… and you know I am not good at this- this stuff, these talks. And I did do wrong, I have literally punched you multiple times. I still really hate that you had to pretend to die and leave me broken hearted and alone, but I know Moriarty threatened me, Molly told me. And I hate that you overdosed after Magnussen-”
John turned around to say something, but Sherlock was already out of his chair and making his way over to the table of 20-somethings, all grace and curls and eyes like daggers. John felt a shiver go through him and settle low in his belly.
John looked quizzically at Sherlock. Maybe he had already known John would say yes, he probably did, but there was no point in arguing. It was probably some ridiculous experiment but, he could use a night out anyway, and he was off of the surgery tomorrow, so why not?
“At least try and get some sleep and eat something before we go out tonight, Sherlock, I know you're a lightweight and I don't want to wake up to Greg screaming again.” John smirked as he went to tend to his daughter.
John slid his hand around Sherlock's back to pull him closer, but then he stopped. Even tipsy he couldn't mistake the feeling of… scars?
John pulled away breathlessly, “So, I hope you don’t mind sharing a bedroom, Rosie will need her own.”
He smiled fondly at a picture of Sherlock, all grace and energy with his collar turnt up at Baskerville. Then he flipped to a picture he had taken of both of them awkwardly trying to figure out the self facing camera one night at Angelo's, and the next picture which Angelo himself had offered to take of them both sitting at the table- candle between them. Sherlock was looking at John in the picture, he looked so calm, his expression so soft. He continued to flip through for another few minutes before falling asleep, phone in hand, and tea going cold on the side table next to him.
Sherlock smiled softly, suddenly all too aware of how close he was to John's face. John let his hand linger on Sherlock's jaw as he stared at the taller man.
“No, its fine.” Sherlock answered, his voice betraying him and shaking slightly at John's touch. “could have been a lot worse if you hadn't intervened.”
They just stood like that for a few seconds, John's hand still in the air and Sherlock's face turned away, eyes covered by his now messy curls.
“Joh-” John cut him off with a kiss, biting Sherlock's soft lower lip, begging to be let in for more.
“What, Sherlock? What could you possibly have to say now?! You go off and get yourself nearly killed all the time, you never tell me anything, you leave me to think you've been dead for two years, I leave you for a month and you overdose, and then I leave you for four minutes and you overdose again, then you almost get murdered by a crazy serial killer, then you try and shoot yourself in front of me in that rat maze your sister made. Of course it's “obvious”. Why would I ever think I could be more to you than a convenience for you to impress or drunkenly sleep with?!”
“No, Sherlock. It's not that either…” Sherlock tries to read John's face but was unable to figure out what was wrong. “I don’t know.”
It wasn’t until after Sherrinford that John he started up again. He had realized that he couldn’t afford his flat alone, and asked Sherlock if it could be possible to move back in to his old room.
“I know 11 completely untraceable poisons and 127 places within a 100 mile radius that no one will ever find you.” Sherlock’s voice was low and serious.
“Let him go, now.” John nearly screamed, his gun pointing at a bulky man with an arm around Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock leaned down and kissed rosie on the head, “Behave, Watson, although according to the behavioral patterns of your parents, I doubt you will.”
John’s next favorite picture was taken by Angelo a month later. It was a picture of John on one knee holding a ring box up to Sherlock, who was smiling brightly, both of them bathed in romantic candlelight.
John hummed in response, taking his laptop off the table next to him and setting it in his lap. As much as he craved excitement, he could do without one of Sherlock’s tantrums, he had a real baby to take care of.
“I had Molly do the chemistry that time, I will do it myself this time, however tedious, I am sure I'll get better results.”
“Tea?” Sherlock asked, standing up from the table and turning to the electric kettle on the counter, but John caught the sleeve of his dressing gown before he made it too far.
He leaned down cautiously at first, but at no sign of hesitation he closed the gap between himself and John, their lips meeting in a shy, soft kiss.
“Yes, but you, John, everything is always for you. I did text the woman, but it wasn't for anything like that, I texted her for advice about you, when you were gone and I couldn't cope. I can't work without you. I've told you before that it's always you, you keep me right.”
“Fuck, Sherlock. Not as a doctor, let me see as a friend, or….” he trailed off. What was he? Friends seemed like the wrong term considering they're current position.
“He threw a peanut at you!” he announced incredulously to John as John returned, drinks in hand. “being kids, Sherlock, it's fine. I've had worse things thrown at me when I'm on cases with you.” he laughed.
Must be his last night in town.  Sherlock thought, but he didn’t mind. He rather enjoyed the eager ones, they hated small talk almost as much as he did.
Sherlock picked up his shirt and coat and headed to his room. He hadn't meant for John to catch him in such a compromising position,  but he was mostly just relieved that it didn't scare him away. He needed John more than he wanted to admit.
“Right, yeah, I'm bisexual, like I mentioned after the bar. But I never tried anything because you're you, you're ‘married to your work’, ‘high functioning sociopath’, and you told me you ‘sometime texted the woman’ whatever that means.”
“Good.” Collin slid Sherlock's shirt off the rest of the way and continued to trail kisses along his neck and collarbone. He reached one hand back and took a fistful of Sherlock's dark curls, earning a soft moan, while the other hand found its way to Sherlock's belt.
One of those Sherlock-less nights he woke up from a particularly bad nightmare, tangled in blankets and sweating. After twenty minutes of tossing and turning he decided to go down to the all too quiet kitchen and make himself some tea. He took the cuppa over to his chair and took out his phone to check his blog, but ended up scrolling through his old pictures instead.
Sherlock is in the middle of letting another armful join the growing collection when he hears John calling him from down the corridor. He claps his hands free of dust and returns the way he came, stepping lightly round the kitchen mess before reentering the sitting room.
Rosie fusses again, fidgeting as Sherlock turns his attention back to her. Whatever he can do to mollify her before John returns will be for the best. He’s sure the last thing John needs on his mind is his daughter being upset and uncomfortable before their flight. The rocking seems to have helped, but Rosie continues to make displeased noises.
“Are you okay?” The words jump from Sherlock’s throat before he can stop them. It’s normal, it’s natural; in the aftermath, this is what they do.
John stares back, tension cording his shoulders. Despite the discomfort of the past several hours, he still looks every bit the stoic soldier: stern countenance, solid posture, straightened spine. This is the man who has been to war, who has tasted blood, who has seen horrors. This is the man who has protected others by placing himself in harm’s way. This is the man who once killed a murderous cabbie for a person he had known for barely forty-eight hours.
“Right.” An audible swallow. Fists clench and unclench. Another flex of his jaw. “Okay. Well, uh, let me pop Rosie’s things down to Missus H. Best do it now than on our way out. Less stuff to worry about. Won’t be a minute.”
Everything is suddenly cold and it feels like he’s been plunged into a vat of ice water somewhere mid-breath so the chill draws through his nose, down his throat, and bursts straight into his lungs. His entire respiratory system hitches and the way his pulse surges mightily against his inner wrists screams fight-or-flight, a response that should never exist within the context of him and John alone together in any sitting room, and yet here it is in all its horrendous glory with its rabbit-swift heart and hormone deluge that inundates every possible cell, cross-linked scar tissues and all.
“Mm, no. Don’t believe that. You can barely stand to be in the same room as Mycroft let alone spend an entire night in the same house. Er, recent brotherly bonding aside.”
He then approaches the slanted table amidst the sea of debris, two of its legs thoroughly displaced and now treading waters unknown. The upturned armchairs and barren bookshelves splay before him in an ersatz portrait of the scene that once was, and as he combs it over, he catches a familiar sight peering out from amongst the mess.
Sherlock digs his nails into the soft whorl of each thumb and breathes. He breathes and breathes and
And it probably says something about his current state that the first thing to cross his mind when he crests the landing of 221B is the petrol-soaked bonfire blazing before Saint James the Less.
“Do keep in mind that this is a bit unorthodox,” says Sherlock. “Normally there would be proper music for this sort of dance, but I can’t play one-handed and Missus Hudson has deliberately misplaced my phone dock ever since the opera incident, so we’ll have to make do. All right? Very good. Right, then. Hold tight. Yes, like that. Here we go.”
Mycroft says “Moriarty” and “five minutes” and “unsupervised” in the gravest of tones, and everything is upended in a throttling rush. Something in Sherlock stutters, thought processes jamming to a sharp and unceremonious halt, and then it all makes sense, all of it, everything.
Now, nearly an hour later, he sits by the hearth with his laptop resting over his tangled legs, watching Mary’s dot on-screen as it continues to blip across North Africa. Rosie sits in her booster across from him in John’s armchair, her rattle and stuffed animals arced before her like an offering to the gods, and he glances up every minute or so to ensure she hasn’t somehow escaped her compact plastic chair-prison (because she is John’s daughter, after all). When he does, the sight of her in her tiny yellow jumper makes him feel like something down below his clavicle has become tight, waterlogged, encumbered with something he would rather not inspect.
As John accepts the disk and crosses the clean expanse of his sitting room to kneel in front of the DVD player, Sherlock steps out from the small foyer under the stairs and takes position by the sofa. He elects to remain standing, clasping his hands together behind his back, the very portrait of patience to belie the fact that he waits on tenterhooks.
The beam of ultraviolet light illuminates the worn paper in a lambent wash of indigo. In the very centre of the page, the words
“The sooner we can start planning,” says Sherlock, gazing up at the too-white ceiling, “the better off we’ll be.”
And Mycroft is clever. Cleverer than most. Clearly not clever enough to stop Eurus and her twisted experimentation on the human psyche featuring the Holmes sibling lab rats, but still cleverer than most, and that must have let him see, must have clued him in. Sherlock must believe in that because the alternative—his own bloody transparency—is an option far worse.
“Was the Stradivarius genuine, then?” asks John. “The gift bit of it, I mean. D’you think she really wanted to give it to you because of whatever violin thing the two of you shared as children?”
He takes each step cautiously, lifelines caught in the bannister’s smooth current. The narrow staircase makes a sharp right turn, and he follows it upward.
He gets out and shuts the door behind him, affording a perfunctory nod of thanks to the officers inside. John trots over to meet him, his breath uncurling in a translucent puff. He mutters something about having to find another minder for Rosie—unfortunate, that—but it’s something that will have to wait until morning. Or until the end of the week.
Crunched between the bench and his departed wife, John seems to erode. He hunches further inward, body compacted into a mere fraction of his height, his arm encircling Mary as if he might somehow shield her from the inevitable. His face tenses and his shoulders shiver. Every fault line within him fractures open, creasing with grief, and magma-thick misery wells up from down beneath.
Sherlock takes pause in the centre of the sitting room, eyes trained on the white packaging fixed upon the mantel by the gleam of a knife. The vault that houses his heart seems smaller somehow, as if all of him had decided to tumble inward without his consent, folding together like an origami crane until there was no space left for the tremulous beat wedged between the corners and the angles.
“She’s a rather good dancer,” he says, as the words pertaining to every other observation of note seem to have dissipated quite suddenly.
“Behave for Molly,” he says, gesturing with the last icing-covered piece in what Sherlock assumes is meant to be a threatening manner. “She’s doing you a favour because she cares about you. So don’t be—you know. Overly obnoxious. Keep the demeaning comments to a minimum.”
“Yes. To Marrakesh.” Sherlock nods at the map spread across the length of the screen, both Mary’s path and his own predictions dotted over Morocco’s bird’s-eye landscape. “It will be a while yet before she reaches it, but she is certainly going to Marrakesh. Look here—the path she took across Algeria. She flew in from Iran yesterday morning judging by speed and the area’s recent flight patterns, but now her movement’s changed; she’s got a car or a motorbike and she’s crossed the border with it. Her previous destinations have alternated between dense cities and remote villages, but if we look at how she’s executed her prior routes, the trajectory matches. Marrakesh. We’ll arrive with plenty of time to spare.”
“Right. Of course you do. And if we’re to get your mummy back, Daddy and I have a bit of travelling to do. Not to worry; it’s just to Morocco. Rather short flight, all things considered. Practically a holiday compared to Eastern Europe.”
“Ah, here we are,” says John, and he scoops her up and into his arms. “Sorry for taking so long, darling. Did you have fun dancing with Sherlock? Certainly seemed so. Did he tell you your skills were awful, too?”
“Mm. Can’t say. Been a while since I’ve had nightmares. Though I imagine if this particular ordeal could be called anything at all, ‘nightmare fuel’ would certainly be accurate.”
Forcing it all back down into the cold, cramped corners where it never should have left, Sherlock meets John halfway across the carpet in a few short strides and relinquishes Rosie with the utmost care.
“Right. Of course. I’m sure it’ll fool the next criminal mastermind who wants to off you. Can’t rightly kill you if you do it first.” John cuts off a piece with the side of his fork and eats it. “Though I’d appreciate you letting on if you’re anticipating any more fake deaths in the near future. You know. In case you’d care to spare us a bit of grief.”
And that, Sherlock thinks, is what makes this so damned difficult. Mycroft may be insufferable and he may be a bastard and he may stick his nose where it doesn’t belong, but he is still Sherlock’s brother. In spite of everything, there is still a bond. Really, how could there not? They grew up together. They shared hardships and memories. They helped one another when it was most needed. They forged their own worlds, carved out their own lives, gave themselves purpose. The Christmas dinners might have been rubbish, but they never warranted bloodshed.
Everything under Sherlock’s sternum jerks in a sharp twist. His steps fall backward, ushering distance between himself, John, and Mary. Words clutter pell-mell in his throat, but he can’t seem to sort them into sentences; they swarm and scatter when he tries to pick them apart. His mouth opens, yet air is the only thing that glides through.
“Are you okay?” asks John. Sincerity lines his voice like golden filigree, the steady pressure of his palm an assuaging force.
“No more than usual. Being the British government won’t protect him from this. I’ve broken into his house before.”
When he returns to Baker Street’s sitting room, John has leant back into his chair, one leg crooked to rest his ankle upon the opposite knee. He wears a stern countenance, but there is something different to it, something more. Grief does not linger by his laugh lines or bracket his mouth; torpor does not tug at his extremities or press at either shoulder. This is not the John from several weeks ago with a cracked and splintering composure, weighted by the indelible pressure of despondence and despair.
John would laugh, he thinks, a smile teasing in. After the strict lessons Sherlock had put him through, after all the curt corrections and wry remarks and stamped toes, John would take one look and undoubtedly laugh.
Sherlock flattens his hands together, the pressure wonderfully grounding. “As appreciated as your company is in the midst of what is sure to otherwise be a very dull and irritating stay,” he says, “that is not what I’m asking.”
At last, Sherlock spares John a brief glance. He stands there in expectant silence, but the returning gaze is wary, questioning, the blue of his eyes murky and dark. His head gives an inquisitive tilt, and Sherlock reads it, recognises it, knows it well, knows it from years of interpreting and memorising John’s body language:
“Indeed. Torture, vivisection, nightmare fuel, difficult, hell. It’s all correct to some degree. At this point it’s just arguing semantics.” Sherlock focusses on the pressure of his thumb sliding against his forefinger and tries not to imagine John at the bottom of a rapidly filling well with chains clasped round his legs. “Regardless, I’ll be fine. Even if nightmares do happen tonight, they’re only nightmares. The real one has already passed.”
“Yeah, but that’s not really unique to her, now, is it? She’s a Holmes. As much as you might not want to admit it, you and Mycroft do share—”
He shuts his eyes and lets it sluice down his back, shoulders, chest, and legs, fingers sloped together in a steeple beneath his chin.
personal. God knows I’ve got enough experience to give both.” John draws a breath, lets his hands drop to his sides. “Ah. I’m going to regret saying that, aren’t I? I am. I know it. You’re going to use that against me the very second it suits you. I can see it now: you, repeating ‘I’m actually quite brilliant, John’ at every available opportunity.”
It feels a bit weird, this. Mourning an instrument. That violin has been with him for the better part of ten years, has seen him through countless trials and tribulations after the last one had been lost in the midst of a deep stint into cocaine, and to see it in such a sorry state tugs sharply at his heartstrings.
.” Sherlock presses his hands together, fingertips tapping, manic energy flowing right down to the soles of his feet. “He would hide away a sister and keep me in the dark, but
Because John has a life. Of course he has. He’s always had one. And the fact that Sherlock had, up until this point, preferred to ignore the parts of it that hadn’t involved him is his own fault entirely.
Because not twenty minutes ago, John had broken down in the middle of Sherlock’s sitting room. His indefectible posture had grown crooked and hunched in his confession’s wake, left hand plastered across his face in shame to hide the tears from Mary’s ghost. His solid shoulders had given way to infinitesimal earthquakes and his voice had become a brittle, splintering artefact in the fissure of his chest.
“It’s all fine, John,” says Sherlock, because he doesn’t know what else to say. “Not the first time you’ve given me a well-deserved bruising, and I doubt it will be the last.”
“That she has.” A moment’s silence beats between them, and then: “You’re going to shoot the wall the moment it’s done, aren’t you?”
A familiar swell folds itself inside Sherlock’s chest. “Thank you, John. That’s a very kind offer. You know you don’t have to—”
, but it’s fine. He’s got John and he’s got Rosie (and he’s got Mary, too, even if she is in Morocco), and they are enough. The mutinous depths of him hunger for more (because they will always, always hunger for more), but this is what he is permitted, this is all he can have, this wonderful little facsimile of domesticity, and he knows he mustn’t take such pleasure in it, he knows, but—God, surely it can’t be so bad?
The first of many pieces to slide back into place, Sherlock supposes. It’s all got to start somewhere, hasn’t it? Might as well start here.
“I don’t know,” he says, and it’s—guarded, Sherlock thinks, and a little pained. And that’s normal for the situation, he assumes; it must be. Mary is John’s wife. “But it doesn’t really matter if she is, now, does it? We’re coming whether she’ll be pleased to see us or not. She doesn’t get to keep doing this.”
John breathes and scrubs his fingers around his mouth. Judging by the way he looks at everything but the hospital bed, he clearly wants to avoid this particular conversation, but he must know by now there is very little he can hide from Sherlock.
“Not as much as we could have had,” says Sherlock, crossing the landing to linger at John’s side. “Mycroft has people coming by tomorrow morning. They’ll do most of the heavy lifting.”
Sherlock looks back to Mycroft—Mycroft and his defeated acceptance, Mycroft and his quiet fear—and it’s unsettling, he thinks, seeing such supplication on his brother’s face. It doesn’t belong there. Mycroft should never look this way, never; his rubbish big brother should have an air of arrogance or disdain, not of subdued horror.
Thoroughly set off-kilter, Sherlock shuts his eyes again and flaps his hands outward in an attempt to banish his mind palace courtroom mid-session. All of the players disperse and dematerialise amongst the wooden seats, leaving small arched placards in their wake. The evidence still lies upon the centre podium (the blacklight-shown
“I had no bloody idea, Sherlock,” he says, and his voice has dropped into a lower register, something hushed and quiet. “No idea at all. None. Not even a clue.”
When Sherlock emerges from the bathroom freshly washed, dried, and dressed, he crosses the corridor and returns to the bedroom with his discarded clothes. John dozes in the light of the lamp, hands folded over his chest atop the duvet. Sherlock can’t stop the elated swell from twisting behind his sternum, so he masks it by setting his jaw and tucking his shirt, suit jacket, and trousers beneath the laundry basket stand instead.
“Yeah, okay, I get that,” says John, raising a placating hand. “I’m not against it, all right? I’d like to know what the bloody hell’s going on as well. But you can’t think he’s going to just
“Yes, I know you’re texting. I’ve got eyes. That’s not what I meant.” The weight of John’s gaze prickles at his nape. “You’ve got that look again. I know that look.”
A quick glance through the landing’s kitchen door reveals that Sherlock’s bedroom, its door wide open, had barely been touched. The bathroom, both doors firmly shut, couldn’t have suffered anything more than a few displaced hair products. Even though most of the sitting room’s décor has been rather wrecked, there do appear to be some things that were spared the worst of the blast.
Amidst the sitting room’s stilled silence, Sherlock brings the parcel over to the mantel and lays it between the frame with the bat and the beetles and the old pair of magnifying glasses. Fingers firmly pressed over the disk within, he grabs the pocketknife already jutting from the wood and feels the rigid weight of it balance in his palm. He tightens his grip, lets the blunt metal sides mesh into his heartlines, feels his jaws clench.
And the weight of that is pleasant. It’s comforting, pleasurable. Warmth suffuses the hollow of Sherlock’s chest in a slow, languorous glide, and it’s like the sun warming pocked brickwork as it pours over the rooftops, gradual and gentle but thorough in its sweep. The gnarled tension snared between his lungs loosens with its presence, a methodical unravelling that unspools string by delicate string.
The office starts to snap and splinter. Metallic sheets mesh into softened sunshine, and then Mycroft’s pale complexion melds into the scene as it drains away, blanching until all that remains is a stark, wood-panelled corridor. Sherlock stands in its centre, alone, the endless stretch of rooms running parallel at either side. In the distance, he glimpses the lone red blur of an Irish Setter darting between the memory doors, but he stays still and lets the press of his fingers against his palms become a persistent, grounding force.
What comes as an honest surprise to Sherlock is that he can discern very little of Mary here. There are traces, of course, like the wicker laundry basket and the choice of dresser and wardrobe, but the small loo to the right bears more of her mark than the bedroom itself. John must have found her personal effects in their once shared room to be too painful of a reminder. Stored elsewhere, perhaps? Yes, that seems right. Stored, boxed; kept for later but out of sight.
Sherlock lets his eyes drift to the morphine drip. With his left hand, he reaches over and taps it up another three notches. A beat passes, and then the familiar headrush closes in with dizzying speed. He lets it careen into him like the crush of a wave, tangling him down below the surface in a blissful sort of struggle. The agony at his lower ribs does not subside, but it dwindles considerably amidst the cottony buzz.
“I don’t, no. Not completely. Everything that happened to Victor aside.” Sherlock takes one last look at his texts before slipping his phone back into his pocket. “There are fragments, images. Some I’ve managed to piece together into proper memories, but the rest I’ve yet to recognise. There are more now, though. Some of them clearer. That might be a good thing.”
In the midst of his rocking, Sherlock takes a glance toward the sitting room’s open doorway. No footsteps, no voices, no commotion in the stairwell—indication that John hasn’t left Mrs Hudson’s yet. Knowing her, she’s probably wrangled him into another cup of tea that has been thinly disguised as a chance for John to go over Rosie’s routines for the hundredth time. It’s just as well, really.
Fact three: Two and a half months ago, John decided to see a new therapist. Due to his work schedule, his daughter, his location, and his need for change, options were understandably limited; out of four men and one woman, he chose the latter. The first session put the case with Culverton Smith into proper motion.
“She said she taught me how to play,” he says quietly. “I’ve played for as long as I can remember, ever since I was a child. I practically grew up with a violin at my neck. I spent countless hours learning compositions I liked, songs that spoke to me, yet I never could recall how it all got started.”
Because this is how things ought to be, he thinks. This is how everything ought to feel, how it ought to remain: John, here, exasperated yet amused, standing in the very place he most belongs. Baker Street may be in a right state and the unsettling events of the past few days may linger, but this small moment makes the lot of it feel miles and miles away. It makes the apprehension and disquiet bearable. It makes this cluttered, decimated wreck of a space feel like home.
John entertains a tight frown, picking at spongy lemon drizzle with the tines of his fork. His head of silver-wheat is a little mussed from the wind and his eyes still have a slight reddened appearance, but a touch of dishevelment has never detracted from his charm. John could be in muddy jeans with sweat-sticky hair and a criminal’s blood stained down his shirtfront and he’d be no less handsome than he would be groomed and pressed and clad in a well-tailored suit.
It’s a good while longer before sleep lays claim to Sherlock’s consciousness, but by then he is comfortable and warm, skimming the hypnagogic edge of wakefulness and slumber where a fresh five-years-ago John talks and laughs and follows without a care. It isn’t either of the Johns who inhabit the long corridors of his mind palace, but rather the John he sees in glimpses and fragments when the sunbeams shimmer just right.
“So not the drugs, then,” says John. “No mind doors opening, nothing profound. Just your secret sister having you on.”
An uncomfortable stitch of affection sews itself between the spaces of his ribs. If the light catches John just right, Sherlock thinks he can glimpse the John of five years ago. It’s a bit difficult, like he’s looking through a prism with endless facets composing an irregular shape. The angle is wrong and the light source lacks proper candescence and John is ever the delicate subject, but when the world tilts just so, the earth beneath shifting into perfect balance, the disparate, fractured shards of John just…
“Feeling adventurous, are we?” Another cracking snicker. John’s arm comes away wet. “You’re buying, of course.”
“I’ve just thought of something. Are you—” John pauses and knots his hands into the blanket. “Have you got someplace to stay?”
He turns his attention back to John. The data before him now is much clearer than it had been a minute ago. John’s posture is stiff; his shoulders press against the chair’s cushioned back, albeit uncomfortably. He must have been sitting there for quite some time, Sherlock thinks. Several hours at the very least. Exhaustion brackets his eyes, subtle yet present. John is also dishevelled, but not terribly so: ruffled hair, wrinkled shirt, a day’s growth of blond-auburn stubble.
At a quarter past eight, John and Rosie had arrived on the kerb outside Baker Street, weighed down by, in Sherlock’s opinion, far too many bags. Sherlock had stepped down to help carry them in, continuing to marvel at the sheer absurdity of a person who is sized roughly ten percent that of an adult requiring the equivalent of an entire bloody bedroom stuffed into three overlarge bags.
), so Sherlock lets him do as he likes because a John Watson in his element is a John Watson of interest, however mundane the task.
“You’ve broken into—no, you know what? Never mind. That shouldn’t surprise me. What’s a little house breaking between siblings.” John sighs, working the heel of his palm against one eye. “Look, I meant it in the information sense. It’s Mycroft we’re talking about. Do you really think he’s going to be forthcoming about all this?”
“And if you’d taken your shoes off to begin with like I’d suggested, it never would have happened.” He gives Rosie an indicative nod. “She doesn’t have that problem.”
Epiphany arrives like the sting of a whip: vicious, hot, staggering. The clamour in Sherlock’s head surges into riotous overwhelm and the rest of the room seems to fall away, paling into background noise, disconnected and unimportant.
Such reassurances don’t seem to help. Rosie, now appearing very distressed at the fact that her father has suddenly gone missing (or perhaps that change has just happened and now there is one less person present; he’s not quite sure which), continues to let her distress be known and at an increasing volume.
As Molly wanders over to the cake displays and engages the clerk, Sherlock pokes at his dessert and chances another look at John—John in his dark jacket, John in his worn denims. He wears a neutral expression and a small half-smile as he eats, but that same sort of tiredness pulls at his edges, weathering crags across his face and eroding the mountains of his shoulders.
“Goodbye, brother mine.” Resignation haunts Mycroft’s voice; acquiescence to the decision ahead. “No flowers.” A tight smile. Laced hands. “By request.”
“Am I—?” John blinks. “Hang on. I just told you the girl I’d been texting was your sister. The secret sister you knew absolutely nothing about until just this afternoon. You’ve been standing there for two minutes in complete silence rather looking like that was the worst possible thing I could have told you, and you want to know if
Now that she has calmed, Rosie appears more interested in current proceedings. Although she isn’t capable of her own box step or any of the intricate sways that a waltz incorporates, she does attempt movements of her own. She squeezes at Sherlock’s thumb with impossibly small fingers, tilts her blond head to take in the many wonderments of the sitting room, buries her face against the lapel of his suit jacket. Her voice bubbles beneath his in a soft, brook-like gabbling, and a wreath of delight twines into haphazard tangles behind his breastbone, entirely unbidden.
There hadn’t been much time to assess the damage. After 999 was called and Mrs Hudson had been pronounced unharmed, they’d put the next steps of their plan into motion. Still, judging from the sheer intensity of the blast, he imagines the flat is in no condition to use. The sitting room and the kitchen are undoubtedly wrecked. The bedroom might have been far enough away to remain unscathed, especially if the door had been closed.
Sherlock sighs against his hands. “If I’m to understand why we were targeted or why Eurus went to these extraordinary lengths, I’ll need information. Mycroft’s comments imply he clearly knows more than he’s letting on, which gives us a lead, even if that lead does happen to be my insufferable brother. And now that we’ve got a lead, the only logical course of action is to follow it through. That is what we’d do in any other situation, and that is what I intend to do now.”
“Oh, you’re displeased, are you? Is that what this is? Neither of you look particularly displeased to me. Quite the opposite. Not that I’m complaining, mind. This is honestly one of the better things I’ve walked in on.” John grins, incandescently handsome and bright.
John’s gaze locks onto Sherlock as he picks up Rosie’s bag with his free hand. His forehead furrows a moment, and he then gestures to his side with a brief jerk of his head.
It comes back in a crackling smutch of autumn: the bonfire and its writhing reds, its smoking greys, its smothering, orange-bright heat. All of it smears and smudges together until it coalesces into a pyre of assorted branches and pallets and logs, and a three-years-ago Sherlock realises with sickening clarity that John has been snared beneath the whole of it, stuffed down at the bottom to be unconscious kindling, and then he can feel the slam of asphalt under his feet as it gives way to earth and grass, feel the warm press of bodies as he barrels through the cheering crowd, feel the fire as it snaps and swells and seethes.
“Right, because a statement like that’s not worrying in any way whatsoever.” John breathes a deep, penitent sigh. “Christ. Why is it that I’m suddenly the lead on exploiting Mycroft? You’re the one who’s known him your whole life. Surely you’ve got ideas.”
When everything settles and the corners of his eyes sting with tears, Sherlock coughs and turns his attention out the window. They’ve encroached upon the outskirts of London; the lambent haze of lights blots out the constellations marbled overhead. The motorways are barren save for the occasional car, the asphalt a deep obsidian scored with stripes of shimmering white paint.
But that implies more, doesn’t it? He’s got a soft spot for Rosie, which means he’s also got a soft spot for John. One feeds the other ad infinitum; sentiment’s ravenous ouroboros.
Which is why when Mary dies to save his life and John leaves—really, truly leaves; no texting, no talking, no emails, no phone calls, no blog comments, no contact at all—Sherlock stands alone in the sitting room of 221B Baker Street long after Mrs Hudson has gone with a memento from John’s late wife in his hands and comes to the unceremonious conclusion that on the day of his resurrection, he had been very, very wrong.
And that’s a rather pointless restriction, really, now that it crosses his mind, because Eurus already knows. It is sort of obvious, isn’t it? Eurus already knows just like Mycroft already knows; this forced and insuperable choice is less of that knowledge’s statement and more of a continuous undertow that courses through the situation’s every little detail: Sherlock Holmes cares, Sherlock Holmes has a heart, Sherlock Holmes is
It’s strange to be here at night. He has only ever been to John’s flat during the day, and only inside when Mary was still alive. It seems a different world now, replete with long, lissom shadows and the delicate stillness that slinks in on the coattails of absconding midnights. The extraction hood lamp from the kitchen beyond offers a pale blade of otherworldly light; it’s as if this single space steeped in the cold dark of early twilight has been preserved between a set of specimen slides, forever crystallised between a waning moon and a waxing dawn.
“I’m afraid I’ve deleted most childhood lullabies,” he says, lowering her against his chest, “but I do know of many classical compositions that might work as a substitute. How do we feel about Chopin, hm? Your father seemed to like his nocturnes well enough. I’ve always found them calming. One hundred and eight in C minor, perhaps? Or would you rather hear thirty-seven in G minor?”
“I know. I know it’s my decision. It’s just—” John’s fingers curl, uncurl, and curl again. “I don’t know how I’m supposed to… God, I don’t know. I don’t. I’ve had since last night and it’s not something I can just—
Sherlock rewinds to the cocaine-hazed afternoon when Mrs Hudson had bound him with the handcuffs from the salad drawer and shoved him into the boot of her Aston Martin. Upon arrival, the house had been clean, sparse, modern; nothing of import. But the woman there, the therapist—what had she looked like? He recalls fair hair, glasses, a pale complexion. He also recalls her clothes being too large for her frame and a taller than average height.
Sherlock dismisses it with difficulty, wrestling it into a box before shoving it into a mind palace broom cupboard and shutting the door. Now is After John, he reminds himself; not After-After John.
Sherlock steps over with a clot of dread settling lopsided in his chest. Even at a glance, he already knows the instrument is beyond repair. One of the strings seems to have persevered out of sheer bloody-mindedness, but the violin’s wooden body has been splintered and warped, the sides and top graced with long cracks that would split further under pressure. The bow, placed just at its side, doesn’t fare any better; the stick has snapped, the hair blackened and frayed.
“Undoubtedly,” he says. “One of the more popular flavours. Cream cheese filling. Though if you’d prefer something a little more adventurous, they’ve got a ginger spice cake that sells quite well.”
Prying his hands apart, Sherlock lets them drop into fists at his sides and digs the pad of each thumb into the side of each forefinger. He holds them there,
Whether their collective silence is out of respect for the dead or out of sheer disbelief, he doesn’t know, but a part of him wishes someone would talk, wishes someone,
“Worse than me being in hospital with double kidney failure,” muses Sherlock, tapping his fingertips together. “Well, I shouldn’t think we’ll be
“No, it wasn’t Faith,” he says, rounding past the chairs for the third time. “That’s the point. It wasn’t Faith at all; just an exceptionally skilled actor. Everything about Faith’s persona was expertly crafted. Eurus knew the deductions I would make based on her appearance, so every last detail became a deliberate choice: her skirt, her handbag, her walking cane, her coat or lack thereof. Even the way she favoured her sleeve. The note was perhaps the only genuine thing she brought, but even that wasn’t without tampering as you’ve already seen.”
This time, there are no chemically treated currents to fill the ravine between them. There is no chlorine, no rhythm of lapping water, no danger lurking somewhere in their peripheries, but Sherlock understands the words all the same, the words spoken by gesture and posture and countenance alone, a question flickering in blue:
“No, I mean it,” says John. “Really, I do. And this is…” He waves his fork, as if it might help grasp for words. “God, I don’t know. Bad. Rough. Difficult.”
In his periphery, John rummages through their combined luggage splayed upon the sitting room table. He rearranges clothes and electronics and pokes through side-pockets with his hair freshly combed and smelling of the mellow spice that marks his preferred cologne. A mild haste orchestrates his movements; swiftness of hand, lightness of feet. They are well ahead of schedule, but John likes to be ready, likes to be prepared (
Because in spite of all that’s happened—in spite of the rawness, the intensity, the sheer exhaustion of coming face to face with living, breathing trauma—John is here. John is here,
After the cow skull and magnifying glass have been taken into Sherlock’s room for safekeeping, other things soon begin to follow: not quite burnt books, the mate of the first magnifying glass, the pocketknife that had dislodged itself from the mantel, the glass-free frame of the beetles and the bat (minus a specimen or two), assorted case files that had somehow come through unscathed. They all assemble pell-mell in a pile on his duvet, the bigger things settling on the outskirts whilst the smaller ones migrate toward them by virtue of the slight dips in the mattress.
From the very moment he saw Vivian Norbury sitting on the aquarium bench, small and unassuming in her age, he should have accounted for this. He should have known better. He should have seen, should have anticipated, should have thrust Mary away so he could accept his fate, but instead he’d pressed onward, negligent in his own sodding arrogance, and now she lies dead because he did not
John crosses the sitting room once more with the remote in hand. He sits down on the furthermost side of the sofa, letting his elbows come to rest on his parted knees, and there is an anxious sort of heaviness there, thinks Sherlock; it clutches at his shoulders, his hands, evident in his gentle slouch and in the short exhale rushed from his lungs.
Sherlock watches from the safety of the car. He knows this is an intimate moment. There were too many times John Watson could have died in the past—
John manages a raspy chuckle. “Well, that’s one way. Don’t know if I could stomach it all, but I wouldn’t say no to a slice of cake.”
So he watches and he waits, fingers locked and legs crossed. He watches as John gives Rosie a kiss on her head and then on her nose, and then as he addresses the minder with what Sherlock assumes to be a profuse amount of sincere thanks. She makes a placating gesture with her hands, sympathy contouring her countenance, and says some sort of platitude—“It’s quite all right, Doctor Watson,” he imagines, “I’m just glad everything’s okay”—before gathering up her handbag and heading off into the night. The pair of policemen approach John as well, but only to spare a comment or two before returning to their patrol car.
“He definitely tried,” says Sherlock. “Apparently things like this require more than twelve hours’ notice. Exact wallpaper matches take time to find when the manufacturer’s been out of business for ten years, not to mention replacements for custom upholstery.”
Sherlock frowns. “Sorry, have we strayed from the joking? I thought this was turning out to be a rather good-natured exchange.”
“Ah.” Sherlock’s throat feels dry. He doesn’t need to touch his wrist to recognise the leap in his pulse; the mild, thumping ache hastening between his temples is all the proof he needs. “That part’s already past, then.”
, more so than he’d ever imagined, and while two years of silence between him and John had been nothing short of arduous, John had wanted him alive and breathing then; John had wished for one last miracle:
in trammels down below his diaphragm. “Eurus wanted me. I was the primary target. Everything and everyone else was collateral damage, the both of you included. You said every choice was under her control, all within her neatly defined constraints, and you’re correct. The only logical thing to do in that situation would be to rob her of that control. No control, no power; the game ends. That led me to choose the third option. Like the governor.”
“You could say that, yeah. Though I’m sure it was more at the fact that someone tried to blow up the flat than at you.”
“So am I.” Sherlock draws a deep breath. John’s scent seems to ensconce him entirely. “But we made it through.”
Perhaps in some other universe, in some other assortment of misplaced stardust, in some other aftermath of smouldering supernovas, this series of events would have never come to pass. In another collection of clustered constellations beyond singularities and suns and solar nebulas, John would never have had to see Mary’s life slip away. In another outcome contrived by another set of variables misaligned and realigned into another apogee entirely, Sherlock might have had the privilege to die in John’s arms.
With a firm jaw, he stabs the parcel’s leftmost corner and whirls around on his heel. He paces the room with his hands in a tight temple beneath his chin, narrowing his focus to the force, the pressure, the texture. The wallpaper smears into a blur and the furniture tips back and forth as he makes his constant circles, but he notices little more than the path stretched before him.
she was Faith Smith and gave me a case entirely on that pretence. I received information I only could have acquired from Faith, things only she could have known, and Eurus knew I’d confront Culverton. She knew I’d bring in his daughter and ask her about the night she’d been to Baker Street—which, of course, she hadn’t, thus painting me as a drug-addled liar. Why? To further undermine my credence? To see what I could do when things went wrong?”
