Dean glanced up at him and then away.  “Look, Cas . . . I know . . .” he sighed, dropping his arms.  “I kissed you for a reason, all right?  But . . . I . . . figured it was better if I split so you wouldn’t have to worry about it.”  He looked down, shifting from foot to foot.  “Bobby tried to get me to stay but . . . just figured I’d need to stay away.”
As he’d expected, that morning his hands had been tender and raw from having touched the warded windows.  Far more sensitive than before.  Right now, he wore a pair of thin, gray gloves as he worked, hiding the winces when he held on to anything for too long.  He chuckled and said, “I, um, grabbed a hot plate too soon, if you can believe it.”  Not quite a lie.  Not quite the truth.
It didn’t take him long to get there.  The place felt strange, though.  Hostile.  But not from the forest which left him tilting his head in confusion.  No, this was a foreign sort of violence.  A defensiveness.  He fluttered up to the front window, peeping in.
Not moving from the doorway, Castiel leaned against the jamb, arms folded.  “You were in an awful hurry to get away in England,” he pointed out, not hiding the hurt this time.
You acted like I didn’t mean a fucking thing to you!”  Dean leaned away, jaw clenched.  “Don’t fucking dare tell me this isn’t my concern.”
Amused, Castiel reached up and took his hand away.  “Dean, I can think of no better way to start something
He slapped himself in the face and started the shower.  ”I hate him.  I swear I hate him,” he muttered.  ”That wasn’t for you!” he snapped.  ”I … it’s …
agent.  I’ve seen it before.  They get their jollies yanking you around.”  He chuckled.  ”Trust me, he’s gonna be there as long as you are.”
Castiel smiled warmly, his eyes dragging across Dean’s form.  He’d dressed in a tight waistcoat and charcoal gray button-down and dark blue tie, with dark slacks.  “You look very handsome tonight, Dean.”
Castiel’s lips thinned and he nodded once, looking away.  Everything about the man appeared small and feeble now.  A shade of his former self.  In a way, Dean was grateful.   Maybe it meant Castiel did regret what he’d done and wouldn’t do it again.  Or, as he feared, the man was merely a talented actor.
Pulse rapid and echoing in his ears, Dean rasped, “Why don’t you want it destroyed?”  The urge to lean into Castiel’s hand had been so savage, Dean had nearly caved.  But instead, like so many times before, he resisted, even as he thought he saw an echo of want in familiar blue.
Castiel’s fork chittered gently against the place as he set it down.  He gripped Dean’s wrist.  “I betrayed your trust, Dean.  That you are giving me this chance is more than I deserve.”  He rubbed his thumb along the back of Dean’s hand.  “You are very important to me, Dean.”  He let go and drew his hand back.  “I think, perhaps, I didn’t realize that until you walked out of my home that night.”
Dean was saved from answering by the arrival of their waiter.  Dean ordered a steak, James some pasta concoction and Gabriel quietly ordered salad and water.  It was becoming clearer to Dean by the second that Gabriel was regretting this meeting.  Not that he could blame the poor guy.  James was clearly a horny twit.  Dean for one would still read his books but he’d be thankful those readings were only about an hour long; any more than that he might take his own head off.
Dean sighed.  “No, I shouldn’t.”  He kissed Castiel again, harder now and more demanding.  Lips barely a hair’s breadth away, he murmured, “I know what I want in life, Cas.  I want
His rather unbridled libido when he was alone in his head.  Always a fun side-effect.  Granted, it likely stemmed from his . . . sexual frustration lately.  Maybe he just needed alone time tonight with lotion and specific dvds.
have been alone.”  He leaned in, eyes lidded.  “I wanted more than anything to save him from that loneliness.  I wanted to be Jason.”
back to normal.  He turned off the lights and locked up the store.  It was Saturday which mean the store would be closed tomorrow.  He had a few things he needed to do.  Refresh the charms in his garden and the general housekeeping came to mind.  Maybe something with pasta for dinner.
Castiel chuckled and switched hands, rubbing Dean’s left.  “Ah.  I wondered what all that was about.”  He smiled again, warmer this time.  “Well, if we’re lucky, they’ll tell us this is a false alarm and we can hurry back inside.”
With a jolt, Dean realized that was the problem.  Hiding his sudden insight, he leaned over his appointment book, staring blindly at the next week’s jobs, pencil twiddling in his hand.  That was the problem.  Dean felt
Her companion, hummed in agreement.  Mrs. Havers.  Ex-wife of the mayor, actually.  Two children.  Though, knowing the nature of humans, he wouldn’t be surprised if she entertained the idea of seducing Dean either.
to Castiel.  But for a week, he remained steadfast and didn’t text or call.  By the end of it, his anger had hardly diminished.  Instead, it shifted, focusing more on the fact that Castiel hadn’t tried to reach
Home at last, he sighed as he stared at his dark house.  He was getting too old to keep coming home alone.  Maybe he'd take up Sam's offer of getting set up on a date with a coworker.  Had to be better than making up stupid scenarios to try and meet a guy who probably couldn't pick him out of a crowd.  Well, at least it was Friday.  Meant Dean could drink a beer or nine and crash early.  Rain poured down as he shoved open the door to the Impala.  He swore loudly when a gust of icy wind blasted his face and he blinked, momentarily blinded by driving water.  He stumbled, barely hearing a shout of alarm before something heavy crashed into him as he rounded the back of the car.
Dean chuckled and coaxed Castiel forward.  He guided Castiel to the couch and murmured, “Well, magic word and all.”  Forceful but gentle, he pushed Castiel onto the couch, leaving him bared and open.  His thumbs pried at Castiel’s ass as he crowded up on the couch behind him.  “Mmm, you look good like this.”
home, Cas.  Make you scream.”  He bit down, not breaking skin but making Castiel shout all the same.
So Dean wasn’t even worth mentioning?  He could understand hiding one’s orientation from family but to dismiss Dean as
“Oh!  Should . . . should I hang up now?”  He stared at his reflection in the rearview mirror, resisting the urge to roll his eyes until they fell out.
He yawned and stood, shivering when his feet hit the ice cold wood of the cabin floor.  Winter was on its way and Dean saw a trip to gather firewood in his near future.  Underneath Castiel’s singing, he could just make out the snap of logs in the fireplace.  He padded down the hallway, Castiel’s voice growing stronger as he neared the kitchen.
I assume it’s our stunning thief?”  He clucked his tongue when Castiel blushed.  “Aw, it is.”  He chuckled.  “My, our Singer is a sly one, isn’t he?”
How much was too much?  Rubbing his forehead and wondering how the hell he’d managed to get tangled in this bullshit, Dean gave Gabriel the Cliff Notes version.  More silence.
He couldn’t see his face very well.  He thought he might look familiar but frankly, Castiel’s day had been shit and he wasn’t about to be charitable.  His hand tightened on his bookbag and he gave
Dean took a massive forkful of noodles and chewed silently, glancing at Castiel and then away.  He set the tray down and wiped his hands on his jeans.
“Ow, fuck!” he yelped, taking a step back.  Shit, that made his ears ring.  He whined a little, rubbing his jaw.
you to stay.”  Letting go of the towel, he reached up with his other hand, bracing Castiel’s neck, pulling him close to let their foreheads touch.  “I . . .
Castiel chuckled, toying with Dean’s fingers.  “You’ve already given me a nickname, Dean.  I’d say that’s a sign that slow is best, don’t you?”
but Dean didn’t see any permanence to the idea.  Castiel would get over his fascination with Dean pretty damn soon, he was certain of that.  And then Dean would suck it up and walk away.
“Freely … what?”  Castiel’s natural curiosity overcame his fright and confusion.  “Who are you?” he asked again.  He hadn't noticed the man sitting in his car when he’d arrived at the car park.  Or had he been ducked down, out of sight?  He frowned.  Not likely, the car was insanely small and the man was … not.
“Oh, my God,” he breathed.  Had this been what Dean meant?  He’d sold his soul at a crossroads?  Castiel knew of such stories.  His own kind avoided crossroads at any cost.  The aura, buried so deep underground, rang out to them no matter the distance.  Evil existed there.  Yet, if Dean had sold his soul for Sam’s life, given the rather flippant tone in the entries that followed the simple line, he had to wonder.  Dean seemed almost joyful.  Pointing how amusing it was to watch his brother fumble under the curse of a rabbit’s foot.  The threesome he’d had.
Glaring at his phone, Dean sniped, “Can you blame me?  By rights, I should just cancel this whole thing.  He lied.”
Dean blinked, clearly not registering the fact that Castiel was busy shoving his jeans down his legs.  “Uh . . . my house is right next door,” he mentioned.
“I could have let that decide my actions going forward,” he explained.  He rubbed his arm, watching Dean.  “I could have done
“Hey, Cas,” he murmured, unsure of what this could mean.  They hadn’t yet made arrangements for another date and really, when they did, Castiel usually waited until the afternoon to call.  Never first thing in the morning.  Dean felt his gut clench at the implications, his palms beginning to sweat.
Goddammit; he just kept fucking up.  He rubbed his forehead, glancing up to find Castiel still watching him.  Blushing, and thankful for the darkness that hid it, he mumbled, “You . . . um . . . we haven’t talked about . . . sex, yet.”
Making up his mind, he settled back into his afternoon routine, confident that he’d pay a visit to the man’s cabin later that night, in his true form.  Perhaps it wasn’t the wisest way to find such information out but, for the moment, his only recourse.  With his new goal, the rest of the day passed quickly and he soon found himself fluttering to Dean’s cabin.  As recommended, he picked up a few small pebbles and tossed them at the window, hoping they’d create enough noise to get the man’s attention.  Either Dean had excellent hearing or he’d been waiting for Castiel given how quickly the window snapped open.
Castiel didn’t remember much of the ride and walk back to the hotel.  His brain had nearly fried itself following the meeting with Alastair.  Mostly, his mind was whirling over how he was going to help Dean without actually
Eyelids fluttering, Castiel bit his tongue, trying not to purr.  “T-true,” he admitted.  “But n-not always.”  This was far different than their first night.  Dean was
He shut his eyes, wishing it all away.  He wanted to go home.  To crawl into his bed and forget all about the supernatural and Dean Jefferson.  He wanted his life back to normal.  He flinched with each snarling shout from the werewolf and each calm retort from Dean.  It made him ill to overhear all of this.  To see what Dean had been.
"You asshole," he muttered.  He shivered at the draft and added, "Least you could have done was close the damn window, you slob."
They stayed that way for the better part of an hour, Dean sipping at his whiskey as the show drawled on, Castiel tugging at bits of Dean’s hair as he tried to figure out if it was possible to braid the short strands.  He found they turned into little snags more than anything.  Dean would likely be irritated when he tried to comb it later, but for now, Castiel sat cross-legged once more, twisting and turning the chestnut lengths.  He’d forgotten why he’d originally shown up, happy instead to be drowsy warm with alcohol and spend the time with Dean.
Fearful of the man’s retaliation, his hands clenched on the handle as he stammered, “I’m . . . I’m . . . I’m . . .”
He smiled a bit more at that.  “It’s . . . it’s fine.  I’d . . . like it, too.”  Though, he hated himself
He gave up then and settled into Balthazar’s car, wondering if he could figure out where Dean had been calling from.  Knowing the man, he’d used a burn phone so tracing the number would be pointless.  Though, had he called Castiel’s cell phone, it might have been easier.
Castiel wrinkled his nose in a vain attempt to keep from laughing.  His heart soared at Dean’s words.  He
Far from appeased, Dean began to pace, his head feeling tight and hot.  He wanted to ask what Sam had found.  But feared it, too.  He knew Michael’s possessive privacy.  He doubted that Sam would find anything of note.  At least, nothing that Michael wouldn’t want anyone to see.
?”  He shook his head, scratching his throat as he did.  “The fuck would an angel crave to turn them into that.”
Dean struggled not to make a face, instead focusing on James’ accent.  “I didn’t know you were British; thought you were American.”
“Fuck you, Sam,” he growled.  He jabbed a finger in his brother’s chest.  “You go behind my back like that and dig?”
He jumped when he felt fingers on his neck.  Eyes wide, he swung back around, finding Castiel’s gaze.  The other man smiled again, weaker this time, as he pulled his hand away.  “Forgive me.  You, uh, arrived at the perfect time.  Um, dinner’s ready.”
With an awkward reach, he snatched it up, frowning.  Written in Singer’s neat handwriting was the following message:
Sydney hardly looked appeased but he nodded, slipping off his stool and heading out of the hardware store.
?  Confused, Dean let go of the garment, frowning at Castiel.  “But . . . I mean, don’t you . . . want that?”
wanted.  Left him aching.  Ignored him.  Punished him for the slightest transgression.  They rarely warned him what would set them off.  It had become a field of landmines in record time for Dean.
True to his word, Dean stayed away from the store.  Castiel caught glimpses of him now and again but if he tried to meet the man’s eyes, Dean would turn away completely, hurrying off to some unknown destination.  To his surprise and delight, Castiel found Dean had hired Sydney at his shop following their breakup.  The young vampire often came in, looking almost apologetic as he did.  He’d pick up whatever Dean was after and have it charged to the store account Castiel had set up over a month ago.  After nearly a month, however, Castiel had had enough.
guy was straight.  He still wasn’t sure if this was a date or not, but maybe it would point out to Castiel he didn’t need to hide like this?
“Dean, if you’re uncomfortable with my asking such things, you merely need to say so.”  He sat up, leaning against the door of the car.  “We can talk or we can not talk; I’m fine with either.”
“No,” he breathed.  “I mean, you … you freed me.”  He focused on Castiel then and yanked him forward, kissing him hard.
“It’s … stunning,” he sighed, happily.  It would be an excellent addition to the museum’s collection.  He’d been working steadily with the Scottish government to unearth national treasures for the sake of history.  Like Balthazar intuited, it was likely nothing more than a bauble.  Still, it too would join the other odds and ends currently in storage.
For a moment, Castiel was almost pleased by the idea.  He himself fared little better.  Every night, he fought the urge to check in on Dean, knowing full well the man would either expect it or would suss him out immediately.  Very hard to sneak up on someone when they know all your forms.  But the pleasure faded quickly and his heart thudded.
Dean’s head burned with the same sequence of thoughts as they left the parking lot and headed down the highway.  He wasn’t certain where they should drive so he headed toward his own preferred destination.  Out among the fields, away from the city and its noise.  Castiel didn’t seem to have a preference and he merely sat quietly beside Dean, his fingers tapping against the bag in time to the radio.
“Cas!” Dean shouted, following quickly.  The man hadn’t heard him, though.  He was already in his car, tires squealing and gravel spitting.  Stunned, Dean watched him go, wondering what the
Feigning annoyance and making a show of rolling his eyes, Dean tugged on Castiel’s shoulder.  ”C’mon, you big baby.  Let’s get you back to bed.”
Castiel didn’t wait but simply plunked himself down, looking up when Dean didn’t move.  “Something wrong?” he asked.
At least Dean had the decency to wince.  “Yeah.  I . . . uh . . . yeah.”  He set the box down at his feet and rubbed his neck, looking away.  “I didn’t . . . felt it was a bad idea for me to stick around, s’all.”
He nodded dumbly then and finally tore his eyes away, staring up at the screen as an 80s Kevin Bacon marched into view.  Castiel’s thumbs moved warm and sure against his skin, occasionally, the soft wetness of his lips following.  With each movement, Dean felt his stress lift and fade.  He sank into it, leaning heavily against Castiel.  Other than chuckle, Castiel didn’t remark or react, his fingers never faltering.
Dean nodded, finally glancing at him.  “Yeah.  Alastair held me there for two days while he dug up my record.  Found out about Sam.  All my, uh, weaknesses.”  He coughed.  “Said if I didn’t start dealing with him, he’d start picking off people in my life.”
Finally, near midnight, Dean felt it best he head home.  He met Castiel at the coat closet, tossing the man his old overcoat as he did.
Castiel propped his chin on his arms and glared.  “They all sound the same.  They all end the same.”
Balthazar gave him a sharp look and nodded as he slipped into his coat and wrapped the scarf around his neck.  “Do that.  And by all means, report to me as soon as you have.”  He poked Castiel in the middle of the forehead, making him cross his eyes.  “Remember, this is good for you, Castiel.”
Three weeks in, Castiel took the man’s money for a set of new clamps and murmured, “I take it you’ve just moved here?”
The family in the end unit gave him an odd look and the mother made certain to pull her son to her hip,
Another pat to the shoulder and Pretty Voice leans in.  "You're so very lucky Sam called me, Dean.  I'd hate for the rest of the precinct to see you this way."
his own.  Not thinking, he reached between them both, and tugged on Dean’s jeans, fingers fumbling for the fasteners.
Before the man could respond, Dean walked in from a back room, box in hand.  He paled at the sight of Castiel.  “Cas?” he rasped.
Oh.  Shit.  Guess that hadn’t gone well at all.  Dean plastered on a fake smile and nodded.  Just as he was about to agree, Castiel went on.
Dean took a sip of the wine and sighed.  “Didn’t use to be a fan of wine,” he said, voice nearly wistful.  “Used to think it a frilly drink.”
The pout looked both awkward and adorable on the former angel's countenance.  Not that Dean would ever admit to that.  Ever.  "I’ll bring in some soup and tea, okay?"  He gave Castiel a nudge toward his bedroom.  "Go get tucked in, all right?"
“You are an arrogant asshole for someone with such a damn complex,” Castiel remarked.  He smirked somewhat at Dean’s glower.  “I saw the werewolf, Dean.”
Dean’s life had officially taken a nose-dive into the proverbial shitter.  He’d just come off a week’s worth of late shifts at the precinct, only to find the laundry he’d been neglecting had accumulated to the point of nudity or torn gym shorts being his attire the next morning.  So, dead of night, three in the morning, he’d dragged his sorry ass to the laundry room at the basement of the quadplex he lived in, only to have fire alarms ring to life.
“Read ‘em all, huh?”  Dean took one final step, far too close to Castiel.  Yet, he wanted the man even closer, much to his chagrin.  “Got a fave?” the man asked.
“You stupid fucker,” he rasped.  He found an old handkerchief in the same drawer he hid his lube in and yanked it out, cleaning himself up and wiping off the desk.  He tossed it in the garbage and stood up on wobbly legs, trying to make himself presentable.  As long as Bobby stayed out of his office, he probably wouldn’t think he’d been up to anything.  But for Dean, the stink of come filled his nostrils and without thinking, he began to scratch his wrist, pain sparking under his nails.
He fished out his phone and dialed Castiel’s number.  It rang and headed to voicemail.  Three more tries and on the third try, straight to the inbox.  Annoyed, he texted Castiel a brief,
I know, I'm slow in my updating.  But I assure ya'll, nothing is abandoned.  Everything that is up and in process will be finished at some point.  :D
Shaking his head, Dean kissed Castiel again, shuddering at the faint dart of tongue against his lips.  “But it’s over, right?”
As his fingers continued to move, Castiel asked quietly, “Will you take another command from me, my pet?”
you were happy but . . . I never liked him.  He was . . . I don’t know; skeevy?”  He grabbed one of Dean’s fries and shoved it into his mouth.  “Toward the end of that relationship, Dean, you were a mess.”
Eyes narrowing, Dean felt his temper rising.  So he was being played?  What the fuck for?  Grinding his teeth, he managed to ask, “Is this Gabriel Milton?” without snarling.  His hand curled around the pencil on his counter and he wouldn’t have been remotely surprised to have it snap off and fly across the store.
The officer ducked into the driver’s seat, whistling sharply.  ”Fuck, man; that shit came down fast tonight.”  He took off his hat, tossing it into the back seat.  Starting the car, he looked over to Castiel, snickering.  ”You look like a wet cat.”
He chewed quietly and shrugged, not able to find his voice.  Four weeks later and the only thing Dean was certain of was how he
“Ah, one of our best sellers, I admit.”  He pulled a cuff out, dandling it from a finger.  “Would you like to try it on?”
Hey, betcha thought I'd forgotten about this?  :D  Nothing's abandoned, I'll say that again and again.  I'm just going to be taking my time updating.  I was getting overwhelmed and losing my general interest in writing by pushing for constant updates a while ago.  I apologize for the length of time between updates but in the end, it's for the best; I swear.
Now?  Fuck, who knew what he was now.  If Castiel even saw a second of his actual life, he’d laugh in his face.  Call this entire escapade clean off.  The dates were jokes.  And Dean was slowly growing addicted to their softness.  Not a good thing.  Not by a long shot.
“Dean, I’m sorry,” Sam murmured.  “I’m worried about you, though.”  He scruffed his hair, sighing.  “You don’t talk to me anymore.  Haven’t for like a year.”  He met Dean’s eyes, ever the pleading pup.  “I mean, you don’t have to tell me
? he chided.  His goddamn mind was running away with him at the moment.  So much so that he missed half of what Sam blathered on about.
He followed the advice and padded after Castiel, looking around him in amazement.  The house was beautiful.  Lush and inviting.  The living room had a gas-lit fire burning behind a grate.  Plush, pale carpet from wall to wall.  The hallway and kitchen were hardwood as was the dining room when Dean peeked around the corner.  Framed photographs hung from the walls and a hutch of china and glass sat at the far end of the hallway.
On Monday, still irritated by Sam’s interference, Dean headed to Castiel’s home for dinner.  Hopefully, if all went well, he’d get another command and all this stress would disappear.  He bounced on the balls of his feet at Castiel’s door, knocking sharp and quick as he did.
The werewolf’s hatred hit him like a physical blow and he flinched, squinting up at the creature.  Teeth bared, it hissed, “I’ll tear you apart; feed on you.  No one will care!  You’re a hunter!  You deserve to die!”
With a quick, kitten-kiss to his nose, Dean pulled back, pushing himself up to hover over Castiel.  He winked and shifted, bending down to lick a nipple before lowering his mouth to suck hard on the soft protrusion.  Castiel sobbed, throwing his head back, fingers tight in Dean’s hair.  He wiggled violently when the man used his free hand to tweak and pinch his other before suddenly shifting and laving that one with wet heat.
So for once, Dean got to be in charge and damn if he wasn't going to make use of it.  He whistled an old song to himself as he got together a tray of soup and a steaming mug of tea with a squeezy bear of honey.  With careful steps, he brought his goodies to Castiel’s door and nudged it fully open, expecting to see the cranky former-angel scowling at him from his nest of blankets.  Instead, Castiel had curled up at the foot of his bed, dozing under the thick blanket he’d tottered into the kitchen with.
“I was sorry.”  He drew up his legs, resting one elbow on his knees, chin in hand.  “I ran because all my adult life, we’d heard of the
Dean smoothed out his waistcoat, squinting.  “Did you say something?”  He leaned over, ready to poke Castiel in the shoulder when the other man’s head whipped around, forehead clipping Dean in the chin quite neatly.
Though, a part of him wondered on just how high a pedestal he’d placed Castiel.  Rationally, he knew everyone had their foibles.  Their crosses to bear.  Was it wrong that this was Castiel’s?  That he fell apart when it came to family?  Dean didn’t have a right to berate him when he himself suffered worse under intimacy.
of Castiel’s willpower not to answer Dean’s questions the next few days.  He read each and every note, listened to each plaintive voice mail.  But if he wanted to commit to this, he had to keep quiet.  Otherwise, he’d likely lose his nerve.
This wasn’t a conversation he wanted to have with Sam.  He took a massive bite of his burger and mumbled, “We’re just friends; that’s all.”  He swallowed.  “He, uh, he’s . . . not into dudes,” he lied.
since someone had wanted to take control of him.  Until Castiel’s voice, hushed and warm, crossed his skin, he didn’t realize how much he’d missed it.  Or wanted it.  The idea that a guy as good-looking as this Castiel could even be remotely interested in him?  He’d be a fool not to snatch that up.
He didn't even hear Castiel move.  Dean twitched when he felt lips on his head.  Not moving, breath still in his chest, he waited.
do it!  He looked up, finding those bright, bright green eyes and . . . folded like a cheap deck chair.  “It’s about the signing!” he squeaked out.
in not being himself.  Maybe, he could even use his guise as Gabriel to get to know Dean.  He shied away from the complications that could result but was it really so bad to want to get to know a man who ran an alt-bookstore?  Someone who liked his stories for the
Fighting the shiver at his old Dom’s name, Dean took another huge bite of his burger, hunched over his desk.  Michael had been all charm and sweetness whenever around Sam.  Nothing like the bastard Dean had come to know.  But, at least he’d been in a relationship.  That was what mattered, right?  He was getting fucked regularly and someone could put up with his bullshit on a day-to-day basis.
Castiel tilted his head again, noting that Dean’s eyes softened at the action.  “No one ever did that?  Before today, I mean?”
snapped into his head so fast he repeated the word aloud before he could process it.  He paled as he did, already knowing it to be the wrong response.  Michael had told him “
Startled, Castiel lost his grip on Dean and stumbled, colliding with the man’s warm, broad chest.  To his further surprise, Dean’s arm looped around his back, catching hold of him and keeping him upright.  Face disturbingly warm, he looked up, finding dim green watching him.  He could barely see Dean in the low light of the tunnels but he could still see that familiar, brilliant color.
It may not be epic smut but hopefully it makes up for all the nasty angst I threw at ya'll.  :D  I may or may not turn it into a 'verse and add timestamps.  I do have a few on my Tumblr but we'll see if it happens or not.
Groaning, he rose and checked Dean’s wound again.  Ugly for certain but not life threatening.  It had even begun clotting, the bleeding down to a trickle rather than the gush of before.  It still needed cleaning, one way or another.
He ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, instantly calming him.  Dean wouldn’t have been surprised to learn the little shit had used magic on him.  A few years ago, that’d prompt a knife blade and a spray of blood.  Knowing that,
He was there for a Dom’s pleasure.  But his head kept returning to Castiel’s insistence of the opposite.  Of how much he pushed Dean to
“Um, can you meet him for dinner tonight?  I mean, not just him.  I’ll be there, too.  It . . . uh, first meet thing?”  He winced.  For a writer, he was terrible with words at the moment.
supposed to be, was something so goddamn erotic it was all he could do not to bust through his jeans.
He sighed and rubbed his face.  Either he’d gotten what he wanted or he’d made it even worse.  He didn’t pretend to know how to read Castiel.  The guy wasn’t shifty but neither was he transparent.  At the very least whatever thought process trundled through Castiel’s head at the moment would keep him away while Dean settled on a decision.  He just wanted to think for a bit on whether he and Castiel could move on.  Having the man near him, tempting as he was, kept him from thinking rationally.
Even in the dim surroundings, lit only by the faint light from the living room, he could see Dean’s eyes glowing.  Bright and feverish.  Dean said nothing as he knelt between Castiel’s legs, pressing soft, unhurried kisses along the insides of his thighs.  At the juncture of his hip, Dean nibbled the tight skin, licking it with a wide, wet tongue.  Nearly reverent with each warm puff of air, each light, damp touch.
He felt his frustration burn like a fever under his skin, his fingers white-knuckled against his fork.  “Look, I already agreed to be your sub,” he hissed, only belatedly noticing the widening of Castiel’s eyes.  “Quit dragging this shit out, all right?”  As soon as the words slipped free, Dean went cold.  He recognized it in the narrowing of Castiel’s eyes.  Another Dom angry.  But punishment always meant some pleasure.  So . . . it was okay, right?  In the end, he’d get what he wanted, even if it was a sliver.
When Castiel woke, he had a tiny moment of panic.  Something heavy pinned him to the bed.  Heavy, warm, and … drooling?  Bleary-eyed, he craned his neck and squinted.  There was a head on his stomach.  He poked it.  A living head, apparently, given the grunt it earned.
“Sure, sure,” Dean responded, giving the man his out, all the while still grinning.  He stood up and leaned into Castiel’s space, watching those gorgeous eyes widen.  “Call me tomorrow; we’ll go over the last of the setup.”  He hesitated and then pressed his lips to Castiel’s jaw, sighing lightly.
Dean’s voice rumbled against his chest.  “I know that you’re quiet.  You’re shy.  You can be a bit too literal at times.”  Dean’s hand moved slow and sure against his back.  “I know you’re extremely smart and creative.  I know that you have
Dean glanced at the outstretched hand and then back to Castiel.  That same, honest grin from before.  Castiel briefly wondered if Dean had always been a demon.  The thought faded as Dean shook his hand and then leaned back in his seat.  “You sure about this, professor?”
“Come to think of it,” Castiel murmured, “I believe that I, too, am overdue for a laundry run.”  He glanced up at Dean and away.  “Perhaps tonight I should remedy that.”
“Goodnight, my pet.”  As Dean descended the stairs, Castiel called out, “And Dean, feel free to call me at any time tomorrow; my day is free.”
“Hold on, there, hotshot.  Waitin’ for Bal’s call.”  The unmistakable sound of a text message dinged through the car.  “Ah!  You’re in luck, mate; no one down, other than those knocked out by gas.”
He could feel it, faint and fractured; Dean’s passions filling the air.  Maybe it wasn’t love in its purest sense but Dean craved him.  Desired him the way Castiel desired Dean.  He took strength from that and stepped close to Dean again.  He didn’t touch the man this time, though he wanted to.  Wanted desperately to curl against him.  “I do.  I love you.”
“You didn’t arrest him?” Castiel asked, eyebrow quirked.  Frankly, he wasn’t surprised Dean had bolted.  It sounded like the man.  He couldn’t help feeling depressed about it, though.  Little shit.  He had hoped to replay that kiss again.  Maybe.  Well, yes.  Among other things.
Castiel did his usual weird hum when he was thinking and sure enough, when Dean glanced over, the guy was squinting at him.
run the way Dean seemed to want him to.  He could still recall Dean’s need.  The mouthed apologies on his skin . . .
Castiel snorted half in amusement and half in irritation.  “Believe me, I’d not be interested if you were.”  He tapped Dean on the nose, nearly making him go cross-eyed.  “But you know about sub-drop and you know that being a submissive can be nerve-wracking.  I don’t wish to cause you any more grief than you’ve already suffered at the hands of those . . .
to arrest the man wasn’t quite accurate.  As annoying and deceptive as Dean was, he managed to be relatively entertaining.  And the notes, while clearly meant a distraction, were something that Castiel had come to enjoy as well.  It might even be fair to admit he’d
Cheeks warm, Castiel smiled.  “Of course.  I’m happy to help.”  He swallowed.  “Since you’re now a business owner, you’re entitled to a charge account here.  With a ten-percent discount.”
“I can’t,” he said finally.  “I just . . . I can’t,” he husked.  He cradled his glass, staring at his feet.  Call him weak, but he couldn’t.  He couldn’t look Dean in the eye and admit his mistake.  The imagined embarrassment alone sent his fingers trembling.
To his surprise, the crowd broke into applause, all smiles and grins.  He huffed a giddy laugh of his own, tears burning behind his eyes.  He looked to his cousin and Dean, finding equal measures of surprise and pleased pride in both men.  He raised a hand in acknowledgement and earned a wink from Dean and a grin from his cousin.
Castiel frowned.  ”Dean, this is a trigger.  These … items are not good for you.  It’s clear you’ve been hurt in the past and I … I can’t apologize enough for putting you in that position.”  He looked away for a moment and sighed.  ”As I stated, I’d misread you.  I thought perhaps … you were a sub in need of a Dom.  So … forgive me.”
"And you’re a child," Castiel countered.  He looked the uglier wound over, wondering if he’d be able to stitch it in any way or if Dean would simply roll around like an impatient toddler.  He poked at the ragged edges, hearing Dean hiss, he murmured, "Why did you come here?  I’ll simply arrest you."
Dean chuckled despite his irritation.  ”Yeah, I know.  Figure of speech.”  He rubbed his face.  ”Cas, I like having you around because you’re … you.  The angel thing was a bonus, all right.”  He looked down, staring at the floor.  ”You’re my best friend; next to Sam.  Damn, I’ve lost you so many times over the years that each time you come back, I never want to let you go.”
The man yelped and doubled over; convenient since this gave Castiel the chance to smack him in the face with the open tines of the stupid thing.  Wet fabric against skin didn’t sound very pleasant.  And given the yowl that followed, Castiel was fairly certain he’d managed to jab the poor fool with one of the spokes.  Even now, he could discern a faint red mark on the man’s jaw.
A weak laugh was Dean’s only answer.  He moved, resting his hands on his hips.  “It’s not that simple, Cas.”  He still refused to look at Castiel, his jaw working feverishly.
He’d had no destination.  Hadn’t really expected to survive a year or more.  He’d gotten more and more reckless with each subsequent hunt after he’d abandoned the bunker.
He avoided looking at Dean and let go of his book before beckoning Dean to follow him.  They crossed to the back of the store, Castiel’s steps quiet in comparison to Dean’s frustrated tread.  Dean flicked on the light in Castiel’s office and turned, arms folded.  Castiel spared him a glance then, unsure as before, and closed the door to his office.
He sat that way for a while, until his ass complained and his knees hurt.  Moving slowly, he unfolded himself from the floor and dropped his shirts in the suitcase.  There was still the signing.  He felt his stomach flip.  Shit.  There was no way he could send Balthazar there.  Dean might ask about Castiel and then . . . then what?
Castiel began to think he understood.  His temper eased and licked his lips.  “Because you were a hunter?”
Once home, he slipped the talisman on and dressed as quickly as he could.  The rain continued to pour, drumming against his windshield as he sat behind the wheel of his car.  By his guess, it’d been at least two hours since the confrontation with the werewolf.  Jaw tight, he backed out of his driveway, and sped toward Dean’s.  Given the darkening day and the seemingly torrential rain, it look another half hour at least to make it to Dean’s.
Dean sighed.  ”Dude, calm down.”  He reached over with one hand and forced Castiel to lean back, making him squeak with surprise.  He grinned.  ”Just relax.  Eat your lunch.”
?  That had always been his pet project.  His first attempt at publishing.  As Dean had said, it was far from his best writing but that story held a special place in his heart.  To hear Dean held it in the same light filled him with hope.
Frowning, Castiel flipped to the front of the journal’s diary entries.  They began in 1983.  A fire.  From what the author wrote, Dean had been four, Sam just an infant.  Their mother, murdered by some creature, pinned to the ceiling.  The man who wrote the entries wrote little but what was there screamed desperation.  A palpable, almost insane sense of hunger.
To his surprise, his erection surged anew and he almost laughed at the idea.  Just seeing Castiel’s cock was enough to get him hard?  Giddy elation flooded him and he did laugh then, rolling onto his side until his chest heaved with the struggle to breathe.  As his hysterical humor faded, he turned back to the phone, eyeing the man’s dick.
Dean knew he could pull out of Castiel’s grip easily but he refrained, looking away, ashamed.  “Sorry.”
Dean leaned on the counter of the truck.  “Jess is my sister-in-law, Cas.  Family’s visiting from California this week.”  He grinned broadly up at Castiel.  “You seriously think I’d be interested in Jess over you?”
“I am taking care of this.”  He quirked an eyebrow.  “I’ll be back in a few.”  He slipped out of the car, the Impala rocking when he slammed it shut.
Puzzled, Castiel stared at the empty doorway for a few minutes even after Bobby had left.  He settled back, staring at the ceiling tiles.  Back to America.  He hadn’t been home since he’d buried his mother nearly ten years ago.  It sounded less like a reward and more like a punishment.
hear sirens in the distance, Dean sighed.  “Laundry.  Been workin’ weird-ass hours.”  He sighed and scrubbed his face.  “Ugh, I need sleep.”
Dean pulled away from Castiel’s hand, turning to roll down the window and yank at the speaker box, pulling it into the car.  Fiddling with it and the window, he mumbled, “I keep telling you that I don’t.  I’m fine with it.”  The frustration he’d been feeling erupted and he turned suddenly, glaring at Castiel.  “I’m not made of fucking glass.”
Monday morning, Castiel opened the hardware store, humming to himself, barely able to hide his grin.  He couldn’t have
Wait, he recognized the voice.  Sydney.  One of the three vampires in Grovelock.  Frowning, Castiel murmured, “He isn’t . . . I don’t think.  He’s not done anything to me.”
was the one who’d fucked up; not Castiel.  He wanted to say as much but for the first time, the words failed him and he merely swallowed, staring sightlessly ahead.
alive in Hell.  I was useful then.  Wasn’t me trying to come back.”  He cleared his throat under that steady gaze.  “Fuck, man,” he sighed, “even Sam was fine without me here.  Why the
A month ago, Dean might have been pissed that someone was so . . . careful with him.  Castiel always ended their conversations in some similar manner; make sure Dean knew he could call whenever.  And yes, the first time it’d happened, Dean had fumed over it.  He wasn’t a goddamn china doll.  He could function fine.  Castiel’s only focus should have been making sure that Dean took command and didn’t freak out over sex.
“It’s not the same,” Dean rasped.  He looked up at Castiel then, eyes shining.  “You know how much blood is on my hands?  The things I’ve done?”
Grinning, Dean nodded.  “Sure!  That voice of his should work well for the subject, don’t you think?”
“Fuck me,” he blurted.  He felt the blood drain from his face at the words.  “I mean, don’t fuck me!  Not that I’d say no!  I mean, you could if you wanted.”
So, for a week, he ran through Michael’s words.  Remembered the truth of them, the hollow reality of how he’d barely ever managed to follow Michael’s instructions.  How terrible a sub he’d been.  Never giving enough over to him.
Sam dropped a large canvas bag on Dean’s desk and pulled out a salad for himself and a steaming-hot burger with fries for Dean.  He took the seat opposite Dean’s, all smarmy grin and floppy hair.
Sam sighed, oblivious to the internal struggle.  “That’s a bummer.”  He munched a bit longer on his salad.  “You know, one of the partners is gay and single.  He’s a pretty decent guy.  I could maybe –“
And fuck everything; he’d almost had a chance of another Dom.  It wasn’t a lie to say he craved the subjugation.  He
.  “Um, maybe he’s embarrassed?”  By now, he could have said who he was.  Pointed out that the clerk was entranced with
Azazel was strong and forceful and Dean had enjoyed being pinned down by the man.  But eventually, things were less enjoyable for him and more anxiety-ridden.  It became hard to guess Azazel’s moods.  What one day turned him on, pissed him off the next.  After a while, Dean found himself walking on eggshells around the other man.  And then Azazel had found another sub; a woman named Meg.  When Dean had come home early from work, he’d found the two together.  Azazel had laughed in his face and then informed him he was done with Dean.  Sent him off to Michael.
for an out but that didn’t stop him from waiting until the last minute to finally get in touch with Dean.  He sat on his couch, dressed in worn blue jeans and an old hoodie, brow furrowed and lip caught between his teeth as the phone rang.  If he was lucky, Dean had already turned off his phone for the night or was ignoring anything coming from Castiel.
The door binged open and he barely glanced at the other occupant before selecting the first floor, jiggling on tense feet as he waited for the bloody thing to descend.  He heard an obnoxious slurping noise and then a drawled, “We goin’ somewhere?”
Gabriel nodded rapidly, grabbing his napkin and twisting it in his hands.  “Y-yes.  Just . . . I . . . um . . . yes.”  He took a deeper breath and offered a more genuine, if shy smile.  “Yes.  Thank you, Dean.”  He glanced at his writer, frowning.  “Ba -- James, perhaps you could . . . cease brainstorming and focus on the matters at hand?”
And then one day, he did.  It ultimately led to his downfall.  He smiled, soft and sad.  “So you see, we all of our secrets, Dean.  None of us are clean here.”
the control he gave over.  But instead of welcoming Castiel’s advances, he’d gone and panicked, likely making the man think him a freak.  A broken toy like Michael had referred to him when Dean had finally left.
? he thought, pillowing his head on his arm as he listened to Castiel’s low singing.  Given Sam tended to be a bit more forgiving toward supernatural creatures attempting human lives, he’d probably be on board.
Dean only nodded, squinting through the night.  Christ, he was getting old.  His eyes hurt, his head hurt, but at least his ass was too dead to complain just yet.  Any other day, they’d be parked at a motel and Dean would be either drunk or drooling into a pillow.  Preferably both.  Instead, it was two in the morning and he was still driving.
He froze.  Pulling the door back, he stared at Dean.  “What did you call me?” he whispered.  He barely noticed Balthazar slink off down the steps.
grumpy in the morning.”  He turned, walking backward, and winked.  “I offered to help you with your problem, you know.”
not told.  From what little he knew of the other man, words seemed to do little more than slip down his skin.  He smiled a bit, chewing his lip as he did.
and as Castiel.  It didn’t matter that Dean had already known the truth of his nature.  He supposed, he should be upset over that but then again, he’d misled Dean as well by his own subterfuge.
“Bal, please.  Don’t . . . just be charming and courteous, all right?  This is just to set up the signing.”  He locked his car and paced toward the house, keys dangling from his hand.  “Just meet at
He could hear the lie in Dean’s voice.  The distance.  The urge to croon bubbled in his chest and he swallowed rapidly, forcing it back.  He shivered, tugging the comforter close.  Maybe Dean hadn’t correctly read Castiel’s overture the night before.  “Dean, I don’t regret sleeping with you.”
Now they were getting somewhere.  Though, it wouldn’t progress farther than words given Castiel’s track record.  “But you won’t,” he sneered, “because you seem to think I’m broken.”
hadn’t he grabbed his sniper rifle?  What a damn fool he’d been.  He’d let Dean walk into an obvious trap without a weapon to defend himself!  Of all the bloody, stupid things he’d done lately.  His side arm wouldn't do much but generate noises and put Dean at further risk.
Rain drummed against his naked back and he began singing, almost by accident.  He felt most at home in the rain.  His clan had always had a strong affinity toward water; it was why they had settled in this particular area of Oregon so many hundreds of years ago.  He spun and danced in the rain that fell, losing track of time.  He’d wandered off course, nearly blundering into the borders of his king’s lands.
Stiffening his spine, Castiel turned and flew off, heading for home.  Fine, he couldn’t get in as a fairy?  Then he’d get in as a human.  He’d confront Dean about this finally.  Get the man to understand.  He swallowed as wind and rain rushed past him.  Threats existed everywhere.  Dean’s past was proof of that.  But they could protect each other.  Why couldn’t he see that?  Castiel wasn’t weak.  His powers might be relegated to flowers and communication with animals but he wasn’t vulnerable the way Dean seemed to think.
the other man had spurned him.  Admittedly, Dean hadn’t been cruel; mere looked trapped and nervous.  Uneasy with his own actions.  Truth be told, he wasn’t all that certain it was
He squinted at her greeting, though.  And the fact that she seemed to be grinning like a Cheshire cat.  “Hey . . . Charlie.”
Dean frowned.  Given he knew this other guy was actually Castiel’s cousin, Balthazar, the same question flittered through his own head.  He wasn’t sure if the guy was naturally filthy or if he’d done it to annoy Castiel.  If Dean had to wager on it, he’d have bet a bit of both, honestly.  Hoping to save things, he waved a hand.  “Hey, it’s fine.  People can be weird sometimes,” he added lamely.
“Forced leave.”  He grinned at Castiel’s shocked snort.  “’sides, I need to start setting up a better US office.  I want you doing that for me.”
He wanted to laugh it off.  Just shake it all off and walk out.  Walk away.  Instead, he slid down the wall, his legs suddenly giving up until he slumped on the floor.
“Well, I can call him and let him know his rouse isn’t so much a rouse as a burning house of cards.”  Dean could imagine the publisher shrugging on the other end.  “Might end up with a cancelled signing, though.  He probably won’t feel all that great to know that
Castiel’s knees weakened and he dropped his hands to Dean’s shoulders, leaning against him as he panted.  He shivered when Dean tucked his fingers into the waistband of his briefs, tugging them off and down far quicker than he expected.  He was naked now.  Completely nude.  Vulnerable.
button, muttering to himself all the while.  He couldn’t be far.  Dean didn’t have that much of a head start on him.  Twenty minutes, maybe?  Though, with the Tube nearby …
Castiel slugged Alastair in the jaw, falling back with a yelp when the man bucked him off.  He lost hold of Benny’s gun, the weapon sliding over hardwood under a table nearby.  He flailed when a hand gripped his hair.  As Alastair dragged him across the floor, he clawed at the man’s wrist, his legs tangled underneath him as he struggled to gain footing.
Castiel blinked awake slowly, his body aching.  He found Dean craning his neck over his shoulder, staring at Castiel him strangely.  More than once, he glanced down at himself before turning his accusatory eye back on Castiel.
Blushing, Dean shrugged.  Yeah, his nerves were definitely all over the place after Sam’s little trick.  He shoved it down though and said, “Heh, sorry.  Got carried away.”  He slid off his jacket, handing to Castiel to hang on the rack.
Smiling, Dean set his tray down and crossed to Castiel’s side, nudging him with a gentle hand.  ”Hey, Cas?” he murmured.  ”Wake up, pal.  Gonna get a crick in your neck sleeping like that.”
the man.  Like an idiot.  Not looking up, he merely nodded.  “Nope.  Not at all.  Balthazar might but I don’t know him.”
And fuck, the camera was on him again.  He forced that same smile.  “Oh, no.  Not right yet,” he managed.  Goddamn meddlesome Pam.  He couldn’t even figure out what she was up to.  He glanced a bit away from the camera and caught Castiel’s eye.
than with a kiss under the mistletoe.  As I said, it’s always been one of my favorite traditions.  Something so sweet and simple, yet full of promise.”  He eyed Dean, tilting his head.  “Or, would you prefer a handshake?”  There could be no mistaking the intent of his question.  It would be now or never between them both.  Maybe Dean hadn’t been the only one so undone by all this.
There was a bird feeder just out of Dean’s reach and above his head.  Annoyed but still so curious, Castiel alighted on the edge and folded his arms, glaring at Dean.  The message was clearly lost on Dean as the man chuckled.
.  He had just managed to marshal enough braincells to return the embrace when he was shoved back again and released.
“Hey there, stranger.”  Dean grinned at him from behind the counter, all bright and cheerful.  Asshole.  The man wore a tight, black t-shirt which left his gorgeous black tattoo on his right arm on full display again.  Bastard.  At this point, Castiel could have sworn the man did it on purpose.
eating into the back of his head.  ”People do it when they’re taking care of sick people.  Just one of those things.”
Castiel’s eyes went wide.  His legs burned from his hunched position and he still couldn’t quite see straight but damn if he was about to let Dean fall victim to these men.  He shoved open the door, barely announcing
The . . . things they were thought to have done.”  He didn’t look away this time, watching for Dean’s reaction.  “We had always thought you demons of a kind.  Murderers.”
“—who cares,” Dean interrupted.  He went quiet and leaned in, kissing Castiel with warm lips.  “I’m proud of you, Cas.  You did a good thing today.”  He stroked Castiel’s cheek.  “If it’s any consolation, you’re
Stunned, Dean stared at the screensaver on his computer.  He sat back by degrees, the leather chair creaking under his hips.  He glanced at his left hand, startled to see his knuckles standing out white as he gripped the arm.  His skin felt fever hot and his blood pounded in his ears.  “Um.  Auto restoration.  I . . . own a place with my uncle.  Er, sort-of uncle.”
For a moment, Castiel feared the werewolf would do just that.  But in an instant, he howled in anguish and spun, sprinting from Dean’s home.  Dean, however, didn’t move, waiting until only the sound of the rain remained.  Eventually, lowered his weapon and sighed, digging out his keys.  He turned back, slipping into the house, the lock snicking shut behind him.
Castiel blinked up at him, blue eyes wide.  ”Thank you, Dean,” he murmured.  ”I feel I have been burdening you both unnecessarily since I returned from Heaven.  I thank you for not being upset over this.”
Gentle and pleasant, like a sunrise as it crested a mountain.  Full of wonder and life, the song of the forest.
Bobby glowered, throwing down the manual in his hands.  “I don’t know what crawled up your goddamn ass this week, boy, but you keep moving like that, I’m chaining you down.”  He stood and crossed to Dean’s side, yanking out the torque wrench.  “Go in the office.  Answer calls.  I don’t want to see you until you’ve calmed down.”
He looked over quickly at the strange choking noise.  His victim had a hand over his mouth, eyes nearly shut as his entire chest shook.  Worried, he darted forward and patted the man’s chest.  “Are you all right?  Is this a seizure?”  He looked down, digging through his sodden jeans for his cell phone.  “I can call an ambulance for you.  Do you need a piece of leather to bite down on?”
on some level that Azazel and Michael weren’t always on the up-and-up.  Sure, now and again, they gave him what he wanted.  Pinned him down.  Fucked him hard.  Or made him scream as he came.  But there were equal, if not more times, where they took sex when
He squeaked when Dean kissed him, mouth warm and sweet.  He barely had a chance to return it before Dean pulled away, smirking.  ”I love you.”
Castiel almost dropped his own fork at the sound.  He swallowed, biting his lower lip as Dean closed his eyes, licking the drops of apple sauce from his own lips.  That was . . .
That rang a bit too close to truth in Dean’s ears.  He waved a hand.  “Nah, I bet it’s because all his past flings have been with shitty guys.  You know, jerks who leave him unsatisfied?”  He watched Castiel closely, noting he’d fallen still.  “He needs that
Sam rolled his eyes.  “No shit, idiot.”  He leaned forward, placing his salad on the desk.  “That’s not my point.  Look, I’m
But Dean . . . Dean was . . . Castiel drew his knees up and buried his face in his clothes.  He wanted to know more about Dean.  Wanted to know
Even so, he found himself curious of Castiel.  He’d done research on the shop and found it was one of the highest rated sex shops in Kansas.  Clean, well-liked, respectful of queer relationships.  They even offered rope classes and Dom instruction.  He’d found a picture of Castiel, dressed in a neat, button-down shirt, sleeves rolled up to his elbows.  Blue eyes wide and bright.  Hair just as mussed as it’d been when Dean had been there.
After that, Castiel gave up and signaled the nurse on duty for more painkillers.  He was too confused to remain conscious.
Dean shrugged.  “Probably?  Crowley, the one who’d locked me in, he’ll probably throw up a fuss for a little bit but then again, he always said I was more annoying than helpful.  I mean, I did fulfil my end of the contract a long time ago; he's got nothin' now."  He grinned.  “Besides, I wasn’t all that productive on the soul collection department if you get my meaning.”
He rose from his chair and followed Balthazar to the door.  “Fine.  I’ll go and meet this Dean whatever-the-hell,” he promised.  Win-something.  Ridiculously long name.  Sounded like a surname he might have used in one of his books.  He made a mental note to use something similar in the future.  If he was correct, it
Castiel didn’t let him get far.  He grabbed Dean’s wrist, pulling him close.  Eyes closed, he played with Dean’s hair, feeling the man smile against his chest.  “If you think,” he murmured, “that I’m letting you out of my sight after
Castiel reached over for his phone and read the time.  Just after seven.  He needed to meet Balthazar at nine.  And in between that time, figure out what to do with his drooling jewel thief.
Dean, for his part, softened quickly.  “It was a joke, Cas.”  He held out a bottle of wine.  “Forgot the beer but I had this in my cellar.  Hope that works.”
He didn’t know what compelled him but he kept talking, feeling truth spill like water.  If he didn’t, he might never let this out.  ”You’re kind of fantastic, Cas.  Next to you, I’m not much to write home about.”  He chewed his bottom lip.  ”I know what you gave up; I wish you hadn’t but I know what you did.”
“Urk,” Castiel replied, still staring at Dean.  The expression on his face once more mirrored a deer stuck on the highway in rush hour traffic like their first meeting and Dean couldn’t have thought it more adorable.  Castiel swallowed violently and rasped, “He . . . um . . . has . . . he’s very . . . frustrated.”  He winced at the final word, his face flushing red again.
Castiel felt a bolt of wary lust suddenly drive for his beltline at the insinuation in Dean’s dark voice.  Not that the man would think of him that way.  Probably.  Certainly not.  Maybe.  He swallowed and stammered, “Sh-should I call Ba – James?”
A few hours later, Castiel woke up cautiously, half-expecting to find Dean leaving again.  Instead, the man slept on beside him, one hand clutching his atop Dean’s naked chest.  He smiled at the sight, his heart warming.
The humor on Dean’s smile shifted into wickedness again.  “That’s it.  I like that mouth, Cas.”  He flicked his tongue against Castiel’s bottom lip.  “Give me attitude, baby.  I like it.”
Taking his hand back, his shirt sticking to him in the rain like a second skin, Castiel gave Dean a once-over.  ”Indeed.  Perhaps, some night, I could demonstrate?”
At the mention of underwear, Castiel’s eyes dropped down to the man’s groin and he blushed anew.  “O-oh,” he stammered.  A very lurid and cruel image flashed through his head of this stranger nude but for a pair of
’ behavior last night.  I, honestly, never thought he’d behave like that.”  Castiel leaned forward, his head in his hands.  “I don’t understand what came over him,” he breathed.
“James,” Gabriel squeaked.  He winced and shook his head.  “James,” he repeated, his voice steadier, “we should discuss the signing, don’t you agree?”
As if he hadn’t been tortured enough, now there were warm lips on his ballsack as Dean pulled his dick back between his legs.  Somewhat uncomfortable but the thrill of Dean’s lips and tongue on his swollen cock outweighed any discomfort he
The longer things went on, the more complicated it managed to become.  He groaned, rubbing his face.  Dammit.  He had what he wanted but Dean thought him someone else.  And if he dared to try explaining the situation, he’d lose what little he had.
At the end of the train station, he spotted Commuter Angel, holding a newspaper in his hand.  Dean’s heart did its weird little butterfly flutter it always did when he spied the guy.  He almost spun on his heel and bolted back home.  Instead, he cleared his throat and threw back his shoulders,
Dean stood now, one hand out toward Castiel.  “Please,” he begged.  “You don’t want to read that.  Just . . . put it down.”
He took his groceries and waved his goodbye to the older man, feeling a bit steadier as he headed home.  Annabelle’s comments had stuck with him, however.  He had noticed that about Dean last night.  The grief in his eyes.  Something he clearly tried to bury.  The man
to ignore the building ache in his groin, Castiel took a tentative bite of his own pie, the sweetness and cool texture of the ice cream doing wonders to calm his racing heart.  The sugar would help.  Would have to help or he might not be able to withstand the continued noises of bliss Dean seemed intent on letting out.
Before this event with Castiel’s father, they’d spent most of their time together either out in public, or at Castiel’s home.  The man had never pushed to see Dean’s place.  He’d left it alone, as though some barrier of safety for Dean during all this.  In that moment, he was struck with the vision of Castiel dozing on his couch, Dean’s head in his lap.  Just pure domesticity.  No sex.  No commands.  His heart shuddered at the want of it.  Licking his lips, he ventured, “Can . . . can I do that?  At my place?”  He lifted his gaze at that moment, seeing that affection he’d feared lost bright as a beacon.
Thankfully, Dean didn’t seem up to further teasing.  He reclaimed his spot behind Castiel and ripped open the condom, grunting as he rolled it onto his dick.  He popped the cap of the lube in his hand and set slick, wet fingers against Castiel’s asshole.
“Shhh,” Castiel cooed, his fingertips stroking Dean’s cheek.  He leaned over and kissed Dean’s jaw.  “It’s all right, Dean.”  His voice remained low and even.  “They will
Dean couldn’t think of a protest to that.  He fell silent, following behind Castiel as they entered the restaurant.  Castiel had clearly made reservations earlier and they were led toward the back, in a quiet, secluded section.  Dean, for one, was relieved.  It meant if Castiel changed his mind about anything, Dean had some cushion of secrecy.  The restaurant was darkly lit, leaving them further shrouded.
clothes.  He groaned and leaned into the back of his couch.  Or, maybe he was so blocked up he was seeing innuendo where none existed.  Might be time for a marathon solo session later.
When Castiel didn’t answer, he looked over, finding the man staring at Dean’s hands.  “Cas?” he nudged.
Castiel’s face went hot.  “Maybe I should go get the vase back,” he muttered as Dean jolted the car into traffic.
Dean grinned again.  “Look.  Demons entrap, right?  People dig all over Scotland for old shit so how hard is it to find something that looks old and bury it about a foot deep?”  He leaned in and whispered loudly, “Not very.”
He gulped.  “Er, y-yes.  I promise.”  But it wouldn’t fall apart, now would it?  Sure, this was a very tricky situation he’d fallen into but if he could just get to the signing and get out of it without Dean guessing who he really was, what harm was there?  It wasn’t like Dean would see him as anything other than a publisher.  After the signing, they’d go their separate ways.
He looked like a Dean.  A rugged man.  A simple, yet genuine man.  Someone who was good with his hands.  Maybe he went fishing.  Maybe he worked on cars.  Maybe he was excellent in bed.
Castiel nodded and shut the door, leaning against it with a sigh.  He smirked.  “That is, if I do it,” he muttered.
Dean tried to grin but it faded quickly.  “No offense, Cas, but I could take you drunk.”  He cleared his throat, looking away again.  “You’re a bit off there, dumbass.”
Castiel frowned, looking over his shoulder.  “I’m not expecting anyone else,” he murmured.  He absently patted Dean’s arm and turned to the door.  Dean stepped to the side, standing half in the living room as Castiel pulled it open.
Alastair smirked.  “I know who you are, little agent.  You were hunting my toy before.”  He gripped Castiel’s chin.  “Maybe you want to join him?”
Surprised, Dean blinked at him.  “T-touch?  Um . . . okay.”  He shuddered when Castiel’s hand cupped his jaw.  Warm and soft.  It didn’t take much for him to lean into it, his eyes falling shut in the process.
Intrigued, Castiel tilted his head.  He could see a rising flush on Dean’s cheeks; either from irritation or embarrassment.  Hard to say, really.  He pursed his lips and asked quietly, “Why then?  You aren’t a violent criminal.  Besides, I’m certain Interpol would see you more as an asset than a burden, if you can believe it.”
The other man blinked at him again, that same owlish expression from before until it relaxed into a wide grin.  “What, you got cat ears or something?”
Only more so since Dean Jefferson walked into town.  Though, no need to court trouble.  He would just have to keep his fairy visits to a sporadic minimum.  No harm.  None at all.
Balthazar rolled his eyes.  ”My lord.  You two are disgusting.”  He pushed open the back of the door and hopped down.  With one hand on the wide door, he pointed at Dean and then Castiel.  ”I do hope, that by the end of this, the two of you will lock yourselves in a room and not come out until the furniture is broken.”  He shook his head and stalked away a short distance, arms folded.
“I trust you, Dean.  I always have.”  He frowned when Dean shook his head again.  “Hunter or not, everyone deserves a second chance.
”  He cleared his throat and set his glass down with a click.  “I couldn’t . . . I was in a bad state, Cas.  That’s all.  I couldn’t stay there and he didn’t seem to want me there.  So . . . I left.”  He spread his hands, shrugging almost in chagrin.  “So, here I am.  Dirtying up your town.”
FLUFF.  ALL THE FLUFF.  THIS FIC WILL PUKE BUNNIES.  Anyway, I was going to hold off on posting this for a bit but I feel it's needed.  This is a major Dean lovefest.  As the title suggests, he retires somewhere quiet to forget his life of darkness and blood.  And maybe gets a bit of fairy booty on top of it.  :D
Balthazar rested a warm, concerned hand on his shoulder.  “He . . . expressed concern over you not responding to him.  I felt he needed an explanation on your behavior.  I apologize if I shouldn’t have but, Cassie, he deserves to know the truth.”  Balthazar’s eyes pleaded with Castiel, worry setting in.
Castiel rested a hand on Dean’s cheek and nodded.  “I would very much enjoy that, Dean.  Thank you.”  He closed his eyes and kissed Dean again, soft and long, murmuring, “Thank you,” as he did.
When he opened his eyes, Balthazar gave him a relieved smile.  “Ah, good.  Shall we begin this farce?”
“Not an excuse,” Dean replied.  To his credit, he met Castiel’s sharp look.  “You fucking treated me like shit in there, Cas.”
Dizzy, Castiel leaned into Dean’s insistent mouth, murmuring, “Not . . . exactly suave . . . Dean.”  His eyes snapped open and he began to form an apology when he halted, stunned.
It took some coaxing and a few threats with his gun to get Dean to spill the location of his rendezvous point with this Alastair fellow.  They stopped at a small, late night clothing store to pick up a clean shirt for Dean and with the wound bandaged, he looked none the worse for wear.
Settling into his chair, the warmth of the wine slipping into his blood, Castiel smiled.  “I’m a fan of some wines.  Though, truly, I prefer whiskey.”
Warming to the idea, Dean nodded.  “You want this gone?  Make a cock cake.  You do that, I’ll forgive you.”  Internally, he wanted to dash his head against his desk.  Where the fuck had that come from?  Jesus.  But maybe it had the right level of stupid.  Because, fuck everything; Dean missed him.  He missed the dumb conversations they had.  The way Castiel moved.  The way he spoke.  This fight sucked and while Dean
"Oh."  Castiel turned Dean’s wrist, his fingers once more resting lightly on the metal and leather.  "I misread you then."  A wicked curl of the lips.  "With the faster heartbeat and the stuttered breathing, I thought for certain you were aroused by this."  He stepped closer to Dean, pushing him gently toward the wall, his ass hitting solid wood far too quickly.  Castiel dug his fingers into the leather, trim nails scraping the tender skin of Dean’s wrist, drawing out a broken moan he tried
I own a quiet clinic.  That I am as he is.”  He halted, hands white-knuckled.  “He knows nothing of who I am and whenever I am near him, I am
time the bastard slipped free of him … his whistling faded as his jaw clenched.  He found a good vantage point away from the Eye and tucked himself in behind a shuttered cafe’s wall.  He pulled out his binoculars and to his surprise, found Dean easily, the man’s large frame pacing back and forth.
He smiled wanly.  “I’m sure that won’t happen.”  He blushed when he realized what he said.  “N-not that it’s my intention!”
The door jangled as both women left and Castiel stared after them, jumping when Mr. Wallace cleared his throat.  The older man grinned, his longer canines glinting.  “Morning, Castiel.  You look a bit distracted.”
He didn’t like these words.  Wanted to chase them away.  But he couldn’t stay awake.  Found it difficult to fight off the dark that encroached.  Trembling, he burrowed into Dean’s embrace, craving solace in the firm grip of the man’s warm arms around his back.
Immediately, Castiel drew back, leaning against the door again.  “Of course,” he murmured.  He fidgeted, arms around his midsection.  He coughed once, not looking up.  “I don’t expect you to forgive me but can I explain?”
around me.”  He pulled his head up, stern but gentle.  “If he ever surprises me like that again, it will be tense, but I will not let you leave.  I swear it.”
Dean wouldn’t look at him, merely hunched his shoulders tight as he ate.  ”Can’t,” he stated, his voice tight.  ”Just … drop it, okay?”  He flicked his gaze toward Castiel, the green bright.  ”Okay?” he repeated.
on top of everything else.  Took off blathering some excuse.  Almost in defiance of that . . . Dean had . . . kissed him.
“Fucking hell,” he grunted, yanking out his keys and shoving open the door.  If he was lucky, he’d be able to keep a handle on his tongue tonight.  He’d sit and eat with Castiel.  Chat.  Maybe they’d shake hands tonight.  Top it off with a salute.  No matter what he did tonight, he’d end up miserable.  Even knowing that Castiel wanted him did nothing to alter that concept.
Castiel stopped in front of the restaurant, placing a hand on Dean’s forearm.  “What I like?  In terms of what?”  He didn’t sound angry, only curious.  With the odd tilt of his head, he reminded Dean of a bird.
Laughing, Dean shook his head.  ”None, dork.  The salt and the carbs can help when your stomach’s all fucked up.  Plus, they’re good in soup.”  He pointed to said soup and stated, “You’d better eat all that.  And then drink your tea.”
Relieved, Dean chuckled and put and Castiel to work.  He whipped up a quick stir fry with ground turkey and fresh vegetables he’d picked up the other day.  In less than a half hour, they both headed into the dining room with steaming plates and a beer each.
Surprising.  “That matters?”  He watched Castiel, the angel’s gaze locked on Sam as he moved through the diner.  Dean followed the look and was immediately struck by how tried Sam looked, hunched over the counter.  He wasn’t the only one worn out.  Yet another reason he wouldn’t let Sam drive.  At least
Sam looked startled but went gamely on.  “Look, it’d been bothering me after you broke up with him.  I mean, it was clear he wasn’t good for you and you are
Gasping for air, Castiel tried to hold on.  Tried to merely savor the pleasure of this man’s love-making but his body had other ideas.  Two more strikes to his prostrate and his body seized, scream lodged in his throat as his cock pumped come onto the couch beneath them.  He squeezed Dean’s cock in response, feeling new heat even through the latex of the condom as the man came.
“Hmm.”  Castiel placed a hand on Dean’s arm, guiding him around toward the station’s exit.  “And perhaps, if we’re both up for it, we’ll find out just how
is going to have a baby.  Whatever.  Technicality.  Just means Dean's going to be an uncle.  He gets to spoil Moose Jr. to the fullest extent of his checkbook.
“You’ve known that long?” he asked, surprised.  He could almost look at Dean.  Well, at his chest.  His very nice chest.  He would miss that chest.
There was no anger in the man’s eyes but a ferocity he hadn’t expected.  It made him tremble with worry and burn with arousal all at once.  For the first time, the intensity wasn’t a direct result of
Sputtering, Castiel stumbled toward the car, blinking in surprise when the officer opened the door for him.  Wordlessly, he slid into the car, thankful to finally be out of the rain but still somewhat confused by everything.
Right.  Be a man and look away.  Stop it before it started.  So he’d wobbled atop his stool and turned back to the bar, effectively killing whatever the hell had been happening.
She smiled as she crossed back to the door.  “Yup!  Said he had this goofy look on his face when you skipped off to the bathroom at one point.  Just thought you’d like to know.”  What wagged her fingers at him.  “Gotta get back to work, boss-man.  See ya!”
Dean rolled his eyes and sat back on his ass, legs splayed out in front of him.  The display for Castiel’s books mocked him.  That damn name.  He’d had such a crush on the guy all through college and even now.  But Castiel appeared to be so much more than brilliant word play and hot sex.  Well, he
They stood silent for a moment or two before Dean tugged on his tie.  Grinning, he looped the tie around his fingers.  “So.
Dean took a deep breath and stuck his hands in his pockets, grunting as the movement pressed harder against his dick.  Coughing again to distract himself from Castiel’s hungry expression, he nodded.  “Yeah, I think so.”
He really didn’t want to read into their interactions – after all, he’d likely be disappointed – but, unless he wanted to label himself blind as well as foolish, it was clear that Dean was interested in him.  He’d even mentioned how he preferred Castiel to Balthazar.  Well, preferred
"Am not," Dean protested.  Yep, there went the blush.  Goddammit.  He spun around, facing the counter, pulling a can of chicken soup toward him and rummaging through the drawers for a can opener.  "He’s sick and being a whiny baby about it.  Keeping him in his room keeps him out of my hair."
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel cooed.  He stroked his thumb against Dean’s cheekbone, sighing.  “Dean, they . . . they are the broken ones.  Not you.  What they did to you was
That could have been rejection, plain and simple.  Dean’s flat tone certainly seemed to offer such.  But, Castiel remembered how desperate Dean had been the night before.  How eager he’d been.  He’d
The relief that Sam’s search had turned up nothing almost knocked Dean to his knees.  He leaned against the back of the couch, feigning nonchalance, even as his heart raced painfully.  “Don’t you ever do that again,” he growled.  Sam didn’t need to worry about him like this.  A background check was a Dean maneuver.  Not one for Sam.  Sam had his own life and worries.  This shit that Dean dug into had nothing to do with his little brother.
Dean crossed the space between them and pulled Castiel into a kiss, feeling the man stiffen and then relax into his arms.  In reality, it was still dumb.  It was only a cake.  A thing that would vanish or rot or fall apart.  And yet, so much more than that.  The attention.  The care.  The
He smiled faintly, the action vanishing as soon as a second man stepped into view.  He didn’t recognize him.  Tall and thin.  Patchy facial hair.  Balding head.  Threatening, though, given how Dean seemed even more tense, even given the distance between them.
“Don’t get mad at me if you fall off my head, you drunk,” Dean teased.  He moved slowly, though, as he settled even deeper into his chair, slouched and comfortable.
As if hearing the plea, Dean’s smirk shifted, warming again.  He laughed lightly, clearly amused.  “Well, if they
He felt a rueful smile tug on his lips at Castiel’s familiar humming.  He’d miss that.  He’d miss that a lot, actually.  And the smiles.  The laughs.  The man himself.  He’d never met a man like Castiel.  Probably never would again.  So, naturally, he’d shit on the whole thing by being
James shrugged.  “I do like to keep a bit of . . . mystery, surrounding my life.”  He paused when the waiter returned with their wine, lifting his glass as soon as it was filled.  “Much more delightful that way,” he mused.
Shaking his head, Dean kissed Castiel again, savoring the welcome feel and the soft sigh it earned.  “Never change, Cas; never change.”  After all, Dean never would have fallen for him if he had.
Charlie worked part-time and also handled the website for the shop and any ridiculous technological advertisements she could force on he and Bobby.  She was younger than Dean and thankfully, smarter.  Also the only woman he didn’t feel the need to flirt with.
that he can never take what belongs to me.”  Crowley paused, his shoes squeaking as he turned.  “I paid him for his talents and he should be pleased with that.”
Shit, it had been … seven months by his count since he’d been around Michael.  He’d dated since then.  No Doms though.  But the second that leather had slid against his skin; the moment Castiel had whispered in his ear, it’d all rushed back and he’d panicked.
Some of Castiel’s smile faded at the use of the false name but as he turned to leave the bar, Dean was pleased that the man’s hand lifted to touch the skin that Dean had kissed.
feel a bit giddy about care-taking at the moment.  Castiel couldn’t zap this cold away any longer.  He needed tending.  He’d probably be grumpy and whiny the entire time, but frankly, Dean didn’t give a shit.  Grumpy and whiny usually also meant
Castiel smiled at the chilled white wine.  One of the sweeter ones.  That might be all he would need to temper his fairy urges at the moment.  “It’s perfect,” he replied, closing the door behind Dean.  “I’m not sure if you like dessert but I picked up a pie at the market.  Had I the time, I would have made it myself.”
much.  Really, his interactions with Dean had been niceties if he ignored his impertinence as a fairy.  He had no right to simply show up on Dean’s doorstep with a plate of food.
Dean chuckled.  “Well, looking up at the sky isn’t the best way to watch where you’re going.”  He shifted the small bag of groceries in his arm, cocking his head slightly.  “Market day?”
Dean almost protested but swallowed, looking down.  “Uh, it’s not that.  Not really,” he admitted.  He stared at their hands, acutely aware of Castiel’s warm skin against his own.  “Just that . . . means this is . . . more than just a fling.”
for lack of a better term.  He dressed in clean, dark jeans, a green button-up with a black t-shirt underneath.  Checking himself in the mirror for the fifth time in as many seconds, he rolled his eyes and snorted.  Seriously?  All this anticipation over a guy who just wrote really hot sex?
to him; repeatedly.  Yet, he had no trouble ignoring all that simply because he liked what he’d found.
Dean felt his stomach drop.  Huh?  Maybe he’d heard it wrong?  Tongue thick in his mouth, he rasped, “Uh, C—“
Still flush against Dean, he frowned.  “I don’t understand.  How is that nerdy?  It’s the correct term.”
"Enough, Dean," Castiel growled.  He softened quickly.  "Dean, whether you like it or not, I am helping you; so cease fighting me."  He patted Dean’s shoulder and went on.  "If we’re unable to reach Sam, fine; we’ll solve the problem here in London."
Castiel’s mood sank after that.  He could barely greet his customers, knowing full well that had he tossed his mortal form, his wings would be drooping and gray.  Sydney came by, happily devouring the turnovers Castiel promised but he couldn’t bring himself to take part.  Sweet things tasted like ash at the moment as his mind mulled over Dean’s sudden dismissal.
Castiel turned a deaf ear on Dean’s threats, calmly calling a car to collect them and take them to Balthazar.  He had to admit, though, that Dean was getting very inventive with his promised vengeance.  Most involved utensils and setting him on fire.  A-plus for effort, for certain.
Unable to think of an answer, Castiel merely stared at Dean until the other man’s smile faded and genuine worry set in.
He glared at Gabriel, his face hot.  Gabriel just lifted his brows in mock innocence and chirped, “What?”
“Yeah, well; get over it.  You’re heading home.”  Bobby stood and patted Castiel’s leg.  “You’ve got a damn good record, Castiel; time you earned your reward.”  He stopped at the doorway.  “I’ll send over your flight information and the office information in the morning.  Before you head out, though, you’ll get your debriefing and questioning regarding what went on.  Benny and Balthazar filled in most of the gaps but they’ll want you corroborating what you can.”
“Maybe now you get it,” Dean muttered.  He didn’t glare as he looked up to Castiel.  Seemed oddly saddened, broken and kneeling on the floor.  “It was bound to happen, Cas.  I warned you.  I fuck this shit up wherever I go.”  He covered his face, making a sharp noise as he did.  “Just . . . why did . . . why’d it have to be . . . you?” he whispered.  “Why’d I have to poison
"I don’t want you fixing this for me," Dean protested.  He glared at Castiel but didn’t move away from him.  "This is my deal.  I’ll fix it.  I’ll fix
Dean shook his head, lifting his own drink.  “Still can’t believe I’m sitting here, drinking whiskey with a naked fairy.”  He snorted.  As he took a sip from his glass, his eyes narrowing and glinting.  “Though, maybe you’re a good luck charm, Fireball.”  He set his drink down and settled in his chair, picking up the remote.  “Had myself a date for the first time in . . . fuck.  Ages.”
Castiel didn’t have a chance to respond before the hostess came to their table, a worried expression on her pale face.  ”Pardon, sirs,” she cooed.  ”By chance would one of you be Castiel Novak?”
“So says you,” Balthazar stated.  He sighed, leaning back in his chair.  “Believe it or not, Cassie, I did that for your benefit.”  He poked Castiel in the side of the head.  “You continue to hide behind
that with his own partners but had always fallen short given his own awkwardness.  He’d gotten off, sure, but never been nonsensical.  Dean hadn’t done more than kiss him and Castiel thought for certain he’d faint.
sign.  Bobby had already left and he found a roughly scribbled note on the desk cursing at him and saying much the same.  He winced.  He’d really been stuck in his head today.  Maybe some brother bonding time would get him out of this.
regret my decision.  I would not want you to see that as a mark against you.  I did not do that just for
After a bit, Dean pulled away, breathing faster.  He gave Castiel a crooked grin.  “Uh, sorry.  Hadn’t really intended that part.”  He cleared his throat, not yet backing away.  “I didn’t . . . I didn’t fuck things up, did I?”
Once again, Dean seized up in surprise.  For a moment, he almost believed the man.  But then his past surged in again and he slumped down, sobering almost instantly.  “Thanks,” he replied, wondering if either Samandriel or Hiel had been remotely troublesome for Castiel.  Dean would likely make him regret ever being a Dom at this rate.
“Gabe!” he called.  When the man didn’t turn immediately, he whistled sharply and repeated the name.  Weird, still no response.  Was he that locked in conversation with his companion?  A second whistle and the slender blond he was with turned but not before jabbing Gabriel in the arm.
He was full of mistakes these days.  “I’m sorry.  I . . . I should have called ahead.”  He turned the chair, staring at the closed door.  “Did . . . I made things awkward for you, didn’t I?”
Unaware of his turmoil, the man surprised him by chuckling.  “I suppose it is.  Comes from being a psychology doctorate, I’d hazard to guess.”
"Sex?"  He’d been reduced to monosyllables but frankly, no one could blame him.  He couldn’t be hearing these things correctly, could he?  Dean wanted … him?  "I do enjoy sex," he blurted, his face flaring hot as soon as the words registered.  "Oh, my God," he muttered, pulling away from Dean and covering his face.
When Castiel woke, he swung wildly at the dark shadow hovering over him, which actually amounted to little more than a confused flail.  Or maybe not even that given how heavy his limbs felt.  Squinting, he peered at his attacker and found a familiar bearded man grinning at him.
but she refrained from pouncing for once.  Instead, she slipped off Dean’s desk and hopped to his side, leaning up to kiss him on the cheek.  “If it’s any consolation, Kevin thought your
underwear.  Damn his vivid imagination.  Struggling to look away, he bent down and retrieved his umbrella, upturning it to empty it of collected rainwater.  “If you’re all right then . . . I’ll be going, sir.”
Castiel shrugged, digging through his own field kit for a small bottle of alcohol.  ”You broke into my room.  Bled on everything.  Then … fainted.”
Squirming and squawking, Castiel tried to climb out from under Dean but the man was an octopus, pinning him to the bed with arms and legs at this point.  He grumbled, Dean spooned up behind him, nuzzling his neck.
– behavior at dinner, he didn’t find that hard to believe.  A faint smile tugged at his lips as his irritation began to wane.  “That bad, huh?”  He could almost see it in his head.  Blue eyes wide with fear, twitching and nervous.  Plush lips bitten and pale . . .
Exhausted, he’d given up trying to figure it all out by about one in the morning.  A few restless hours later, he rolled out of bed, feeling hungover even though he’d not finished his one drink.  It was only Thursday.  That meant four more days to his – Balthazar’s – signing.  Four days left of pretending to be something he wasn’t.  Four more days of Dean.
Several bottles of alcohol lined the easy chair Dean often sat in.  Had he been like this since their break up?  He touched Dean’s arm, halting him, the man swaying in place as he turned.
He hissed and looked at his wrists.  The skin had begun stinging horribly the last few days.  Not hard to see why.  His constant scratching had scraped the top layer of skin, leaving red welts about two inches long.  They were darker and longer on his right wrist.  Not as bad on his left.  He sighed and tugged on his flannel, dropping the sleeves down.  Just another goddamn fuckup.
The car rocked with violence as he yanked on the door and all but fell in.  The engine had hardly cycled before he tore off down the road, wipers flipping and rain drumming.  Anger.  Anger like he hadn’t experienced in
Eyes half shut, Castiel leaned back and yawned.  ”As you’ve said.  Ten times by my count.  You need a new argument, Dean.”
Licking his lips, Dean’s lust returned, leaving green eyes blazing hot and dark.  “You know,” he husked, “I’ve been thinking about you since I left.  Wished we’d fucked.” He dropped his arms down, tugging Castiel’s jeans off as well as his boxers.  Dean’s hand rested warm and firm against his cock and Castiel hissed, his hips bucking.
Annoyed, Castiel used his free hand to clap it over Dean’s mouth.  “Quiet.”  He smirked at the surprise in Dean’s eyes.  “You’ve done terrible things.  I’m sure more than what was listed in that journal of yours.”  He dropped his hand slowly, letting it fall to Dean’s leg under the blankets.  “I wasn’t exactly heroic as a youth.  Or adult, for that matter,” he added, lifting his brow.
Still playing along, Dean’s eyes took on a wicked gleam.  “Maybe I’m just using him for his ass,” he quipped.  “It’s a damn fine one, after all.”
He took a deep draught of air and let it out in a burst.  “When you don’t touch me, I think you don’t want me,” he blurted.  His face felt cold and hot and he couldn’t meet Castiel’s eyes but he went on, staring at the floor between his socks.  “I get the sex part; I do.  I mean, I
He crumbled up his hot dog wrapper and Castiel’s, stuffing them both in the paper tray Castiel had used to carry their food over.  The lights around the drive-in dimmed and the speaker box popped as the trailers began.  “Uh, how’d you find this place, anyway?” Dean asked.  He cinched up the window until it barely pinched the wire of the speaker, tucking himself into his coat and flannel as he did.
Oh.  Castiel resisted the urge to look over at Dean, instead clasping his hands and bowing his head.  “Um, why?”
Castiel tilted Dean’s jaw up and kissed him deeply, coaxing Dean’s tongue into his mouth with a growl of satisfaction.  Pulling away just enough to free their lips, he murmured, “You will not touch yourself until you are home.  Once there, you may come however you choose to.  But I wish you to send me a photo of your climax.”
“Coffee,” Dean yawned.  He shooed Sam out the door and leaned back, trying to work the stiffness out his legs.  Wincing, he shifted in his seat, raising his legs to stretch them across the bench seat.  Even that movement did wonders, sending blood pumping back to parts forgotten.
Realizing what Castiel implied, Dean licked his lips.  “Yes, sir,” he answered.  It was with more than a bit of relief that he recognized the commanding tone of his Dom.  The anxiety that had been returning faded to the back of his head, like a headache about to burst.  He was safe in his home, with someone who
“Th-they don’t know,” he muttered.  “They said . . . they said to leave him alone.  Th-that he won’t hurt us.”
Dean in the middle of fleeing from a gunfight.  How messed up was his life?  Castiel wasn’t anything to Dean beyond a constant thorn and pest.  All the past teasing was probably little more than Dean trying to get a rise out of him, or get him to back off.  There certainly wasn’t
He almost wanted to whine over the unfairness.  Castiel just needed to take control.  Step in and direct Dean.  Not drag this out.  “Cas, c’mon,” he muttered.  He looked up, startled by the warm grin, and soft eyes.  “Wh-what’s that look for?”
place.  Not his.  Too many cat things in the bathroom.  He thinks maybe he should be trying to come up with a way to get out of all this.  To put it all back to the way it used to be but . . . Cas is
Would it show weakness to give Castiel another chance?  He’d not done anything hurtful before now.  And Dean had the misfortune to know
Dean snorted, amused that this guy could spend his lunch break on World of Warcraft of all things.  “Well, this hopefully won’t take long.  Sam mentioned that you knew Gabriel, right?”
It was muddy in his head, though.  Wasn’t it all the same?  Michael shoving him to his knees or spreading his legs with ropes; all the same, right?  Either way, he was serving someone.  Giving them what
Castiel chittered in annoyance but busied himself with his whiskey thimble, wanting a better way to communicate with the man.  Hard to be jealous of one’s self.  His lips rested against the whiskey and he paused.  Oh, this was such a bad idea.  If Dean spoke to him about
An argument burned in his throat but he swallowed it.  Maybe slow was best.  If it meant that eventually, Castiel would take control.  He could withstand a few dates for that, right?  He swallowed, fighting his nerves.  “Okay,” he breathed.  “Slow.”
Castiel’s head snapped up, his eyes wide.  In Balthazar’s hands was that scrap of paper he’d been hauling around since England.  He scrambled, patting at his jeans’ pockets, coming up empty.
Still grinning, Dean shucked his jeans and shoes before stripping off his shirt.  There was no hiding his interest in their actions given the hard line of his cock against his briefs and the growing damp spot in the dark cloth.  He held his hands over his head and thrust out his hips.  “You gonna
Again that warm smile.  “Because, if you truly wanted it, you wouldn’t be arguing with me right now.  You’re nervous, Dean.  Nerves are a sign that you’re uneasy or unhappy.  You were calm and quiet on the hill.  Pliant.  Here?  You’re like steel.”  He touched Dean’s cheek again, his fingers cool.  “
Taking a deep breath, Dean finally shed his shirt and then lay carefully on the couch, face turned toward the tv.  “You don’t need to,” he pointed out as Castiel straddled him on the couch.
Eyes shut, Castiel wriggled, grinning when Dean swore.  “Do not . . . be angry . . . if I do the same,” he retorted, his mind growing dizzy under Dean’s touch and weight.  Unlike their first night together, he sensed no hesitation in Dean.  Just ferocious lust.  It burned in his fingers, in his stuttered breathing.  Castiel’s own passion surged, his cock throbbing as he shifted minutely against Dean.
Frowning, Castiel yanked on his arm, jerking Dean’s bound hands.  ”Hard not to be when you insist on taunting me,” he remarked.  He lifted his brows.  ”Was the … gesture in the security footage necessary?”
Of course.  This was a joke to Dean.  He’d probably played up that whole … whatever it was in the car.  Annoyed and embarrassed, Castiel stood, wiping his jeans.  He dug out the key to the cuffs and unlocked them, throwing both items in the back of the car.  He couldn’t look at Dean, though.  Would just see that same smug amusement most likely.
” he whispered.  Even as he said it, his cheeks heated painfully and he refused to look at Dean when the man pulled away.  Great.  Already ruined the mood.  Even with
Castiel blinked at the comment.  He tugged Dean’s arms closer and relaxed into Dean’s embrace, his skin still carrying its soft, golden glow.
, after all.  Gabriel was always quick with a sly joke or lewd comment.  Castiel had zero idea how the man did it but he was charmingly sleazy and won over nearly everyone he ran into.  Castiel, so far, failed miserably at being Gabriel.  How the hell was he supposed to fabricate
to.”  The couch creaked as he leaned over Dean, fishing in the drawer of the end table.  He grunted when he grabbed the small bottle of lotion.
Balthazar sighed.  “I will have to parse some of that in a bit but I believe I have the essence of it.  So you lied?  About what?”
Once back at his apartment, he flopped on the couch, groaning violently into the cushions.  Staring.  Always with the damn staring!  He never did know when to look away.  At this point, it was doubtful he knew how.  So of course he made himself look foolish in front of a sexy police officer.
a bit strange that he’d latched onto Castiel so fast.  Maybe it was simply because they hadn’t fucked yet.  Once that happened, things would
“Not everyone,” Dean growled.  He looked at Castiel then, the rage in his eyes tempered by something equally painful and broken.  “Some of us, we deserve to burn.”
In a way, he understood why Sam was so preoccupied with it.  He’d found someone so like most goofy-eyed lovebirds, he wanted others to have the same.  It just wouldn’t be in the cards for Dean.  He could find pleasure if he was lucky but love?  The kind that Sam and Jess had?  Yeah, not likely.
The man took the contents of the safe — well over a million pounds worth of jewels and rare coins — and stuffed them into a small sack at his hip, dropping everything back into the gadget bag.  Strangely, though, he turned and tugged off his ski mask, revealing his handsome features and wide eyes.  Green, Castiel knew.  Unfortunately.  He stiffened, however, when he caught the man mouth his last name.
He gave Dean a wave before darting out the window.  It clicked shut behind him and he turned in time to see Dean hold up a hand as he pulled the curtains closed.
He kissed Dean’s palm, nuzzling it softly.  Body thrumming pleasantly, his inner light still that soft touch to his skin, Castiel rose up, almost letting Dean fall out before he sank back down, crying out in delight.  He gripped Dean’s hand in his, eyes shutting as he lifted and fell again.  Sparks of pain and pleasure shimmered in his gut and he mewled, overcome by the bliss of it all.
His dumbass jerkface brother had opted for a summer barbecue about four years ago, inviting family and his closest coworkers to his two-story home out in the country.  Big ol’ shindig so that the younger Winchester could impress the brass.  Fine, Dean could always use an excuse to eat meat and drink beer.  Like he’d shy away from that.
“Dunno,” Bobby admitted.  “Once he was sure you were good, he took off.”  He snorted, folding his arms.  “Dumbass got worse than you but still managed to sneak out before I could stop him.”
Castiel took another hefty swallow of whiskey before setting it aside.  He could already tell he’d be tipsy by the end of the night.  But, not caring, he fluttered up and pressed his hands to Dean’s forehead, trilling like he had that first night.  He wanted Dean to understand that he was safe here.  That no one would hurt him.  Even if Sydney’s worries were true and Dean was a hunter, he was safe here.
He slapped his arms over his chest, shuddering at the brisk wind and wondering if it was possible to have his balls hibernate somewhere in his esophagus.  His neighbors were clustered at the end of the drive, and hoping to
Castiel withdrew his fingers, noting with some chagrin how Dean’s eyes followed the movement.  “Then why tell me?” he asked quietly.  He’d never seen a man look so
Castiel stared at his cousin, mind whirling with attempts to get out of it.  He brightened, sitting up straight.  “You could do it!”
“I just . . .” he felt his legs buckle and he slid down to the floor, like he had in Castiel’s store that day.  The reminder burned in his chest.  “I just want to be useful to you,” he admitted.
Barely functional, he begged Dean, the man’s name a whisper of air as his body opened up, accepting more of this tempting man.  He whimpered and screamed, nonsensical from the man’s prowess.
Dean pursed his lips.  “Maybe,” he drawled.  “But see, at least I wasn’t eating the hearts of whoever I damn well pleased.”  He stood then, both hands on the gun.  “Did you forget that little tidbit?”  He sneered.  “She was a pretty thing, I’ll admit; damn disgusting habits though.”
For a moment, Dean’s expression closed off and he looked cold and angry.  Frightening, almost.  But the image passed and he softened, sagging a bit against Castiel’s kitchen island.  “Um, long story short?  I have a brother.  He . . . we don’t really talk anymore.  Where I was . . . reminded me of
a better Sunday night.  Dean’s kiss had been so sweet and gentle; completely against what he’d expected.  To look at the man, one would have expected him aggressive and savage; but the Dean in his kitchen had been hesitant and soft.
being harangued by his fugitive.  Though, the rather darkly amused portion of his somewhat sleep-deprived mind did find it fascinating Dean was so incensed.  Couldn’t being to understand
It took a few seconds for Castiel’s words to sink in.  When they did, Dean bolted upright, apology on his lips when he caught Castiel’s warm smile.  He relaxed, glancing down to find his wrist still cradled in Castiel’s hands.
Castiel refused to get off the phone with Dean for nearly an hour.  By the time they’d finished talking, Dean had a firmer idea of where they stood but some questions still lingered.  He agreed to dinner a second time, promising to show up at six like he’d stated earlier that day.  And even though the rest of his afternoon remained uneventful, those questions simmered in the back of his head.
I do hope this chapter sits well with everyone.  Remember, their relationship is a slow burn and will move not nearly as quickly as some would like, I'm sure.  I do promise sex, however.  Just....not right yet.  :3
Dean’s eyes widened, picturing Gabriel and his soulful blue eyes inciting that much irritation with someone.
for him.  He fit to so well against Dean.  That firm, hot body.  And just as he felt Castiel’s hands glide up his back, the other man snatched them back and shoved Dean away.
Ice shivered down his back and he trembled.  He’d done that with Michael, though.  He’d turn Michael away for crossing the line but eventually, Michael’s manipulation would win out and it would be
Reaching up, Castiel stroked his cheek.  “I would like to see you try,” he mused.  Never.  Dean would
Sighing, Castiel flopped back on the bed, wondering how he was going to get Dean to understand.  He wanted to be with the man, no matter the danger.  He loved him.  Utterly.  And he
couple.  Just . . . a very helpful Dom and a messed up sub.  So, really, sex should have started up a hell of a lot faster than it had.  And he
Wishing fervently he could rip his own tongue out, Dean scrambled to sit up.  He managed an awkward leg tangle, hardly noticing when their train arrived and subsequently left.  Leaving the two of them alone on the platform.
Given that no meteors plummeted out of the sky to wipe him from the earth, Castiel managed to stand and shuffle out of the van.  He looked up the road and could just make out two cars hurtling their way.
Dean sagged in his seat, pulling away.  His skin felt tight and his eyes burned.  “If . . . if you’re trying to find a way to say I’m a bad sub, you don’t have to come up with shit.  You can just say it.”  He yelped when Castiel grabbed him by the chin, wrenching his head around.
The vampire shuddered, dropping his head into his hands.  “It’s . . . it’s going to happen.  My . . . my sire threatened me with hunters.  Said he knew ones that would take my head off.  Just rip me apart.”  Sydney gasped, shaking atop the stool.  “He’s one of them,” he whispered.  “I can smell the blood on him.”
what he’d planned on happening.  At all.  Ever.  He moved slowly, pulling his hand away, glancing again at Gabriel as he did.  He looked horrified.  He propped his head up on the table with one hand, his face pale and jaw clenched.  Oh.
Benny shrugged.  “This ain’t my first rodeo, boy.”  He gestured again to the hole to his left.  “Can we get moving?”
“Hmm?”  Castiel was staring at his wrist, where seconds before Dean had held him.  He blinked rapidly and asked, “What am I signing?”
to look forward to the sex.  Clearly, he’d been broken so badly that Castiel didn’t even want to fuck him.  He tried to remind himself that Castiel didn’t want him rushing into things but it’d been over four weeks.  Wasn’t
Dean blushed and shrugged.  ”Lucky guess?”  He squawked when Castiel grabbed his injured shoulder, digging his thumb in.  ”Ow!  Fuck, you sadist!” he growled.  He jerked out of Castiel’s grip, pouting almost.  ”Jesus.  Goddamn asshole.”
He didn’t even care that this was all a lie.  That Castiel had never been truthful with him.  He was more than certain that Castiel as
idea,” Dean muttered.  He sat between Balthazar and Castiel, handcuffed again, in the back of a police lorry.
Dean made a small, pathetic wheezing sound before pitching forward, straight into Castiel, knocking them both into the door.  He yelped when his head struck the heavy wood and fumbled for Dean’s neck, desperate for a pulse.
“My God, Cassie.  You are a force of nature unto yourself,” he stated.  He leaned his elbow on the arm of his chair, resting his cheek against his fist.  “And now, you want
before a bullet whizzed past his head.  He dove for the floor, coming up and firing, hearing a bullet hit flesh before he was up and running.  He tackled Alastair to the floor, driving him away from where he had hovered over Dean.
Castiel narrowed his eyes, watching Dean flinch.  “Oh, I am?”  He lifted his head, sniffing once.  “Where did you go for two days, Dean?”
Dean smiled at that, and nodded.  “Sure, Cas.”  It was strange to flip so suddenly out of his submissive role and he stumbled down the short steps, blushing at the movements.  “Uh, anyway.  Yeah.”
Rubbing his forehead, Castiel nodded irritably.  “Yes, yes.  Anyway.  I’ll do the signing.  But you needn’t worry about being here.  It’s a small shop.  Not worth your time.”  If he was lucky, that was all he needed to do to keep Gabriel away.
"Shut up," Castiel muttered, annoyed.  He unlocked the cuffs, tossing them across the room.  "You … are such a pain in my ass, Dean."  He pulled his gun, checking the clip.  This had not been what he’d expected on this theft.  A simple bit of cat-and-mouse with his … er, favorite criminal.  That was all.  But … now it looked far more complicated than that.
“—shoot me in my other shoulder.  Yeah.  Heard you the first time.”  Dean took a deep swallow from his coffee and sighed, plunking himself down in the plush arm chairs in the hotel lobby.  He raised his eyebrows until Castiel did the same.  Once seated, he spoke.
Pam did her fake pout she liked and nudged him not-too-playfully.  “Oh, c’mon, Dean.  Fess up.  We’re all friends here.”  Her light eyes sharpened.  “Don’t you want your loyal friends to wish you well?”
He tucked himself away in one corner with a mug of hot chocolate this time, sinking into the soft cushions as he settled himself to wait for his nightly viewing.  Near to the window as he was, he listened to the rain drum down, hoping it'd quite before he’d have to bike home in it if it.
Dean chewed on his thumb, staring at the coffee table again.  Emboldened by Castiel’s willingness to listen, Dean’s mind drifted.  “So . . . if I want to do something specific, you’ll agree?”
"What makes you think he’ll stay?" Castiel asked, brow furrowed.  He glared at the candy bar wrapper on the floor, wanting to smack Dean.
Confused, Dean held out his right hand.  As soon as Castiel shoved at the layers around his wrist, all the dread that had been waning surged to the surface.  Standing out, even in the dim light, were the lines of red he’d etched into his skin over the last few days.
The lorry shuddered to a stop and Dean perked up, grinning.  ”Oh, darn!  We have a gunfight to get stuck in!”
He licked his lips.  “I couldn’t live with my family any longer.  They didn’t . . . approve of me.  Grovelock, it . . . it feels like home to me.”  Which was true.  He couldn’t go back.  Would never go back.  Howard’s wife, the hedge witch, had crafted him the mortal charm he was now toying with in his nervousness.  If he had been tainted before, surely they’d rip him apart if he dared cross the border of the forest.  In reality, the closest he’d be able to go would be the boundary of Dean’s cabin.  Any further and he risked death at his own clan’s hands.
He blinked, staring at the nothing.  A gasp punched from his chest and he swallowed hard.  He jumped when the door creaked open and nearly dropped the coffee Sam thrust into his hand.
“It’s all in the tease, my lad,” James explained, resting his wine glass against his lips.  “You know, the slow
"Now, get out of that one, ass," he muttered, after rinsing his hands of blood and grabbing his coat.  He hurried to the corner drug store, buying up gauze and ointments as well as a sewing kit.  He knew enough about field surgery to do something for Dean.  He’d still need a doctor and soon.  He’d have to put his ear to the ground and see if he couldn’t find one who’d keep silent.
He found Dean at the back of the store, fiddling with the James Bartlett display.  Castiel halted, barely a hand’s breadth from Dean and commented, “Perhaps a more minute display of his books?”
kind of spotlight in regards to his writing . . . okay, his life was boring.  But it was his life.  If he didn’t wish to do more than that, who was Balthazar to complain?  Castiel was happy, after all.
Taking both of Dean’s hands in his own, Castiel smiled warmly.  “Dean.  I think I can help you.  And I will help you.  But you must want that help.”
The idea was a heady one and Dean wanted to protest.  He started to, but caught the narrowing of Castiel’s eyes and bit his bottom lip instead.  Thankfully, he managed to keep his eyes on Castiel the entire time.  Taking a breath, he nodded.  “I want to, sir.  I want . . . to please you.”
ended up fucking.  Not that Dean was flirting.  Because he couldn’t be.  Why on earth would he do something silly like . . .
“Piss off, Sam,” Dean snapped.  He pushed up from the couch, heavy footsteps making the framed pictures rattle on the wall.  He collected his coat from the hallway closet, just as Jess poked a curious head out of the kitchen.
He hadn’t expected the laughter.  He lifted his flimsy shield’s edge, peeking at the man.  Though he was soaked through and clearly in some pain given his not-quite-straightened up stance, the man hadn’t stopped grinning at Castiel.  His green eyes danced in clear amusement.
To his slight horror, James let his blue eyes drag up and down Dean’s length, his lips quirking.  “Yes, as I’d assumed.”  He turned to Gabriel and sighed.  “Shall we,
Groaning, Castiel covered his face.  “What do you want?” he whined.  A better office?  More vacation?  Jesus.  Humiliating him wasn’t worth that, was it?
how he was going to hide this.  He glanced again at Dean as the other man flopped back, arms stretched over his head, face a mask of carefully controlled pain.
Dean clicked off and Castiel stared at his phone.  He whined lightly, searching again for another phone number and dialing the restaurant.  To his surprise, they had had a cancellation and could seat three at seven.  Thank God for small miracles.  Now came the tricky part.
Castiel’s humor faded and he chewed his lip.  Ideally, he should simply coax Dean in on some lie but the reality, honestly, was far worse.  He wouldn’t have been surprised to learn that Dean had
on “James” so it stood to reason that he’d have a response.  That way, he could also pretend he wasn’t so invested in time alone with Dean.  If he was lucky.  Besides, Balthazar’s presence would likely keep him from acting like too much of an idiot in front of such a handsome man.
"I can’t imagine what he’s getting at, Cas," Dean chirped.  His small smile shifted to a wolfish grin, eyes sharp.  "Your hotel furniture looks pretty damn sturdy."  He stood, back hunched in the cramped confines of the lorry, cuffed hands dangling.  "Hey, is that why you woke up so …
to know how you are.  How your day’s been.”  Castiel’s hand touched Dean’s shoulder briefly, the heat almost searing through Dean’s jacket.  “If you’d rather I didn’t, I will stop.”
Castiel pointed toward the dig site.  “You … possessed that?”  He could remember the pristine look of it.  The way it warmed in his hands.  He focused on Dean then.  “Let me get this straight:  you possessed the vase and waited for someone to … abscond with it so that you could do the same with their soul?”
His heart raced and he licked his lips.  “C-collar?” he managed.  He’d never gotten one before.  Always one step shy, it seemed.
Dean rolled onto his side, draping an arm over Castiel’s chest.  He nuzzled Castiel, licking his chest gently.  “I’m up for round two.”  The motions stopped as Dean stiffened.  He pulled away suddenly, his voice softer.  “You know . . . if you want.”
Castiel dropped his gaze to the middle of Dean’s chest, trying not to focus on the play of muscle under thin, dark fabric.  “He was alone for a long time, Dean.  Hard to think you’re not the problem when that happens.”
want to make but knew he had to if there was any hope of preserving his friendship with Castiel.  Starting the first of the year, he’d forget about anything more than platonic with Castiel.  The guy was his friend and would remain as such but the bedroom would be off-limits.  Time for him to get on with things.  Let go of what he couldn’t have.  Settle for what was reachable.
Each time, he met the eyes of the green-eyed officer, tried to smile invitingly but always managed to do something ridiculous instead, earning that warm, silky chuckle when he did.
His cousin shrugged and set his mug down, flipping the magazine in his hand.  “Could be right.  Maybe do a promo tour or something.  You’ve never done that, I don’t think.”  He eyed Castiel, brow furrowed.
He continued to stare, his lips just resting on his mug while the bearded fellow leaned over the counter, chatting with the barista, Amelia.  His partner rested against the wall opposite, sipping from his paper cup, eyes roving around the shop.
it might be.  He sighed again, glaring at the small screens in front of him, cup resting against his lips.  It didn’t take long for the perpetrator to show up.  Clad in dark clothing and carrying a small case that Castiel knew to be full of high-end electronics and every other
Startled by the answer, Castiel blurted, “Would you be interested in joining me for dinner?  A-as a welcome to town.  N-nothing special, really.”
Castiel plastered a smile on his face.  “Hm?”  He glanced behind Dean to see a warm, sunny blonde.  His heart sank.  Oh.  He’d been right after all.  Unfortunately.  Swallowing his dismay, he nodded rapidly.  “Oh!  Sure.  A few minutes, Dean.”  He winced when he caught Dean bending toward the blonde, his head bowed as she whispered to him.
Sam grinned as Dean stood up, putting his tools away.  “I stopped by at the Roadhouse and picked up lunch.  That okay?”  He snickered at Dean’s faint nod.  “Figured you’d forget.”
His cousin sighed, smiling faintly.  “I’m not angry with you, Cassie.  I just . . . I need a wee bit of time to understand what you’ve done.”  He took another, smaller sip.  “If I understand you, you went to visit this Dean Winchester, found him
Before Castiel could reply, his email dinged, thankfully pulling him away from the unfortunately true answer.  Gabriel, his publisher.  Probably wondering how the new book was coming.  He clicked on the email and felt his stomach drop as he read it.
“That sounded more like a question, but whatever.”  He chuckled.  “I’ll bring burgers.  You ain’t had a burger until you’ve had mine,” he teased.
He wriggled, trying to get out from under the man but he merely whined and slunk an arm under Castiel’s back, effectively trapping him.
He fidgeted, wary of the response.  He sent the address of his garage, saying nothing more.  Castiel replied in the affirmative and his phone went silent.  Maybe directing Castiel to his shop was a bad idea.  He’d for sure roll over, now.
Sydney flinched.  “I had to!  And it’s warded up the ass, Castiel!  He’s a hunter, I know it.  He’s just . . . he’s going to trick us.  He’s going to hurt everyone!”
“Um, five years.”  Dean glanced up, shaken to find himself the center of Castiel’s attention again.  He swallowed.  “I, uh, was given to him by my previous Dom, Azazel.”
“You should know the answer to that,” he retorted.  Why did it feel like he wasn’t playing with a full deck here?
Flicking his gaze up, he caught the fear and disgust in Castiel’s eyes.  Turned inward.  While comforting to know Castiel hated what he’d done, Dean still chafed from the action.  He had a right to be angry.  Even if he did understand
Still, he shied away from crossing that distance.  Too afraid or what, he didn’t really know.  Dean just wanted Castiel away from him.  He sounded so sincere.  So abjectly morose over what he did.  It unnerved Dean.  People in his life didn’t feel bad about the things they did to him.  So, he just needed to go away.  A bit more time away and Dean could straighten his head out.  Besides, wasn’t like the guy would do it.  He had to realize Dean’s true motive in such a ridiculous request.
The buzz sizzled down his nerves, settling at the small of his back.  “Cas?” he queried, distracted by the pleasant feeling.  That always happened when he met a man with virility.  His fairy nature reacted, drawn in by the strength and power.  Even tempered as it was by his banishment, the urge lay there in that brief touch.  Knowing Dean’s name had merely given it an avenue to follow.
Face flush with embarrassment, reluctantly taking his eyes from marked skin, Castiel couldn’t find the words to respond to Dean's compliment.  Never in his life had he been described in such a way.  A partner before had called him
"H-hello," Castiel stammered.  He took a step back, looking away.  "Apologies.  I wasn’t paying attention."
Dean could feel his legs trembling.  Adrenaline surging.  His stomach grew tight and he wanted to throw up.  He swallowed hard, looking into those kind, blue eyes.  “You said to say when things were good
annoyed that I turned your brain to mush with my dick?”  He nuzzled Castiel’s jaw and added, “Gotta admit, I’m pretty damn addicted to how responsive you are.”  Dean nipped the strip of skin he’d been caressing and sighed.  “I think I’ll keep ya.”
For two weeks, Castiel hustled around Kansas, setting up the new office and working directly with Gabriel on equipment and recruitment.  Strangely enough, his first two hires were Benny and Balthazar.  Castiel wasn’t sure if that meant he was being stalked or they were being punished.  But, it did help ease some of the stress by having two familiar faces on staff.
“I suppose you’ll simply have to prove that to me,” Castiel replied.  He hesitated before leaning up to kiss Dean on the cheek.  “Drive safe,” he murmured.
Castiel grinned.  Oh, he was going to enjoy this.  He pulled out his handcuffs, slapping one on Dean’s wrist and the other on his own.  “You’re under arrest.”
Castiel tilted his head, squinting.  “With Anna?  Not likely.  She’s a Domme much like myself.”  He still smiled though his gaze grew troubled.  “Dean?  Is everything all right?  You seem anxious.”
Granted, he had his own deception at hand with his visits as his true self, but that was hardly harmful, right?  Besides, Dean always seemed calmer when he left and openly pleased to see him.
different.  He was definitely going to have to drill Kevin on that.  No way he’d changed that much, right?
Immediately, panic welled up again and he lunged forward.  “Shit, Cas.  I’m calling you at work, aren’t I?”  He began to ramble off more apologies but Castiel’s warm voice halted him.
When silence met the comment, he focused on Castiel, startled.  The blue eyes were a shade darker now, unreadable and deep.  No, not unreadable.  But what Dean found there frightened him even as he couldn’t look away.
The other man cleared his throat.  “Uh, I’m Sam; Dean’s brother.  And I’ll be leaving now,” he added with a smirk.  He waved at Dean and grabbed his coat, saying loudly, “Remember, the alarm is still finicky so stay out of the vehicle bays.  Or don’t make sudden moves.  You know.  Moves?”  He snickered and wandered out, whistling to himself.
“God, you sound good,” Dean groaned, hips losing rhythm and growing erratic as the seconds slipped by.  “You feel even better,” he added.  Dean hunched down over Castiel and drove impossibly harder into him.  “I wanna hear you come, baby,” he hissed.
With a grunt, Castiel stood, wiping off his slacks as he did.  He held out a hand, helping Dean to his feet.  Still a bit of a blush to his cheeks.  Damn, that was hot.
Dirt exploded in front of the werewolf’s feet and the sound cracked through the air, overpowering the continued rainfall.  Trembling, the blast echoing painfully in his ears, Castiel stared up at Dean, wide-eyed.
Dean shrugged as he drove away from the house, the rumble of the Impala filling the car for a few blocks.  “Not too bad.  Wasn’t very busy.”  This had become another aspect of Castiel he didn’t understand.  His love of small talk.  Dean’s day wasn’t important.  He was here for Castiel; that was really all the guy should have cared about.
That now-familiar grin quickly shifted into something far hotter.  “You bet.  By the way, think maybe that assistant gig comes with perks?”
If Dean thought he’d been on edge for their first date together, it was nothing compared to the two weeks that followed.  Two weeks of steady dates.  Quiet nights.  Of
Castiel’s face must have burst into flame given how hot his skin felt.  It only burned hotter when Dean turned seemingly innocent eyes on his.
he admitted, running hand through his hair.  “Then why not just say I was your friend?”  So yes, he understood.  To an extent.  Given his own exposure to John’s homophobia, he could fathom why Castiel would lie.  But why the rejection?  Why the shut-out behavior?  It roiled still in Dean’s gut and he
With a sigh, he stood up and brushed off his jeans.  “Whatever you’re up to, Cas; hope it’s workin’ for you.”
Balthazar folded down a third finger.  ”Three.  Benny will take the two of you in the midst of the chaos in an unmarked police vehicle.  You both will be …
And sputtered coffee over the back of the neck of the technician in front of him when Dean Winchester, notorious thief, winked and blew him a kiss on screen.
Castiel yawned yet again.  ”Dean.  Shut up.  Do not speak to me again until the morning.”  He smiled serenely at Dean as he pulled his arm back and reached up to stroke his cheek, distantly aware that it was the same cheek
Dean glanced at Gabriel, surprised to see his eyes wide and face pale.  Clearing his throat, he pulled his hand away and shrugged, taking a step closer to Gabriel.  “Sort of.”
With Dean off the phone and Castiel thoroughly flummoxed, dinner turned into a great deal of questionable glances from Balthazar and general irritation on Castiel’s part.  Halfway through dessert, Balthazar confronted him.
“G-good different,” Dean admitted, licking his lips.  He felt a jolt in his chest when Castiel’s dark eyes followed the path of his tongue.  “Would . . . would it be bad if . . . I wanted to do that again?  Sometime?”
written spoke volumes more.  He had to wonder what other horrors Dean had seen and been pushed through.  How he’d managed to make it to his late thirties and still appear functional was a miracle.
“I promise not to deny this any longer,” Castiel murmured, his fingers strong and warm.  “Pleasure and relaxation suit you very much, Dean.”  He dropped his hand down, cupping Dean’s chin.
Careful of the food in his hands, he leaned up and kissed Dean softly.  “I’d like that . . . very much,” he murmured.
“Dean, why are you drunk in the middle of the week?” Castiel asked softly.  He touched Dean’s cheek, trilling low when the man leaned into his touch.  “How long has it been like this?”
The restaurant was a little Italian place, the interior smelling warmly of basil, tomato, and garlic.  Castiel’s stomach rumbled happily and he realized it’d been quite a while since he’d eaten anything.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”  He and Bobby weren’t close like family but still, Castiel figured he’d earned the gruff man’s trust at some point.
The man grinned again, this time in absolute warm relief.  “You freed me.  I’m not … I can’t be commanded anymore.”  He laughed, clapping his hands.  "Holy shit!  No wonder they never mentioned this!"  He stamped his feet like an excited child on Christmas.  "Suck it, Crowley," he barked in triumph.
He parked the Impala on the street and stared at the cheerily lit home.  It would be foolish for him to grow attached to this place, even with Castiel’s comments.  Because, as soon as Dean demanded more, Castiel would likely cut ties.  He’d see Dean as a lost cause.  Not worth the effort.  Not when he kept bringing up the same thing, again and again.
Distracted by green eyes and freckles, it took a second for the words to sink in.  Castiel blanched.  “Oh!  No, that’s . . . no.  You don’t need to do that.  I can . . . I’ll work on him.  He’ll . . . cave,” he finished lamely.
?  Castiel took a few steps, crossing into Dean’s personal space again.  He shuddered when the man stiffened, eyes wide.  Not willing to meet those familiar green eyes, he leaned in, kissing Dean once; the man’s lips trembling against his.  “I still love you,” he husked.  “And my door is always open, Dean,” he added softly, his heart breaking.  “You need only walk through.”
I might have gotten my mojo back with writing; hopefully.  We'll see.  Anyway, I hope this chapter was worth the wait!  I decided to add in Dean's POV after all given the hijinks that will soon take place.  :3
, “Cassie, go on break with your boy toy.  I can handle a quickie, yanno?”  He pointed a spoon at Castiel.  “Just try not to get arrested for public displays, okay?”
Castiel mumbled and blinked open bleary, blue eyes.  ”I’m already terribly uncomfortable,” he retorted.  ”I highly doubt a
Dean stabbed at his tray of food, bowed over his lap.  “‘cause we didn’t have money.  Sam needed money.”  He sighed, a heavy sound.  ”Not like I was doing anything worthwhile.  Found out I had an eye for schematics and had quick fingers.”  He shrugged, twirling noodles on his fork mindlessly.  ”Sam had to go to school.”
Reluctantly, he opened his eyes and felt his cock swell at the dark possession in Castiel’s gaze.  It almost frightened him how intense his pleasure was in that moment.  Castiel’s hand was nowhere near his dick and yet he felt more turned on than he had in years.  He licked his lips, shifting when those blue eyes followed the gesture.
Though, Dean didn’t want to think the guy was a druggie or anything.  He had a bit of a crush on Unit Four.  Dean didn’t see him that often lately; his own fault trying to get as many commendations as he could in order to boost his chances after taking the test for detective.  But still, he was sure the guy had a day job.  He should look as terrible as Dean felt.
Balthazar lifted his brows.  “You’re still sitting there?”  He snorted.  “Oh, yes.  I lifted your keys.  Woops.”  He tossed them at Castiel who caught them on reflex.  “Do
Dean snickered and moved, sitting in Castiel’s naked lap, looking all the world like a contended cat.  “Promise?” he purred, rocking his hips.
Balthazar shrugged.  “I will take that as a compliment.”  He shooed at Castiel.  “Lunch is on me.  Now, go.  You have a thief to plow.”
He never knew how the American had managed to climb so high in the ranks of international police but he was thankful for the man’s rough honesty.  He would do anything for Bobby and likely Assistant Director Singer knew it.  He was also the only one in Interpol who believed Castiel could bring Dean in on his own; something he was very adamant about.  Not that he was opposed to sharing a collar with anyone but … well … it was Dean.  Dean was
Castiel, stunned by the display, waited until Dean’s car was out of sight before shutting the door gently.
he knew it to be.  Jaw firming, he snatched it up.  He should burn it.  Bury it.  Destroy it.  Rid the world of this nasty object that had meant death to so many.  He fumbled with it as he leaned toward the cigarette lighter, the notebook flopping open on the seat beside him.  As the lighter warmed, he looked over, catching the name “
could end it right now.  Put a stop to the confusion and back and forth.  The frustration.  He could walk away and maybe slip back into the BDSM world.  Find a new Dom.  Or a Domme.  He’d not gone that route yet.  He could find someone who’d use him and maybe humiliate him like Michael had.  The way he’d earned.  The way he'd always deserved.  So easily done.  It wasn’t like he hadn’t given others the brush off since Michael.  He'd been approached twice before but he'd shied away, knowing what a disaster he was.  Be just like old times.  All he had to do was say the word and it’d be all over and he’d be back to where he’d started.  He’d say goodbye to the man with the gorgeous eyes and beautiful voice.  To the soft touches.  The gentle words.  The way his stomach flipped pleasantly when Castiel squinted at him.  The smell of his cologne.
“Yeah, I know,” he husked, glancing toward Benny.  “Just … I ain’t worth that.”  He swallowed audibly.  “And for what it’s worth, I’m real sorry, Cas.”
The man blinked, jaw tightening.  After a moment, he shrugged.  “Guess so,” he answered, voice low and quiet.  He coughed.  “I . . . uh, bought the auto place,” he added, motioning with a thumb over a shoulder.
Despite his tension and general confusion, the lull of the Impala’s engine finally began to get to Dean.  His shoulders eased and he leaned back in his seat, sinking into the interior.  After a bit more, it was nothing more than the rumble of the road the grasses flashing by.  They drove for another half hour before he found what he was looking for.  A small hill, overlooking farmland.  He pulled off the road, the gravel and dirt crunching under the Impala’s wheels.
Castiel nodded.  “Of course.”  He snatched Dean’s wrist before the man could draw away, ignoring the burst of irritation in his hand as he did.  “You can tell me if something’s wrong; you know that, right?”  Truthfully, he wanted Dean to come clean with the scene from the night before.  He'd never seen a man so lost.
He did clear his throat then, rubbing his sleep-mussed hair as he crossed into the brightly lit kitchen.  "Sorry,“ he muttered.
more than the sex?  He’d yet to get any sort of acknowledgment from fans in that arena.  Professional reviewers would comment as such but most readers just gushed about the smut that filled the pages.
Dean followed Sam into the living room, stumbling to a halt when his brother stopped just outside the entryway.  He peered at the other man, surprised to see that Sam looked concerned.  Like a kid about to admit to breaking a window.
Other than the massage, Castiel hadn’t really even touched him yet.  Just that deep, sultry voice.  The firm commands.  It scared him how badly he wanted more of it.
to mark the window meant Dean knew more about his kind than he’d originally thought.  Though, he didn’t seem threatening.  If anything, the house’s odd aura felt like defense.  Protection.
“I think you are an ill man who is confused,” Castiel remarked.  He patted his shoulder.  “There’s an A&E on the way to my hotel; I can drop you off.”
This is in response to a series of AU prompts floating around Tumblr in which "Person A smacks Person B with an umbrella."
him.  He wanted Dean to see that.  Castiel would not harm him.  Would only love him the way he deserved and needed.
Dean’s eyebrows rose and he chuckled.  “All right then.”  He turned to look at the window.  “Just, hit it with a rock or something.  Probably hurts, doesn’t it?”
“I prefer eccentric,” Castiel protested.  He coughed at Dean’s squint.  “And . . . possibly perverted.”
Dean winced at the thought and sat up, reluctantly awake.  He didn’t like thinking about Sam.  About that wound he’d created through selfishness.  The same wound that had pushed him to cut himself off from Castiel.  Until Castiel practically broke down his door.
Lifting a brow, Castiel reached over and patted the cub’s head, earning a purring, popping yowl as it plunked itself down and rolled onto its side.
Dean’s hand remained warm and strong against Castiel’s jaw.  The other man lifted his chin, grin wicked and sweet.  “Cas, unless
Castiel’s voice thickened in his ear.  “If you believe I abhor that noise, you are sadly mistaken.”  He pressed his thumbs deeper into Dean’s sides, drawing out that sound again.  “Ah, see?  Beautiful.  Such lovely sounds.”  He slid a hand along Dean’s spine, fingertips dancing.  “Much like the man who makes them.”
Sam stabbed at his salad.  “Yeah.  Fine.  You’re going to say that shit to me and stew about some dumb thing or another instead of talking to me.”  He shook his head, glaring as he crunched a crouton.  “One of these days, Dean, you need to let someone in.  Stop shoving us all away.”
Castiel coughed into his mug, looking away quickly, his face afire.  Figuring his work finished for the night, he hastily grabbed his work, stuffing them into his shoulderbag.  By the time he’d gathered everything, both officers were gone and he tiptoed to the front counter, depositing his half-filled mug.
“When one is wounded,” Castiel murmured, the tip of his tongue dragging slow against the longest of the marks, “it is often best to replace the fear and injury with . . . a more pleasant experience.”  He tugged on Dean’s arm, drawing him closer.
and slid the pie inside.  “It’ll be a good end to the night, I think,” he added, not quite looking at Dean.  He jumped a second time when Dean handed him his wine glass.  “Th-thank you,” he responded, sipping at it.
Dean swallowed, opening his eyes to meet Castiel’s.  Still pale and broken.  Clearly fatigued and even frightened.  But determined.  ”Yes,” he stated, as though daring Castiel to say otherwise.
Again, the patient smile.  “If I’m to be your Dom, you must trust me.  You must speak up whenever you’re uncomfortable.  Whenever you’re happy.  I need to know the good and the bad.  If I do anything to hurt you, even if it’s nothing more than a careless word, you need to say something.”
It almost sounded as though Castiel spoke to a child but for the first time, Dean took some comfort from it.  He smiled weakly and shook his head.  “Naw.  I’m . . . I’m good.  I swear.”  He reached for his billfold but halted when Castiel clucked his tongue.
Twisting his head, he laid his cheek on the couch and rolled an eye up toward Dean.  The other man grinned at him, face red and damp with sweat as he thrust in and out of Castiel.  He bit his lip, fingers scraping Castiel’s sides as he upped his speed, punching the air out of Castiel with each snap of his hips.
Biting his lip, he reached for the lube and started anew, fingertips resting on the image of the other man's dick as he tugged and yanked his own, coming a second time.  Not as intense as before but not less toe-curling.  He shut off the phone and stood up from the bed.  Legs shaky, he scurried to the bathroom, scrubbing come from his stomach and readying himself for bed.
Castiel Novak.  All pretty blue eyes and firm jaw.  Gruff voice and tone body.  Employer of the unnerving-stare-into-your-soul-and-find-all-the-faults-but-hey-I’m-pretty-doing-it eye contact.  Whip smart and direct.  So literal that, initially, Dean thought the man figured humor to be a foreign language.
Abashed, Castiel shrugged and looked away, regretting opening his mouth.  Dean’s hands had moved north, holding his shoulders now.  Why’d he say anything?  He should have just enjoyed Dean’s presence and let the man go like he would eventually.
been looking forward to a leisurely return to South Dakota.  Instead, he had a fire under his ass from worry.  Eyes shut, he shifted through the message from earlier that day, firmly lodged in his memory.
Which clearly called for shots and a bottle of spendy champagne.  And several other liquid refreshments.  And possibly half the bar’s tap line.  But, seriously.  He’s going to be an uncle, Sam’s going to be a dad.  If he didn’t throw an insane impromptu celebration at his favorite watering hole, he’s a failure as a big brother.  So if he wakes up wanting to die, it’s worth it to celebrate the newest Winchester.  At this point, he could be hit by a bus and it would barely break his stride.
weird, he’ll take Sam out.  He … he might be lying but … it’s my brother.  I can’t …”  He shrank in on himself a bit.  ”I can’t risk Sam, okay?  I mean … shit.  I  haven’t seen him in so long because I was afraid this would happen.”
, had been carved out of rich, stained wood, nicely engraved.  The storefront wasn’t garish either; dark wood framing and clean, wide windows where books waited on simple shelves, facing the street.  It sat next to a small coffee shop on the corner and red and white flag banner emblazoned with
” Benny interrupted.  “Can ya’ll get a move on?  I don’t want to be down here much longer.”  He pointed with his flashlight to a short ladder to their left.  “And be quiet; guard post is up there.”
Castiel tilted his head, confused at the fear and disgust that seemed to spill from Dean in that instance.  “It happened late last night, Dean.  I wasn’t about to call you to inform you that I made an error in judgment.”  He reached up with his other, still-gloved hand and stroked Dean’s jaw.  “I’m fine.  It’s not permanent.”  He smiled.  “In fact, I wouldn’t be surprised if it cleared up by our date tonight.”
”  He flipped pages.  “After a while, I felt like his damn PR firm so I started taking names.  I have like two hundred signatures of people who want to meet him.”  He shrugged.  “Might not be John Grisham numbers but he has a following.”
Castiel sagged, breathing out in relief.  He felt two hands on his throat, gentle and warm.  He blinked, finding Dean’s green eyes watching him.
Dean shook his head and leaned forward, elbows on the desk, forehead in his hands.  “It was shitty, yeah,” he began.  “But . . . not worse than Michael.”  He peered up at Castiel.  “You actually sound sorry.  He never did.”
”  It had always unnerved him, left him stressed and humiliated at times.  But it was what Michael had wanted and when Dean didn’t follow, the results could be fairly ugly.  Even after all those
Though his stomach had twisted itself into knots, Dean drove to the store the following Saturday, his palms wet and his heart racing.  He just needed to be put in his place.  He’d acted out against Michael and walked.  And then his reaction to Castiel had been just as poor and stupid.  If Castiel could correct him, make him a good sub again, maybe he’d find another Dom and fill that hole in his life.
Tossing his wrapper in the bin near his desk, he grunted and rolled his eyes.  “Can we quit now?  You’ve spilled your feelings, Samantha; let’s move on.”
They rode the tube to Waterloo station, Dean fidgeting and rubbing his arm the entire way.  Castiel didn’t understand the agitation beyond the general sense of obligation this man demanded.  This Alastair was unknown to him as an Interpol agent.  Castiel himself would be a non-entity.  Besides, he’d stay out of sight, the small set of binoculars in his pocket his only available method of keeping Dean in sight.
Castiel clapped a hand over his mouth when he squeaked in surprise at Dean’s comment, eyes darting around the store.  He only reddened further when Dean let out a deep belly laugh at his reaction.  “Very funny,” he muttered, smiling faintly.  “You’re horrible, you know?”
Castiel smiled.  ”Your brother came with me after you called.  Sam is driving it back to the house, and then he’ll head home.  Your
Castiel shook his head, leaning against Dean’s shoulder.  ”Not even.”  He sighed deeply and held out a hand.  ”My name’s Castiel Novak.”
Dean did snicker then, the sound fading quickly when Castiel flinched.  “You think he’s got a bit of blue balls, huh?” he cooed.  He watched Castiel’s hands drop, the man squinting at him.  He shrugged.  “Yeah, I can see that.  Bad sex and all that.  Get your kinks out.  Get your
Castiel could feel the vampire’s anxiety rise, a ribbon of ugly heat that choked his throat.  “Sydney,” he urged.  “Calm down.  Dean isn’t going to hurt
Close to ten, Dean’s phone beeped and he grunted, reaching over to grab it.  From his vantage point, Castiel could read the text message clearly.
Still carding his fingers through Dean’s hair, Castiel had to smile at that.  “Dean,” he breathed, “I’m a police officer.  This is my
want sex.  He didn’t necessarily want to confront Dean in public but at the same time, had the suspicion that he likely wouldn’t get far with the man in private.
When silence met the remark, he looked over, just making out Dean’s expression in the dark.  Hurt.  The man actually looked hurt?  Confused, Castiel blinked rapidly.  “Dean?”
.  He looked forward to the nights out with Castiel but couldn’t ignore the craving that simmered under his skin.  The way his nerves frayed with each passing day.  He managed to get his work done, not be distracted, but if he dared to call Castiel during the day, inevitably, he ended up hard and uncomfortable, forced to squeeze one out before risking the outside world.  He didn’t want to admit it, but maybe Michael really was right.  Maybe Dean was just beyond hopeless.
Dean covered his face with both hands.  “Cas . . . you saw the werewolf, right?”  He dropped his hands, looking haggard.  “They’ll keep coming for me.  You know how much of an ego boost it’d be for these dumbfucks to kill
knew who or what he was.  Well, the citizens of Grovelock appeared to know he was a hunter, or at least suspected.  But no one confronted him.  They were content to leave well enough alone, something Dean could appreciate.  He could slip away into obscurity, remembered by no one and forgotten by everyone.
Dinner passed slow and peaceful, a quiet night in Castiel’s home with the rain pattering slow and steady outside.  The grill had been cleaned and tucked away, the dishes a careful pile in the sink.  On the couch, the television low, Castiel curled into Dean’s side, savoring the warm, strong presence of the man beside him.
for nearly a week.  Instead of the aborted gag gift for Sam, he’d opted for an expensive bottle of whiskey, all the while remembering the soft scrape of leather and the hushed words in his ears.  Even that brief moment had been enough to bring back the worst of what Michael had done to him.  He’d leave leather cuffs on him, too tight, for days at a time until his skin rubbed raw.  That night, at Sam’s party, he’d scratched at his wrists, remembering the ache.  Had to excuse himself to the restroom twice, his face pale and damp with sweat.
“It’s lovely, Dean,” Castiel replied.  He followed Dean quietly into the kitchen and set the cake down.  He turned then and took one of Dean’s hands, lacing their fingers together.  “If you are unsettled by my being in your home, you need only tell me.  I don’t wish to make you uneasy.”
of enjoying someone else’s delight.”  He smiled.  “Dean, I’m a Dom because I enjoy the control I take.  I also take immense pleasure and satisfaction in encouraging my sub’s arousal.  Why would I force discomfort on you for my own needs if it wasn’t something you enjoyed?”  He was frowning again, but clearly not at Dean; seemingly more for the situation.  “Was this a common technique of theirs?  To take what they wanted whether or not it was freely given?”
“I . . . I went to the store.  The book store?  Where the skeevy owner was supposed to be.”  He began to pace, still wringing his hands.  “Only, he
to fuck me on the concrete but . . .” he cackled when Castiel grabbed his arm and yanked him out the front door.  “Mm, I like it when you manhandle me, Agent Novak.”
Castiel shrugged.  ”Perhaps.  But I need to bring you in alive, not full of holes.  Therefore, I’m merely insuring my job is done with fewer complications in the future.”
Dean eyed him for a moment before digging into the food.  Around a mouthful of noodles and peanut sauce, he muttered, “Wasn’t trying to make you look bad, Cas.  Just … can’t be caught.”
“Sorry, Gabe,” Dean purred, pulling open the back door of the truck and walking in with the same amount of confidence that had sucked Castiel in so long ago.  He curled an arm around Castiel’s waist and continued.  “Thing is, what I want with Cas ain’t gonna be quick.”
“Like I said,” Dean replied, all smug charm, “I get my food for free now.”  He leaned in and rumbled, “I’ll be sure to pay you back under the sheets, hm?”
"You’re such a shit,“ he muttered into the man’s shoulder, breathing in the scent of coffee and wildflowers.  Beginning of winter and the guy smelled like a damn meadow.  Who the fuck smelled like a field on the reg?
“Um, I spoke with James.  If you’d like, he can meet for dinner tonight?”  He’d have to hurriedly call Balthazar after this, however.  He doubted his cousin would be happy but if he promised to pay and to take the three of them to
Castiel looped his arm in Dean’s and nodded, still smiling.  “As I thought.  Because of that, I will never tell you what to wear unless you ask me for my opinion.”  He squeezed Dean’s arm as he pulled open the restaurant’s door.  “You are not a doll to me, Dean.  You have opinions and feelings and I intend to respect that.”  He halted again as Dean followed him in.  Dropping his voice, he added, “Only if you are comfortable with public subbing would I ask it of you.  Never feel pressure to behave in a way that you’re uneasy with.”
He set the rest of his sandwich down and wiped his mouth.  “Sorry.  My schedule’s been a bit . . . odd,” he admitted.  He still carried that damn note from Bobby in his pocket, too.  Once or twice a day he’d pull it out and look at it, considering his options.  He could either track down Sam – stupidly easy to do – or search for this plot of land he had only a glance at.  Or he could do nothing.  Nothing worked.  That was even easier than finding Sam.
you to touch me.”  When nothing came of his outburst, he looked up hesitantly, surprised to see guilt on Castiel’s face.
Blushing, Castiel murmured a faint ‘thank you.’  “But, Dean, I’m no one special.  James Is really the one you should spend this time with.”  Much as it killed him to admit.  To think, if he’d only had the courage to stay as
“M’kay,” Castiel sighed, looking a bit wobbly.  He jolted upright quickly and nodded.  “Er, yes.  Of course.”  He smiled faintly.  “Th-thank you, Dean.”
wanted, he wasn’t much of a Dom.”  He sat back abruptly and rubbed a finger against his lips.  “I see now why you were triggered so badly.”
Another week passed before he saw the man again.  A few of his customers had mentioned something about a stranger in town but no one knew where he lived or what he was doing there.  All they really remembered was his car, the black classic that rumbled down the quiet streets.
He nodded.  “Oh, yeah.”  He eyed the cuffs nervously.  He had to keep reminding himself that it was a good way to annoy Sam.  Give him some cuffs or even a collar.  Hell, Dean was always teasing him about his damn puppy-dog face.  Jess would probably get a kick out of it; not that he wanted to think of his sister-in-law-to-be using the damn things.  Still, he couldn’t help staring at the coils of leather like a snake about to strike.
Balthazar looked unhappy at the admittance but nodded.  “I thought as much.”  He sighed.  “Cassie, I think this is a terrible, horrible idea and it will end
The small talk they’d missed out on the night before turned into Castiel’s revelation of being an only child but that he’d amassed a startling array of surrogate family members, such as Anna who worked for him.  He’d experienced being a sub once in his life, in college (much like Dean) but had preferred the other end of the spectrum.  To the point that both he and Anna traded monthly classes for instruction of Doms.
Swallowing the groan, he shifted his basket, pinching the bridge of his nose.  He barely knew Dean.  Certainly had
mattered most.  And Castiel would defend that with his life, if he had to.  The town would grow to understand Dean; it had to.  The man wasn’t a threat.  He was . . . just a man.
The man stopped for a second but moved again quickly.  “Go home, Cas,” he barked.  He yanked open the Impala’s door, wobbling a bit as he did.  He tossed the bag inside and slammed it shut.  “You made your point.”  He peered through the rain, hair plastered to his head.  “Your car’s in the way.”
Dean’s life wasn’t anything complicated; at least, not in the traditional sense.  Sure, hunting had done him a nasty turn a time or two; going to Hell being somewhere top on that list.  And then, most recently with Sam.  A topic he tried
Just . . . Commuter Angel was a bit different.  Dean didn’t know why, he just was.  Dean would listen to him murmur about work – accountant – and how much he hated it.  How crazy his coworkers were.  How he wanted to quit and be a writer.  In turn, Commuter Angel would listen to Dean bitch about his asshole boss, Zachariah, and how marketing was a soulless, emotionless void of horror.  Or, that it sucked.
“Do you think me angry for that, my pet?”  He rubbed Dean’s neck, cooing softly.  “My touch excites you.  This pleases me.”  He kissed the shell of Dean’s ear, nuzzling him.  “That I can arouse you so quickly with only my hands is . . .
Castiel took a breath, lifting his head slightly.  He peered at Dean from the corner of his eye.  “You don’t trust me just yet, Dean.  Which I expect.  As such, you’re not about to tell me
Castiel chuckled and shook his head.  He squatted down again, setting aside his mug.  “Your hands are like ice.”  He tugged on one of Dean’s hands, covering it with both of his and rubbed it briskly.  He smiled at Dean.  “Least I can do for being such a poor neighbor.”
He grabbed Sydney’s wrist, halting the young man.  He said the first thing that came to mind.  “How is he?”
Dean blinked and then snorted, rolling his eyes.  “Yeah, all right.  Got it.”  He smiled.  He glanced around and inclined his head to the waking town.  “You okay with macking on me in public like that?”
Dean scrunched up his face.  That . . . what?  “Uh, you sure about that?  He seemed pretty damn confident to me.”
And as the days grew shorter, it became harder to come up with reasons.  His driveway light wasn't exactly the brightest so the Imapala was a pretty poor excuse.  He sure as hell wasn't going to attempt any home improvement work when he could barely see.  So, like a creeper, he’d just plunk himself in the chair in front of his window and pretend to read, waiting for his Jogger Crush to pass by.  If he bothered to think on it, he'd have to admit it was pretty damn one-sided and ridiculous on his part.  It wasn’t like the guy waved or anything.  Though, Dean thought for sure he caught the man looking.  But really, other than stare like a pervert, Dean hadn’t done shit.
Dean’s laughter when he launched himself at the man, knocking them both to the ground, was worth the bruised knee and gravel in his palms.  Especially when he could kiss those lips again.
Well, some part of him did.  Hard to tell if it was his submissive side or his actual self.  Maybe with another day, he’d have a better idea?  He glanced around his office, aware that Castiel now peered at him curiously.
Dean cursed as he got out of the Impala, the door slamming shut behind him.  He didn’t look around, though, so clearly Castiel’s presence hadn’t left a mark anywhere.  He halted at the front door, key in the lock, head tilted.  Whatever caught his attention passed, however, and Dean slipped inside, flipping on the porch light as he did.
He knocked, calling out to Dean but the music didn’t dim and he could hear a loud clank now and again.  The front office of the shop sat quiet and empty, old magazines on the low end table and a water cooler occasionally burping in the corner.  Castiel’s shoes tapped quietly on the linoleum as he moved to the back.  He pushed open the door to the service bays and found Dean, bent over an old, blue dented late-model car.  He was half under its hood and with the music cranked, Castiel worried about startling the man.  Thankfully, Dean shifted back and away from the hood, turning to see Castiel.
Castiel pondered that.  Without Alastair creating trouble for him and his brother, Dean was free in more than one way.  The funds he’d collected over the years could finally go to that plot of land he’d talked about.  Though, Castiel wondered if Dean even knew.  He said as much to Bobby.
Castiel chuckled warmly, his body hard and hot against Dean’s side.  “I see that you like the idea.”  He leaned back, brushing his knuckles against Dean’s jaw.  “It would be my
Angry now, Castiel stepped forward and struck Dean across the face, his palm stinging.  His heart thundered in his ears and he swallowed rapidly, nervous and frustrated.  “Do
to be tamed by the quiet bookkeeper he’s been sent to arrest.”  He winked, this time at Gabriel, and sipped from his wine.  “Just a thought.”
Barriers up, Dean scoffed.  “Let you in?  After this stunt?”  He recognized hurt in Sam’s eyes but like the fool he often proved to be, Dean railroaded forward.  “You’re lucky I’m even still talking to you, Sammy.”
He pushed up from the couch, stomach still buzzing from the man’s words, and shuffled to the door.  He didn’t bother to change, knowing full well this was what Dean had described; merely a dinner to go over the particulars of Balthazar’s – er, Castiel’s – dammit!
Fingers in his hair again.  It seemed Castiel enjoyed this more than Dean did.  His blunt nails scratched pleasantly against his scalp and Dean was damn certain one day he really
You feel . . . better than . . . I imagined.”  He reached back with one hand and gripped Castiel’s wrist, short nails biting in.  “H-harder.  Come on!  I . . . want to
Nodding rapidly and regretting it the moment the pavement starts to swirl, Dean continues on.  "Oh, yiss.  Like . . .
Dean.  A great deal.  And he certainly didn’t want to hurt the man.  Admitting the truth would likely do that.  Which meant no clean way out of this.  Maybe, if he showed up looking like a mess, Dean would be less interested?  Well, less interested in Gabriel.  Which was him.  Sort of.
, he was fairly certain he could persuade the other man.  No better bribe than expensive Italian and top-quality bar drinks.
He blinked at the hand in his face.  He took it gingerly, shaking it once, more out of habit than understanding.
“I know,” he whispered.  He covered his face with both hands and sighed.  “Oh, when I screw up I do manage it so spectacularly.”  He smiled ruefully, eyes shining with unshed tears.  “I had wanted to keep him from taking you away from me and I feel that I have sent you off just as quickly.”
He began to shift out of his dirt when he heard another sound.  Footsteps running up the drive.  And
late for work?”  Still didn’t explain why Castiel felt a need to apologize.  Gabriel was the asshole, not Castiel.
to.  That night with Dean had been all he’d wanted and more.  He craved it.  He’d heard of his kind bonding so completely with another that their souls entwined.  Poetic, of course, but not less real.  He
In a near trance, Dean scooted over, hip to hip now with Castiel.  He still hadn’t torn his eyes from Castiel’s.  Swimming in pleasure, even from so brief a touch, Dean grunted and blinked when Castiel tapped his nose.
Castiel frowned at Dean but hid a smile all the same.  Perhaps it was too late for some things.  And perfect timing for others.
Dean glared at him.  “Seriously?” he barked.  He took another look at Castiel and pillowed his arms on the window frame, dropping his forehead down.  His voice was muffled as he snapped, “Goddammit!  Now it’s a naked, glowing
Dean was a bit less stressed but no less despondent by the time he met Castiel for their date.  Charlie’s talk about Castiel being
His eyes narrowed.  Only people close to Bobby Singer knew about his love of that ridiculous Spanish soap opera.  While it assuaged his suspicions of Benny, it only increased them for Dean.  “You know Singer personally, don’t you?”
Scrambling from the bed, Dean ran both hands through his hair.  “Stop joking around!  Dammit, Cas.  I don’t want you getting hurt!” he barked.  “You stay with me?  That’s exactly what’ll happen.  Or you’ll die.”  He dropped his hands, looking away.  “Everyone around me dies.”
how he wanted it.  He could easily sell and move on to bigger and better, but again.  Too much damn stress.  He’d done his share of that while young and living out of a car with his dad and brother.
Still not removing his hands from his face, Castiel mumbled, “You were a fan of . . . his, though.  I’m sure this is disappointing to find out.”  He dropped his hands when his drink arrived and nudged the glass.  “He’s not at all what you would have liked.”
A second pair of blues squinted at him.  With an imperious sniff, he stated, “Dean.  I don’t believe you have a say.  Sierra lives here now.”
Strangely, Dean chuckled.  “Well, that’s a first.  You’re not trying to rip my throat out or something.”  He’d propped his elbow on the open window frame, cheek cradled in his hand.  “So, Fireball; what the hell do you want with me?”
Dean didn’t look up, just held his own wrist, staring at the open leather band on the floor near his knee.  He’d fucked up again.  He usually did around Doms.  This was just one fucking hell of a record at this point.  He let go of his wrist and rubbed his forehead with his other hand, fingers still trembling.
“Fuck him,” Dean snapped.  He glared at Castiel.  “Cas, that guy was a Grade-A dick.”  He straightened up from his lean against the counter and slid an arm around Castiel’s back.  The glare faded, turning into a dark, hot leer.  “The idea that
For a moment, he thought Dean might.  But the man’s tension ratcheted up and he snorted, turning away.  “Look, it was fun so we’ll just leave it at that, all right?”  He smirked at Castiel over his shoulder.  “You were a good lay; that was all.”
He cleared his throat.  ”I’ll, uh, head into town for some cold crap.  Like, lozenges and shit.”  He waved at his own throat awkwardly.  ”Help with the, uh, throat thing.  And stuff.”
he thought, his mind breaking apart as pleasure surged through his blood and bones.  His body throbbed at the invasion, Dean’s cock a searing spike of torment.
Castiel squinted at Dean, surprised by the heat in his voice.  “Benny, please; show us where we need to go,” he murmured, still watching Dean.
followed by a photo of his own leaking, erect cock, the black tattoo on his right wrist in full view.
So he did.  He wailed, Dean’s cock hitting every sparking nerve inside him, sending any concept of thought or worry or dread straight out and replacing it with only deep, primal urges and the demand of
Sorrow.  Dean’s green eyes were so dark, they appeared black.  But . . . relief, as well.  It’s truly what he wanted.  For Castiel to walk away.  To leave him to his . . . stupidity.
Dean rubbed his hands together, pressing them close to the heater vents.  ”So, Cas; do I still need to keep coming here drinking their shitty coffee or can we finally move on to Step Two?”
had a lover bothered to rim him.  He rocked into Dean’s grip, the man’s tongue jabbing at his vulnerable body.  God, it felt
publisher.”  He reached over and patted Dean’s shoulder, dragging his fingers down his arm as he did.  “And just think, Dean; we’ll be seeing
Bright and early, jittery from coffee, Castiel dialed Gabriel’s office.  Before the man even had a chance to say hello, Castiel blurted, “
Squatting down by his display, Dean rubbed his forehead.  “Doesn’t feel that way,” he remarked.  No, hard to think a guy wants you when he refuses to talk to you.  Or explain anything.  Granted, Dean was just as warped in this whole thing.  Castiel had
exactly.  Fairies were unnaturally strong even in their tiny size but he doubted a heavy oak door would have much give.  He slumped down in his earthen hideaway, brow furrowed.  Was there a basement to the cabin?  Maybe he’d overlooked another way in.
Ignoring the flare of pain in his head, Castiel jerked to left, hard, mouth open.  He snagged two of Alastair’s fingers, biting down.  Alastair howled in pain and Castiel spit out blood and flesh.  He gagged, scrambling to his feet, wiping at his mouth.  “You dare … to touch him again … I’ll
Appetite gone, he focused on his wine, letting the alcohol warm his blood.  Well, not like he needed to really think long and hard on it.  Wasn’t worth the trouble, really.  Dean didn’t have it in him to be anyone’s “long-term.”  A bit of fun, sure, but nothing to write home about.
Dean regretted.  Neither of them had been drunk and neither had been pressured.  If anything, Dean had seemed extremely care with Castiel, wanting to be certain he
Confused, Dean shook his head.  “No!  I mean . . . fuck, man.  Look, I’ve . . . dude, I’m kind of . . .”he waved his hand weakly in the air.  “I’m kind of obsessed with you, okay?  You’re . . . you’re the only agent who was ever actually decent to me – ‘sides Bobby – and . . . you’re hot.”  He shrugged, his cheeks growing brighter by the second.  “So, yeah.  I kissed you because I wanted to.”
Castiel fed him the piece of cake, swiping leftover frosting from Dean’s lips as he did.  He licked his thumb, eyeing Dean with pride.  “Now then, pet,” he began, turning back to the dessert and breaking off another chunk, “what, pray tell, should we do with the rest of our afternoon?”
Eyeing his soup critically, Castiel took a spoonful and swallowed.  He licked his lips and smiled.  ”Oh, that does taste wonderful.”  He looked up at Dean, practically beaming.  ”Thank you, Dean.”
in his life remained uncomplicated these days.  He wondered if he’d go prematurely gray following this case.  ”So, our only recourse at the moment is this theft?”
Sam clicked off and Dean stuffed his phone and wallet in his pockets, grabbing his leather jacket from the back of the couch.  He slipped out the front door of the house and trotted to the Impala, sliding inside.  The drive to the restaurant was pleasant and quick and he made it there ten minutes before seven.  Thankfully, Gabriel – and a man he assumed to be James – were just walking up to the front doors.
The question confused Dean.  He frowned, his heart calming some.  “I . . . don’t understand,” he said finally.
Flabbergasted, Castiel flopped down cross-legged.  It made so little sense.  Not only did Dean seem to know what a fairy was, he also didn’t care.  Showed no real reaction to Castiel’s presence other than an annoyed form of boredom.
“Had stuff on my mind,” Dean supplied in a mutter.  He shrugged into his jacket.  “Fine.  I got a date.  You happy?”
“Are you seriously down-selling your own writer?”  Dean chuckled.  “What, does the guy have three assholes or something?”  Dean shook his head, turning back to the front counter.  He slipped behind it and pulled out a small notepad, sliding it across to Castiel.  “Every week, I get someone asking about him.
Rather than be surprised, Dean only nodded in defeat, looking away.  “Exactly,” he bit out.  Hands on his hips, his jaw worked for a few seconds before he spoke again.  “I’m poison, Cas.  I shouldn’t . . . I never should have even
Castiel shivered, pulling his hand away carefully.  “Dean, I want you, too.  You know that.”  He kissed Dean’s forehead, skin searing hot under his lips.  “But you’re very drunk right now.  I think you should sleep.”
but he garbles out what he thinks is thanks but could have been the morning's weather report for how well that last brain cell is firing.
Castiel grinned in relief, nearly falling into the chair beside Dean.  He glanced over at the man, finding a stunned expression on Dean’s face.
Wringing his hands now, his pacing quickening, he swallowed visibly.  “It grew worse as I grew older.  I didn’t want to do what he did.  He thinks I’ve finished schooling and have my doctorate.  He
he thought with more than a little affection.  Snickering, he settled back, hoping he hid well the sudden thundering of his heart at the former angel’s words.
“You let me out of the vase the moment your want manifested.  But instead of keeping it, you gave it away and severed my connection to it.”  The man’s eyes went dark.  His humor suddenly faded.  “You … you released me.”
I like guys.  It was, um, it’s very nice junk.  Not like I’m comparing it to anyone’s junk.  It was very comfortable to hit.”  He shut his eyes and gave up.  “Fucking Christ,” he muttered.
To his relief, Castiel merely laughed, and tugged on Dean’s head, maneuvering him.  “Allow me,” he husked, bringing their lips together firmly.  Dean sagged into the embrace and managed to keep the moan down to an acceptable level when Castiel’s tongue invaded his mouth.  By the time the man pulled the two of them apart, Dean had trouble telling what day it was.
Dean’s gaze snapped up and he quailed inwardly at the fierce look on Castiel’s face.  He licked his lips and shrugged.  “My, uh, last Dom.  He . . . I didn’t listen to him.”
Balthazar seemed even less convinced.  “I don’t know, Cassie.  He has been on your case lately to attend these little gatherings.  He may not like you cancelling.  Again.”
Pushing up in liquid movements, Pam flipped her hand at him and winked.  “Oh, please.  You two needed a nudge.”  She blew him a kiss and sauntered off.
Dean was already moving to the back of the car, the door snapping open quickly.  With a yelp, Castiel tripped after him, the pair tumbling into the back of the car.  Their driver sped off, the sudden turning sending the door snapping back into the car.  The sounds of battle were muted in the polished interior and Castiel suddenly realized he was lying on top of Dean.
As he typed out a negative reply, his fingers shaking like they had in the deli, Dean asked quietly, “Hey, Fireball?  You know what a hunter is?”
Castiel paused, keeping his hand pressed to Dean’s shoulder as he crouched over the injured man.  ”Do you honestly believe I’ll help you?” he asked.
Castiel’s phone beeped and he scowled.  ”If you think so,” he muttered.  He said his goodbyes, switching over to the new call.
“Thanks, Gabe,” Dean replied, hanging up with the publisher.  He dialed the new number and received a light British-accented, “Yes?” for his trouble.
What kind of fucking idiot was he?  Dean was so starved for a Dom that he just broke like that?  He’d seen the flush on Castiel’s face.  Even his Dom was embarrassed at Dean’s lack of control.  Just proved he couldn’t learned a damn thing.  This slow business wasn’t going to change Dean; it was just pointing out where he was flawed.  Castiel had to see that.  Maybe that was why he refrained from touching Dean much.  Maybe he was looking for an out.
Another sip.  “Why do you want so desperately to be punished, Dean?”  His voice remained quiet, not loud enough to be overheard.  “Are you aroused by it?”
Rubbing his face to hide the tremor in his fingers, Dean sighed.  “Goddammit, Sam,” he muttered.  “I’m fine, all right?  Seriously.  I’m fine.”  Sam had other things to worry about.  Not his idiot brother.  He had a wedding to take care of, a wife-to-be, probably children.  A success through and through.  No reason to get distracted by his brother’s dumb decisions.
Rubbing his arm, Gabriel waved weakly to Dean.  “O-oh.  Dean.  Hi.”  When he said nothing more, Dean lifted his brows, glancing to the man beside them.  He nearly burst into hysterics at the sudden squawk and blush as Gabriel flailed.
Oh, Jason.  Castiel’s dream companion.  Sweet and gentle.  A fierce lover.  Devoted.  Smart and talented.  “J-jason would have been envious of you.”  He swallowed, losing his nerve.
He scowled and then reddened.  “Excuse me for having a stake in this.”  He blanched when the rest of the conversation caught up.  “D-demon?”
Castiel’s anger soured, turning cold as he heard the truth in the man’s words.  He clenched his jaw and began to pace in tight circles, keeping his eyes on Dean the entire time.  “Dean, whoever you were before, it doesn’t matter.”  He folded his arms across his chest, pulse climbing.  His passions were overtaking him again.  He couldn’t keep hold of them in this instance.  He wouldn’t be surprised if he began glowing.
Dean gave in then.  His tension faded and he nodded again.  “Yeah.  You got it.”  He halted and held up a finger.  “Just one more thing.”  He trotted forward and yanked Castiel into a deep kiss, grabbing his ass in the process.  He pulled back and smirked.  “That should tide me over.”  With a wink and a rakish grin, he headed out the door, waving over his shoulder.
He opened his mouth to say as much but snapped it shut quickly.  No, that wasn’t entirely true.  Yes, he was here to arrest Dean but the idea that he actually
After three years, Dean had apparently hit his end in terms of how long he could vaguely flirt with a stunning male and not do anything about it.  So, dressed in his best work clothes, he was going to
Instead of remarking, his sometimes-crush gave Dean a searching look.  “Are you all right?”  He squatted down and set his mug on the ground before shimmying out of his sweatshirt, revealing a long-sleeved t-shirt.  “Here.  Put this on.  You look terribly cold.”
“Goddammit,” Dean breathed, digging out his food.  He crammed a fry in his mouth and lifted his eyebrows.  “Well?  Out with it, you damn goon.”
It was all Dean was good for.  He’d failed school, failed Azazel; Michael was doing him a favor.  Giving him
“Don’t deserve you.”  Dean’s muffled voice warmed his stomach with puffs of air.  “Gonna get you killed.”  His arms tightened to a painful degree.  “I ended the world once.  Almost.  Gonna do it again.  Gonna get you killed.  Got Sammy killed.  Got ‘em all killed,” he babbled.
you sit here.  I’ve seen you sit here.”  Castiel could hear him shift beside him against the tree.  ”And … well, we graduate in a few months.  So … I figured … now or never.”
Another kiss.  Sweeter than the last and softer.  “You already have.  So many times, my pet.”  He stepped back, letting go of Dean.  “I’ll bid you good night then, pet.”  He helped Dean to stand and walked him to the front door, fetching his coat.  He slid it on Dean slowly, neatening the lapels and smoothing the dark leather.
A sound of pure, beautiful pleasure.  The tone shifted though his body like a wave, shivering down his spine to pool in his groin, making his cock come awake.
He frowned and shook his head.  "You're impossible," he muttered.  “Anyway, I’ll have to examine it further but it’s likely not originally from this island.”  He grabbed his bag and jacket and waved to the two men.  “In any event, I’ll be off to my hotel.  See you both in the morning.”
A quirk of the eyebrow and the man snorted.  “Damn, thought I’d heard them all by now,” he muttered.  He slid a card across the counter.  “Name’s Dean.  You, uh, asked about the auto place.  It’s open now.  You think I could leave a few cards here?”
“Just . . . this,” he replied vaguely, waving his hand.  He looked over at Castiel and then away, placing his hands on the steering wheel.  “It’s just odd.  I mean . . . it’s been a while since I was a sub, I guess.  I’m just getting used to it.”
Dean looked vulnerable . Completely and utterly vulnerable.  He’d stripped out of his jeans and the new shirt, his shoulder still bandaged and colored with dark red.  In his boxers, flopped on his stomach, Castiel felt only a twinge of desire for the man.  Instead, he thought more of what Dean faced and his reactions to this Alastair.  Dean was frightened of him.  And terrified of how Sam would be harmed.  And if Castiel couldn’t go to Bobby to aid Sam, he’d have to do something here in London.
Clearly annoyed, the man folded his arms and sat back with a snort.  “Unbelievable.  What am I supposed to do with that?”  He ran a hand through his short brown hair, eyes shifting from green to red to black and then back again.  “Freely given breaks the contract; who freakin’ knew?”
It had been done with the motivations of a devoted older brother but he knew the old adage, better than most.
”  He took another sip and shook his head.  “However, you are my beloved cousin.  So, though I will regret this, I agree.”
