"And do you believe she heard us the last time?"
"You want to interrogate Anna Sanchez now or would you like to discuss what controls the girl at the reception desk? Ah, wait, look at the garbage man on the pavement there, do you believe he's more controlled by the collection of cardboard or glass?" suggests John with irony and clenched teeth, but before Sherlock is able to pronounce the slightest word, he feels his pocket vibrating and gets his mobile out of it, before sticking it on his ear.
Sherlock smiles (but this time, his eyes don't get wrinkled) before slowly releasing the cheeks of his friend.
"... Yes. I am a harpist but I fell off a horse a few weeks ago. I cannot play before December."
"Mh, I am not very convinced," replies Mrs. Hudson gloomily, looking at the cup she barely touched.
"Tomorrow, 10 o'clock."
"Or you could order Chinese and we could watch the movie, on the sofa."
"I was in the front row so I didn't really see anything... I quickly turned around when I heard someone shouting. I saw a man who seemed to wake up. For one second, that reassured me, I thought - it's stupid, I know - that it was a nightmare, that it was proof... But I looked at the scene again and the musician was... He was soaked in his blood and my sister was still looking at him. I took her between my arms and I closed my eyes."
John grins and rolls his eyes but he doesn't have time to sigh that already the sound of the iPod crashing into the ground makes him jump with surprise. Moriarty looks at the electronic mess, nostrils blowing under the rage and he turns around, passing a hand in his hair as if his moment of anger could really have make one of his slicked back hair move.
"Precisely," Sherlock grants, pointing his finger at the doctor for one second before repositioning his hands on his back. "That's the worst part of this story, by the way."
who is doing an amazing job. Thank you doll, I adore you!
Oh bloody hell, spill the beans. -J
The evening of the concert, Denosa didn't conduct Sherrer. Sherrer wasn't even looking at him.
It's not a very complicated process to wake up, but strangely this morning Sherlock fights against each one of his limbs to extract himself off the bed and to go open the door someone's been knocking on. Unnecessary and slow body, he thinks while his foot is struggling to find the soft carpet. The path to the entrance is not without pitfalls (why would anyone install a coffee table
The doctor scowls, searches his friend's face for the grin which will make him realise it's a joke, but
“Plus, as Wednesday we had children who came to visit the Royal Observatory, they stamped a sprout imported from Greece even if I
John looks at the young woman disappearing to the bar and is beaten by the vision of Sherlock catching his empty drink, ready to leave.
“I admire the symbolic,” Sherlock answers, looking all around them. “But of course, you are not hiding here since the beginning.”
"Steele, it's in your interest to tell us everything. Let me give you a piece of advice: I'm going to have to place you under custody if you ask for your lawyer and that will be recorded in your police record," explains Lestrade, decomposing every word to be sure the engineer understands the stakes in such a decision.
" which makes him pull faces. Meanwhile, he has this
"John?" asks the detective, turning toward his friend as if to say '
"Moriarty," John confirms, even if he hates rolling the word on his tongue.
file is bereaved, black ringed and closed. You can only consult it, you can't add anything, despite what the
"It's all good, it'll take you 30 minutes, one hour at most. My daughter has her dance recital and I totally forget."
"Look at yourself..." Lestrade growls, shaking his head like a dad telling his son off.
"We work together, sometimes. What about you?"
"What relationship do you have with my brother, exactly, Doctor Watson?"
When both men ring at 190 Westbourne Grove, they don't speak about the fur coats they see a few meters away from there, and about the restaurants with exorbitant prices, offering dishes John didn't even know existed. The house which they face is painted with a dark grey. They wait no more than one minute before a woman comes to open the door.
And while Sherlock's smile is softer, the deafening sound of the pub seems to deaden slowly and John comes closer to his friend. There's something weird, all the joy of the last instants seems to be on pause and left behind it an emptiness to which John would like to give a name.
"Somebody is lying to us, it is undeniable."
"I need to know the exact date to register your friendship in the
"Everything is okay, John."
"Sir!" shouts but Lestrade has already gotten up to put a hand on his friend's shoulder, to calm him.
John gives an outraged laugh (if the hoarse breath escaping from his throat can be considered a laugh) before putting the letter back in front of his face. As best he can, he ignores the sensation of having his shirt opened wide and the detective's hands sliding on his skin like Sherlock is cherishing porcelain that he is afraid to break. John breathes in and starts to read out loud:
The doctor sits down and glances at the magazine his sister is folding up on her stomach. If there is an aspect of his detective accomplice's life he hates, it's when newspapers get involved. It's always finishing like that, with a pack of bullshit printed on glazed paper so big that the readers are obliged to believe them, and John is obliged to repeat, indefatigably, '
What began as a horrifying murder has now transformed into a political cabal, and now all the parties of England are stepping into the breach. There are debates about internal security every day of the week on television, filled with hazy election promises and apocalyptic lies from the most extreme parties which are taking advantage of this mess to spread their stupid ideas. It's making London sick, stuck in a flu-like state which is numbing its members and making its head spin.
“Talk to him!”, screams the detective while pressing the loudspeaker button.
"I'll be right there."
, thinks Sherlock, rolling his eyes so high they could turn around in his orbits completely.
"Come and help me, John," calls Sherlock, and right away the ex-soldier kneels next to his friend to help him take out a dark wooden crate from under the bed. "Predictable."
There are a few seconds where his body seems to melt against the sheets, where his thoughts are as tangible as the surrounding air. John gives a small cry while he comes, for what feels like forever, in uncontrolled knocks of hips. There's a wave of words invading his mouth, shivering at the end of his tongue, pushed by an orgasm which is stealing away all his strength - but he still has enough to retain them.
"Because we need someone to represent Sherrer."
"And it's obvious that
"Don't worry it is his
"Is there anyone here in this damn orchestra who is really useful?"
Sherrer's flat is an astonishing mix of a life with roommates - as evidenced by the living-room furniture's disparity - yet perfectly tidied up and clear; in short, the only proof the tenants are all responsible adults. Compared to Baker Street's state, John is a little bit ashamed.
, and he's easily seduced by this easy way out.
"Sherlock, if you have any other questions..." proposes the DI.
John raises his head and sees Clara, hands in the pockets of her immense coat and with a bit of wet hair. He hasn't even noticed the drizzle which has been beating down on the capital for the last hour.
About ten minutes later, John's back in Sherlock's bedroom, whom he finds folding his clothes. He thanks him half-heartedly and catches the pile before looking around them. The chamber which he entered seems like a new dimension. He was never a fan of science fiction, but compared to that, Doctor Who seems so underrated.
Or maybe because Sherlock ordered it.
"What were you doing on your computer, by the way?"
"I was held up."
The engineer doesn't react and doesn't even seem to breathe, while he brings out of his inside pocket an ID card, far from those British ones John knows by heart, which he aims at the policeman.
One eye opening after the other, John does his best to keep his head from falling forward before answering:
"The almond paste..."
"What did you want to tell me?" asks Gregory, because it's clear that John wouldn't have come down with him just for the pleasure of freezing his ass off.
them. I have even invited Benjamin Cox here and had dinner with Sheri Walsh. I know their lives by heart but I do not understand what I am missing..." says Sherlock, losing his temper, putting his forefingers on his temples, which he massages.
There is no longer anyone in the Royal Festival Hall and the wood smell has disappeared. John only sees Sherlock, standing on the feasible and himself, standing next to the horn. They are in confrontation, soldiers of a war of which the armistice seems to rhyme with illusion.
Sherlock catches the paper out of his hand to toss it through the room and puts his fingers on the doctor's back. He grips without sweetness, presses John's pelvis against his and both of them moan.
"Good."
"Which explains the smell; you really should aerate."
For the doctor, it's not a problem to imagine Sherlock's chest. White, spotless, perfect undoubtedly. In comparison, his has to look like Verdun after the trench warfare. Seated and slightly slumped like this, the discreet paunch he's been trying to get rid of for years is a bit amplified. He sits up straight, pushed by a pride which has airs of survival instinct.
“Yeah, Sherlock… bought them for me for my car accident.”
"Great. Seeing as you haven't finish your day, can you replace me for tonight's meeting? We need someone to plan next month's schedule."
"Well, fuck me," Angie spits by raising the top of her lip, in a disgusted face. "Do you see the way you're looking at him? You really have a problem. You
"Trust me."
His last patient examined and reassured, John closes his surgery's door with the key he's about to drop at the reception desk, when he bumps into the head doctor, Mark Barrow. This forty-year-old man, blond hair with big blue eyes and thick eyebrows, late surgeon, now a man in charge of this small clinic in North London who spends most of his time between those white walls. Quite handsome. This man sways constantly between consultations on the run and wandering hands with the nurse in the first floor cupboards. Often, John thinks to himself that if he had a tan as fake as Barrow's, he could get off in a flash. Then he remembers the existence of skin cancer and miraculously, his libido soothes right away.
Definitely, the resentment she feels about her husband is so tangible as her terrible quietness makes the flatmate understand that the idea doesn't displease her.
, as you say, has to do with..."
No answer.
okay.
10:20 PM
On his right, the black mass still hasn't moved. John is struggling against the strength in him that is trying to make him raise again. He sees a bit more clearly an arm, an arched back and a neck twisted at an impossible angle. Lying down on Reichenbachiana violas, a few meters away from Moriarty's body, John understands it's really over.
(See the end of the chapter for
At the Watson's, the only radio was in the kitchen placed on top of the fridge. John's parents only turned on the radio in the morning for the weather forecast and Camilia Tomes' Gardening Show, before turning it off when the news started. There was no musical radio station. It was either classical, retro or even less trendy music. So, when John got a Walkman by his aunt Annie for his sixteenth birthday, suffice to say his ears only left the quilted earphone when he had to take a shower.
has ever been so penetrating, not even a .12 gauge slug. And John is very self-aware on that matter.
"I quit," John corrects again, raising a finger at the same time as his eyebrows.
“I was meeting with Mycroft Holmes… who threatened me before shooting at me.”
"Mr. Steele is Sheri Walsh's lover. He was looking at her when Sherrer got shot. She quarreled with her sister during the interlude because she planned to present him to her, but in light of their altercation, which he witnessed, he thought it wiser to postpone the meeting. It's not new things Mr. Steele wanted to discover but his sister-in-law. If we forget the fact that she was hitting on you when you interrogated her, John, it's a very romantic story which we have there."
"Take off his handcuffs," orders the young woman without daring to look with her eyes bulged by the fear at the DI who answers:
:) -J
He gives his credit card all the same and fixes it with a dark look as if he's trying to intimidate it. There's something about this credit card that always gives shivers to John, and Sherlock doesn't like it. Especially when he knows what he's about to say next.
“150£,” she says, and John seems to suffocate while coughing.
"Well. Should we clean up everything, a bit?" he proposes, passing an already tired hand over his face.
"Or strangulation marks."
“You're well-placed to know that.”
"Philipp Sherrer, 37 years old, horn player in the orchestra for six years. Single, no children. Lives with two flatmates in Marylebone with a dance teacher and a man we still don't have any detail about," states Lestrade outloud, dispatched on site in less than 20 minutes, looking at the stretcher with the body bag drawing away to the backstage.
Softly, his eyes quit the scene and slid on the stalls made of first class seats. There's an old man with a trembling hand surrounding a cane, a woman a little bit further who hides her mobile blue-ish screen on which she's typing with her thumb. The further the seats are, the more they are filled - apparently the financial crisis does not only touch the detectives' assistant. He may have to turn his head on his right to admire the scene, however he and Sherlock are closer to the musicians than the people seated in the back of the room. After all, it's not that bad.
"He's a bloody idiot."
"We already spoke about it, his age has no importance. I love him and he's the man of my life. He's my soul mate."
"Emh.. ph?"
John nods and breathes in, even if it's painful.
In less than four days, John is certain everyone in London came to visit him. First, Gregory and Elisa, then Mrs. Hudson and her scones that Sherlock and John gave to the nurses. The next day, Molly came and she stayed all day. They talked about travelling and sports. Andy came by barely thirty minutes, not long enough so that John could understand why Molly is attracted to him.
who corrected it! You girls are the best, thank you so much for your time and support :)
"He might be trying to convince Harry to come eat with us."
"What are you going to play?"
Is this a problem? -SH
Good, no need to say that Sherlock took them away from him, that would be very strange to insinuate his best friend stole his clothes. Sherlock returns to the room, informs both women that the questioning is over and when they pass in front of John, they quickly shake his hand before disappearing in a mixture of hardly murmured mutual reproaches. The blond crosses his arms against his chest and watches them disappearing in the staircases of Scotland Yard before asking:
08:23 PM
"And, if you talk to Eleonora, don't tell her I spoke to you about Tim, eh? Afterward, she's just gonna invent bullshit and say I said she was a bitch. I've never said she's a bitch. Well, I said it now but just to tell you that I didn't say it. You won't tell her, right?"
"It is your directory of the month?" he asks pointing at the pad installed on a violinist's music stand.
"Steele landed in Heathrow in the afternoon."
They smile, looking at each other from the corner of their eyes, and become silent again. Sherlock and John agreed on the fact that the detective would feign surprise when entering the living-room this evening. Every year he forbids people to wish him a happy birthday (he bit John when the doctor started to sing the prohibited tune last year), but it pleases their house-keeper and friends so much to gather round to celebrate his birth. Meanwhile he can only put up with this, raising his eyes to heaven so many times he's close to an eye cramp.
“Greg… I wanted to tell you… I know.”
"Bedroom?"
"I spent my life hearing that I was different, John, and if I learnt something, it's that it strictly means nothing. Everybody is different from others, I don't see that it has to change the way I should behave with him."
The words
There. Now, there's only him. And another person.
Slowly, John and Sherlock turn their heads to the other and smile. It's official: at 10:04 am, at Scotland Yard's office, the Game is back on.
"Which is?"
"Wait," growls the ex-soldier with a voice made hoarse by embarrassment, "That's all? We're not going to speak about it?"
"Yes it is."
"The letters, it's always the saddest part. If people keep them it's because it's precious to them or…I don't know. You see what I mean?" asks John, frowning even if he's persuaded he's making a fool of himself in front of his friend.
ones, because I don't want to use those kind of commercial artifices. And when I will finally touch you, John,
"Well of course I d-did, I watch the telly," he retorts with a disconcerting self-assurance. "But m-mom still thinks I'm a child."
Sherlock's pressure is less persistent while his thumb begins caressing the sensitive skin under the doctor's lower lip. He almost squints due to concentrating his look on the half-opened lips, and it's his eyes which John can't stop scrutinising.
. You certainly have a few, given the fact you're coming back from Afghanistan. And I will see what brought you back to London."
As for you, dear readers, I hope you'll like today's chapter and if so don't hesitate in writing a comment! It does motivate a lot.
"Goodnight, John."
"It is because there are really few problems that an orgasm can't solve."
"Hello Doctor." Benjamin smiles and waves, which brings down the clipping that he was holding between his thick fingers.
"Ah. Sherlock told to you about her then."
"Tell us about the evening, please."
"So you're going to kill me?" Sherlock asks with an awful calmness.
Long silence. Maybe an error to mention her.
, who is now publishing her story The Burning Life you should read!
"For what?" John swallows heavily, tightening his fingers around the ceramic which burns his skin.
"No, with the silencer and the use of a subsonic bullet, combined with the moment the shooter fired - in full apotheosis - even the person seated next to him would have heard nothing."
? You should follow me, I mainly publish Johnlock stuff, art of my own (sometimes) and pictures of silly dogs. Basically everything my life is made of. Concerning the legal aspect of this chapter: not being British and even after hours of researches, I did my best in being as plausible as possible. Please note that this
Jim Moriarty is the ultimate maestro and his baton has the shape of a scythe. Sherlock has to react. Sherlock has to say something. John needs to hear his voice, again
"Just to prove to you that all the letters are not sad."
The music comes from the end of the hallway and John’s eyes are too old to make him understand what is over there but he recognises a metallic construction and -
"It is not Harry who put you in this state... She is incapable of understanding you," Sherlock deduces, his nose lost in the fair hair behind the ear of his flatmate, which he inhales (John knows it, because he feels the rib cage swelling against his back). "What happened at the hospital that made you..."
The doctor nods once and gets back on his feet, still too bewildered to dare to open his mouth. In the nameless mess which invades the kitchen, he loses his breath and patience one more time. He quickly fills the kettle he starts up and turns around towards the table that he tidies up briefly in search of the box of spiced tea they used the day before. Between the typewriter which is missing the vowels, the nut shells, and the photos of Sherrer's open skull, he recognises the black tip of an object which he hasn't seen for a long time.
The hard drive receives a lot of information in one go. The
. She didn't look, either, and she took her stuff and they were the first ones to leave."
"Moreover, Mr Steele, you should know it's more useful to call your lawyer when you have something to hide. To have a relationship with a younger woman is not illegal, you know."
"Ah? I put it on to not draw attention..."
"It's so boring, Sherlock, you shouldn't have acted like this. You should have played with me, the game would have been beautiful if we both had played it. But you were too slow and I want to do something else now."
In some countries, yes there is. 72 of them still condemn homosexuality and in 10 of them death penalties are used. Concerning the sanitary issues, besides the premises of AIDS in the 70's/80's, nothing proves that to have a lifestyle like this could be a problem. Concerning the religion, I think most of them don't accept homosexuality, but it's really not the kind of informations that seems relevant to me. -SH
“Because he was only talking about
"Of course. I told you, I'm a philanthropist but things have to go the way I decided."
"But there's somebody who helped him with all this and somebody who pressed the bloody trigger. Sherlock, who can like this...
10:11 PM
? Who is he? Who does he see? Why would anyone want to kill him during a representation? What is he hiding from us? That's it! That's what I need! It is not what the suspects are hiding that I have to discover, it is what
Sherlock has a satisfied smile and while he half-opens his lips, ready to start again, his telephone vibrates awkwardly against an empty cup of tea. He sighs through the nose, apparently highly frustrated to have been stopped in such a promising path, and bends backward to catch the mobile. He imposes it between their faces to read the message received and, over the detective's shoulder, John's looking at the scrolling without of course commenting on the fact that the movie didn't help but at least it entertained them.
11:02 PM
This is the last chapter of So Brave, So Quiet. This is something that I repeat often but I first wrote this story in French then I translated it myself, because I wanted to share my work with English speakers. I'm so amazed by this experience, publishing in French and publishing in English are two things so different. I learned so much, it was hard, I even got sad by lack of feedback sometimes, but there were some amazing people who commented here and there, who showed me their support and that absolutely gave a second life to this story.
to this other person. He opens his eyes again and it's a soft murmur that escapes from Sherlock's smiling lips, which summarises what he really is:
"I didn't really... think," he answers, turning around to catch an old newspaper in which he hides his small snub-nose.
because that was where he had intended to go, but he fainted before correcting himself. He was woken up in the night by a bloody pain in his neck and an imperious need to let out what upset his heart. His thumb had crushed the remote set on his bed, and when the nurse came, holding out a bowl, he finally understood as he threw up, that it wasn’t his heart which was upset, it was his stomach. That was how he knew he had had surgery – bloody anaesthetic. He would have wished to give his name, but once more, his eyes closed before his lips even opened.
( And this is, once again, a TURN OF PHRASE, I’m not implying you’re related with the marine wildlife whatsoever) -J
“People. You always talk about people. Why do you bother?”
"Isn't this what you do when we finish a case?"
"He told me but I did
“We missed the last ship.”
"I have been thinking about it all night. Everything, absolutely everything that we have discovered about him taught us that Sherrer wanted to be… the centre of attention, at least once in his life. The first mistake was to believe that his occupation as an unsuccessful actor was just a hobby and didn't have any incidence on his life, and that it would be better to remember him as a musician from the London orchestra."
08:52 AM
"Nothing."
button. The answer is not immediate, so he walks slowly in the cold, hums quietly by skipping on the spot to warm himself a little. When he returns to his sister's bedroom again, he will be obligated to switch off his cell phone because of the electronic waves. He doesn't really want to switch off his cell phone.
"With a license, it's not illegal, you know."
"All right, and how did this man look?"
Instead, they all turn around when a young man jogs toward them before talking to the DI.
"And you always keep your promises," Sherlock answers, hands in his pockets, his back straight.
"John..."
getting involved in it, this story is becoming a heap of shit... Sherlock, for God's sake, are you listening to me?" the cop suddenly asks, losing his temper, passing a hand over his weary face.
There, I'm being honest. That's what you wanted, right? -SH
"I will say nothing more and this time I mean it," he sighs in reply, out of strength.
"Plus, we don't really need those things."
file is bigger and bigger and Sherlock can't decipher everything in one go. But John crossed the winds and came up on the cliff's edge. So the
John bursts out a loud laugh and Sherlock bites his inferior lips to be as quiet as possible, but it seems like it's already too much, as the infuriated whispers around them start again.
? You do know Hitchcock, right?"
This time, his smile completely disappears.
"And you wonder what's going on between us."
?) but eventually his hand lands on the cold latch and John appears in front of him. Where does he find those jumpers?
"To talk about the state of their flat. It had nothing to do with the case, you just wanted to tell them we were living together."
I went by the morgue today and a woman with that name was there... -SH
"You can remove your hand," calls the detective neutrally, but John firmly keeps his fingers pressed to his forehead like a visor.
10:53 PM
"See for yourself, you're suffocating him!" concludes Sherlock by pointing at the youngest, without knowing that he couldn't be more right.
"I'm sorry it hasn't work," Sherlock concludes, shrugging.
"Botanist," corrects the young man, scratching nervously behind his ear as if he were passing an interview for a job.
, is liable for the accomplice to serve five years of detention and pay a 150 000£ fine," Lestrade prevents himself from screaming to the woman he wants to see leaving as quickly as possible, to not have to place her behind bars.
“Noon. Shit, it's noon. We slept twelve hours, Sherlock, we have to go.”
Under his knees the carpet, aged by years and steps, scratches his skin. Under his hands, it's the soft fabric of Sherlock's suit that caresses his palms. He puts his fingers on his flatmate at the same time that Sherlock takes back his influence on the fair head, and the left hand of the detective supports the nape of his neck while the right hand touches his chin, two fingers already in front of the closed lips.
11:11 AM
"I am not getting defensive!" John shouts, making the two teenagers passing next to them jump with surprise before apologising with a polite smile and putting his severe mask back on.
Sherlock is speaking. It must be his head above his own. It's not clear. It's blurry. Everything is blurry.
The silence which invades the kitchen of the first floor of 221B Baker Street is even thicker than the layer of formalin in which soaks the duchess of Montgormery's tongue, from the stolen diamonds case. John's eyebrows rise slowly, his mouth opens at the same rhythm, before he explodes with resounding laughter:
"Nothing, Lestrade and I only had a discussion."
"If you think you'll shock me by suggesting that he and Gregory Lestrade had a relationship, don't bother," John protests, shrugging. Even if he's bluffing, it seems to work.
, and you don't say a thing? You're progressing, John."
dead.
“At his brother’s. He told me he would pay him an impromptu visit, how adorable is that? I’m glad he’s making an effort for things to go well between them,” smiles the landlady as she comes out of the kitchen with a cup of tea she hands to the doctor.
John wants to stick a head in to see his house keeper but he finds the door closed. He goes to the second floor, makes a cup of tea with bergamot and orange, and takes a place on the sofa before sliding the computer on his knees. Contorting his feet, he removes his shoes, inhales profoundly and relaxes his neck by massing it with his free hand. He's always better seated in his armchair, but he doesn't like sitting in it when Sherlock is not there. To face the empty black leather seat is something really sad.
wants to forget. He holds his breath and Sherlock, losing patience, opens the lid in one go.
Balloch isn't the prettiest city in the word, but it's not the kind of detail Sherlock's interested in, so that's okay. He didn't say a word after John asked him if he wanted to talk about it; obviously, no, he
John takes advantage of the fact that the suspect has closed his eyes to look at Lestrade, who raises his eyebrows at the same moment. It's always strange to see a man giving in so easily, especially when the man is about fifty years old. He has the attitude of a suspect whom they would have placed in custody for 48 hours after going at it for no more than half-an-hour. The day promises to be very long.
With a slow gesture, because time doesn't really exist anymore, Sherlock raises a hand, stretches out his index finger. He slowly approaches the foreign body which forms under a jumper with big stitches as if attracted to it by gravity. Finally his hand touches its purpose, its ultimate target: the right collarbone of the soldier, where the skin is still marked by the bullet which tore him apart.
Because nobody touches Sherlock Holmes. Whether using a red dot dancing on his forehead or a manicured hand. John pricks up his ear and realizes he can hear him through the wall. He doesn't hear the exact words but he understands that he speaks. No answer. Sherlock’s talking on the phone. Lestrade perhaps? No matter what the two men say, they do care for each other.
"What do you mean
"Would you have a kettle and some tea, here, by any chance?" Sherlock asks, inspecting the bedroom as if he could really find this kind of utensil.
, would answer the detective before erasing the boring (but inevitable) conversation copy from his hard drive. It takes a long time before he realizes the vibration on his torso is coming from his mobile. A call: he winces. A call from Mycroft: he's about to throw up.
“There's a cigarette-lighter in a car, right, John?”
"You were right Sherlock..."
“Exactly. At the beginning of the week, I still suspected Angie Walsh had knocked off Sherrer, and everything revolved around those seven suspects. Today, Moriarty – who cannot be pinpointed on a bloody map,
"At the stage of curiosity, in other words."
Sherlock sighs.
He takes a small iron ruler out from the inside pocket of his jacket and practically lies down on the ground to put his eyes at the same level as Sherrer's figurine. Benjamin's breath is heavy, and although that automatically makes the doctor's eyes raise, the young man doesn't seem in danger from that. He's fixing the false scene with a look of unfeigned admiration, and John can't blame him for that.
“I left a sleeping pill on the night table for you.”
! ! ! ! ! There's a porno called “Sherlock Holmes and the deep frisking.” -J
Lestrade shakes his head and all three of the men facing the mirror are looking at the sisters; Sheri tries to approach the youngest, which she refuses constantly.
"Leave," Sherlock insisted, sniffling and covering his face again.
Sherlock sighed. "Its not the landlord."
John didn’t know what to say. ‘You’re a doctor,’ he reminded himself. ‘What would you say to a patient in this situation?’ But Sherlock wasn’t a patient. Sherlock was his best friend. “When you’ve had sex in the past-”
John arrived at Sherlock's parents house with Sherlock by his side. Sherlock looked at the wreath on the door and the Christmas lights with disgust, rolling his eyes.
"I know you," John said. "I know you're not happy."
She left then so he and John started putting calls in. "Do you think this has anything to do with the Hunter murders?" John questioned.
John is at his desk making his way through a stack of patient files when he gets the text message. He rubs his eyes, clearing his vision, and reaches for his phone. It's been a long day and all of the paperwork seems to be blurring together. All he really wants is to go home and have a nice cup of tea.
"Oh," Molly was caught off guard. She tried not to seem disappointed but he could see that she was sad.
John kissed him, nipping at his bottom lip. Then he put Sherlock’s legs up over his shoulders. He thrust into Sherlock hard and fast. Sherlock could feel how wet he was now, how easily John moved inside him.
Sherlock never wants to leave John's arms. "So we can do this again then?"
Sherlock had woken John this morning, insisting that they had somewhere important to be. John had showered quickly, dressed, and snatched a few pieces if bacon on his way out the door.
"I hope you find someone special and that you'll be very happy. You deserve it."
“You want me to fuck you,” John said in a low voice. “You’ve probably had dreams about it. About how good my cock would feel inside you.”
Sherlock sighed. John wasn't going to drop this subject, was he? "Of course."
"I don't know his name. He had his back to me the whole time so I didn't really get a good look at his face. He was tall, maybe 6'2" or 6'3" and athletic build, short dark hair."
It doesn't take long for Sherlock to unravel. He nearly shouts John's name as he shudders with orgasm. His legs are shaking a little and he almost collapses but John has him.
Amusement is written all over John's face as he asks "Did you... 'get it up'?"
"Moriarty," he said.
The note left by the killer wasn't exactly a note. It was actually a page ripped from a bible, stuck to a nearby tree with a rusty nail. One verse was circled in red ink- Matthew 15:19- 'For out of the heart come evil thoughts, murder, adultery, sexual immortality, theft, false testimony, slander.'
"Are you making fun of me?" the detective snapped, pulling away from John in annoyance.
"No," Sherlock says, shaking his head. "It didn't make me uncomfortable."
“I do require your assistance with a problem.”
"Okay, what is it?" John asked.
“That’s funny. That’s really funny, Sherlock. If you cared, you wouldn’t have done this to me!”
"Because she is a liar. We've already discussed this."
"Drama queen," Sherlock complained, waving his hand in the air dismissively.
The dead woman looked to be about 30 years old, petite, short Brown hair. She was wearing a denim jacket but her blouse and bra had been cut off of her. Her arms were stretched out straight at either side of her and her legs were pointing straight down tied together at the ankle by her own red silky scarf. Tennis shoes adorned her feet and still had on a pair of red shorts. Unlike the first victim, her eyes were closed.
And that was all Sherlock needed to hear. 'Another girlfriend' She saw herself as this guy's girlfriend. But besides the fact that he was a was clearly a liar and a cheater, he had a relationship with this girl that was inappropriate. She was only 15, underage.
"Sherlock-"
“Done what?”
"Good to see you too," John agreed, grinning. "We're actually here vacationing with Sherlock's  family."
The question caught John off guard. "Sorry?"
That sounded like a decent plan to him. "Okay, deal."
"John," she put a hand on John's shoulder. "We really must catch up."
“I said shut up,” John told him. This time when they kissed, John’s tongue found its way into Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock couldn't help but chuckle. "No, you're not," he said. He stretched and yawned, not used to getting so many hours of sleep in one night. He was known to go days without sleep when he was consumed by an interesting case. "I'm going to shower," he informed John. "You may help yourself to breakfast in my absence."
Sherlock doubted that the local racism had anything to do with the case and grew bored. “You said you purchased marijuana from Braden? When?”
"What I always want, to see you fall. And trust me, you will fall! But Sherlock, it's never the fall that kills you."
She frowned, hurrying to pull her hair back. "Sorry."
"Shut up, John."
They agreed to meet the girl at a nearby coffee shop in an hour, then headed to find Sherlock's parents.
"Ridiculous," Sherlock said, shaking his head.
Sherlock's eyes are wide and John's heart is racing. He considers the fact that he might have just ruined his whole friendship with Sherlock. He might have gone and lost him now anyway.
"This is a waste of my time," Sherlock complained. "Her boyfriend probably ran off with another girl."
“You’ve touched yourself before, right?” John asked.
"The police caught that killer, the Hunter. A young woman he attacked last night escaped and lead the police right to him. He was found dead in his home. He shot himself."
He felt like a man. He looked like a man. But certain parts of his anatomy didn't quite match up to that when his clothes came off.
"Thank you..."
“I can’t leave you like this,” he said. “I’ll cancel my date with Mary.”
Also not far from where Braden had disappeared later that same afternoon.
“Goodnight, John,” he said, turning his back to John.
"There's been a new lead in the case," John told Sherlock's parents upon locating them where they were currently browsing cook books.
"You wouldn't understand," Sherlock argues. "My brain is tearing itself apart with nothing to occupy it, nothing to challenge me. I'm going insane, John. I can't stand it any longer. What is the purpose of my life without cases to solve?"
"Sherlock?" John asks. "What's wrong?"
“Please, John… just let me go.”
"I Don't know what you're talking about," he said. "I should go. John will be home soon."
Sherlock wanted to believe him. It was a nice speech. John was  a good friend. But at the moment he just felt broken. A whole part of his life was just a lie. How could he know what was true anymore? How could he trust himself even?
Sherlock didn’t have to think before answering. “Yes.”
Sherlock made a face at John, letting him know he found that idea to be ridiculous.
Wow... Sherlock was even more turned on now. He imagined what it would feel like if John was inside of him.
“John and I are together,” Sherlock repeated. “Perhaps you’re jealous. You should find yourself a suitable romantic partner.”
They stopped bickering when they were greeted by an unexpected sight outside the cabin. There was a police vehicle pulling away just as they arrived. They quickly made their way inside and found the rest of the Holmes family having tea. John accepted a warm cup while Sherlock shook his head at the offer refusing despite his mother's instance that he would catch a cold being wet from the rain. "What is going on?" He demanded. "Why were the police here?" He turned to glare in his brothers direction. "What did Mycroft do?"
Sherlock blinked at him. Had he heard him right? Why did John want his help with his tie? John knew how to tie his own tie.
"John?" He asked.
But eventually he came to realize that he wasn't very happy in this relationship with Jimmy. He knew that he was settling for Jimmy because who else would ever want him this way?
"Please don't kill yourself," John resorts to begging. He feels so very helpless.
An older lady appeared and started asking John about the wedding music. Sherlock took that as an opportunity to make his getaway. He stepped outside and lit up a cigarette. His phone was vibrating in his pocket. He intended to ignore it but it wouldn’t stop vibrating, Whoever was calling was quite persistent.
John thrusts once more before he goes over the edge. He groans as he comes, still deep inside of Sherlock.
John is actually pretty eager for Sherlock too. He doesn’t waste much time undressing Sherlock. He leaves a mark by Sherlock’s collarbone, claiming him. He experiments a little, kissing and touching the detective all over and figuring out where he was most sensitive. He traces his fingers lightly over Sherlock’s hipbones. Every inch of him is perfection. He’s gorgeous. And he is John’s.
"I do," he confirmed.
“Intimacy.”
Sherlock was confused. “Loved me?”
Eliza May simply shrugged. "Its not unusual."
Sherlock had not swam in a lake since he was a child. "No, I can't," he said awkwardly, shaking his head.
"No."
“Bed,” John said, tugging on Sherlock’s wrist.
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes greeted them cheerfully. Mycroft had already arrived and was sitting on a swing on the large wraparound porch. He wasn’t swinging, just scowling at his cell phone.
"Yes. I've been thinking of you this week and I deduced that you felt the same attraction."
She frowned but waved her hand in the air dismissively. "At least we had a few hours to spend together. I guess I should feel lucky for that. Go on ahead then."
"Sticky. Disgusting," he mumbled, but he was unable to look away.
John decides to just go for it. He’s had enough of hiding and playing games and not taking what he truly wants which is Sherlock. He’s not so worried about everyone else’s feelings anymore. He’s bitter and damaged and he wants to fuck Sherlock. He tells him that. “I want to fuck you. Right now.”
Things had never been the same between them since Sherlock had faked his own death. He was so foolish to think that things would go back to the way they were before. He was foolish to think that John wouldn’t have moved on. He wasn’t sure what hurt worse, the fact that John had moved on or that John couldn’t understand why he’d had to disappear.
A moment later there was a knock on the door and it was Mary of course.
John grinned and gave Sherlock a quick kiss on the cheek.
“You can’t leave a wedding early, Sherlock,” Mycroft scolded him.
Mr Watson arrived first, it was almost a habit to be early, plus, he wanted to see everyone’s costume before they entered the hall. He took his normal position by the door and waited. Mr Holmes was nowhere near ready by the time Mr Watson had walked through the school doors. It was a party, and Mr Holmes was going to go to all means to avoid getting there, even though he knew that he needed to if he wanted Miss Hooper to talk to him ever again. As much as he likes to say that he wants to be late, he can’t avoid the truth that he’s making his costume look perfect.
“So, what are we?” He asked. He knew that he enjoyed that kiss too much for them to forget about it.
Mr Watson also had to assign himself a duty position. He choose to do morning duties by the main doors every morning. He was the first person there and had nothing better to do. But that meant that he would need to greet everyone and most probably engage in a few conversations about something school related, he had to have his fingers in a lot of subject pies to keep up with his job. The drama department need him quite often, not that he minds, as do the geography (for school trips, mostly) and science departments.
“Well, I’m sure that you have already been told that this school is not like others that you’ve worked at”
Mycroft was the first to speak and break the silence that settled in the room. "This is the new office member, John Watson. He'll be organising any resources you need or school trips you want planning. Please, be willing to take advantage of his superb set of skills, he has worked for many different schools in his past."
Mr Watson was excited for the Halloween party, even though there will be students there. Mr Watson has a secret passion for dancing, and rarely gets to exhibit it in front of others, he hopes that this party will give him an excuse to show off his dance moves and impress Mr Holmes. He didn’t like to imagine that the only reason why he was excited for the party was because Mr Holmes was going to be there, but it was the only logical reason he could come up with. No one knew or needed to know that Mr Holmes was the only reason, or part of the reason, why he was going anyway.
Mr Watson arrived first, it was almost a habit to be early, plus, he wanted to see everyone’s costume before they entered the hall. He took his normal position by the door and waited. Mr Holmes was nowhere near ready by the time Mr Watson had walked through the school doors. It was a party, and Mr Holmes was going to go to all means to avoid getting there, even though he knew that he needed to if he wanted Miss Hooper to talk to him ever again. As much as he likes to say that he wants to be late, he can’t avoid the truth that he’s making his costume look perfect.
John sighed, he knew that he couldn’t argue with Sherlock over his experiments, even if they were a slight threat to the rest of the soldiers.
Sherlock was not a good drinker, which became evident after his first drink, he started to become a bit tipsy. John soon followed with the feeling and they decided to head back to the flat. They grabbed John’s whiskey bottle from the cabinet and poured themselves a glass each before sitting in their separate chairs, facing each other.
“Fine, I’ll do it. But I’m not being at the centre of the circle.”
“Okay, they said that you should be allowed out in a about a week, we need to wait until you’re fit. Though, you aren’t allowed to go back out there, Holmes. You can’t return to the Army.” Sherlock said. He still looked guilty, as it was his fault that John couldn’t return.
Mr Watson made his way to the corner gradually, he didn’t want to seem too eager to see Mr Holmes, though, there was not many places to hide in an open hall. He decided to just go and see him when he got bored of talking to anyone who was close by. He grabbed two glasses of punch from the table next to the food and made his way over. Mr Holmes looked up to him when he was about ten feet away, looking surprised to see him there.
It didn’t take long before bullets started to fire at the base. No one screamed and instead began shouted commands at each other. Soldiers stood by the windows, shooting back at the attackers and others were taking shelter behind anything they could. The table was now turned on its side, the cards scattered across the floor. John took shelter behind the cupboards. Normally these things would pass after a few minutes, but this time it was different, the shots weren’t getting less aggressive.
To say that Mr Holmes enjoyed getting to school on time was an understatement, in fact, he loved getting to school early. Watching the car park slowly fill up with cars while drinking is second cup of coffee for the day was relaxing. He preferred not to be like Donovan, who gets into school 3 minutes earlier than the students and has little time to set up her first class. The best thing about being early meant that Mr Holmes was alone. There’s nothing quite like being alone in a corridor or a room that is usually filled to the brim with people.
“Yes, and I’ve been told that you’re the reason for that, Mr Holmes. I hope that your chemistry lessons prove to be as promising as they sound, I’m doing a lesson tour today to see what I’m up against.” Mr Watson spoke, almost with a slight ounce of teasing in his voice. People have been telling him about the Mr Holmes’ lessons. Students normally make his lessons sound better than they actually are to make their friends who are taught by Anderson jealous. Mr Holmes felt like he needed to make his lesson meet the standards that Mr Watson is expecting, actually, he wants to prove Mr Watson wrong. When he walks into Mr Holmes’ classroom he is going to be blown away.
“You thought wrong,” he retorted. It was always easier for Mr Holmes to tell people that they were wrong about assuming parts of his personality than explaining to them how he really felt. Why would he people the pleasure of knowing what he thought about?
Mr Watson started to get tired, he hated to admit it, but it was because of how old he was. Miss Hooper was beginning to feel the same, so they took a break by the food table.
Mr Holmes was going this year, he was going because Mr Watson was going. He had no idea what Mr Watson was dressing up as, more importantly, he had no idea what he was going as. Miss Hooper suggested that he could go as a vampire (as it “suits his cheekbones”) and Mr Holmes decided to go with her idea as he left it too late to think of anything better.
The work was hard. Clara had showed him what to do and he had gotten the hang of it, but it was hard because as the minutes went on, he was missing out on viewing Mr Holmes’ class. He heard the bell for fourth period ring, and he sighed, knowing that Mr Holmes was starting his lesson. This gave him some fuel to work harder, and he managed to complete the work within and hour, like Lestrade had said, giving him 30 minutes to go and watch the remainder of Mr Holmes’ class.
Thankfully, they are not the only two science teachers at Watterford Academy. Miss Hooper teaches biology alongside Mr Stamford. Unlike the chemistry teaches, they get along well, if you’re lucky you can sit beside them in the staff room and hear the interesting topics of their conversations. The topic of the best dinner the school has provided them in all their years of working there lasted two hours (the final result being the chicken nuggets and chips. “You can’t go wrong with chips!” Miss Hooper argued).
Sherlock doesn't show up for work one day and John gets worried.
“Ah, John, there you are. Where have you been?” Lestrade asked, looking like it was unexpected for someone with his job to actually be doing the work.
“No, but I have just spotted a strange shape hovering in the corner over there. I’m almost certain that there isn’t any other 6 foot tall vampires in the school.” She said, Mr Watson followed her line of sight until his eyes landed on the mysterious figure in the corner. She was right, it did look a lot like Mr Holmes, that or a prop that suddenly appeared. He decided to go and investigate. Miss Hooper spotted one of her teacher friends on the dance floor and went to speak to them instead.
“Oh John, thank god you’re here, I was worried that no one interesting would be here since Sherlock’s late.” She huffed, Mr Watson still found it weird hearing Mr Holmes being referred to as ‘Sherlock’, but he went with it anyway.
He spent the next hour organising and allocating areas of the school to teachers at break and lunch in a two week time table. He must admit, he was placing the teachers who he has come to dislike or find annoying as far away from the front office as he can and outside so that they would get cold in the winter. It was petty, but he enjoyed doing it. He put Miss Campbell from maths close to the office on a Wednesday break and lunch as he had enjoyed her company in the past.
After a while, Miss Hooper came in. She didn’t look happy; like something had annoyed her. Mr Watson knew it was probably a date that cancelled or Mr Holmes. She spotted him and immediately walked over.
“And here I was, thinking that you might’ve been kind to one receptionist.” Miss Hooper said from behind him. Mr Holmes would’ve been nicer to Mr Watson, but he was embarrassed. He was not happy, in the slightest, that a receptionist had seen him fall over and have a whole class of year 10s laugh at him.
Mr Holmes arrived late, as promised. He walked in through the doors and observed his surroundings. Various staff members and students were hanging around the food table, looking like they were waiting for more food to be brought out. There were some students requesting songs at the DJ booth and Mrs Hem’s band getting ready to perform on the stage. All of the music was directed one towards one place - the dance floor. The dance floor which currently held host to a dance circle, centred by Miss Hooper and Mr Watson. The pair looked like they had been dancing for a while now, sweat was dripping down both of their foreheads. Mr Holmes decided to stay clear of the dance floor, he knew that trying to dance would be a catastrophe. Instead, he stationed himself by the corner of the room. His costume was scary and the corner was rather dark, people would just assume that he was a prop if he stayed still long enough.
“Any sign of Sherlock yet?” Mr Watson asked. Miss Hooper shook her head, she wasn’t watching the door during their dancing session either.
Mr Watson started to get tired, he hated to admit it, but it was because of how old he was. Miss Hooper was beginning to feel the same, so they took a break by the food table.
“Get him in!”
Now, Mr Holmes’ brother was standing in front of Mr Watson. If Mr Holmes had taken any steps to progress the relationship between the two by trying to befriend Mr Watson then he would’ve asked where Mr Holmes was, but no progressions had been made. Mr Watson couldn’t just ask where he was, he hardly knew the guy, but that didn’t stop him from wondering. He knew that he was best to avoid the attention that the headmaster would place on him if he showed any interest in his brother so he decided to not ask.
Mr Watson made his way to the corner gradually, he didn’t want to seem too eager to see Mr Holmes, though, there was not many places to hide in an open hall. He decided to just go and see him when he got bored of talking to anyone who was close by. He grabbed two glasses of punch from the table next to the food and made his way over. Mr Holmes looked up to him when he was about ten feet away, looking surprised to see him there.
“Well, I thought it would be easier for me to do it. It’ll also make me avoid making another teacher angry because they need to wake up 20 minutes earlier.” Mr Watson’s smile was real compared to the one that the headmaster had sent his way.
John tried to keep his eyes open, he tried to fix his vision on Sherlock’s face. For all he knows, he could die now, and Sherlock’s thing would be the last thing he would see. He took in every detail of it; the cheekbones, the eyes the colour of what he imagined heaven to look like. His eyes began closing, he tried to reach out for Sherlock, who now had his arms wrapped around him, putting pressure on the wound and protecting him from other bullets.
“You came here everyday?”
“Holmes, don’t worry about me returning to the Army. I’ll be fine here in London, I’ll find a small job as a doctor. It’s about time I settled down. I’m just glad I survived” John knew that it was time to try and live a normal, domestic life, and Sherlock looked slightly relieved when he heard that.
Sorry that this one is rather short, I’ll update again on Saturday!
The Halloween party is here, but Sherlock isn't.
As the students began to fill up the room, Mr Watson left, his attempt to avoid the students walking in corridors was successful. He delivered the rest of his paperwork and was back at the front of the school by half an hour to period 4. He was about to walk into his office when he saw Deputy Head Lestrade stood outside of his door.
The second period was the year 9’s. It was their first lesson with Mr Holmes, so he decided to bore the death out of them. He liked to make the new students think that he is nothing like anything the rest of the students said he was, making them less excited for his next lesson where he would blow something up and make them all jump. He set the task of reading through pages 7-9 and answering questions 1-12, setting question 7 as the minimum amount of work allowed. Most of the students kept looking at him, expecting him to do something exciting, but nothing happened. They all left the lesson looking disappointed, as if they wanted Anderson to walk in yelling at Mr Holmes over his recent experiment.
“What’s wrong with him?”
The Halloween party was going to be a bore. Teachers were only asked to attend to watch over the students and make sure that they weren’t drinking alcohol. Though, as they were there for two hours they decided to embarrass the students by dancing in a circle and sometimes getting on the stage and singing. Mr Holmes knew that one of the history teachers was in a band and would sometimes play.
“Sure I’ll help Clara.” He said, and went to sit with Clara in the accounting office.
John treated Sherlock’s burn and bandaged him up, making sure that it would not get infected.
“Y’know, I still have nightmares about what happened back when we were in the Army,” John said. He saw Sherlock twitch uncomfortably in his seat, he questioned why he had said that but thought that he better explain himself. “Like I hear the screaming, and then I see you and I don’t feel the pain but I know it’s there by the look on your face. Then you come over and help me like you did. Your face looks the same every time - worried but still perfect” He turns to see Sherlock, who was now so intrigued that he was almost falling off of his chair from how close to the edge of it he was getting. “Your eyes sort of do this thing where they’re heaven and I float into them, it’s a bit weird, actually, but your eyes save me from the nightmare every time.”
Mr Holmes heard the door open behind him, Miss Hooper looked up and smiled gently, almost as if she was expecting this visitor. Mr Holmes moved his position on the sofa to catch a glimpse of who it was.
“Yes, we had a nice conversation. He told me that he’s going to be stopping in some of the lessons today. He’s coming to mine 4th period.” Mr Holmes watched as Miss Hooper’s faced dropped, then lit up with amazement that he had managed to make another adult spend more time with him.
“Sherlock!” Miss Hooper called him from the table position to the right of the centre of the room.
“It’s not normal for me to feel emotions, Watson, I didn’t know how to deal with them. So I came here and stared at you until I figured them out. I’m sorry, John. I feel ashamed of what I did because it nearly costed my only friend their life.” Sherlock, for the first time ever, looked nervous, he had just sounded human for the first time John had ever seen.
Miss Campbell was nearby too, she was the one from maths who always complained because he had better things to show off at the open evenings compared to her. It’s not his fault that students are more interested in watching explosions than Pythagoras’ theorem of bullshit (Mr Holmes actually likes Pythagoras’ theories, but he still doesn’t see how they’re more entertaining than a lovely controlled experiment where things blow up). He should probably attempt to apologize to her as he would be spending every Thursday break and lunch close by.
“Nice to see that you were bothered to show up, want some punch?” He said, offering the other man one of his glasses.
“Molly, I have the diagrams of the human body you wanted for fourth period.” Mr Watson said from behind his binder of paperwork. He walked over and set the binder down on the coffee table and searched through the paperwork to find the sheets. Mr Holmes saw sheets from other lessons with post-it-notes on them with “Mr Johnstone, Geography, period four” and “Miss Campbell, maths, fourth period” written on them. Mr Watson was delivering the paperwork now, during break (the time he had off) instead of during period 3 and 4. He’s getting it all done now so that he would have time to go and see Mr Holmes’ lesson.
Miss Hooper didn’t reply, and instead walked over to the centre of the hall. She being bopping to the music, looking awkward, Mr Watson began to join in. Suddenly, the pair started to be more comfortable with the music and danced among the students for a good half an hour.
“I’m alright, I’m alright.” Mr Holmes says as he slowly stands up and faces Miss Hooper. He smiles, turns back to the students and says “And that is why you wear safety goggles and use a protection screen. Anyway, Miss Hooper, what brings you here to my lesson?”
“Sherlock, are you awake?” He talked a little bit louder, almost certain that Mr Holmes would have woken up if he had been asleep. So he must be ignoring him. It was plausible, he did just nearly make his head blow off, and with Mr Holmes’ cold reputation he wouldn’t put it past him.
He look behind him and saw Sherlock. He was taking shelter where John was only just a few moments ago. His looked like he was worried, which was strange for Sherlock. Then, suddenly he felt it. He felt the hot bullet pierce his skin and lodge into his shoulder. Sherlock began to run over to him, yelling things which John could hardly make out.
“It was me. It was my fault. I called your name and distracted you from the bullet coming your way. I just wanted to apologise, I’ve been here everyday waiting fo-”
Mr Watson has had his share of lovers in the past. He’s never been able to settle down with anyone because he always picks the wrong people. The secrecy and mystery draws him in but then he ends up being played by the secrets and the mystery only turns out to be an affair. He also moved around a lot for work. He found it hard to stay in one place for more than a few years because he would get bored. He would walk the same corridors everyday and memorise every turn just to get bored and move away. It was a bad habit of his.
“I’ve never seen you nod at someone before.” She said. Mr Holmes resumed his position on the sofa, facing Miss Hooper, trying to study what she wanted to get out of this conversation. Instead of answering her comment, Mr Holmes stood up and left the room.
“So, I saw you talking to the new receptionist this morning. Looks like you and Mrs Jakobs are no longer the only early birds of Watterford.” Mr Stamford, who Mr Holmes went to university with, said. Miss Hooper looked at Mr Holmes like she was expecting him to complain about something, it almost looked as if she had her eyes ready to roll.
So I saw that I got 35 hits on my last chapter and wanted to write more because I actually love writing this.
And then all of a sudden, the staff room in the science department changed. The atmosphere changed alongside the amount of people in the room. The door opened to reveal someone who Mr Holmes had never seen before accompanied by his older brother, Mycroft. He had a jumper on (not formal enough to be a teacher), with plain black trousers (sitting down job) and stood up tall (showing confidence but was breathing fast, he was nervous but didn't want to show it). He was the new office worker.
“Well, shall we see if he can win once I play” John claimed, he always seemed to be the only person who can beat Holmes at a game of cards.
“Don’t mention it” Mr Watson said, taking his binder, standing up and looking to Mr Holmes. The look lasted no longer than two seconds, Miss Hooper who was sorting through the paper and Mr Stamford who was looking at the diagrams wouldn’t have noticed it, along with Miss Donovan and Mr Anderson who had lost interest in what was happening a couple of minutes ago. The looked was accompanied with a nod, the kind of nod that says “hello, nice to see you again” without actually saying it. Mr Holmes had seen other people giving each other this nod before, and knew that he would need to return it if he didn’t want to look rude.
“John, stay with me. Look at me, John”
“Thank you, and for the record, I was forced to come by Molly. I don’t see why though, she looks very satisfied chatting to her friends.” Mr Holmes said.
“How interesting, I hope they’re not irritating like the last one, or come with an annoying demanding personality like the one before” Mr Holmes had something against the office workers at the school. He believed that their purpose was to serve the actual hard workers. Sitting behind the desk all day organising what sheets of paper to print was not Mr Holmes’ definition of respectful, even though most office workers demand respect.
"It is?" Sherlock couldn't believe it.
As John pulled out of him, Sherlock was embarrassed to observe that his legs were shaking. “Fuck… John… that was…”
“John!” Sherlock exclaimed loudly. He clung to John tightly as he came, shuddering slightly with the intensity of it.
"About the case..."
"I needed to heighten my thought process. For the case."
John chuckles. "Yes, we can do this again."
'That's hot,' he said to John. It made him sound kind of stupid but his brain was too fogged with lust to think of anything more intelligent to say.
"She did. I tried to get her to come sleep at my place. She hadn't paid the rent for her apartment and was trying to avoid the landlord. She insisted that she was fine and wanted to go have some fun. I couldn't stop her. She was a grown woman."
In the morning, Sherlock woke to an empty bed. He yawned and stretched before climbing out of bed. He looked out the window, seeing the gray overcast sky. There was a breeze which would cut the dreadful suffocating humidity at least. It didn't look like it would be long before a storm would be rolling in.
“The game is on, Sherlock,” John told him. “Solve it.”
“It’s not…” Sherlock struggled to explain, embarrassed by his body’s unwanted reaction. “It’s just… you pulled my hair.”
"I would," John insists. "You're the genius. Can't you tell how much you mean to me?"
John shrugged. "Maybe."
"No, it's not."
She chuckled. He liked that sound.The tension and anxiety he felt began to fade.
John almost looked like he might cry now. “You were my best friend. I… I loved you, Sherlock.”
Part of him felt a little better. His angry words and his punches hadn’t seemed to phase Sherlock. But he’d tortured him and broke down his walls sexually and it felt good to be in control like that.
Sherlock felt triumphant, enjoying the rare sight of his confused older brother. They were going to win this. He was convinced of that now.
John had been shot in the shoulder during his time in the military. Rowing the canoe for so long had irritated the injury and though it was painful he was reluctant to admit it. He had been enjoying the peaceful boat trip out onto the lake and didn't want to ruin it. It had been Sherlock' s parents idea and it wasn't easy to convince Sherlock to go along. John reminded him that they had to do romantic things like this to keep up their charade and to keep his parents happy which had been the ultimate goal all along.
The girl bit her lip nervously. She wouldn't make eye contact with them as she said "We were just friends."
“Right,” John said, nodding quickly. “So you weren’t friends then?”
John chuckled again. "I'm so glad we're not actually dating."
John was in his personal space now. Sherlock kept trying to step back but now he was pressed against the wall and there was nowhere to run.
It takes a moment but Sherlock eventually reacts. John can feel Sherlock's lips moving against his slowly and he wonders what's going through Sherlock's head at the moment.
Sherlock studied the case until midnight when John literally dragged him to bed. The detective fell asleep laying on his side with John's hand resting on his back.
Sherlock shook his head. "No."
“Quite,” Sherlock agrees.
"So he took her out to the woods and killed her? Don't be stupid. I need you to focus. This is a very serious matter, John."
John breathed slowly, staying very still with Sherlock buried deep inside of him. And then he started moving, slow and steady.
“Really.”
John held onto him tightly, kissing him fiercely, venting all of his frustrations and emotions. He seemed to need this in some way.
"What was he wearing?"
They made their way to the dining room where Mrs. Holmes had set up a feast for dinner. There was freshly baked bread, venison, salads, fish, fresh vegetables, and pies for dessert. “Help yourself to the food,” she told John.
John grinned. "Yes, in the lake. Haven't you ever swam in a lake before? It'll be fun."
Sherlock resigned himself to the punishment from John, knowing that he most likely deserved it. When John decided that he was clean and awake enough, he pulled him out of the shower and threw a towel at him.
“The day after Braden went missing, I called Zack’s house and his mom answered. I wanted to know if they’d seen Braden. Zack’s mom said she’d seen him recently before he went missing and that he’d been wanting to buy weed with some money he’d gotten as a graduation gift.”
Sherlock felt like he was unraveling. He was going to totally fall apart at any second. He'd been used by Jim and he let himself be used because he knew that no one would ever truly want him. He'd been foolish to ever think that any guy would.
Eliza shook her head. "Nothing unusual for her. She was talking to this new guy at the end of the night, flirting pretty hardcore. She flirted with a lot of guys, though. I didn't think much of it."
But by the time he got there, Holmes was gone.
But Sherlock ignored him. His eyes were moving incredibly fast over the paper and it took him less than half a minute before he stuffed it in his pocket. "Where's the other one?" He seized the second envelope from John's hand and again read at superhuman speed. "Two days," he snarled when he's done, his eyes wild and his face caught somewhere between rage and despair. "Two DAYS!" he roared. He turned and stormed out the door.
By the time he got back, only less than fifteen minutes have elapsed. John unlocked the door and found Mrs. Hudson sweeping the stairs. "John!" she said happily, setting the broom aside. "Where's Sherlock?" she looked around, as if he was hiding somewhere. "Is he alright?"
“Information.” Holmes smiled thinly. “Nothing indiscreet. Nothing you’d feel… uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he’s up to.”
"We're trying to help you," John wanted to say. But they wouldn't listen, no matter how hard he'd try to talk to them, and all he could do is help bury the civilian casualties, patch up his fallen comrades, and head back to camp.
“Come with me,” Anthea says and she turns and strides down the corridor.
"What was that?" Lestrade asked, giving him an odd look. "You've never yelled at Donovan for calling him that before."
“It’s a required class, though. You need it.”
“Abernathy, Beatrice!”
Mycroft wasn't there and John was grateful that he wasn't. He needed to be with Sherlock.
Lestrade had gone by the time he came back out and Sherlock was climbing into a cab. "What took you so long?" he demanded, glaring.
Peter, John, Remus, Sirius, and James continued on their way to Gryffindor Tower, feeling full and soft after the meal and eager for rest. “
John snorted. “You forget, I share a dorm with James Potter and Sirius Black,” he said, reminding them of the trouble the two got into on a daily basis. “Go on, give me your worst.” He balled his fists. If it came to a wizard’s duel, he would lose. But if it came to a physical fight, he was more than sure he’d be able to thrash them.
“Holmes, Sherlock!”
He laughed again, half disbelieving, half sorrowful. Of all the times the Army had to ask him to come back to the war, it had to be now. "Oh, this is great. This is fantastic. Great, great, great." He shook his head. "Just great. Absolutely wonderful."
The other soldiers were always encouraging John to confess, having guessed on their own his feelings for Sherlock. "Do it now, in case something happens. Then go home and snog the living daylights out of each other," one man said.
. A smile spread over his face. It was only a fortune cookie, hardly worth putting any stock in, but somehow the little slip of paper made his heart soar. "Huh, wrong again, Sherlock," he said, looking up. "Looks like—"
"Yes, sir." Akbar scrambled away and John bound his injured leg before getting up. His shoulder still hurt, but the pain had lessened and he was able to move it if he was careful. He picked his way towards the wall of sand bags. A group of soldiers were having trouble. They huddled behind the wall, waiting for a chance to retaliate.
"Thanks," John coughed as soon as he got up.
John scowled. He hated it when she called him that. "Don't call him a freak," he snapped. The three looked at him with surprise, but he kept his eyes trained on Donovan, who looked taken aback. She fidgeted under his glare, then grudgingly muttered an apology and hurriedly walked away. John watched her go, refusing to look at Sherlock, who he could feel was staring at him.
His head snaps up. "I was honorably discharged. I shouldn't—"
Sirius, James, Remus, and Peter have already made themselves comfortable by sprawling on their beds or finishing the last of their unpacking. Remus looked up as John came in. “Where were you?” he asked. “You disappeared after the Feast.”
They stared at each other in silence for a few long moments. “Remarkable,” Holmes said abruptly in a soft voice. “Sherlock has always managed to push away anyone who wishes to associate with him. However, he has yet to deter you.”
“Of course it was. It was extraordinary; quite extraordinary.” John looked down at himself with wide eyes, still a little disbelieving that Holmes managed to catch all of that just by his watch, his hands, and only a glimpse of his fighting skills.
John snorted again. “What a load of shite. Well, that’s very nice of you.” His voice dripped with sarcasm. “But no.”
Bullets slapped the ground next to him and John immediately returned fire, feeling grim triumph when he noticed that none of the enemy bothered them again afterwards.
"Well I'm fine now," Sherlock said dismissively, throwing himself into his armchair.
A waitress placed the tab and two cookies on their table when they were finished. John selected one and grinned at Sherlock. "Guess what my cookie says."
John stared. He thought Sherlock would’ve known him better by now. “Of course not.”
He decided to answer honestly. “Nothing. Sherlock’s my friend. I don’t want anything from him.”
Two soldiers nearby motioned to him, indicating they would cover them. John nodded and on unspoken command, they rushed towards Batista's vehicle, moving as fast as they could. But the soldier's lame leg hindered progress and John's bad shoulder started to burn from the strain. The vehicle wasn't far, however, and they were getting closer.
To that, John had no response.
"Would you like another cup of coffee, dear?" Mrs. Hudson asked, already getting up from her seat. "Or another piece of toast?"
He was so engrossed in his thoughts, he almost didn’t notice the slender figure standing in the shadow of an alcove until it stepped forward.
"That's not possible," John said flatly. "It's impossible that replacements wouldn't be available for half a year. There are reserves and other army doctors stationed in other places who you could bring in."
"Why?" John balled his fist, feeling the empty envelope crush in his hand. This wasn't happening. This shouldn't be happening. This was impossible.
Sherlock met John’s eyes and the unsaid question passed between them
“It’s not that easy!”
John eyed him. "Are you sure?"
John gaped at him, but Sherlock's face did not change. "I, er, well, I wasn't expecting that," he muttered.
In the end, the most John could do was tell them he'll think about telling him once he got home. They shook their heads, but left him alone. They had bigger problems to worry about. Even though many invalidated and discharged soldiers agreed to return for a brief tour, it still wasn't enough, and more and more men were being sent home again each day.
“Because you’re an idiot,” Sherlock said and John looked at him. “No, no, no, don’t look like that. Practically everyone is.”
"We sent letters to your flat, but they have been intercepted. Attempts to approach you before have been deterred by… outside influence."
“SLYTHERIN!”
“It’s not just me, you know. There’s also James Potter and Sirius Black—”
“Professor McGonagall’s looking for you,” the fifth year said. “Not sure what it’s about, but you should hurry.”
"I was crazy," he mumbled to himself. "Still am."
"It's good." He looked down, hiding the sudden tears that came from the onslaught of emotion. "It's good."
“Family name, I suppose. Wizards do treat pureblood families with more care as we have a substantial position in Wizarding society and many of us are involved with the Ministry. I also suspect Mycroft’s reputation prevents people from approaching me. You and Soo Lin Yao are the only ones who dared to. Also, people are naturally intimidated when faced with someone far more intelligent than themselves. You are, again, the exception.”
“No, I think there’s a lot to know.” John grinned. “You’re quite the enigma, Holmes.”
One of the soldiers covering them suddenly flinched back and fell to the ground, twitching. Red was blooming on his clothes from a bullet wound in his neck. His eyes stared upwards into the sky, terrified, before the light suddenly went out of them as he bled to death.
"Oh I know you remember," John said spitefully. "But what you don't remember is that I'm a doctor and I took a bloody oath—"
"Chinese is fine." He stands and shrugs on his coat. "I'm in the mood for dim sum."
You would’ve been pulverized if I hadn’t been there, you ungrateful prat.”
“Good. So, why don’t people talk to you?”
"You're okay," he muttered as he finished tying off the bandage. A medic, a man from John's barracks whose name he forgot, grabbed the boy and hauled him away.
“Did you take it?”
He sat her down at her kitchen table and explained why Sherlock had disappeared. By the time he's done, Mrs. Hudson had tears in her eyes. "Oh, John…"
"He dead?"
"Do it later."
John grinned and walked forward, down the stairs, out the door, and into the street where a sleek black car was waiting to take him to Heathrow Airport. Sherlock followed and together, they climbed into the car.
Thousands of miles away, Sherlock Holmes stood over a body at a crime scene at Canary Wharf and wondered at the feeling of dread he suddenly felt.
“You need rest and nutrition for healthy brain activity,” John said in a disapproving voice.
"I would never," Sherlock said fiercely. "I…" He paused. "I need my blogger," he said quietly, looking uncharacteristically pained. "You keep me right, John Watson."
"I can already predict the fortune cookies," Sherlock said, putting on his jacket.
Sherlock was silent for a worryingly long time. “No one ever liked me,” he whispered. “Not Mummy, not Father, and certainly not Mycroft.”
With that parting shot, he wrenched open the door and left.
Left alone with his thoughts, John started tapping on the paper again. What should he write? Not much has happened so far besides boot camp and a test to make sure they were still fit for the battlefield. John had passed with flying colors and his job at the clinic had deemed him ready to once again perform his duties as army doctor. Maybe he'll write about that.
Lestrade awkwardly coughed. "Well, er, the bodies are inside the dining room." He gestured towards the house.
Sherlock seemed to finally get himself together and gave him a sincere smile. "I'll be looking forward to the day you come home." He put forth a hand.
There were a lot of things left unsaid in the letter, things that John would have mentioned if it was anyone other than the focus of his unrequited love. He didn't write that the scarf was now folded into a pocket on his uniform right over his heart, or that every night he closed his eyes and summoned forth a mental image of Sherlock's smile or played a scrap of violin music from memory to lull him to sleep. It was all quite sentimental, and John felt that even if he had the opportunity to write such things to Sherlock, he wouldn't.
His phone chimed and he pulled it out to see he had received a text.
Moonlight streamed in through the window, but it was weak and dull. The only other light came from a single candle sitting in an old-fashioned brass candle holder resting upon a desk. A tall figure stood next to the candle and the wavering light shone upon a familiar face and manicured hands folded over the handle of an umbrella.
"Grenade!"
"I don't see why it is."
"I have no idea what you're talking about."
"I thought it couldn't be more obvious," Sherlock sighed. "Put the groceries down; it doesn't make sense to bring them all over London."
“No. I won’t watch you waste away to nothing in front of me.” John put lamb chops and a few dinner rolls on his plate. “Eat or this time I
“Protecting and befriending Sherlock Holmes is not a wise decision, John Watson. You should know what is good for you and what isn’t, before it comes back around to bite you in the arse, to put it rather indelicately.”
“Nice to see you too, Lily,” he yelled back, the boy already half-forgotten. “Had a nice summer?”
"God, I hope not."
John, who got along with the four rather well as he shared a dorm with them, greeted them far more cheerfully. “Good to see you all again.”
He paused just outside the door. There was something about that farewell that sounded… despondent. But that couldn't be right. John was the one leaving, not Sherlock. He looked back at him, but Sherlock hadn't moved and instead was watching him, his face unfathomable. "Goodnight," John eventually said and turned away, feeling inexplicably sad.
But Sherlock did not budge. “Don’t take me for a child, John. I won’t be coerced by empty threats.”
“I’m not letting this go, Sherlock. You better be at dinner tonight or I’ll hunt you down and shove roast chicken down your throat.”
“I met Sirius Black when I was 6 and deduced him as well, touching upon his family issues. I suspect he continues to hold a grudge against me because of that. I skip meals because eating is boring and digesting reduces brain activity so I tend to avoid it. The same goes for sleep.”
"It'll go bad if I don't do it now!"
"Oh, no, you've managed to hide it very well."
“What about you, John?” Solomon turned to John. “What classes did you sign on for?”
"Children, enough," John said, rolling his eyes. He knelt close to the body of the husband, examining the neck and chest. "Right. The slashes are jagged and clumsy, so the murderer either probably used his prosthetic arm, which he isn't used to, or his less-dominant hand."
"Of course you were watching me, you wanker."
“Not the time nor the place, Watson!” She grasped his arm and began to drag him towards the carriages. “Come on!”
He was so close. Barely five feet away. So close—
“Thanks, mate,” Sirius said cheerfully. “Knew those brains were good for something.”
John gaped at him, not sure if he’s more outraged or shocked. “You want me to
A burst of static in their headphones startled them. "Possible IEDs up ahead. Proceed with caution."
"Captain!" one of them yelled as John slid into the tiny space next to them. "We haven't been able to get a good shot. Small got shot in the hand—"
"Thank you." He puts a hand on the latch, preparing to leave, when Mycroft spoke up.
"Afghanistan can be very cold during winter," Sherlock said, smoothing the scarf so that it rested more comfortably around John's neck. "Hopefully this will keep you warm."
Sarah Sawyer sees John and waves him over, pointing to the empty seat next to her. “John, over here!”
He followed the corporal to the line of vehicles waiting by the gates. His unit was waiting in one. "Nice to see you show up, Watson," the driver, a man named Batista, called.
“Call me John.” He holds out his hand and Sherlock shakes it. “And you
“What do you mean by that?” John asked.
They sit in silence for what feels like hours, feeling the weight of the world bear down on their shoulders until Ross finally sighs, stands, and claps John on the shoulder. "You're a good man, John."
“Very well.” Holmes straightened. “I understand you are Muggle-born and, because of age-old prejudices, would have to work twice as hard to ensure you have a stable career after Hogwarts. I am willing to ease your way, as well as give you a monthly stipend until your graduation… for a price.”
He let out a disbelieving laugh, his expression both furious and skeptical. "Is this a joke?" He brandished the letter. "Is this a bloody joke? Is this Mycroft pulling my leg?"
"Rather confident about that, aren't you?"
He quickly turned and began to walk briskly away, willing himself with all his strength not to break down right then and there. He forced himself not to look back, to keep his eyes forward, to not run back and tell Sherlock he loved him and that he wished he was back at 221B sipping a cup of tea by the fire while listening to one of Sherlock's compositions. He forced himself to keep moving. If he stopped, his composure will shatter.
"Okay." John let out a relieved laugh. "I'll write as soon as I can."
doing her a favor if I tell her, so I won’t say anything.”
Should he also include Lestrade?
“Nah, I’ll be fine,” John said, trying to be cheerful about this. “I’ll see you all later, yeah?”
allowed you to take yourself out of the class?! And what do you mean by ‘delete the information’?”
“How could you
The faint sound of violin music pierced the air and he looked up again to see Sherlock at the window, his lissome hands drawing the bow over the strings while pressing on the fingerboard at the same time. Panic suddenly overtook John and he shook. He didn't know how to tell Sherlock he was leaving in two days' time for war. He didn't want to know Sherlock's reaction; would he be apathetic or would he be enraged? Would he call him a fool, much like what Mycroft did? Would he even care that John was going back to the battlefield?
"I'm not calling you an idiot because of that."
John turned around and walked to the Fat Lady, who quirked an eyebrow at him. “Rather late, aren’t you?”
John grinned. “C’mon, if we hurry we’ll be able to get into a Slytherin-free carriage.”
The car left as soon as John closed the door and he wondered how Sherlock was going to get home, but then decided that Sherlock could always get a cab. He walked into the terminal and went to check-in, Sherlock by his side. They didn't say a word to each other until, suddenly, it was time to go.
“Except maybe Mycroft Holmes,” Sirius cut in with a tone of disgust. “You know what I heard over the summer? His younger brother, Sherlock, will be starting this year.”
"Sorry." John ducked under it and they walked to Lestrade, who was standing to the side talking to Sally Donovan.
“Likewise, John,” Sirius said, grinning at him. “Had a good summer?”
“But that’s typecasting,” Lily protested. “This Sherlock is going through the same thing you did when everyone thought you’d land in Slytherin and yet you defied all expectations and got Sorted to Gryffindor. Sherlock might also be an exception.”
And on it went. The list moved by rather quickly, and it was almost time for the H-surnames to be sorted. John watched Sherlock, who still seemed unperturbed as he waited for his turn. In fact, his chin was lifted and his hands were tucked into his pockets, indicating he was completely relaxed. The sight was so unusual and he was so preoccupied with staring at the boy that John almost missed it when Professor McGonagall called his name.
“No.” But he grinned to let Sherlock know he was joking.
“RAVENCLAW!”
"Actually," John said as a thought came to him. "I was wondering if, well, if you'd like me to write to you and Mrs. Hudson while I'm away. I promised Harry I'll write so if—"
Holmes scowled. “I did not need your help.”
“I had the situation under control,” Holmes snapped. “I would’ve taken care them just fine if you hadn’t come barging in.”
“You presumed I was which could possibly be why you were trying to follow me around for the past two weeks, although now I know that you weren’t trying to harass me, even though your attempts to approach me were bothersome.” His eyes narrowed. “Why were you trying to talk to me? I could try to deduce it, but as you’re here, I might as well ask.”
"He's pretty special, then." John almost laughed. Singh had no idea. "Yeah, he is."
Most didn’t understand how John even put up with him, for Sherlock’s reputation of owning a completely callous and arrogant personality had reached even the furthest corners of the castle. Some thought he was touched in the head (“I think he took one too many Bludgers to the head, if you know what I mean.”) others thought it was very kind of him (“It’s the Hufflepuff in him. I told you he was Sorted into the wrong House.”) and still others thought John was using Sherlock for his own personal gain (“Holmes is a pureblood and Watson’s a Muggleborn. He’s probably trying to get into Holmes’s good graces so he can get a good job in the future or something.”)
Concerned, John threw open the door.
“Beware,” the Fat Lady warned before the portrait door swept open to reveal the comfortable common room. Students were settling down at tables and armchairs to finish up homework or hang out.
With that, he turned on his heel and stalked back into the classroom, slamming the door behind him. He let out a long breath, feeling his hand throb from punching Anderson and examined it. If he was lucky, it wouldn’t bruise much. John felt a rush of pride sweep through him as he recalled the terrified look on the bullies’ faces as he dragged Anderson out of the room. They weren’t going to bother Holmes again, he was sure.
"I know."
He couldn't breathe. The crash of the vehicle falling to its side shattered the glass. Shards cut into exposed skin.
They sunk to the floor, John’s knee on his back while he bent Anderson’s arm in an awkward angle. Anderson yelled and flailed and John got off him. “Coward,” he spat at the cringing boy. “Ganging up on a younger boy half your size and then attacking me from behind. I don’t know how someone like you ever got into Hufflepuff.” He picked him up by the scruff of his robes and dragged him outside, where he found Donovan and the other two staring, shocked. “I’ll make sure to report this,” he hissed. “And I’ll have a word with Greg about you, Anderson.”
But Holmes was looking bemused. “You followed me around for two weeks just to apologize?”
“Pity. We could have split the fee. Think it through next time.”
"Brilliant," Sherlock said, a faint smile on his face. "Well, I think we're done here." He turned to Lestrade, who had followed them in. "I suppose a man with a prosthetic arm wouldn't be too hard to find, even with your incompetent officers."
"Do you want the shrimp dumplings?" Sherlock pulled open the door. "Or the pork buns?"
He had no idea what was going to happen and that scared him. Sherlock was a mercurial man when roused and the impulsiveness of his actions had been one of the first things that attracted John from the very beginning. But right now, he would've given anything for even a shred of predictability from the man. Anything for John to know how the confrontation will play out and how he could keep his head and not do anything rash like kiss Sherlock senseless.
“What did he say?”
A flash. Another earth-shaking boom and suddenly the world was tilting sideways.
John let out a long breath. "You know, I thought we were going to have an argument or something."
"No problem." Singh trudged on ahead towards the Corporal. "Watch my 3 and 6."
"We could, but as you are leaving in less than 48 hours, I feel that we should… separate… on good terms rather than bad."
"No, its fine, Mrs. Hudson. I've had enough."
"No, no there was definitely something more than that," John said, following him up the stairs. "No one looks like that because of a fortune cookie."
“Oh?” Sherlock’s voice had hardened until it was sharper than a bed of nails. “What was it?”
"I always make exceptions for you, John."
He closed his eyes and did not open them again.
“Why should I?”
John had been in Afghanistan for four months now. Four months of cold, slushy snow, and blood. He shouldn't be complaining— he volunteered to come back— but he was even sicker of the battlefield than before. The guilt continued to gnaw at his insides while the cold bit at his extremities. Sleep had started to elude him and he could feel weariness dragging his steps and pulling at his eyelids, even if his mind wouldn't allow to rest.
"No, I'm not. I've never been into men before Sherlock."
John sighed. "Just my best friend."
“Managed to get the first years sorted out,” he said, shaking the rest of the rainwater out of his hair. “They’ll be coming soon.” He waved to John and went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table.
"Both. I'm starving."
, which Sherlock usually butchered while he was in one of his moods, but was now flowing beautifully. John closed his eyes, soaking it in. It will be a while until he could hear Sherlock playing again.
“I’m glad Harry’s found someone,” Lily said with genuine kindness.
Holmes bit his lip once he stopped talking, searching John’s blank face for any clue of what the older boy was thinking. The silence stretched between them, seeming to go on for hours.
John crouched nearby, his gun at the ready as Singh worked on the Corporal. A cry of pain caught his attention and he turned to see a soldier writhing on the ground, clutching his leg. Two bullets have hit him in the thigh and the fabric of his trousers was crimson with blood. "I'm going to go help!" he called to Singh, who nodded.
“What do you want?” John asked, eyes narrowing with suspicion.
John dismissed the corporal and went to ride shotgun. "Aw, were you all waiting for me? I'm touched."
Sherlock rolled his eyes at that, but nodded. “I’ll see you tomorrow, John.”
save and I can't, I
“You’re still not over that?”
“How— Yeah, he did. That, and a promise of a position in whatever job I wanted to do in the future.”
His head hurt. He could feel himself slipping into darkness. He wanted to rest. He shouldn't. He had to get out. Had to get back to Sherlock.
“You want us to come with you?” James asked, already getting up.
"Shut it, you." He rolled his eyes, and leaned out the window to check with the commanding officer.
“I can see what you mean by unnatural,” Remus murmured, eyeing Holmes as well. “The look in his eyes…”
“I never said you were.”
John had a feeling this was quite uncommon for the boy and felt touched by it. “Thank you.”
“Had a nice summer, Evans?” James asked, a cocky grin already fixed in place.
John smiled wistfully. He'll miss her saying that.
The carriage rolled to a stop ten minutes later and they all piled out. John apologized to Remus and Peter for cramming them in there, which they shook off with good grace. The rain hadn’t abated at all and they ran inside as soon as they jumped out of the carriage, shaking off excess water once safely ensconced in the Entrance Hall. Lily left for the Great Hall right afterwards, bidding a “see you later” to John as she walked past James, who watched her go out of the corner of his eye.
That night, the aching cries of a violin lulled him to sleep.
year Slytherin, her boyfriend Philip Anderson from Hufflepuff, and two others John didn’t know were standing around a crumpled body sprawled in front of a toppled desk. Pale blue-gray eyes and curly hair confirmed that it was Sherlock Holmes who they had shoved into the desk.
Donovan looked hard at him, then turned to leave. “Come on,” she said to Anderson and her cronies.
"I… know you're angry, but—"
Horrified, John could do nothing but step past the body.
“He was severely disappointed I wasn’t Sorted to Slytherin. Slughorn ‘collects’ people, you see. That’s how he makes connections so he can pull a few strings here and there to ensure he gets what he wants. He usually collects people of importance or those he favors and gets them to join his ‘Slug Club’. Mycroft is in it and he’s doing almost the exact same thing as Slughorn is, although far more inconspicuously.”
“But I didn’t even do anything.”
“People always say that,” John said, shrugging helplessly. “I get along with everyone and I’m nice and patient and trust-worthy.”
He impulsively opened his mouth, but to say what, he didn't know. Maybe he wanted to tell Sherlock he loved him. But he couldn't, because Sherlock didn't love him back and he didn't want to leave knowing he'd ruined their friendship, which was infinitely more precious to him than all the riches in the world.
“I’m not a helpless child.”
“Who were you looking for earlier, John?” James asked from somewhere to his left.
“Everyone’s staring,” Sherlock said dryly after a long beat of shocked silence. He was right: every single person in the room, even Professor Slughorn, was staring at the two of them. Sirius, James, and Sarah looked especially startled, but Lily was starting to smile.
"Sherlock."
A wry smile crossed his lips. “’Piss off’.”
“But John it’s so obvious her boyfriend— what’s his name, Edmund Skeeter— is only interested in sleeping with her. I actually feel I’m doing her a favor by telling her. On second thought, I
Batista jerked the wheel to the right, performing an awkward U-turn. The convoy was in chaos around them. The unanimous unspoken decision was to retreat, but some were fighting back. John spotted a man huddled behind one vehicle, his face screwed up in pain as he clutched his right leg, which was covered in blood.
“Yeah.”
"I have to put the milk in the refrigerator."
"The fortune? Ah, yes, it just hit a little too close to home, that's all." He airily waved his hand, brushing it off as he stood. "I was wrong about your fortune then? I'll get the tab. What does it say?" He snatched it up. "Rather far from the mark this time, wasn't I? Pity."
“Not quite.” Remus’s pawn took the queen and John grimaced at his mistake. His pieces shouted abuse and the king shook his fists at him.
“Arithmancy and Care of Magical Creatures,” John said. “I don’t think I’ll have much use for the subjects in the future, though.”
"Really?" Singh poked his head down. "So who've you been moping after this whole time?"
“Lupin and Pettigrew would not have approached Sherlock on their own terms,” Holmes said dismissively. “You were the only one who would have voluntarily extended the hand of friendship and you have.”
“Go look for it on your own.”
Singh eyed him shrewdly. "You in love?"
"The last time you tried, you got it completely wrong."
Sherlock now sat with John at the Gryffindor table during mealtimes, even though it was generally frowned upon, as sitting with one’s own House was symbolic of tradition and House-loyalty. But Sherlock, not giving a whit about either, simply sat next to John during lunch one day and ignored everyone else. Instead, he spent the time prattling on about a Potions experiment he wanted to try until John stuffed a chicken wing into his mouth.
“It was the right thing to do.”
But the person who stepped out wasn't his best friend's older brother. Instead, a woman with stony features and a distinct military bearing got out of the car and went to stand in front of him. "Captain John Watson?"
Sherlock was standing by the doorway, dressed in his coat and scarf. "You're coming?" John asked, feeling hopeful.
to go back."
Mycroft scoffed. "Then it is your burden to bear." He looked at him again. "I will not pretend to understand your misguided feelings of honor that led you to make this foolish decision, but I will not stop you. I will only wish you well."
“The brother you mentioned is actually my older sister, Harriet.” John laughed again as Sherlock froze completely, as if he had been hit by a Full Body-Bind Curse. “I honestly don’t know why you thought I had a brother anyway, since nothing you mentioned in your explanation indicated with certainty the gender of my sibling.”
A faint smile curled Sherlock's lips. "No, I imagine you weren't." He put the undrunk tea down and laced his fingers. "I do sincerely apologize—"
John’s jaw dropped. “
John stared. "Okay, so why did you keep this from me?"
"I will." John smiled and, to his horror, felt his eyes prickle and sting. "Goodbye."
John took his time answering. "Because sometimes I still see the battlefield in my dreams. It haunts me, but what haunts me more are the faces of all the people I couldn't save. Some of them were too young. A lot had family and loved ones. I came back… because this is my second chance to help." He shrugged, but it came off despairing instead of nonchalant. "Maybe I shouldn't have. Five… five men died today because I couldn't save them."
"No you didn't. My cookie said I'll find happiness in my life. You said my cookie told me to make new friends."
"No! No, it's good. It's very good." John cleared his throat. "Just unexpected."
“I only signed up for Muggle Studies and Ancient Runes as extra classes,” James said dismissively. “I’ll be fine.” Sirius nodded, having opted for the same.
He tried to smile, but it wouldn't come and with a last look into Sherlock's eyes, he shouldered his bag and walked away without a backward glance. He took only about ten agonizing steps before Sherlock suddenly called to him.
Sirius and the other Gryffindor third year boys had soon accepted John and Sherlock’s friendship. Granted, James only did so because Lily had been quite supportive of them and Sirius accepted it because Sherlock (forced into it by John) had apologized for the insensitive deduction he had made during their childhood. Remus was as supportive as Lily, and Peter generally went along with whatever the group did.
John smiles at him. "Thank you. You're not so bad yourself."
“Yes,” he encouraged John. “Like that.”
"You changed your mind? That's okay, you know. If you're not ready you don't have to-"
“Stop laughing at me,” he muttered, eyes closed and frowning.
A knock on the door startled them both. They sat up and John reached for their clothes as Sherlock reached for some tissues to clean up with. The person on the other side of the door knocked again. It wasn’t locked and they could have walked in but they didn’t. “John?” They both recognized the voice and froze for a second. It was Mary. “John, are you ready?”
"Look closer," Sherlock instructed. He zoomed in on an image of Irene passionately embracing a half naked man. "She's wearing the ring I gave her."
"Let's go," Sherlock suddenly headed for the door.
Mike laughed in response. "You're the second person to say something like that to me today."
She released her boyfriend’s hand and shrugged. “We went to school together. Sometimes I bought weed from him.”
Sherlock moaned. It was the hottest thing John had ever heard.
Sherlock froze in place. He tensed when John’s lips touched his. When John pulled back, Sherlock was staring at him with wide eyes. John felt like an ass.
Sherlock yawned. He had not slept well, keeping his back to John the whole night and leaving as much space between them as possible. The truth is, he was still bothered by what John had said to him after their boat trip on the lake. He was seriously beginning to think that this was all a big mistake. Perhaps they should admit defeat, confess to the truth, and return home.
John sighed. "Mary, it really was great catching up. I promised I would help Sherlock with the case, though. I'll talk to you later. Maybe we can meet up again soon."
“That really turns you on? You are a seriously twisted person, Sherlock.”
John presses his body against Sherlock’s and is pleased to feel Sherlock already getting hard. So eager for him.
"We'll have to speak to his parents and the local police," Sherlock told her.
John coughed, clearly taken aback by all of this new information. Sherlock glared at him.
"Sherlock," she turned to him now with a smile that he could not return. "How have you been? Working on anything exciting?"
He looked to John and said "Goodbye, John."
"But why..." the detective mumbled to himself, deep in thought.
He kisses Sherlock's neck, nipping playfully at his skin. Sherlock tilts his head slightly, giving John more access. He begins to move his hips in time with John's and the friction is amazing.
"No, no it's not," John said, shaking his head. This wasn't happening. It had to be some sort of a joke.
"Why are you upset?"
“Say it.”
Sherlock cut in. "I fail to see how my relationship with John is any of your business."
“No.” Sherlock shook his head. “No leads.”
"I'm not positive."
“What do you mean?”
"Why are you?" He challenged.
“Mycroft will never believe this,” he told John.
John was in shock. He tried to process all of this, process Sherlock's confession, look back and wonder how he never realized this...
John raised an eyebrow at him. “About what?”
John stood up and began pacing across the floor. He felt like hitting Sherlock the same way Molly had done earlier but didn't think that it would help the situation at all. "I am your best friend," he told Sherlock. "I care about you. I never left you. I got married and moved in with my wife. That's different."
“Oh! John… there… that feels…”
“It’s not your fault,” Sherlock attempted to reassure John. John was simply attracted to dangerous situations and people. It was part of what made them friends in the first place. It was a part of who John was. But sometimes he could stand to listen to Sherlock more when he tried to warn him about someone being bad news.
Sherlock smiled, glad to know that he’d been able to pleasure him. He reached down to touch a spot where John’s cum had landed and brought his fingers to his mouth out of curiosity.
Mycroft glances at them both one last time before leaving in a hurry.
"What's so complicated about it?"
John nodded. "Okay."
“No,” Sherlock answered immediately.
“You’ve never what?” John was beginning to think that drinking so much alcohol had been a bad idea because nothing seemed to make sense. He felt like an idiot.
Sherlock started to touch himself. He rubbed between his legs and bit back a moan. 'I am,' he managed to text back.
Sherlock was so very sexy and he didn't even realize it. John was loving all the soft breathless sounds he was producing. He loved knowing that it was him causing Sherlock such pleasure, pleasure that no one else had ever given him.
Sherlock had to admit that it was strange that there was no sign of this kid by now but he couldn't be sure what had happened to him.
"Go home."
Sherlock woke with a gasp, bolting upright and clutching his chest. His curls were damp with sweat and sticking to his face.
He pulls Sherlock's pants and underwear down, letting the material pool around his ankles. Then he kneels in front of him and Sherlock moves his legs apart a little more to give John better access. He wants this so badly.
"He's enjoying it," John assured them cheerfully.
There was the guilt again. But he quickly remedied it, reminding himself that John was at least getting a nice vacation out of their deal.
Sherlock considers the question for a brief second then says "Off."
John laughed. "Yes, as many times as you want. But I should let your brother know you're okay now. And Mary..."
John doesn't hesitate. He finds that yes indeed Sherlock is wet and so very aroused for him and it's such a turn on knowing that Sherlock wants him this much. He's getting to have Sherlock in a way no one else ever has before.
“I’ve thought about it before,” John admitted, voice low and breathless. “What it would be like to fuck you.”
"When did you last speak to Braden Thomas?" Sherlock asked.
"Sorry," John had told her sheepishly before they hurried away with their plates.
"Do you think the killer left that there?" John asked quietly, unable to tear his gaze away from the note.
Hearing Sherlock say those words... he couldn't resist.
He's been in love with Sherlock for so long but he never would have believed that Sherlock would ever have any romantic interest in him. When has Sherlock ever shown romantic interest in anyone? He's never had any type of relationship. He's never mentioned being attracted to anyone. But here he is now kissing him back.
She was pretty in a subtle natural way. She didn't know that She didn't need the makeup. Sherlock thought of her soft skin and the way her hair smelled of the floral scent of her shampoo. She was petite and feminine and the opposite of what he wanted right now. This was no good.
The teenager finally approached and stated his purpose. "Do you want to buy some weed? I know a guy who could hook you up with the good shit."
Sherlock was on top of him, kissing him fiercely. He rocked his body against John's and nipped at his neck. John gasped.
"Afghanistan. How did you know?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock sighed. "Not everything is about you, Mycroft. We are at a crime scene and your interruption is incredibly inappropriate."
Why had Mycroft kept this secret from him? Why tell him now? Did Mycroft want to hurt him?
"Just friends?" Sherlock repeated.
"A body was found in the woods not far from here," Mycroft informed him. "The police were spreading the word about a murderer in the area and asking questions regarding the crime."
Sherlock was already dreading this.
"Did anything seem out of the ordinary? How was his mood?"
"People are idiots."
Sherlock stood with her in the doorway while John went to change his clothes for the date with her. Sherlock talked about an unrelated case from the past, because that was the easiest subject for him to talk about. "But it was all a facade," he finished his story, putting emphasis on the word facade. "Remind you of anyone?"
"Are you sure?"
John gave him an exasperated expression. "Just try it. You can't know if you're like it until you try it."
"The list, Sherlock!" Mycroft was raising his voice, apparently not amused by his behavior. "The list of everything you've taken."
“A lot?”
Sherlock simply rolled his eyes in response. He watched as John swam around, exercising his strong muscles. He looked perfectly happy and appeared to be truly enjoying this. Sherlock liked seeing him happy and it made him feel better about dragging John on this trip.
“What?”
Sherlock extended his hand awkwardly for a hand shake but John wrapped his arms around him and embraced him. Sherlock was momentarily overwhelmed by John’s presence- his warmth, the scent of his cologne, the strength of his arms around him, the way it felt for their bodies to be pressed close so intimately.
Mary wasn't exactly thrilled to hear the news. John honestly expected her to hand him divorce papers. She didn't.
"Yes," he nodded simply as John gave him the information. "If you'll excuse me I have something to attend to." He started to race off but paused for a moment to say "The name's Sherlock Holmes."
For a while Sherlock was speechless. Finally he said "Thank you."
“Yes you are!” John shouted, making Sherlock flinch. “This is unbelievable. How could you possibly be turned on?”
"John... Oh John... I can't... it's... I think I'm going to come..."
Sherlock is clearly taken aback by this statement as he considers what John might be trying to tell him.
“John,” was all he could say.
"What will I find if I check those messages?"
Another sharp tug to his hair and Sherlock couldn’t hold back a quiet groan. His hips instinctively shifted against John’s.
"It's okay," John told him.
John wrote down the basics. His name was Breydan Thomas. His age  was 18. The girl, Brianna, attended high school with him and started dating him shortly before they graduated this summer.
"My brother is an idiot."
Sherlock thought about how he would much rather be home and how much of a stupid idea this whole plan had been. He would have to confess everything and he dreaded seeing his brother's smug face. He would leave the case in the hands of the American police. They would probably figure it out.
"Shut up," he told her.
Mycroft sighed, and snatched the cigarette from him. He took a drag from it before passing it back.
“Oh…”
He put his phone back in his pocket.
Mycroft had the audacity to look surprised. "I don't want to hurt you, I-"
"When's the last time you saw the victim?" Sherlock asked.
“Okay.”
Sherlock couldn't help but roll his eyes as his parents pointed out stuffed bears and colorful tee shirts and glossy post cards.
John stared at him in shock. "What?"
"You do?"
"I've never had a boyfriend before."
Sherlock paused, flooded with memories of all the time they’d spent together. He remembered flirting with John. It had never gone farther than that. Sherlock couldn’t help wondering what if he hadn’t disappeared? Would John be engaged to him instead of Mary? There was no use wondering though, he told himself. He couldn’t change the past. John was marrying Mary today, not him.
It wasn't always that easy though. John could never truly understand what it was like, could he? When who you knew in your brain and your heart that you are doesn't match your body...
"I'm serious, John."
"Really?"
Sherlock shook his head. "I thought we did. I thought I knew her, but I didn't. She had everyone fooled, even me."
Sherlock was grasping at John's sweater and squirming slightly beneath him. He was gasping and moaning John's name desperately. "John!" There was an urgency in his tone.
"Boots, jeans, a camouflage jacket, and a baseball cap. Pretty typical of men around here, a lot of hunters, you know."
"No."
"I like your better when it's away from your face," he said.
"I've been thinking..." Sherlock started.
John shrugged. “I’m clean. You’ve seen my medical records when you hacked the hospital computers.”
"Which was it?"
He and John are undressing each other and kissing as they make their way to John's bed. Sherlock's bed is currently covered with books and research papers.
"I...yes, I am," John admits.
"Why?"
Sherlock wasn’t sure what to do. He tried to move with John, to thrust deeper inside him, but it was harder to time his movements with John than he thought it would be. He moved his hips occasionally but mostly let John control everything. He placed his hands on John’s waist. He reached up and teased one of his nipples then let his hands settle on his waist again.
They were just about to leave when they were stopped yet again. Only this time it wasn't a client.
John makes tea and toast for breakfast. They lounge around lazily together in pajamas, discussing cases. John has decided that he’s going to move back in. He feels more at home here with Sherlock than he ever will anywhere else. He belongs here. He belongs with Sherlock. They can be a family. Things will be okay. He’s happy. And Sherlock’s happy.
Sherlock didn't believe her.
"Give me your address, phone number, and the time you'd like me to pick you up."
"Yes, it's a...recent relationship," John told her.
Sherlock was freshly showered and dressed in pajamas, sitting on the couch. John sat in his usual chair, finishing off some tea that Mrs. Hudson had brought. "You didn't actually think that I would believe this was just for a case, did you?" John asked.
Sherlock was quick to get John inside, insisting that they needed time to unpack and settle in before answering questions his parents were sure to have regarding their love life. John gave a polite smile and reciprocated warm hugs before following Sherlock up the staircase to the bedroom they would be occupying. The décor was rustic, matching the rest of the cabin. There was a window seat overlooking the lake, a big bed with a wooden hand carved bed frame and plaid bedding, and a painting of a moose on the wall. John had been on camping trips, but none like this before.
So when John and Sherlock came through the door smiling and laughing after solving a case, she held her arms out to embrace the both of them. She gave them both tea and then fell asleep with the both of them snuggled into her bed.
He closed his eyes and floated on the water, feeling weightless. For a few moments his troubles faded and his mind was as calm as it could be. He wished that feeling could last.
“I love you!” Sherlock shouted.
"Okay."
Men who liked men usually liked their men to have a penis. And he didn't completely blame them for that. He liked his men to have a penis too.
John wasn’t sure what to make of that. “Should I stop?” He really didn’t want to stop.
"Possibly."
"How do you know these were taken when you two were together?" John challenged.
"Why not?"
Sherlock stares at him, surprised and contemplating how to respond.
Sherlock frowned at him. This wasn't a joke. Could John ever stop being an idiot and take anything seriously? "Laughing doesn't make it a joke," he said.
Sherlock glanced at where his parents were watching from nearby, his mother grinning eagerly. He sighed. "Fine, but if I get sick it's your fault."
-----
"On or off?" John asks, gripping the edge of Sherlock's binder.
“I know,” Sherlock said, nodding. It was infuriating how understanding he was being.
Sherlock rolled onto his side to face John.
Sherlock had to move papers and books and notes about experiments off of his bed. He knocked it all onto the floor without a care. John lay down on his bed and motioned for him to join him.
“John!” Sherlock moaned loudly, unable to stay quiet. It all felt too good. He slid a hand down between them to stroke his own dick. Then he shuddered, his orgasm crashing into him suddenly.
John removes his underwear. Sherlock has never seen him completely naked up close like this. Sherlock studies him for a moment. John isn’t sure if he should feel shy under the intense stare. His cock is hard and a little thicker than Sherlock’s in comparison. John has never felt shy about his body in bed before and he doesn’t have to start now.
“I lied,” Sherlock confessed. He and John had been drinking alcohol all night, celebrating the case they had solved. He wasn’t drunk exactly but tipsy for sure.
"We can share these candies later tonight after dinner," John suggested. "I'll help you with your research and maybe we can make a break in the case. We can stay up all night if we have to."
"He's in the bathroom. He won't come out," Mycroft informed him. "He's having a panic attack."
“I’m not scared of you.”
All of a sudden John pulled him closer and they were kissing. John tasted sweet like the ice cream and chocolate. Sherlock wasn’t usually the biggest fan of sweets but right now he didn’t mind it. He was surprised by the kiss but unable to process it completely. His brain was too focused on kissing John back to question it. John’s lips on his, John’s arms around him, their bodies pressed together, it all felt so good.
"I haven't found a good case in days," Sherlock complains. "You've been busy with work and with pointless dates. Mycroft is wrapped up in some nonsensical governmental business that I couldn't care less about. I'm bored. You won't let me take anything to remedy it. So what am I to do?"
"You can't blame yourself."
“Right…” John nodded slowly, still feeling awfully stupid. “So you want to have sex with someone but you’re nervous?” He hoped that he was starting to understand what Sherlock was trying to tell him.
John grinned. “I think I can handle it. You’ve put me through worse.”
Sherlock nodded. "Yes, it is. Everything else seems to be accounted for."
“Say it,” John insisted again.
“John…”
"You can't go see her!" Sherlock exclaimed.
He relaxed against John, content to have John's strong arm wrapped around him beneath the blanket. He was warm and more at peace than he had been in such a long time. He didn't want that feeling to fade away.
Sherlock couldn't help but smile. "Thank you, John."
John raised an eyebrow. How did this man keep doing that? It was incredible. "Yes."
He was attracted to men which made him gay, but he was never a fan of labels for sexual orientation. Gender... sexuality... all of those things were so much more complex than these labels.
Sherlock could take a short break from the case if it meant keeping John away from Mary. "Doctors orders?"
"John... please..."
"Will you attend my parent's New Year gathering with me?"
John didn’t question him, just turned over onto his belly. Sherlock groped John’s ass with both hands. He was so perfect. Did he know how perfect he was?
“Was that… was it okay?” Sherlock asked when John finally pulled off of him. “I mean, did it feel good?”
