Dean smiled, despite the dragon-shaped hole in his chest. He’d missed his home.
“I need to know when Alastair will show up,” Missouri said. She grimaced. “Dean isn’t ready to fight. He probably won’t be for a while. I need you to tell me what you can about your king, if you’re willing. Dean can’t… We need to keep him safe as long as possible. Lawrence is not a weak city. We can hold off dragon attacks for several days, if it comes to that.”
Dean’s first time in a car. It would have been funny if the situation had been different.
” Sam demanded, kicking into gear as Dean’s powerful tail propelled him forward, shooting them both through the water. “
out to get one another.”
“It’s not fair, Cas,” Dean argued. “I won’t do that to you. You’re not a horse. Besides, I’m fine. I can grip your shoulders real tight anyway.”
To Dean’s dismay, he was moved around to Michael’s left side while Anna stayed on the right. She didn’t even look at him as they rejoined the circle. Thankfully, Michael’s hand stayed off of her. He didn’t touch Dean either, but that was okay, right?
that, you Goddamn asshole! I didn’t say a single Goddamn thing! You’re the one putting words in my mouth!”
“Well done today, Dean,” Castiel said, bringing Dean crashing out of his thoughts. “Thirty-three minutes is no time to laugh at.” Castiel nodded at the whiteboard where the boys’ times had been recorded in fading brown marker.
sharp, sharper than a normal human’s even in this form.
“Why not?” Castiel asked, though he sounded like he already kind of knew.
. It was the stupid doctor, with his stupidly fluffy hair and his stupid, disarming smile and his stupid, shining blue eyes. His stupid laugh, the stupid, gentle way he corrected Dean’s grammar or filled in a word he’d been fishing for. Damn him.
Castiel nodded understandingly, ignoring the pang of hurt in his chest. He deserved it. “That’s fine. I understand. If you’d like, we can take a break from flying altogether. For a while, I suppose. But… I really do think it will help us defeat Alastair. If you still mean to do it together, of course.”
Castiel shoved that thought as far away from himself as he could.
Dean could feel the pull of the tides calling to him, the whispering of the currents tugging at the edges of his fins. He rose from where he’d been resting from racing with Garth earlier, frowning at the caress of kelp strands along his torso and arms. The fish darted about, faster and more uneasy than usual. Something was going on.
what was his, take it and abuse it? How dare they attempt to steal the beautiful, glittering light out of Dean’s green eyes? How
Hence why Dean was here. Dean had thought that the opening show of an art gallery might be fun, but he hadn’t realized it would really just be a whole lot of standing around and socializing. Michael had ditched him the second they’d gotten here, muttering about how Dean couldn’t be with him when he went to talk to the mayor. Dean could see him now, chatting with a circle of people and making the mayor’s wife laugh very loudly.
Dean’s green eyes sparkled when he looked at Castiel, his whole demeanor changing as he realized he wasn’t in trouble. His hunched shoulders straightened, his forlorn puppy look disappearing almost immediately. “You aren’t mad?” he checked.
Dean stared into the darkness of the cave, wondering where Alastair was and if he was coming back. The dragon always made time for him, even if he was busy as the sole ruler of the dragons.
“Heya, Cas,” Dean replied. He looked up and smiled. “There was someone sitting in our usual spot, I figured this one would be fine.”
Dean nodded a little, shivering as he remembered the events of that morning. Right. The human in that uniform—
“What the fuck are you doing?” he snarled, causing all three humans to flinch. He eyed the horrific-looking metal tools the nurse was holding, his eyes heating unbearably. He knew they were glowing threateningly. In dragon form, smoke would have been pouring out of his mouth. “You’re
Castiel smiled at the prince, pleased that he had experienced that. “Sure, Dean. I hope for that as well. We will have to practice, though.”
No, he was
Dean had flattened himself belly-down to the tile, his hands clamped tight on his ears, eyes squeezed shut. Castiel’s knees gave out as he reached him. He was filled with relief so strong it was almost sickening as it flooded through his entire body. “Dean,” he choked out. “Dean, look at me.
“I’m gonna brush my teeth,” Dean muttered, walking over to the duffel on his side of the bed.
Dean put all his focus into swimming as hard as he could for the western seagrass plains. He may not be as quick as Garth and his marlin-tail, but he was still a fast motherfucker. He ate up miles like they were nothing. Dean was barely out of breath by the time he reached the plains, ripples of water and kelp settling in his wake. The massive seaweed forests had given way to a huge, open plateau of seagrass.
, Dean thought. Honestly, he was probably just making a big deal out of nothing. If he were a normal person, he’d be excited about going to dinner with his soulmate. He was fucked-up in the head, of course, but he could at least try to be better. Michael didn’t deserve Dean’s shit. Dean needed to be less selfish.
The dragon smiled and pulled Dean closer to his body, reveling in the way the human’s side fit against his front so well. When they were sleeping like this, Dean on his back and Castiel on his left side, the dragon’s wings and arms could curl tightly around the prince’s body like a pillow. Dean hadn’t complained yet, so Castiel had reason to believe he didn’t mind.
Dean must have been sleepier than he thought, because he lost time between when Castiel was carrying him and when he suddenly found himself flat on his back on their bed, his angel tucking him in. Dean hummed and reached for him, smiling as Castiel let him pull him back in. It never ceased to amaze Dean how a celestial being the size of a skyscraper let himself be moved around by something as small and insignificant as a human.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You aren’t leaving, right?” Dean asked, real anxiety in his eyes. There was a heartbreaking tightness to his voice that made Castiel pause, lean back to where he’d been before. He kissed Dean's shoulder gently, the skin warm and silky beneath his lips.
The fish were beginning to flow out of the net in earnest now. Apparently, Sam had gotten smart and had just started ripping one big tear along the bottom, releasing the majority of the creatures inside. That was great, except for one big problem: the dolphins.
He saw them widen, saw the moment they recognized who he was. A violent tremble ran through his entire body when that familiar, raspy voice said softly, “Hello, Dean.”
Castiel nodded. “You too. Thank you, Benny.”
Dean makes a soft, barely audible noise in his throat, high and helplessly frustrated. “Please touch me, sir.” He squirms a little as Castiel brings a hand up, tracing it over the baby soft skin of his chest and abdomen.
He turned off the Impala and sat there for a moment on the side of the road, resting his gaze on the pretty, modern, house before him. The trim was white, the paint a pleasing light gray, both colors just a little faded. Two years had been surprisingly kind to the house itself. The garden in front was, of course, perfect. Dean knew that the house’s owner wouldn’t dare let even the smallest weed remain alive for long. In a way, that made Dean feel better. It proved that even though so many other things had changed, Castiel hadn’t.
Castiel wondered if that was why Dean was so worried. He wondered what Dean had to be worried about.
That would be a lie, though.
Castiel watched as Missouri and Benny quickly began pressing ice into the areas of Dean’s body that would trap the most heat. The prince began to shiver almost immediately. Castiel had to restrain the urge to growl again.
“If they decide to attack again, I have faith in your fighting abilities if I am indisposed,” Castiel said. He gave Dean a small smile. “That was incredible, by the way.”
“Such a good boy,” Castiel says softly, watching the tremble run through Dean’s entire body at the praise. “I’m so lucky to have such a good, sweet boy. Thank you for your vulnerability, beloved.” Castiel leans down and kisses gently at the tip of Dean’s nose, smiling at the way his submissive tips his head up in search of more kisses.
Smiling at how well he knew his husband, Castiel kissed Dean’s temple and settled in. He’d have to talk to his brother tomorrow, even though he wasn’t really mad. Castiel didn’t mind that Dean was possessive. In fact, if anyone ever accused Castiel of actually
The breath was forced out of him as his back collided with Alastair’s. The Dragon King huffed in surprise, obviously caught off guard by the sudden weight of a human on his back. Dean could feel his wings wobble dangerously.
Dean put his hands up and gently tied the tie around Castiel’s neck. He was just as efficient as usual. Castiel looked at the refrigerator instead of his friend, unable to bear making eye contact with him.
“Get yer ass in a seat, Winchester,” Coach Singer said, still grumpy about how late they’d been.
,” Castiel practically spat. He made his decision and stalked over to the man’s unconscious body, yanking the keys off from the chain around his neck.
“We’re
Dean didn’t respond with anything more than a grumpy mumble.
as he unzipped his bag and hurriedly yanked out one of his hoodies. The idea of Dean wearing it, wearing
And maybe he did. Maybe no one else told him.
In the half-light of dawn, Dean must have seen him. “I’m not going to kill you, you dumbass,” the human panted, leaning against the wall. It seemed the action of dragging himself out of the nest, over to the back of the cave, and back while carrying weapons was tiring. Dean practically collapsed when he reached his destination at the far side of the nest, a few feet from the edge.
Dean was right there to help him out of the pool. He heaved Castiel out of the water, all warm skin and blinding teeth. “You dropped a whole second, Cas!” His green eyes were bright with excitement and pride. Castiel had the sudden urge to kiss him, but he roughly shoved it away.
This time, Dean easily joined him. Tomorrow, he’d take the cookies out, frost them, eat a couple, then pack them away. The cookies would stay in the corner of their pantry until Castiel eventually gave into his sugar cravings and ate all of them in one sitting. The duration of their stay wasn’t what mattered, though. It was that they were there at all. A plastic container of cookies could serve as a metaphor for a lot of things. For later. For next time.
Castiel tossed Dean onto the bed casually, pausing only to unlace his boots and toss them to the other side of the room. He watched as Dean began to shakily strip out of the shirt and sweats he’d been wearing, likely having thrown them on after he’d gotten out of the shower after work. Castiel’s combat fatigues joined his boots on the floor, closely followed by the clothes he’d been wearing underneath.
“Dean?”
“Dean, that’s pretty amazing,” Sam said. He was looking at Dean with faint awe too, now. “I thought Castiel had to, like, bribe you or something.”
, and weren’t they fucking done yet? He was tired of all this pain. He just wanted to get it over with. Couldn't they just kill him already? He wanted to die. The past year had been one of the best and worst of his life. He’d spent four months of hell with Alastair, and then eight of absolute heaven with Castiel. Now he was here, away from Castiel, alone, and hurting. He was done.
Part of him wanted to fight back. He wanted to demand that Michael come help them find a color, if he was so Goddamn smart. He wanted to tell his soulmate to fuck off. But that wasn’t right, and that wasn’t something a normal, functioning person would do. A normal person wouldn’t yell at their soulmate for having an opinion. Dean needed to shut up and stop being so self-centered.
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel said, his smile completely sincere. “Everyone has bad days. I’m glad you feel better. How are you feeling now? It’s okay if you’re not fully back.”
Castiel gave him a little smile, something unreadable shining in his blue eyes. “I appreciate that, Dean.” He squeezed Dean’s knee gently. “What do you think? Would you like to stay at my other home for the duration of your heat?”
Before Dean could try to think of a possible solution to the way his waistband was digging into his stomach, his phone buzzed. He pulled it out of his pocket to see a text from Michael, announcing that he was waiting and that Dean should hurry up.
Ishim blasted a ball of fire at Dean, and Castiel snapped.
“We should go flying today, if we can,” he said.
Dean responded by relaxing, opening his perfectly bowed legs to allow Castiel access. Castiel kissed him gently as a thanks and a reward, using his lubed-up finger to tentatively circle Dean’s hole. Dean groaned softly against him, panting. “Can I... Can I touch you?” Dean looked up, eyes wide and pleading, cheeks flushed and beautiful. “Please?”
“Listen, fucker, I’ll—” Dean stopped, blinking as he turned and saw that the person beside him wasn’t a stranger. “Cas? What the hell are you doing here?”
“The sundial? We don’t have a sundial in the-holy shit. This is my room.” Dean sat up even more. He hadn’t really noticed before, too focused on his sore muscles and the dragon next to him.
this, that they were somehow going to beat these impossible odds. Castiel didn’t want to think like that. Not yet.
Benny winced. “Well, it’s the morning after that whole clusterfuck. I’m fairly sure you remember everything up until Castiel appeared?”
“That’s, uh… That’s okay. I get it,” Dean said. Without thinking, he frowned and asked, “What’s
Also, a tribute to the beautiful Idaho sunsets. I used to live in Eagle, and I remember looking up at the sky and being absolutely awed by the majestic beauty of all those colors. Yes, there was green. There was also yellow and pink and purple and deep, deep blue, and everything in between.
He expected Castiel to get angry, to rise to the bait like he’d done so many times in the past. Dean could sense the air of an approaching argument, and not the good kind, either. It was the kind of fight that left the walls of the cave ringing for minutes afterward. Or, Dean supposed, in this case it would be the infirmary instead of the cave.
It was small and surprisingly hefty, colored a pleasing emerald green with a golden ribbon tied in a neat bow on top. The little white box near the top right of the lid read: ‘To Castiel, From Dean,’ in that same Goddamn handwriting. Dean swore he’d seen it before, but maybe that was just because he was so upset that it was
“What happened?” Castiel demanded, cutting him off. “Dean, this looks
. The pain was building to a screaming crescendo in his head. Dean tried to fight it down, panic rushing through him as he felt the agony starting to crowd in, starting to fray the edges of his sanity.
Luke’s smile turned razor sharp. “I
he wanted to watch them. Castiel didn’t understand, but he also didn’t mind.
Dean didn’t answer to that. He resisted the urge to put a hand up to cover his neck, the stinging of his gills reminding him that any touching might lead to more pain. Dean was pretty sure he was done with pain in his gills for the rest of his life.
“Aliens?” Castiel tried.
Missouri seemed to come back to life first. She stepped forward and stuck something into the prince’s arm, prompting a little jerk to go through Dean’s body. Other than that involuntary reaction, he didn’t seem to notice. His eyes were fixed wholly on Castiel’s face. The dragon gave him as reassuring of a smile as he could manage, forcing himself to act like nothing was wrong. “Yes, Dean?”
Dean wondered if that had changed, now. He looked in the mirror and wondered if his shoulders really were too broad. He’d gotten over the bow in his legs a long time ago. Too long in grade school, with kids who’d joked about him being born to spread his legs and take it up the ass, had hardened him to those kinds of remarks. And his stomach…
anything from Castiel… He just didn’t want his friend to worry, that was all. Besides, it was still cold outside. Dean tugged the sleeves of his shirt down, hesitated, then went back into the bedroom again to throw on a hoodie for good measure.
, Dean had said quietly, looking almost embarrassed.
That was where they were now. All of the supplies Castiel had deemed necessary to bring from his main cave had been dragged here in the dead of night. They lay at the back of the cave, piled in nondescript boxes and containers.
Dean could do nothing but grin. “That sounds fucking awesome. When do we start?"
“The Demons,” Castel snarled. “Purgatory is closed, they would have—”
Dean went to bed early. Castiel argued with him for a good ten minutes about doing the dishes, resorting to physically pushing his still-weak friend away from the sink so he could get some rest instead of trying to clean. Once Dean was safely in bed, Castiel cleaned up the kitchen and the living room.
Castiel chuckled, chewing his own burger and nodding in agreement. “This makes me... very happy.” He nodded at Dean’s little box. “Try the fries. They’re good dipped in the sauce.”
That seemed to be good enough for Dean. He relaxed into the bed, finally. His green eyes fluttered shut, his shaky breathing evening out somewhat. For a moment, there was only silence.
“We’re going to fuck?” Castiel repeated. “Not for lack of want, Dean, but I haven’t even brushed my t—”
Dean hummed as he bit into the brownie-cookie-thing. Whatever the fuck it was—because there was no way in hell he was gonna call it a ‘brookie’—it tasted fucking amazing. “This is really good, Cas.”
“Bye, Sammy,” Dean said, smiling.
The room was neat and clean, the window slightly cracked, the books on the table stacked nicely. The whiteboard on the far wall was still wiped clean of everything save for a single massive word.
He said, “I don’t know.”
Dean nodded, green eyes still wide with arousal and that trusting look that Castiel was pretty sure he could get drunk on. There was something primally satisfying about having Dean, his powerful, strong, beautiful Dean, coming apart beneath him.
“I’m sorry,” Dean offered, still unsure of the situation.
“A little bit,” Castiel said. He swallowed, praying Sam wouldn’t ask too many questions. “What about… abuse cases? Are there… Have there been any abuse cases? Between soulmates?”
Dean touched the wall with both hands, coming up to pull his goggles off his face. He beamed at Castiel and Benny, accepting a fist bump from the blond senior. “What do you think?” he asked Castiel. “Finally converted from backstroke a few years ago. Figured it was time to try something new, and I guess fly was for me.”
Dean put his phone away and realized Castiel was nudging him toward the checkout line. Muttering an apology, he took control of the cart and headed in the direction they’d been going. “Sorry, Cas.”
He fumbled his way through the medical kit, fingers trembling as he gently cleaned the cuts and burns on Dean’s torso. His face, luckily, seemed fairly untouched. There was a small nick on his left cheekbone, which Castiel lightly dabbed ointment on. He couldn’t do much for Dean’s neck, not with the collar in the way. The thought of how many times Alastair must have shocked him made Castiel sick with rage.
Sam recovered before Castiel, smiling and shaking his head. “Nothing,” he said, hand leaving Castiel’s shoulder to pat Dean’s. “C’mon, jerk. Let’s go see how much trouble we’re gonna get into.”
“Yeah, the dragon bodies,” Bobby replied, wincing. “They’re massive. And there’s five of ‘em. We managed to kill ‘em with with catapults and such, but we didn’t account for how to actually get ‘em
this was happening. It was a fever dream, it had to be.
He drifted off to sleep again in the nest. The next time he woke up, the sun was peeking through the window of the bedroom. Castiel had somehow managed to toss Dean’s bee to the other side of the nest and was now cradling a pillow to his chest, which was admittedly more Omega-sized than a small stuffed animal.
believed in
He found the table with food and refreshments eventually. There were glasses of water, but they were all accompanied by a horrible taste of lemon zest. Dean gagged accidentally when he took his first gulp. He was glad that no one really heard it.
“Yeah,” Dean panted, hips rocking back ever so slightly. “C’mon, Cas, give it to me.”
, could ever compare to the pure fear that arced through his bloodstream when he felt Dean fall from his place between his shoulders.
That was answered in the next few seconds.
“I don’t care about that,” Michael said sharply. “That is not a concern for me. No, I told you that before.” He paused, listening with a frown on his handsome face. “Well then give it to her, Zachariah! Naomi is a very important client to me. What she wants, she gets. Especially in this situation.”
“Cas?” Dean asked, voice high pitched with shock.
They go to breakfast at a diner. Sometimes the food is good, sometimes it’s bad. Even though he’s forty and he has beautiful smile lines beginning to crinkle his eyes, Dean still manages to garner the attention of nearly all the young women—and sometimes young men, too—in the diner. It will never stop firing up Castiel’s possessive instinct, but he’s learned to deal with that. Dean will never not be beautiful and magnetic. That’s just how he is, how his soul was made. All Castiel can do is know that Dean is receiving the attention he deserves, but also comfort himself with the fact that at the end of the day, Dean is
For what had to be the fiftieth time that night—but was only the fourteenth, if he remembered correctly—Castiel highlighted everything in his writing document and deleted it. He knew it was a bad habit, and he felt guilty about deleting work that he’d been told multiple times to save, but he couldn’t help it. He was feeling restless and frustrated tonight. His writing reflected it.
, Castiel’s brain whispered to the absent Dean,
. He stopped himself, though. He knew how suspicious that would look. As much as it had been a dishonor for Castiel to be associated with a human, it was just as bad for a human to be associated with a dragon.
Castiel wasn’t even sure how Gadreel was still alive. He might not be. Eight months at the hands of the Demons was enough to break one of the strongest men Castiel had ever known, apparently. It was as terrifying as it was tragic.
Dean had just returned home from working at the diner when he heard the sound of one of his windows being opened. He tensed for three seconds before he looked up and recognized who it was.
Dean thanked them, feeling a little relieved as he began to taxi himself to A6, which they’d indicated. He followed the yellow-painted lines to the hangar bay waiting for him, nodding at the groundmen as he came in. Now he just needed to get through postflight checks and the paperwork needed to send this plane back to the carrier tomorrow morning, and then he’d be finished. Then he could go
Castiel makes a confused noise behind him. “Dean?”
“Three... fours?”
“Same place we always do,” Gabe replied. He hesitated, then said, “We can burn Luke.”
One of the guards, a burly red-headed man, nodded. “Ye, that’s ‘ow I remember it from ma schoolin’. Bastards betrayed their king like tha’.” He snapped his fingers to emphasize the suddenness.
Right?
“Mars is a nearby planet,” Castiel explained. “Like the Moon, except bigger and not completely visible without a telescope.” Castiel paused, then smiled a little, speaking before Dean could ask. “A telescope is like a long tube with mirrors in it to make the things seen through it bigger.”
“Maybe I will!” Castiel spat, angry at Dean’s assumption that he wanted to just have meaningless sex with someone he didn’t know.
Castiel could have said a million things.
“Shit,” Dean breathed, looking down at the clipboard he was supposed to be recording times on.
The Prince of Lawrence shifted again, then froze as he heard the telltale thump of talons on stone, announcing the landing of a dragon just outside the entrance of the cave.
“The fish is fucking pitching a fit!” the security guard spat. The lights of the ceiling shone brightly on his bald head. He glared hatefully at Dean. “Fucking disrespectful piece of
regretting this? What if—
Everything had been violently scribbled through, save for the title and the last word. Castiel and Dean stared down at the list with wide eyes, silent for whole minutes before Dean looked up and asked, “Who’re you trying to court, Clyde? I didn’t know ghosts could even—”
, not a summer house on th—oh, for God’s sake,” Castiel groaned. He shook his head. Dean read the faint amusement on his face and smiled despite the drying tear tracks on his face. “I don’t have
“Dean, it’s okay,” Castiel tried.
“Thought you were going to fuck me,” Dean said, even as he obeyed and sat up. He looked confused but still aroused, his eyes glued to Castiel’s leaking dick.
” Sam cried. “
Part of Dean, the man that had been raised by John Winchester, fought vehemently against this. His brain told him to shove Castiel away, to panic about the soft press of Castiel’s bare lower half against Dean’s hip. It told him that he was disgusting and wrong and perverted, that even if this wasn’t a direct flouting of the rules of nature, Dean didn’t deserve it.
them, without even knowing it.
Dean wasn’t gonna last
“Cas is good,” he echoed, looking at the human for as long as he dared. When he had to look away, he did, turning his head to the white wall. The movement pulled on the tape of the pad stuck to his neck, reminding him of the stinging cuts that lay beneath.
Castiel nodded, beginning to unstrap his armor. He yanked off his breastplate, wincing in pain as he tossed it to the side. His back was an expanse of fire and agony. Every movement sent jolts of pain through his entire body. When he moved too fast, he had to pause and wait out the waves of nausea that threatened to overtake him.
had said. It left Dean’s limbs shaky and weak.
“Shh,” Dean hummed, shaking his head. “Feel good. No talkin’.”
Dean’s chest twisted, hurt clawing at the insides. Oh. It… was? That must be nice, he supposed. Poor Cas. He just wanted some Goddamn peace and quiet. He was probably glad Dean was leaving. He probably wished Dean would do it more.
Dean finished half the sandwich and started on the second half, surprised at how hungry he was. The food was making him feel better, too. The turbulent maelstrom of emotions he’d woken up to now felt way calmer and easy to control.
I get an Alpha like you. Better you than anyone else.”
. Maybe this secret admirer was just the kind of person Castiel deserved to settle down with. Much better than anything Dean could hope to be.
“I told you to be quiet,” Michael snapped. “Listen to me.”
Something clanged loudly, and Castiel broke into a run.
“It’s not even that
When he slapped his hands on the wall and raised his head above the water, muscles burning, lungs greedily gasping in air, the only thing he could think to do was look at the scoreboard.
“‘S Long as it isn’t
Dean watched him, tense and unmoving. He narrowed his eyes as Castiel yanked something out of one of the boxes, then relaxed slightly as he saw it was a thick woolen jacket. The prince watched as the dragon stuffed his arms into the second coat, which was longer and colored a tan, earthy tone instead of gray.
“This is one of the only years it fell during your birthday,” Dean said, smiling. “I had to take the opportunity, Cas. I know you’ve always wanted to go, but it’s always during school and you’ve never had a reason. Well, this is your reason.” He nodded between them. “Pop the glove box. The tickets are in there.”
Castiel blinked, recognizing that nickname as his own. His
It had been
are not a hardship.” Even as he said it, his chest was twisting with an equal amount of sympathy for his friend and rage at whomever had ever made Dean feel unwanted.
sure they’re all full. Like I said, there’s a bunch of star-watchin’ folks in town right now.”
Fortunately, Castiel didn’t seem too upset that they were gone.
“Jimmy,” the Alpha responded, surprising Dean for all of a second. The Omega narrowed his eyes. The Alpha had said it way too easily. It seemed he was aware of that, too. He watched Dean as he backed up into the living room with his sandwich. Dean snorted at the obvious lie.
The human instead focused on running and training in the forest, now that he knew he wasn’t in danger of being attacked by angry villagers. He did pull-ups on trees and lifted logs and rocks that he found, running for miles around the lake at a speed that Sammy would be proud of. Slowly, Dean regained the muscle mass he’d lost in Alastair’s cave.
Dean shrugged. “Comes with a price. First time I used my voice, I brought down a yacht with women and children on board. I could only save half of them. Didn’t mean to, I just...
if maybe whoever
Castiel turns to his hunter and gives him a soft smile. “Of course, beloved.” His mind is already racing, flying through the endless possibilities of what they could do. He looks Dean in his shy green eyes and reads what his soul is telling him, what Dean is silently asking for.
“In half a season?” a familiar gravelly voice asked, just over Dean’s shoulder. Dean jumped a little, realizing that the warm spot on his left shoulder was from his skin’s proximity to Castiel’s toned chest. Castiel wasn’t looking at him, thankfully. He was frowning challengingly at Cam. “You couldn’t.”
“He’s good, yeah. His plane came in from Anacortes at seventeen hundred yesterday,” Dean replied, squinting at the sections of chocolate he’d set out to soften on the windowsill. Castiel had come home from a three-month training leave in Texas. He was back in Washington for a solid four weeks.
“Dean, what the fuck?” his little brother interrupted, voice going from calmly conversational to righteously pissed in about two seconds.
And Dean… Dean was so beautiful and so good at interacting with everyone. He could save Castiel from even the most awkward conversation with a simple smile and a wink. He managed to make every exchange work out, whether it was with a flirty freshman girl or a grumpy old man. Castiel often stood back and admired him when they were in a setting that required a lot of interaction.
“Such a good boy,” Castiel praises, listening as Dean whimpers. “Such a good boy for me. So obedient, so beautiful. You’re so perfect, beloved. The most gorgeous thing I’ve ever seen.”
,” Castiel snapped, knowing Gabriel was just going to ask Dean once he left anyway. “Give me the damned paper.”
“I don’t know. I think… I think he sent that text, too. The one telling you to come back.” Castiel shook his head, trying to piece everything together. He frowned down at the list again, then looked back up at the ceiling. “Clyde? Could we get some help?”
Dean glanced around at the familiar trees and trail, knowing he would reach the city walls soon. He wished Castiel could be there, wished the dragon could see the castle and the people and the city. He’d probably be so interested in everything, might tilt his head in that adorable way of his, attempting to configure all the new information in his head. Dean wished the dragon was just
Something soft brushed against Dean’s wrists and he cried out in fear, his already-closed eyes squeezing tighter as he braced for agony.
Everything Castiel had seen and heard, whether directly from Dean or from Dean’s recollections, rubbed Castiel the wrong way. He tried not to let it get to him, since there was a very real chance that he was simply allowing his jealousy to cloud his judgement, but he disliked almost everything he heard about the man. Dean always talked about him in a positive light, but sometimes it almost seemed like he was trying to convince Castiel that Michael was nice instead of just saying it. Castiel wondered, in the dark hours of the night when his thoughts were more authentic and honest, if Dean was really just trying to convince himself.
, though, so Dean never had the chance to hope for him to accidentally kill him. No matter how much filth Dean spewed about his brothers, he never managed to get the dragon riled up. Alastair was precise and intentional with each cut he made, each burn and bruise and broken bone he inflicted on Dean.
Castiel beamed. “Wonderful, I’m so glad you like it. I’ll have to tell Gabriel that it’s a definite addition to the bakery’s display.”
big Alastair was until he saw him next to Castiel. The black dragon wasn’t exactly small, but Alastair made him look like a fledgling.
“You’re a waste of life,” Michael snarled. “I’m ashamed to bear the same Soul Mark as you.”
he wasn’t going to be able to get out of. As hard as he tried to thrash, the impossibly heavy weight of a full-grown Alpha on top of him was too much.
going to get it when he got home.
“You’re gonna keep them?” he asked. He turned away before Castiel could catch whatever was on his face, reaching up to put the spices away in their cupboard. Castiel took a moment to admire the strong cut of Dean’s shoulder muscles before he responded.
. That was why they were in this fucking mess in the first place!
Dean didn’t even jerk in surprise when Castiel appeared. He didn’t look up, either. Frowning in concern, Castiel knelt down next to him and put a hand on his shoulder. “Dean?”
Even now, he couldn’t escape. Sure, the cave was wide open and the dragon had left him alone, but Dean had no idea where he was. He had no idea what the landscape was like. He was too weak to really sit up for more than a few minutes at a time. He was wearing scraps of clothing that would do nothing against the frigid chill of winter. If he attempted to escape now, he would surely perish.
Dean abruptly dropped the book as the pages started flying, flipping wildly through until they reached the very end. There, scribbled in dark ink in handwriting that definitely wasn’t Dean’s, a list had been made.
Castiel hesitated, then nodded. “Yes. A village a few miles east. Why?”
He headed for the largest establishment in the village, ignoring the stares of people he passed. He knew he cut a terrifying figure, weapons and burns and all.
They continued driving for a long time. Castiel bought them dinner again, and that was where Dean was introduced to something that he was going to
“You gotta light the end, Cas,” Dean said over the noise. He laughed at his friend’s confused face. “Here, like this.”
go to Michael’s party. His soulmate had bought him an expensive suit and everything. And besides, this was Dean’s
when interacting with humans. It was sort of tiring, if he was being honest.
Dean smacked him. “Fucking sap.” Castiel pretended to be hurt for four seconds before he couldn’t handle it and just pulled Dean closer. They sat in silence for a moment, until a few moments later. Dean huffed, looking from the stars to Castiel, something shy on his face. “I’ll never stop loving you either.”
Anna’s wings wilted a little. “So you
Castiel released Dean’s hands and threw his arms around his shoulders. Dean grunted, startled, as he was drawn in close to his friend’s muscular chest. Castiel immediately tucked Dean’s head under his chin, arms squeezing tight.
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean said quietly, setting his half-eaten sandwich triangle down. “I know I ain’t always the easiest to deal with, but… uh, you… you always know how to make me feel better. So, uh, yeah. Thanks.”
He felt Castiel’s presence everywhere he went, but it had been especially strong in the past few weeks, and it was the strongest it had ever been right now. He felt like a compass, always pointing to north no matter what direction he was spun or what place he was in. He always knew exactly how far away Snow River, Washington was. He always knew exactly how long it would take to drive from wherever he was to Cas. To safety. To salvation.
Dean found Michael standing in a circle of people he recognized but didn’t know. The only one he really knew the name of was the red-haired woman standing to Michael’s right. Anna Milton was wearing a gorgeous floor-length silver gown. It was backless, only some gauze across her shoulders keeping the top of it up. Dean blinked at Michael’s hand, which was planted firmly on Anna’s lower back.
Castiel laughed, pulling his goggles into place. “Alright. For you.” Dean wasn’t sure if he winked or not, couldn’t tell from behind Castiel’s mirrored goggles and his own tinted ones, but he swore...
The only difference, Cas supposed, was found in the two angels. Because where he was thrilled to see his beloved human so open and happy and trusting, his younger counterpart paid Dean no mind. He was cold and careless, just as Cas had been more than a decade ago. This Castiel hadn’t learned to treasure Dean’s smile yet. He hadn’t learned to love Dean yet.
“No, Benny,” Dean bit out. He felt a little guilty for his harshness, but he was too busy being angry at his father to care. He glared at John, who was still practically exploding with rage. “You can’t just condemn a species you know nothing about! This war is pointless. It’s fought between two sides who each think the other is the monster. Well guess what? It’s never gonna end at this rate! We’ll all just keep dying and killing each other and destroying until there’s nothing left. Castiel knew that! He knew that even before I did! He fucking saved my ass, Dad! Where the hell were you?”
Dean’s knees easily found their normal spot at the juncture of Castiel’s shoulders and neck. The dragon lifted fluidly, Dean rising with him without a hiccup. It was truly amazing, how smoothly they flowed together.
“Go, Cas,” Dean said above him.
Castiel was sleeping by Dean’s side again, arms wrapped tightly around him. This time around, he had bandages wrapped tightly around his bare torso. There were some on his wings, too. The left wing as folded neatly behind Castiel, who was laying on his side. His right wing was carefully draped across Dean’s body, as if someone had kindly arranged them that way when they had both been unconscious. Castiel’s left cheek rested on Dean’s right shoulder, his face calm and peaceful in sleep.
opinion was on the suit. Before he’d had anyone’s input, even Jo’s, he’d thought he looked nice. His hair needed to be done, of course. Gelled down, maybe. He probably could have worn a tie, too. Something neat and subtle. But he looked… nice. He looked well put together. Like someone who he’d be proud to be.
Outside the doorway, the hallways were in complete chaos. Servants and guards alike were running around, somehow managing to avoid collision by mere inches. There was a messenger boy standing in front of Dean, wearing half-attached armor. Dean absently reached forward and fastened his breastplate correctly. “He’s here, isn’t he?”
Castiel shushed him gently, frowning as he turned Dean’s head gently from side to side. Dean resisted the urge to close his eyes and enjoy the soft touch, brain sluggishly processing Castiel’s order. He wanted to see Dean’s eyes, though Dean couldn’t fathom why. All he knew was that he was getting a real nice view of Castiel’s face. Even though his eyes were full of worry, they were still a beautiful blue.
“Ten minutes,” the interrupting friend in question said, impressed. “That’s a huge gap. You’re tellin’ me you finished that set in five minutes?”
~>>>~
Castiel raised an eyebrow, something hot curling in his gut. “Okay?” he asked. “Like this.” He pressed his hand against the small of Dean’s back, marveling at how slim Dean’s waist was. His hand spanned about half the width of it. Dean’s skin was smooth and soft and warm under the water, like silk. Castiel’s hands, calloused from weight lifting and life in general, scraped gently along the surface as he applied a little pressure, directing Dean’s hips out and his back into more of a sinuous arc.
Sam looked concerned. Castiel didn’t blame him. That sick feeling in his stomach wasn’t going away. If anything, it was getting worse. Castiel thought of how Dean’s shoulders curved inward, how he ducked sometimes when Castiel reached for him.
~>>>~
won. But he understood his fellow dragons’ hatred.
“You’d better know how to behave when I next see you,” Michael said when Dean handed him the shoes.
He turned so his back was to Dean, facing the wall of the motel. He didn’t want to know if Dean had sensed that movement. He didn’t want to know what Dean was thinking. He didn’t want to know if it was his own stupid, selfish hope or if it had been real, actual longing in Dean’s green eyes when he’d seen Castiel pulling the pillows out from beneath the sheets.
Dean ended up sleeping through the night. At some point, long after the sun had dropped below the tree line, Castiel curled up on the far side of the nest in human form and fell asleep as well.
“So you retrieved him successfully. That was you, too?” Anna asked, eyebrows rising slightly in surprise.
Dean swallowed, wondering if he should tell her that his mother was dead. He decided against it. It wasn’t the kind of thing to just
Dean still wakes up, still grumps around, still drinks an ungodly amount of caffeine. The unspoken rule is that Jack isn’t allowed on hunts, because while he has responsibilities and the power to level continents, he’s still a child and he deserves to experience life as one. Besides, the monsters are disappearing, becoming weaker and weaker as the hunters of the world slowly weed them out, so there isn’t as much need for heavy-duty cavalry. Typically, Sam doesn’t even join them in the field anymore, just helps with the research and stays back at the Bunker with Eileen.
“I’m ready,” Dean replied. His voice was firm and confident. Unwavering. The voice of a king. “Let’s go kick some dragon ass.”
Vanilla extract, eggs, butter, sugar. Dean winced at the initial noise the hand mixer made, but after a few minutes of it whirring away at the eggs in the bowl, he figured he was safe from waking his husband up. Into the bowl the wet ingredients went. Dean mixed them for as long as his baker’s intuition directed, then slowly began to add in the dry, powdery ingredients. The hand mixer started getting choppy as the last cups of flour made it into the bowl, but Dean forced the little machine into the mixture as best he could and combined it until it was ready.
As one, everyone standing on the boat turned to look at the bow. Castiel’s eyes widened at what they saw there, his breath catching painfully in his throat.
“Whoops,” Alastair muttered. A sweet-sour scent reached Castiel’s nose, prompting him to stand and look over the merman’s sleeping form at what his new partner was doing.
, Dean had said. Castiel smiled at the memory. He didn’t know what that revelation made them, what it meant for the future, but he was glad that it had been said. He was glad he’d taken the leap and just admitted his own feelings. Somewhere, down deep inside himself, he’d known that Dean wouldn’t turn his back even if he didn’t return the sentiment.
Before Castiel could ask anything about it, Dean turned and jumped back into the water. Castiel jumped in too, deciding to forget about it. He moved to the side so he could get a better vantage point to watch Dean start. When Dean was ready, Castiel called out the different commands, then made a ridiculous buzzing noise to imitate a horn in a real meet. Dean rocketed off the wall, back arching a little more.
Maybe.
Castiel stayed on the couch, calming himself down and thinking, for another two hours. Dean woke up near noon again, sleepy, cheeks pink with warmth and the remaining virus in his system. He looked adorable. He promptly sat down right next to Castiel, yawned, and asked him what was for breakfast.
“I should take a picture,” Cam hissed over the sound of the bus engine.
Dean looked up, frowning at the box Castiel was holding. It looked fancy, like one of the ones from one of the student stores on campus. Dean put down the tool he’d been using to clean the burners of the stove and walked over, taking the box from Castiel to inspect it.
Castiel was running warm water when Dean got to the bathroom. The angel turned and regarded Dean with soft blue eyes when he entered. “I wanted to get you a bath, but I didn’t think that would be very enjoyable.” He looked Dean up and down, taking in the mud caked onto almost every inch of him. “I believe the water would be filthy before we even began. I hope this is alright.”
Castiel saw the invitation for what it was, diving forward to capture a section of skin between his lips. He sucked,
Castiel closed his eyes and squeezed his hunter against him, reveling in his ability to do that. He felt like he could get drunk on all the things he was
Out of the two of them, Castiel had way more money. Dean insisted on paying for half the rent, even though he knew Castiel could likely afford double what they both paid every month. And Castiel’s upbringing meant he’d had a cook, which translated to absolutely zero cooking skills and a desire for the best organic food in the store.
“We can always sleep
“It was my fault, don’t apologize,” Castiel said, shaking his head. “How long has it been since you’ve woken? I left when you were still asleep.”
Castiel huffed, smoke rising in the air, and then turned and carried Dean away from the lake. The torch they’d taken from the dead bodies was still burning inside the cave. Castiel stomped it out as he passed.
“They found it very interesting,” Castiel replied, tossing his apple core into the bag Dean used to store his green waste. It landed neatly inside, a perfect toss. “They aren’t concerned for your safety, though I am. The presence of not one, but two Prince brothers cannot be anything but trouble. Unfortunately, my brothers seem to think your position and the potential of the information you might produce is more valuable than your safety.” Almost to himself, Castiel muttered, “I disagree.”
Castiel came back with a plate of food. There was a sandwich, neatly cut in half, and some pieces of sliced fruit. There was also what looked like a chocolate-chip cookie cut into a square, which Dean assumed was what Castiel had been baking the night before. His friend settled himself on the couch and set the plate in Dean’s lap. He put a hand in the middle of Dean’s upper back right after, doing a slow, soothing stroke down and then up.
In a few minutes, the fire had grown large enough to start eating bigger logs. Dean sat back with an exhausted huff of breath, Castiel staring at the fire with growing amazement.
“So why did you assume that?” Dean asked, looking Castiel in the eyes with something that looked shockingly like a challenge. “What did you think he had to apologize for, Cas?”
“It never should have been taken from you in the first place,” Castiel said firmly. He reached around Dean’s neck with the keys and found the lock, jamming the little piece of metal inside. As he jiggled the key around, impatiently trying to turn it, the final explosion rocked through the building. It was so close and so powerful that Castiel felt it in his chest. He gave a soft grunt of victory as the key turned.
“I like to think that everything happens for a reason,” Castiel said, smiling. “I believe we still would have been friends. We were always meant to meet.”
Dean held his breath, watching the consideration in those electric blue eyes. After a moment, Castiel knelt and offered his neck again.
In a moment, Dean would have to rearrange the suit on the hangers it had come in. In a moment, he’d have to adjust his shirt and his smile and walk out of the changing room like nothing had happened. In a moment, he’d have to go face Jo, and then he’d have to face Michael, which would be a thousand times harder. In a moment, he’d have to put his mask back on and pretend.
Castiel sat like an idiot, unable to figure out what to do. He wanted to get up and get Dean something to eat, but he knew Dean probably wasn’t going to be able to stomach food right now. He didn’t want to leave Dean for very long, anyway. Turning on the TV felt like he was dismissing whatever Dean might be struggling with, but the silence felt like it was choking him.
The man that was being publicly executed was
“Of course not,” Castiel choked out, voice breaking softly. “I have it right here.”
instead of earlier, when Dean had no idea how to fly and they didn’t trust each other yet. Here, now, they worked like a well-oiled catapult.
They sat on the couch for a good ten minutes, Castiel patiently encouraging Dean to drink his bottle of water. Dean’s breathing and heartbeat finally slowed to normal levels, though his hands remained uncontrollably shaky. That was normal, after panic attacks. He was also really tired, which happened too.
Michael was standing next to it on his phone. When Dean walked up, he didn’t even acknowledge him for a moment, his focus entirely on whatever sort of business call he must be having. Dean waited anxiously beside him, trying not to fidget as he stared at the ducks floating around on the water of the nearby lake.
*Screams* LOOK AT P1013's ART! LOOK AT IT! It's so cuuuuute... XD
It nearly brought Dean to his knees, how badly he wanted that.
sunk.”
Of course he had. “There’s half a pig’s worth of bacon here, Dean. What were you doing in the freezer?” Castiel was still half-asleep, but that didn’t stop him from being razor-sharp. Sometimes Dean cursed his roommate’s intelligence, and this was one of those times.
Castiel grunted, pulling Dean in, if only to wrap his arms around him to keep him from struggling. “Gabe told you that you were damaging government property because you got possessive last night?” he asked, eyebrow rising. Something warm had begun to stir in his gut, the beginnings of the raging arousal from before that had been killed by the mention of his brother.
There was a pause. Then, “I… I understand, Cas,” Dean whispered, voice breaking halfway through.
Missouri was leading them purposefully through the halls, past flocks of shocked, terrified servants and maids. “We’re going to the infirmary. It’s at the end of the hall,” she explained, voice tense and frightened. Her pace increased slightly as a large door came into view.
“What
. He’d sounded so
Also, an important note: I remember that someone said something earlier about wanting to see the boys get more... intimate. I seriously would love that too, but the problem is, I cannot (and definitely should not) write smut. I'm really bad at it, try as I might. I would totally put it in (not a LOT, but enough) if I could, but, uh, I can't. Sorry. :( If that's what you're here for... you might want to leave. Or stay for the fluffy parts, I don't know.
“Do you feel better?” Castiel asked, pulling away slightly. Dean peeled his face from where he’d shoved it underneath Castiel’s jaw, his skin feeling overheated and slightly unpleasant because of how wet his cheeks still were.
it was his fault those three people had died. His fault, and his alone.
happy, which made it even better. Dean loved cooking for the same reason. He liked to use his hands to do things that brought smiles to people’s faces. There was nothing like seeing his clients’ expressions when he returned their gorgeous car to them, good as new.
He knew he was being an asshole, but he didn’t care. He’d gone through enough in the past few weeks, he figured he deserved to mope a little bit. He’d been completely numb throughout John’s three-hour lecture after the last meet. Once he’d gone to bed, he’d just laid there for a few hours, tears leaking out of his eyes. He didn’t know
Crap. Right. The castle.
“You too, Cam,” Dean replied, laughing and rubbing the burning spot on his back simultaneously. “Didn’t you drop time from yours?”
He glared at Castiel, and he could tell there was real fury in his eyes. The dragon’s face shifted, his wings rising in defense. He
“How do you feel?”
~>>>~
The heart-shaped stone he found in his backpack the next week didn’t help anything.
The doctor tried not to look at the angry burns that ran in a ring along the base of Dean’s throat as he got close. He lifted the merman into his arms, grunting slightly at the weight. Dean wasn’t light, and his tail was practically solid muscle.
warm in their apartment now.
“Fuck you,” Dean replied simply.
“Dean, no,” Castiel said. A warm hand tugged lightly on Dean’s shoulder, pulling him around so he could see his friend’s face. “That wasn’t what I meant.” He looked a little frustrated. “I shouldn’t have worded it in such a way. I dislike the quiet. It feels unnatural. I write to distract myself. I much prefer it when you’re around.”
Dean’s eyes widened as the cabinet slid
“Okay,” his beautiful, obedient hunter whispers. “Uh, c-can we, uh… T-Two? Please? But sir, can I… Can, uh…” He trails off, swallowing, and Castiel can practically
“Yeah,” Dean said.
Dean finished their breakfast and plated it, handing one to Castiel and taking the other to his room once he’d washed the dishes. He wasn’t sure he would be able to handle being in the same room as Castiel right now, especially with how relaxed and content he looked. Dean set his breakfast down on his bedside table and halfheartedly took out his notebook, adding
“Wouldn’t you want to stay out of the air with a storm coming?” Dean asked, incredulous. “There’s like, lightning and stuff.”
Dean felt guilt run through him like a tidal wave, lacing shameful undertones to the terror flooding his veins. Gods, why had he
Outside, it was spitting rain. Dean was soaked through within a few minutes of stomping through the gathering darkness. With the dark clouds overhead, evening was approaching fast.
Dean shrugged, rubbing the back of his neck. “That’s fine, Cas. I’ll just… Well, I’ll just… I’ll just have to learn to put my trust in you again.”
He shut the thoughts down a few seconds later. Shame and self-hatred soon replaced them. Why couldn’t he just enjoy being with Michael? Why did he have to go and fuck up the simplest things?
The dragon turned, hefting Dean in his arms like the human weighed nothing. He walked across the floor of Alastair’s cave, carrying Dean away from the place he’d slept and cried and bled in for months and months. The dragon carried him confidently to the entrance of the cave, past the threshold where the rock had stopped him that one time. He carried him
And then he was off, planning dinner like he usually did. Castiel watched Dean begin to move around the kitchen, searching out appliances and ingredients as he began his quest to cook parmesan chicken. For a relatively large human being, he navigated the small space with ease and grace. Castiel imagined Dean could make dinner with his eyes closed.
of being thrown around by dragons. Fucking tired of being everyone else’s pawn. If he didn’t want to fucking end the war, he wouldn’t end the fucking war. He would fuck off somewhere and
“Start at the beginning,” Castiel tried. “How can you speak English? How have you survived more than three times as much as every other merperson we’ve ever captured?”
“Not too high,” Castiel replied. He looked Dean up and down disdainfully. “I would hate for you to splatter on the ground on the first day.”
It was that thought, that desperate need to get as far away from this house as possible, that made Dean regain control of himself. He sucked in shuddering breath after shuddering breath, eyes squeezed shut against his own panic as he fought to get his breathing back to normal. Only when the panic had receded to a dull buzz did he open his eyes. With a start, Dean realized he was in the garage.
Dean relaxed, relieved that his little brother was safe. “That’s good.” He reached a shaking hand up to swipe at his face, at the small amount of stubble that had grown there overnight. “Shit, I need a shower. And some food. And someone to explain exactly what the fuck is going on, in detail.” He glanced up at Castiel, who was watching him fondly. “We have a war to end.”
bread, kinda like I don’t need pie. But it’s nice to
The first of the two big fireworks he and Jess had bought took a couple minutes to set up. Dean helped Sam get it on the stand a good twenty yards away, then lit it with the lighter. He and Sam both ran as fast as they could back to Jess and Cas, ducking to avoid being struck by the firework if something went wrong.
Castiel opened his mouth, attempting to speak. He found he couldn’t, floored by the words that had just come out of Dean’s mouth. He knew they were true. The light-haired man was looking at him with sincerity sparkling in his gold-green eyes. There was a small, beautiful smile on his pink lips. Castiel really wanted to kiss him. He wanted to wrap his wings around Dean and hold him tightly.
“Well, whatever,” Castiel grumbled, taking a savage bite of the muffin just so he could take his anger out on it. “I’m going on a date.”
Benny, thank God, was still in the locker room. Castiel handed him his cap wordlessly as he came in. He made to turn away, give Benny some space, but was stopped by a warm hand on his shoulder.
“To be fair, Dean, your father had been acting strangely for quite a while,” Benny said. He sighed, rubbing the back of his neck. “Bobby thought it was losing you that set him off, but I think it was bound to happen anyway. There’s only so long a man can be driven to exterminate one thing before he becomes the very thing he seeks to destroy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Alright, that's all. Enjoy!
Castiel imagined he could feel Dean’s body heat next to him, radiating from where their legs nearly touched under the covers. He wondered, in the darkness, what would happen if he simply turned and pressed his whole body up against Dean. If he took him into his arms and tucked Dean’s head under his chin and held him like he desperately wanted to.
“I’m ‘all good,’” Castiel assures, using air quotes just so he can see the amusement make Dean’s lips twitch upward.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel murmured. “I had to look at the inside. It looks like he cut at some of the filaments. That’s why they bled so much.” He touched something stinging again, and Dean jerked, a whine fighting out of his throat before he could stop it. Castiel pressed a gentle hand to his side, humming in a strange, soothing sort of way. “Shh, I’m sorry. It’s okay, you’re safe. I just need to look.”
you?” John asked, incredulous. He'd stiffened where he sat.
“Fucking shit,” Dean muttered, closing the door and staring instinctively at the window Castiel always came through. The Alpha was gone, of course. He never stuck around for long. But he’d apparently been busy the night before. What had he said? Something about errands?
. Almost like before, when they’d hated each other.
“Alfie, how
“Consequences?” Castiel asked, leaning forward. He was sitting cross-legged by the poolside. His elbows rested on his knees, and his chin rested on his hands. Dean was only a few feet away, his green eyes bright and luminous.
Castiel’s voice hardened, every word lined with razor edges. “Perhaps
decide what you do and do not deserve while you are kneeling for me, do you understand?”
Dean’s gun barrel came to a stop pointing just to the left of Castiel, right over his shoulder, where his blond older brother was watching the proceedings with unreadable blue eyes.
He released Dean so they could work in tandem to put the just-cooled cookies away. Dean tiredly set the baking tray in the sink, silently deciding he’d clean it tomorrow. Castiel helped him put all the baking supplies away, working quickly and efficiently at Dean’s side. By the time the kitchen was clean and the cookies and frosting had been put away, it was nearing five in the morning. The birds were chirping outside, the sky just beginning to lighten.
echoing in Dean’s ears as he tucked himself tight to the dragon’s back. There was a moment of terrifying weightlessness, gravity dragging Dean straight to earth, and then Castiel’s body was beneath him and they were coming out of their upside-down curve.
shape, and it had been a while since he’d flown so far and so fast. The oxygen intake slits on the sides of his neck and the ridge of his chest were flared wide, capturing as much of the rushing mountain air as they could to make sure Castiel got enough oxygen to his muscles.
Jimmy had looked at him sharply. “Why would you think that?”
“Here, I can give you the window,” Castiel offered.
He glanced over at Dean’s homework, squinting at a complex diagram of what looked to be an airplane engine. “That looks incredibly complicated, Dean,” Castiel remarked, head feeling well enough that speaking at normal volume wasn’t bad. If he tried listening to music, or if something loud and sudden happened, his migraine would likely be affected. Talking volume was fine, for the moment.
Dean and Castiel, who were both in the hundred butterfly, had agreed beforehand that they’d try their hardest and let the best man win. To everyone’s surprise, Dean beat Castiel by three and a half seconds. He’d been scared his friend would be mad, but Castiel had simply clapped him on the back and raised their joined hands in the air from where he stood on the second-place podium stand.
? He didn’t want to seem too needy. He wasn’t sure Dean would want that.
The shudder that ran down Dean’s spine soothed Castiel’s fears of saying the wrong thing. “Wanna come,” the human said, voice slurring a little. “Please, angel. C’n I come? Please.” He tipped forward and nuzzled his head into Castiel’s left shoulder, his voice soft and sweetly obedient.
As the man with the whip raised it in the air, Castiel recognized the prisoner’s cut of hair, the bow of the head. He would know the slope of those shoulders anywhere, the bow of those legs.
of that here. Dean should be happy. He
“Dad, I’m your
’ on the board.
Fucking shit. Castiel was
Dean frowned, shaking his head. “Nothing. Why’d they kill the dragon?”
. Castiel heaved himself over the guardrail on the bleachers, smiling awkwardly at a couple of shocked, wide-eyed freshman girls as he knelt next to his bag and pretended to look through it. While he shoved his change of clothes and towel around needlessly, he listened to the conversation happening a few feet away.
. But I… I…” He swallowed, squeezing his eyes shut as he gathered his courage. “Sir, I’m… I’m scared.”
Dean’s least favorite part of flying was landing, if he was being honest. Taking off was a bit of a hassle sometimes, especially off a carrier, but there was a certain magic to the explosion out of the throat or off a runway. Flying itself was fun, of course. Landing was the only place where Dean still sometimes got sweaty palms.
Dean clenched and unclenched his hands, anxious energy bubbling underneath his skin. He forced himself to take several deep breaths. There was no use tiring himself out before the day had even begun. He’d long ago mastered his pre-competition anxiety. He just needed to calm down a little.
“I heard you!” their neighbor called angrily. She took a hobbling step toward her porch stairs, glaring at Dean, hands on her cane. She raised one of them to wave it at the rainy night sky. “The whole damned neighborhood heard you! That noise is horrendous, I tell you! Horrendous! Ugly, raucous planes flying this way and that all day, well I tell you
He wondered if Dean thought he deserved it.
His roommate was hunched over his computer, much like he had been last night. His raven hair was messy and wild, sticking up in the back in a way that made Dean want to flatten it. That would be weird, though, and he couldn’t do that. No, he was sticking strictly to normal roommate things, and that was ranging dangerously close to the ‘boyfriends’ zone.
Frowning at the lack of
Dean squeezed Castiel’s shoulder sympathetically, pushing his coffee gently toward him. “Try some caffeine, yeah? That’ll get the brain juices flowing.”
Dean blinked sleepily, eyes wide with amazement as Castiel turned from the human encampment and slipped back into the dark forest. There was no more fear of branches hitting him, because Castiel shouldered most of it out of the way. The dragon held him gently, moving quietly through the forest.
Dean had managed to take down a colossal squid. “You seem to be a very fast swimmer. Your tail... it’s incredibly powerful.”
Fun times. ;)
He was asleep before he could hear Castiel’s response.
Hug Number Three occurs right as Dean goes out to the garage to give Baby a tune-up. Once again, he seems surprised. Castiel squeezes him a couple times, just because he can, then lets him go.
, Dean, we thought you were
Castiel checked the sun, wondering if the prince had been gone too long.
For the most part, though, the city wasn’t necessarily
I promise the whole story isn't like this! I need to set the tone for Dean's relationship with Michael. The next few chapters after this one are actually quite lighthearted.
Hopefully that gave everyone some more insight into how Castiel was thinking. Also, shoutout to Sas, who accidentally gave me the idea that Dean is Castiel's treasure. For some reason, that makes me MELT. Don't worry, we'll see more of that. ;)
But that doesn’t happen. Castiel hugs Dean at all hours of the day, every day. Dean tried counting, once, but then he stopped because he didn’t want to somehow ruin whatever sacred thing seems to have happened. So he counts how long they hold each other, and he wishes it were just a little longer each time.
how he’d fallen asleep. He never liked mornings, but waking up alone just made him grumpier.
Then, Castiel began to clean his home.
Anyway, I have another chapter, complete with a surprise appearance by one of our favorites. ;) It's totally a filler chapter, but Dean needs to heal in a believable period of time and I like fluff, so here we are.
a smart one, aren’t you?” Luke asked, sounding almost amused. “Cassie always picks
The dragon stood, climbing out of his nest. While the night before hadn’t been all his fault, he could still be grateful to Dean for saving his life. The least he could do was find Dean some breakfast.
Dean’s cheeks heated with shame and humiliation again. He murmured an agreement and followed Jo back to where they’d been before, wishing he could sink into the floor and disappear.
stroke,” Cam threatened, drawing up his big, broad shoulders. He bared his teeth at Benny, the crinkle of his nose showing he was joking. “I’d kick your ass in it any day. Freestyle, too.”
“Shh. I’m here,” Castiel soothed gently, squeezing Dean’s hand as tightly as he dared. “Calm down, my treasure. It’s okay. No one will hurt you anymore.”
, he wanted to say.
Dean was allowed to sleep in the dragon’s nest at night, too, though he only used Castiel as a pillow when it was particularly cold outside. That was a nice change as well, because Castiel was warm and comfortable, and Dean secretly enjoyed his closeness. He'd gone too long without contact with another sentient being in Alastair's cave, save for Alastair himself, of course. Being around another person, being touched by them, was nice.
the disappointment and disbelief was coming, hating that he knew it was coming. God, why did he have to be so stupid? Why did he forget everything? Michael wasn’t all that demanding of his time. The least Dean could do was remember the stuff he told him about.
Heart in his throat, the human stepped forward and slowly, slowly climbed on.
Castiel opened his mouth to argue, to say that he very well
“My brother, Sammy,” Dean said, the words burning a little on his tongue. “He’s got no powers, aside from the usual power of the sea and everything. My dad’s normal, and my mom’s powers never made themselves known. Just me.” He spread his hands on his lap, tapping his fingers on the inner parts of his legs to remind himself that they were
Dean’s tail disappeared back underwater. He wasn’t looking at Castiel now, his shining green eyes turned to the pool deck. “Well...” He shrugged a little awkwardly. “Once we’re done killing sea creatures that hurt others, and once we get big enough, we go after the worst of ‘em.”
“No, Cas,
Cas smiled and leaned back, stepping away from them. Castiel wasn’t sure how Dean would feel about being watched, but he supposed the human didn’t mind. Cas didn’t seem to be taking any pleasure from the situation, or at least, not physically. His eyes were warm as he took in the way Dean had draped himself over Castiel, the soft lines of where his body had folded.
“That is
Making coffee was a routine that Dean easily carried out, humming ‘Enter Sandman’ as he worked their coffeemaker and poured heated water into their mugs to keep them warm. It was easy to complete well-rehearsed actions, but it
“Heya, Sammy. How are you?” Dean asked, making an aborted stretching movement. Castiel eyed the smiles that were being exchanged between the two brothers and realized how awkward he must seem. He tried to slide his leg over the edge of the bed in an attempt to at least give the two some space, but Dean’s hand shot out behind him and grabbed the dragon’s wrist.
“Three and a half down, fifteen seconds to go,” Cam replied, grinning. His dark eyes were sparkling with excitement, hands clenching and unclenching with the nervous energy that was running through them all.
Dean’s swim trunks had been packed away in one of his drawers after he’d done laundry from their trip. He pulled them out and tugged them on, trying not to feel weird as he yanked his sweaty shirt off and threw it into his dirty laundry basket.
Castiel straightened when he felt Dean settle into his normal, comfortable spot on the dragon’s back. Castiel flicked his ears in silent question, knowing Dean would understand.
. It was grating on Castiel’s nerves. The dragon growled low in his throat, the sound a rumbling warning. “I need you to kill the last Prince of Hell. You are going to end the War on Syphon once and for all.”
Castiel’s grip tightened on the wheel. “Yes. But I won’t let them take you.” He sounded so
Dean’s theory seemed to be working, for now. He didn’t know how Castiel intended to steal the boat, since he didn’t know how they worked, but he was willing to bet that whatever was about to happen would leave them with very little time. He could only pray that Castiel would be able to get a good enough head start that he’d be able to escape.
Gabriel’s gun registered first, clicking softly in the tense silence of the room.
Anyway, tell me what you think. ;) Thank you all for reading, you are endlessly amazing. See you on Sunday!
He tried to be inconspicuous. He really did. He kept his head low and his movements quiet and unseen. He should have known it wouldn’t work.
Castiel glanced over when he heard the emotion choking Dean’s voice, the way it thickened his words. The prince was looking up at the stars, silver lining his eyes. “He sounds very special, Dean,” Castiel murmured quietly.
someone what they want if you’re going to make a bet.” He couldn’t help the smile that tugged at his lips as Castiel frowned at him, tilting his head to the side.
As Castiel wedged a knife underneath the sill of Dean’s apartment window, he told himself that this was just for information about the diner the Omega worked at. The excuse was easy, simple, and would have made sense to anyone else. To Castiel, it felt flimsy. It felt like a lie.
Dean reached up, resting one arm on the edge of the boat, the other coming up to cup Castiel’s face in a gentle imitation of before. “Not for you, Cas,” he whispered, the song dying away around them. Dean quirked a small smile, sad and full of pain. “You won’t find happiness at the bottom of the ocean, trust me.”
Michael was still looking at him with disdain. When Dean met his eyes, though, he softened a fraction of a degree. It helped to ease the pain in Dean’s chest, just a little.
He sniffled bitterly and wrapped his arms tighter around himself. He was fucking cold, and he knew he should probably go back out to join the team, but he wasn’t sure he was okay yet. He just needed a few more minutes to himself. He had to get himself under control.
They watched the rest of the movie. Castiel started up another one, probably to keep Dean’s attention so he didn’t start doing something stupid like getting off the couch. Dean wasn’t sure he even wanted to do that, at this point. Impossibly—since he’d only been awake for three or so hours—he already felt sleepy again. They were halfway through the second movie when he found he couldn’t keep his eyes open.
, I swear—”
Castiel barely made it through the door before he was attacked by his husband.
Castiel didn’t
“I need to go to the base,” Castiel told him, as if Dean didn’t already know and wasn’t studiously ignoring that fact. “I have to be there by nine, which means I need to start changing now. Come on, love. I’ll even be back this evening.”
He could have pushed for the answer to his question. He could have demanded that Dean answer. He could have done any number of things that might settle the question and curiosity swirling in his gut, but for some reason, he was glad he hadn’t. Castiel didn’t like forcing people to do things. It made him feel like one of the awful Alphas he hunted and killed, and he never, ever wanted to be like that.
There it was, though, red and raised like a fresh burn. He’d gotten it
food in return. That’s... that’s the most trust I’ve given anyone in a long time.”
After that, Dean distracted himself with finding the perfect balance between cheering for his team and saving his breath. Castiel gave them a half a second lead on the other team, which Benny promptly fucked because his goggles completely came off during his start. The blond senior managed to finish second after the opposing team in lane three, but he’d given them at least a three second lead.
“I suppose I just didn’t require any more sleep,” Castiel said. He yawned as he grabbed the food Dean had left him on the stovetop, one hand grabbing a fork, the other getting his coffee mug so he could make his own. “How was your rest? Good, I hope?”
Dean barely had time to close his eyes and brace himself before a wall of frigid seawater was crashing down around him, drenching him and Castiel straight through.
Walking out onto the deck for the first time since last year felt good. Castiel’s skin was warm against the humid air of the pool. He smiled at lane six as he placed his water bottle beside it. The last lane had been his home for the past four years. It was where the fastest swimmers went, and until recently, he and Benny had been the only ones to share it.
“On his wrist,” Dean said, holding out his own without thinking. He tapped on the swollen skin of his inner left wrist. “Here.”
“Actually, I know from experience that he outright denies it,” Castiel murmured, also looking at Dean. He was trying to compose himself, having just realized that with both of Dean’s parents dead, this was as close to ‘meeting the family’ as he was ever going to get.
“I’m just fillin’ dirt, Cas,” Dean said, gesturing impatiently at the dirt in the raised garden beds. “Seriously, why is that so weird? What’s with the twenty fuckin’ questions?”
And even
Horribly inaccurate, of course, but people tended to use crazy things to rationalize their sins.
Dean shrugs a little, awkward, and looks away when he says the next part. “Well, I guess… I mean, if humans need eight hugs a day, then, like… angels have gotta need, like, a
Castiel was off all day. He tried to avoid interacting with customers as much as possible, while also keeping an eye out for his apparent ‘admirers.’ He was surprised to find that Gabe and Dean were right; there were a lot of them. Some were women, some were men. Castiel didn’t really care. He figured he’d go out on a date with the first person to openly flirt with him. It was something Dean would do, if he were just another customer.
one took a good couple seconds to get over, but Dean had dealt with it before. He spent the rest of the ferry ride with his head out the window, sucking in as much cool night air as his tight chest would allow. He wasn’t normally an anxious person, but there was nothing like the anticipation of his husband’s ire to get his heart pounding. Castiel was gentle and kind for the most part, but when someone fucked with him or crossed a line, he could be a fiery motherfucker. Dean had learned that the hard way one too many times.
He managed to hold onto consciousness long enough to make sure Castiel was suitably wrapped up in his arms. After that, he knew he wasn’t going to last much longer.
The dragon’s wings were high in a display of tentative excitement. It also doubled as an invitation and something Castiel did when he was about to ask Dean if he wanted to go fly. It was getting easier to read the dragon, now that Dean bothered to look and listen. He could communicate with the dragon when they were flying. It had become pretty much second-nature, understanding the different rumbles and noises Castiel made when in dragon-form.
She gave him a small shrug. “I have prayed to the gods for your good health. I figured doing it here, in the remains of your nest, was the best way to be close to you.”
“You’re good to go!” The woman gave them both yellow bracelets with little bees on them, then sent them on their way. Resisting the urge to sprint past the gates, Castiel confined himself to a fast walk. Dean laughed, hurrying to catch up with him.
Laying in the backseat of Baby in the parking lot of an abandoned church, Dean wondered.
, actually. Something in Castiel’s chest physically ached, the guilt eating at his insides like a spreading poison.
“Get Gabriel if you can find him,” Michael called after the young Angel. As the door slid shut, the oldest Novak shook his head. “Fucking newbies.”
“Do you think we can do it?” Castiel asked, eyeing the lineup. Dean had been placed in backstroke again, himself in butterfly.
“Probably all day,” Cam shouted back. “The divers’ll take
“I don’t
Castiel gave Dean a determined look, his jaw set. “Yes, Dean,” he replied. “Let’s ride.”
“Yeah, those,” Dean said, nodding. “Con-seck-wen-ses. Small con-seck-wenses. Then, when we get bigger, the monsters get bigger too.” He rotated his right arm, showing Castiel a line of thick, brutal scarring along the inside of his forearm. “From the first shark I killed.”
Castiel rumbled underneath him, the sound warm and pleased. Dean smiled, lowering himself to the dragon’s back instinctively as they rose in the air again. This
Dean poked at the ‘burger.’ “How do you eat it?” he asked curiously, remembering that the waffles had needed to be eaten with a special tool called a ‘fork.’ Did burgers need forks? Or maybe something else, like the round, circular tools Dean had seen other humans using?
Castiel blinked, nodding. “That is… very good, Dean. Did you find the pie?”
Definitely worried, then.
Alastair hummed approvingly at the gun, turning back to the array of sharp knives he’d laid out. He was itching to start. There was nothing quite like the slice of a blade into flesh. The first well of blood around the shine of metal was like a drug. “Can I at least peel the scales?” he asked impatiently. “It won’t take long.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel flinched, digging his claws into the rocky earth beneath him. They were facing each other on a wide tabletop, the ground sloping steeply away on all sides. To Castiel’s right and Ishim’s left, the Ryuu mountains rose in a towering wall of slag and snow. To Castiel’s left and Ishim’s right, the green valley spread out below.
He stood near a random piece of canvas with unintelligible splatters of paint slapped all over it, contemplating what would happen if he actually
“We wouldn’t be taking a whole day off of classes just to go to breakfast,” Castiel said. “In fact, I don’t think you would have dared pull me out of school unless we were doing something that needs to be done today instead of on the weekend. So what is it?”
The anniversary, yes. Of the day he freed Dean, the day he watched a boatful of men happily jump to their deaths, the day he was the only survivor out of thirteen humans. The day he lost the love of his life.
“You don’t need to apologize,” Castiel told him. Dean was pretty sure he had the most patient friend in the world, because he
“Sorry, Sammy. I had things I was doing. School and shit.” He smiled at Sam’s grumbling, knowing his brother couldn’t argue when he had ‘school and shit’ of his own. “How’s it going, kiddo? Did you get past that lawyer exam?”
Some might accuse him of being too blunt, but he’d learned over the years that things often got done a lot quicker and a lot more efficiently if someone just
He allowed himself a small smile as he entered the pool room for the first time since last fall. The warm, humid air enveloped him, wrapping around his body like a security blanket or a welcoming hug. Even though it was only just beginning to grow cold enough for jackets outside, the pool building was always pleasantly warm. It felt comfortable. It felt like home.
Standing, heart beginning to pound, Castiel hurried over to the other bed and stared around. There was no sign of a struggle. The sheets had been neatly folded, albeit very clumsily. All of Castiel’s books, the salt-loaded shotgun, and his doctor’s coat were still on the ground. Nothing had been moved. The bathroom...
It seemed word of a public execution spread fast. There was already a stake and a whipping post lined up. Either that, or they'd already been there. Dean stared at the stake and blanched. He would rather be hanged than be burned, but there was really no better option if he chose to think about it.
. Cas, what’s the matter? Are you okay?”
Dean’s eyes snapped open and he shot up.
, another part of Dean’s mind argued.
ALSO: You've heard of there was only one bed. Now, get ready for: there was only one bathtub! ;)
“He’s in Jamaica right now,” Dean said. “He’s on a business trip with a couple people from his company. I don’t really know what they’re doing, just that they’re gonna be over there for a few weeks.”
Fireworks were illegal in Palo Alto, but Sam and Dean had long since found the best places to go where people didn’t really mind that law. Castiel disapproved of anything illegal—of course he did—but he couldn’t deny that the joy it brought Dean was worth it. Besides, Dean always reasoned, if it was good enough for two budding lawyers, it was good enough for them.
Castiel reached over and put a hand on Dean’s left shoulder, the skin warm and sun-kissed beneath his palm. “No, Dean,” he said firmly. “I will just have to earn it.”
Dean bit his lip, trying to find something to do with the anxiety buzzing underneath his skin. “What do you think?” he couldn’t help asking. He didn’t know why Benny and Cam might disagree, but this was a big change. Dean still wasn’t entirely sure it was even a good idea.
“Hello, boys,” the woman at the desk said. She sounded tired, but Castiel saw the way she looked Dean up and down. He bristled unintentionally, hands clenching into fists at his sides.
a certain way. He could be a hypocrite, or he could be acting hypocritically. There was a difference, she always told him.
Dean gave a little sob of relief, bending to press his face against the warm scales beneath him.
“Yes,” Castiel agreed easily. He looked thoughtful and open when speaking to his co-captain, but when he turned to Dean, his expression became hard again. “Do you know what order we’re going in?”
“Precisely,” Balthazar said, nodding. “And you, my friend… You have the look of someone who is desperately in love. As incredible as I am, I know that it isn’t with me.” He looked at Castiel with calm blue eyes, something questioning there. “My question is this: why are you here, if there is already someone you want?”
, and that realization spreading across
Castiel lurched forward, barely feeling his legs as they moved.
Dean looked at him, blinking when he saw Castiel’s gaze on him. “What? I got somethin’ on my face?”
. Dean was the kind of person to donate four million dollars to child cancer research. The people with that kind of money typically used it for other things.
“We should go back,” Castiel said after a moment, breaking the spell. Dean felt strangely disappointed when the dragon looked away, back at the miles of forest they’d flown over.
The other security guard released Dean, who promptly flipped himself gracefully out to the middle of the pool and out of the reach of the angry guards. His tail glittered, green and distorted, under the water. His eyes were dark with distrust and anger, but thankfully, he stayed silent.
“Would you like to observe?” Castiel asked bluntly, obviously reading the undertones of Cas’s words.
It was what the barrier represented that counted, right?
anyone,” Jimmy pointed out. “A spy or an enemy or a mole. Perhaps I’m slipping.” He shook his head, looking back down at his sandwich. Dean watched him, wondering what that meant for his own safety. Jimmy had said he wasn’t in danger, and Dean sort of trusted him, which was kind of ridiculous in its own right. Would Jimmy hurt him now that he knew things? Crazily enough, Dean didn’t think so.
Castiel stared at him for a moment. He wasn’t sure why he kept getting surprised by how selfless and kind Dean was, but sometimes the goldenness of his heart still shocked Castiel to his core. “Thank you, Dean,” Castiel said, voice rough with more than just pain from his headache.
“Maybe,” he said. “I probably should. I don’t think I will, though.” He eyed Castiel up and down. “The guy you killed... did he deserve it?”
“You could heal me…?” Dean tries, but Castiel can feel his soul’s quiet agreement. His body is aching and tired, and not just because he’d been thrown into a wall twice by the ghost before they’d managed to burn her bones. He’s getting older, enough that Castiel might need to have a talk with him soon about retiring. But that’s for later.
“—is completely true,” Castiel finished, before Dean could degrade himself even more. “You are an incredibly intellectually capable individual that somehow managed to fix my car with a wrench and a piece of tissue paper. Don’t look at me like that, you know it’s true. I still cannot comprehend how you did that.”
“Alright. I’ll see you soon.”
Clyde was good at that. Maybe.
“Thank you,” Castiel said coldly in response to the compliment, too annoyed to manage much more. It didn’t matter, since Dean was soon popping his goggles into place and slipping easily into the water, pushing off the wall with a burst of power.
“It’s only five hundred meters,” Castiel replied unhelpfully. “You’ll be fine.”
Dean shook his head. He
“You’re not mad?” Dean asked, peeking at him through long, thick eyelashes.
Enjoy!
They both laughed. Castiel found himself relaxing at the easy atmosphere between the two boys. He understood that Dean had been away for a year, and that he and his young brother were very close. It made sense that they wanted to catch up. Sam gave Dean a summary of what had happened at the castle while he’d been gone, and in return, Dean told him about his adventures since he’d killed Asmodeus and been kidnapped by Alastair.
Dean nodded, frowning. “They were definitely prepared. I think they saw us flying and decided to get you later. They were probably going to find your cave, but ran into you in the forest. They were… They were armed to kill, Cas. We gotta be careful.”
Castiel kissed him again, eyes closed in the dark. “I’ll show you, Alpha. You’ll never have to worry about being left behind again, even if I have to take you to the grocery store with me every time we need dish soap or some other stupid thing like that.” He rested his forehead against Dean’s. “And I’ll make sure you don’t have to worry, even if you aren’t coming when I
Dean... Dean was
Dean didn’t even have it in him to respond.
“Yes, baby?” Castiel asked, discreetly adding another finger as Dean rocked his hips up again. Dean’s hands squeezed Castiel’s shoulders, gripping hard and passionate. Castiel kissed a line down the side of his exposed neck, marveling at the strength and beauty in his shoulders.
The clothes were the easy part, surprisingly. Castiel found a local store and bought some hoodies and sweatpants, baggy enough to hide Dean’s fins. He was pretty sure the merman’s dorsal fin was still visible in his human form, so he didn’t want to buy tight clothes and make Dean uncomfortable.
(See the end of the chapter for
with that quiet rage Dean had only seen once or twice. It scared him, while still making him feel unbelievably safe. Castiel was here. He was
The fish had been hiding, of course. It had crammed itself into the farthest corner of the pool under the water, its glittering tail the only indication of its location. Castiel had gently coaxed it out with false words and promises of some extra food, then had helped Alastair bind its arms and turn on the collar. The fish had looked so
“But we could be,” Dean replied. “And it’s still morning.”
Alastair, whose eyes had narrowed at the almost-concern in Castiel’s voice previously, nodded reluctantly at that last point. They did need this merman, and they
Dean was pretty pleased with himself for that one.
. He wasn’t falling in love. He wasn’t. He couldn’t be, anyway. The mark on his shoulder was evidence of that. Castiel hadn’t touched him once, in Dean’s memory, and certainly not on his shoulder. Dean would have
Happy birthday, Dean!
Castiel was rage incarnated.
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut at the thought of Dean feeling ashamed for being abused. The very idea made his heart feel like it was being clawed to shreds.
His friend was so kind and perfect and giving. Dean was just a pathetic leech, taking advantage of how nice Castiel was. He was bringing him down. It was painfully clear. Castiel didn’t deserve to have to deal with Dean’s stupid problems. He shouldn’t have to take care of Dean, to baby him and make sure he didn’t do something stupid.
“I know, Dean. I think you should come with me to The Trickster after all,” he said. “You don’t even have to get out of the car. Like I said, it won’t take long. You can just get into the passenger seat and stay there. I would ask Gabriel to bring the logbooks over, but Hannah is on vacation and he’s running the bakery by himself today.”
with Castiel. They were definitely afraid of him. Some of them had apparently thought that he was holding Dean and Sam hostage, and they had congregated at the front gates the night before, armed with cannons and spears. Jo and Benny had received the exciting task of dispersing them.
Swimming with Dean was surprisingly fun, too. Castiel hadn’t known how amusing having real, actual competition could be. Dean always beat him in butterfly, something no one had been able to do for years. In turn, Castiel kicked his ass in breaststroke and freestyle. When it came to backstroke, they were so even they sometimes came into the wall at the same time.
Dean shrugged, peeking at him with one bleary green eye. “Gained three seconds on my fly from last week. Dad’s gonna... gonna—” He broke off with a yawn. “Gonna be mad.”
“Nope, sorry,” the woman said, before Dean could respond. “You could try all the other motels, but I’m
, even from the coaches, who each pretended like they hadn’t heard the question.
“You aren’t stupid, Dean,” Castiel said gently. He frowned at the bruise again. “I’ll have to buy you some cream or something tomorrow. You should ice it, too.” He reached for Dean’s tie and began to unfold it, trying to convince himself that he was imagining the shiver that ran through Dean’s body every time his knuckles brushed the soft skin of his throat.
Dean blanched. “Uh, s-splatter?”
It wasn’t. Dean had seen the enormous winged lizard he turned into. It was enough to give him nightmares for days. Not that Dean could tell when it was day and night here, of course. The passage of time in this cave was a mystery to him.
And somewhere… Somewhere he’d known that Dean wouldn’t last either.
Castiel shook his head, going over to his own duffel. He located his sleeping clothes and toiletry bag, frowning as he realized he’d neglected to pack toothpaste. He’d have to ask Dean to use some of his.
He stood in the last stall of lockers, frozen, listening to the footsteps as Castiel moved down the aisles. After a moment, a familiar, handsome face poked around the corner. Dean’s breath caught in his throat as he saw Castiel come around the lockers, holding a fluffy towel awkwardly.
with it.” He shook his head, taking another massive bite of sandwich.
“Why aren’t you?” Dean repeated. “Single, I mean. Like, I know you’re single, but why aren’t you—why, uh—you—fuck, I ain’t good at this chick-flick shit. I mean, like, why aren’t you
humidity? There was a reason he’d wanted to move to Washington. It rarely ever had both at the same time. He briefly thought of his brother down in California. Triple digit heat was a regular occurrence there, but at least it was
, Lucifer, leave it alone. You want to have kids someday, right?”
Castiel stepped right up to the stake, the top of the wooden post coming to rest just underneath his chin. Dean heard as he inhaled deeply, oxygen-intake slits wide open. This close to his chest, the prince could hear the sparking of the inferno deep within the dragon's chest.
The way Sam’s face paled was hilarious. “Fine,” he said, already moving away from the boat. “No doing anything stupid. I expect you back by sundown.”
Face flaming up for some reason unknown to even himself, Castiel gently pulled himself out from underneath the fake-sleeping siren. He tried his best to arrange Dean comfortably, even going so far as to pull the blankets up and tuck them around him in a little nest of softness. Then he grabbed a change of clothes and escaped to the bathroom, where he could have his little mental freakout in peace.
“You really feel that strongly about this?” Castiel asked. He blinked, shaking his head. “This is absurd. I can’t believe you’d take interest in something as trivial as our romantic affairs.”
A sob tore from Dean’s throat, terror flashing through him again at the sight of the land spread out before them like a miniature map. The Ryuu mountains looked small from here, the rising thunderheads all around miles tall.
Michael said nothing as he opened the passenger door and shoved Dean inside none too gently. He slammed the door and stalked around the front of the Porsche to his own side. Dean held his breath as his soulmate climbed in, eyes on his feet in the footwell.
“How’d you know?” Dean suddenly asked, turning to look at the horse’s dark eyes. “How’d you know where to go?” He stared, amazed, at the old gray stallion.
friends! We lived in uneasy truce before this clusterfuck; the war is just a culmination of centuries of resentment.”
He had to fix this.
“Purgatory,” Dean replied. “Crappy, rundown, piece of shit building, just off the corner where Dorian and Avalon intersect. You can’t miss it, honestly. It’s a fugly building if I ever saw one.”
The dragon hurried up the stairs, wings flared a little to catch the updraft. It was more instinct than anything, his pathetic attempt to move faster in human form.
“That’s good, sweet boy,” Castiel said softly. He smiled, hand coming down to cup loosely at Dean’s neck. His thumb stroked gently at the soft spot behind Dean’s ear. “I’m so glad to hear that. I’m so proud of you for coming to me for help, Dean. You’re such a good boy.”
He stepped forward, coming into the line of sight of the human standing just outside the cluster of trees. Dean was holding several boxes and bags. A long, silver line jutted up from behind his back. At Castiel’s frown of curiosity, the prince grinned. “Sword. Weighted perfectly, and the length is just right. Way better than the piece of crap we have back at the cave. I can finally train now.”
Dean snorted. “Yeah, they totally would have been fine with being woken up in the middle of the night by the sound of me overreacting.”
Castiel frowned down at his phone, fiddling with it for a bit before he got the right information pulled up. “It says we’re about forty minutes away. Why do you ask?” They’d driven this route so many times, he was fairly sure Dean knew it pretty well.
, because it was only a matter of time before other dragons found Ishim’s body, saw the lake nearby, and connected the dots. For all he knew, there could be a garrison heading his way.
The anxiety and irritation bubbling under his skin was too much to ignore. Dean would be lucky if he could even sit still for very long. Even as he thought that, he was climbing out of bed and angrily refolding the sheets. He was still wearing his jeans and shirt from the day before, which pissed him off even more. The fabric was scratchy and irritating on his skin. Frustrated, Dean yanked his clothes off and changed into softer ones.
Dean took the prompting and ran with it, folding his legs underneath him to sit down slowly on Castiel’s dick. The first breaching of the head in his hole had them both moaning. As Dean slowly sank lower, more and more of Castiel’s cock filling him, he threw his head back in pleasure, hands trembling where they were holding onto Castiel’s shoulder for balance.
The room that awaited them when the elevator doors finally opened was massive. Castiel’s living room alone could have easily fit most of Dean’s one-bedroom apartment in it, if not all. The grand space was decorated with pleasingly aesthetic colors of white, gray, navy blue, and splashes of silver. Dean stared in awe at the large crystal chandelier, then at the floor to ceiling windows on the far wall.
Dean shrugged, looking back at the guards milling around the parking lot a few hundred yards away. “I don’t think they’re thinking I’ll be walking,” he said. “What if we left the car here and went on foot?”
“I didn’t do
was the one who had made it weird. He was the one who’d read into it wrong, or maybe he’d just been projecting his pathetic fantasies. Either way, Dean was fairly sure that was where he’d screwed up. The thought made him sad. He didn’t want to lose Castiel as a friend, even if the other boy obviously didn’t like him that way. God, he was so
“Yes,” Castiel said.
. Out to the sunlight, out to the fresh air, out to freedom.
“I promise to look out for him, Sam,” Castiel said. “I’ll make sure he’s safe.”
Dean seemed to agree. “Yeah. I’m tired too. C’mon, we have to shower quick. We want to get some sleep in before the bus, yeah?” Castiel nodded, looking at the clock. It was about eleven at night. They’d have time to sleep a few hours before they had to wake up to head home.
Castiel could do nothing but nod.
The punch came faster than he could comprehend. Maybe dragons were faster and stronger than normal people in human form as well as in dragon form. Maybe Dean just trusted Castiel too much. Whatever it was, Dean was on the floor in half a second, his head spinning with stars a second after.
“You’re tellin’ me,” Dean grumbled. His thighs were sticking together where his shorts had ridden up while he’d been sitting on the couch. He pulled his legs apart with a disgusted grimace. “I feel so gross, it ain’t even funny. I’m gonna need to shower for like, a million years to get clean.”
better than Dean ever could. Castiel was perfection, in Dean’s eyes, which meant he deserved perfection. Dean was so far from that, it wasn’t even funny.
If he was being honest with himself, he was also enjoying the excuse not to think about the real problem at hand. With Dean asleep, Castiel didn’t have to try to come up with what he was going to
is going to be a monumental challenge.
Dean blinked. “I’ve never seen that.”
Dean snorted, looking down and away. He could feel his cheeks heating with embarrassment. “I cried and probably drooled on you. Nothin’ to be excited about.”
“Wait here,” he ordered once they reached the truck. He left Dean leaning against the side as he got up on the tires. There was a back window, which Castiel reached inside. He fumbled around in the dark for a moment, searching for the door.
faded to a barely noticeable stain. Hopefully, Dean wouldn’t be charged heavily for that, though he doubted it. He cringed at the image of the landlord’s reaction if she ever saw the window, either.
“Yes,” Castiel agreed, feeling a little uneasy. He wasn’t sure why, since he knew he could trust this man. At least, that was what he’d been told. Castiel had learned to trust his instincts, though, and right now...
Something thumped, as if someone had slammed their forehead very hard into the wall. “Yes,” Castiel replied slowly. “I recognize Clyde’s handwriting now. Dean, he was the one who wrote the tags on the chocolate and the flowers. He did all that.”
“The window was locked,” Castiel snarled. “The duffel bag was unpacked. The handwriting was fucking
Could Dean really do this? Could he really run away? Where did he have left to run? They graduated in two years, and they went to the same fucking college. He couldn’t avoid Castiel forever, and he didn’t want to hurt his friend. Even if Castiel didn’t love him, he still cared about Dean, undeserving as Dean was of that.
Dean swallowed, his throat bobbing. Castiel watched the path his throat made, the strong arch of it so near his face. He could lean down, suck bite marks into the soft golden skin. The intensity of the thought surprised Castiel, but only slightly.
Cas immediately had concerns. This version of himself was cold and indifferent, almost to the point of cruelty. Did he know how to handle Dean when he was in that vulnerable, trusting state while being punished? Did he know that Dean needed reassurance at crucial points, or else he’d feel worthless and monstrous? Did this Castiel know that Dean needed to be held and praised afterward, that he needed to be forgiven as much as given the chance to pay penance?
“What?” Castiel yelled back, startling Dean with his volume. He looked over at the doctor, wondering if he’d gone insane. They didn’t want attention, right? What the hell was Castiel doing?
He carefully unclogged the stream in the back of the cave, his tears lessening when he saw that the water was running freely again. Castiel dumped the soggy debris into the trash on the other side of the mountain, making four or five trips until he’d managed to clean out all of the wreckage of his home. Some of the rain was washing away the ashen color of the rock, which was good. Castiel stared into the burnt-out shell of his former nest and inhaled shakily.
Dean did so, wondering what the hell he was looking for.
, Cas, that feels fuckin’ incredible.” Dean moaned again. “I forgot what I was… what I was sayin’. Shit.”
you can have your pie.”
They were hundreds of feet above the tops of the trees. Castiel was gliding smoothly, his tail doing most of the work in controlling how the wind steered them. He wasn’t moving super fast, but it was still faster than Dean had ever traveled.
Castiel stayed out on the balcony long enough to watch Michael vault over the railing and land on the next balcony, then the next, until he was out of sight. Then, with a heavy sigh, the dark-haired Alpha went back into his apartment.
For long moments, Dean’s panting was the only sound in the dark cave. After a while, Castiel narrowed his eyes at the weapons the prince had chosen. “What are you doing with those?”
him, though. Castiel was still one of his captors. He was still a bad guy.
Castiel sat back, listening to the gentle lap of waves in the silence. It was peaceful out here, the sea almost seeming to whisper to him. He smiled a little, about to open his notebooks and begin recording, when he heard a soft splash behind him.
God, he talked a mile a minute. This was going to be a painful three months. Castiel rolled his eyes behind the mirrored lenses of his goggles. He didn’t think he was going to survive this season if his ‘new lane partner’ was this talkative. Castiel would probably just have to exercise his ‘blocking people out’ skills. It hopefully wouldn't be too hard. As long as Dean stayed out of his way, there wouldn’t be an issue. Castiel just needed to ignore him, and hopefully everything would be fine.
He said nothing, after that. Castiel stood in the empty dining room and stared down at their unfinished dinners and the enormous, revolting tangle of raw agony that he’d just pulled forth and done nothing about.
“Dean?”
Dean swallowed, the beautiful line of his throat bobbing. “Okay.”
“What-What…” Dean broke off to cough violently, body convulsing with the force. After he’d finished, the human fell back against the soft blankets and wool of Castiel’s nest. “Why?”
“This makes me very happy,” Jimmy responded solemnly, chewing. “You are quite skilled at creating sandwiches.”
good. The look on Castiel’s face when he let an opponent take first wasn’t very nice, though. Nor was the murderous look on his father’s face when Dean spotted him in the stands.
“What—no,” Castiel said, frowning. Of all the things he’d just said,
For a moment, all the jealousy and anger that had been simmering in Dean’s gut boiled over. He wanted to walk over there and slap the chocolate out of Castiel’s hands. He wanted to stomp on it and burn it, then drag his angel to the store to get him all the Goddamn candy he wanted.
Closer inspection revealed that Dean wasn’t dead. His chest was rising ever so slightly, his gills fluttering just the barest bit even though there was no water for them to filter. Castiel saw, to his horror, that the bandage on Dean’s right set of gills had been ripped off, some of the medical tape still attached to his skin above it. The cuts looked angry and inflamed, as if someone had messed around with them.
Thank you so much for reading! I'll see you all on Thursday for the next one. Love you!
” he demanded, appalled and slightly amazed.
It took Castiel probably fifteen minutes to compose himself. In that time, he took a
Castiel took the first shower, only because Dean had promised to call Sam the second he was able. He made good on his promise. Castiel could hear Sam’s shrieked, “You
,” Castiel muttered, finally taking a step into the room. The wallpaper was a hideous yellow color. Dean frowned at it and the gum stuck to the lamp on the nearby table. Humans paid to sleep in places like this? He closed the door behind them, walking over to the bathroom. There, they discovered their next problem.
“It’s true, though. It’s not my fault your… your brothers don’t trust you anymore. Not my fault you’re an outcast, a fucking traitor. It’s not my fault you put all your faith in a fucking lost cause-“
“So you’re Dean Winchester. Crown Prince,” Ketch said. He hesitated, narrowing his eyes. “Didn’t know you did hero work.”
Castiel watched him turn away, watched him flee the possible confrontation, and the rage inside of him boiled over. “You are a disgrace to humanity,” he hissed.
Dean hiccupped, trying to gain enough control over his breath to ask, “’re you mad at me?”
The first time the ocean water brushed over Dean’s toes, he felt his whole heart jump with delight. He could practically hear the water singing, could hear the wind whistling, welcoming him home. He was close. So, so close. He pushed harder against the boat, the ocean water giving him new strength.
He’d slipped some painkillers into Dean’s lunch last night, knowing Dean would forget to take them to work with him if he hadn’t. He could only hope Dean had actually noticed them. His wrist had looked horrible when Castiel had last seen it. Castiel hoped it wasn’t giving him trouble now.
“Gotta show you the horses, Cas,” Dean said excitedly as he led the dragon through the halls of the castle. He was trying to distract Castiel from the droves of staring, sometimes terrified humans that they were passing. He could see the dragon’s wings twitching uncomfortably behind him. Dean’s distraction seemed to be partially working.
He missed Ketch’s next split time too, but by now he’d gotten used to the pattern of 0:45, 0:46, and onward. Dean was tempted to just fill out the rest of the form for fun, but he figured there was still a chance the dark-haired boy could drop a second or two.
He turned over, tucked the blanket up over his ears, and tried to go back to sleep. He must have been even more tired than he’d thought, because he didn’t remember hearing Castiel wake up and go to the bakery. When Dean next opened his eyes, the sun was coming through the window he’d forgotten to cover.
managed to escape the cave, he never would have made it down the mountain alive.
Instead of stepping inside and immediately shutting the door of the cave, Alastair walked forward, coming toward Dean immediately. He left the boulder off to the side, which was weird. Alastair was normally careful, taking every precaution he could to make sure Dean didn’t escape. Strangely, there was no drag of ugly tail on stone either, and his footsteps sounded lighter. Dean tensed, listening for the telltale hissing of amusement, but heard nothing.
The ash-gray dragon was curled peacefully around the second-tallest mountain peak within viewing distance. Lawrence’s walls backed right up against the base of the Ryuu mountains, meaning that Alastair wasn’t far. Merely a few miles, perhaps. He was looking down at the city with glowing silver eyes, the chest and throat plates of his underbelly glowing at the cracks.
“I just—” Dean cut himself off, unsure of what to say. His throat was painfully tight, his words choked and quiet. “I just… ‘M sorry, Cas. I keep screwin’ things up.” Dean couldn’t fight the soft sob that left him at that.
. He left it on the pillow of his own bed and pulled on his shoes, intent on doing just what he’d said.
Once again, a massive thank you to the beautiful, wonderful, thoughtful people who comment on my chapters. You guys make my day every damn time. Seriously, it's fucking incredible what one person, twenty or so words, and a comment box can do to change my entire mood. Thank you. *insert heart emoji, because I'm on a computer and I can't do that*
around, he doesn’t really mind. Sam doesn’t either. He was too glad that Dean and Castiel had stopped dancing around each other to really care what they did, as long as they didn’t—in his words—fuck anywhere that other people frequented. Dean and Castiel had only broken that rule once during that one time on the map table. Dean was pretty proud of how accommodating he’d been so far.
“Asmodeus wears white often,” Castiel replied. “I don’t have any pictures of them, not here. Azazel is more elusive—”
They never got up from the couch, just turned off the TV and drifted off to sleep curled around each other, Castiel sleepily drawing the blanket up over them both before he fell asleep. Dean was already snoring by then, and Castiel just
“Oh, sweet boy,” Castiel said. The pet name shook another sob out of Dean’s chest. “Shh, you don’t need to apologize. I’m glad you came here. I’m glad you came back.”
“Even if I’m mad, you’re always welcome in the nest. Do you want to go there now?” Castiel asked, gently pulling away slightly.
He fired the gun, and Alastair’s whole world went white with pain and sound.
Castiel had never known real, true fear until the moment he felt Dean’s slight weight leave his back. He had fought in hundreds of battles, had been held down and bound by chains and nets. He’d been hunted by humans in the night, had had men threaten to cut the crown of horns from his head. Castiel had seen the horrors of war. He could even say he knew them intimately.
Castiel could only smile.
“Oh, I don’t think so. See, it seems your soft-hearted doctor has had his turn with you today.” Alastair grinned at him. “Now, it’s
to be forceful. Maybe he needed to be completely obvious. At this point, Clyde was fairly sure that was the only way he was going to be able to salvage the damage he’d done.
“Yeah, but it isn’t infinite,” Dean said knowingly, and something about his confidence made Castiel want to punch him all over again. He refrained, however. He didn’t want to start another shouting match. Besides, Dean was right. He
“Did you and Michael get into an argument?” Castiel asked. He watched the little flinch in Dean’s shoulders, the way they curled inward ever so slightly. Castiel took a short breath and asked the question he’d been meaning to ask all night. “Did Michael hit you, Dean? Is that where that bruise came from?”
“Yeah, I know. You’ll probably be a natural, but we can go slow,” Dean promised. He led the dragon to the double doors that led out of the main entrance of the castle, inhaling the blast of fresh air greedily. “Shit, it feels good to be outside.”
“I should be the one thanking you,” Castiel says, leaning over to kiss Dean. “Are you ready for bed?”
“Get out.”
“Cas?”
The man—no, the
Castiel leaned down and shut him up with a gentle kiss on the lips. “I am more than happy to kiss you, Dean Winchester. For the rest of my life, if I may.” He smiled down at Dean, eyes sparkling with warmth and excitement. “As for time… We have all the time in the world.”
. He wanted to watch a stupid old movie with his angel, and he wanted to take him to the honey festival, and he wanted to bake a pie with him, and he
Dean looked nervous, but he nodded and held onto the door handle. Castiel gave him a small, reassuring smile, then put the truck in drive and moved them out of the parking lot. He stayed at a normal speed for as long as it took for them to get out of the compound and onto the road outside. Once they were
Sometimes… Sometimes Castiel wished he wasn’t himself. Wished he’d been born gray and brown like his siblings. Wished his fire was a normal color, that he had a head-bashing tail instead of a flapped tail. That his wings were normal, that
rough, and stood to stretch. Maybe some water and a snack would help. Dean was always reminding him to eat and drink more. He always said that when Castiel ‘got in the zone,’—Dean’s words, once again—he forgot how to do basic human things. Speaking and going to the restroom included.
Dean grunted, tipping the glass back for another sip. “I need to get back to Lawrence.”
Cas looked at him sharply. “Take care of him. Dean deserves to be taken care of, doesn’t he? He’s been very good. A very good boy.” Dean keened quietly, his head jerking just slightly so he could nudge into the gentle petting.
Castiel rolled his eyes in that full-body way that made Dean simultaneously want to kiss him and hit him. “To take care of you, Dean. I wasn’t just going to sit around the apartment all day, and I believe it’s quite obvious that I’m not actually sick.” He shook his head at Dean’s apparent obliviousness, taking the pot off the stove so he could grab two bowls.
“Dean? Are you still in here?” a familiar gravelly voice asked.
“You don’t feel like interacting socially?” Castiel filled in.
me there?” Dean asked, dumbfounded. If he didn’t know Castiel better, he’d think the Alpha was playing a cruel joke on him. Castiel didn’t even understand normal jokes, though, so that wasn’t possible.
“Oh,” Dean said, frowning at him. “What is it, then? Are you okay?”
From the window, the ghost of the apartment watched him go.
I hope you enjoy it! Warnings (do you really need them?) for heavy swearing. Like, a lot. :)
“Is Dean there?” Castiel asked.
He couldn’t, he realized, as he watched Dean bounce around his kitchen, excitedly naming off various appliances and tools that Castiel had never thought he’d use in a thousand years. He still didn’t quite understand all of the things Dean named off, but the confusion was worth it in exchange for Dean’s bright joy.
Dean swallowed thickly.
, an answer to the crossbow from behind.
Eileen gave him a gentle smile and nodded reassuringly. She patted her back, made a wincing face, then smiled serenely again. “He will be okay soon.”
“What—no! No, that’s not—no,” Castiel stammered, flushing dark red. “Not yet. We’re changing the relay order.”
Castiel wasn’t even really hungry when he carried the bowl back to the couch. He ignored his laptop and reached for the remote control instead, turning on the TV. He was tempted to watch a movie, but they were no fun in doing that without Dean. Dean knew almost every movie that they watched. He always had fun and exciting facts to share about them. If it was a new movie, he watched with adorable excitement. If it was one that he’d watched a million times, he mouthed the words that were happening onscreen. Oftentimes, Dean was more entertaining than the actual film itself. Castiel’s chest twisted at the thought.
Dean gave the dragon a sincere look, a small smile playing on his lips. “I don’t mind. It was worth it.”
The day was warm and pleasant, the birds chirping. The trees had tiny, barely noticeable buds of leaves. Spring, it seemed, had blown in on the storm from last night.
care about his reputation, whatever there was to salvage. He was well aware of the kind of deals and people that came here, he just didn’t care. It brought in money, and that was enough for him. He’d fire Dean in a heartbeat if Dean attacked one of his frequent customers.
He could feel his enormous burst of fire finally coming to an end. If he’d wanted to, he could have inhaled and sparked the fire again, but he stopped when he reached the end of his breath. There were now four paths of destruction and fire running through the city. Castiel guessed they were about half a mile long, starting at the stone plaza. John Winchester and the men who had tried to hurt Dean were mere ashes in the wind. Castiel had done his duty. Now he needed to get Dean safe.
A recap, if you need it (the chapter picks up as if no time has passed): THE BATTLE IS HERE. Dean and Castiel have just taken off and are preparing to fight Alastair. He's coming, my dear friends. And he's not going to leave until he's the last one left alive.
“Do you still have that number I gave you earlier?” Castiel demanded, without acknowledging what his cousin had said.
to matching Castiel in flight. One was his dead brother, Gabriel. The other was Ishim, his fellow commander and a dragon he had risen through the ranks with in the garrisons. It was Ishim who now pounded through the air toward them, silver wings flashing like a fish’s scales in the murky dimness of a lake.
” Dean questioned from Castiel’s back. Anna’s eyes flicked up to the prince, something warming on her face. She gave him a bright smile.
While Dean is not an ogre by any means—Castiel has met ogres before, and he doesn’t think much of them—it can certainly be said that Dean has layers like an onion. Or perhaps like a tree, an analogy that feels more appropriate. Comparing Dean to a pungent vegetable feels… callous, now that Castiel thinks about it.
Dean snorted, ignoring the way the words panged a hurt deep in his chest. “What future?” he spat, his own hatred soaking the words. He fucking
Dean peeked at him through wet lashes. Castiel gave him an encouraging smile.
Castiel caught Dean mere feet from the surface of the lake, shoulders aching with pressure as he snapped his wings outward to cut sharply across the water.
“It’s none of your Goddamn business is what it fucking is!” Dean snarled. “I’m so sick and tired of you getting involved in this. Why the fuck do you even care? You can just go back to your perfect little world where you’ve got a job and friends and a fucking
Castiel sat down and looked up at Dean, who stood awkwardly off to one side.
Just as he’d thought that, Castiel sat up ramrod straight as a horrible sound reached his ears. It snapped him out of his thoughts faster than a bullet. The noise was muffled and barely audible, but it was
Michael looked up. Dean watched his face for any hint of disappointment or approval, but Michael’s face remained frustratingly blank. “This is the suit color we decided?” he asked, looking to Jo.
Once he’d finished hiding his list away, Clyde headed out to the living room to check on the two idiots. He half-hoped to find them making out on the couch, but they were the same solid foot away from each other, chewing popcorn now, watching Harrison Ford brush spiders off his back in a cave.
Castiel turned on the TV and began to flip through the different movies available. Dean settled back into the couch, content to let him have the reins for now. The bowl of soup in his hands was warm and his nausea had subsided, for now. He felt better than he had since he’d first gotten sick. His nose was still stuffy, and that was annoying, but the steam from the soup helped clear it a little.
God, did Castiel love him.
Dean felt a sort of sick feeling start up in his gut. He didn’t trust a word out of this psychopath’s mouth, but somehow, Dean had a horrible feeling that Alastair wasn’t joking. If Cas wasn’t coming... what the hell was he going to do? He couldn’t kill this asshole, he just knew it. The man was way too intelligent for that, first of all, but second, Dean seriously doubted his own safety if he killed one of the head scientists of this whole operation. He had a horrible feeling that he was well and truly stuck here.
Castiel cursed internally. He had breaststroke today. He hated breaststroke. He glanced over to see what Dean had and was surprised to see how pale his teammate was. Dean looked like he was going to be sick, his green eyes scanning the list fervently.
single? Why don’t you go out on dates with all the hot chicks that wanna hang with you?”
He knew why. The person who usually kept him sane had just walked out the front door of their apartment.
“Come, we were just about to hear Mayor Shurley’s golfing story,” Michael said, grabbing Dean’s wrist and leading him back to the circle. Dean tried not to sway as he walked, focusing on the line of tiles underneath his feet. He felt dizzy and sick, still. He prayed the feeling would go away.
(See the end of the chapter for
He stretched, limping toward the cave. There were some burns on his right arm and the side of his face. They would fade after a while, and were mostly just a pain in the ass. The cuts were more annoying. Dean would have to clean them when he got inside. He kind of wished Castiel would have carried him in instead of just dumping him on the sand, but whatever.
it was and had promptly found a dusty old box of yearbooks and belongings on their dining room table the next morning.
Castiel was... carrying him.
“Why show themselves at all?” the guard asked, turning from the waiting dragons to look at Castiel with wide eyes. Castiel could pretty much taste the fear that was emanating from the gathered guards on top of High Tower.
“I don’t know what to say,” Castiel managed. “I suppose that I’m sorry too. I... Where have you
“The security guards,” he muttered. They were standing around several dark cars, likely having just arrived. Castiel cursed. “How the hell did they know we were going to be here?”
“You were scared,” Castiel realized. “You were never going to hurt us, you were just trying to protect the creatures they were trawling. But when we brought you up, you tried to defend yourself by bringing down the entire boat.”
She gave him a small smile and hugged him again, then turned and ran for the guard’s quarters. Dean made a half-step to go follow her, then hesitated. He wouldn’t go
“Sorry,” Dean muttered.
Suddenly, Dean realized that this wasn’t the first time this had happened. The punishment for treason
Dean squeezed his eyes shut in frustration and let loose an angry yell that was more of a sob than anything. He sounded helpless, and furious
trying to steal the life from those fiery green eyes? Dean was a living creature. He...
, that they meant death and destruction. He knew he should be afraid of them. The paintings of them that hung around the castle, their bloody teeth and sharp claws, were terrifying, especially to a four year-old.
I would like to go over some warnings before we get started. :) Number one, I think, is that Castiel is an assassin and that is not brushed over. There's no really graphic, gory stuff, but he does not try to hide that fact. He threatens Dean and is generally not very nice at first. Throughout the story, there are multiple mentions of killing/torturing people, Dean's abusive experiences with his father, and the bad treatment he endures at the hands of his classmates at school (nothing more than teasing). If any of these trigger you, please think twice about reading! The sections of this story are too large for me to properly warn about something right before it happens, and the very last thing I want is for anyone to get hurt. Stay safe, beautiful readers!
Ishim fired another fireball at him. Castiel ducked out of the way, smearing mud on his scales as he dove to escape the lower path of the projectile. He could feel the blast of heat singe his tail, a yelp of pain leaving his throat.
of humans. The soldier in Castiel couldn’t help but think that one well-placed fireball could cause mass destruction.
. God, did he try. Dean stayed up late at night sometimes, convincing himself of all the good things that had happened that day. Sometimes, things
But Dean couldn’t deny, staring into that fridge full of food and remembering the blue-eyed Alpha’s gentle smile, that he desperately wished that the mark belonged to Cas.
He yawned as he began to dress in the clothes he’d set out for the day the night before. His sweater and socks made him feel warmer and more awake. By the time he’d fully dressed and stumbled out of his room, he felt less like a zombie and more like a functioning human being.
“Simple things, yes,” Castiel admitted. “I’ve been told my rye sandwich is quite delicious. I can also cook pasta. I struggle when it comes to anything more than that, unfortunately.”
“You need to calm down, Dean,” Missouri said, voice low and firm, a wavering line of panic flickering through her words. “Jo, where is that damned-”
what that meant, knew the apology and newfound trust hidden there.
“I’m… I’m gonna turn off the lamp now.”
, Castiel realized. His mind turned once again to Dean, to what could be.
made things blinding.
he was so nervous. He didn’t really want to analyze it, either. It was easier to just chalk it up to being worried about having good manners. He didn’t want to fuck anything up, but he
“Fascinating,” the doctor said, seeming unfazed by the curse that had been thrown at him. “You have your own language, too. It’s beautiful.” He smiled sincerely at Dean, then backed up a step with a wince. “I apologize, you’re asking me to leave. I should give you some privacy now. I assume you’re tired.”
The last thing Castiel’s conscious mind could come up with was
Castiel chuckled softly, seeming thankfully unfazed. “That’s fine, I understand.” He held out one large hand, an offering to help Dean off of the bed. Dean ignored the hand, instead opting to grab his bee and slide off the mattress himself. The blue-eyed Alpha quirked an amused smile at him. “I brought breakfast.”
something, and the other half spent thinking of Dean. What was the Omega doing right now? It was late afternoon, so he was probably at work. Castiel felt a little better as he realized he’d be able to walk Dean home tonight. He was going to get to see Dean soon.
Castiel was endlessly surprised by Dean. The other boy managed to completely shatter any remaining assumptions Castiel had originally made about him. Dean was smart and funny, sweet and thoughtful, humble and kind. He was nothing like the cocky, smarmy asshole Castiel had taken him to be when he’d first seen him. Dean was shockingly charming. It was getting to the point where it might be a slight problem.
This is it! Enjoy. ;)
This is different, though. This isn’t sex. It isn’t sex, but somehow, it makes Dean’s cheeks pink
Anyway, I have a couple warnings. Dean doesn't have the greatest mindset when it comes to things like panic attacks/anxiety/crying/that sort of stuff. Yes, this is John Winchester's fault, yes it gets fixed, but no, it doesn't get remedied right now. Dean also has a not-great relationship with food, which he explains (in his own way) somewhere midway through the chapter. Once again, it gets fixed, but not right now.
It was a beautiful day, ironically. So nice that Dean and Castiel went to the park and got ice cream. They walked around for a little, but they ended up sitting on a bench for most of it. While Dean had mostly gotten over his bout of the flu, he still got fatigued easier than normal. His nose was also still congested. He was carrying around tissues in his pocket because of it.
with Azazel and Asmodeus, can’t you fucking
Castiel heard when Dean inserted his first finger inside himself. He gave a beautiful, breathy little whine, his gorgeous green eyes fluttering shut. Castiel relished the tension that had seized through his warm, soft body, ran his fingers up and down Dean’s trembling muscles as his husband worked to move his own finger in and out of himself. Dean always got so embarrassed about pleasuring himself, it was adorable. The pink flush that highlighted his freckles when he did it was one of Castiel’s favorite things in the world.
The Alpha blinked at him, seemingly startled by Dean’s questions. “I’m unharmed, yes. They were tailing me because I managed to apprehend one of their younger recruits and steal some valuable information. I don’t believe they’ll be too eager for revenge after the initial chase.” The Alpha paused, frowning thoughtfully. “I’m not quite sure why I’m telling you this.”
Castiel nodded, profoundly grateful for his sister’s wisdom and kindness. Of anyone to find him, Anna was the best. She was gentle and kind, as well as smart. She wouldn’t just try to kill him without hearing him out first.
. “You shot before I had a chance to talk him down.”
to take you into the air. Without a saddle, without-“
“Fine!” Castiel slammed his hands on the table as he stood, startling a nearby table of customers. He didn’t even look at them, too busy forcing his laptop back into his bag. Castiel snatched his unfinished sandwich off the table and edged himself out of the booth, not even bothering to look at Dean as he left. Something in his chest was itching. That whole conversation had rubbed him the wrong way. He felt like he needed to punch something.
“I won’t go east.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Benny shrugged. “It could. If it doesn’t, we’ll try something else.”
“Sure thing,” Dean replied. He watched Castiel turn and leave, stood there like a dumbass in the middle of his room until Castiel rounded the corner and disappeared from sight. It was only when there was no more excuse for Dean to
“I’m not sure you understood me,” Michael said smoothly, voice cold. “I would like to see my
Unfortunately for him, Doctor Novak didn’t seem to share the sentiment.
Castiel hummed, pleased, and slowed his hand’s motion. He stroked a thumb underneath the sensitive head, causing Dean’s knees to quake. He groaned softly, the pleasure lighting him up inside with little sparks of sensation. It felt a little like his brain was being fried, but in a good way.
Okay, one last thing. I have an ending for this story, but upon reading your rather... spicy comments about how awful Michael is (there's nothing wrong with it, the pure hatred makes me cackle), I need to ask: what's your preferred ending? How do you want Michael to be dealt with? I'm just curious, since I don't think my current ending will be very popular right now lol. (And please, make your suggestions realistic! I would love to see Michael be burned at the stake, but we're about three hundred years past that ;)
He knew that it had been months. The light stubble he’d had before this whole nightmare had started had turned into a full-on beard, his usually-cropped hair dropping to shoulder-length. Dean’s limbs, which had once been packed with smooth muscle, were now wasted and skeletal. His skin had turned ghost-white and pale, a product of his not seeing the sun since he’d been thrown into this hellhole.
“Good job today,” Dean offered, hoping Castiel wasn’t mad at him for some reason.
gotten lucky. He was the one with the good fortune.
who’d caused it. He felt a small smile curve at his vessel’s lips. Perhaps punishing Dean could be… enjoyable. He silently reasoned that the part that was enjoyable was not the causing of the pain itself, but the way Dean became more comfortable and happier once he realized he was forgiven.
“Winchester!” Coach Singer shouted, startling Castiel out of his thoughts. He looked up from where he’d been looking at the water, frowning. As the senior captain, Castiel knew pretty much everyone on the team. He didn’t remember anyone with that kind of surname. Unless Winchester was a freshman...
Dean gritted his teeth, fighting back the urge to growl at the man. If he didn’t acknowledge the human, maybe he’d go away. Unfortunately, even his anger was making the doctor excited. Castiel moved around the back of the tank to the side, eyes wide as he took in the green-gold arch of Dean’s flared dorsal fin.
Dean sucked in a deep, steadying breath. “Yeah, I want to.” He prayed that Castiel would just believe him and that would be the end of the conversation.
“I’m not
“Truly, Balthazar,” Castiel said, needing this man to understand how grateful he was. “Thank you for your words.”
“Why were you here in the first place?” Castiel asked, curious.
~>>>~
The writer quirked a small smile at his laptop screen, shaking his head. He would have been angry that Dean hadn’t kept his promise to be home on time—probably
“Apologies, ma’am.” Dean gave her his best smile. “That’s the sound of freedom.” He winked and turned away, ducking into the passenger seat of the Impala to pull out a beautiful bouquet of flowers.
Instead of answering, Dean lifted his chin in a physical show of defiance. Then, slowly and deliberately, he swiveled and pointed the gun past the line of defensive Demons, past Azazel, past Asmodeus.
Castiel shook his head, understanding. “There are two tubes in our throats. One is for food, as you observed. The other is for oxygen and fire. The fire chamber is right underneath the lungs. When we want to heat our fire, we release a muscle that allows the oxygen to flow from the lungs to the fire chamber as well.”
(See the end of the chapter for
admitted that they weren’t from him, one or both of them could have at least
“I’m Dean,” the Omega told him. “I probably shouldn’t tell you my last name, but it’s Smith.”
“What happened?” Castiel demanded, throwing Dean off guard for a moment. The Alpha moved like liquid smoke to kneel in front of Dean, grabbing his wrist in surprisingly gentle hands. “These... Good God, Dean, these look like handprints.”
to random strangers, nice as Jo was. “Uh, yeah, I think I got someone.” He pulled out his phone and got Cas’s message info before he could even think. He handed it to her before he could second-guess it and change the person to Sam.
Michael showed up four minutes after Gabriel did, all three of them standing on the rooftop Castiel had given them directions to. Well, two of them were standing. Castiel was pacing like a predator crammed into a tiny cage, and Gabriel was a little afraid of what would happen when he was released. He could just barely feel Mike’s disturbance beside him.
, I can leave all the fucking hickeys I want on his neck!” Immediately after he’d finished speaking, Dean flushed dark red. “Shit. Sorry, Garth.”
Dean turned around and dumped the ingredients on the counter, trying to hide how badly his hands were shaking. The Alpha, who’d been crouching on the floor of his living room, straightened and peered over the counter at the food.
Castiel flinched, looking up at Anna. Her face was neutral. Stony. But her eyes… there was something almost warm there. “You’re not angry?” Castiel asked.
“I think Clyde’s mad,” Dean whispered.
Dean would give a lot of things to feel safe. He would do a lot of things to understand the definition of home. Baking cookies?
that had crackled in the air when Castiel had spat that stream of fire was intense. Not to mention how utterly wrecked that silver bastard had been. There was no doubting Castiel’s ability to kill, if there had been any doubt in the first place. Dean had been terrified, initially, of being burned simply by proximity. It seemed that what had been true before still stood now: Castiel would never hurt him.
He didn’t bother giving any more information. Instead, he turned and stepped into the tavern, ignoring the shouts of joy that went up from the villagers behind him. Dean ignored the pain in his chest at his own words. That was just as useless.
“Do you make a habit of doing this?” Dean asked curiously.
Dean shrugged, looking contemplative. “Maybe. Hopefully. We’ll have to see.” He chewed thoughtfully on a piece of meat.
Slightly confused, Dean dared to enter the bedroom, blinking around. He only realized he’d brought his stuffed bee with him when he set it down on the bed, poking into the bathroom and walk-in closet. Castiel wasn’t there.
Well,
“Uh, tomorrow?” he says. “I don’t feel super gross. Just… super tired.”
Dean blinked sluggishly, realizing that Castiel’s chest was rising and falling slowly. He tried to match it, knowing he had to calm down before he made himself pass out. A distant, far away part of his brain recognized that he was having a panic attack. He was freaking out over something little, but it was okay, because he was having a bad day. And Michael was mad at him, and that really wasn’t good, but Cas wouldn’t be mad at him, and that was all that mattered.
“You changed me, Dean,” Castiel replied, the tears finally breaking. They slid down his face, leaving shiny tracks. Dean thought he saw faint steam rising in the air. “I love you.”
“Come on, Dean,” Castiel’s voice said, pulling him back to Earth. He felt a warm hand on his shoulder, guiding him forward gently. Castiel was leading him toward the kitchen. He was physically moving Dean, because apparently Dean was too stupid to do something as simple as walking.
The man finished suddenly, allowing Dean to sag against the wood of the pole. He threw the whip aside and unchained Dean’s wrists from the whipping post. All the strength drained from Dean’s muscles. He fell face-first into his own puddle of vomit, his body screaming in pain at the impact on the stone. Someone was laughing.
“Why would you do this?” he demanded, frantically trying to work through how they were going to get through this. There were at least seven or eight Demons on the other side of that canal, and with Luke a traitor, they were badly outnumbered.
how clever Alastair was. How manipulative. “
The dark-haired boy wasn’t quite sure why Dean liked him so much. He knew he was kind of a prickly asshole, and he hadn’t been very warm toward Dean especially. Despite his cold attitude, the green-eyed boy followed him like a lost puppy at meets and constantly had one-sided conversations with him during practice. The only time Dean ever shut up was when he physically couldn’t speak, too out of breath to do anything but gasp for air, cheeks pinked with exertion, water dripping off his face unimpeded.
When she got to his stomach, Dean tried not to suck in on instinct, knowing it was bad for her measurements. He almost knew what Michael was going to say before he said it.
“Mornin’, Sleeping Beauty,” Dean said over his shoulder, a reference Castiel only understood because Dean had made him watch the movie earlier in the year. “How’d you sleep?”
. After all, eloquence and subtlety weren’t exactly things Castiel and Dean were good at. And besides, Clyde had
Castiel held up a small, bloody fragment of metal. It was barely larger than the fingernail of his pinkie.
“Sure thing.”
“Great.” Dean wasn’t looking at him now. “Have you, uh… Have you set up a date and stuff yet?”
“Learned from random things,” Dean replied. He shrugged. “Heard things. Humans, my dad. Don’t know how to choose one.” Something about the merman’s tone told Castiel he wasn’t telling the whole truth, but he decided not to push. This was all so new; he didn’t want to put too much pressure on something this fragile and break it.
for him to vomit them back up. He shivered, though the day was warm, trying to school his face to neutrality.
He actually blinked in shock when he felt a familiar thread of heat run through him. The warning expression on his younger self’s face was familiar, like looking into a mirror. A raised eyebrow, the tightening of his mouth, the flash of darkness in his blue eyes. The flicker of understanding and apprehension in answering green as Dean realized exactly what was going to happen tonight.
Dean came with a broken cry, his insides contracting against Castiel. It was enough to push him over the edge. Castiel shouted Dean’s name into his skin, his whole body shuddering with the force of his climax. For a moment, all Castiel could feel was intense, whiteout pleasure.
The Alpha smiled, evidently pleased with himself. “I’m glad. The breakfast place in the lobby is very popular.”
Dean had never liked parties, but this one made him want to scream.
Dean was feeling much better when he exited the bathroom. He still felt like he’d been hit by an eighteen-wheeler, but he felt less like he was going to pass out and more like he just needed to sleep for a week. He shuffled down the hall from the bathroom, heading for where Castiel’s room threw a rectangle of golden light in the darkness.
Ishim snarled, batting away the arrow easily. He turned to Castiel, hazel eyes glowing with anger and deep, utter disgust. It hurt something in Castiel’s chest to see his former friend look at him like that. “
Raphael still had scars on his ankle from the snakes that had been in that ditch. They’d been young, but Gabriel remembered his brother’s screech of pain and fear when he’d been bitten. Luke had just laughed, delighted at the ‘prank’ he’d played on his sibling. It still chilled Gabriel’s blood to think of it.
“Hey there,” Dean said, giving her his usual charming smile. “We’re looking to get a room. You got any?”
Castiel murmured a thank-you, informed Dean that he was going to be using some of his toothpaste, and headed into the bathroom to get changed.
Oof. Poor babies.
“For your mouth,” he said, noting the fact that Dean’s gills were flat on his neck and barely noticeable. “It’s smoky, and I have a feeling you’ll be more sensitive to it. Come on, we need to go,
Dean swallowed, nodding. Despite what he’d said before, he honestly liked the idea of going to the bakery with Castiel more than the thought of staying in this apartment by himself. It was a ridiculous fear, but Dean was a little scared that Michael might show up anyway. Dean wasn’t sure what he’d do if he did, but he knew that Michael was probably pissed. Angrier than Dean had ever made him, Dean was pretty sure.
Castiel frowned at the unexpected aggression. “Why do you say that?”
Dean stole a glance at his roommate, smiling a little at how messy Castiel’s hair was. His blue eyes were sleepy but content, and instead of flopping down in front of the computer or a textbook, he wandered over to the couch and sat down to turn on some cartoons. Dean smiled at the familiarity of their typical Saturday routine.
over my own kind. And I blamed him. I got scared. So I threw him out and kicked him away, because I was afraid of… Of…”
“We’re about an hour out from the place we’re supposed to stay in tonight,” Dean said when they climbed back into the Impala after finishing lunch. “You wanna stop anywhere? Not a whole lotta shit out here to see, but we’ve made good time.”
Cam laughed quietly, Benny chuckling wickedly beside him. They were bastards, the both of them. Castiel looked away to hide his smile.
that you treat her with respect,” he snarled lowly. “You do
Castiel eventually decided to go slow. He could always speed up if he sensed Dean returning to consciousness. For now, he was gentle and cautious as he carefully pulled Dean’s arms from where they were gripping almost desperately at him.
The first time he’d ever met Castiel, he’d been half-dead with drop sickness. He hadn’t been in real subspace since he’d presented, a good six years ago. The doctor he’d finally gone to, embarrassed but scared of the idea of his body shutting down, had recommended he find a real Dominant immediately.
The smell of cooking food was just as therapeutic as loading magazines. It was kind of funny how differently those two actions turned out. Dean started on the frosting while the cookies baked, still moving like a robot.
“There’s only one bathtub, though,” Dean pointed out. Only one bath
“’Night,” Dean replied, before he could stop himself. He could only watch as the doctor beamed at him, then stumbled out the door. A few moments later, it was swinging inward with a low groan.
Dean cursed as the point of the knife dug into his skin. It wasn’t very sharp, not even enough to break skin, but it caused him to swear and it caught on his sweatshirt sleeve. All of that was enough to draw Castiel’s attention. Dean knew what was coming right before it happened.
“They have a saltwater tank, I believe,” Alastair replied. “It’s just down the hall from here.”
“-Cas,
The kicking didn’t continue, thank God, but Dean was roughly heaved to his feet soon after. He was still fighting to get oxygen back into his aching chest, so the Alpha with the gag had no trouble wrenching his mouth open and shoving the cloth inside. He tied it painfully tight behind Dean’s head, slapping Dean hard for good measure. “Fucking bitch,” the Alpha with the bleeding hand snarled.
Jimmy snorted. “I don’t doubt that.” He eyed Dean appraisingly, nodding slightly to himself. “This was more productive than I thought it was. Thank you for the information.”
“Yeah! Yeah, of course I do,” Dean said, eyes flicking up to Castiel’s for a split second before going back to the piece of meat in his hands. He sighed, looking uncomfortable. “I would like to, uh, take a break, though. Is that okay?”
“The universe works in mysterious ways. I’m sure I’ll find my soulmate someday,” Castiel said. He sounded calm, almost wistful. Dean couldn’t help but hate the person he was thinking of.
“Cas, your wings are pretty freaking cool,” Dean said, more to himself than to the dragon. He glanced behind them at the black-to-blue flaps of leather, a small smile twisting his lips. “They have a lot of stuff that goes into making ‘em work. It’s kinda awesome.” Dean blinked at the dragon’s tail, at the way it seemed to work with the wings to keep them afloat. “Actually, your whole system is awesome. This is amazing.”
Dean hummed to the classic rock he’d put on, grabbing a polishing rag so he could try to get a look at the final product. The client was coming in the very second they opened, and Dean could bet she’d be here
“You wouldn’t be there the entire time. In the past, I had the models take breaks. Now, I usually snap a couple pictures and finish.” Balthazar grinned, spreading his hands. “Very convenient and very efficient. It works great for when I’m feeling a little pent-up as well, if you catch my drift.” He winked again.
The water was too hot, too still, not salty enough. Dean gritted his teeth at the feeling, wishing for the cool, ever-changing darkness of the ocean. The only good thing that had come of all of this was the knowledge that Sammy hadn’t been captured. At least his little brother was safe. That was the only thing Dean could cling to that didn’t make him want to scream his lungs out.
Dean sagged, exhausted, and felt the welts on his back throb as they brushed against the soft surface of the nest. Castiel’s wings seemed to have lowered a little, the fire dying from the dragon’s eyes, as if Dean’s exhaustion was contagious.
He closed his eyes and clenched his fists where he rested them on the top of the counter. He’d been waiting for the pie to bake and completing an assignment in the meantime, but like every time he’d tried to get something done these days, he’d found himself thinking of Dean. They weren’t even normal thoughts, either. Castiel wasn’t just thinking about what he’d like to eat or if Dean had finished the laundry or if they’d taken the trash out. He was thinking of the soft, fluffy mess of Dean’s hair in the morning, of the plush curve of his lips when he was tired but still managing to make a joke about something stupid, the gorgeous green of his eyes when the morning sunlight hit them just right. Castiel wondered what it would be like to close his eyes and wrap himself around Dean and wake up that way too. He wondered what it would be like to be able to hug Dean just
“What do you mean?” Castiel asked. “How have we—”
He went to turn around, hearing the phantom footsteps a split second before he did so. Only Michael’s lightning-fast reflexes saved him from getting Castiel’s knife through his throat.
“You don’t have a plan,” Castiel summarized. “You’re frightened and injured, disoriented and lost. You don’t know where you are. You don’t even know how to fix that.” He nodded at the injury the merman was currently squeezing, feeling his chest twist as the creature looked away. He knew the look in those green eyes. Defeat. Castiel hesitated for a moment, knowing this was stupid, knowing it was a risk, but... “I know how to fix it.”
Dean fought the tightness in his throat, remembering orders from eternities ago.
Castiel’s eyes widened with rage, the pressure on Dean’s ribs becoming even fiercer. It was getting really hard to breathe. “How would you know?” Castiel roared, the fury in his eyes causing Dean to flinch. “You couldn’t understand us! You’re nothing more than a little pest. An infestation that relies on weapons to fight. If your species didn’t have the help of cannons and catapults, we would have weeded you out long ago.”
He got none.
Okay, I'm SORRY. *ducks rotten tomatoes being thrown* I KNOW it's another cliffhanger. I was totally prepared for this one too. I looked at my fic yesterday and was like, "Oh yeah, I have to post tomorrow." And then I looked at the next chapter that was being posted and I was like, "Oh shit, a cliffhanger."
Dean sighed, bracing himself. There was really no possible way for Castiel to be a bad guy. He’d been holding out, wary of trusting the man just in case it was an elaborate trick, but there was no way Castiel was tricking him now. The damage they’d done was already too great. There was no going back.
He was in the last heat of every event he’d been signed up for. He was in two relays, the anchor for one and the starter for another. His two individual events were listed as the two hundred freestyle and fifty freestyle. Easy day.
~>>>~
it, Cas was going to be
The water was too warm and too still, just like all the water here, but Dean smiled a little as he realized that there was at least a hint more salt in there. Someone had attempted to make this a little bit better, and it made him feel slightly safer. It was a stupid thing, he knew, but he couldn’t help it. Flipping out into the middle of the pool, Dean observed the doctor on the other side of the room.
“Is it done?” he managed. He tried to sound impatient and angry, but it came out watery and possibly a little frightened. Dean swallowed roughly in embarrassment.
And okay, yeah, Castiel was a major bonus, too. Dean loved having his friend with him when he watched movies. For how intelligent he was, Castiel was shockingly uneducated when it came to pop culture. Dean had slowly been fixing that throughout their stay in college, but it was still a work in progress. Even then, it was sort of fun to introduce Castiel to
. Dean groaned a little as he remembered the events of the night before, rolled over, and found himself face-to-face with Castiel.
Castiel pounded his wings hard, heading for the northern wall. He couldn’t see any dragons yet, but he figured he’d spot them once they got closer. That proved to be a wrong assumption, however, as Castiel swooped over the wall and saw nothing.
Anna frowned, looking him over. Her eyes returned to his face, firm but gentle. “You are my brother. You will never cease to be. But I beg you to decide. You cannot go east, you know that. You cannot run from this. Like it or not, the gods have decided you have a part to play in this war. So you must decide.”
“Where would you like to go, if you could go anywhere, Dean?” Castiel asked. He turned from where he’d been looking at the ceiling to Dean’s face, his eyes curious. “Outside of the country, I mean.”
that I was. The answer was right in front of me all along.”
Cas still wasn’t sure what had happened. All he knew was that the artifact in the Bunker had been cursed—so very, obviously cursed—and he’d touched it before Dean could because he knew that he’d rather get hurt than his beloved human. And then he’d felt incredibly ill, and then he’d woken up on the floor of a dingy motel room with a much younger version of the Winchester boys standing over him.
He’d gotten to the top of West Tower just in time to see Azazel rip off the stone battlement like it was made of paper. With the roof torn off, the dragon could easily slither up the side of the tower and peer into the top room, grinning like a gigantic snake.
Footsteps sounded behind the door. Dean sucked in a breath, straightening instinctively. His shoulders lifted, went back. His arms twitched, fighting against the urge to slip behind him so he could clasp his left wrist with his right hand. He kept his gaze up, even though everything in him wanted to drop it to the bee-themed welcome mat beneath his feet.
Castiel’s face morphed from one of rage to one of cold impassivity. He lightened the weight on Dean’s ribs. In a single, elegant move, the dragon stood. He brushed himself off, as if touching Dean had gotten him dirty.
Dean released a soft moan as his angel started massaging the shampoo into his hair. “Y-Yeah, that, uh… It sucked. I, uh…
close to a human other than Dean and the villagers from the night before.
a coward. “I just said he wasn’t, did I not? Dean Winchester is one of the bravest, most courageous humans I know.”
. It made sense. To him, this
Dean was wondering in his head.
That still didn’t make him feel any better, if he was being honest with himself. He felt like he was somehow betraying Dean.
Hence, he’d been expecting more resistance from Dean when he told him that the older, softer version of himself would be joining them for this session. Instead, all he got was a flutter of eyelashes as Dean looked down and a quiet, “Yeah, okay.”
Dean grabbed the rag from the sink again. Castiel jerked into motion then, turning away so he could walk to the front door before he had to see Dean start cleaning. Dean didn’t say anything else as he left.
Castiel blinked, shocked. It was such an un-Dean thing to say that he had a sneaking suspicion that Dean hadn’t even said it, or at least, he hadn’t thought of it. Dean was proud of his taste in food, proud of his ability to cook cheap ingredients and make them seem like they belonged in a five-star restaurant. His palate was impeccable. His taste for food was one of the few things he was openly proud of.
By the time Castiel had finished, he’d listened to Dean talk excitedly through the project he’d been working on. He’d explained that the culinary school provided basic food, but if he wanted to do anything fancy, he had to bring that himself. He’d been struggling to come up with a recipe to use for his quarter final, in which he needed to cook something original. He didn’t have enough money to purchase special ingredients, he explained, so he was trying to find something that was simple but effective.
There’s a pause, in which Dean thinks he’s going to die right there in that stupid kitchen, and then Castiel’s hands are on him, gently guiding him to drop the spatula and turn around. Dean resists at first, simply because he
I KNOW HE DIDN'T SAY IT. I AM A W A R E.
anything. Dean needed to stop behaving like a fucking pussy and take whatever the hell was coming to him, because he’d earned it. He felt the familiar dread settle in over him like a twisted version of a weighted blanket. Dean felt just like when he was a kid and had fucked up. Walking to Michael’s car felt like walking to his father’s duffle to get his belt for him.
“I have class in thirty minutes,” Castiel reminded him.
Dean’s throat ached. His head had begun to throb painfully. His back was hurting from staying in this little hunched-over position, too, but none of those sensations compared to the relief he could feel in his chest. This felt... it felt
Castiel shook his head. “I have fought on the front lines of the war for many years. I’ve seen some of the best warriors in the world, and none of them compare to your mastery of the sword.”
Dean’s body was soft and pliant, vulnerable in a way that made Castiel simultaneously protective and awed. To have his larger-than-life friend be so small in his arms was something he didn’t think he’d ever forget.
Castiel shook him awake once they got back to the apartment. What followed was the painful process of unpacking. They alternated between doing laundry and unpacking food, both of them not talking much. Castiel had to go into the bakery early the next day, so he ate some spaghetti Dean managed to throw together and then bid him goodnight.
“Sure you are, pretty,” the Alpha croaked. “You just don’t know it.” He grinned at Dean with horrible yellow teeth, something cruel flashing in his gray eyes. Dean shivered. “You got a mate, pretty thing?”
Castiel split off as they reached the entrance to the rundown apartments. “I’ll meet you up there,” he said. Before he could stare too long at Dean’s amused smile, he peeled himself away and went to locate the place he usually scaled. He was in Dean’s apartment before the Omega even got to the top of his set of stairs.
“How were your classes?” Dean asked as he grabbed a fork, eyes gleaming as he eyed the slice of pie Castiel had brought over.
“We have to do
Dean bit his lip, guilt flashing through him again. “No, not really. Sorry.”
Castiel said nothing as he came into the kitchen. He squinted a little at the light, but he merely came up and wrapped his arms around Dean from behind, pressing a gentle kiss to the back of his neck. In an inhuman, gravel-deep rumble, Castiel asked, “Nightmares?”
(See the end of the chapter for
All the air left Dean’s lungs.
“Your job is
Dean woke up warm.
Castiel’s face softened slightly. “I’m not angry with you, Dean. Trust me.”
“I don’t think I can do that,” Castiel managed. “I don’t know what I would do if I was wrong in my assumptions. Besides, he has a soulmate. I can’t just… I can’t just get in the way of that.” He looked at Balthazar, half for approval and half for help.
“I’m going to release your restraints,” he said slowly when he thought the merman had calmed a little, wondering if he was insane. “If you try to hurt me, I won’t hesitate to press the alarm button and then the buzzer on your collar.” Castiel held up the little device that would allow him to do both in the blink of an eye. “This is just to make you feel less trapped. If you act out, you won’t like the consequences.”
He drew back on the bow, arrow straining. The bow was old, the wood groaning with the effort, but it was sound enough. It had helped Dean take down more than a few deer and rabbits. If he really thought of it, these were just slightly different animals. Bigger and smarter and louder, but they bled and died just the same.
“He’s not my
Castiel nodded ever-patient and understanding. He was a Goddamn saint. “Thank you for telling me, Dean,” he said kindly. “How about we get you into the shower, and then into bed? Or are you hungry?”
It was tempting to stay in bed, to just close his eyes and go back to sleep next to Castiel, but there was too much for Dean to think about. The weight of everything that had happened the night before weighed on him like a physical force on his chest. Castiel was warm and comfortable, but it was hard to breathe. Dean tentatively kissed him again, then pulled himself out of bed.
Anna snorted. “Castiel, I can see in your eyes that your feelings are not unrequited. You know the power you hold over that human just the same as you know the power he holds over you. You
It didn’t help that he also felt guilty. He knew he should be excited to celebrate his soulmate’s birthday. Hell, he’d been excited to celebrate Cas’s, why was this any different?
Castiel turned around and nearly passed out.
In a few powerful sweeps of his tail, he arced over the bulging net of struggling fish, cutting where he could. He knew that no number of rips and tears would save all the fish and other creatures that had been caught, but he had to try. The ones that he could save were better than nothing.
Smiling at his friend, Castiel climbed in as well. He wasn’t going to object to a long car ride with Dean. In a way, it was like a mini road trip, similar to the one they took to Palo Alto every summer.
Dean moaned a little, blinking at him. His eyes were glazed with tears and fever, unfocused and terrifyingly blank. “Huh?”
,” Benny replied easily. “Now don’t fuck it up.”
“Let’s play a little game,” Alastair said, nasally voice echoing. “You’re going to comply with our demands. Every time you don’t, Dean-o here loses a finger.”
“Nah,” Dean replied, shaking his head. “Super rare. Most of us are in hiding.” He didn’t say any more, just sat and waited for the inevitable. Castiel was smart. He’d get it soon enough.
Dean sobbed and nodded, face crumpling. He leaned forward shakily and pressed his too-warm forehead against Castiel’s shoulder. “Gods, Cas, I thought you were dead,” he sobbed, voice absolutely destroyed, whether from screaming or choking on water, Castiel didn't know.
He must have fallen asleep at some point, because when he opened his eyes again, the dim outlines of his room were gone and the only thing he could see was the red, glowing light of the numbers on his clock. 3:46 a.m.
It stung. Dean knew, of course, that he could take care of himself on a normal basis. He never really feared for his own safety, except when he was walking home alone at night. But in heat, with his body weak and his hormones and emotions running wild, he wouldn’t be at the top of his game at all. It was a painful reminder of just how pathetic he and his designation were.
Dean felt a shot of anxiety go through him as he looked down. The ground was far,
Garth headed back into the front to take care of a customer as they came in, allowing Dean to finish checking that everything in the kitchen was accounted for. He said goodbye to Anna as she clocked off and prepared to head to her afternoon class, her fiery hair pulled back in a ponytail.
“Arrows,” Dean replied, snapping on his gauntlets and wrist guards with quick, efficient pops. “Tell me where the soft spots are. Where do I aim? I have a feeling Alastair will be wary of his eyes. He knows how Asmodeus died.”
“No,” Dean said. “It’s… uh, it’s Michael.” He swallowed and opened the text, feeling cold all of a sudden. Was it cold in the grocery store? No, he was wearing a hoodie. Castiel’s, actually. For some reason, knowing he was wearing his roommate’s hoodie made him feel dirty, like he was cheating on his soulmate.
“He keeps attempting to set me up with customers,” Castiel said, eyeing the pen. “Just short of grabbing them and demanding to see their left shoulders, in fact. He’s—Dean, could you please stop tapping that?”
was bare. His face flushed darkly at the thought.
Wednesday seemed to come far too slowly and not slowly enough. On the one hand, Castiel was hoping he and Dean would return to normal after this date was over. On the other, he was dreading it with every fiber of his being. Castiel hated social situations. He hated one-on-one conversations. He would hate this even more, because Dean wasn’t going to be here.
Dean pressed into Castiel’s knee subconsciously. His friend pressed back, a gentle weight. It was enough to settle Dean’s mind a little, help him push back the whispering voices until they were nearly unnoticeable. He didn’t want his time with Cas to be ruined by the echoes of his father’s words.
Dean was too exhausted to care that they were both naked. He pressed himself against his Alpha’s bare chest, relishing the miles of warm, soft skin he was being given access to. The water washed away the blockers Castiel was wearing, allowing his scent to fill the bathroom. The combined smells of protective Alpha and tired, hurt Omega made Dean a little dizzy. He leaned on Castiel for support, too exhausted to feel ashamed for being so needy.
He looked so earnest, so caring, that Dean almost caved and said yes. It would be so easy to sit down and rest for a little bit, especially since he’d been on his feet all day. Dean would love nothing more than to curl up on the couch next to Castiel and fall asleep.
When Castiel banked lightly to the right, Dean leaned into it instead of fighting the weight change. It was scary at first, to feel gravity tug at him from one direction, but he found that if he kept his knees locked into their place at the juncture of Castiel’s shoulders, he could stay pretty much in the same position. His grip on the dragon’s scales was relaxed. His muscles were still tense, his heart still racing, but it wasn’t
Castiel had been so wrapped up in himself, in thinking about what his brothers and sisters would say if they’d seen him flying with a human on his back, that he’d completely forgotten how much Dean had been sacrificing. If he
I can't believe we've gotten so far. *sniffles* Our babies are all grown up and in love and ready to die. :'(
I know, I KNOW. Y'all wanted a nice, drawn-out conversation where there was lots of nice communication and talking about feelings. You got... whatever that was. It was Dean and Castiel's fault, not mine. They do their own thing.
Benny frowned at Castiel. “What do you mean by that?” He still sounded... wary. Guarded? Something was off.
Dean turned eighteen, got his driver’s license without his father’s knowledge or consent, took off with Sam, and never looked back. Sam lived with Aunt Ellen and Uncle Bobby, who’d helped Dean get a license, until he was old enough to go to college. Dean took classes at a community college until he had a degree and was able to enroll in the best cooking school Lawrence had to offer. Sam headed to Stanford, and then both of them suddenly had possible futures for the first time in their lives.
“I have to extract the splinters,” Missouri explained. It was evident that she was trying to be calm, though her firm voice wavered. “It has to be done, dragon.”
Dean snorted, glancing over at Castiel at a red light. “Seems that even though you’re older, your ability to wait for shit hasn’t improved. Patience, young Padawan. Trust me, it’ll be worth it.” He winked, then hit the gas when the light turned green.
