He heard Sherlock shift slightly in his bed behind him as he tapped his fingers against the side of his leg nervously. He was suddenly aware of his heart pounding against his chest like a fucking drum, his ribcage beginning to ache from it all. He swallowed once more, his palms slick with sweat as he clenched and unclenched his hands at his sides.
“I absolutely hated that wine, I don’t know how she drank so much.” John smirked and shrugged, closing the door behind him before locking it for the night.
But when the pale faced, gentle giant of a man he adored so much was sitting on the edge of the bed, staring at him like this, like a lost child amongst a sea of people...he just couldn’t be mad. Not right now.
It shouldn’t have taken him as long to figure out, but it took another one of Rosie’s static cries from the other end of the monitor for Sherlock to scramble up the stairs, gripping onto the railing for support and ignoring the bile building in his throat.
“Right. Well...Jody had told me she was gonna be late, so I didn’t think much when she hadn’t called me before midnight. She doesn’t go out often, but...her friends insisted…” His voice trailed off and John watched Sherlock’s eyes fly open in annoyance.
In time, it ended up being a good 3 months since the note incident. John watched Sherlock slowly begin to lose his sense of paranoia, taking on cases again and distracting himself. It was easy to forget even the scariest of things when you kept yourself busy enough, and John was thankful. The two of them were beginning to forget the note gathering dust in their desk drawer in the living room completely, and John almost forgot about the entire thing.
“You are going to sleep this off, and we will discuss this in the morning,” he remarked bluntly, his voice far too calm to show how angry he actually was. Sherlock Holmes was an absolute dick for doing this to him, for going out and breaking his streak of being sober and then coming to him and crying and it just...it wasn’t fair, and John knew this. He did.
Why didn’t he just say it back?
It pained his entire body to do so, but Sherlock found himself gently laying John onto the wooden stage beneath them, resisting the urge to just sit there and sob. He laid his head down gently, thankful that his eyes were shut; he looked like he was sleeping.
Sherlock refrained from looking in John’s direction at all; he didn’t want to see his face. He kept his mouth shut, jaw still clenched tightly as he wiped any and all emotion from his face, refusing to let him see what was going on inside his head. Moriarty rolled his eyes in response, turning back to his table.
Beat. John could hear alarms going off in his brain, sharp and loud. Sherlock’s hands were still on his thighs and he began to talk again.
They had seen a lot of shit together, most of it pretty fucking bad. He figured that, at least at some point, Sherlock had to have suffered some sort of breakdown. The entire world seemed like it was set out to get him, sometimes.
“That and your stubborn boyfriend would never come to Scotland Yard for help.” John made a face in response, the two of them exchanging a look of agreement before he nodded.
“Everything’s serious business with you, Mycroft.” Mycroft tapped his stick on the floor in annoyance, glaring daggers at his little brother.
“Fine, John Watson…” John smiled and sat up quickly, perching himself on his knees.
John blinked, watching as Lestrade began to stutter out apologies. “Oh God...I didn’t…” He cleared his throat awkwardly, avoiding his eyes. “I had no idea…” John shook his head quickly, laughing a bit.
“If you get sick, come get me. I’ll be down the hall tonight,” he murmured quietly before flipping the switch. He turned to leave, wanting nothing more than to escape the room but found himself being pulled back almost immediately, nearly stumbling on his own feet as a large hand grabbed ahold of his wrist.
He kissed with a certain sense of uncertainty, yet at the same time John could swear he’d been doing this for years. It was deep, just like he was, full of pushed down feeling and emotions and it felt like a tsunami hitting at him all at once. He barely recognized his own hands moving upward to grab ahold of his waist, the thin fabric of his shirt rustling against his fingertips as he gripped onto it. Sherlock merely hummed in response, tilting John downward ever so slightly to deepen the kiss.
“Of course he’s welcome inside...Sherlock!” A shiver ran down his spine and he tried his best to ignore it, swallowing down all his fear in order to lift his head up and meet the man’s eyes.
“John, I am so sorry…” Sherlock fell silent as John shushed him loudly, his breath hot against his skin. He felt him shake his head slowly, then bring his face up to meet Sherlock’s eyes.
“Goodnight, Sherlock…” he breathed out quietly, his eyes falling shut. A few beats passed, and John was almost positive he’d fallen asleep on him before he spoke up softly.
“I’m sorry, John! I’m so, so sorry!”
“It’s snowing outside,” he replied, pointing aimlessly at what he hoped was the window before dropping his hand limply back into his lap. Sherlock hummed in response, the two of them locking eyes for a few moments. A calm silence filled the room, and then was broken with John’s sudden excited exclamation. “Let’s play Truth or Dare!”
“That may be so, but I think it’s just because she loves you.” Sherlock’s face turned a darker shade of pink and John was smirking now, balancing Rosie on his hip as he watched his boyfriend fidget with the spoon and empty jar in his hands.
John ignored him for a moment, getting everything together and putting the kettle on to boil before turning to face him directly once more, crossing his arms.
“It seems like everything is haunted for you.” John fought back the urge to roll his eyes, sighing softly as he tapped his lip with his finger carefully.
John tightened his hold on Rosie instinctively, taking a step forward and grabbing ahold of his arm. He quickly pulled him towards the edge of the sidewalk they were on, stepping halfway into the darkened alley in between two shops. People began to pass them without a second glance.
Sherlock was a mess, to say the least. His hair was a tangled mess of curls on top of his head, his jaw and chin littered with dark stubble. He was wearing his dark blue bathrobe, his pale arms crossed over his chest. He looked strangely out of place, being dressed like that and not at Baker Street. John felt a pang of uneasiness in his stomach at the thought of their old flat, now in charred ruins. He was scared at how similar he looked to how he did a few weeks earlier, full of drugs and God knows what else, just a couple steps away from death.
“You’re so impatient. John is just fine, I wouldn’t hurt him without you around to see it happen.” Sherlock closed his eyes at that, willing himself to keep his clenched hands buried inside of his pockets. He heard Moriarty turn on his heels, heavy footsteps beginning to walk forward and Sherlock followed quickly, opening his eyes once more.
“We just click. She likes listening to me play violin.” John snorted, shaking his head before he scooped Rosie up in his arms, sliding out of bed.
Rachel chewed on her lip carefully for a moment, as if taking the time to choose her words before she spoke again.
His stomach lurched sickeningly; he immediately slid his right hand over his left, the metal feeling like it was suddenly burning the skin right off of him.
“Of course it’s a normal thing, it just…” He shrugged a bit. “Usually happens to parents. But she’s taken a liking to you way faster than she ever did for me.”
“What did I do this time? Shoot you? Kill Lestrade?” he asked numbly as John eyed him carefully for a moment.
Sherlock glared angrily at him, still leaning forward so that the gun was pressing painfully into his skin. He watched silently as Moriarty reached his arm out, holding out the tiny glass vial to John.
Sherlock hadn’t come out of his room once in the week since they’d been back; well, at least not when John was home. John had wasted no time in throwing himself back into his work, anything to distract him from the blinking red lights he saw every time he shut his eyes, and Moriarty’s loud voice screaming in his ear when he laid in bed at night. Sherlock seemed to have done the opposite.
“Performance? What perfomance?” Sherlock tried his best to sound nonchalant, acting like he hadn’t nearly just run this man over to get inside but his heart was pounding rapidly against his ribcage. The sheer idea that John was inside there, right now, with Moriarty-
“I don’t understand. She sits in her chair and laughs in my face when I try to feed her.” Sherlock smirked, wiping up some of the food off her chin with the spoon before turning his head.
John listened to Sherlock’s breathing gradually slow down before turning back around slowly to his other side, glancing at him briefly.
“You know I love you.”
“Waste of time, John,” he replied, waving his hand absentmindedly as he hoisted himself up to sit on the counter beside the stove, his long legs dangling above the floor, the toes of his shoes scuffing the tile floor. “Will you put on some tea? Rosie and Molly will be here soon.”
He just needed John back.
“Do we have chimney sweeps anymore? Like, is that an actual job?” He took another swig from his bottle, his head still upside down as John hiccuped loudly, throwing his hands up as he shrugged.
“Dr. Watson, it’s been awhile! Is your blog going to make a comeback?”
Sherlock furrowed his brow in confusion but nevertheless scrambled to grab her, pulling her close to his chest. She sighed in sleepy contentment, immediately resting her head against his shoulder as he slid one arm beneath her for support, the other on her back.
But this time, it’s different. His stomach fills with dread because he knows who’s on his other side, who’s reaching out to touch him, and it’s the same person he just lost in a dream.
“Stop talking,” was all he managed out, and he found himself pushing himself up to stand off the floor, one arm already hooking its way around the detective’s waist. “Let’s get you to bed…”
The simple things he did were now fascinating to John; the way he put his coat on, and the way he scrolled through his phone with his index finger instead of this thumb sometimes. John was also embarrassed at the way his mind wandered now; Sherlock had an uncanny habit of spreading his legs when he sat in his chair at times and of course, had no idea he even did it. John had to turn away on many occasions while they were working on the flat, praying to God that Mrs. Hudson just would leave them be for a little bit.
“Will you help, Sherlock?” Sherlock lifted his head up immediately, furrowing his brow slightly and frowning.
Not anymore.
“Do it,” he managed to spit out, inhaling another sharp breath.
“Oh, it’s been paid for already.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow as John sat up a bit, looking slightly shocked.
His John.
“Look, I can send people out right now. It’s not a problem.” Greg seemed much more awake now, his own worry beginning to creep into his voice. John swallowed thickly, his stomach churning at the sheer thought of a police team having to go out and find his boyfriend.
When they got home, Sherlock immediately made a beeline for Rosie’s bedroom upstairs, mumbling something about taking care of her bedtime routine tonight. John merely sighed, watching him go before flopping down onto the couch in the living room, digging in his pocket and pulling out the now wrinkled receipt.
“60 seconds starting...now.” He wasn’t really aware of what he was doing, but Sherlock watched his hands fly forward immediately, grabbing the bottle closest towards him. They were all the same clear color and, for the lack of not knowing what to do, he began to shake each one violently, analyzing for any change in color or viscosity.
John looked up slowly, blinking a bit as he watched his boyfriend lift their daughter into his lap, bouncing her on his knee as he looked up and met his eyes. “John?” He raised an eyebrow, watching him carefully. “Well? What do you think?”
It was hard to find himself at peace, despite knowing the fact that he was about to die. He mostly just felt numb; all that talk about your life flashing before your eyes right before you die was bullshit. Even if it did, all Sherlock was going to see was John collapsing on the ground, on a loop in his head. That was his final act upon the Earth...not being able to save John Watson.
“I love you too much to put you through this again,” he whispered softly, his voice cracking pitifully. John’s chest ached painfully at his words, staring idly at the face of his very high, very sick boyfriend. He knew he should be upset, and he was; Sherlock had promised him after the Sherrinford incident that he’d steer clear of the drugs, and he had kept his promise for over a year now. For him to just throw it all away like this...well, it said something.
He probably could if he tried hard enough.
“I’m coming, I’m coming, Jesus Christ…” He opened the door and pulled it back, meeting Mycroft’s slightly angry face on the other side of the doorway.
“Rumors are going to start!”
And really, truth be told John had already formulated 3 possible scenarios that could’ve resulted in this particular crime scene, but despite the fact that he was more than likely going to be wrong he began to speak anyway, knowing Sherlock was going to listen to him regardless.
“He looks like an idiot!” John leaned back over and peered around the corner of the doorway, feeling Sherlock follow suit behind him.
“Sherl-”
His mind wandered off and he didn’t realise Sherlock had reentered the room a few minutes later until his voice broke the silence.
It took it’s toll on Sherlock after a few weeks; John found him curled up in their bed earlier and earlier each night, turning down more and more cases as the sheer exhaustion from all his worrying took over him like a disease. One night John retreated into their bedroom to find him curled up on his side in the middle of the mattress, struggling to keep his eyes open after putting Rosie down to sleep around 8. He climbed into the bed carefully, trying not to move it too much before snaking his arms around his boyfriend’s waist from behind, resting his forehead against his back.
When the door shut, he let out a long breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding in. He felt the tension he’d been trying to fight out suddenly come rushing back in, along with panic and fear and worry. He squeezed his eyes shut, lifting his free hand to rub violently at his face, as if that would help his mind think straight. Sherlock hung his head and sighed yet again, rolling his shoulders slightly until he heard Mycroft cough on the other end of the line.
“YOU-TOOK-HIM-AWAY-FROM-ME!” His voice was absolutely guttural, each word resulting in more contact with his face, and suddenly Moriarty coughed violently, taking a loud gasp for air as he finished yelling. Sherlock lifted his hands shakily, the pain finally beginning to settle in them as he blinked down at Moriarty, his vision suddenly blurring with tears once again. His chest throbbed painfully, a deep ache that seemed to resonate throughout his entire body. He felt his shoulders fall as he dropped his hands to the stage, choking down his own sobs as silence fell between them.
“John, I will kill you in your sleep, I swear it.” John grinned, watching his boyfriend’s annoyed and pouty face for a moment, wondering what he’d ever done in his life to deserve someone as special as him.
It was their “normal”.
“John, stop! Just stop, okay?! I don’t need your help, and I don’t WANT your help! Now go home!” For a moment, John couldn’t say anything. He felt Rosie stir against his chest, bringing her hands up to cover her small ears but he remained silent. Sherlock kept glaring at him, his chest rising and falling quickly before he turned swiftly on his feel, yanking his coat closed over his body before pushing open the building doors, storming inside.
By the time 9 o’clock rolled around, John was a nervous wreck. He’d sent 12 text messages, called him at least 10 times, and STILL no reply. Rosie’s eyes were heavy with sleep as John got her dressed for bed, already planning on calling Lestrade.
Other days she was perfectly content in his lap, playing with one of her toys and laying against his chest while Sherlock held her up with one hand, the other messing with his microscope as he peered into it, talking to himself as usual.
He set off in the direction towards Baker Street; despite being across the city, Sherlock always took the path closest to his home whether he was conscious of it or not. Rosie rested her head on her father’s shoulder, letting this charade play out and kept quiet, gazing out into the streets as John paced about.
Nothing. Sherlock nearly cried in relief as John opened his eyes slowly, visibly shaking now. Moriarty raised an eyebrow at Sherlock, eyes flickering towards the table as Sherlock looked back down, immediately pushing aside two of the bottles. He swallowed again, his heart pounding rapidly against his chest as he began pulling the tops off of each bottle, leaning down to smell them.
John felt as if he were being scanned for a moment, like he was a potential client sitting in one of their chairs, being judged to see if he was worthy to pursue. In a sense, he felt strangely uncomfortable because Sherlock had never looked at him like that, had never judged him. He’d literally invited him to move in with him 5 minutes after meeting him, for God’s sake.
Moriarty reached down with one hand, pulling out his phone and swiping his thumb across it lazily, pulling up a timer. He set it down on the top of the wooden table, already set for 60 seconds and grinned childishly up at Sherlock. “Ready to show us how clever you really are?” he asked innocently, raising his gun once more and pressing it to rest against John’s temple.
“Never me, John,” he responded almost lazily as a soft silence filled the room for a few moments.
Sherlock was sitting straight up in bed, his chest rising and falling rapidly like he’d just run a marathon. His pale hands were trembling horribly at his sides, his eyes squeezed shut as he struggled to catch his breath. He didn’t seem to notice John was in the room at all, instead gripping the cream colored comforter beneath him, clutching onto it for what seemed like dear life.
Why did he ever wait this long?
It wasn’t like they didn’t see each other a lot; Sherlock adored her and helped out as much as Molly did, probably even more. He sat her down gently on his hip and Rosie grinned happily up at him, playing with one of his shirt buttons contentedly as he looked sheepishly up at John, making eye contact.
“Isn’t that a normal thing? Babies are much more prone to develop relationships at a young age because they don’t think about it, they just...do.” Rosie blinked up at the two of them with big brown eyes, licking her lips messily. John smiled, turning his head to face Sherlock.
“Sherlock Holmes, I fell in love with you just the way you are; sarcastic, lacking in tact, and full of asshole comments.” Sherlock cracked a watery grin, remaining quiet as John continued. “I don’t want you to change that. I want you to do what’s comfortable for you, want you to do what makes you happy, whatever that may be. I know you love me, I really do…” He smiled fondly at him, dropping his hands. “You wouldn’t have kept me around for this long if you didn’t.”
“Mhmmm…” He sat up slowly, reaching up and wrestling the first couple of buttons from his shirt free before leaning dramatically back against his chair, bubbling his lips for a few seconds.
“If she likes me, she’d despise him.”
But, nothing ever went the way he planned. In one way or another, he always managed to fuck it up. He wasn’t cut out for the “normal life”, never had been. Nothing about him was normal, and the one person in this world that had brought him a sense of normalcy was now lying dead on the ground a few feet away.
And then he snapped.
“So you went out and got high instead?!” he snapped angrily, tossing his phone down on the couch. Sherlock had collapsed down in his chair, his long legs sprawled out awkwardly over the armrest. He tilted his head slightly upwards to meet John’s gaze, and John swore he saw a flicker of disappointment flash across his eyes, but it very well easily could’ve just been the drugs.
“There it is!” John wrinkled his nose fondly, watching his boyfriend slide it on quickly, wrapping and tying it around his waist.
“Yeah, well...I’ve never been this happy, either,” he responded simply, giving her a soft smile before retracing Sherlock’s footsteps and trekking up the stairs.
Every time he looked at Sherlock he knew that this was exactly where he needed to be.
With each passing hour, John could feel the worry build up more and more within his chest. Rosie entertained herself with her toys, then began eyeing the kitchen and John realized it was past dinnertime. It felt weird, not having Sherlock feeding her in her high chair, not having his constant chatter and laughter as Rosie made a mess. John found himself glancing towards the living room more and more often, anticipating the sound of the door opening though it never did.
He heard Moriarty’s footsteps slowly walk towards him, sounding hollow and loud. Sherlock’s chest rose and fell slowly, still struggling to draw in shaky breaths.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, shooting him a puzzled look. Mycroft remained silent, watching him carefully and John caught Sherlock’s eye, giving him a slight nod, as if reassuring him it was okay to talk.
There it was.
“Not now. Don’t, please. It’s okay.” Sherlock stared back at him painfully, pursing his lips slightly as John’s hands came to rest on either side of his face. “It’s gonna be okay.”
“Rosie just wants to meet him!” he whispered playfully before disappearing down the hall.
John grinned fondly at his offended tone, shrugging a bit and crossing the flat as he spoke. “Dunno...I’m sure it’ll clear up by tomorrow, though…” He slid his arms instinctively around Sherlock’s waist, resting his head against his back for a moment. “Did you get any more info from Lestrade?”
“I brought you someone this time, his name is Sherlock, and he’s…” He fell silent, running the toe of his shoe across the dirt for a moment before smiling to himself. “He’s really, really special to me. He wanted to come meet you himself, for Christmas…”His voice faltered and cracked a bit, but he merely cleared his throat and took a step back, gesturing to the headstones. “Have at it, then.”
Being normal equaled having some sense of emotional stability...which, John figured he did. Sherlock...well, he was sure Sherlock had never been any sort of stable in his entire life, and that was okay because now they had this life together, this life full of cases and adventures and Rosie and even though it was strange at times, it was okay. It was fine.
“Come on, love…” He elbowed his way through the rest of the parents gathering their children up, muttering rushed apologies as he struggled to find his boyfriend once more. Rosie kept a cold, wet grip around his neck, her hair dripping slightly onto John’s shirt.
“I mean it, Sherlock. This may be your fight, and I get that, but I’m not going to sit here and let you take all of this on yourself. It’s you and me until the end, remember? You promised me that.” And it was true; he said it the first time they slept together.
The rage that filled Sherlock in that moment was something he’d never quite experienced before in his life. Sure, he’d gotten mad loads of times; a fair few of them had been towards John. He’d gotten pissed off and angry and seen red in his vision, but they’d been nothing like what he was feeling towards this man right now.
“I really don’t do that, but believe what you will.” He waved a hand towards John’s face in slight annoyance and John grinned, tilting his head to the side.
“I’m sure they would. But they can’t, they died a few years ago.” An odd sort of silence filled the space then, Lestrade looking at him in horror and Sherlock seeming to look up momentarily from his phone before looking back down.
“Right...the pictures...” His voice faltered as he looked at them, squinting his eyes slightly as he concentrated. Sherlock wasn’t paying much attention; he threw his towel to the floor as he finished and looked down to Rosie, who was trying her hardest to climb into his lap, sucking loudly on her pacifier.
“I would assume not. London isn’t quite keen on helping homophobic bigots with their “missing” wives. I’m sure she just left you because you’re got the mindset of a childish schoolboy and frankly, I don’t blame her.”
“Can you tell me what’s so...void about it?” John stared at her for a moment, squinting his eyes slightly at her calm face. It was a vague question.
That evening, John picked up Rosie from Molly’s flat and ventured back into the city, towards his and Mary’s house. He hated it now; it gave him a vile feeling in the pit of his stomach that never went away unless he was leaving it once more.
“Am I wrong?” Sherlock huffed a bit, crossing the room and leaning forward slightly, their noses nearly brushing against one another.
“Right…” He glanced over at John and shrugged a bit, leaning back against his seat in the booth. John scanned his face carefully, then looked up as their waitress suddenly reached into her apron pocket, pulling out a piece of paper.
John was suddenly aware of how tightly he was clenching his phone. It was obvious what he had gone out and done; the way he kept wrinkling and sniffing his nose told him enough. John sucked in a deep breath, setting his jaw rigidly.
“Mr. Holmes! Are you finally back for good?”
‘No, you’re fine…” He looked over at the alarm clock on the bedside table, raising an eyebrow. “It’s only 8 am. Why the rush to leave?”
“You and Rosie should just live with me.” John blinked, slowly bringing his paint can back down before he swung around to face him, raising his eyebrows.
They heard a gentle knock on their door just then, and John had the sudden urge to strangle the consulting detective’s neck.
John shook his head quickly, immediately reaching over and sliding his fingers in between his. “Sherlock, stop. I’ve told you this before, you don’t need to apolog-”
It was a normal week; well, as normal as it could be in the lives of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
“What are we going to do about this case?” he mused. Sherlock didn’t seem to register at first; he was all eyes for Rosie for a few seconds before blinking, turning back to face him and sighing.
“I love you.”
“It’s been SO fun, Sherlock.” Moriarty’s breath was hot against his ear, his voice sending shivers down his spine. He swallowed thickly once more, keeping his eyes closed as the gun was pressed deeper into his skin.
He buried his face into his neck, inhaling deeply and relaxing as Sherlock returned the hug, his long arms wrapped around him just as tightly.
John felt sick; he hated everything about this.
Sherlock felt his hackles rise at the sound of his older brother’s smug voice, biting his tongue for the sake of the toddler in his lap.
“Didn’t want to come home,” he replied simply, staring forward into the living room briefly before slowly making his way inside, stepping his way around Rosie’s scattered toys and books. John’s skin tingled uncomfortably from where Sherlock had grabbed him, and he quickly shut the door, probably slamming it a bit too loudly for all of his neighbors before turning on his heel.
“Sherlock Holmes, I’m not going to fight with you two days before bloody Christmas!” His voice rose suddenly and his fist had landed down hard against the table before he even knew it was happening, shaking the kettle and plates and spoons on it. He thought he heard Mrs. Hudson shriek downstairs, and yet still, Sherlock stared at his cup, his brow furrowed in thought as if he were deaf.
John leaned against the back of the porcelain tub, watching with a fond smile on his face at Sherlock at the other end, his elbow resting on the edge with his head resting against hand, his eyes closed and a calm, tranquil expression on his face. He let him sleep or relax or do whatever it was he was doing for awhile, until his leg started falling asleep and he shifted it slightly beneath Sherlock’s own.
But this...this he could get used to.
John and Sherlock had both agreed early on that they’d never take Rosie out on a case. It wasn’t right for her to see the things they saw on a daily basis, wasn’t right to expose her to their uncanny way of life at such a young age. One day she’d learn, but now wasn’t the time. Being nearly 2 years old, Rosie was now very observant and talkative, pointing and asking about things she really shouldn’t be. John swears she got that from Sherlock.
Sherlock wasn’t sure if he wanted to reach out and strangle him or grab his face and kiss him, but he didn’t get the chance to decide. He heard the loud noise of doors being pushed open, as well as the unmistakable noise of a helicopter overhead. He glanced up quickly, squinting his eyes as a spotlight fell on the three of them, pushing his hair from his eyes as the wind started up.
The noise got louder, suddenly taking on a higher pitch. His head pounding, Sherlock swung his legs off the side of the bed, fighting back the urge to vomit as he swayed involuntarily, his socked feet slipping slightly on the wooden floor.
Fast forward a few months, and then there was the writing on the wall, along with the body. A bold move on his part, a move that showed he was tired of waiting and wanted attention again. Another loud crack of thunder. Sherlock had the strong urge to yell at the sky to shut up.
“That wasn’t part of the plan!” he exclaimed loudly, stepping forward and receiving the muzzle of a gun to his chest instead.
Sherlock couldn’t really remember much of what happened the night before; well, not before he got home. His head was pounding and he felt vaguely nauseous, his limbs sore and tense from being still for so long. There was barely any light pouring in from the windows, London still as dreary as it was yesterday. Sherlock breathed out slowly, his chest feeling strangely tight as he blinked up at the ceiling, listening to the sounds of the flat’s AC turning on.
The voice that had been haunting his nightmares for months on end, the voice that never seemed to leave his subconscious no matter how hard he tried to drown it out.
Sherlock seemed to agree, reaching out and running his hand down from John’s shoulder to his fingers, sliding his own in between his for a brief moment before nodding.
Before he knew it, Sherlock had torn apart the closet in search of his handgun and thrown his coat on, rushing his way downstairs in order to leave as quickly as he could. He couldn’t sit there and waste anymore time sulking away in Baker Street.
John suddenly felt as if his entire body had been thrown into an ice bath, his heart sinking the moment those words left his mouth. He opened his mouth slightly, wanting to respond but all he could process was disbelief. He stared almost stupidly at the detective, watching him rub at his nose nervously before collapsing back into his chair, hanging his head in between his knees as he took a couple shallow, sharp breaths.
For John.
“Doesn’t matter. This is my fault and-” He stopped short. He vaguely wondered if Mycroft knew about anything that had happened last night. It was safe to assume that he did, but...he didn’t want him to, necessarily. He cleared his throat again, thankful that Mycroft had decided to keep his mouth shut before speaking again. “I just need to find him.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and grabbed the bag from him, crossing to the window and pushing it open, glancing below briefly before tossing it out. John winced as he heard it land on the concrete below, amongst the other piles of trash, and heard Mrs. Hudson shriek downstairs from the noise.
“Yes,” he replied, his voice weak. John fell silent, staring down at the tile floor beneath them. He couldn’t very well argue with him and try to force him; John hadn’t eaten either, anyway.
John merely stared at him for a moment, tilting his head to the side dumbfoundedly. “Since when have you considered yourself a moral person about anything?”
“Yes, Robert…” he replied, still glancing Rosie from the corner of his eye. John was slightly amused, leaning back against his chair with his notebook as Sherlock closed his eyes and positioned his clasped hands at his chin, nodding his head impatiently towards him.
Rachel smiled warmly at him, pushing a lock of her dark curls behind her ear. “He’s a great man, I’m happy for him. I’m assuming he’s at work since little Rosie is joining us today?” Rosie perked up immediately at the sound of her name and beamed at Rachel, thriving in all of the attention. John grinned, reaching out and stroking her hair gently.
Sherlock’s usually light grey and cerulean eyes weren’t twinkling as they usually did. It was as if someone had snuffed them out like old candles, and all that was left was the smoky aftermath. His fair complexion had turned a sickly pale color, his cheeks absent of the usual warm, pink blush. His face seemed sunken in, his high cheekbones sharp and white against the dark lighting in the hallway behind him.
“I don’t...I can’t talk about Sherlock. Not right now.”
Sherlock wouldn’t be pulling out of the kiss, staring at him with shiny blue eyes and a look of uneasiness and pain on his face.
“I know you didn’t, but...you have that look on your face. The one that means you don’t believe it.” John tried his best to ignore the way his chest suddenly ached, taking in his boyfriend’s slouched profile and somber tone.
The next day was the 23rd, the day before Christmas Eve. For the past week, Sherlock and John had been tracking down a particularly strange guy who’d been brutally injuring and even killing one person with candy canes, “a true Christmas hero” as Sherlock had called him, much to Lestrade’s dismay and John’s stifled laughter. The case really shouldn’t have taken Sherlock so long to figure out, because the culprit wasn’t the brightest and had left sticky, peppermint fingerprints at majority of the crime scenes. In all honestly, John figured Sherlock was secretly enjoying the way this was starting to ruin the Christmas time vibes that overtook London during this time of the year, but quickly caught him after the last victim died. Sherlock and Mycroft didn’t have that much in common, but their hatred for the holiday season was something they’d always agree on.
Sentiment was a chemical defect found on the losing side, and for the first time, Sherlock felt like they were losing already.
He made it to the cemetery in about 8 minutes, his hands still shoved into his pockets as he walked through the open gate, nearly tripping over his feet when he saw Sherlock standing there waiting for him, his hands behind his back and looking slightly bored.
So, really, he shouldn’t have been surprised when he felt the cool touch of a gun muzzle press against his temple. It took him a moment to register what it was; he heard the faint noise of the gun cock in his ear and let out a shaky sigh, his eyes still shut.
“Oh yes, this is him. Don’t mind his appearance; he had a rough night last night.” Sherlock grit his teeth, staring forward pointedly at the guard as he continued to gaze uninterestedly at him. “But he didn’t come here for me, even though I wanted him to.” His voice had taken on a sudden whiny tone. “Went through all this trouble for you to get to notice me and in the end all you want is JOHN WATSON.” He drawled out his name slowly, like a child, and Sherlock immediately turned his head, stomping up the rest of the steps and sliding around the guard until he came face to face with the man who was supposed to be dead.
John smiled happily and reached his arms out as Molly lifted her up from her hip gently. Rosie turned to face her father for a moment before crying out in protest, kicking her little legs and shying away from him.
It had been a few months after the Sherrinford incident; they were content and happy, living with Rosie at Baker Street. Things had finally calmed down; they could finally sleep through the night without waking up from nightmares, and cases had begun rolling in once more. It had been raining, and John remembered how they’d been curled up on the couch, watching it pour outside as Rosie slept upstairs. All it had taken was one sideways glance from Sherlock, and the next thing they knew they were stumbling towards the bedroom, John’s legs wrapped around Sherlock’s waist and his arms around his neck.
The case ended up taking way longer than he and John both expected; the kidnapper was smart, dodging their every move and Sherlock grew more and more frustrated as each day passed, not wanting to push him to flee the country altogether. John figured he was just messing with their heads for enjoyment, predicting a majority of their moves and staying in London for the thrill of it.
There was an odd silence then, one John was sure he’d never experienced before. They stared each other down as if in the middle of a vicious showdown, Sherlock’s eyes brimming with tears and John’s blank in return. He scanned his face carefully, trying to convince himself it was probably the liquor talking but he’d never seen Sherlock look so serious in his entire life.
For a moment, John thought he was finally calming down; his breathing steadied and evened out after a few minutes, and his hands had now fallen from John’s arms to rest on either side of his thighs on the hardwood floor below. He stared vacantly at the ground, and John was gathering up the courage to reach out and touch him when Sherlock’s deep, croaky voice echoed out amongst the flat once more.
“John…” There was a faint rustling on the other end of the line, as if he were sitting up in bed and John felt bile begin to build up in his throat. He squeezed his eyes shut, inhaling a deep breath before clearing his throat slightly.
“It’s not my fault he’s a dickhead!” John narrowed his eyes dangerously and covered Rosie’s ears, but Sherlock waved his hand at him in annoyance, walking around the room completely naked and kicking clothes around. “Where are my pajamas I was wearing last night?!”
Molly was standing there, looking a bit worn out as she always did but wearing a soft smile, Rosie sitting on her left hip with her pink diaper bag slung over her shoulder.
After a moment, John sighed heavily, simply for the sake of breaking the silence. He shifted Rosie gently on his side, chewing on his lip for a second before opening his mouth.
John felt his stomach do a flip as Sherlock smiled proudly, admiring his choice in flowers once more before looking back at him. “Lead the way, then,” he mused, nodding towards the massive array of headstones, and John nodded slowly, stepping forward and walking.
The rain showed no intent of stopping, and when John reached the second floor he spotted Sherlock and his daughter peering out the window, one of his large hands holding the lace curtain back for them to look out of.
“Sentiment is getting the best of you, brother,” he drawled sarcastically, reaching down for his coat off the chair.
It was strange, watching everything play out the way it did. Everything seemed to slow down suddenly, like his senses had suddenly become heightened. He watched John’s steady hand reach out and take the vial from him, glancing up as he pulled it close to him. He watched John study it for a moment, his face still void of emotion before he met Sherlock’s eyes once again, giving him a slightly pained look before he tilted his head back, pouring the contents into his mouth in one swift move.
“Oh, John. Don’t get sappy on me, I have no time for it,” He sounded genuinely cross and it made John laugh, sitting up on the floor before turning to him.
“God, yes John! Every morning I wake up and I look over at you and I wonder, how is it that I came across this man who somehow, in some bewildering and unfathomable way, decided to be my friend and then wanted to date me? How is it that John Hamish Watson, the most kind and caring man I’ve ever known, decided it was me he wanted to spend his days and nights with, me who he wanted to walk around holding hands with in public?” His words were falling out with the speed of a river about to flood over, tumbling over his lips in a frenzy and John was frozen in place.
“Nothing I can think of. Everything is...everything is great right now.”
but here we are, side by side
John doesn’t even notice the lights come on; his eyes are probably squeezed shut too tightly. His blood is pumping loudly in his ears, and he’s suddenly aware of his mouth, clenched shut as if it were stitched that way, his teeth grinding heavily against one another.
He understands. He always understands.
“I want to go see your parents tomorrow.”
“No…” Sherlock felt his stomach plummet sickeningly, immediately turning around and gazing at the room. It seemed normal enough; nothing was out of place, no windows were open, Rosie’s things were left as he remembered them, at least from the morning before. Keeping one beneath her and one hand rubbing her back, he slowly circled around the entire room before stopping in front of the clock, tensing up.
John hadn’t actually experienced Sherlock having an attack yet, but he had dealt with them many times while in the army and understood what was acceptable and what wasn’t. He kept his hands resting at his side, resisting the urge to run his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, anxiously running his thumbs along his own fingertips. The crying was getting worse, and he knew it, but touching him at all was just going to ruin everything. Instead, he just sat there with his heart in his throat, watching his boyfriend’s head bob up and down with each shaky breath he took, his hands slowly loosening their grip on his arms.
‘I know you do. Come and get him.’
John made his way down the hallway, rubbing his eyes tiredly and trying to figure out where he’d left Rosie’s baby monitor.
Sherlock sighed and shook his head, pulling his arm from his grip. “No, you’re not. Someone has to take Rosie home, and this doesn’t involve you.” His voice was short and to the point, cutting John like a knife. He was stunned momentarily, barely giving the words time to sink in before he was barreling on again.
“Well obviously it’s my fault somehow. You haven’t had a dream about me dying in months and I have to have done something to trigger it in your mind. Whether it was something I said or did or didn’t say or didn’t do, it messed with something in your subconscious and now you’re having these dreams again...” John watched him ramble, his voice growing deeper and louder and his eyes were suddenly squeezed shut, his hands reaching up to grip his dark curls tightly and yeah, Sherlock was a drama queen at times but this was entirely different.
“I don’t know. I never wanted it in the first place.” John rolled his eyes, glancing back at Rosie before responding.
“Grab Rosie, and come on!” John blinked, still processing the entire situation before he turned back to the park, immediately making a beeline for Rosie.
“This is absolutely disgusting; peas and apples? It looks like vomit.” Rosie swayed slightly, obviously very excited to eat and Sherlock grinned at her, taking the spoon from her little hand and scooping some of the mush up, bringing it to her mouth.
“Thank you, Sherlock…” he murmured, and yeah, maybe it took a few seconds and maybe the hug was awkward, but he still returned it, his chin resting briefly on the top of John’s head before he mumbled a faint “you’re welcome” back.
“40!” Another empty click. Sherlock couldn’t even bring himself to look up that time.
He can feel Sherlock sit up beside him, the bed moving slightly and creaking beneath the weight and he can feel his eyes on him, as if trying to bore holes into the side of his face.
Sherlock made a sort of strangled sobbing noise that seemed to come from deep within his throat and it startled John, sitting up a bit before Sherlock’s tears finally began to fall.
This was who needed to help him raise his daughter, this was who he needed to live with. Sherlock had taken on his parenting role automatically, had devoted his entire life to Rosie without blinking an eye. He never complained, he never refused to help even though John half expected it at times with his childish attitude. No, Sherlock was everything he’d ever wanted in a partner; and somehow, he’d seemed to know this since they first met all those years ago.
John was absolutely silent in his spot onstage; Sherlock’s eyes flickered up briefly to see him standing there, looking absolutely miserable, watching the two of them with empty eyes. Moriarty followed Sherlock’s gaze, smiling brightly in John’s direction. “Are you ready for your stage debut, Dr. Watson?”
John’s arms were around Sherlock before he had a chance to react; he felt Sherlock wrap his large arms around John’s waist and his face bury itself into his shoulder, his soft crying starting back up once more.
John was confused for a moment. “People” was a vague term. The people on the streets? The people that he spoke to? The people he worked with at the clinic? The people he lived w-
“Really? You can’t walk downstairs and put it out like everyone else?” Sherlock shrugged, pulling the window shut again before crossing to the kitchen.
“And I love you too much to let you go through this alone,” he replied simply. Sherlock’s face crumbled slightly at that, more tears falling down his cheeks and onto John’s thumb. He opened his mouth to protest but John merely shook his head for him to stay quiet.
Sherlock was silent, his head now tilted further downward as he stared straight down into his lap. All John could see were his dark curls, still damp with rain water clinging to them, a bit shiny in the lamplights surrounding them. John watched his back rise and fall as he took a shaky breath, lifting his head up and finally looking back at him with tear filled eyes.
And, normally, that’s exactly what he would’ve done.
John found them wandering around Trafalgar Square a couple hours later, a bit bored after finding absolutely nothing helpful. There was too many people around for John to keep up with, but Sherlock had no problem watching them all. When John observed yet another dismayed look on his boyfriend’s face he finally decided to lead them towards a bench on the outskirts of the area, sitting down with a loud sigh.
John’s face was hovering over his now, one hand on the carpet and the other still around his bottle as Sherlock grinned toothily up at him, nodding quickly.
“You just love to torture your brother, don’t you?” He failed to keep the amusement out of his voice and Sherlock grinned, taking it as an agreement and opening the door.
“Love you, Sherlock,” he murmured, pressing a kiss on top of his curls before turning around and walking to his bedroom, closing the door and curling up in bed for the night.
“I took him away, and now I’ve won. I beat you.” Sherlock was shaking now, his fingernails scraping across the stage as Moriarty smirked up at him.
What did that have to do with anything? He could’ve picked anything, any quote in the world and yet he specifically chose that line, that play, that playwright. Sherlock turned his head slightly, glancing at someone running past him, shielding their head from the pouring rain.
Normally, Sherlock would’ve opted to the the long way back and walk, but he insisted on a cab ride back to Baker Street. He didn’t say it out loud, but it didn’t take much to realise that he inexplicably felt safer and more out of Moriarty’s reach in the protective shelter of a car, rather than out in the open in the streets. He was silent the entire ride back home, something absolutely unheard of in John’s history with the man.
His parents were buried on the farthest left side, closest to the ocean. He and Harry had both decided that was best; the beach had been their favorite place, where their house was and where they’d always spent their summers.
“Sherlock, I don’t think you’ve thought this through.” This time he got a hum in response, Sherlock finally taking his leftover papers and shoving them into his desk before turning around, gathering the huge pile of trash with his long arms and awkwardly shoving it into a bag, still not paying much attention.
Still, when the day finally came he found himself nervous. John figured that this was going to be a transitional stage; after all, HE was still transitioning living with his daughter and she was nearly 8 months old now. There were things to get used to; tripping over toys, feeding her every few hours, bath time and diapers and everything else in between.
“I love you. I should’ve just fucking told you last night, but I love you. I’ll always love you, you know this, Sherlock…” His voice cracked, and Sherlock could hear the panic beginning to build as he spoke. Sherlock nodded quickly, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to his forehead, snaking his free arm around him again, pulling him close.
He had murmured it to John a couple hours later, after they were breathless and sweaty and tired, wrapped in each other’s grips like tangled blankets, eager to keep their hands on each other.
“Yes, of course.” He blinked suddenly, looking slightly concerned. “Isn’t that what people do? Didn’t you bring flowers to my grave when I w-” He stopped short, catching sight of John’s dark look and pursed his lips slightly. “Sorry.”
And really, it was heartbreaking the way John’s grip on his waist tighten once more, pitiful the way Sherlock had to contain his whimper. Slowly, Sherlock pulled his arm from around John’s back, his other one falling from his hair. John dug his fingernails tightly into his back, as if for some sort of grasp at hope before he reluctantly dropped his arms. Sherlock stepped back slowly, keeping his eyes locked on John’s the entire time, Moriarty following him as they took a few steps back, leaving John center stage once more.
There was a slight crackle of static from the other end, and distantly downstairs Sherlock could hear Mrs. Hudson speaking to Rosie. Now it was Sherlock’s turn to fall mute, to waste time.
“You bought flowers,” he stated simply, and Sherlock groaned a bit, rolling his eyes.
“You’re such a grinch, Sherlock,” John mused, tilting his head to the side slightly as he watched their guilty criminal being shoved into the back of a police car, looking downright terrified as the door was slammed in his face. Sherlock hummed a bit in response, watching the car leave before turning to face John.
“And how is Sherlock doing? I saw him in the papers a couple days ago, he got some sort of award?” John snorted, getting another burst of laughter out of Rosie before he nodded quickly.
He needed to talk to John. He needed to fix this.
The ring on his hand felt like it was burning him again.
Once Sherlock finally started to drink, he glanced at the clock next to the bed and sighed softly. “It’s late, you need to sleep…” John was extremely thankful for the way Sherlock refused to speak; he felt his temper beginning to bubble up now that he knew Sherlock was at least okay and not on the verge of passing out or collapsing. He took a step back, watching idly as the man slowly lowered himself into bed, long limbs tangling themselves within the cream colored sheets and comforter, his messy dark curls coming to rest on top of his pillowcase. He looked oddly out of place, the way sick children look in hospital beds. He wasn’t supposed to look like this, not this bad, not again.
The week went on normally; they managed to solve yet another case before the weekend hit, and as a sort of reward the sun finally came out in London, the dreary weather finally coming to an end by the time Friday night rolled around. Sherlock had immediately jumped on the opportunity to finally go out to dinner for Rosie, and the three of them found themselves at a small diner on the other side of London that evening, the hustle and bustle of people constantly filtering in and out giving them a nice sense of privacy in their secluded booth in the back corner.
“I think Rosie has enjoyed this meal the most out of any of us,” Sherlock declared, looking down at the infant in his lap, her lips coated with bright red ketchup as she opened her mouth and threw her head back, demanding another chip from her father. John smirked, watching amusedly as Sherlock picked up another piece from his plate and fed it to her, grinning as she leaned against his chest in pure bliss, chewing in silence.
John grinned as her and another little boy began splashing happily at one of the fountains before turning to Sherlock, setting the sandals down in between them.
He’d never felt this amount of peace in his life.
He cleared his throat a bit, reaching up and rubbing tiredly at his eyes. “I’m...honestly, I’m not sure. It just feels a bit, ah...well, a bit void, really.”
“And I love you,” he stated simply, smiling when John’s cheeks began to heat up.
“So...I came here. I’ve been dating your son for months now and I just thought it best to meet his parents, no matter the circumstances.” John swallowed thickly, dropping his arms slowly as Sherlock continued.
The rain showed no intention of stopping anytime soon, still falling rapidly onto the front section of seating and edge of the stage. Sherlock watched Moriarty’s feet as they began to loop back around him once more, inching towards John once more.
“It’s like I’m still in the prison cell rooms, like I’m back in the well and there’s no light, and I can’t see…” His voice faltered, and he dropped his hand from his eyes, staring pointedly at the dark wooden floor beneath his feet.
John stared at him for a moment, crossing his arms across his chest, squinting his eyes slightly.
“...I’ve never spoken at a grave before, and it’s really a bit unnerving, I don’t like it.” John bit back a grin, listening to Sherlock’s slightly whiny voice before he cleared his throat.
Spelled out in strangely archaic handwriting, taking up the entirety of the building’s side, was a note, still shiny with the indiscernible consistency of fresh blood;
“I’m so sorry, John…” John swore he felt his heart crack in two, probably audible within the tense silence that accumulated between them.
“It’s not just SOMETHING, John! This isn’t a stupid case! This “something” was what we had planned on never happening, ever again! After Sherrinford, we were supposed to be DONE! And now I’m in the midst of this fucking hellhole that I can’t find my way out of and you and Rosie are both trapped down here with me!” He stood up then, still swaying slightly on his feet but not backing down nevertheless, looming over John with his tall frame. “So yes, you two mean absolutely NOTHING to me if it means that he doesn’t mess with you. I will NOT let him hurt you, do you understand that?!”
John bit on his bottom lip gently, letting his thoughts trail off. He tilted his head towards the sky, squinting his eyes at the cloud above when he suddenly heard Sherlock’s voice, soft and faint but still audible. John blinked, going still for a moment before taking a slight step back towards him, his speaking coming within complete earshot now.
Sherlock was seeing red at this point; he knew that there had to be people surrounding them, hiding in the wings and in the shadows of the building, ready to shoot him dead if he even leaned towards their direction. So all he could do was stand there, staring blankly at the two men, his mouth tasting of bile as he watched John take a deep breath.
Rosie was silent on the other end of the monitor; she’d been sleeping soundly through the night but had also begun teething, and the pain woke her up sometimes. As much as he hated himself for it, John found himself wishing she’d cry just so he’d have a reason to get up and not sleep.
It was nearly 5 in the evening when they got back to London, the temperature having risen a bit but it was still raining, cold and wet and heavy all over the city. They took a cab from the station back home, shaking out their coats in the doorway as Mrs. Hudson came scurrying around a corner.
He’d jumped out of the way in fear that Sherlock would quite literally explode or fall off the couch, or a combination of both, but he didn’t. He’d merely stared at John for a few moments, his expression of shock slowly fading into a small smile, his cheeks slightly pink, before he looked back down at his book and continued to read.
He was out of bed in a split second; he ran towards his door and had his hand on the knob before a horrible, guttural scream echoed amongst the house, shaking him to the very core and sending goosebumps throughout his entire body.
“It’s raining,” he stated stoically, and Mrs. Hudson let out another anguished sort of gasp as John smirked at him, raising an eyebrow.
“Please don’t name it something completely stupid like ‘The Candy Cane Killer’,” he mused, and John smiled, meeting his eyes.
“These dreams...they just happen sometimes. Yeah, a lot of them are triggered, but some aren’t. I don’t understand how it works, but it doesn’t matter. Did you notice I haven’t had a single death dream about you since we started dating?” For a split second, John thought he saw Sherlock’s face soften at his words, but then it was back to its rigid, stoic state as he pursed his lips slightly.
He quickly took Rosie’s face and pushed it to rest against his neck, begging her to shut her eyes. She wrapped her arms around him once more, refusing to lift her head up again as he finally turned to face it head on.
It wasn’t until around 2 a.m. that he heard him.
He dropped his grip almost reluctantly, feeling his boyfriend’s blatant fear rolling off of him like waves from a hurricane. For a moment he kept his mouth shut, not quite sure what to say.
“Good,” Moriarty crooned, keeping the gun pressed to his head before tilting his head up, calling out loudly. “Lights!”
“What is it?! What’s wrong?!” Her gaze automatically went to Rosie, checking to see if she was okay. Sherlock took a step forward, staring intently at her.
“I remember…” John watched as one of Sherlock’s hands was lifted from his waist, coming to rest against the top of John’s chest, furrowing his brow slightly as if his mind were working overtime. “That was the night you said you loved me…” he breathed softly, and John stiffened up a bit. He nodded slowly, ashamed at how happy he was that Sherlock still remembered that even within his drug induced mind.
He broke from his reverie when Sherlock suddenly walked through the kitchen door, Rosie curled up against one of his arms holding a small pink spoon and Sherlock a jar of baby food.
“It’s good to be back, Greg.”
“And you’re raising a child together?” His tone had suddenly become almost judging, as if it were one of the worst things a person could be doing. John grit his teeth, motioning forward to stand but Sherlock was already up from his chair, Rosie being held against his chest with one arm.
“Nearly forgot, he left you this!” It was a folded up receipt paper, slightly crumbled and she held it out to towards Sherlock. “Told me to give it to you, dunno what’s on it.” Sherlock stared at her for a moment, the uneasiness growing in his eyes before he finally took it from her, watching her walk off with their stack of plates.
“You’ve got quite a colorful mouth there, bug.” Rosie flashed him a pink grin, the remnants of her strawberry breakfast still stuck in her teeth. John watched quietly, leaning against the edge of the counter as Sherlock wiped off her mouth, handing her her sippy cup full of water to drink before meeting his eyes again. “Technically, we’re not breaking our rule because it’s not really a CASE case. We’re just...observing someone who might be potentially suspicious.” John smirked at that, shaking his head.
“That’s right…” He watched Sherlock’s eyes shut again, his head hanging down almost limply in between their chests, and for a moment he was silent. For a split second John wasn’t sure if he was even breathing; he seemed to become almost motionless. John gently began moving his hands from his neck, debating on whether to speak when a sudden loud, choking sob escaped the detective’s lips and made John nearly jump out of his skin.
Shakespeare festival...public crowds...easy to get around...perfect place for something big. Something fatal. The perfect scene for Moriarty to place himself in.
John shook his head quickly, taking a step forward. “Sherlock, shut up. Stop talking, stop thinking for a moment, okay?” Sherlock stared miserably at him, his arms hanging limply at his sides as John struggled to find words.
Sherlock blinked slowly, a couple stray tears falling down his cheeks and John felt the grips on his waist tighten slightly, as if afraid John was going to get up and leave him. And really, that’s what he wanted to do.
“That too.” He turned his head to face Sherlock once more, his frown deepening. He still hadn’t said a single word and it was getting to be very concerning. John watched as he swayed slightly on his spot on the sidewalk, still gazing up at the building with a strange sort of frown on his face. After a moment, he turned slowly on his heel and walked up to John and Greg, finally meeting their eyes for the first time. John was startled at how lost they looked, blinking rapidly as Sherlock opened and closed his mouth once, as if deciding on whether to speak at all before words began to fall out.
There was a man; more specifically, his body lying on top of the light colored pavement. His head was facing the ground, his face slightly smushed against it. There was a particularly large amount of blood surrounding him, which seemed a bit odd in John's eyes. He'd been to a scene like this...there wasn't that much blood before. It didn't add up.
“I uh...I’m sorry…” John blinked again, still trying to process what he had just seen, but shook his head quickly, a small smile appearing on his lips.
“Papa’s busy, I’m sure he’s sorry he wasn’t here to tuck you in…” John murmured in response, fixing part of her shirt gently. Rosie merely blinked up at him, rolling her legs around slightly.
And...dear God, kissing him was like being reborn again. Fresh and new and...real.
He set his coat down on the chair (after patting his pockets briefly which, thankfully, he found to be completely empty) and moved to kneel down on the floor in front of the detective’s legs, quickly but gently untying and pulling off his shoes.
Sherlock had never been one for panicking; he didn’t do it often. Panic was something he didn’t have time for, something that wasn’t meant to be endured as far as he was concerned. But as more and more people began to pass him on the sidewalk, as more cars sped past and as the clouds finally opened up above him and a cold drizzle began to soak him, Sherlock could taste the panic on his tongue like bile.
John leaned over carefully, the blankets rustling beneath him as he gently pressed a kiss to the side of Sherlock’s bare arm, soft and brief, before turning back over on his side and pulling the covers up.
“All 3 of you are going to catch colds and get sick! Then how are you supposed to go out and solve cases?!” Sherlock rolled his eyes playfully and turned around, face immediately lighting up when he saw Rosie.
That’s how things were now; solving cases, taking care of Rosie, going to bed with each other every single night. And that’s how things were going to be for the rest of their lives, as far as John was concerned. They’d already gone through enough shit together to last a thousand lifetimes; there wasn’t going to be anymore.
Sherlock’s mind seemed to blank out then. He stared pointedly at John for a moment, blinking rapidly at his now ghostly white face, feeling bile begin to rise to his throat.
“Sherlock, oh God…” His arms were wrapped tightly around his waist, as if Sherlock were a life jacket and he was about to drown. Sherlock closed his eyes, one of his hands snaking up to run through John’s hair, tilting his head slightly.
“Come on love, let’s get something to eat…” Rosie whimpered slightly at leaving him, but nonetheless clung to Mrs. Hudson’s neck, Sherlock watching the two of them walk out quietly.
His eyes were the worst; John felt like he was back in the well just by looking at them.
“You will never go back there, I swear to God, Sherlock…” He rubbed his back probably a bit too harshly, but he was on edge again. He wanted to reassure his best friend that he would never have to relive that nightmare, never have to step foot on that hellhole island again.
And really, this wasn’t fair. It wasn’t fair that he was saying all of this. He had gone off and shot himself up with heroin and done cocaine and them come home in this blind stupor just to tell John he didn’t care if he died soon. It was fucked up and somehow...it still made sense. Sherlock had never thought highly of himself, and he never would. He just wasn’t like that, and John didn’t understand how he hadn’t made this realization earlier.
Lestrade eyed him carefully for a moment, looking more weary than anything, as he expected nothing less from him, before he turned to John. “Well, what about your parents? I’m sure they’d love to meet his incredibly kind guy you’re dating.” John grinned, nodding in agreement.
“Since when do I mean absolutely NOTHING to you?! We’re in this together, you and I, we always have been and now you want to act like this because something happened?!” Sherlock gritted his teeth at that, sitting up quickly in his chair.
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson, and we absolutely love them, thank you for making them…” She waved her hand around wildly, trying to act modest but coming across as a bit crazy, laughing loudly to herself.
“John…” John clenched his jaw immediately, closing his eyes and shaking his head, willing himself to stay calm.
“Drink this, it’ll start flushing the drugs out of your system…” John’s stomach churned at the way his boyfriend’s hands shook as Sherlock reached out and took it, slowly pulling it back to rest in his lap. John sucked in a deep breath, finally making eye contact with him again. “Please, Sherlock.”
Sherlock came back quickly and shut the door behind him, making a beeline for his chair. Rosie was still a bit sleepy looking, her eyes half-lidded as he set her down beside him in his chair. She leaned against the back of the it, waiting as Sherlock pulled out her pacifier from his pocket, popping it in her mouth before turning towards the client.
Sherlock nodded quickly before walking down the hallway, stopping in the living room for a brief moment before looking around.
Thankfully, the kids were fine physically, just shaken up and scared. John kept them close until the police arrived, reassuring them that everything was fine now and that their parents were on their way to get them.
It was a lot for John to process, at least emotionally. He thought about where he’d been a year ago, who he’d been with and the memory of Mary was still fresh enough to hurt him. He saw more of her in Rosie every single day, and he vaguely wondered what they would be doing to celebrate if she was still alive today.
“...I hope that was okay,” he finally managed out, and John swore he was floating at this point, his heart ready to burst from his ribcage at any moment.
“Rosie and I moving in. It’s a lot different with a baby, she demolishes everything in her path, demands attention constantly, takes over anything and everything she wants…” His voice trailed off and he blinked slowly for a moment, meeting Sherlock’s slightly confused gaze. “Oh my God, she’s a mini you.”
“It was lovely; can we have the check, please?” Rosie climbed up against John’s chest, resting her head against his neck sleepily as their waitress smiled.
“Alright, what did I do? Did I say something? Do something? You’re obviously pissed at me.” John grit his teeth as Sherlock ignored him yet again, still staring at his tea in his bony hands. He tapped his fingers agitatedly against the coffee table, staring Sherlock down and trying with all his might to bore holes straight through his skull.
Sherlock jumped slightly as the man reached out and snatched the paper back from him, holding it above it head.
He debated calling out for John; he was probably still fast asleep in the living room, and judging from the dim lighting out it was still early. He shifted his head slightly and groaned immediately, his head throbbing painfully in protest at the movement. He closed his eyes, sucking in a deep breath before pushing himself to sit up slowly, his entire body screaming at him to stop. His stomach churned fitfully, slowly piecing together the fact that he hadn’t eaten anything in probably close to two days.
After a week and a half of relentless search and Scotland Yard scavenging the city, Sherlock resorted to his mind palace for the first time in months. John came home from picking up Rosie one night to find him sitting cross-legged in his chair, his eyes closed and his clasped hands resting against his chin, completely silent.
“It’s hot,” he mused, setting his bottle back on the table as John smiled, following suit and sliding back over to his own chair, leaning against it as well.
Sherlock merely blinked at her for a moment, watching as she immediately reached her arms out to him, wiggling her feet happily and smiling.
“This doesn’t concern you,” he growled lowly, and John couldn’t help the loud, frustrated groan that escaped his lips then.
John could feel Sherlock stiffen up nervously behind him as they stood on the sidewalk, and John immediately grabbed for his hand, squeezing it tightly before leading them through the crowd and to the front door. He quickly unlocked and pushed it open, the sound of the cameras going off speeding up rapidly and the shouting getting louder.
And, just like that, things were somewhat normal again.
But not tonight.
“Please…” He began to gently pry away his tear soaked fingers from his face, carefully pulling them off before slipping his palms against his, running his fingertips softly against the skin of his wrist.
When his breathing evened out, John immediately closed his eyes and rested his cheek on top of his hair, and sleep took him instantly.
As Moriarty’s face got bloodier and bloodier, he finally seemed to understand. His fingers were slick and wet with the red liquid, his breathing heavy and labored as he kept punching.
For a moment, he wondered if this was what it was like to be dead. He felt no pain in his head, just the loud ringing in his ear from the noise. He lifted his head ever so slightly, slowly opening his eyes.
John watched his boyfriend swallow and clear his throat several times. If it wasn’t for the still slightly confused look upon his face, he would’ve believed the man to be coming up with a reply to him. Instead, John figured it was just his brain on overload, struggling to catch up with itself through the haze of drugs.
“The quote is from Romeo and Juliet. Act 4, scene 5.” There was a strange sort of pause then, the words seeming to hang thick and heavy in the air for a moment, Sherlock’s eyes flickered up to meet John’s, his Adam’s apple bobbing slightly as he swallowed. “The scene where Juliet is found dead in her bedroom.”
“Dragging Rosie into this is just him trying to set you off. You and I both know that she’s never out of our sights, there’s no way he can get to her. I’m sure your brother will bump up the security around here for us if you just ask.” Sherlock hummed at that, tilting his head down to look at their hands before replying.
John leaned back against his chair, untucking his legs beneath him before tapping his chin, squinting his eyes slightly at Sherlock. He had the opportunity to ask him anything in the entire world, the power to force the truth out of the man who never said a word about his personal life, his past, anything about himself. This was his chance.
Rosie didn’t say anything in response, merely nodding instead before resting her head back against his collarbone. John looked up, careful not to make eye contact with anyone before picking a random spot in the distance, eager to get a cab and escape the scene. After a few moments he heard Lestrade bark out orders before his footsteps began approaching him rapidly from behind.
“Where is he.” Moriarty’s smile hadn’t changed a bit. He tilted his head to the side, scanning his face with those slightly dim, large eyes of his. He was dressed in a grey suit, not much different from the one he’d been wearing at the top of St. Bart’s, his arms crossed behind his back. He looked very much alive...and that’s what terrified Sherlock the most.
Within the month, Baker Street was completely renovated. The things that had survived the explosion were still there when they returned, and John felt hopeful for the first time in a long time. As the days passed things were finally starting to feel okay again, like the pieces were falling back into place and now every time he saw Sherlock, it was like the first time all over again.
“It was in there for awhile. I’m sure Sherlock borrowed it,” he mused, and grinned as Mrs. Hudson rolled her eyes.
A couple minutes later John stepped back into the room before calling out. “Sherlock! Come here, I need your help!”
“You were supposed to be DEAD!” Moriarty spat out angrily, one of his hands pressed against the opposite forearm, blood spilling out from beneath his fingers. Sherlock’s eyes flickered downward to the newer gunshot on his leg, his suit pants growing dark from the wound. John cocked the gun once more, tilting his head to the side.
He had his phone out the moment he set off down the stairs, dialing Greg’s number before he reached the bottom.
And, really, he thinks that’s the first time he thought of the three of them them as an actual family.
“Good God John, I swear I’ve celebrated 5 Christmases just waiting here for you,” he said in slight annoyance, and John merely gaped at him in response for a moment.
“Do we have a client scheduled?” he asked, rubbing his eyes as Sherlock shook his head, his face still buried into the pillows.
His head is spinning before he can even sit up in bed, nausea threatening to consume him as he breathes in heavily through his nose, squeezing his eyes shut.
“Is it haunting for you, being back here in London?”
“First Mary, now this?” He shook his head, letting out a heavy, dramatic sigh. “Why is it that you’re always letting John down?”
Sherlock pouted slightly, a stray curl falling into his eye as John smirked. “He really needs your help, if he came all the way over here to personally ask…” Sherlock merely hummed absentmindedly in response, looking down on the floor and gasping in happy surprise as he picked up his dark blue robe.
John sighed, shifting Rosie on his hip as he watched the detective begin picking up random shirts off the floor, throwing them over his shoulder as John sat on the bed.
It was the silence that woke him up that morning.
But then again...he knew he couldn’t. He never would.
John wrinkled his nose at him, leaning forward and clasping his hands together, his elbows resting on the table. “Please, Sherlock! I just wanna play one round!”
The wooden floor of the stage met his vision and he faltered slightly. Was this what hell was like? Having to sit here for an eternity next to your boyfriend’s lifeless, dead body? Seemed fitting. Sherlock turned his head to his right and blinked once, freezing up when he saw the spot where John’s body should be was now empty.
The rest of the night was a blur; tangled sheets and more kisses, bruises on necks and thighs and scratches on shoulder blades and backs. He can still feel Sherlock’s soft curls in between his fingers, can see his eyelids flutter shut and eyelashes cast shadows along his pale face in the moonlight. John recalls the way his chest rose up and down as he inhaled sharp and shaky breaths, his lips pink and shiny and slightly swollen as he opened his mouth to moan, to whimper, to whisper.
The bed stopped moving; a long pause, then a single word murmured into the silent room.
And then he watched John collapse onto the ground.
He pulled away suddenly, nearly dropping John on the floor but he kept a hold of his waist, pulling himself back to sit up, blinking rapidly at him. Sherlock looked surprised, shocked even, with himself, his chest rising and falling rather rapidly, his eyes wide. He blinked before clearing his throat awkwardly once, looking at everything but John’s face, suddenly very interested in the flat.
“Greg...have you heard from Sherlock?” He tried desperately to keep the hysteria from his voice but apparently it came through anyway, as he heard Greg stir on the other line, his voice suddenly becoming very much awake.
Molly was stifling a grin, pursing her lips together before making a beeline for the tea on the table, grabbing a cup and taking a sip. John watched her face turn sour as she finished swallowing, looking pointedly at Sherlock. “You’re right, this isn’t good.”
“OUR daughter,” John corrected immediately, deciding against lecturing him for what seemed like the thousandth time that Rosie was just as much his child as John’s own. “In case you haven’t noticed, Sherlock; things rarely go the way we want them to. We’re like magnets for bad luck.” When the detective remained silent once more, John sighed and opted to scoot himself over, his thigh pressing against Sherlock’s own before he leaned his head to rest against his arm, running his thumb gently along his hand.
“Don’t be sorry, I understand. If you need to bring her home early, just do it, okay?” Molly smiled a bit wider and nodded, looking down and quickly pulling the fabric from the baby’s mouth.
John snorted, shaking his head. “You’re right, he’s completely lost.” Sherlock giggled yet again, watching his brother squirm some more before John pulled him back, stepping back into the room. “Stop torturing Mycroft and go help him.”
Nothing compared to clutching his best friend’s lifeless body to his chest, desperately trying not to inhale the scent of his hair. He didn’t want to remember him like this, didn’t want the memory of his smell and face and overall being to be replaced with this moment. Sherlock focused on breathing instead, his chest feeling like it was being ripped open from within. He squeezed his eyes shut, unable to look at John’s peaceful face any longer, clutching him so tightly that his knuckles were probably white.
“‘M too tired,” he muttered in response, his voice thick with sleep and John sighed, rolling onto his back as the knocking got louder.
A few hours later, he was stirred from his sleep as he felt Sherlock climb into bed beside him, smiling sleepily to himself as his long arms wrapped their way around John’s waist, his face going to rest in the nape of his neck before falling back asleep once more.
The next week was Rosie’s first birthday.
Sherlock was fidgeting now, clenching and unclenching one of his large hands in front of him, his other arm wrapped around his waist like some sort of shield. He avoided John’s eyes completely, opting for a particular spot on the concrete below them instead.
The door swung open heavily, colliding with the wall behind it and Sherlock was greeted with Rosie’s distraught looking face, her cheeks shiny with tears and her little hands gripping the edges of her crib. She let out another cry when the door opened, bouncing rapidly on her legs.
“What, and not give you your present? Absolutely not, we would never.”
He had a nightmare that night; first one in months. It was strange and didn’t make much sense so he hadn’t thought it important. He’d awoken with a loud gasp, his chest rising and falling rapidly as he slowly blinked into the darkness, his heart pounding against his ribcage. He turned on his side slowly, reaching out across the bed to touch Sherlock’s still sleeping figure, his hand resting delicately upon his frame before he sighed, flopping back down against the mattress. Sherlock remained fast asleep, his naked body wrapped in their white sheets and his face halfway buried into his pillow.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s shoulders immediately, locking him in a protective embrace, letting out a ragged sigh into his hair. “John…” he breathed out quietly, listening as John immediately exhaled in response, his face automatically going into the crook of his neck.
In the moments that followed, Sherlock briefly thought about his time being tortured in Serbia. He thought about the way his body felt after his suicide attempts and drug binges, thought about the various times he’d been injured on a case. He imagined every possible thing in his life that had hurt him leading up to this moment, emotionally or physically or mentally, and decided that none of it compared to this.
“It’s...almost noon?” Rosie was awake by 8 or 9 every single morning, without fail, and John had never forgotten to or ignored getting her.
But, of course, that wasn’t all of it.
The clapping had stopped. For a moment, Sherlock merely sat there on his knees, staring at nothing in particular while the tears kept flowing. The parts of him that had felt numb moments ago now seemed to be on fire, bright red and hot and dangerous.
“So Dada doesn’t get to hold you while you’re half covered in frosting?” John grinned and walked to his side, snaking an arm around his waist.
“Good, I go first!” Sherlock shot his head up immediately and gaped at him, his brow furrowed in shock as John merely giggled, resting his chin on the tabletop.
“Merry Christmas, Sherlock…” he murmured into his neck, his voice muffled. He heard Sherlock hum happily in return, the noise vibrating his throat slightly.
“Look at all the clouds this morning, love…” Rosie chewed loudly on her hand, looking out the window happily as John swayed her back and forth, listening to the two brothers talk downstairs.
“So it seems.” He scratched at his chin a bit awkwardly for a moment, his expression softening slightly. “Are you...feeling better, Sherlock?”
“He’ll be back soon.” Well…at least, he hoped so.
More silence. Sherlock fought desperately to swallow down the lump in his throat, silently praying his voice wouldn’t crack or shake.
“He appreciates it deep down.” Sherlock made a face at him as Lestrade smirked, turning towards him. “What are you doing for Christmas? Going to your parent’s again?”
“Alright, that works. Just let me know what he says immediately, I’ll get a team on standby just in case.” John nodded slowly, then remembered Greg couldn’t see him before humming in response.
When Lestrade finally left, he turned to face Sherlock and found him already walking towards the main road, pulling his coat tighter around his body.
John stared blankly at him, his mind nothing but white noise. He could vaguely feel his heart pounding in his chest, blood rushing through his ears as Sherlock stared back at him, wide eyed and anxious, his chest rising and falling heavily as more tears continued to fall.
“Two households, both alike in dignity,forbidden love, blah blah blah…” Sherlock flinched slightly as Moriarty twirled the gun lazily, his finger dangerously close to the trigger. “It’s one of Shakespeare’s tragedies, no?” John jumped violently in his spot as Moriarty suddenly slammed his hand on the table in front of him, leaning forward in the same moment. “What happens at the end of the play, John?”
“Sherlock, w-” He stopped short, taking in the way his boyfriend’s face had lost all trace of color. He stared stoically at the wall in front of him, his hands hanging limply from his sides. Rosie began tugging rapidly onto John’s sleeve, pointing towards the bottom of the building.
“Everything alright, brother mine?” Sherlock felt his body relax in sheer relief at Mycroft’s voice overhead, holding up a still slightly trembling thumbs up in response. What seemed like the entirety of Scotland Yard started piling in then, filtering down the various aisles and even appearing from the side entrances to the stage. Sherlock stepped aside, backing up a bit as they began swarming around Moriarty, yanking him up to half stand on his feet.
“...milk, for one,” he began, and John nearly snorted but managed to keep his lips pressed together. “And...bread.” He blinked again, looking a bit lost as if he were actually thinking of things they needed. John couldn’t remember the last time he’d gone shopping.
Sherlock trailed slowly behind him, his heavy footsteps and the occasional rustle of cellophane the only thing John heard on the way over. There was no one else here, really it was a morbid place for someone to be on Christmas Eve, but he figured more would be here tomorrow.
“Sherlock, please,” he begged in a hushed tone, still rubbing Rosie’s back as if that would help anything. “Say something.”
“Anything else you’d like to talk about last minute? Anything on your mind?” John thought for a moment, feeling Rosie begin to pull herself up to stand, hanging onto his pant leg.
Moriarty hummed to himself, turning on his heel slightly. Sherlock kept silent, watching him reach over towards a hidden part of the wall and pull out an umbrella, still smiling towards the detective before opening it.
John had never really considered himself a lightweight, but when he was with Sherlock it took no time at all for him to get wasted. An hour later he found himself on the floor of the apartment, his legs propped up against the top of the coffee table in between them as he nursed a bottle of whiskey, breaking out into giggles every time he caught his boyfriend’s eye. Sherlock was lying across the top of the table, his long body too long as his legs hung off the sides and his head lolled off of the opposite end, his curls nearly touching the floor as he stared at the fireplace behind him, swinging his vodka bottle around in his hand.
“As you can imagine, time is of the essence. I’ve given you all of the information I have.” John hummed in response, fidgeting with his pen in his hand as Sherlock nodded once, stroking Rosie’s hair with his hand absentmindedly.
“The bed works every time, I promise you.” Rosie clapped her hands loudly in Sherlock’s direction, demanding his attention once more before he sighed dramatically and fed her another spoonful. John rolled his leg back and forth on the bed slowly, his calf hitting against Sherlock’s ankle gently as he watched her eat, leaning further into Sherlock’s side.
He heard the landlady’s footsteps rapidly approaching along the steps, turning around to face her worried face as she came through the doorway.
“Please don’t think I’m crazy for this, John.”
“Oh yes, and it’s so tragic and heartbreaking and the audience cries because it’s just not fair!” He suddenly turned and zoned in on Sherlock, locking eyes with him. “Life isn’t fair though, is it Sherlock?” He smirked, seeming to enjoy the way Sherlock stared uneasily back at him. Moriarty waved his gun around absentmindedly in his direction, turning and walking back towards the table. “Come here. Now.”
“This story will make for one hell of a blog post,” he commented, and John managed to compose himself and nod in response, straightening up and crossing his arms.
“We didn’t say anything about the letter because...well, we didn’t want to burden. If he’s really back, all he’s after is us. And it’s been a good three months since we got it…” Greg scoffed, shaking his head in response.
Moriarty turned his head slightly and spit out a mouthful of blood, reaching up to wipe at his face. His nose was freely bleeding, his lip busted open and a nice bruise forming around his left eye. His eyes flickered back to Sherlock’s face, and a small, sinister smile spread across his mouth.
Sherlock pursed his lips slightly, looking a bit conflicted for a moment before shrugging his shoulders, a look of agreement on his face.
“Everything last night, I swear to you...it’s not going to happen again.” John smiled faintly at him, leaning his cheek against one of his hands as Sherlock ran his thumb along the side of his face.
“How many times have I convinced you to take a case that turned out to be amazing?” Sherlock stared pointedly at the sky in a childish sort of way, refusing to meet his eyes.
“I don’t...I don’t see anything anymore.” He shrugged once, not turning his head back to face her before continuing on. “I don’t see beauty in flowers or trees on the sidewalks and in parks. I don’t see the colors in the streets and the shops that I used to admire. Everything is...grey now. Everything I see takes me back to that damn island…” He reached up and rubbed at his eyes wearily, shaking his head slowly.
“No! Please, I don’t...there’s no one else to help!” Sherlock rolled his eyes, shifting Rosie slightly.
“I bet she’d hate Mycroft.” Sherlock cracked a grin at that, looking up at him and meeting John’s eyes.
He ambled his way to the door, pushing it open with a still slightly shaky hand and preceded to walk down the hall, the static noise getting progressively louder. He could see the dreary morning light aching to reach through the curtains in the living room, illuminating an object on the floor, the source of the noise.
“Sherlock…” His voice was enough to make Sherlock’s eyes flutter shut involuntarily, a slight shudder running through his body. He was alive, and talking, and breathing, with his hand soft and warm against his coat sleeve...and this was real.
“No...we left the scene hours ago, agreed to come back in the morning. He left then, didn’t say where he was going but I figured it was back home…” John’s heart was beginning to pound in his ears, the hot whips of panic hitting him full force now. Greg’s voice sounded strangely muted, like he was underwater or something.
PTSD is an incurable disease, and John knows that.
“Erm...yeah, we are, but I don’t know what that has to do with anything…” Robert’s face had taken on a sort of nasty look, as if he were suddenly disgusted with the room, looking around it and then down at Rosie.
He could see Sherlock’s back facing him, rummaging around for something before standing up suddenly, holding a particular grey scarf in his hands, humming happily before tying it around his neck, already fully dressed and in his coat as he turned towards the bed, blinking in surprise at John.
Sherlock’s eyes scanned his face for a brief second before he looked down at the bedspread beneath them, suddenly looking very exhausted. John blinked, clearing his throat quickly before pushing himself off of the bed, his feet hitting the cold hardwood floor gently.
“Do it for him, for John. We can’t have you going out and getting killed all for his sake. He’d never forgive you.”
Rachel smiled softly at him, giving her pen yet another click as she scribbled something down on the journal sitting on her lap. She was dressed in a mint green pantsuit today; John made a mental note to tell Sherlock about it. He’d taken some sort of interest into the particularly wild outfits his boyfriend’s therapist wore.
“20!” Sherlock immediately reached forward, grabbing the bottle farthest from him before holding it out quickly.
Sherlock kept quiet, staring at him for a second more before breaking eye contact and turning to Lestrade. “I need to get upstairs with the body. Get John and Rosie a cab home, will you?”
* * *
“Hi Mum, hi Dad…” he began slowly, taking a steady breath before relaxing. “I know it’s been awhile, I’m sorry…” Sherlock remained motionless a few feet away from him, staring down at the ground by his feet as John talked for a couple minutes.
John kept a close eye on him, though. Every few seconds he was turning his head to gaze at his boyfriend without even realising it, and Sherlock made no comments. He simply kept one arm wrapped around Rosie’s small body, keeping her asleep against his chest while his other hand absentmindedly stroked her blonde curls, his gaze fixated on the passing buildings outside.
London was awake and bustling outside; the dim lighting Sherlock had mistaken for morning light was simply due to the overcast sky. He peered out the window briefly, watching people and cars mill about aimlessly two stories down.
Rosie was enjoying all of her attention later on that afternoon, happily smashing her little hands into her cake and giggling loudly as Molly and Mrs. Hudson took pictures. Greg was there as well, and somehow Sherlock had gotten Mycroft to show up, although he didn’t seem too pleased about it.
Nothing about this was surprising; it was just very, very late.
“Yes…” He looked down at the baby in his lap for a moment, looking disconcerted. Mycroft gave him an odd look, leaning forward a bit.
“All of our sugar bowls have eyeballs in them at the moment.” Rosie was holding a large metal spoon in her hands, gazing at herself in the reflection in slight confusion as Sherlock sat down in his chair, reaching his hand out.
“Well, I have faith in my partner. As long as you tell us everything you know, we’ll try our hardest to find her.” The man had nodded, running a shaky hand through his short brown hair before pushing his glasses back up on the bridge of his nose, falling silent.
“No,” he replied, his voice sounding rather hoarse and he cleared his throat. “No, he’s…” He sighed a bit shakily, closing his eyes and suddenly feeling very tired.
That night, it snowed for hours and Sherlock ended up falling asleep on the couch, wrapped in his blue robe with a book on his chest. John wandered into the living room to check on him after taking a particularly long shower and sighed a bit, walking back into his bedroom and fetching a blanket and covering him up. Sherlock reached out and swiped at him lazily in his sleep before turning around on and burying his face into one of the cushions, the book falling onto the floor. John jumped out of the way and smiled fondly, shaking his head before turning out the lights and walking out.
“Mrs. Hudson?!” he called out loudly, feeling Rosie wince at his loud voice. “I’m sorry, love…” he murmured quietly, giving her an apologetic kiss on the head and trying to mask the panic that was starting to creep into his voice. Nothing was making sense; it was like someone had thrown him in a room and shut off the lights, and now he was ambling his way about, trying to get himself out of it.
Sherlock swallowed thickly, staring fixedly at a spot on one of the arena walls opposite him. Moriarty’s gaze seemed to be boring holes into the side of his skull because, yes, of course he’d figured it out.
John sat up immediately, keeping one arm around Rosie’s now sleeping frame as he leaned against the table.
“John…” Sherlock’s voice is soft, almost inaudible, but that could be due to John’s heart still pounding in his ears. It’s like he’s not reacting to how John slapped his hand out of the way at all, and he feels his throat start to constrict at that.
Things were okay again.
“Sherlock!” he slurred, immediately throwing himself down on his knees and crawling around as Sherlock rolled onto his back, groaning a bit. “Are you okay?”
“Make sure he’s okay. Please.” Greg nodded quickly in response, shoving his hands in his pockets.
They were in a good place.
John put Rosie to bed half an hour later, stroking her cheek gently as she wriggled around in her crib, Sherlock’s music still faintly heard through the walls. “I’m sorry, my love…” he murmured, touching a lock of her hair gently. “Hopefully it stops soon…”
Sherlock opened his eyes again, the rain falling hard against his eyelashes and making him blink. He let out a slow breath, barely noticing the clap of thunder that startled everyone around him.
Once Sherlock finally rescued Mycroft from his baby misery, the three of them sat down in their usual spots, Rosie sitting in Sherlock’s lap and chewing on a teething biscuit.
“I’m quite fine like this, thank you. Are we going to see the Queen again?” John let out a loud cackle, earning a sour look from Mycroft as Sherlock winked at him from behind his brother, flopping down in his chair.
Sitting down on the edge of the bed, he pulled Rosie to sit in his lap, keeping one arm wrapped around her front before dialing quickly with his free hand, bringing the phone up to his ear as it began to ring. He saw Mrs. Hudson appear in the doorway out of the corner of his eye, silently thanking her for not bombarding him with questions. After two rings, a voice picked up.
“‘S okay, we’re pruning up anyway. Should probably get out.” John watched him quietly, Sherlock sitting up a bit, the bubbles in the water nearly all gone now.
Sherlock had never been careful with anything in his entire life, let alone another human being.
“Where’s the hat?!”
John sighed loudly, shutting his laptop rather forcefully before setting it down and sitting up in his chair, Sherlock failing to react at all.
All of his skin was exceptionally pale tonight, but John figured it was the cold December weather in London that was doing it to him. Still, Sherlock’s room was always very warm, and he’d opted out of wearing a shirt entirely to go to bed, something John was slightly confused with but never complained about. There was a smattering of purplish bruises littering the side of his ribcage, from a case last week that ended up with the two of them fighting off the culprit in the dark (Sherlock hadn’t been prepared; John was.)
“By whom?” He shifted Rosie to his other arm, blinking as the girl looked around the crowded restaurant, frowning a bit.
Now John sat at his chair, staring blankly at his laptop screen on his thighs, his head resting on his palm as he kept glancing up at Sherlock across from him, his long legs pulled up on the couch, his body wrapped in his dark blue robe. He was staring down at the cup of tea in his hands that Mrs. Hudson had brought them both earlier, running his fingertip along the edge of the handle.
“I’m sure, Sherlock. John tried to fight it at first, but then he seemed to tell him something and...he stopped. Just gave in, followed him out the front door.” Sherlock stiffened at that, his heart clenching uncomfortably. It made him sick to think about what Moriarty might’ve said to him, made him sick to think that he was just upstairs, passed out from all of the drugs in his system and could’ve saved him. It made him sick that Rosie had been asleep, unguarded in her bedroom while this entire thing happened.
One of the British Parliament members had gotten himself involved in a scandal; he didn’t go into much detail but from his tone it had been pretty bad. It had been kept a secret in order to give him and his family time to flee before being released to the press (a perk of working for the government, he supposed), but last night his three kids had been kidnapped; a 12 year old son and two daughters, 8 and 4. Sherlock was visibly distressed as his brother spoke, holding a bit tighter onto Rosie as his brother explained the details and John stayed mute.
John watched as Sherlock’s eyes flew open suddenly, as if just realizing he was awake. Sherlock blinked slowly, his light blue eyes flickering across the room and taking it in like it was the first time he’d seen it. Sherlock’s hands slowly loosened their death grips on the blankets, his rigid body loosening as his shoulders slumped down suddenly.
John shut the door and immediately buried his face in his hands, inhaling sharply. It absolutely pained him to think that Sherlock was suffering from the same types of nightmares he was having, and his stomach sank when he realized they were probably worse. His back hit the wooden door with a soft thud, sinking down to sit on the soft carpeting before burying his face in his knees. He focused on steadying his breathing, which had sped up dramatically, much to his dismay. After a few minutes, he heard the all too familiar footsteps of his best friend’s feet make their way down the hall, opening the door across from his and shutting it behind him.
“No, stop.” John’s voice is loud and abrupt and really, he didn’t mean for it to come out that way but Sherlock freezes anyway, a strange silence filling the room.
“Oh, do close your mouth. I don’t need you taking up any of my precious oxygen from me, my gay partner and his daughter.” John snorted, covering his mouth immediately to stifle it as Sherlock walked to the front door, pushing it open and gesturing for him to leave. “Don’t bother going back to Scotland Yard, either; the Detective Inspector despises homophobes.” He smiled brightly at him, shooing him out before shutting the door in his face as John leapt up from his chair.
It happened quickly; John turned on his heel and nearly ran back towards the bed. Sherlock barely had time to react before John was on the mattress once more, his knees hitting the blankets for a split second before his hands were on the side of the detective’s face, cupping his cheeks with slightly sweaty palms as the space between them was closed once more.
“You’re right. Hand it over.”
“I understand, dear. But please, don’t get yourself hurt. You’re smart and all, but...don’t try and be a hero. You need to come back home, both of you.” Sherlock fell silent at that, his face softening ever so slightly at her words. He merely nodded in response, which seemed to work for her, before his gaze fell down to Rosie, who was eagerly reaching her arms out to him from Mrs. Hudson’s waist.
“I never wanted Rosie involved with any of this. I thought we were DONE after Sherrinford, after Eurus and after...him.” He shook his head slowly, swallowing a bit. “We were just supposed to solve cases, John. Solve cases and come home every night to your daughter and repeat.”
“Ah, I’ve missed this. I’m sure you have too, Sherlock. Life must be terribly boring without me.” Sherlock’s mind felt like it was overloading; his thick accent was audible in his ears, his breath hot against his face. Nothing about this was fake; he wasn’t dreaming anymore.
There was an odd silence that filled the room then, and for a few moments all John could hear was the sound of their AC running and the occasional crackle of Rosie’s monitor. He remained silent as he felt Sherlock move his hands down from his face, gently sliding them beneath John’s own that were still wrapped around the front of his stomach.
John felt his chest suddenly begin to tighten up, the sheer capacity of what was actually happening hitting him like a truck. Sherlock Holmes, the actual proven sociopath, known across Europe for his lack of emotion and tact and utter rudeness in general, was asking John if he could go visit his dead parents’ gravesites tomorrow.
“No, dear...I thought he was up here, with the two of you…” The nauseous feeling came back, only this time it was only partially due to the drugs in his system. Sherlock aimlessly began to walk back down the hallway, his heart pounding loudly in his ears as he pushed open his bedroom door, making a beeline for his coat that he knew was still draped across the chair. He grabbed ahold of his phone, glancing hopelessly for a call or text from John but to no avail.
“There’s lots of things you think you know about me,” he responded smoothly, turning his head back to face Sherlock. “I’ll miss you, darling,” he lamented dramatically, spitting out another mouthful of blood before flashing him a grin. “Until next time.”
“Papa! Papa!” Sherlock sighed dramatically, getting a giggle out of her before scooping her up.
Another beat. “You what?”
“These seem to get faster every week.” Rachel smiled and shut her journal, setting it and her pen down on the coffee table in front of her.
“What do you know? I outsmarted the detective,” he mused.
“Now, we’re going to play a little game.” Sherlock looked up quickly as a loud, creaking noise began to echo among the arena, the floor of the stage catching his attention. He watched silently as a trapdoor opened directly down center, a few feet in front of John. A group of hands immediately pushed up a small wooden table, sliding it onto the floor above them. Moriarty watched with a pleased look in his eye, leaning down slightly as a hand reached upward, holding out a small, purple velvet bag.
Sherlock kept his gaze on him, slowly but surely pushing himself to sit up on his knees, inching ever closer towards him. John felt nauseous and dizzy and excited all at the same time, suddenly aware of how close he was. His skin seemed to be tingling, buzzing with the intensity of his stare and the proximity of his body heat, and suddenly the room seemed much, much smaller.
“I know what I saw on that rooftop, and it was inexplicably M-...” He frowned a bit, swallowing thickly before refraining from using his name. “...inexplicably his suicide. But things can be faked...we know this.” He scanned John’s face incredulously for a moment before looking back up at nothing, sighing shakily. “John...I can’t stand this.”
“I’ve been working on breaking the habit. My apologies, John.” Amazing. John hadn’t even realized he’d glanced down at the pen when she clicked it. He fell silent, watching quietly as Rachel set her journal down, closing it carefully before crossing her legs, the fabric of her baby blue skirt pulling tightly across her thighs as she sat up. Her nails were perfectly manicured, although her ruffled floral shirt seemed a bit too big for her small frame. She’d been tugging on it all afternoon, the sleeves always wanting to fall off her shoulders, but she had suddenly gained an air of seriousness. Her hands rested delicately against her thighs, and John caught glimpse of a wedding band on her finger.
‘I just want John.’
Sherlock nodded quickly, stepping forward in John’s place before he turned his head slightly, glancing at him.
Rosie didn’t seemed bothered; her eyes were drooping shut before her father could finish speaking, and John quickly turned on her baby monitor before leaving and shutting the door carefully behind him.
“Interesting choice...not that I remember which one is which,” he remarked slowly, reaching out and taking it from his hand. John let out another sigh, leaning forward and slumping over the table slightly. Sherlock swallowed thickly, clenching and unclenching his hands at his sides to try and get them to stop shaking, watching as Moriarty held the bottle up to his eyes, looking at it rather uninterestedly before holding it out to John.
“Maybe she’s lying,” John remarked out loud, looking around the square once more. Rosie had been attached to Sherlock’s hip all day and was now struggling to break free from his grasp, eyeing a group of toddlers parading around in a splash pad at a park a few feet away. Sherlock looked a bit conflicted at first, keeping her firmly on his lap but his features softened slightly as John reached over and pulled off her sandals, smiling at her.
But therapy never prepared him for those nightmares that involved the one person that usually calms him down.
“Okay…” he replied slowly, looking a bit conflicted. “I haven’t...haven’t been sleeping well, so…” He shrugged a bit, messing with his bottle in his large hands. “I might just try and sleep tomorrow…”
“Have you heard from or seen John at all this morning?” The sudden look of confusion that overtook her face was answer enough; Sherlock felt his own face blank out as she blinked at him in response.
John slipped his fingers in between Sherlock’s when they sat down, and Sherlock never broke the grip, the two of their hands resting comfortably on the seat between them the entire ride home.
At first he thought he was imagining it. It sounded as if someone was struggling against something; frantic, panicked noises and gasps. It was very dim, and John found himself sitting up slowly, frowning. If he was hearing things while he was awake now, he was gonna need much more than therapy.
“I love you, Papa…” she murmured into his skin. Sherlock felt his chest tighten up at that, swallowing thickly as he tilted his head down, pressing a kiss to the side of her cheek.
It’s still one of John’s favorites, and he keeps a copy in his wallet to this day.
Sherlock smirked, flashing him a smug look. “Of course I did. Are you forgetting who you’re talking to?” John grinned, slowly letting him go as Sherlock leaned forward to set Rosie down on the ground, who happily made a beeline for her toys that littered the couch on the other side of the room. John watched happily as his boyfriend flopped down in his chair, crossing his legs like he always did and pulled out his phone, scrolling through it quickly with his thumb and waving John over impatiently. “I need your help with some pictures…”
“What for?” he asked quietly, rubbing at her back absentmindedly to keep her asleep.
He crossed his arms over his chest, staring ahead blankly at the rows of houses in front of him. Sherlock Holmes was talking to his dead parents, the same Sherlock Holmes who had an aneurysm every time a client came and spoke about ghosts and spirits talking to them and kicked them out of their flat. How was it that he was comfortable having a conversation with...well, with dead people? With cold, marble gravestones?
“No, STOP!” Sherlock’s hand was shaking, holding the tiny bottle in his long fingers as Moriarty raised his eyebrows, glancing at it briefly before lowering his gun.
He heard John exhale loudly, refusing to meet his eyes as he glanced down at the bottles, slowly pulling his hands from his pockets. He listened to the steady shower of rain still falling from the sky above them for a moment before nodding once, swallowing thickly.
“Ah well, it was her present anyway…” He picked up the bottle and set it by the front door, making a mental note to take it down to her tomorrow sometime before he turned around, staring at the cabinet on the opposing wall.
“So much for your security, Mycroft. Do me a favor and triple the protection at Baker Street, I’m going out and I need to be sure that Mrs. Hudson and Rosie are okay.” His thumb hovered over the end button, ready to hang up before Mycroft stopped him loudly on the other end.
It was probably the best choice he’d ever made.
With Rosie on his hip, he unlocked the door and walked inside, immediately being met with the loud sound of Sherlock’s violin down the hall. He sighed softly, shutting the locking the door behind him as Rosie stared longingly towards the source of the noise, intrigued.
“I’m well aware, brother mine.”
John can’t really remember the details of the case now; something about a woman believing her dead brother was harassing people on the streets of London. Sherlock hadn’t particularly liked the case, but John had insisted it was just what they needed, as things had been a bit boring for a couple weeks. After giving her description to Scotland Yard, Greg had asked the two of them to scope out the streets of London for a sign of him, not drawing any attention, just to see if the woman was right.
Now was Sherlock’s turn to wave his hand around. “Mycroft insisted they needed a vacation for the holidays and sent them to some island for two weeks, so they’re nowhere near us. I have no reason to see my brother this year, a Christmas miracle if you ask me.” John shot him another look, raising an eyebrow at him as Sherlock merely smiled to himself, pulling out his phone and busying himself with it.
“Not now, bug. Papa has to go for a bit…” Rosie pouted at his response, dropping her arms limply at her sides. “I have to go find Daddy…”
Sherlock watched in silent despair as John cleared his throat, nodding in response. Moriarty took Sherlock’s gun, slipping it into his own pocket before pressing the cold metal of his handgun back into Sherlock’s temple, watching John carefully.
John didn’t dare break their gaze until Sherlock was a mere inches away from his face. For a brief second, his blue eyes flickered down to his lips and John barely had time to realize what was going to happen before it did.
“You never told me that.” He sounded surprised, as if he couldn’t believe anyone would ever hallucinate about him. John nodded, still smiling.
Sherlock blinked once; the tears began to fall.
“Have you never seen an infant before in your entire life?” he asked sarcastically, and John stifled a laugh, disguising it as a cough as Robert turned to face him now, looking a bit uneasy.
The John he was going to spend the rest of his life with.
It was still cold but nothing like the near blizzard happening 50 miles north in London, and John was surprised at how relaxed the salt-smelling air made him as he stepped off the train. He glanced up at Sherlock, who had shoved his hands in his coat pockets and was now scanning the road in front of them, squinting a bit.
John slowly lifted his arms up from their resting spots on either side of his legs, placing one on the side of his neck and one on his face, He could feel Sherlock’s pulse, sickeningly quick against his skin and tried his best to ignore it, swallowing thickly.
Abandoning the window, he took a step back and turned around, taking a proper look at the flat for the first time that day. Everything was pretty much still in its rightful place, save for a few of Rosie’s toys scattered amongst the floor. He tiptoed his way around them, still keeping a tight grip on Rosie as he made his way towards the kitchen, then back to the front door, pushing it open slightly.
John watched him silently as he messed with the gun, tapping his index finger against the side of his thigh rapidly. He had a point. 221B had been his first home here in London.
He knows that there are certain things he’ll never be able to look at again, certain things that will set off triggers like landmines in his brain and dreams that send him into fits of panic in the middle of the night, gasping for air as if he’s just run a mile nonstop.
They ventured their way back to Baker Street afterwards, where a small crowd of cameras and people were gathered by the door, all yelling questions at them as they got out of their cab.
When clients came by, Rosie was usually out with Molly or Mrs. Hudson or sometimes asleep, but there were a few occasions where she’d sit out in the living room with them.There was one time in particular that John still remembers vividly.
John took a deep breath, grimacing at the whiteness of his friend’s knuckles as they refused to let go of their grip on the bedding before opening his mouth.
“Mark your calendars. I knew something before Sherlock Holmes did.” Relief washed over him as Sherlock cracked a small grin, dimples forming in his cheeks as he tilted his head down, looking at their hands.
He fought to stay beneath the umbrella in fear that Moriarty would snap at him, keeping up with his swift strides as they entered the theatre. The open arena theatre was completely empty, the only sound the constant shower of rain that was falling from the sky and over the seating surrounding the stage. Sherlock glanced uneasily ahead of him, scanning the place for any sort of movement or sign of life, but there was none. He turned towards Moriarty, trying to keep his voice steady.
“Always do,” he responded quietly, and John gave him another fleeting look before climbing inside and shutting the door. Rosie fidgeted in his arms, whining slightly at being woken up again and John merely rubbed her back, watching the buildings begin to blur out his window as they drove.
“Our daughter?” John swayed a bit on his feet, staring at him for a moment.
“Take her.”
John managed to drag Sherlock around the town for a few more hours, even visiting the beach, but he could tell he was getting bored and slightly agitated, as he usually did when he was in unfamiliar settings while not on a case. John agreed to catch a train back to London, and they got lucky when they snagged a compartment all to their own.
“Fired a blank into your mouth. Once you hit the ground at a certain angle, a packet of fake blood concealed in your shirt collar burst, giving the illusion that your head was bleeding…” Sherlock closed his eyes briefly, listening to Moriarty hum happily before continuing. “You knew I wouldn’t check your pulse, so all you had to do was...lie there…” His slow, loud clapping began to start up once again, making Sherlock shiver slightly and open his eyes, revealing the man to be standing right in front of him, a smug smile on his face.
And yeah, he deserved that. He knew he did. It was frustrating how dependent he had suddenly found himself on words. All words were were noises made in different dialects from someone’s mouth and suddenly they had Sherlock crying himself into a drug induced stupor? It just didn’t make sense; he’d never fathomed he’d ever find himself getting emotional over a fucking sentence. He had no heart, no emotion, no feelings; that’s how he’d grown up. That’s how he got by. There wasn’t time for...love.
“That will be all, thank you for this lovely waste of my time, Robert.” His voice was short and cold and the man scrambled up suddenly, panic-stricken.
He didn’t feel much of anything these days.
“Can I see him?” he asked calmly, watching Moriarty shake out his umbrella before pulling it back in. It wasn’t the wisest thing to ask; really, he’d be better off keeping his mouth shut altogether, but Sherlock could feel the panic beginning to settle in his stomach, his hands shaking slightly in their pockets. Moriarty looked up towards him, meeting his eyes with a slight smile, setting his umbrella down in a chair beside his leg.
Sherlock remained expressionless as Lestrade quickly grabbed ahold of Moriarty’s arm, a team of four more men restraining him from all sides. “Shut up, mate. You’ll not be seeing these men ever again, understood?” He didn’t wait for a response, instead looking up to meet Sherlock’s eyes. “You’re okay?”
“Please, let’s just…” He cleared his throat again, blinking down at the ground rather pitifully.
“I can already see the blog post; Sherlock Holmes, A Sap in a Hat.” Sherlock groaned loudly and dramatically, throwing his head back and getting a fit of giggles from Rosie, clapping her hands together at the consulting detective’s acting skills.
“First night of living together again and you can’t seem to leave me alone for more than 5 minutes,” John teased, and Sherlock hummed in response, resting his hands in his lap.
“It’s so simple, mmm? Not everything has to be so clever, you know.” He dropped his hands suddenly, taking a step forward and getting directly into his face again. “You’re not as clever as you think,” he murmured darkly, dropping his smile for a moment before inhaling sharply and bringing it back, humming loudly.
“Just spit it out, Mycroft. You’re wasting time.” His tone was short and snappy and frankly he didn’t care. Every second his brother wasted was another second where he could be out finding John, another second closer to bringing him home. Another second closer to apologizing.
“Meet me th-” He stopped short, mouth slightly agape at the now empty space in front of him. He scanned the crowds of people in front of him for Sherlock’s dark curls but couldn’t find him at all; it was like he’d disappeared into thin air.
Rosie tilted her head to the side slightly, seeming to scan his face before she threw her arms up once more in another feeble attempt to be held. Sherlock smiled a bit, reaching out and taking her gently, pulling her close to his chest.
“JOHN?!” Everything came rushing back to him in an instant, hitting him like a battering ram. Time caught back up, and Sherlock found himself shoving Moriarty’s gun out of his way, running over and falling to his knees beside him. “John, no...God, please wake up…” His hands immediately flew to his shoulders, hoisting his limp body up off the stage to pull him into his lap.
A few minutes later John was on the floor of the bathroom, sitting next to the tub while Rosie sat in her plastic chair, splashing around in the water and bubbles happily and completely ignoring her dad, as usual. John smiled and rested his chin on the porcelain edging, watching her contentedly for a few minutes before he heard the door open behind him.
He hadn’t cried this hard in...years. Maybe even ever. He couldn’t remember a time where he struggled to breathe in between each sob, where he began to feel lightheaded and had to hold himself up with his palms to the ground in order to stop from collapsing.
“Everything turn out well?” she asked cheerfully as the two of them nodded, gathering their plates up. Rosie reached her arms out towards John, eyes already droopy with sleep and Sherlock handed her over across the table, looking up as she stacked the plates.
“Oh, so this constitutes “not that much” now?” he hissed loudly, gesturing to the various fresh needle marks littering his inner arm. Sherlock shot him a nasty look at that, pulling his arm away quickly.
John reached up and pushed a curl that had fallen into his eye, giving him a watery sort of smile that felt like a bullet in Sherlock’s chest.
He heard Moriarty’s feet against the ground as he stood back up, the gun wavering slightly against it’s spot on his temple as he moved. Sherlock inhaled another breath, still shaking slightly and tried to picture John’s face one more time. His smiling, charming, beautiful face.
Sherlock’s eyes were closed, tilting his head slightly as he slid his tongue in between John’s lips and into his mouth and really, John should’ve been surprised but he wasn’t.
It was absolutely mesmerizing.
“I didn’t know that.” he stated simply, and John smiled a bit at that.
It was true; everything seemed different upon his return from Sherrinford. London was drearier, the lights that scattered the city were dimmer. He found himself walking the streets and wondering if he’d even left the godforsaken prison island, squinting up at the sky to see a sun that wasn’t there.
“Mrs. Hudson! So lovely to see you.” John bit back a laugh as Sherlock crossed over and kissed her cheek, earning a swat on the shoulder from the landlady.
Lestrade thanked them over and over again for the hard work, something he hadn’t done as often beforehand. “It’s been awhile, and I just...I’m glad to have you two back.” John grinned and Sherlock gave a tired looking smile, nodding once.
“Well, open it!” The paper seemed strangely tiny in Sherlock’s large hands, and for a moment he simply stared at it. His face was stoic and John wasn’t quite sure what he was thinking. Sherlock wasn’t used to people doing kind things for him, maybe he was feeling a bit weird about the whole thing. John had to admit, it was a bit strange but nonetheless cute. He watched silently as Sherlock pried the paper open with his forefinger and thumb, and he swore he just about threw up his entire dinner as he watched the detective’s face crumble completely.
Looking back on it now...he should’ve said it back.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I told you to pretend. I forgot the sugar anyway, hang on…” He turned around swiftly, placing a large hand behind Rosie’s back before walking back into the kitchen. Once he disappeared through the doorway, Molly set her cup down immediately and turned to John, her eyebrows raised.
“Unbelievable. Using our daughter to piss off a homophobe.” Sherlock smiled a bit, sitting back down in his chair.
“You’re sure?” Of course he was fucking sure, Sherlock thought bitterly. There wasn’t any mistaking Jim Moriarty’s presence on a camera, especially not on Mycroft’s part. Sherlock found himself standing up quickly, listening as Mycroft sighed on the other end of the line.
“Stop it, Sherlock. You don’t get to do that, alright? You don’t get to keep apologizing like th-”
Great wasn’t something that happened to John very often.
“I..I took a shortcut, and you…” His voice faltered suddenly as Sherlock pulled his hands back in front of him, a large flower bouquet in one of them. John closed his mouth, falling silent as Sherlock reached down to fix one of the tulip petals, the cellophane rustling loudly against his coat. He glanced up at John’s sudden silence, frowning at him.
“Don’t even get a hello?” Moriarty was standing beneath one of the doorways, perfectly dry as Sherlock continued to get rained on, his hair dripping incessantly in his eyes. “Not a, ‘Thanks for the note, Jim’?” Sherlock continued to glare at the man simply because, in that moment, he felt if he opened his mouth again he’d start to fall apart. Moriarty grinned at him, taking a step forward. “I arranged a little...private performance for you. You’ll love the main star; real soldierly type, I know what you like.” Sherlock was sure his blood was literally boiling now; it took all he had in him not to reach into his pocket and grab the gun to shoot him in the head right then and there, in front of everyone in the square.
“I...I have a house, though…” he replied rather stupidly and Sherlock shrugged, not even paying attention to him but rather to his gun, loading individual bullets into it.
“Please, I don’t know what else to do, the police are no help…” He sat down in the chair, close to tears and John frowned, sitting in his. He was young, probably hadn’t been married for long at all and now his spouse was gone.
“Not right now, Sherlock. I can’t do that.” He sucked in another breath, ignoring the way his boyfriend’s eyes had begun to water once more. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Oh, by the way, to answer your question; yes, my boyfriend really IS a genius.” He reached his foot out and stepped onto his bleeding leg, getting a loud, anguished scream from him in return. He lowered the gun then, dropping his hands to his sides before turning to face Sherlock and, despite the entire fucking situation, giving him a soft smile.
John blinked rather confusedly at him, tilting his head to the side.
Lestrade made his way over a few minutes later and John was still doubled over against one of the police cars, laughing into the metal and Sherlock was trying to stifle his laughter with his scarf, the two of them refusing to look at each other at all in fear of losing it all over again. John could see Lestrade awkwardly pass a glance between the two of them briefly, before clearing his throat. John managed to push himself up, blinking rapidly with a dumb grin still on his lips, meeting his eyes.
John smirked at him, tilting his head to the side and pushing off the blankets.
Great was holding Rosie in his arms for the first time.
This had been a mistake.
John’s mouth fell open in disbelief and Molly opened and closed her mouth a few times, as if wanting to say something but not knowing what. Sherlock’s pale face had turned a shade pink, and Rosie began cooing loudly as slowly walked over, reaching out and taking her gently.
Sherlock shifted Rosie once more to sit on his hip, her head immediately going to rest on his shoulder, watching the stranger in front of her boredly, still sucking on her pacifier. He looked up again, raising an eyebrow.
“Babies love everyone,” he retorted, leaning back against the headboard once more as he extended his legs flat against the comforter. John rolled his eyes.
Almost.
Rosie’s eyes were still sleepy as she rolled around in her crib, kicking her legs around once she saw her father come in. She gave him a big smile when John picked her up, blinking her large brown eyes at him as she held onto the front of his pajama shirt.
Sherlock snorted, crossing his arms in an attempt to look annoyed but he looked like a confused toddler instead. “What grade are we in, John?”
“Good,” Moriarty purred, still smiling rather sweetly at him before he glanced at John. “Other side of the table, please.” John walked over with ease, still staring Sherlock down. For a moment, the couple stood there, stoic faces and helpless eyes facing one another. Moriarty stepped in between the two of them, glancing down at the vials on the table.
“Who is it, John?” John watched amusedly as he walked down the hallway, wrapped in nothing but a white sheet before he met Mycroft’s gaze, giving him a sly smirk.
Sherlock blinked at him again, his eyes still foggy before he took a step forward, nearly stumbling and falling. He reached out and grabbed instinctively onto John’s shoulder for support, furrowing his brow slightly. It took all John had in him not to smack his hand away, merely clenching his teeth together as he watched the detective push himself back up to stand, absentmindedly brushing off his wrinkled coat, as if that would change the way he looked.
“However...I care about John. He never really spoke to me about the two of you before, which is okay for me but not for him. He’s the normal one, you know.” John’s chest constricted a bit at that, but he remained silent nonetheless.
John was frozen in place, unable to move as Sherlock sobbed, gasping for air every few seconds as it got worse. He suddenly moaned as if he were in awful pain, like he was dying and John snapped back to his senses, shaking his head quickly before he climbed onto the bed.
It was as if Sherlock hadn’t even been listening to him, he just spoke over John’s agitated words like it was nothing, cutting him off with his quiet voice. John opened his eyes then, immediately turning his head to meet his gaze. Sherlock’s eyes seemed more focused than before, his face halfway smushed against the side of his pillow as he stared back at him, his hand still tightly gripped around John’s wrist.
His eyes are still closed, but he slowly lifts up his hand and reaches across the bed until he feels skin, sliding his fingers down Sherlock’s arm before closing them around his wrist. His index finger presses against the inside of his palm, and he can faintly feel his pulse, rhythmic and strong. It takes him a few moments, but he successfully matches his own heartbeat with his, and then finally opens his eyes.
John squinted a bit, his mouth falling into a frown as Sherlock sat back up slowly, his hands sliding their way back down John’s ribcage. John remained still as he did so, his fingertips lingering over the fabric of his baggy shirt, before he finally rested his hands on the sides of John’s thighs.
It sounded stranger the longer he dwelled on it.
“I saw you, too. Constantly.” Sherlock turned his head to look at him directly, his lips turned down into a slight frown.
“Yeah, things are good. Really good.” John tightened his grip as his daughter let out another squeal and wriggled her way against his thighs in some sort of attempt to get down, still giggling loudly.
“I said I love you.”
John blinked slowly as Sherlock swallowed thickly before nodding his head a couple times, still avoiding his eyes. “Yes, I do.”
Sherlock merely shrugged a bit, finishing with his scarf and dropping his hands. “I’ve got to run to the shop and pick up a few things beforehand. You know...since it’ll be closed tomorrow and we don’t want to be stuck without...things.”
John merely smiled, shaking his head before getting up, brushing shoulders with him as he walked towards the bathroom. “Just don’t be too long, we’ve got a train to catch in an hour and a half.” He grabbed a folded towel off the kitchen table before catching glance of Sherlock’s slightly confused but nonetheless relieved face. “I’m going to get ready.”
Where the fuck was John?
Rachel tapped her pen delicately against the paper, staying quiet for a moment before speaking again.
“Sherlock…” His voice faltered as he watched the detective’s hands go up to his face, rubbing against his eyes for some sort of salvation or relief. He fell silent, shifting Rosie to his other hip as Sherlock inhaled deeply, staying still for a moment before dropping his hands back down suddenly, meeting John’s gaze with a pained face.
John’s chest ached unbearably, but he nodded nevertheless. “Completely understand.” He tried his best to give him a small smile but it probably came out as a grimace. Sherlock avoided his eyes again, saying nothing more as John turned the corner and walked down the hall to his bedroom.
“Like father like daughter, isn’t that a saying?” he called out behind him and John smirked, following him.
He was right, of course. It was the worst feeling in the world; thinking your loved ones weren’t safe. He opened and closed his mouth once, letting out a soft sigh before gently lifting Rosie off of his hip, holding her out towards his boyfriend.
“Yeah, pretty much,” he replied shortly, looking absentmindedly at a painting on the wall directly behind her, wondering idly how much time was left in their session.
John knew better than to disturb him, and when he put Rosie down and got ready for bed that night a few hours later, Sherlock was still in the same spot. He tugged a large blanket from their closet into the room, glancing around sadly at all of the pictures and papers and maps littering their floor and tacked up on the walls, his heart aching for the poor kids. He knew Sherlock felt the same way; he’d taken on this panicked sense of urgency with the case, getting more frustrated than usual when their clues left them a dead end.
‘It’s best to just breathe when these happen, John. Just focus on that and nothing else.’
Hopefully he’s okay soon.
“I don’t want it to be hard, I don’t!” His voice cracked slightly and John’s chest ached, tightening his grip on his hands as Sherlock spoke. “It’s just...I’ve never felt like this, and I don’t deal with things like other people do, and it’s all so new and I don’t know what to say because I’ve never been a nice person but I want to be that for you…” John shook his head quickly, releasing his hands before reaching up and wiping his cheeks with his thumbs, keeping a gentle grip on his face.
“It’s alright...you’re awake, you’re in London, nothing’s wrong…” That was lame and John knew it, but really what else was be supposed to say? Everything felt wrong and bad and he had no idea how he was going to deal with any of it, but none of that mattered right now.
John sat himself back up carefully, his arms snaking their way around Sherlock’s neck once more before he rested his cheek on the side of his face, his lips ghosting over the detective’s ear.
“Hi, Mycroft…” He squinted a bit, watching as he came inside and shut the door behind him. Mycroft twirled his walking stick around in his hand a bit as he surveyed the place, taking in all of the new renovations. John walked over slowly, folding his arms across his chest as he did. “What brings you here so early in the morning?” Mycroft rolled his eyes at John’s slight edge of sarcasm, meeting his gaze.
“Goodnight, John.”
Sherlock eyed him nervously, watching him closely but remaining rigid nevertheless, and John leaned forward, reaching out with both hands to slowly loosen and release his grip, clutching his hands tightly within his before meeting his eyes.
He hated that word, haunting. To be haunted, you had to actually feel something, had to take the time to realize that something was wrong instead of ignoring it all of the time. It didn’t feel like that at all.
“His wife obviously left him. He sits at home all day and complains over the Internet about how the world is falling apart because people of the same sex hold hands in public. I knew it from the start; I just wanted to see what he’d do when I brought Rosie in.” John scoffed, shaking his head as Rosie reached out for him, taking her from Sherlock gently.
The crowds thinned out the closer he got. He ran up the steps quickly, taking two at a time before he reached the front doors- and the guards that came with them.
John heard this same speech almost daily; he knew no matter what he said or did, Sherlock was always going to blame himself for this. John remained silent in response, just feeling Sherlock’s back rise and fall rhythmically.
“John…” His breathing was still shallow, his voice thick and scratchy from coughing. John merely stared at him with wide eyes, silent as Sherlock’s large hands found their way to either side of John’s waist. He lifted his head up slowly, his hazy eyes meeting John’s clear ones, and John was startled to see tears in them.
John rolled his eyes and walked over, grabbing a folded towel that was sitting on the edge of their couch as he did. “You know you’re still soaking wet.” He threw the towel towards the detective, fighting back a giggle as it hit him in the face and made him jump.
Sherlock nodded slowly, clutching his flowers close to his chest as he fell silent, frowning slightly. John stared at him for a moment, still in awe that he was even here, before turning towards the graves once more.
Fuck it.
Mrs. Hudson finally let him be, and John found himself dozing off in his chair. When he woke up to the sound of Rosie’s whining over the baby monitor, the sun was nearly done setting outside. Rubbing the sleep from his eyes, he trudged upstairs and scooped her out of bed, taking her back down.
“Why did you stop?” he barked, and Robert flinched a bit, tearing his gaze away from Rosie, who was staring absentmindedly at the ceiling, once more.
“I’ll think about it,” he replied, and Sherlock smiled brightly, obviously happy with his response before holding his hand up and shooing him out of the way. John bit back a grin as he fired three shots into the newly painted smiley face, shoving his hands into his pockets as he watched.
John swears up and down to this day that he’d never slept as well as he did that night, wrapped in soft white sheets and with Sherlock’s arms around his waist, his head resting in the middle of his chest. His breaths were slow and even against his bare skin, and his dark curls tickled the bottom of his chin. John found himself stroking them gently, struggling to keep his eyes open as he waited until Sherlock fell asleep, making sure he was okay.
He didn’t say a word, instead watching as Sherlock opened his mouth and whispered brokenly.
“Alright, truth or dare?” Sherlock sighed again, slamming his fists on the ground once like a child before blowing a stray curl out of his face.
“You forgot the part where I complain about the telly being complete shit all day long.” John grinned, shaking his head as Sherlock pressed a kiss to his forehead and strode around him, making his way up the stairs and already conversing with Rosie at his side about something.
John had never particularly enjoyed going to therapy. It wasn’t a fun thing; he’d always looked at it as a sort of scarlet letter, another attempt to fix his mess of a psyche that never ended up going as planned. But he’d been seeing Rachel for nearly a year now and after the first month he’d found himself somewhat looking forward to his Tuesday afternoon sessions.
“He took him, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s body was still shaking with every breath he took, but at least the cries had stopped. His head was still tilted down, bobbing heavily as he took John’s advice and just breathed for a few moments. John was patient, keeping a firm grip on his hands and felt his pulse begin to slow down.
“Stay right there bug, okay? Make sure you can always see me and Papa.” Rosie nodded eagerly, already wriggling her way out of Sherlock’s grasp.
“It’s just water!” he huffed loudly, grabbing it nevertheless and wiping his face off with one hand, handing John his phone with the other. John smiled fondly, taking it and falling to sit in his seat, glancing over at Rosie before back to Sherlock, admiring the way he dried himself off like a child. He shook his hair out a bit before running the blue towel over it, wiping it across his neck chest. He dropped the towel in his lap and shrugged off his jacket, his dark purple button up sticking to his skin like paint. John was pretty sure he would’ve sat there admiring him forever had he not been interrupted by Sherlock’s loud, slightly agitated voice.
“Do you love me?” The words tumbled out of his mouth before he could stop them, and he was already kicking himself internally before he finished. Of course Sherlock loved him; well, he had to in some way at least, if they were dating. Sherlock hadn’t ever looked John straight in the eye and told him that before, which would be unnerving to most but to John it was okay. That was Sherlock, that was who we was and how he acted. He didn’t need to be told he was loved daily.
Those are the worst, he thinks; his heart pounds heavily against his ribcage and threatens to crack it in half, and his head feels like it’s going to explode all over the pillow below him. Vaguely, through the massive amount of nostalgia and confusion he feels every time he has a nightmare, he thinks about how Sherlock would probably appreciate a grotesque, bloody look all over the walls in his bedroom.
“God, Sherlock...I love you too.”
“Don’t do it for me, Sherlock.” Sherlock paused at that, standing back up and blinking a bit. Another beat, then Mycroft’s voice once more.
“The night Mary died. It had been his first one in decades.”
“Because that’s what you’re supposed to do! I’m the one living off of borrowed time, I’m the one who’s addicted to drugs and I’m the one with all of the fucking skeletons in my closet!” His voice was icy and sharp and even colder than when he had yelled at him at the crime scene, and John felt the tension in the room thicken dramatically. Sherlock turned swiftly on his heel then, a look of sheer desperation taking over his face. “You’re the one with the daughter, with the normal career as a doctor and the one with a future, John! It doesn’t matter if I die! It never has mattered!”
Sherlock remained silent, his hands shoved into his coat pockets as he simply stared up at the wall, scanning it with his light colored eyes. John sighed, shoulders slumping slightly as he took a step back, listening to the faint wailing of police sirens in the distance. He could hear the murmurings of people calling the incident a terrorist attack behind him, but he knew as soon as Lestrade took one look at it, he’d know exactly who it was.
“I know, John. God, I know…” He didn’t deserve any of this man’s love. He didn’t deserve John at all. John’s face went back into his neck, and Sherlock could feel hot tears begin to spill onto his already feverish skin.
Sherlock dared to peek at John while his back was turn, the couple exchanging blank, almost empty looks, simply at a loss for what to do. Sherlock followed his directions after a moment, stepping forward and making his way to the table. He stood in front of it, his hands shoved into each of his coat pockets, his hair still dripping slightly from the rainwater in it.
“Ah, I’m sorry bug...celebration dinner will have to be postponed again…” Rosie was unaffected by his words, instead reaching out and pressing her hands against the cool glass in order to see better. Sherlock tilted his body awkwardly to somewhat face John as he walked into the room, shutting the door. “Why doesn’t London want us going out?”
“Needy, needy! She’s not taking after me in that aspect.” Sherlock sighed dramatically once more as John quickly rinsed the soap from her hair before pulling her out and wrapping her in a towel.
The crowds were still abundant despite the massive rainstorm outside. People stood huddled beneath umbrellas, street performers sulking in their now soaked costumes. Sherlock leapt from the cab as soon as it stopped, throwing some money in the driver’s general direction before slamming the door shut and weaving his way quickly through the steps, making a beeline for the steps leading up to the Globe.
John shrugged slightly, shifting on his feet. “You don’t panic when you’re with her. She helps calm you down.” Sherlock blinked, nodding slowly before looking down at the still sleeping infant, pushing a lock of her hair out of her face. John could tell his panic was subsiding away; his motions were more soft and gentle, his breathing had slowed down some. He simply watched them for a minute, crossing his arms over his chest in some sort of attempt to hide his nervousness.
“Okay, Daddy…” She yawned softly, her eyes fluttering shut almost immediately. She rested her small arms on either side of her head, her face falling to rest on its side. John backed up slowly, careful not to make any noise before tiptoeing from the room, shutting the door behind him.
“Yeah, I did. Big old celebration thing, at the Globe Theatre in Southwark. It’s Shakespeare’s birthday, or something.” Sherlock immediately stopped, not giving notice to the man who kept walking a few yards, finally noticing he’d stopped following him and turning to frown at him.
“You’re right…” he murmured, and he saw Sherlock turn his head to face him, out of the corner of his eye.
He had to admit, it didn’t make much sense. From the way Sherlock had described the suicide, there wasn’t really any possible way he could’ve survived it. John ran his fingers along the now slightly smudged writing on the paper, frowning to himself as he struggled to come to terms with it all.
“How can you expect me to sit here and watch him hurt you? Why do you think I can just...let that happen?” John jumped suddenly at Sherlock’s loud groan in response, watching him shake his head quickly and turn around, pacing the room now.
“I’d expect nothing less when she’s around you.” Sherlock pretended to look offended before walking past him and down the hallway towards his room in the back.
“Ready for the game?” Sherlock’s eyes darted down to watch his free hand carefully arrange each of the various bottles in a row, humming happily to himself. “Now John, when Juliet is first found “dead”, what was her cause of death?” Sherlock felt himself stiffen up immediately as his gun was swung directly in front of John’s face, pointing directly between his eyebrows. John, however, remained perfectly still, staring Moriarty down.
“John, look...he’s just scared, that’s why he’s yelling…” John sighed, coming to a stop at a sidewalk on the outskirts of the square before turning to face him.
“Too cliche. I was thinking, ‘Red, White and Murder’.” Sherlock merely stared at him for a moment, blinking a bit as if contemplating it.
“Sherlock, you know we haven’t gotten drunk in awhile…” he called out towards the kitchen, where he heard him scoff loudly and turn off the water, walking back towards the living room.
In an instant Sherlock found himself running towards the stage, leaping up the steps quickly. John turned to face him, reaching his arms out just in time for Sherlock to run into them, the two of them immediately grabbing hold of each other.
He inhaled deeply, leaning back against the chair carefully before staring fixedly at nothing in particular to his side, his index finger tapping rather manically against his leg.
“There you two are! I thought you’d gone out of town for Christmas without telling me!” John smiled as Sherlock hung his coat, still dripping a bit from the rain before turning to face her.
Sherlock looked up and met his eyes, waving a bit awkwardly before calling out. “You can come over now!” he said, and John smiled happily, immediately walking over before throwing his arms around his waist.
“I didn’t know you two were this close,” he stated a few moments later, Sherlock squinting a bit as he scraped the last of the food from the jar.
“Truth,” he replied, and John groaned loudly, rolling his eyes.
Still...it’d be nice every now and again.
“Right, well...I’ll just, leave you be, then…” What the fuck was he even saying? John’s entire body was screaming at him to stay, yet he found himself walking towards the door. Why on Earth would he leave someone alone after an episode like that, let alone Sherlock, of all people?
He didn’t even try to close his eyes anymore. Every time he did, he was back in the well, struggling to breathe and clawing at the walls around him, begging and pleading to get out as the water enveloped his entire body.
“You’re never allowed to do that again,” he managed to whisper out, his voice still cracking slightly. John’s arms slid around his waist immediately, pressing his body against the detective’s.
Sherlock found himself frozen to his spot, setting his jaw and staring at the concrete ground beneath him. The footsteps got louder, and his stomach churned miserably.
It wasn’t until after Mary’s death, until after they had started living together with Rosie that Mycroft had casually brought up the fact that Sherlock had been prone to panic attacks as a child. It had come as a shock to him because, well...this was Sherlock they were talking about. The always calm, always collected Sherlock Holmes that never let anyone see how emotional he could really get. Sure, he liked to yell and complain and quite literally throw temper tantrums about things at times, but John had never associated the word “panic” with him before.
Sherlock nodded in response, watching with a grim expression as they began to lug him down the stage steps, down the aisle and out in the front for everyone to see. He was almost certain Moriarty was enjoying it all; he thrived off of attention.
John shrugged a bit, watching their silhouettes against the light in the kitchen as Sherlock rummaged around in a cabinet, feeling strangely warm inside. “I know we just got things back to normal again, but he’s loved that little girl since the day she was born and she obviously loves him back too.” He grinned to himself as Molly smiled a bit, shrugging.
“And so am I, John!” He moved his head back down and made eye contact with him. “I knew what I was getting into when I asked you to move in. It’s really not as big of a deal as you’re making it out to be.” John opened his mouth to speak and Sherlock merely raised a hand up to quiet him. “Molly will be up in 3,2…”
Rachel nodded quickly and changed the subject, but the sick feeling in his stomach never went away.
“He had the right idea,” he said monotonously, and John couldn’t help the laugh that escaped his lips, covering his mouth with his hand as Sherlock smirked at him, running his fingers through his hair.
Life wasn’t fair, and he absolutely did not plan on staying around any longer to experience this cycle again.
Moriarty was a show off; he remembered John saying that once, and it was true. He was a drama queen, the star of the show. He loved his attention and got upset when he didn’t get it. That being said, Sherlock knew he wasn’t one for mysteries. He was a very simple person, if you really thought about it; he WANTED to be found out about, he WANTED a fight. Therefore, he never made things that hard. Not for anyone, and especially not for Sherlock, the man he had been teasing and messing with for years now.
“Mrs. Hudson really should tell us when she’s leaving.” John rolled his eyes, sliding a shirt over Rosie’s head as she reached impatiently towards the bowl, grabbing a strawberry and shoving it happily into her mouth.
“Let me call Mycroft first. He’s supposed to have a watch on him all the time...maybe he knows,” he breathed out slowly, rubbing his eyes. He supposed it made him feel slightly better; if something serious had happened to his little brother, John was pretty sure Mycroft would inform John. Then again...this WAS Mycroft he was thinking about.
John sighed internally a few minutes later when he heard Mycroft exclaim, once more, for Sherlock to “put on some bloody clothes so they could talk business”, and figured it was time to go back down.
“Well, find it again! I will not have you giving my sweet little goddaughter a cold!” She reached out and cupped Rosie’s cheeks, pressing a kiss to her head and Rosie giggled in return, clapping her hands happily. John smiled and nodded.
Since then, John had been able to get away with kisses here or there, never in public but that was okay. However, Sherlock had never been one to start them. It was a sort of silent agreement between them; John ran the show in their relationship, and Sherlock took care of everything else. It had been...well, it was fine. Not great, but fine. He loved him enough to move on.
Grumbling a bit, John turned on his heel and set off down the street, knowing he shouldn't be surprised at all. He envied Sherlock sometimes; what he wouldn’t give to be able to escape situations and crowds like that when he could. He cut through one of the many parks in the town, making his way past laughing kids and tired looking parents, already eager for winter holidays to be over, the excitement and promise of Christmas tomorrow morning thick and heavy in the air.
“Look…” he began slowly, hoping silently to himself that he’d make sense as he spoke. “We know how he is. He’s a drama queen, he likes to drag things out and make us run around in circles. But you’re SMART, Sherlock. You can figure out what’s he’s going to do, you’ve done it before. He’s not difficult, he’s just arrogant.” Sherlock kept quiet, his expression strangely vacant but John could tell he was still listening nevertheless.
“Anything for my two boys, anything!” she mused, and John barely managed out a “Merry Christmas” before she shut the door, probably already headed straight for her bed.
“I’m fine now…” he managed out, his voice sounding strangely hollow. John eyed him uneasily, his own hands falling into his lap as the two of them fell silent once more.
‘Shakespeare Festival. Southwark. Send everyone you can. Please.’
‘He’ was Moriarty.
“No, not my little bug!” Rosie grinned and reached out for him immediately, locking her small legs around his frame as he sat her down on his waist. She wiped her little hand against his face, still wet from outside and giggled, obviously entertained by the state both of her parents were in.
“She sees you every day…” Sherlock stayed bent over for a moment more before sitting up slowly, rolling his shoulders and neck around slowly before meeting his eyes and shrugging.
This wasn’t like it was before. There hadn’t been all of these feelings, all of these declarations of love out and in the open for everyone to see.
everything i am is not everything you wanted
“I don’t need a hamper.” Rosie called out loudly for him, making a strange sort of baby shriek and holding her arms out before Sherlock bent over and picked her up. John hummed a bit, watching him press a cheek to her kiss.
“Money’s on the shelf above the fireplace,” John called out lazily before shutting the door, smiling to himself when he heard the front door close and Sherlock’s heavy footsteps take off down the stairs.
“Only you, John Watson…” he mused quietly, sliding his thumb lazily across his knuckles for a moment before yawning. “No offense, but if you’re little episode is over I’d like to go back to bed.”
Rosie watched nonchalantly as John leaned forward and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, squeezing one of her toys loudly. Sherlock turned his head last minute and meet John’s lips, the two of their faces flushing bright red like teenagers. She threw her toy down immediately, squealing for both of their attention as they pulled away with soft smiles upon their lips.
He spotted Sherlock immediately, standing by himself in front of the building’s wall. There was a crowd of people gathered behind and around him, although they all kept their distance. John immediately crossed over to his side, trying to ignore the way everyone was mumbling and whispering around him, pointing towards the grey bricked wall.
“Do you know how to get to the cemetery from here?” he asked suddenly, and John nodded, turning and pointing towards the right.
Mrs. Hudson sighed fondly, leaning against the doorway to her kitchen. “John, I’m telling you I’ve never seen him this happy in my life. It’s absolutely wonderful,” she beamed, and John fought back another grin, feeling his own cheeks heat up.
“Last minute call out for a case we’ve been working on, he wasn’t particularly happy about leaving her behind. But our little bug turned 18 months old yesterday so we’re going out to celebrate tonight when he gets home, isn’t that right?” Rosie ignored him, too busy examining the lush blue carpeting she’d just noticed was beneath them and Rachel laughed softly.
“Check the cameras at Baker Street. Don’t lie and say you don’t still use them, I know you do. I need to know where John is.” Sherlock was surprised at the desperation in his voice; that hadn’t been his intention. Mycroft was apparently taken aback too, for it took him a few seconds of mental process before he cleared his throat a bit awkwardly, apparently ignoring all of the smart comments Sherlock knew he had floating around his brain.
That voice.
Rachel seemed to be biting her tongue, a pained look on her face as if she were withholding the words she wanted to say. John suddenly felt very uncomfortable being there, the air becoming stifling and the walls seeming to inch their way closer and closer towards him. He slid his now sweaty palm down the top of his thigh before sitting up quickly, clearing his throat.
The lack of noise, the deafening volume that came with nothing; that’s the first thing he was aware of when he opened his eyes.
“Where’s Papa?” she asked worriedly, resting her chin on his shoulder as she looked around. John rubbed her back in response, making his way towards the front of the building.
“He is...he’s amazing.” Sherlock took a pause after this, and John could hear him fidget with the flowers once more. “He’s the first person I’ve ever met that doesn’t make me feel...well, weird and left out, even though I am usually. If you met me, you’d get it.” He gave a heavy sigh, pausing again before clearing his throat.
“This is him? That detective?” His unimpressed voice would’ve offended Sherlock any other day, but he kept his mouth shut as a loud clapping noise startled him, the noise slowly getting closer and closer.
Sherlock finished and looked up at John, furrowing his brow in surprise to see him still standing there like an idiot. John sighed heavily, scanning his face for a moment before shrugging.
“Hello, John,” he stated simply, failing at hiding his annoyance as John blinked in surprise, stepping back.
“RIght down there, maybe 10 minutes away?” he replied, and Sherlock nodded once.
“Let’s go home,” he stated simply, and all John could do was nod in response.
“Talk.” he demanded, and Robert nodded again, clearing his throat slightly.
“Why didn’t you come straight home?”
All Greg could muster up was a sad look on his face, watching quietly as John hailed down a cab. With one arm still wrapped around Rosie, John opened the door to get inside before turning to face him once more.
“Mmm…” John watched him yawn, giving him a sheepish smile as he slowly blinked open his blue eyes, lifting his head back up.
There really isn’t words to describe what John felt in that moment. It was more than relief, more than love and admiration and joy. All he could feel was Sherlock’s body against his, long arms wrapped around his back and his wet nose against his neck. The pressure in his chest was gone; John took a deep breath and just inhaled Sherlock’s scent. If he thinks about it today, he can still smell him.
“It’s not the yelling part. It’s the way he yelled at me. I’ve never seen him like that before.” And it was true. When Sherlock yelled (which was pretty often), it was due to frustration or annoyance, not so much anger. When he and John argued, it was always over something pretty meaningless, something that didn’t matter a few hours later. He’d never taken his fits seriously; Sherlock was a child sometimes. But John still feel the slightly shaky feeling in his limbs, could still feel the way Sherlock’s voice reverberated around in his head, like aftershocks of an earthquake. This wasn’t...normal. It wasn’t him.
He walked over after she’d eaten a few bites, Sherlock paying him no mind as he crawled into bed beside him, their shoulders brushing up against each other.
It had been well worth the wait. There was nothing else like it.
“This is serious business, Sherlock.” Sherlock dropped his sheet even lower, his entire chest now exposed in London’s bright morning light streaming from their windows.
“Yes, it’s from to-” Sherlock had it snatched from his hand before he could finish his sentence, closing it up to examine the front page.
John smiled to himself, leading Sherlock inside before shutting the door in their faces. He suddenly couldn’t wait to see the papers tomorrow.
“Sherlock-” Another loud gasp, this time accompanied with large hands grabbing ahold of John’s arms, and it seemed to echo throughout the flat. John immediately scrambled to sit up on his knees, shaking his head quickly.
“The back’s busted out, scratches on the side...looks like Daddy might’ve dropped it, mmm bug?” Rosie sniffled, having resorted to popping her thumb in her mouth to relax. It was safe to say she had no idea what was happening; after all, she was a toddler, but it helped immensely to think out loud. She was a good listener; good like her father.
He yanked the door open with his trembling hand and nearly leapt across the hallway to Sherlock’s door, pushing it open and stumbling inside.
The way he refused to say he loved him back before he left the room.
Sherlock’s eyes were closed before he even finished speaking, looking possibly even paler than he did before. “John…” His voice was soft but rough sounding; he cleared his throat and his eyes flew open suddenly, meeting John’s eyes with such ferocity that it made him shiver slightly.
Sherlock kept absolutely silent, and John could feel his gaze boring holes into the top of his skull. He tried his best to ignore it, pushing his shoes to the side before standing up and grabbing an extra water bottle off the bedside table.
