‘Sure thing, Tony,’ the man fixes him with a look, ‘as long as you promise not to start sinking into yourself again whilst trying to look out for all of us.’
If you motherfuckers think for one minute I am going to let Tin Can do his big sacrifice play, you got another fucking thing coming. Fuckwits.
Captain America may have swapped the Howling Commandos for the Avengers, but Steve Rogers still missed his old teammates. The only person who knew them like he had was Bucky; he’d been wanting to ask Tony about what he remembered about the Commandos from his childhood but hadn’t had the courage yet. He still wasn’t sure why. Now he thinks he and Tony and Bucky should sit down and have that discussion together.
‘Alright we’re here,’ Natasha says, and Steve spots May standing outside of a large doorway, beyond he can spy the auditorium. Tony greets Peter’s aunt and she takes his arm and guides him towards their seats in the second row. The rest of the team enter in their assigned groups; when Steve enters with Bucky he can’t see Peter anywhere, but there’s an open door where he can see a few students milling around so he assumes the teen is through there. He gives a smile and a wave to Ned, sitting a few rows behind Tony and May and gets a huge smile and wave in response.
‘She’s fine, and you’re avoiding the question,’ he comes to perch on the desk next to her. ‘How are the others? Did they arrive alright?’
Loki laughs. ‘I think I shall make you tell me the full story one day, it sounds more entertaining than anything Thor can tell.’
When he starts to pull away Peter makes a noise of protest, tightening arms around the man’s neck and jumping up to follow the man’s mouth, using his wall crawling abilities to hold onto Wade’s shoulders, and wrapping his legs around his waist. Wade stumbles back a couple of steps, but quickly steadies them and continues to kiss him. It’s deep and ferocious, and full of emotion, much like the man himself.
‘No it’s fine,’ Wade surprises Peter by cutting her off. ‘It’s not like they’re easy to ignore. Short answer: cancer.’
The inventor gives him a small, genuine smile and puts a hand on his shoulder. ‘You’re alright, Wade Wilson. Remind me to give you my number before you leave, you’re welcome here any time.’
‘And I’m going to hide behind Nat,’ the archer says, leaping over the sofa. Peter grins and goes to take a swig when the bottle is snatched from his hand.
‘Boys!’ Natasha shouts, bringing them both back to the present. ‘Seriously? Now is not the time for you two to be arguing over who loves Tony more. We need to get him
‘Seriously? We are not going to get attacked by a horror villain, and who even has that as the first thing they think of when talking about Christmas?’
‘Peter agreed with me!’ Tony counters. ‘Besides it’s not Christmas until you’ve seen Hans Gruber fall from a building.’
Thor’s roar of greeting towards Strange brings their attention back to the room, and Bucky finds his gaze sweeping the room for one of the still missing members.
‘- and then when I was trying to jump back to the present after considering whether or not to kill baby Hitler-’
‘I-you-I..’ Wade struggles to form a sentence, still looking at the paper in disbelief. ‘You want me to be a part of the team? Officially?’ he asks, voice quiet.
‘Hang on Baby Boy I just gotta update these guys!’ Deadpool turns back and sighs, shaking his head. ‘Teenagers these days just don’t know the meaning of the word patience. Anyhoo where was I? Oh yeah! Doing the author’s job.
He nods, resting his forehead against Steve’s. ‘Just a little sore. Been a while since I’d met someone with the stamina to beat mine in bed,’ he chuckles.
‘We wouldn’t be a team if I hadn’t got you all back!’ Tony screams at him. ‘We were the ones to tear the team apart in the first place, Steve. But I was the only one of the two of us who actively tried to get us all back together. So don’t you
He’s actually considering trying to hide behind Steve and Bucky right now. Not sure he’s ready to tell Tony the full story yet, he settles with saying. ‘I just got a bit distracted for a few days. I’m back on top of everything now, Mr Stark.’
He gives a small smile, but doesn’t look up from the carpet. Then he’s pulled into a tight hug and, after a couple of seconds, he wraps his arms around her waist. ‘Be careful,’ he says quietly. ‘I don’t want any of you to get hurt.’
‘No,’ his voice is firm. ‘I’m not that stupid. He knows I visit you guys every other weekend, but that’s about all he knows about my personal life. Except for my burger and taco preferences.’
Only two more chapters to upload for this story, and the Christmas story should also be going up at some point today.
‘Avengers!’ Steve calls, readying his shield as the barrier drops and the aliens come rushing through. ‘Assemble!’
Tony laughs. ‘Now I see why those two get on so well. Come on, Cap, let’s not leave the others at the mercy of an excitable Wade, Peter and Wanda combined.’
‘Using your magic can hurt you?’ Wanda asks from where she’s cutting out biscuit shapes from dough with Vision.
‘Just…’ he takes a couple of breaths to calm himself. ‘Tell me something only you would know.’ He looks up at Tony, trying not to break down as the fear that this is all an illusion again threatens to overwhelm him. Or what if it isn’t and he thinks it is and he-
Wanda finds the strength to raise her head and meet Agatha’s gaze, behind the other woman she sees the first symbol starting to appear. ‘Don’t you remember your first lesson?’ she asks the other woman. ‘In a given space, only the witch that cast the runes can use her magic.’
Rhodes shakes his head. ‘If I know Tony he’s still got it somewhere. But anyway, for much of his childhood you were his idol, his one way of being close with his dad.’ Rhodes looks sad and he sighs. ‘Then he started acting out as a teenager, getting drunk underage at parties, arguing with his dad. He just wanted some kind of attention from Howard that was all about him, I think, that was Howard acknowledging him as his son and wanting to spend time with him because of that and not because of a long-lost friend he was still desperately trying to find with every spare second he had.’
‘Considering out of the two of us I’m the one who doesn’t have a long history of going off by myself and doing whatever the hell I want regardless of what others say I think I’m probably in the best position of the two of us. Or do we need another Ultron incident?’
‘I also need to thank you for my present, although I imagine he’ll be keeping me awake for the next few nights at least.’
‘I don’t know why I like him,’ he admits, looking down at the ground and leaning back against one of the workbenches. ‘But it just feels- I guess inevitable? He’s always there in patrols and he has my back. There’s so many times he’s turned up when I’ve been getting into a bad situation and he’s got me out of it without a second thought; without me even
‘Well, I was thinking,’ he traces patterns with his finger over Steve’s chest, ‘when it’s time to drop Peter back tomorrow after we’ve done all the decorations, maybe we could go into the city as a team and do something. I was thinking of taking everyone ice skating, renting the rink out after hours so we don’t have to worry about super strength hurting anyone, or us getting carried away. But obviously if you don’t want to we can think of something else, there’s plenty to do in New York after all. Maybe we could-’
‘No worries,’ he shrugs. ‘Now lets catch up to those two before Bucky decides to chop down a tree that isn’t actually for sale.’
‘Well I see you chose America’s golden boy after all,’ Justin Hammer says from where he’s handcuffed to a table. They’ve kept him at the facility until they have all the information they need from him, and from the files they took from the complex. There’s a lot to get through.
Shuri, despite her best efforts, is at a disadvantage by not having any physical enhancements like her opponents, and to not having had as much experience with drinking. She’s the next one out, falling asleep on Natasha’s shoulder until Peter carries her down to her room.
‘Don’t worry Buckaroo she didn’t ruin your good looks,’ Tony laughs, then takes the spare seat next to Steve. ‘Let me guess, you’re not so annoyed at being beaten as you are that Sam, I’m guessing, used your own line against you?’
Without seeing where he’s going or what he’s doing he pushes away from the mercenary. Somehow he makes it outside and finds a rooftop to curl up on, hugging his knees to his chest.
‘Nat don’t turn this into a bloody mission,’ Tony moans from next to Steve; he takes the inventor’s hand in his own and gives it a quick squeeze before releasing it. They haven’t told anyone outside the team about their relationship yet and are wanting to keep it that way as long as possible.
‘You know so many people are saying that recently I’m going to get a complex. If I start stressing over my good looks disappearing I’m sending you the shrink bill.’
Wade feels a warm feeling spreading through his chest. Spidey had been thinking about him. ‘He’s got a heart of gold, but you don’t need to worry about me Tin Can.’
‘He’s rapidly replacing you as the most irritating person in my life,’ she scoffs, bringing her coffee over to where they’re all sitting, giving a quick greeting to the rest of the team. ‘So what are you all doing then?’
The problem is that Bucky is much fiercer and quicker with his attacks than Sam, who doesn’t have the speed to match, and Steve, who was landing punches in a steady rhythm; it’s taking everything in him to keep up with the dodges, and Bucky’s moving around so much he can’t pin when would be a good time to try and take his legs out from under him. Plus his counter attacks are barely landing and now he’s getting frustrated.
‘Alright, Baby Boy,’ Wade laughs, standing from his chair and grabbing hold of the webslinger and throwing him over his shoulder, ‘you and me are going for some sparring.’
He looks over at Sam, whose face says he feels like he’s just attempted to murder Tony and his whole family. ‘Sam? Stop it. It’s not your fault.’
‘Not sure that’s a good idea, Tin Can,’ the man responds, holding out his hand, ‘but I appreciate the offer and I’ll consider it.’
‘Yes that’s what I’m afraid of,’ Thor sighs, glancing over at Peter who at least looks sheepish. ‘Take care, brother.’
‘Handguns,’ Rhodes interrupts, shrugging at the questioning looks. ‘If we use anything with too much kickback I got to change the settings and I can’t be bothered.’ He gestures to his brace and the other two nod in agreement, Bucky throwing him a handgun and a few rounds of ammo.
‘Thought you said this would be simple?’ Clint’s voice comes through the comms. ‘And I quote Cap: “It’ll be simple. Find Thanos, take him by surprise, get the stones and bring everyone back.” This is not simple, Cap. We need to have a conversation about what the word “simple” means.’
‘Not currently,’ Strange frowns, noticing the piece of hair in front of his eyes is moving seemingly of its own accord.
‘So,’ he says, leaning against the wall next to her as they survey the gathering, ‘how does it feel to have won our first major war?’
‘There’s only so high I can go,’ he laughs in reply, letting the boy fall down so he’s swinging him with his hands firmly grasping his chest, meaning he can swing the boy further.
‘Why does every AI I create end up learning sarcasm?’ Tony wonders aloud as he quickly leaves his workshop. ‘Make sure you save all of that, FRIDAY, I was close to a break through.’
Tony sighs. ‘I underestimated him before and treated him like a little child, and it nearly got him killed. But he got through it on his own merits and, so far, has been making pretty mature decisions when it comes to doing things as Spider-Man. I’ll let him continue to prove himself,’ he sits back down. ‘Besides, FRIDAY will let me know if anything really bad happens. It’ll set off a warning from his suit and we can go get him out of whatever situation he’s got himself in.’
‘No way! Pete? I didn’t know you went here,’ Harry Osborn’s face breaks out into a very familiar grin.
-What do you think?- Loki snaps back. –Do try and remember, Barnes, these are the people that abandoned me as a child and then I tried to destroy. If they are coming to Earth they are not going to be joining my fan club.-
‘I wouldn’t,’ Lautenus says; he points his ice sword towards them. ‘I think I shall take care of you all first, and then by the time my dear brother comes to his senses I can kill him as he looks at the friends he failed to protect.’
‘Who the fuck are you?’ I ask, sitting up and realising I’m not in my suit, just my normal sleep wear.
‘Vis!’ she shouts, her power dancing at her fingertips before she can second guess herself. ‘Get everyone away.’ Her power wraps around the debris, and she strains against the weight. ‘Hurry!’
‘Surprisingly not,’ he laughs in response. ‘And I would answer your question Colonel if I knew what marzipan
‘We could have certain bases specialising in research,’ Bruce sounds a little excited at this proposition. ‘And have them based in the countries where the leading experts are.’
The humanoid looks at him for a moment then gestures for him to follow. With a glance back at the rest of the team at the table he does. Vision leads him along a short corridor and pauses outside of a door that Steve has never been through.
‘Please,’ Laura smiles as the two assassins start to catch up. ‘Luckily the kids slept most of the way, but it was still an early start for us.’
‘Come here,’ Sam sighs, coming to stand in front of him wearing a matching black suit, ‘honestly, Cap, I thought you’d done this millions of times.’
Wade frowns at him. ‘I told you: it’s a lab HYDRA were using, looks like they’re trying to pull the same shit they did to me.’
‘This is August Magnusson,’ Tony gestures to the man stood next to him, ‘he’s leading on this dig. He’s going to take us to see this interesting graffiti.’
In the meantime do let me know what you think of these two chapters. I hope you continue to enjoy the story and, as always, do let me know what you think.
‘-quiet you. Loki has to come because he’s the only one who can potentially read these damn things, and he and Bucky can’t be too far away from each other or we risk them turning into brain dead zombies. Which, I’m not really sure you could tell the difference, but it’s always best to be safe.’
‘I can put in more,’ she tells him, opening the source of her power more. She can feel the power flowing through her, rushing through her veins with her blood and pounding in her head. Why had she never tried this before?
‘They asked me about our relationship when they were questioning me,’ Tony sighs, ‘just as a warning: it’ll be all over the tabloids by the morning if not before.’
Peter flashes him a grin. ‘You’ve already been chosen,’ he hears Natasha’s chuckle from the kitchen and the blond’s cheeks are tinged pink. ‘I think the only other ones are Martin Luther King Jnr, George Washington and Christopher Columbus.’
Peter groans and, knowing he’s going to regret this, makes his way to the front of the bus. ‘Mr Harris? Perhaps I can solve this.’
Steve feels his heart sink. Tony hadn’t gone to Peggy’s funeral because he didn’t think Steve would have wanted him there.
I’m coming, so it’s not like I’m breaking and entering, right? Oh god I’ve been spending too much time around Wade, I’m talking to myself.’
‘Oh yes,’ the second woman sounds far too excited, ‘it was a proper “shots fired” at Tony Stark that one.’
He trickster rolls the now empty mug between his hands and looks down at it, Bucky lets him have the time he needs. ‘I haven’t spoken of this to Thor,’ he eventually says, ‘but I…I had been wondering about what to do to help bring stability to Jotunheim. There have been wonderful strides made already but…’
‘Firstly, young Earthlings, I must apologise for my brother’s absence,’ Thor addresses the crowd once they settle in one of the larger briefing rooms, ‘he was intending to be here with me, but unfortunately he has had to remain on Jotunheim.’
‘Because he helped us defeat Thanos,’ Steve sighs in that tone of voice that Tony knows is reserved solely for when he’s testing his boyfriend’s patience going over the same thing, ‘and Peter wants him to join in.’
‘T’Challa is prepared to extract you should the need arise,’ Tony says, still not looking away from his screen. ‘Nat’s already in the US in case we have to move quicker than planned, and the training bots are poised ready to malfunction, needing the team to round them up.’
Peter sighs but waves up at his classmates anyway before turning and following Wade out of the training room, not wanting to get caught by anyone as he heads to have a shower.
Steve smiles back. ‘Well you’re still a jerk so I’d hate to be the one to break the mould.’ He feels the smile melt from his face as he looks back out over the trees. The doubts he’s been fighting for the past month creeping back.
‘Oh no you don’t!’ Loki goes to stand in front of his brother. ‘That will just make things worse! You can come with me and make sure that, should he manage to reach the facility, he does not accidentally hurt anyone left there.’
‘She’ll get Nat. You get Nat to stay with you if you need it alright? No arguments, mister, I’ll have FRIDAY keeping an eye on you and she’ll tell me the moment you aren’t doing as we agreed.’
Wanda looks down at their hands, blinking away tears. ‘I’m not sure I’m ready to face him. What if I lose control of my powers again? What if I end up hurting the team instead of helping to defeat him? I can’t trust my powers, Vis, not after the other day.’
‘Oh right we didn’t tell you did we? So when Wanda came back we decided every Friday night is team dinner and film night. We take it in turns to cook something and everyone sits and eats together. Plus if the kid’s visiting it forces him to spend time with everyone rather than trying to convince me to let him tinker with one of my old suits. I think I’m just going to do spaghetti. That alright with you?’
‘You’d be the next obvious choice after Peter,’ Strange tells Scott. ‘And you’ll be much better use here at the flag where you can provide hidden backup.’
Steve doesn’t really have anything to say to that, but luckily for him the elevator doors open and the step out into the short hallway that leads to the entrance to Tony’s ‘Cave of Wonders’.
Natasha takes out the letter that is sitting on the top and opens the envelope as Sam pulls out a bright red knitted sweater with an Iron Man helmet and snowflake design across it. She laughs as she reads it, then puts it back in the envelope.
‘We should contact Clint and Scott,’ Natasha agrees. ‘If Thanos is heading this way we’re going to need all the help we can get.’
The middle of the week finds Tony sitting in his workshop looking through everything he has on Justin Hammer. They’re still no closer to finding out where his former business rival is hiding and it’s driving him insane.
‘Please take it,’ Tony repeats when they pull apart, still so close together that Steve can feels his lips moving against his own. Steve nods, looking down and taking the band from Tony’s hand and slipping it back on his finger. ‘Steve?’
Matt chuckles as he goes towards a toilet stall. ‘I am blind. I just use my other senses,’ then he proceeds to briefly explain how he can ‘see’ whilst still being blind. As they leave the bathroom and Peter returns him to his friends Matt leans closer and says in his ear. ‘Maybe you should think about the real reason you’re protecting Deadpool,’ he suggests.
‘But…but I nearly destroyed London, and gave a maniac control of your tech, and nearly killed a classmate!’
‘SHIELD air support, focus on those machines!’ Steve roars through the comms. ‘Tony and Rhodey think you can take them out?’
Rhodes goes to start warming it as soon as they get back while Vision helps Wanda take her things to her room. The two of them walk into the kitchen to Rhodes bodily throwing Tony out with orders to lay the table, and explaining his reasons to a giggling Wanda as they plate up.
‘I thought we said we’d meet at midday,’ Tony raises an eyebrow as Strange walks through the open portal. ‘Some of the team are still not up.’
‘Well, well, well,’ the familiar voice says, ‘I would say I’m surprised, but considering what I’ve been hearing I’m not really. What can I do for you, Stark?’
He takes out the brochure for the dance school, which is only about a fifteen minute walk from his school, and starts going through the pages. ‘I can’t believe it. How did you remember something like that?’
‘We thought your school might be a good one to start with seeing as they are all known quantities to you,’ Natasha answers, ‘so it’ll be easier to work around them.’
‘I say we get burgers,’ Peter replies, pulling his own mask back down over his mouth. ‘Or chilli dogs. There’s a great place for chilli dogs not far from here. Race you to the bad guys.’
‘I thought you liked having the opportunity to watch me use my muscles,’ he points out, grinning at the small blush that creeps up Tony’s neck.
‘Why? He usually stays locked in his workshop until the early hours, Buck. Trust me, from past experience I know he doesn’t like to be disturbed mid-inventing session.’
Head swimming slightly, Steve opens the fridge door and pulls out the milk. ‘Tony told you to have my coffee ready?’
‘I’ll fix it and I’ll get them home. You two focus on keeping what’s left of this team training, alright?’ Tony says, clinking his glass with theirs.
‘So what I really want to know,’ Loki hears Bucky say as he enters the common area, ‘is since when are you gay? I thought you took some girl to Homecoming?’
The face in front of me starts melting and shifting. Peter’s wavy brown curls lengthen and straighten, turning long and black. The face shifts into a woman’s, the body getting taller underneath me. When it finishes I’m not sure Francis isn’t still playing some sort of sick twisted game.
Thor sighs. ‘This is not a happy tale, friends, though we hope to make it so by its conclusion by defeating the Mad Titan.’
‘Here,’ the soldier’s voice is soft as he lays Tony back on the bed and starts to work at the muscles in his back; he gives a groan of appreciation as knots that had formed years ago in the workshop are finally worked free.
‘Nice of you to join us,’ comes Tony’s tense greeting. Still keeping their eyes on the fight the two of them inch round towards him.
The girliest screech Tony has ever heard has him banging his head on the bottom of the boiler the next morning.
‘Not necessarily, but I’m not sure it’s worth funding some of them still. Some aren’t actually going anywhere so there’s not really a lot of point in continuing to support them, the funds would be better used elsewhere.’
‘His wife,’ he replies, fitting the key into the side door and, taking a deep breath, turns the lock. With a quiet
‘What is it FRIDAY?’ Tony pushes away the medic tending to the cut above his eye. It’s nearly two hours later and the clean up is in progress, thankfully no one has been killed, but there are some serious injuries. Hammer has also remained in custody, so Tony’s focussing on breathing a big sigh of relief.
‘Peter,’ Steve uses his full Captain voice and the teenager snaps his mouth shut, but he’s still frowning, ‘if you can’t find a way to balance school and being an Avenger, and you can’t demonstrate to me you have the maturity to balance them, you are off this team until you graduate. Is that clear?’ Peter just frowns at him and mutters something under his breath. ‘Want to repeat that, Queens?’
‘I seriously need to do some weight lifting,’ she grumbles to herself as she inches her way towards the park. Before she gets halfway there she sees Vision coming back towards her.
‘We had little choice,’ Thor says, crossing his arms, ‘Asgard was destroyed and as we were making our way here to seek sanctuary we were attacked by Thanos. He is now on his way here.’
‘I love it here, Karen, but I can’t wait to go home,’ he mumbles as he drifts off to sleep, lulled by the steady breathing of the baby on his chest.
Steve blinks. ‘What, that’s it? No chewing me out on not having enough information? Just “alright”?’
‘Tony get down!’ Clint slamming into his side and sending them both sprawling to the ground from his chair cuts off his retort, the next thing he hears is a crack from the table. He looks up over Clint’s shoulder to see a bullet hole in the table.
Natasha scowls as she takes off her sunglasses. ‘You really need to work on your undercover skills,’ she grumbles, taking the offered seat on the bench next to him.
‘How about this: when I first met you, back when I asked you to come help in Germany, you said you couldn’t come because you had homework,’ Tony finishes and takes another step towards him. ‘Or how about that I still have a piece of the brickwork from the building Vulture dropped on you to remind me why I don’t ever have to doubt you again?’ Tears blur Peter’s vision as Tony takes another step towards him. ‘Or that when you found out I’d made your override code “Baby Genius 2-0-0-4” you moaned for two weeks and tried to convince me to change it.’ Another step closer and Peter can feel his whole body trembling. He’s just over an arm’s reach away, but Peter still can’t bring himself to trust this is real. ‘Or that you recorded a message right before you jumped off the bridge when Venom had hold of you? But I deleted it before anyone else could listen.’
‘Steve, honey, you are drunker than I actually thought was possible for you to get. As the one in this relationship who is an
Peter has so many questions, but he knows Wade needs to hear some reassurance from him right now, or he’ll never open up about what it is he has to say. Deciding he can leave his questions for the discussion with the rest of the team he reaches up and presses his lips to Wade’s, finally feeling the mercenary relax against him. ‘I love you, Wade, and there is nothing that can make me doubt you love me too,’ he tells him when he pulls away.
‘Better run along, Wade. We’re running off somewhere you’d never think to look for us. That is, of course,’ he pauses to scoff a laugh, ‘if you can get out of here.’
‘The old dining room would be a good place to set up,’ Tony says, steadily making his way through a packet of blueberries. ‘If we can get the table cleaned we can set everything up on there while we start on the rest of the room.’
‘If you think I’m wearing any of those ridiculous outfits you have another thing coming,’ Valkyrie’s voice drifts down from the other end of the table.
'Not got your buddies Captain America or the Winter Soldier to help you this time?' one of the boys scoffs.
‘She did a lot better having you here to bounce off of anyway,’ Natasha adds, ‘literally in one or two cases. Though if you two continue to make as much progress as you did today we may have to get a professional tutor in for you.’
soon. In the meantime I have to run before you finish tracking my system. My new friends are very good at helping me keep one step ahead of you. Until the next time we meet, Anthony. Hail Hydra!’
‘I… this is still a strange idea to me,’ she admits, as Peter passes down the last of the boxes. ‘I think this is something that Gamora would have understood more than me.’ Nebula’s face, which is not normally expressive except in showing anger, is clouded over with what Tony can only describe as grief.
‘How does he plan on tearing apart the Avengers? Someone tried before and they’re now stronger than ever.’
He has to admit Natasha’s done a good job of training the kid. The spy’s fighting style lends itself to the teen’s super speed and coupled with his advanced warning system Peter’s giving Bucky one of the trickiest fights of his life. The soldier’s still able to land a couple of hits, though not as many as the teen does; he calls a break when he realises the reason Natasha has asked him to train with the kid today.
Peter smiles and nods, Wanda gets up and joins him, grabbing one of his bags before he can take them both. ‘You’re an idiot you know that?’ she says fondly as they head down towards his room.
‘What do you mean ideas?’ Tony smirks, seeing the blush starting to creep up Steve’s neck. ‘I was only going to tell Nat the truth.’
‘I love you, Nat,’ he replies. She just laughs softly and points to the stool she’s just vacated. He takes the hint and sits down.
‘Alright, alright, don’t get your panties in a twist,’ he slings the bag over his shoulder and follows Peter up the stairs. ‘Anyway, I’m starting to think that Baby Boy nickname is more fitting than I realised. Just how old
‘If we time it right with the revelation of Ross’ involvement with HYDRA and Tony’s capture, not to mention if and when we find evidence on other members of the Council, we shouldn’t have too much issue pushing it forwards,’ Nick says.
‘Peter had a bit of shock coming out of the last memory and just needed some time to calm down,’ Strange reassures the inventor. Then he adds. ‘I’ll wait outside with the others until you’re ready to join us.’
‘Stop jumping to conclusions and give Peter a chance to tell his side of the story,’ Wanda demands, ‘or I’ll knock both of you out!’
The inventor doesn’t reply, just holds his hand that’s not cradling the arc reactor out to the soldier. Steve’s at his side in seconds, pulling him against his chest and rubbing warm hands up and down his shaking back. Nearly ten minutes later he’s finally calm enough to relax in the soldier’s arms. ‘Just ask me, Steve,’ he murmurs into the man’s bare chest, eyes closed as he listens to the heartbeat just under his ear.
‘Good. Get out, you drive and follow her,’ he points to Natasha, ‘and get everyone back to safety. You pull any funny business? She’ll put a bullet in your head no questions asked. Understood?’
generous with his last paycheck there is no way he could afford all of that shit. Plus, it’s got Fury chasing his tail trying to clean up after him.’
‘You’re going to be horrendous to live with for the first month when they start dating aren’t you?’ Steve sighs.
‘Something Francis said,’ Bucky steers the conversation back on track, ‘makes me think maybe they’d be trying to find a way to do what you did and cross the dimensional barriers.’
Tony’s down in his workshop late that evening. They’ve all eaten dinner together, along with some of the cookies, and Sam has taken Peter home. The door to his workshop is open, so the person he’s called walks right on through.
‘So she was so important to you as a child, but as soon as you became an adult you decided you didn’t need her anymore and just forgot about her, huh? You don’t deserve that gun, Stark,’ Sharon spits at him, ‘that gun was her most precious possession. It should be with someone who actually gave a damn about her-’
‘I keep a watch list of individuals and beings from other realms that may be a threat to this world, as a master of the mystic arts it is my duty to see that they are removed from this world as soon as possible. Loki happens to be on that list and I have already asked Thor to remove him on a previous occasion, I did not think they would be coming back.’
‘Oh come on, Stark,’ Hammer laughs, ‘you think you can work it out? He got me out of that prison right from under your noses and you didn’t realise what had happened until I
With the death of Thanos’ last lieutenant at the hands of his brother, the rest of the army does not stop fighting, but it certainly becomes less co-ordinated. Loki strides across the battlefield towards the blond, letting his Asgardian visage slip into place, though not removing the crown from his head.
‘Yes well you aren’t exactly known for being the picture of sanity,’ Peter laughs. ‘I’m excited because Mr Stark invited me and my family to spend Christmas with the team up at the facility. Apparently everyone is staying there over the holidays for once, and he’s even getting Colonel Rhodes’ mom to come over.’
‘Surely you’re jesting?’ Thor says, looking between the three of them in surprise. ‘You really wish to celebrate our Asgardian traditions?’
‘Hey Parker, finally decided to join us then?’ Flash says, pushing in front of Peter in the line. ‘Should I be asking you what’s good here or do you not normally get to eat with the other workers? How was your afternoon of filing Tony Stark’s reports by the way? Or did he actually let you do something fun seeing as we were here?’
‘Tony’s with him,’ he reassures her, helping her stand from the bench she’d been forced to stay on since the paramedics arrived.
‘I am by no means a great healer,’ he responds, trying to shake himself from his shock, ‘but I may be able to work with the technology you speak of to increase the healing benefit. However my magic is returning slowly after my injury, the amount required for this sort of spell would be greater than what I could safely perform now.’
‘Oh bullshit!’ Sam throws the sandpaper back onto the table, reaches underneath and pulls a very surprised Bucky Barnes out by his shirt collar.
‘Sorry for fucking up and nearly killing me you mean?’ Bucky demands, narrowing his eyes at the man.
‘If anyone tries to stop me spending a day in the hot tub after this I am going to unleash a whole new kind of hell on them.’
‘I also know what Justin Hammer looks like,’ Vision says, standing up, ‘and I’ll be able to scan the area for him once we arrive.’
‘I told you when we faced Ultron we’d do it together, and again when we were all back here. I meant it Tony, every word. Even more so now than I did then. Anything that comes our way we’ll do it together. Tony, I-’
‘Everyone has a weak spot. He just has to find each of theirs. If we attack key members first, the rest will fall apart.’
Peter blushes, but knowing he’s not going to be able to change the merc’s mind just nods. ‘Fine,’ he pouts, ‘but just so you know, when you get frustrated at taking it slow I’m reminding you this is all
‘It’s the one place I knew you wouldn’t look,’ Steve laughs, watching as Tony rips off the bright red wrapping paper and opening the long thin box inside.
Tony doesn’t argue, doesn’t say anything else, just let’s Steve continue his ministrations. Slowly, very slowly, the genius relaxes as Steve focuses on getting rid of the grime and dried blood from his body until he’s finally clean and Steve can pull out the plug, letting the filthy water flow down the drain as he reaches for a towel. He doesn’t let Tony stand up, just bends down and scoops him up out of the tub, wrapping the towel around him and taking him back to the bed.
‘Ok it’s on. Powers are in play,’ Peter says, a determined look on his face that is eerily reminiscent of a certain Captain.
‘Don’t tell me you’re a Scrooge,’ Sam points a mocking-stern finger at him, ‘or you won’t last long in this place over Christmas.’
‘You turn the volume down when he’s in the workshop because the loud music hurts his ears,’ she points out. ‘And I’m not even sure he knows what band it is you’re listening to, he just likes it because it reminds him of working in the workshop with you.’
dinner and you can have both Papa Stark and Mommy Spider hearing it. Not to mention I’d love to know what Wanda would do if she knew her adopted little brother was-’
‘Err… two hours Captain Rogers,’ Peter says, taking a big bit out of a chunk of bread, apparently getting a little bolder now he realises he’s not going to get told off for his actions.
to do this for him, as a surprise. Besides the whole team is going to be there; we’ll be at Peter’s school and I’ll be sat down for the whole time. The only time I’ll be walking is from the car to the auditorium. Come on doc, a bit of fresh air will do me good, and if it’s too much someone will bring me back. I stay cooped up in this facility any longer I’m going to go
‘Betty you’ll be next to MJ,’ Peter points to her door, ‘and Harry you’ll be opposite her next to my room, here.’
‘And no one feels like dealing with a bitchy Tony Stark right now,’ Hope says as she scrolls on her Stark Pad.
‘He means Peter hung up on him before answering,’ Wanda explains. ‘It’s called ghosting when you stop taking calls and messages from someone when there’s no apparent reason behind it.’
‘Looks like he’s shamed them into silence,’ Ned mutters as it takes about twenty seconds for anyone to brave another question.
Peter considers giving an affirmative, but then pauses. Could he take out Deadpool? ‘I’m not sure,’ he answers truthfully. ‘I’d like to think I could, and if he was threatening to hurt people I’m sure I could at least keep him tied up. But if he did go rogue I’d have to call the Avengers.’
‘Already at a hospital and Fury’s dealing with keeping it quiet. As soon as we can assess who was experimented on we’ll move them to a more secure place and the others can go home,’ she responds.
a genius after all, and he’ll admit he actually quite enjoys his sparring sessions with Natasha and Sam. After all the three of them aren’t super soldiers, nor do they have enhanced strength, and they still get involved in fights up close and personal; there’s plenty of jokes that go around the team that Tony’s suit does most of the work, but he still has to punch in it and fight just like the others on occasion. So Natasha and Sam are perfect partners when he
‘No,’ Hope reassures her, ‘I’m just trying to make sure you aren’t sweeping anything under the proverbial rug that could come back and bite you. When Scott first got the suit and we were trying to teach him how to use it my dad and I kept so much stuff from each other and him that it nearly got in the way of us pulling off the operation. I just don’t want you guys to make the same mistake. I get you not wanting to deal with it just yet because you aren’t ready, but that doesn’t mean you can ignore it completely.’
‘If you can let me know the translations as you make them I’ll be able to make a program to help you translate quicker,’ Tony says, pulling up some screens on his watch.
‘My parents were away a lot as well. Mom had her social calendar and Dad…well Dad was away for a lot of different reasons. So it was just me here with Ana and with Jarvis if he hadn’t gone with Howard.’
‘Dude, I know I’m not one to talk, but don’t you ever shut up?’ Peter says as they creep towards the edge of the building, watching where the two men enter. ‘Karen, keep an eye on where they go for me.’
‘Uh, yeah sure,’ he responds, still trying to get his head around the fact that Tony would be cooking. ‘You need any help?’
There’s silence for the longest time, and just as Tony is about to pull the phone from his ear and give up on the ancient piece of technology being able to connect, the ringing starts. He can feel his heart pounding, and just has long enough to be grateful for the fact there’s no longer any shrapnel in his chest when the ringing stops.
There’s an uneasy quiet again in the room and Peter looks up from his model. ‘Do you really think they would have come back if there were?’ Tony argues.
‘I’m alright but Sam’s unconscious,’ she replies, seeing the soldier’s face appear in the window. ‘Go check on the others! I’ll get him out.’
‘The Queen would organise plays and entertainments,’ Valkyrie adds, ‘and they would last through the whole celebration, even during the preparations, and they’d all lead up to the big dance at the end which would open the feast.’
Tony smiles, that same small smile that Steve remembers from their first meeting. It still makes his stomach flutter. ‘That would be perfect.’
Tony casts a look around to make sure none of the team are within earshot. ‘I don’t want any of them knowing just yet, Pepper. They’ll all have something to say about it and will argue they don’t need it. It’s not about that though, it’s about-’
‘You didn’t manage it last time Wade, did you? You…’ Francis trails off, frowning as he obviously thinks something through. ‘Shit. You bastard you managed to work out how to cross the barriers didn’t you?’ He cuts himself off with a laugh. ‘You may have killed me somewhere else, Wade, but here you weren’t quite so good I’m afraid. And besides,’ he nods at Bucky as he finally manages to get around the crates and head towards Wade in the centre of the room, ‘you might walk through this, but he can’t.’
‘She’ll be happy to get some of the action,’ Quill laughs, he’s become quite friendly with the dry-humoured powerhouse.
‘I never did before the spider bite,’ Peter replies, voice gaining confidence, ‘so I couldn’t suddenly start and be awesome at it. Not when I’m supposed to be a nerdy kid that can’t stick up for himself.’
‘Look it’s all on his side I swear. But the point is just being friends with him has made a difference. He tends to only take protection jobs now.’
‘But the Avengers are more like our family,’ Bucky nods. ‘Maybe it’s because we’re out of our time,’ he shrugs. ‘Maybe it’s because there’s so much more shit we’ve healed from with them, but either way it’s a different feeling with this team. Wouldn’t trade my time with the Commandos for anything.’
‘Mine,’ Rocket cackles, and then races off to see where else the other team was planning to attack from.
Then there’s a roar of fury and the hands are gone. He hits the floor and groans, trying to crawl somewhere. His vision is starting to clear, and his hearing is getting more focussed. There’s a horrible, sickening crunch, followed by the sound of someone throwing up; then the sound of a body hitting the floor.
‘Complete with flashing warning lights and sirens,’ Valkyrie sighs. ‘You guys just couldn’t play nicely could you?’
‘What are you doing on Earth?’ Tony demands, pressing the arc reactor in his chest and Steve feels slightly better at seeing the genius’ iconic red suit slipping into place around his body.
Peter drops, throwing out a leg and spinning round, knocking the ex-assassin’s feet from under him and sending him sprawling; then he flips over the top of the prone man, webbing both of his arms to the floor before landing perfectly and grinning at him.. ‘That’s for the coffee comment when you first came to pick me up from school.’
‘So let me get this straight,’ Bucky says as they walk down the corridors of Peter’s school towards the auditorium. ‘Peter did a presentation for a history project and his teacher was so impressed it was chosen to be given at this big school event, and we all got invited to come along?’ His tone implies he knows someone is keeping something from him.
Steve and Bucky are standing next to one of Tony’s less flashy cars; Steve’s doing his best to be polite and welcoming to any kid that tries to talk to him, but it’s difficult when his dark haired friend is alternating between winding up Steve and seeing if he can scare off kids with his glare alone.
‘Thanks, Harry,’ he says as they weave between the tables, ‘you didn’t have to do that you know. Making an enemy of Flash isn’t going to make your life here smooth sailing.’
‘Nope,’ he shakes his head as they work on the lights. ‘None of the rest of us had the mistletoe tradition that Rhodes’ family does either, we just started combining everyone’s traditions.’
‘So we need to get them all back?’ Tony asks, studying Strange carefully. ‘This all part of that plan, doc?’
Steve reaches over and takes hold of his friend’s hand, squeezing it in support. The tissue he’d passed him earlier has been shredded in the metal fingers, and there’s still a steady stream of tears flowing down his face.
The man pushes Ned into the floor, and Peter winces in sympathy at his friend’s grunt of pain, then comes over to him. Grabbing a handful of his hair and pulling his head back to make him look in the man’s face, Peter does his best to hold back a pained cry as the man shakes him.
‘Maybe cross that bridge when we get to it,’ Natasha suggests, ‘but that sounds like a brilliant idea, Sam.’
I apologise profusely for what I did to Bucky. I'm not going to lie...it's going to get worse before it gets better. As always do let me know what you think and if there is anything you'd like to see in the future!
Tony bursts out laughing. ‘As much as I appreciate the offer I don’t think you want to be talking to a teenager about his sex life.’
‘Considering what you have done for me today, I shall do as you ask,’ Loki half-smiles at him. ‘I cannot promise that I shall change my ways overnight, Vision, I have become very accustomed over the past years of relying solely on myself and leaving anything behind that I begin to form attachments to. It never ends well if I do.’
‘There!’ he shouts, pointing to the ground where Vision’s body is laying. What worries him is the fact that Wanda is nowhere to be seen. Tony lands them, Thor right next to them, and the three of them face Thanos, Vision laying in agony to the side.
Bucky shakes his head mutely, still trying to process the information Tony has just given him. He’s never heard the story of how the inventor became Iron Man, and now he regrets not getting Steve to tell him.
‘Yeah I got a bone to pick with you,’ Bucky raises an eyebrow at him, waiting for the nurse to finish her jobs and leave and for Steve to take a seat, a much comfier seat than what he’d had before, before continuing. ‘So you failed to mention you’d spoken to someone at Stark Industries.’
have any of you do it because you’re all needed for the Accords, and I want this taken care of before it gets out to the media,’ Fury cuts off Natasha. ‘Now I decide to try out your newest team member and see if he can help me.’
Bucky shoots him a glare. ‘I’m being serious, Steve. He’s working himself too hard and none of us are able to give anything back at the moment. If we don’t find a way to get Tony to realise we can help him out, he’s going to crash and burn. I’m not sure how we’ll be able to pick up the pieces if he does. I’m also not sure how well the team will hold together if he does.’
‘Why does everyone think it was so terrible that we ended up with a second tree anyway?’ Bucky demands. ‘We
‘Ok soldiers, back down,’ Tony grabs hold of the back of both Bucky and Steve’s collars as they turn in unison to glare at the last reporter. ‘Come on, let’s just get the door closed.’
Tony resists the urge to reach up and touch the lump on his cheekbone. Bucky had caught him with his metal arm when he was lashing out during one of their tests; the man was still apologising and it had happened three days ago. Tony had threatened to blindfold him every time he looked guilty when he caught sight of Tony’s face. ‘If he hadn’t been near the end of recovery I’d probably have a broken jaw,’ he says, settling back into his chair. ‘This is the injury I received from his metal arm. An arm that has, in the past, ripped into the Iron Man armour. I think you’ll agree he is exhibiting better control.’
‘You expect me to know ever intern that comes through our doors when I’m busy Avenging?’ Tony asks, wishing Wanda would hurry.
‘Steven!’ Thor greets him with a one armed hug, his cape flowing out behind him. ‘Congratulations on the day of your union!’
‘I can’t see him, Cap, and he’s not answering his comms,’ Rhodes’ answer is filled with dread. ‘How’s Pete?’
‘All except the old Expo site,’ he nods, ‘I’ll go to the others first and then head over there. Now how about we stop talking shop and actually chill a bit? You look ready to drop, Baby Boy.’
‘I know,’ the voice reassures him, then sighs. ‘Alright I’ll wait until you can visit. Just don’t leave it too long, alright?’
‘Steve? You alright? You know I’m only joking right? I mean I don’t want to make you uncomfortable, I’m not going to push if you don’t-’
Everyone laughs. And they continue to work out their plan of action as the food steadily disappears. After lunch Rhodes heads over to the facility to see if anything has come up there that might be of use while everyone else starts setting up the house.
‘Yes, my king, I will admit to being surprised at how readily your friends have accepted us. Our first meeting was not exactly the most friendly.’
‘No we want you to do a rain dance,’ Tony rolls his eyes. ‘You may be affected by this in the future, so yes we want you to vote.’
It takes Natasha less than two minutes to work out the best path for them to take. Really Bucky should know not to underestimate her at this stage.
‘I know, that’s what worries me,’ he laughs against the older man’s chest. ‘And just…no more heroics alright?’
By the end of the morning the boiler is working again and they’ve all been able to have hot showers, they’ve also managed to clean the kitchen to the point where no one is risking any diseases from the food they prepare in it, and the table is thankfully big enough for them to eat at for now. Rhodes and Bruce were also able to start going through all the information FRIDAY had compiled for them on Zemo and the information Shuri and Nakia had been able to send over from their own investigations.
‘Very funny, Rhodey. What might have slipped your mind is that not everyone here knows the kid. Or rather only knows him from Berlin,’ Tony reminds his best friend.
‘Pepper?’ Tony says, tone still light as he stands up. ‘Would you be a darling and organise for the trash to be taken out please?’
The rest of the team are eager to meet one of the few family members any of the team has left, and Mama Rhodes finds herself at the centre of attention of the Avengers, all of them wanting to make her comfortable and asking all about her.
Tony gives him a questioning look in the mirror but Bucky just shrugs. ‘Alright, well we’re running a little late so I’m going to have to step on it. Buckle up everyone!’
‘It looks like Peter assigned control to the person that Director Fury was working with,’ the AI answers, ‘his name is Quentin Beck.’
‘T’Challa,’ she greets him warmly, ‘we are about to take our leave of Wakanda, and I understand you shall soon be leaving for Vienna?’
Peter can’t quite place the look Steve gives him, but the soldier is called back to the group before he can respond.
‘Yeah he mentioned that too,’ Natasha says, ‘and about how much you’re doing to help him get through it all. Steve’s confused as hell, T’Challa and I are finding it hilarious.’
‘I’ve no interest in joining the super-hero squad,’ Daredevil spits at him. ‘I’m only interested in him,’ he points towards Deadpool, ‘getting the hell out of here. And if not then if I can’t find a way to get rid of you myself I’ll drop the Avengers a line and make sure they finish the job.’
They’ve brought Thor with them for the extra muscle seeing as they’ve got to get a few trees this year to take into consideration the Yule celebrations as well. They split up and wander around looking at the different trees, Bucky finds himself wandering down a corridor of pines and, as he’s about to exit to go down the next one, he sees a family in the centre having a tree wrapped up ready to take, there’s three children and one of them looks to be a few years older than the others. He’d guess about eight years older. The father and older boy look to try and lift the tree between them, struggling to get a hold, the two younger girls are bouncing up and down impatiently and their mother is desperately trying to control them.
‘And whilst the Hong Kong Sanctum may not be as secure as Kamar-Taj,’ Strange adds, ‘at least it’s precise location is not known to anyone on the team.’
‘More like screaming, but yes it is,’ he replies. ‘I’ve made a few more modifications to it this afternoon, just to improve accuracy and stuff. But it’s still the same gun.’
Loki allows himself a small smile. ‘I know I am only here because of my brother’s request to you, you don’t have to pretend there is any other reason for it,’ despite his best intentions there’s a note of insecurity in his voice.
‘Deadpool,’ he growls, unceremoniously dropping the red suited man the rest of the way to the ground.
Hammer’s gleeful laugh behind Tony has the blood in his veins turning to ice. ‘Ah the precious intern. You know I am just
A/N: I am so so sorry I didn't update last week. I ended up getting call for extra work things and have been trying to get ready for my masters course starting and completely missed the weekend passing me by. To try and make up for it I'm giving you last week's update, this week's chapter, and an extra chapter.
‘Cap what do I do when I find Tony?’ Scott asks as Steve watches the two red suited men disappear down the fire escape.
‘Peter, we didn’t think,’ Tony says, tone calming, ‘we’re sorry, why don’t we just take a couple of breaths and then we can-’
‘Yeah well I didn’t,’ he huffs, ‘and in our defence you did come in at the end of the conversation and the start of the more fun things.’
Peter smiles and shakes his head. ‘No. Uncle Ben used to bring me and Aunt May every week when the rink went up until he….well when he was alive. We haven’t been since. Come on I’ll show you how to skate backwards.’
‘Well we’ve worked out these guys are morons,’ Shuri jabs a thumb towards Bruce and Tony and Steve tries very hard not to laugh at the offended look on Tony’s face.
Tony lets his hands travel up Steve’s arms to link around his neck, pulling his head down so he can rest his forehead against Steve’s. ‘I’ve never been too sure about most things in my life, but when it comes to you? I don’t doubt a single thing. And that kind of scares me if I’m honest.’
‘Wilson still refuses to take the job and all the trails are running cold, sir, you asked us to update you every two hours.’
‘Get the damn door closed,’ he hisses, ‘and they can’t ask any more questions. Plus we cannot start this week with you guys mowing down reporters. Now get that damn door
‘I mean if you weren’t such an idiot at keeping things to yourself you wouldn’t be in this situation,’ she retorts.
‘Yeah the others didn’t pass on the memo did they?’ Tony quips. ‘We told them Earth was closed and they didn’t listen. Are you sure you want to go the same way as them?’
Peter hangs up after his latest check in. He’s gone from doing one update per patrol to one every two hours as per Tony’s request, and he knows the man is monitoring the GPS on his suit every time he’s on patrol. He would be getting annoyed, but he remembers how scared Tony had been after the call with the guy named Hammer, and it makes him smile to know the man does actually care about him.
‘I think we may have to rearrange our gallery plans,’ she jokes when he finally returns. ‘Though we definitely need to go eat.’
Tony has had the occasional message from them, to say thank you for getting them home and to let them know if he needed anything. But under the rules of the agreement they can’t have too much contact.
The dark haired man next to him sighs. ‘Yeah, a lot of the time, Stevie. Sometimes I wake up and forget we’re eighty years in the future and I look around wondering why I’m not in a bunker with Dum Dum next to me.’
‘You do know if you’d given me space I could have had the suit out right?’ he coughs around the dust from the explosion.
He’s about to offer to help when his senses go off again and he’s ducking another punch, this one goes sailing over his head. ‘Bucky! No fair! And you were using your metal arm!’
Tony at least has the decency to look sheepish. ‘Yeah, he and Rhodes may have been there when I listened to one of your reports. Sorry, kid.’
‘I think, even if he isn’t happy with whoever your partner is,’ Sam says carefully, ‘he’s not going to risk losing any relationship with you. So even if he isn’t happy he’ll at least give them a chance.’
Bucky shrugs, but at Steve’s raised eyebrow he sighs. ‘I don’t know if you noticed, Steve, but Tony’s been doing all of this alone.’
Bucky shakes his head. ‘Nope, ne- HEY!’ he wipes the dough from his face and scowls at the teenager. ‘What was that for?’
Steve looks over and sees another man, sharply dressed in an obviously expensive suit, with dark hair and eyes, and a goatee that accentuates a mouth that’s currently turned up in an amused grin. ‘No,’ he admits with a soft laugh, scratching the back of his head, ‘not that often.’
‘What the hell is this?’ Rocket asks, holding up his sweater, a racoon face decorating the front surrounded by a variety of guns.
‘I’ll get hold of them and get them over here,’ Sam says, taking out his phone. ‘We can pause everything else for an hour or two at least.’ He goes to make the call to the rest of the team.
‘Come on, Tony,’ Steve stands up, pulling Tony to his feet, ‘I need to get you fit enough to fight, because this,’ he holds up the inventor’s hands, ‘is not going to be the last bits of Peter, alright? We are going to get you clean, you are going to rest up and then we are going to get what’s left of this team together and we are going to go hunt down this son of a bitch and we are going to get
‘I will, see you later,’ he waves back at her as he walks through the portal Doctor Strange had set up nearly two weeks ago. ‘Woah,’ he says out loud as he takes in the building he’s just walked into. ‘This is awesome.’ He looks around, taking in the large staircase, and the cabinets on all the walls surrounding him. No one had actually been to the Sanctum before so he’d had no idea this is what would greet him.
‘I don’t want to go back if we can’t all go,’ Steve places a hand on his friend’s shoulder. ‘Clint and Scott got back to their families and Wanda’s back with Vision. The rest of us can afford to wait and see.’
‘Any chance it was something he gave himself? Tried to give himself your mutation after you’d left?’ Bucky suggests.
‘That’s the top clearance level in the company,’ the inventor continues as Peter trails off, ‘which is currently assigned to three people: you, me and Pepper. Pete…this is kind of a present for now and something for the future and I wasn’t sure whether to tell you now, and then decided Nat was right and you should have the chance to decide for yourself how much you want to do now-’
‘I suggest next time you play the hero you make sure you don’t get yourself killed in the process,’ Loki says, offering him a hand and pulling him to his feet, the broken off ice sword tip melting in the alien next to them.
Fury raises an eyebrow. ‘Considering the first one of his you attended, do you really think that’s wise?’
Wanda, Steve, Tony and Peter return to help Vision and Wong protect Strange; and another of Thanos' lieutenants tries to take them by surprise.
you, and we barely get you out of that shit show. The next thing I hear is Tin Can has been taken, and you nearly got taken with him, and then you’re running off to Hell’s Kitchen to go see a vigilante that, last time we spoke,
‘You’ll be fine, Pete,’ Natasha says from wherever she’s ended up. ‘Remember your training and trust your instincts.’
Fury is quiet for a few moments as he considers. ‘I’ll trust your judgement,’ he nods, ‘let them go. But speak to Romanov first, tell her she has the power to call off the mission if she thinks they’re compromised in any way. Make that clear to Wade and Barnes too.’
That’s the one that finally convinces him, and he half falls and half jumps into Tony’s hug, letting the inventor hold him so tight it nearly hurts and run a hand through his hair. ‘Or,’ this time Tony’s voice is quiet so only he can hear, ‘that the first time you called me “Dad” was when you’d had a nightmare after Wade left when you were first free of Venom and I carried you back to spend the night with me and Steve. It was the best thing I’d ever heard in my life and I promised myself I’d do everything I could to live up to it.’
‘What?’ Peter blinks, then growls in frustration and runs after the merc. He exits just in time to see the man disappear into an alley and gives chase. ‘Wade!’ When he reaches the entrance he can’t see the man anywhere, but a sound from above catches his attention and he looks up to see the man vault onto the roof.
Steve smiles. ‘Not yet I haven’t. I was wondering if you wanted to start joining in on team training? We seem to be slacking on the weekends, and I didn’t want you to get left alone with only the mad scientist for company,’ he grins as he jerks a thumb at Tony.
break from this series to try out some of the other things that are bouncing round my head and clamouring for attention. For one thing I feel like my writing in this series is beginning to get a little stale, and I don’t want quantity to override quality because that isn’t fair to you as my wonderful readers, and I think doing a few things outside of the series will help with that. For another I’ve kind of got to replan a chunk of where this series is going following some requests and comments from you wonderful readers, and I don’t want to go ahead and do it without working out what’s happening first; again I don’t want the quality to go down.
‘It is not something you can just toss idly aside like an unwanted toy,’ Lautenus snaps. ‘You, who are Jotun and yet are unaware of any of our customs, cannot
‘No, as long as it is done and ready to be put on the table for the Yule Feast,’ Loki answers, looking at his own block of clay with a frown. ‘I’d forgotten about this tradition, and I notice you didn’t mention it to me before today,’ he raises an eyebrow at his brother.
The next few days after the team’s ‘intervention’ for him had gone much better than Tony had anticipated. When he and Natasha had got back from the meeting with the Council Sam had come to speak to him to suggest he only spoke to a couple of the team about his hydrophobia and flashbacks.
‘Well as long as my school is here I’m going to be checking to see where they are every few minutes,’ he grumbles.
Peter watches as the merc leads his best friend to the nearest stair well and up to safety. ‘Karen? Patch me in to comms.’
‘What is it Pepper? Is there something else that I need to sign? Another pain in my ass trying to call me?’
‘I doubt it. He never revealed His existence to Justin Hammer; the person that man thinks is pulling the strings is Ross.’
There’s a long pause and Clint’s about to call through again when he gets a response. ‘I’m going to have to take the braces off. Once I reach my suit it can act as the brace, but it means I’m going to need you to pull me through most of the way.’
‘Or maybe you should let him decide that,’ she sighs as he waves her off and heads back down to his workshop.
‘Hmm well it was this or a drinking game, and I didn’t think anyone would appreciate a drinking game with a child around,’ Valkyrie shrugs.
‘Of for Norns sake!’ Loki closes his book with a snap. ‘Both of you shut up. Thor go stand at the opposite end of the line and
Tony’s best man. You be Steve’s,’ Rhodes’ voice joins in. They’d left the two of them back at the facility, partly to appease Ross and partly so they can keep an eye on the hacked security cameras from the airport. Something for which he is extremely grateful for right now.
It easily ranks as one of Wanda’s favourite ballet lessons ever. Peter was wrong when he said he wasn’t a natural, or perhaps it was his improved balance from his powers and the core work he’d been doing as his training, but he quickly grasped the more basic routines and was able to keep up with her.
‘Sorry Mr Stark! I didn’t mean I didn’t want spend with you. It’s just, wow you really want me to join in training? I mean are you sure that-’
‘Can you live with the new Accords? Even if we try and change them more in the future?’ he knows he must be sounding a little desperate.
‘No,’ she shakes her head, ‘let’s go.’ As she tells FRIDAY to close down the various screens and turns to follow the teenager she sees him waiting for her in the doorway.
‘The weapons,’ he says quietly, as if he’s piecing together his thoughts as he’s talking. ‘They sound different.’
probably the best placed person to be paired with on this trip anyway,’ Mr Harris says, a little wrong-footed at the revelation.
The shock on Tony’s face is real enough. ‘You can’t be serious?’ he asks. ‘I thought the implant was a success and that the soldier was able to use the arm without any issues. Though…’ he trails off and looks thoughtfully back at the party, ‘I did wonder why he wasn’t with the squad when we got introduced earlier. Why wouldn’t your Captain have said anything? I asked how the soldier was doing and he said all was fine and he wasn’t up for dealing with large crowds yet.’
‘I know,’ Peter sighs as everyone turns to look at him, ‘he’s normally worse. At least he tones it down around you lot.’
‘Steve?’ he manages to rasp, then immediately starts coughing.  The noise has the soldier reaching for the water jug; it also has the mop of brown hair shooting up, wide brown eyes looking up at him.
Christmas present. They said you can take as many people to watch as you like, but only four can be racing at any one time. They also let you have a go racing whichever of the vehicles you want. Do you like it?’
‘Thor that thing is huge,’ Steve eyes the tree uncertainly. ‘How are we going to turn it into a table in time?’
‘Next our only female Avenger to be starting off the dancing tonight, the Black Widow: Natasha Romanoff.’ Steve watches Natasha all but glide across the floor, her long black dress dragging slightly behind her. ‘And last but not least, our country’s finest, Captain America himself: Captain Steve Rogers.’
‘And what of this Christmas you speak of?’ Thor asks. ‘Tell us, friends, about this celebration of yours.’
‘Remember that one year we found a branch on the street that had fallen off a tree so we took that back to yours and used that as a tree?’ Bucky laughs, slinging an arm over the blond’s shoulders.
‘What?!’ Peter shouts, jumping to his feet, his hands clenching into fists at his side. ‘You bastards-’
It’s only as they clear the tree line that Valkyrie realises they’ve circled back around to the, now demolished, obstacle course. Hulk is standing in the middle of the wreckage, fighting against the magical ropes that Strange is using to try and stop his flailing, and the webs Peter is using to help him with. Unfortunately the teenagers webs, whilst strong enough to withstand most things, are unable to stand up to the raw strength of Hulk.
‘I thought you said we were saving this until we got back?’ Bucky cuts him off, trying to fight the blush rising on his cheeks. The other occupants of the car just laugh at him, even Loki managing a smile despite his subdued mood, and Tony puts his foot down.
‘So considering there’s no explosions I take it things are going well so far?’ the assassin asks as she enters the workshop.
‘Sergeant Barnes, Mister Stark?’ Rumlow frowns, and Steve is struck by how completely in control of this situation Tony is, and has to bite back on a smirk.
he tells himself, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. He opens them again to watch his team as he raises his hand.
Tony stops, he sees the warning look Vision gives him, and turns, lifting the face plate and stalking back towards Ross. ‘I don’t need this suit to take you apart, Ross,’ he growls at the other man. ‘When you were just attacking me I took it and let you play your games. Now you’ve gone after my team. You want a war? You better be prepared to lose.’ He turns to the guards who are looking very pale. ‘I want that list of prisoners sent over to me within three days. Understood?’ The only reply he gets is two nods.
‘No, no, no, no,’ Peter repeats the one word mantra and stumbles out of the room, pushing past Deadpool.
Deadpool looks at him, and for the first time Peter wishes he could see his face under that mask, because he has no idea what the man is thinking. ‘I’m sorry.’
Tony just laughs. ‘He wants you to strangle it with the chain, babe, just like Leia did with Jabba the Hut.’
Bucky groans and gives a small laugh. ‘You’ve been spending way too much time around, Steve. That’s what he used to say.’
Wade meets his eyes and there’s a lost look in them that Peter hasn’t seen in a long time. ‘Baby Boy there’s something I should have told you a while ago, but I wasn’t sure how to. After this mission it’s clear I’ve got to tell all of you just…just promise me you’ll never doubt that I love you alright?’
scrawny,’ he pouts. It takes a bit of coaxing for him to finish the story, admitting to how he got Wade to agree to removing the no-kissing rule.
The woman sighs. ‘Not really. I heard from him the other day that he’s on the trail of an energy source and should be back in a couple of days; apparently it’s… well it’s a similar reading to an infinity stone.’
‘Yeah but you know I’m right,’ Tony grins at him, getting a small answering smile back. ‘I’ve got to go now, Pete, otherwise we’ll miss the flight and Cap’ll be going on about it for
‘You can,’ Strange tells her, voice gentle but firm, ‘you’re the only one here with the power to. Destroy the gauntlet and Thanos will not be able to use the power of the stones.’
‘Of course he is,’ Loki sighs, not moving from where he’s lying looking up at the ceiling. ‘Can you not tell him I am awake, FRIDAY? I would prefer some peace for a little longer. Tell him it will not be long before I join them.’
‘Tell me,’ the Jotun says, and the two go to stand some distance away where they won’t be overheard. When they’re finished Lorena uses the Tesseract and disappears from sight.
‘Sam? Sam!’ she turns to look at him, seeing the man’s eyes are closed and tries not to panic. ‘Dammit, don’t do this to me bird brain.’
,’ Lautenus spits at him, ‘not only does it secure my Council’s pleasure, but it will also serve to win over the hearts of my people: by defeating the criminal who tried to wipe our planet from existence.’ His hand gesture cuts off Loki’s protests. ‘Enough. I issue a challenge to you, Loki Laufeyson, to claim the throne of Jotunheim. You have no choice but to accept. The fight is to the death. If you do not accept,’ he gestures to the three Jotuns behind him, ‘I shall order the execution of your friends.’
‘Guys? I’ve found him,’ Scott’s voice comes over the comms. ‘He’s not good I’m going to need some help getting him out.’
August continues to talk as they walk along the tunnels, a couple of chambers branch off which Steve can see house more lighting than the string that hangs from the walls of the tunnels. About five minutes later they enter into a larger open area, this one is flooded with light.
He lets out a small moan of protest when the machines start beeping in warning and Steve pulls away. ‘You’re not supposed to be getting excited,’ he apologises, pressing a kiss to his forehead and pulling away a little.
‘I got your back, man,’ he sighs, ‘just…try and be at the party after alright? Is isn’t a party until Tony Stark arrives.’
‘And that,’ Tony says as they return to the common area, ‘concludes the tour of your new home, Sergeant Barnes.’
‘Hey now Sam, play fair,’ a voice says from behind them, and Steve walks in with Natasha. ‘I literally ran circles around you when I first met you and you still got on the team.’
. Weasel called me with a last minute assignment and by the time I had chance to call my phone was dead and I hadn’t packed my charger. I know: I’m a fucking moron. I’m sorry.’
‘We could always convert your old room into an art studio,’ he suggests as the soldier pushes the door closed behind him.
‘We’ll be back within the week,’ Steve promises him. ‘Think you can keep Sam out of trouble while we’re gone?’
‘A spot of friendly competition, my dear Fury,’ he grins, climbing to his feet. ‘Although dear Carol was not impressed with my catching her unawares by the mistletoe at the glasses rack.’
‘Can you blame me? When you pull away every time it starts getting a little bit heated?’ Peter challenges him, the doubts he’s been pressing down for months finally coming out of his mouth.
‘Can we go home now?’ Peter cuts across the argument. Wade’s hand lands on his shoulder and squeezes. He can’t find the energy to reach up and grab it.
Loneliness. A deep, aching, choking loneliness is all Bucky can feel right now, and it makes him want to cry. Or at least tear out his own heart.
‘Then why are your jeans ripped?’ he asks softly. ‘And why do you feel like you’re about to bounce off the walls?’
‘I think we should do this more often,’ she grins, counting the notes she’s won as Peter lines up for a break.
Peter frowns and turns on the stairs. ‘Why would how you look stop you from being my friend, Wade? And for the last time, it’s
‘I will think on your words, and I promise I will not cause any conscious distress if I can help it.’
‘Yeah until we change partners and you come along,’ Steve grouches, but follows him to the lines with no other protests.
‘Of course, Peter,’ his AI responds, and immediately there’s some pictures of the team floating in the air in front of them. Rosie stops her protests and starts cooing at and trying to grab some of the pictures.
Peter gives a little laugh then walks over to her, taking the mug of hot chocolate from her hand he gives her the angel. ‘It’s your turn this year.’
‘Tony are you sure you should be doing this?’ Clint asks him. ‘If this is how you feel before they’re all on you, it could…’
‘Call me Clint,’ he says, ‘now I’m going to get Bucky out here so you can finish off your mistletoe challenge, and
‘Yeah told you to go have a look. Might save you a phone call,’ Weasel chuckles, then breaks off when he catches sight of Wade’s face. ‘Uh Wade? Wade!’
‘What’s going on? What have you gotten yourself into this time?’ Peter leans against the opposite wall with his arms crossed.
‘There’s only three people still alive that have stuck by Tony through everything, Cap. That’s me, Happy and Pepper. Anyone else who stuck around through his temper tantrums and mood swings died a long time ago. Everyone else he trusted? They betrayed him or walked away from him.’
‘Stay safe,’ Wanda says as the call ends and their faces disappear. Tony wishes more than anything he could just leave the trial now, but he needs to be on the stand again tomorrow.
Now, a month later, he is standing on the tarmac waiting for the plane carrying Wanda Maximoff. He’d insisted she come next for Vision’s sake, and for the sake of his plan. It had taken a
‘Enough to kick your ass,’ Peter grins, slipping into a fighting stance that is so very Natasha-like that Bucky can’t help an answering grin.
So this chapter took a lot of research into what happened in the comics with the Commandos, but it was actually a lot of fun to do. In the comics Monty becomes Union Jack, and Peggy Carter and Gabe Jones have one of the first inter-racial relationships to be portrayed in comics; since I'm not having Steve go back in time to be with Peggy (spoiler! but I'm sure you guessed that anyway) I actually really liked the idea of having that relationship for her instead. I'd be interested to hear if you guys would like to see the conversation between Tony, Steve and Bucky about the Commandos, either as a special or in one of the main instalments.
Peter can’t help it. He starts sobbing, only dimly aware of Wade explaining about Beck. How he’d made it so they couldn’t tell the difference between reality and illusion.
‘Alright,’ he says, walking into the back of the jet, ‘we got about half an hour until I need to take us off autopilot. Now,’ he crosses his arms over his chest and gives Wade a hard look, ‘you going to tell us what’s really going on?’
‘I’m getting used to it,’ Strange rolls his eyes. ‘At least I know it’ll help if I’m in danger, the rest of the time it’s best to let it do what it wants.’
‘Yeah well as much as I love Capsicle, he isn’t exactly speaking from any kind of experience whatsoever.’ He notices the curious look Bucky tries to hide and sighs, rubbing the back of his neck. ‘How much do you know about how I became Iron Man?’
‘That’s right,’ Tony says, leaning his elbows on the table and resting his chin on his fingers. ‘Vision and Wanda are confident that with enough time the effects of Sergeant Barnes’ torture can be reversed. At least to the point where he can no longer be controlled. There’s obviously going to still be a hell of a lot of trauma he’s going to have to work through, I’m not sure you’d be able to find a shrink you could pay enough to sort that guy’s head out.’
‘No thank you, I shall do some research and see if I can book a table somewhere,’ Vision smiles at his gratefully. ‘You’re right it is time we spent some together on our own. Especially now we have time to relax with Thanos gone.’
‘It is remarkable how people change is it not?’ they slip into a silence that is surprising in how comfortable it is. ‘The care you two have for each other has not changed though,’ he adds.
Tony Stark is standing in his hospital room promising to fix him, when there’s another commotion in the corridor and the door to his room is flung open and a very irate doctor storms in.
Boothe goes to raise his hand but Wade shoves past him and grabs the cue off of Peter’s last opponent. ‘You can play me, Baby Boy.’
Natasha gives a small laugh. ‘Somehow I’m not even surprised.’ She turns to Strange. ‘How did it all go?’
‘But-’ Peter cuts off Deadpool’s argument by webbing him and dragging him away. ‘Sorry guys got to go! Have a look at the sneak peeks below for more an idea. I’ve got a hormonal teenager to deal with!’
‘I still love you,’ Steve whispers, ‘I didn’t leave you for him Tony, I always wanted to come back to you, I just didn’t know how.’
‘How about you all clean your own rooms?’ Tony suggests. ‘Or are you prepared for Wade potentially going through your unmentionables, Widow?’
‘Hmm,’ Dr Hill gives him an assessing look, ‘you’re off all school activities this afternoon. Rest up,
Bucky nods, leaning against the tunnel wall. ‘Apparently Tony’s comms aren’t working, and even FRIDAY can’t get through. I imagine she would have alerted Nat by now at the very least.’
Watson looks irritated. ‘Our orders were to deliver James Barnes to you, sir, and that has been accomplished with the help of the handcuffs.’
‘He set it up not long after we all left,’ Wanda’s voice comes from behind him. He turns to look at her, standing next to Vision.
going to trace it back to yours truly no matter how much chaos I caused before. They’re going to start looking at you guys being involved, and there goes our element of surprise.’
Peter easily overtakes him, for once not waiting for him to keep up with his enhanced speed, and disappears down the corridor. Tony nearly collides with Steve and Sam on the stairs as they all head towards the front door.
A shout goes up from the direction of the pool table and Wade looks over with a frown; sounds like the newcomer was making a name for themselves. He's certainly surprised to see one of the more lecherous members of Sister Margaret's pinned up against the wall, but can't see the person pinning them because of the crowd of chanting mercs.
They’re quiet until he closes the door with a soft click, then Tony offers him a hand. ‘Come on, Champ, let’s get you up.’
‘Like three hours, and I really don’t want Bucky to come in and find me like this because then I’m never going to hear the end of it, and if Tony finds out he might be mad that I’ve been working on the shooters when I didn’t run it by him first and-’
‘We aren’t,’ Bucky laughs. ‘Because otherwise I’m not sure even you could cover what Steve would lose.’
‘We will find them,’ Bucky joins them, the rest of the soldiers now having been dealt with, ‘I swear to you, T’Challa, we’ll find them and avenge Nakia. I’ll personally march the ones responsible into your throne room.’
‘Boss?’ FRIDAY comes through the comms unity. ‘Agent Romanov is asking if you and Captain Rogers are intending to steal all the glory or if you’re going to leave some aliens for the rest of the team to deal with?’
‘Thank you all for coming this evening,’ the announcer says, voice carrying through the speakers and around the room. Steve notices Peter on the other side of the crowd, pulling at the collar of his shirt and looking extremely uncomfortable. He would feel sorry for the kid if he wasn’t feeling exactly the same way. ‘As you know this bi-annual charity gala is funded by Stark Industries, as a way to say thank you to different groups of people around this country for the work they do for others. This year is no different. And as the theme this year is ‘Unsung Heroes’ we thought there was no better group to host this evening than the Avengers. Now I’d like to welcome to the stage Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes, known to all of us as ‘War Machine’, to say a few words on behalf of the Avengers.’
They trade blows for a couple of minutes until he finds his opening. There’s silence for a couple of moments after he manages to pin her to the floor.
Whatever Steve is about to say is cut off by the thundering sound of Thanos returning, along with the Titan’s roar.
There’s been enough snow overnight to warrant a snowball fight. At least as far as Peter is concerned there has been anyway. Laura decides to stay inside with the three kids and May, Mama and Rhodes stay in with them to watch some films and relax. The others all head outside.
Everything is going pretty well so far. Everyone’s making a fuss of the Barton children, and Clint’s finally meeting Peter properly.
‘Watch it Buck, or I’ll make sure you’re in the running as well,’ Steve growls, then promptly moves the conversation on to what else would be entailed in the charity gala.
‘Right, yeah,’ Bruce still looks thrown but shakes himself back into focus. ‘So Thanos turns up and demands the Tesseract; we didn’t realise Loki had taken it from the vaults.’
‘Well then track his phone. Maybe he went for a walk,’ Sam can hear a note of worry creeping into Tony’s voice.
of and not have such detailed knowledge of. Oh and you got to see some of the stuff on the actual magic side of things, it’s amazing its like- uh. Nat?’ He stops his flow as Natasha pulls him into a tight hug, his head held firmly against her stomach. ‘Nat? You alright?’
‘If I tell Mom you’re keeping me from making friends you’re going to be in trouble,’ Shuri sing-songs.
‘Alright,’ Tony huffs, ‘I admit I was enjoying the show. But I challenge anyone to watch you rip a log in half with your bare hands and
The king nods. ‘I could see that from the Accords. Steve told me you’d been the one to change them. He didn’t say you’d done it alone.’
‘It builds core strength,’ Natasha explains, ‘improves your balance and stamina as well; it’s perfect for Wanda as she doesn’t need to do the same kind of training we do. It was one of the first things they taught us when I started my training.’
‘Yeah,’ the archer responds, squinting out of the window, ‘yeah just saw something out the corner of my eye that’s all. Don’t worry it’s nothing.’
Natasha mulls over the other woman’s words as she makes her way to her own jet, looking behind her as she watches Tony lock up the house again. Something inside feels wrong to be leaving the house, despite all the dust clouds.
‘Well,’ he chuckles, taking a step back from the dark haired man, ‘in another world, Tony, if Steve had been slower I would have made you mine.’ Just as Tony’s brain processes what he’s said, Loki turns and walks back along the corridor. ‘Goodnight, Tony, and Merry Christmas.’
intern. It’s only a matter of time before he works out that Peter is Spider-Man.’ The man laughs at the brief flash of surprise that Tony can’t conceal. ‘Oh don’t be so shocked, Anthony. I watched the footage from your capture and saw young Peter’s face when my men took his mask off. I must admit I am
It’s pandemonium. As they land in the grounds they can see that whoever has attacked the prison has tried to blow a hole to get in, and it seems they’ve taken out a couple of cells. Tony can see some bodies in the rubble, and wonders how many inmates have been killed and how many are now running around the grounds.
Tony doesn’t say anything at first, waiting for the sink to be filled before turning off the tap and pushing up his sleeves. ‘I’ve also noticed the way he looks at you.’
‘Still sore that I made you miss?’ Wade jokes. ‘Come on Hawkeye, we all have performance issues sometimes.’ Tony tries to hold back his groan. Of course Wade had to choose that moment to open his mouth.
‘Hey now,’ Tony protests, ‘don’t go hating on my version of Cinderella, Morgan, it’s the story of how me and your Papa got together.’
‘Wait,’ Rhodes frowns. ‘Are you telling me that the ex-British secret service guy who was basically your dad’s right-hand man, hid the spare key behind a loose brick?’
them,’ Bucky says. ‘Just maybe maim them a little bit,’ he mutters just loud enough for Peter’s enhanced hearing to pick up.
Tony raises an eyebrow and nods, asking FRIDAY to save their work. ‘I’ll head on up. You need me to grab anyone else or are Steve and Nat on it?’
‘Wade needs to tell you,’ is the reply, and Peter sees a business card in the barman’s hand. ‘Now go and play some more pool before anyone else puts two and two together and comes up with Spider-Man.’
Steve smiles and nods. ‘Yeah, we’ll wait until the excitement of Wanda and Vision’s engagement has gone down a bit. I just…we nearly lost you, Tony, I couldn’t wait to ask you-’
‘So who are you?’ Peter looks down into the wide eyes of Lila and tries not to smile at her question.
‘He’s good,’ Wanda answers before Tony can do more than open his mouth. ‘He was caught up in that hostage situation not that long after I arrived,’ she explains, ‘when we were getting the hostages out of them one snuck up behind me and he took them out. Without him I’d be dead.’
‘I think we should give Fury a call and see what the plan is for tomorrow,’ Rhodes suggests. ‘If you guys are heading off we need to know when.’
‘FRIDAY patch him into comms,’ Tony says, getting to his feet and rugby tackling the alien, sending him flying backwards.
‘What happened?’ she turns to see Loki striding towards her, Jotun form slowly melting into his Asgardian one.
‘Not yet, the boss was going to contact them shortly to find out when they were planning to arrive.’
So basically Steve’s blue-All-American-puppy-dog-eyes have him standing here waiting for Strange and Wong to come through the portal they’d set up between the facility and the Sanctum back when they were still planning for Thanos’ arrival. He’s just about to try calling the wizards to find out where they are when Strange steps through into the facility, the Cloak flying out behind him and still freaking out and intriguing Tony in equal measure.
Hammer’s trial for kidnapping, torturing and attempting to murder Tony is due to start tomorrow; the whole team will be there for the first day, and then they will be heading over to the UN for the start of the debate to bring in the Wakandan Accords in place of the Sokovian ones. They know they’re taking a risk attacking HYDRA while Hammer’s trial is still ongoing, but they don’t have much of a choice after the mission Wade, Natasha and Bucky had come back from.
‘Uh…yeah but…well it might not work so well,’ he admits, wondering if they could actually pull it off considering he’s supposed to be holding back.
A/N: Hi everyone! So here's the second part of this week's December double update. I hope you enjoyed it! We've got a bit of Stony coming up, even if it does end with an argument. And a bit of the WinterIron I had requested when I first started posting this story.
Tony shakes his head as Steve continues to lead them around the cleared area. ‘They said they would be making their displeasure at his actions clear, but I doubt they’ll actually do much.’
‘Anytime the phrase “leave it to me” comes out of your mouth Wade, I get very scared,’ Sam frowns at him. The team have gathered in the common room while they wait for the Guardians to settle in, all of them now looking at their own sweaters, with Loki, Thor and Peter’s ones waiting for them to return to the facility before finding their owners.
he thinks, leaning heavily back against the railing. ‘I’m so screwed,’ he groans and runs his hands over his face.
She sits next to him with a smile. ‘When we first started doing ballet you said you’d always wanted to do dance classes but hadn’t been able to afford it, so I looked around for a good dance school that did a variety of styles. This was the best one I could find so I got you three months’ worth of lessons; you can go to up to three classes a week and you can go to any combination of styles you want until you’ve worked out what it is you want to focus on. Then after that we can look at sorting out a proper schedule for you.’
‘Then things got a bit more interesting with a drunk driver that the police were struggling to get under control. At least I think he was drunk, he was all over the road at any rate. If he wasn’t drunk he needs driving lessons. Managed to get people out the way, then helped stop him with a bit of webbing across a clear street. Think I’m just going to do another quick sweep and then head back ho-’
‘Oh come on you’re dying to introduce your secret boyfriend to someone,’ Wanda teases. ‘You seriously came here by yourself?’
‘Yeah? Well why don’t you ask him through that weird mental link thing you got going on if he can come down and use some of his magic to help us get this done quicker?’ Sam demands.
Steve pauses halfway down, Natasha is a few steps behind him and Sam is still at the top by the door. As he catches sight of the soldiers Steve frowns at him. ‘What’s going on, Tony?’ his voice is cold and dangerous.
Tony barely notices as the two of them leave, but thinks he manages a wave in their direction. He’s jolted back into the present as Sam comes to sit at the bench opposite him.
‘Oh shut up,’ Peter snaps, though it doesn’t sound like there’s much anger behind it. ‘You’re just as bad.’
‘Now that sounds like a challenge if ever I heard one,’ Bucky grins. ‘I say let’s do it. Prize for who catches everyone first?’
‘What course is that?’ Steve asks, and Peter shoots him a grateful smile, slyly taking his hand from the table and giving Wade’s knee a comforting squeeze.
‘Why don’t I take Loki?’ she suggests, taking Thor’s brother from him, ‘and you can see your friends and tend to our people.’
‘Perhaps a little more flour is in order,’ the trickster laughs, adding some more to the mixture in front of him.
now,’ the smarmy voice that Steve is starting to loathe with every fibre of his being says from behind them, as a row of soldiers block their exit.
Thor interrupts them by coming over. ‘Loki he is wonderful!’ he says, bending down to look at the puppy. ‘He reminds me of Fenrir.’
The Avengers go to Wakanda seeking help for Vision, before news of more of Thanos' forces arriving reaches them.
‘Thor stop trying to break Tony!’ Loki scolds, pulling his brother from the inventor. ‘Honestly! I would have thought you’d have learnt to control your strength with mortals by now.’
When there’s no more arguing from the others Tony feels himself relax slightly and removes his fist from the wall.
‘Sounds fair,’ Tony says. ‘But those of us with powers or enhanced abilities have to hold them back. For fairness’ sake obviously.’
‘Probably?’ Rhodes raises an eyebrow. ‘Tony the kid practically worships the ground you walk on, of course he’s going to be upset if he pisses you off.’
Three days later and Peter is stuck at home doing the work they’d been assigned from school while the builders paid for by Stark Industries repair the damage enough so they can return to class. He’d had to come away from the facility. He felt too guilty, and Tony’s missing presence was like a black hole. Not to mention he couldn’t do much to help with the team’s efforts to find him.
‘He is right though, Nat,’ Bucky says, turning serious again. ‘You look done in. Get some sleep, you’ve done everything you can now.’
‘Hey!’ Steve says. ‘Just because you can’t beat me doesn’t mean you can try and team up with the kid, Buck. You always told me to pick my fights better, why don’t you take some of your own advice huh?’
Tony looks away guiltily. ‘I’m sorry. I should have consulted you about them before taking them to the Council. I didn’t think it was a good time to bring them up. So soon after they were initially made I mean.’
to have Captain America as a new toy; and they’re still rather upset you’ve got dear Sergeant Barnes with you as well. They would like their prized possession back.’
‘I wouldn’t thank us just yet,’ Wade laughs, ‘we have been known to cause great structural damage to buildings.’
‘Of course, sir, you are generous to a fault with our allies,’ the assistant finishes writing. ‘Will that be all sir?’
‘Why not? You seem to be so worried about a bunch of school kids doing irreparable damage but it’s perfectly fine for you to hold back in training so then when we
‘Shit it’s the Winter Soldier!’ the boys scatter as Bucky reaches where Peter’s still on the floor, he looks about ready to chase after them.
‘Yeah, because he’s turning into more of a dad than I am,’ he laughs, ‘and I told Pete that. He only got angry because he was so scared Venom was going to come back for him. They’ll make up and be fine. Peter’s terrible at holding a grudge.’
‘I can’t believe it’s you!’ Peter whispers as Harry takes the seat next to him. ‘I thought your dad was still on the West Coast?’
A/N: Merry Christmas everyone! I hope you've all had a wonderful holiday and are now able to relax and recover from all the festivities.  I shall be updating as soon as I have two chapters to go up, and hoping to have this story finished by New Year. No promises though!
‘Just as long as there isn’t some crude interpretation of me on a cave wall then I’ll be happy,’ he grumbles. ‘You have no idea how much the Warriors Three loved that their interpretations were always much grander than mine. Although I’ll never forget when we learned about the story of Sif’s hair: that was rather amusing.’
They continue throughout the day. Peter has Karen monitor the police radios to see if anything useful comes through; there isn’t any leads on where Tony might be, but at least they can cross some areas off as they hear the police have searched them for other reasons.
Rhodes doesn’t even have chance to add his view before they’re firing another round. They make quick work of the following three and, while FRIDAY calculates their scores, the three of them sit down to clean their weapons together. This is something Rhodes misses the most from his time in the military; the steady movements of cleaning the weapons relaxes him more than any therapy ever has, and the three of them talk and joke in soft voices as they work.
‘Why do I feel like I’ve brought a child into this situation?’ he muses out loud. ‘Hey, man, let’s put that down yeah?’ He webs the third man’s hand to the table as he tries to pick up his friend’s discarded weapon, where it had fallen when Deadpool tackled him. ‘Someone might get hurt.’
‘I thought we weren’t supposed to see each other until the ceremony?’ Steve says, trying to catch his breath.
Bucky nods again, a small painful smile of complete understanding on his lips. As Tony starts to leave he hears the soldier say, ‘Tony? The person who makes the gun doesn’t kill the person either.’
Hope you enjoyed these two chapters. Let me know what you think about them, especially with regards Tony and his hydrophobia. I'm afraid the rest of the team are just starting to catch on to how broken he is, and now they're going to try and do a bit for him what he's been doing for them. Also the Stony action will start picking up soon I promise.
‘Wanda and Vision have gone to a restaurant,’ Rhodes says, ‘and you’re acting like they’ve gone to take on a supervillain. They’ve gone on a date, chill out.’
He tries to take in a breath, but it feels like there’s something pressing down on his lungs. It’s a horribly, hauntingly familiar feeling. Trying to move his arms he finds they’re tied to the bedrail, but he’s able to raise his head enough to look down at his chest.
‘I’m showing my appreciation to the chefs,’ he argues as they all start to make their way to the dining room.
‘Rhodey the first time this happened we ended up with Tony becoming Iron Man and he nearly died from palladium poisoning; after New York he built an army of robots and nearly had a mental breakdown, and that led to Ultron. After the Accords…look every time something like this happens to Tony and he’s left alone to work on his projects it ends up getting
They continue along the line, with Strange’s team consisting of Peter, Loki, Clint, Tony, Bucky, Rocket, Nebula, Bruce, Thor, Scott and Drax. Wanda’s team made up of Natasha, Wade, Valkyrie, Steve, Sam, Carol, Quill, Rhodes, Hope, Mantis and Groot.
‘Twelve days,’ Loki is the one to respond this time, ‘we would spend eleven of the days preparing for the celebration on the twelfth.’
‘You still set fire to the food occasionally,’ Vision says, ‘and it still takes you two hours to make an omelette.’
‘I know,’ she says, ‘but this was something I thought you’d want up here.’ They sit down on one of the sofas and she hands him a square box. ‘Tony showed me your room and there’s pictures of us, and of you and Ned in there, a couple of the team as well. And I know you didn’t want to bring yours up from home so I thought I’d give you one to keep up here. Peter? What’s wrong honey?’
‘No I was totally freaking out when I first met everyone. Like seriously these guys are awesome and they’re the
‘I’m certainly not going to be able to sleep again tonight,’ he admits, ‘and we’re less likely to be interrupted at,’ he glances at the clock, ‘half past two in the morning than we are during the day.’
‘So basically you were Peter’s knight in shining armour and he was an ungrateful little toe rag?’ MJ asks, grinning at Peter.
‘I don’t remember a lot of that,’ he tells Strange, ‘when Venom was in control I didn’t know what was happening.’
‘You do that,’ the second one says, then turns to look around the bar and Peter ducks back down the corridor, losing sight of the conversation. ‘Now I don’t suppose you get any youngsters in here do you?’
‘It’d be a bit wrong of us to give one murdering psycho a second chance and not another,’ Tony shrugs.
Vision had suggested cooking a traditional Sokovian dish to celebrate Wanda’s return and he and Rhodes had already prepared everything before they left for the airport. Tony still can’t pronounce the name of the dish, and if he’s honest there are far too many ingredients.
Please do let me know what you think of this chapter, and thank you to everyone who is reading my stories.
Putting down his knife he goes to check the contents of the pot. ‘That’s coming along nicely. Shouldn’t be too much longer now, remember it needs to come off of the heat once it’s clear.’
‘I swear everyone on this team is shit at relationships,’ Natasha rubs her forehead with her thumb and first two fingers.
Strange turns to look back at the glowing circle, another man is stood there, face unreadable. ‘In my defence I inherited the list from
‘We’re looking for someone name of Wade Wilson,’ one of the men says, Peter peeks around the corner and sees the man lean against the bar.
‘Tony they’re coming after you,’ Scott says. ‘I don’t know why they thought coming to me would help their case, but when I said I couldn’t get hold of you they… well they didn’t like the way I said it I guess.’
‘So, our first obstacle, as you can see, is our climbing wall,’ Steve directs them to the wall that stands around three times the height of the super soldier. ‘The aim of this is that you work together to get up to the top, rather than anyone trying to beat everyone else. You need to get someone to the top who is going to be physically strong enough to pull the others up after, but who isn’t going to be too heavy you’re going to struggle to help them up there.’
He’s not sure if he’s crossed a line until Quill nods. ‘Yeah,’ his voice is a little choked, ‘yeah actually I think I’d really like that. I just…I don’t
‘Both I think? They were just on about him being his son before. Long lost love child or something,’ Rhodes answers.
‘We’re whatever you want us to be,’ comes the soft reply, ‘but I’d love to be able to call you my fella. If you’ll let me?’
Tony looks round at everyone, then he laughs and puts his hands up. ‘Alright, alright. Let’s do it. Let’s go to the house and start our own DIY project. Someone going to tell Scott and Hope to head back there and open it up again?’
‘Think we can last that long?’ Rhodey asks, looking out towards the army. ‘They look ready to attack any moment.’
‘I don’t know,’ he admits, standing in front of the stairs and doing his best to block out Bucky’s moaning at Steve’s perfect timing of being an idiot. ‘But I have a feeling I can guess,’ he growls as Ross moves in front of the soldiers.
bad a driver,’ he says, narrowly missing a motorcyclist as he changes lane. He notices the wide eyes and bursts out laughing. ‘Ok so I’m not the most
‘I’m going to web your mouth shut if you don’t stop being an ass,’ he rolls his eyes. Then he turns to look at Tony. ‘Shall I show him to his room and then bring him up to the dining room?’
‘Don’t worry, Cap,’ he manages a smile, ‘we’ll save some power for the flight back,’ he says, tapping the reactor.
Peter leaves them to their bickering as he runs back to his locker and grabs his weekend bag along with a couple of extra bottles of web fluid, managing to find the perfect balance between normal and super-speed so it doesn’t take too long. He’s hoping he can convince Tony to let him experiment on his webs in the facility’s labs. Though considering what’s happened this week he’s not holding out much hope on that option.
A/N: Hi everyone! There's a slightly earlier update this week as EndGame is officially out in the UK! I'm sure anyone who has already seen it is going to need some emotional support, and those of us still to see it will need it in the future. There will be another update Friday/Saturday depending on when I get chance to update, so a double update spread out a bit more through the week.
Tony grins at the term, it’s only the second time Peter’s called him that and he absolutely loves it when he does. The first time he’d been half asleep, this second time he’s drunk, but one day he’s hoping he’ll hear it when Peter’s fully conscious. ‘Anytime. You think you’re alright to climb back into bed yet?’
‘There are guards posted all around the building, Miss Romanov,’ one of the lawyers assures her, ‘no one is allowed in unless they have a security pass and are part of the trial.’
‘Stane kept her away from you so she couldn’t protect you from him,’ Rhodes says. Tony just nods. ‘Tony, I’m so sorry.’
‘I wish I could create something to say I had finally finished making my way through the library at the Sanctum, but unfortunately that would be a lie.’
A/N: Hi everyone. I updated on Friday like I promised! So I know these chapters are a little slower, but next chapter will see the wrap up of Far From Home, and things will start to pick up.
Tony rests a hand on Steve’s arm to stop his angry response. ‘Tell us what’s going on, Fury,’ he says, ‘because you’re being bitchier than normal.’
A/N: Hi everyone! Sorry this is taking longer to write than I first thought. We might have it carrying over into the New Year but I'll get it done ASAP. Thank you so much for all the lovely comments so far, I hope you continue to enjoy!
‘We should look at the new agreement,’ Sam suggests, ‘take a day or two to look over them and come up with any questions, then we can decide if we’re going to go ahead. It’s not exactly going to be an easy road.’
‘No,’ Valkyrie agrees, ‘but she wouldn’t be happy you’d shut yourself from everyone else she loved just because she wasn’t there. I think she would have wanted her friends and her family to bond together and help and support each other.’
‘I see hope, Tony,’ Steve continues, ignoring Tony’s comment, ‘because as long as the light is glowing I know you’re still with us. You’re still breathing, still
Peter realises he’s shaking and his breath catches in his throat as he tries to swallow back the tears. Then there’s a pair of warm arms holding him and he’s holding on to the front of Tony’s shirt, desperately holding back tears as he tells him everything. The name calling, the constant harassment from Flash, the older boys he’s now got involved, all the way up to the incident that Bucky and Sam had seen earlier and his feelings about not being able to help his best friend.
‘Get a life, Flash,’ Peter grumbles, pushing Ned past the boys and heading down the street. ‘Come on, Ned.’
He opens his eyes, blinking against the harsh lights and looks around. Some kind of lab. Well at least he’s still alive.
Peter can see Harry trying to hide his grin by biting into his sandwich. Great, no help from him then. ‘I had to do repairs to the suit afterwards, but it’s always good watching any of the team train.’ He can see Flash’s face turning puce at the information. ‘Anyone know what’s on the agenda for this afternoon?’
‘Two minutes ago,’ her voice comes from behind him and he turns to give her a hug in greeting. ‘You miss me, Tony?’
‘Holographic-illusions?’ Rhodes looks to the screen. ‘So that giant ass monster we can see? That could be nothing more than an illusion.’
‘And a way to get to know this team better,’ Tony suggests. ‘So then if we have to fight together again in the future you’ll be more comfortable around us.’
‘We told him he could have this time to relax,’ Natasha says, voice hard. ‘He deserves it after everything he’s been through recently. You can’t run him into the ground.’
‘Well we might just have a look anyway,’ the second man says. Before Peter can try to get Wanda to move he hears the sound of guns cocking.
‘Well you can bet you aren’t getting distracted by anything here, including dinner, until you’ve done your homework. And just what kind of thing was getting you so distracted? Patrols?’
A knock at his door pulls him from his thoughts. ‘Come in,’ he calls, rolling onto his back so he can see the door without having to get up.
Peter takes it and lets the man pull him to his feet and sit him back on the couch. ‘Tony, I saw something in Venom’s memories that-’
A/N: Hi everyone. Hope you've all had a good week and you enjoyed this chapter, including Steve realising exactly who he'd been speaking to. Poor Steve haha.
‘Hey me and the kid are going to be the dream team when it comes to taking you down, Rogers,’ Bucky laughs, holding his hand out. ‘Bucky Barnes.’
‘Well yeah,’ he shrugs, walking towards the corridor. ‘But that’s what spider-senses are for. I’ve dodged or caught all of it.’
‘I’d appreciate it. Something doesn’t feel right about this particular issue,’ Matt gestures to Loki with his head. ‘Do you think your friend will help?’
He catches Wade first, as the mercenary is sneaking off to finish knitting the last of the Christmas sweaters, which Loki certainly hasn’t worked out and is keeping the knowledge to himself after a bribe from Peter at all.
Natasha cuts across his aunt. ‘Who have you been speaking to?’ Peter looks down at her question. ‘Deadpool?’
Wanda pauses as she looks in the fridge, and Tony can’t quite place the battle that’s going on across her face. ‘A proper Christmas?’ she asks softly.
‘Right rules,’ Steve’s voice carries around the assembled group of superheroes as they prepare to start the game of Capture the Flag, ‘we’ll select two team captains who will then take turns to choose the rest of their teams. Generally speaking you can use your powers, however: Strange, no creating portals unless it’s within your line of sight.’
Thankfully no one tries to kill each other for the rest of the discussion; personally Tony thinks it’s a combination of Fury’s and Steve’s infamous stares, and a couple of Natasha’s pointed looks towards Peter that kept everyone in line. He’s actually proud of the kid for having made people wary of him after taking out Clint.
‘And there’s two more: Peter’s and…one for Wade? How do they even know Deadpool is part of the team?’
‘Ah ha! FRIDAY came good and delivered supplies,’ he points out the boxes stacked next to the side door. ‘Had her get a food order delivered to the facility, then had drones bring it here. Now…let’s see if I can remember which brick Jarvis used…’
‘From little old me?’ Is all the warning Peter gets before Wade launches himself into an attack, taking out the training sticks he uses in place of swords. He’s still able to easily dodge and twist around to aim a kick at the back of Wade’s knees; which the merc just manages to avoid before spinning to face him again.
‘Oh come on, Pool,’ he says, ‘of course I’m going to be worried about you getting hurt! I know you can regenerate, and I know you come back from basically everything. But that’s not the point. I don’t want you getting hurt because of me.’ Deadpool doesn’t say anything, but puts a comforting arm around his waist and pulls him against his side. ‘Not everyone in my life has the same kind of abilities I do,’ he continues, voice still soft. ‘It’s so easy for them to get hurt, for something bad to happen. The Avengers have each other and all their tech and everything; I’m worried about them but I know they have each other. But they’re also so far away. Sometimes it feels like you’re the only one that’s at my back when I’m here, like you’re the only one who can keep up with me. You accept everything without even knowing everything about me. I don’t want to lose you.’
Peter grins. ‘I want to try out some of my training on Sergeant Barnes.’ Out of the corner of his eye he sees Natasha turn to hide a smile.
Peter and Ned look up from the floor of Peter’s living room where they’re busy building a couple of tie fighters to go with the Lego Death Star they’d finished months ago. On the TV Tony looks calm as always.
‘Oh is that all?’ she laughs. ‘Well how about you just give us a minute and we’ll get the other flag out here?’ She gives Tony a pointed look over Hulk’s shoulder which, thankfully, he seems to understand and talks into the comms.
‘Getting us all back, dealing with the Council, making sure there’s everything we need at the facility, protecting us from Ross, upgrading weapons and armour, and now this new found PR war he’s decided to declare. I could go on but I think you get my drift,’ Bucky presses the button to call the elevator and Steve leans up against the side.
With a sigh, and knowing he won’t get any peace until he does, Peter tells the girl everything; starting with when he first met Deadpool on patrol, all the way up to meeting him for tacos to get information on HYDRA.
‘Pete,’ he sighs and then reaches up to brush a strand of hair off his forehead, ‘you’re the closest thing I’m ever going to get to a son. Ever since what happened with the Vulture… I’ve been trying not to baby you and let you prove to yourself, and everyone else, just how much you’re capable of. But after seeing that building site he dropped on you-’ he stops and clears his throat before continuing, ‘it takes everything in me not to keep you locked up somewhere safe. Honestly? A mercenary for a boyfriend is not helping that urge.’
There’s a brief silence where you could have cut the atmosphere with a knife. Then all of the adults start asking questions at once.
Bucky sighs and, after a moment’s hesitation, gets himself set up in the machine. He casts one last look in Tony’s direction then, taking a deep breath, starts the memory.
‘No it would not,’ the man is firm, ‘you will find reasons to use your magic and not to recover. You will be better to go to the facility where our friends can look after you. I’ll be back in an hour.’
‘Sam apparently doesn’t trust me not to cheat,’ Bucky shrugs, ‘Rhodey said he’s already lost more than enough money at poker-’
Mama had returned home yesterday, much to everyone’s disappointment, and May had been called in to work some extra shifts so had driven back to New York on the same day, leaving Peter in the care of the Avengers. Laura had taken the kids on to her parents’ house the day after Boxing Day, leaving Clint, who apparently had little say in the matter, to catch up with the rest of the team. Tony had organised for a car to take them, rather than taking them in the jet for comfort’s sake.
‘When is he due back from his assignment?’ Bruce asks, already nervous of the man’s return. If anyone was going to make Hulk come out it would be the borderline-insane mercenary.
Steve confronts his greatest enemy: dancing. Peter runs into an acquaintance and gets a little more than he bargained for.
‘Gun and shooter remember, Elsa,’ Tony replies, trying to think too much about what he’s about to watch. ‘Now let’s get on with it.’
‘Don’t know. No attackers since the bomb. Stay down,’ his sentences are short as he takes in their surroundings. A handgun already out. ‘You got any-’
‘I can’t make it any bigger, Rhodey,’ he calls back, ‘or it’ll become unstable. What if I send the suit through?’
‘Oh boy,’ Peter says with a grin as one of the men turns and gets the handle of a katana to the forehead, dropping like a sack of bricks.
As he takes his seat in his next lesson, shaking his head at Ned’s curious look, a new wave of dread catches him and he holds in a groan and resists the urge to smack his head on the desk.
‘Right, right, sorry. Now I see why Peter loves his suit so much. This must have been like all his dreams come true at once.’ He focusses back on the task at hand. ‘Right, Hulk buddy can you hear me?’
‘Wait, like outside of patrol?’ Peter knows his voice sounds a bit squeaky. ‘Like… what like a date?’
‘Thanos was able to best him in combat,’ Thor explains, ‘and I believe it has rattled Hulk.’ That statement is met with quiet dread. If Hulk isn’t playing ball they’re down their biggest metaphorical gun.
‘Fair point. Ok we’ll organise for me to come visit one day at the weekend and you can take me then. No arguments.’
Tony gets there first, unleashing what looks like the majority of his arsenal at the alien, before being flung to the side, leaving an opening for Steve to ram his shield up into Thanos’ chin with all of his strength. He ducks under a swing from the alien’s sword and Thor jumps in, new axe fully charged and sending all of them flying backwards from the force of it.
‘Karen can you send that to Mr Stark please?’ Peter asks the AI, he gets an affirmative in response.
‘Because Thanos was the one behind the attack on New York when we first formed? I’d say good but technically it’s our second war, the first one is against HYDRA.’
‘Keep me updated and let me know if there’s anything you need,’ he reminds the super-spy. ‘I’ve already told the two lawyers at SI on the case to expect a call from you so there shouldn’t be any issues there.’
‘I blow the kid apart, taking you down with him. I’m not so sure your fancy suit could withstand a point blank bomb blast like that.’
‘If you’re about to ask why I would care about you getting shoved to the floor I’m going to question Tony’s assessment of your intellect,’ Bucky warns.
‘God your hands are miracles,’ he moans as Steve presses a kiss to his shoulder and lays down next to him with a chuckle.
Why is it every time he wakes up at the moment there’s stupid amounts of pain? Tony’s beginning to wonder just how many deities he’s managed to piss off in his lifetime.
‘Friends, we should pause for sustenance so that we are better able to assess the information in front of us,’ Thor protests, his voice not quite as boisterous as usual.
The merc looks down at his feet, raising his hands in a placating gesture. ‘I didn’t know that. I panicked alright, and I did what I thought was best. I did what I had to save you.’
‘None of you,’ he says, terror sitting in his stomach, ‘are coming to my school dance. It’s going to be bad enough without the possibility of eternal humiliation being on the cards. And will you stop calling me
Mama’s smile becomes a little sad. ‘We’re doing alright up here, she’s just having a ret now. When you get to be as old as we are you need a few more sit downs than you did before.’
‘I’m pretty sure I should be worried that you’re finding my pain so entertaining,’ Steve grumbles as Tony sniggers again when he winces trying to take his jumper off.
‘Well we’re the right place to come for mercs,’ the man replies, looking around uncomfortably, ‘but I’m still not sure this is the place you want to be, kid.’
Tony is worried as Wanda looks around, her eyes a little vacant as though she’s walking through a dream. ‘Why don’t we wait until we see the others to start on the questions?’ he suggests. ‘Did you want to shower and get changed?’ he asks Wanda.
‘Hey I asked you to listen didn’t I? Just let me finish. Please?’ when there is no move made to argue he takes a deep breath and carries on. ‘I also want to say sorry, Tony. Starting with how I didn’t give you the opportunity to prove what you’re really worth when we first met and for being a jackass to you. I guess I was just lashing out because everything was so new and you reminded me in so many ways of Howard and yet you’re so different from him. It was like everything I was feeling about being in this time was wrapped up in you and I took it out on you.’
‘Good idea,’ Natasha nods, then proceeds to explain everything that has happened since Bruce and Thor left them; she covers the Accords and then the team getting back together, introducing Peter and explaining about Scott.
Tony grins at the raccoon. ‘Never underestimate our ability to find space, Rocket. Next important question: do we trust Bucky to go Christmas tree shopping this year?’
‘Wait!’ Tony says, resisting the urge to raise his hands to emphasise his point, knowing it would probably be taken as a threat.
‘That depends on how much of a punk you insist on being,’ Bucky replies, crossing his arms over his chest.
‘I didn’t do right by you then,’ Steve sighs, ‘I’m fixing that this time around. No more hiding what we feel, we do it all out in the open for everyone to see.’
‘Questions for another time perhaps?’ Loki suggests. ‘Shouldn’t we focus on making sure the Hulk does not cause any damage? And making sure the children are safe?’
‘You don’t let Sergeant Barnes near my school for a month or so, I think he was going to kill high schoolers.’
man,’ Rhodes laughs. ‘British, all prim and proper, and then I see him once put a guy through the pavement for insulting Tony when we were like, ten.’
‘Hey,’ he squeezes Wanda’s hand again, ‘it’s alright. Even if they do have another magic user, it just means we’ve got to be smarter than them rather than stronger than them.’
‘Then you have two of the most powerful Avengers in the room to subdue him before he takes two steps,’ he retorts.
The back doors are thrown open and Tony just has time to realise the guy is holding a rocket launcher before he’s spiralling out of the way and desperately hoping Clint wasn’t directly behind him. He breathes a sigh of relief when he sees the other man jumping down behind a low wall for some cover before the rocket lands in the café and explodes.
'That sounds like a challenge to me,' Bucky enters their conversation, putting an arm around Peter's shoulders. 'What do you guys think?'
He squeezes his eyes shut against the traitorous wetness that springs up at those words. Nodding, rather than confirming it aloud, he merely says, ‘I want my family home.’
‘Appearances can be deceiving,’ he reminds his guest. ‘But even if he is not Spider-Man he knows who he is, and can be used as leverage against Stark. And this member apparently has an ace up his sleeve in order to get information from the boy.’
Tony waves the point off. ‘I can think of some much more entertaining things I could be doing than work, Steve. Care to hear some of them?’
As always do let me know if there's anything you'd like to see from these characters in the future. I hope you all continue to enjoy this story, I am still looking for ideas for specials so please let me know if there's any you'd like to see.
‘For warming me up from the ice,’ Steve responds, opening his eyes so all Tony can see is bright blue.
I may take a quick break after the next instalment to do one or two short stories away from the series just while I try and firm up what direction the series is going in, so if you have any requests for any different pairings or scenarios do let me know.
‘I asked if you were free tomorrow,’ MJ repeats, ignoring Flash’s comment. ‘For the team building we’ve just been talking about.’
‘Uh… yeah that was the other day. It was a bit, um, interesting at one point but it was fine in the end.’ Peter tries to sound casual. ‘I nearly had to ask Karen to contact Mr Stark but it was alright.’
‘Allow us,’ the Chinese representative adds, ‘to most sincerely apologise for the events of your return yesterday, Captain Rogers. We were most displeased to learn of the Secretary’s actions and can promise you that nothing like this will happen again.’
‘Baby Boy you kiss me like that again before you’re eighteen and I am going to do things to you that will
‘Yeah, just tired,’ he mumbles, leaning into his boyfriend and fighting back tears. ‘I just want to sleep and forget about all of this.’
Steve nods. ‘Went back to France, settled down and got married. Though there were quite a few complaints from neighbours about explosions from his farm land.’
‘No, because I think there’s something straining at his and Wade’s relationship and he won’t talk to anyone about it. I’m worried it’s going to break them up; and I think I know what it might be and therefore why he doesn’t want to talk about it with anyone.’
I've had a few requests for a WinterIron story so I'm having a few thoughts about how to do that. It would be separate from this series, but I've got the start of an AU idea in my head that I might make into WinterIron. For now I'm working on the next special which is set after this story finishes, and will then go on to the sequel for this one.
‘Bucky got rather impatient and decided to drag Loki away from the competition,’ Bruce’s face is decidedly uncomfortable, ‘I’ll spare you his turn of phrase.’
point, let alone the next turn,’ Sam asks, sounding more like he’s been sitting through one of Tony and Bruce’s ‘science-bro’ conversations, as the team has named them, rather than a dance lesson.
Peter all but jumps through the door. Natasha’s at the controls and Sam is checking his jet pack at one of the seats. ‘Wow, hi guys. What’s the mission?’
don’t drink this early in the morning,’ Tony grumbles. ‘Alright guys come on! We’ve got decorations to make!’
‘Oh no, don’t start apologising for Tony,’ Stephen laughs, ‘you’ll be doing it for eternity if you start.’
‘You didn’t have that in the report you sent to Fury. I would have thought phobias brought on by torture were a big no-no when it comes to members of superhero squads.’
It’s only when a pair of men approach the bar and start speaking to Weasel that the normally rowdy group starts quietening and watching the newcomers warily. ‘Give me the cue,’ Buck mumbles in his ear, ‘and head out the back. Go on we’ll make sure they don’t see you.’
‘You want to tell us where the damn things are? I don’t think they’ve had anyone in to clean the place in years, they’ve got to be hiding under a mountain of shit,’ Bucky responds.
‘Are either of you actually old enough to be in here?’ Weasel huffs. ‘Actually you know what? I don’t want to know. Neither of you are drinking.’
‘We need to end this soon before Thanos arrives,’ Bucky says, wiping his forehead with the back of his hand. ‘Or shit’s about to go sideways.’
Rhodes and Sam he catches by the breakfast bar, where no one had realised one sprig had been hidden amongst the glasses rack above them.
‘Alright well how about we have a couple of goes where I lead you so you get the idea, then we’ll see how you do leading on a dancefloor rather than a battlefield.’
‘No. Get those shoes out of my lab!’ Steve chuckles at the female voice that drifts up to them as he, T’Challa and Fury enter Shuri’s lab.
‘Well we have been looking at the taller ones,’ Steve points out, ‘let’s head towards some of the smaller ones and see what they have down there.’
‘Let us know if you need help, Doc, this team always has each other’s backs,’ he claps the man on the shoulder as he turns to say goodbye.
I hope you're still enjoying this story. Thank you so much to everyone who has reviewed, and to the people who have asked for a Christmas story. It will definitely be coming your way, keep an eye out Christmas Eve! The next questions with it will be: do you mind if there's a slight divergence from this story in that it will be established Stony? And do you want Deadpool to join in the Avengers' festivities?
Deadpool shrugs and looks away. ‘Look I’m a merc because I’m good at it and the pay’s fucking awesome. I don’t get a lot of chances to do the good thing.’
‘And I reset it for you,’ she rolls her eyes as she sits next to Sam, ‘stop being such a baby, you’ll be fine by the time you go to bed.’
Bucky shoots him a look. ‘Well at least I know who you get your inappropriate humour from,’ he mutters, then steps closer to the graves.
‘Why don’t you tell me what’s on your mind and then we can both get some sleep?’ Wade suggests, one hand going to Peter’s hair and massaging his scalp, helping to move his muscles from forcibly to actually relaxed.
‘Don’t even think about suggesting to get your friends to throw their money around at me, Sam Wilson. I’m not taking charity, you hear? There’s more going on than just the money, Sam, and it’s not going to be fixed just by throwing a load at our problems. Aren’t you always complaining that’s what Stark does anyway?’
The man scoffs and turns to a burly, bearded man who has just come up to the bar. ‘Buck? Do me a favour and take the kid outside before he gets hurt.’
‘No I volunteered,’ she winks at them and then heads back over to where Thor is sorting through the presents.
‘Not really that different are you? If he deserves happiness, why don’t you?’ Sam lets go of Bucky’s collar and returns to his work, leaving the man to his thoughts.
Hurrying to the door she pauses, checking the corridor again, before easing it open enough to get a look inside. Only three workers. Good. She twists the function on her glove, then sends one of the new nanobots Tony had installed into it before they left to the ground, using the control pad on the palm of her glove to navigate it through the crack in the door and under the chairs of the three workers. Once it’s in place she presses the activation sequence and the nanobot releases its stun gas.
A beanie is pulled down over their hair and a pair of sunglasses covering their eyes, but Tony knows they’ve seen him. A small head gesture towards the park behind them and they start walking. Without a second thought Tony follows.
‘Right. Sorry. Lead the way, Vis,’ she says, hurrying after the humanoid and felling another guard with a well-aimed shot.
Peter sighs and climbs to his feet, going to say goodbye to everyone in the team, and receive even more advice from everyone before he leaves.
Deadpool nods. ‘And with what you did with keeping the Avengers off my back. I’m not used to people believing in me. Especially not when it comes to hero-doing, no-killing stuff.’
‘What the hell happened to you?’ Tony asks when they finally get out of the elevator, Peter still chattering away like a noisy satellite.
‘I’m happy being the taster thank you,’ he replies and sits on a bench at the counter next to Bucky. ‘Are you not helping?’
‘Hold up,’ Tony puts his cutlery down on his plate and puts his hands up in front of him. ‘Did you just say
‘He tried to take over the world, most of the world’s population is still on the fence or hating him. And you
‘You really are a jerk, Buck,’ Steve complains from his seat next to Tony. ‘I’ve not even got back to the facility and you’re making my life difficult.’
to be part of this team, and not just because of Peter. The fact that he actually came and spoke to me about it, asked for a team member to go with him? Considering he obviously wasn’t too happy with sharing details I’d say he’s has to take just as big a leap at trusting us in this as we are with him.’
Natasha can’t help but marvel at the strength the teenager possesses, and for once she’s not thinking about his physical strength.
‘I really hope you aren’t expecting me to do that,’ Bruce says, looking a little uneasy as he watches the teenager.
A strangled cry makes him look to the side, where T’Challa is cradling Nakia. Heart heavy, Steve walks over to them. ‘T’Challa…’
‘I think I’ll cope without having to spend time with arrogant assholes who can’t get their tech right.’
Tony sends a quick text to May to let her know that Peter was on the roof and they were talking him back down into his room. ‘What’s this you were saying about Wade, Pete?’
‘What the hell was that?’ Natasha demands, sitting up from where she’s landed not that far from Scott.
A/N: First of all a huge thank you to my two reviewers on the last chapter JustAnotherLonelyFangirl and BB4ever!! I love getting reviews, they really make my day. And due to a request from BB4ever there will be a WinterIron scene a little later in the story. But don't worry I'm staying primarily Stony!
‘Careful you great oaf! I can’t seem to get the glamour back on so you’ll have to avoid touching me or you’ll get a nasty case of frostbite.’
Steve walks in to the common area and immediately regrets the decision as a cackling Peter dodges around him, just out of Bucky’s grasp; then proceeds to disappear.
The others had engaged the army, while he, Steve and Thor had faced Thanos, hoping to get the gauntlet from him. It hadn’t gone so well. Hence why he and Steve are now in the middle of fighting the army with the others.
‘Fine by me,’ Peter shrugs, ‘but I’m handing over.’ He grins and passes the cue to Wanda, setting up the balls for their game.
‘Hey it’s Stark Industries that pays for all your needs at the facility I’ll have you know. Which means
He’s still worried about how easy it is for him to lead the genius around, but decides to face one problem at a time and, as the tub fills with water, he gently helps him undress, though he pauses before helping him take off his underwear.
‘I’ll warn you, Steve,’ Pepper sighs as he walks towards Tony’s office, ‘he’s in a particularly difficult mood today.’
Tony just closes his eyes and let’s himself relax against the super soldier. ‘Don’t leave me,’ he whispers.
‘Wanda,’ Strange greets her with a warm smile, ‘you looked like you could do with a refill.’ He hands her a steaming mug of cocoa.
‘Pete let her breathe!’ he pants as they come to a stop at the bottom of the stairs. Steve barely lets Peter step away before he’s bringing Wanda into his own hug. Wanda, Tony notices, is looking a little lost with all of the attention. ‘Let’s get you upstairs,’ he steps forwards, putting an arm around her shoulders and leading her along, ‘and we’ll get you something to eat and drink. God it’s good to see you, Wanda.’
‘Really? What gave you that idea?’ Tony rolls his eyes. ‘I’m not sure if he’s trying to wind up Bucky more just for the hell of it, or whether it’s just an added bonus to the people he’s naturally drawn to.’
She hits him on the shoulder with the stack of paperwork she’s brought with her. ‘Anthony Edward Stark don’t you
A woman, at least Tony thinks it’s a woman, flies down glowing with some kind of weird light and takes the gauntlet from Sam, flying through the Chitauri gliders as if they were nothing but paper screens, and lands in front of Wanda. When the light fades her blonde hair falls down around her shoulders and she holds out the gauntlet. ‘Looking for this?’
Shuri cackles before going over to join Bruce in talking about the work the team is starting in joining up their scientific and technological advances with other countries and teams around the world. Meanwhile, Peter turns his attention to what Shuri has left him with and tries to contain his excitement when he sees she’s looking at improving her long-range communications devices to work across space.
Despite the news from the UN it’s a very subdued group that fill the quinjet on the return to the States. They’d left just after the Wakandan ship carrying Nakia’s body, the day after the Wakandan Accords had finally been agreed and signed.
‘Even though it was basically a breeding ground for dust clouds,’ Sam adds, ‘it did feel more like it was ours than the facility did. The facility always feels like we’re about to move on to something. The house felt…’
‘Why wouldn’t I wait to get training from Natasha on how to kick your ass?’ Peter says, then after a look from May goes to unweb the man from the floor.
He rolls over, eyes adjusting to the dim light and he’s finally able to see her. They’re each in a cell, with a row of old-fashioned iron bars forming the wall between each of them; Wanda’s leaning against the bars that separate them, her hair is falling lank around her face and there are dark circles under her eyes. Apart from looking tired she seems to be unharmed. ‘Hey, you know me, takes more than some knockout gas to keep me quiet for long.’
‘Why the sudden need to have the mercenary close?’ Tony demands. ‘Just how close are you two exactly?’
To say that Natasha and Wanda had not been impressed to get a phone call from Bucky to add to their list of decorations was an understatement. They’d ended up going to pick up Peter from school and then dragged him around the shops for the last minute purchases.
A/N: Hi everyone! Welcome to your Christmas present my wonderful readers: an extra double update! I shall post the second in a moment :)
‘Boss?’ FRIDAY’s voice rings out. ‘There’s something entered the atmosphere over Wakanda. Seems to be several craft and heading in this direction.’
Bucky sighs, facing away from Steve. ‘Tony found me one night a couple of weeks in trying to decide between a whiskey tumbler and a gun.’ Then he gives him a brief recount of the conversation they’d had about blame.
‘We need to find a way to get the team’s profile up with the public. We need to get them seen and appreciated as individuals rather than just as part of the team. Kind of like Cap is.’
‘I think whoever you got to look over them has done a pretty good job, Tony. But you have to get Secretary Ross to agree to them, not to mention a committee-’
‘No man, my dance routines are limited to the robot from now on,’ Rhodes laughs, putting his phone away.
Tony at least has the decency to look sheepish. ‘Yeah, he and Rhodes may have been there when I listened to one of your reports. Sorry, kid.’
your big announcement?’ Rhodes asks. ‘Jesus Tony I thought you were going to tell us you’d finally signed the paperwork to be his legal guardian or something.’
‘Why is every time you ask for help, Red, my Baby Boy ends up in trouble?’ Wade demands, looking up at the vigilante.
Tony’s watching her carefully, she can see him out of the corner of her eye, but she doesn’t turn to look at him. ‘And what did you tell him?’
‘Look at this!’ Shuri shouts in exciting, grabbing the back of Tony’s chair and dragging it over to see her screen.
‘Will you be staying for New Year?’ the dark haired man ignores his question. ‘I know Peter and May are, I think Mama will head back before though. The party can get a bit rowdy for her.’
‘Then you heard “Bucky” and everything went to hell,’ Tony’s voice was raw, but there was no accusation in his tone, no bitterness.
Steve smiles and shakes his head. ‘Didn’t want to lose you as my right hand man, Buck,’ he replies. ‘Anyway if something had gone south on a mission and I went down or got separated from the group you were the only one who’d be able to get them back to base.’
‘No I’m not,’ he agrees with a laugh. ‘But anyway this isn’t a call about your love life. There’s been a lot of weapons being moved around the city.’
Peter looks like he’d rather the ground swallowed him, but he takes a deep breath and walks up to the microphone; his eyes skim the crowd and Steve sees the moment he catches sight of Tony sat next to May. The boy’s eyes widen a little and then there’s a small smile on his face, followed by an easing of his shoulders.
‘Francis figured something out about you, didn’t he Wade?’ Bucky asks, tone quiet and what Peter could only call encouraging. ‘Right at the end in the warehouse when you were fighting.’
‘Shouldn’t have trusted me with getting the drinks then,’ Tony shrugs with an unapologetic grin. ‘But I must admit I’m still impressed you beat both Bucky
When Clint and Natasha re-enter Clint is looking much calmer, but he’s still challenging Bucky for top place in the glaring competition; Loki, Tony notices, just takes it in his stride, almost accepting it. Clint does get fired up again when he realises exactly who Wade is. ‘Oh no hang on, first Loki and now
‘Go,’ Tony tells Steve, letting him, Bucky and Natasha run ahead to meet their friends. He arrives a couple of minutes after them with Peter, Wanda and Vision in tow. ‘What happened?’ Then he catches sight of the person between Thor and Bruce. ‘Someone want to explain what happened to Loki?’
‘Why is everyone raining on my parade today? First these guys are purposefully wasting my energy, then Steve blew my cover, and now Vision’s calling me dramatic.’
‘I promised you I’d bring them home, Vision,’ Tony says, finally looking the humanoid in the eye, ‘I’m not going to back out now.’ Before his courage fails him, or before he decides he really
‘Good man!’ Tony winks at him, then laughs at Steve’s expression. ‘Oh come on, Cap. You’re the one that’s telling us we need to improve our teamwork, just look at this as an example of that teamwork coming into play.’
