The car pulled up in the circle drive in front of the palace about ten minutes later, and both of them climbed in the back. Castiel directed the driver - a sassy, no nonsense woman named Lily, who had been working for Castiel’s family for close to fifteen years - to take them downtown to Main Street.
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Cas slowly crawl over to where Brandie is crouching in a corner underneath a table of succulents, and puts his hand on her shoulder, whispering in her ear. Brandie nods, and quietly makes her way to the door, which she closes and locks, flipping the sign to
“But I don't hate what we've started here, Cas. I don't hate the idea of an
“Hush.” Castiel said softly. “This isn’t your fault. It’s mine. I should have made you leave the moment I saw you in that ballroom. I never should have indulged you in a dance, no matter how badly I wanted it.”
, a prince who has to get
“What do we do, then?” Castiel asks Dean.
“Could be. I'll keep digging.” He promises.
Castiel nods. He’d done so almost immediately upon finding out that he had been hit with the curse after their experiment in the privacy of his bedroom, but he’d found nothing. He’d checked the iris over thrice, just to be thorough, and had come up with absolutely zilch.
“I love you.” He whispers again, and he laughs shakily. He opens his eyes to find Cas’s mere inches from his, and he can't seem to stop the tremble in his limbs as he comes down from his high, finding his ground in those eyes. “I love you.”
BALT: You’re telling me that you went through all that trouble to sneak out to NOT get laid?!?! Cassie, I thought I taught you better.
“Dean, I assure you, I will be fine.” Castiel tries to smile at him. “I have been through much worse than this.”
Something in his facial expression must have given away his brief lack of cognitive computation, because Cas quickly amended, “Of course, it doesn’t have to be. It’s just that I would like to get know you better, if that’s alright with you. You seem like a very interesting person. I’ve been meaning to come back to the Roadhouse, but with all the publicity meetings and other obligations, I haven’t gotten the chance.”
BALTHAZAR: I’m serious, tho. Go find yourself a bar for a few hours. Find yourself a stripper named Candy or Chastity or Charity or something else starting with C and get a lap dance. Blow off some steam. Nobody has to know.
“Like that?” He asks before he repeats the action.
Dean smiled, and nodded. He grabbed his keys from the little bowl by the door as Castiel shrugged back into his jacket. They both hurried back to the Impala, and ducked inside.
Natalia is standing at the little desk, her hands flat on the surface as she leans forward. Brandie is leaning back, her eyes wide and face pinched with fear.
Beloved Mother, Grandmother, Sister, and Friend
for the first time since he’d step foot on Caelumean soil.
Kissing whilst wearing masks was a bit of a challenge, but Castiel soon found the correct angle, their respective feathers commingling. This was far from the first time he’d kissed Dean, and Dean had kissed him, but somehow this seemed different, and a thrill of excitement went through him as his bandit kissed back with fervor. It almost felt taboo, kissing in front of all these people, where no one knew who Dean was but him. It was invigorating.
“Might as well take me, too.” Kevin stepped forward.
Satisfied that Sam was safe, Castiel let out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding since he’d seen his friend in the garden, and dropped onto a carved bench in an alcove. He buried his face in his hands and rubbed his stinging, sore eyes, clearing them of the crust of dried tears.
Dean, for once, doesn't complain as he complies with his brother’s request, and grabs several of the plastic and reusable bags Cas and Sam are so fond of. He hands the one holding the three pies he'd bought at the market to Cas, who gingerly accepts it as though it were a priceless artifact. Cas’s reverence for everything is just one of the things Dean loves about him.
“I like you, Dean.” Castiel admitted. “There's something about you that I just can’t help but feel attracted to. I’d like to get to know you better.” He smiled. “Be that in a completely platonic way or not.”
“Love you too.” He says back softly. He kisses him again. “Now, c’mon, get some pants on, and get a move on. If you hurry, we can take a shower and I'll wash your hair again.”
“Clean this up and have whatever weevils it is you call your kitchen staff make me another,
Castiel took the proffered arm. “If you insist, Sir Winchester.”
Sure enough, the hostess gives the iris a raised eyebrow as they wheel it behind them to their booth.
Castiel stepped aside to allow his mother entry.
It’s completely empty. There isn’t a single picture on the wall, a chair in any corner, nothing. Nothing but the curtains over the window.
Dean then slowly turned his head to look towards the dais to his right at Naomi and Gabriel, and Castiel saw the moment he realized he was not with them pass over Dean like a wave. His shoulders slumped and he turned his head back to the block, his chin trembling slightly, eyes haunted and unfocused.
“Did you fall on your wrist again, Cas?” Sam asks, and Castiel notices that he’s rubbing his sprained wrist absentmindedly. He shakes his head.
“It should fit in the footwell of the backseat.” Castiel muses. “Or I could tilt the pot a bit to accommodate for its height should it still be too tall.”
“What are you doing?!” Castiel demanded, and he was aware his voice was an octave higher than it usually was. His stomach had dropped, nausea beginning to boil in the back of his throat. “Stop it!”
how it should be: a chance for a stroke of fate, of blind luck, organic and allowed to grow into whatever it wants to be.”
before my 26th birthday. Do you
Once they're outside, Castiel allows Dean to lead him through the walkways between the tents and booths of the farmers market towards the organic food store Sam prefers. They set the iris down on the sidewalk, and Dean smirks when he holds out his hand.
“A regular boy scout.” Cas teased.
about him.
Dean pressed his lips together and nodded. “Of course, ma’am. I’ll go see what we have in the back.”
Cas snorted. “She’s hardly a princess, though she obviously thinks herself one. She’s Lady Bela Talbot, the only daughter of the Duke of Talbot.” He explained. Dean decided to pretend he even knew where Talbot was. “We’ve known each other since we were children, though I don’t think we’ve actually met more than a dozen times since then. My mother believes that she and I would make a good match, that solidifying a marriage with Talbot would strengthen our allyship.”
“It’s all in good fun, Ma.” Gabe grinned. “Just trying to lighten the mood.”
He wondered if this is how Gabriel had felt, when he’d first met Kali. Castiel wasn’t about to ask him; he knew that doing so would only confirm Gabe’s suspicions and lead to more teasing. Castiel loved his brother, but even he had limits.
told him I'm into guys, but...he's smart. And he's gonna be thrilled, and gloat, and tell us he's happy for us. It'll be a total chick flick moment.”
“Your bed is much more comfortable than mine,” he says, voice thick with sleep.
Having made himself clear, he strode away, heading back towards the staircase that would take him back to the main floor and out of Perdition.
“That sounds wonderful.” Cas agreed.
Castiel watched them drag the man he loved away, silent and still as the night.
“Yes, Your Highness.” The guard to the left answered.
“Dibs on throwing!” Dean interjects, a huge grin across his face reminiscent of a gleeful child, and Castiel’s heart does that strange flutter-flip accompanied by the warm pulling sensation he can feel in the pit of his stomach it does whenever Dean smiles like that.
The question goes unspoken, but Dean hears it loud enough all the same.
His heart immediately leapt into his throat, and he spun around.
Castiel winces slightly.
“That ain’t fair.” He whines. “I gotta drive that big ass truck all the way home
“Carry on with the festivities!” Naomi announced. “For tomorrow, we rid the earth of Dean Winchester! And then, the search continues for his brother!”
“Fine.” Castiel answers. He nods at the backdoor. “Try there?”
Brandie grins. “Thanks.”
“I had to go to the bathroom!” Sam says, holding his hand up defensively. “And no offense, but you aren’t exactly
“I don’t know, man,” Dean answers, sighing tiredly. He pinches the bridge of his nose. “But whatever it is, we gotta figure it out quick so we can fix it.”
“I was.” Cas says. “But...I’m having a hard time with the wrist I sprained.” He looks up, and Dean can read the shame in those big blue eyes that he knows all too well from his own glances in the mirror. It’s hard for Cas to ask for help.
“I came with Dean, to make sure he’s alright.” Sam answered. He took in Castiel’s haggard form and Castiel saw the look that passed over his features when he got closer. He looked around, before finally settling on Castiel. “Cas, where’s Dean?”
Losing Jimmy had been like losing a part of himself. Jimmy had been his best friend, his confidant, his rock. Losing him had been the hardest thing to ever happen to him. There had been times when Castiel had been sure he wouldn’t be able to go on without his twin at his side, when even looking in the mirror was a bitter reminder of just what he’d lost.
“Do I look like a golden retriever to you, Moose?” Dean gripes. Sam glares at him.
“Took a while.” He says.
After, Castiel took Dean by the hand and led him off of the dais and back towards the palace, leaving the block behind them without a single glance. Castiel marveled in the weight of Dean’s hand in his, the way his palm pressed against his; even just a few hours ago, he’d been absolutely despondent at the idea of never having this again; now, he was never going to let him go.
BALTHAZAR: Seriously, tho, it’s like, what, midnight over there? Is anyone else awake?
“What is the meaning of this?!” His older sister, Naomi, the queen, came forward. Beside her was their brother Gabriel, captain of the royal guard.
“Too bad Charlie is at her LARPing thing this weekend.” Sam says morosely. “She definitely could have helped.”
, you know, not to mention we gotta burn this body once we get there.”
“We'd better hurry, Dean,” Sam says, showing Dean the weather app on his phone. “They're saying golfball sized hail is moving this way.”
Dean glared at his brother. “Gallows humor? After I nearly literally died, Sam? Really?”
Cas shakes his head and closes his eyes. He pushes Dean away and stumbles back, hand groping for the edge of the sink, but instead he grabs onto the handle of the cart with the iris.
And not just a trickle down the chin, either. Sam Winchester drools like a damn Rottweiler who’s just been given a sniff of a T-bone steak; Eileen would go so far as to say it
Understanding dawns in Sam’s hazel eyes.  “Shit,” he breathes, and Castiel cocks his head.
He couldn’t help but feel connected to Dean, like a moth drawn to flame. He didn’t know how to explain it; something about Dean felt
Castiel winced. He could only imagine the inflated story Bela was currently selling to his parents, likely making it sound as if Castiel had spurned and embarrassed her in public, rather than the fact that the truth of the matter was that Bela had embarrassed herself but mistreating Dean as she had. Still, he knew he needed to get home before any further damage was done.
Dean all but drags Cas down the hall towards the kitchen, where he wastes no time whirling the ex angel around and pressing him against the wall in a bruising kiss. Cas returns it in kind, moaning appreciatively.
“I wish I could stay longer, but I really need to get back to make sure any damage Bela has already caused is minimal.” He said apologetically.
“More where that came from.” Dean promises, and smiles against Cas’s skin as he begins to follow the line of hair down Cas’s abdomen, pausing a moment to dip his tongue in his navel. Cas jerks with a squeak that was frankly adorable, and Dean bites back a laugh.
“I do.”
“No.” Castiel said thickly. “It will be quick.”
“I, uh…” Cas looks down at the iris, still radiant and stunning, despite its darker properties. “I’m just going to go back to my own room.” He turns to go. “Goodnight, Dean.”
who catches your eye. What about that lovely boy Inias, from your sophomore year?”
“Well, either way, looks like we’re headed back into Hastings tomorrow.” Dean wipes his mouth on a napkin and takes a long drink of beer.
“Dean,” Castiel choked. “Please.”
“Isn’t Bela, I dunno…” Gabe said. “Kind of a bitch, though?”
He can still remember the crunch of Cas's cheekbones beneath his hands when the Mark had had him, after he'd killed the Stynes’ for going after Charlie and nearly killing her, leaving her broken and bloody in the bathtub of a motel, but alive; how he'd hovered over him with the angel blade; how, through the blood pounding in his ears he could hear himself screaming to stop, a constant
“Are you not going to greet your own mother?” Naomi interjected. Gabriel rolled his eyes but leaned forward to give her a hug.
Castiel, second in line for the throne of Caelum, just ask him out on a date?
Dean and his brother did not steal for stealing’s sake. They had started doing it to survive after their father had died, when they were still very young. They’d eventually made their way to the capital, where the disparity between the rich aristocracy and the poor had finally driven them to the vigilante thievery that now reserved them a place in the gallows, should they ever be caught, their nooses generously paid for by the nobility they’d stolen from.
“Please,” he said, breathless. “Don’t do this. Let me take his place.”
Sam pulled away from him and gave him a teary, tight lipped, grim smile before he let him go.
He pulls aside the collar of his shirt to mouth at his collarbones, which elicits another breathy moan, and Cas’s hand comes up to cradle the back of his neck.
“Good deal.” Dean nods even though he knows Sam can’t see him. “We’ll keep you updated.”
Dean laughs. “Yeah, pretty much.”
Yes, Dean was a thief, one of the most wanted bandits in the kingdom. But he never stole a cent for his own gain. He stole from the rich, who could afford it, to help those less fortunate in their midst, the lost souls that the aristocracy had forgotten, that Castiel’s own family had forgotten. He stole because people like Zachariah Adler, one of the kingdom’s chief tax collectors, robbed the poorest of Heaven’s citizens blind with high taxes and tariffs while the rich got away with paying hardly anything at all. Castiel was well aware that Zachariah pocketed some of the excess himself, keeping him well supplied with booze and women and influence.
“Has it finished raining?” Castiel asks.
Cas is sitting in the passenger seat, the iris in the footwell of the backseat, swaying merrily as the Impala cruises over dips and cracks in the asphalt. Cas is looking out the window, watching the flat Nebraska countryside as it passes. They're about ten minutes out of Hastings, having left after a shower that had taken too long for them to even grab breakfast to go if they wanted to make it to Hastings. Dean can't find it in him to regret how he'd pressed Cas against the wall of the shower under the steaming spray and dropped to his knees to give Cas the blowjob of his life. Cas had threaded his fingers in his hair and pulled just the way Dean liked until he'd came down his throat, moaning so loud Dean was sure Sam heard it.
A young boy no older than nineteen with long blue hair and the start of a patchy beard walks over. He smiles at them.
he feels to know that Cas will stop him should he have even so much as a second thought.
Castiel knew exactly what was going to happen, and it haunted him.
“Goodbye, Dean.”
It did not help that the only person who could possibly make him feel even a modicum of joy, could make him feel at ease, could not, under any circumstances, be there.
Kevin glances around him to peer out the little window in the kitchen door. “Wait, is that Prince Castiel?”
Also me: *does not get writing done*
Two hours later, and Dean is humming along to the tune of
He thought of Jimmy, and what he’d say, if he were here. Castiel desperately wished he could seek his counsel.
In the end, they manage to make dinner without any major fiascos. Dean had shown Cas how to make, prepare, and cook his signature meatballs once he'd finished buttering bread for garlic toast. Sam had wandered in halfway through, enticed by the smell of hamburger meat cooking in a skillet, and Dean had put him on noodle duty.
“Oh!” The woman blushes, and Castiel wonders if he was too blunt; Dean is always telling him he's a little quick on the draw when it comes to the truth sometimes. “A wife or girlfriend maybe?”
look pale, Castiel; perhaps you should retire for the evening. This all must have come as quite a shock to you. I could see that you were enjoying yourself; I saw the two of you kissing.” She set a hand on Castiel’s arm. “What transpired tonight was not your fault. He lied to you. He was going to take
“I’m doing no such thing.” Naomi said coolly. “If you recall, I’m not forcing anyone on you, Castiel. I’m merely pointing you in the direction of suitors that could benefit everyone in the long run. You are being given the choice. But, if you
“I’m sorry if you’re in trouble ‘cause a’ me, Cas.” He said softly.
“Dean, are you alright?” Cas asks.
Castiel was seriously beginning to consider the strength of the ivy on the walls around them, and whether or not they'd be strong enough to cut off the air supply of a certain lady…
“Almost done,” Kevin said without Dean having to ask. “Just have to drizzle the vinegarette.” He grabbed a blue glass bottle from a little shelf on the wall and carefully drizzled it over the salad. He handed the plate to Dean.
Dean swallows, and prays to God or whoever else might be listening that he hasn't just ruined everything, hasn't just lost this precious thing before he could truly have it.
“I told you,” Brandie levels back. “I sold it yesterday. It was brought in by some movers from Mrs. Porters’ estate sale, and they said that her family didn’t want it, so we could have it.”
“Plain water is fine for me, thank you, Dean.” He said. He smiled gently at Dean, and Dean felt that stupid crush go up another tick.
“I’m going to go check on that salad for you,” Dean excused himself back to the kitchen like he had a hellhound on his tail, only breathing once he had the doors behind him.
“Whatever.” A slow, dark smile works its way across her face. “That just means you’ll be even easier to kill.”
Cas frowns. “I did not have a harp, Dean.”
“Who did you buy this from?”
“Good.” Dean nods. He sees Cas coming out of the greenhouse; he’s holding the remains of the iris in his hands. “You stay out of trouble.”
Specifically, a petal from the very iris at his side.
, Castiel!” Naomi reasoned. “A worthless ingrate who steals from hard working citizens to further his own means! He is not worth your protection!”
“What did you say?” He whispers, breathlessly.
Gabe slung his arm around his neck. “Hey, not all my ideas are hairbrained,” he said.
“Will it hurt?” Dean asked, voice small, and Castiel knew it took a lot out of him for him to ask. That given any other circumstances, with any other person, he would never allow himself to sound so frightened.
“I should be thanking
“Cas,” Dean said.
“You too, Father.” Castiel smiled.
, his damned brain whispers, and Dean tells it to shut up - and offering them a modicum of privacy.
“Jesus, Cas!” Dean is at Cas’s side in a second. “What the hell has gotten into you, man?!”
“Castiel, don’t be ridiculous!” Naomi admonished. “You can’t be serious, protecting this felon?!”
“Thank you, Sam.” Castiel squeezed Sam’s shoulder. No matter the fact that he and Dean shared a much more profound bond, Castiel had always valued Sam’s friendship and camaraderie.
He hands over three tickets, all of which are winners. One is $100, the other two both $5,000.
Castiel smiled at him, love and adoration singing in his blood, right down into his very soul. He tangled his fingers with Dean’s. Dean smiled back at him, sleepily, his eyes fluttering.
“Exactly!” Dean winks at her. “That's what he's trying to find out.”
Cas raises his eyes, and Dean smiles gently.
“House salad special,” Dean explained. He did not like where this was going one bit. “Arugula with fresh mozzarella, cherry tomatoes, grilled chicken, avocado, and balsamic vinaigrette.”
Castiel felt dread drawing tight in his gut.
“Cas, I told you, it’s fine.” Dean shakes his head and grasps Cas’s arm. “I’m just glad you didn’t hurt yourself more, buddy.”
of his interactions with Dean the night before.
“That is, until that little old bitch Marjorie Porter entered the contest. She enters and suddenly, the roses that I’d
Sam nodded, diplomatically. “We look forward to meeting with you, Your Majesty. Thank you.”
Dean busied himself with getting everything else ready, including snagging a bottle of San Pellegrino for Princess Bitch out there from the fridge. Cappuccinos were relatively easy, so he cranked on out for Her Royal Pain-in-the-Ass before he grabbed two clean glasses from the rack next to the sink and headed back out into the café, where he saw Cas studying the café’s surroundings while his date scrolled on her phone, her nails clicking on the table as she strummed her fingers irritably.
“Hey, I know that look.” Dean interrupts his train of thought with a hand on his shoulder.  “Stop it. You ain’t gonna die. We’re gonna figure this shit out, and fix it, capisce?”
Cas let's out a disappointed sound, but still doesn't say anything as Dean rinses his hair. He grabs the other towel from where he'd flung it over his shoulder and throws it over Cas’s head.
“So,” Haley said conversationally, glancing into the rearview mirror. “You from around here, or…?”
the spell I put on that flower was?! Do you know how draining it’s going to be to hunt it down?!” Natalia stalks around the desk and advances towards Brandie. She reaches out a hand and points her palm at the girl. “You’re going to pay for inconveniencing me!”
He only wished that he could take Dean with him.
Just as she rounds the corner, she stops short as the door ahead of her creeps open, and she realizes it’s the door to Dean’s room. She watches as Castiel slips into the hallway much in the same way she slunk from Sam’s, closing the door with a fine degree of care. He turns towards her.
“Shut up, Cas,” Dean moans. “Please.”
“Yep. Specialize in restoration.”
Cas rolls his eyes, and Dean tries not to smile at how utterly
Irritation flared in Castiel’s gut, commingling with the worry that the man he loved, the most wanted thief in all the lands, was
BALT: So, were the fruits of your labor bountiful last night?
“Nice digs.” He appraised.
Cas grins slyly. “Or lose any more shoes.”
Cas nods, and Dean runs a hand down his face before pushing it back into his hair.
Fuck fuck
“Can you take me?”
Natalia studies him for a moment, eyeing him from foot to head; Dean hates it when evil bitch witches do that. It always makes him feel
Cas cocks his head at him, eyes shining with unhidden hope. Dean throws his shirt and sweatpants on the bed and walks over to Cas, placing his hands on his hips. He leans forward and kisses him, nice and slow. He pulls back.
“Of course not.” She said, and Castiel could hear the false niceties in her voice. “How about we go into town, hm? I’d love to get a taste of the Caelumean culture.”
Eileen grins.
“Irises are great flowers.” Sam agrees. “It's just...a little big? How are you gonna get it home?”
the face you wore when you smited things, Cas.” Castiel scowls at him, and he holds out a hand placatingly. “Alright, alright, fine. Anyway, you gonna buy the flower or what?”
He made him feel at ease, as though he could be himself without fear of doing or saying the wrong thing. Even though they had only spent a few hours together, just talking, Dean had made Castiel feel normal. He didn’t have to be a prince around Dean; he only needed to be himself.
“Castiel,” She said sternly, voice clipped in that all too familiar way of hers. “I understand you’re put out by all of this. But it’s
“Shut up!” Natalia hisses, and Dean whimpers - fucking whimpers - as the hold on him raises him just slightly higher. She turns back to Cas and cocks her head, eyeing him from head to toe.
“My name is Sam Winchester, his brother. I offer myself in his place in exchange for his freedom.”
But losing Dean? Was a completely different kind of loss, a deeper, robust ache that permeated every nerve in his body.
“Could you get me some more?” Cas asks. His blue eyes have taken on a feverish look all of a sudden, and it sparks further worry down Dean’s spine like ice.
“I, too, offer myself in his place.” Castiel said.
The next morning found Castiel sitting down to breakfast with his parents and brother. Gabriel had accosted him earlier, demanding to know every gritty detail about his escapade the night before. Castiel had told him that the Roadhouse has been a good choice, but that he’d been recognized.
“If you wouldn't mind.”
“I love you, too, Dean.” Castiel said, knowing deep in his heart, this would be the last time he said it. “I’ll always love you.”
“I’ll have the bacon cheeseburger, extra bacon.” Dean says.
The woman - Bela, he’d heard Cas call her - smirked at him.
Hey!” Dean yells, yanking open the door and stepping inside the greenhouse. Natalia looks over her shoulder at him, snarling. Dean levels his gun at her head. “Let her go!”
“You must truly love this man, to defy me in such a way.” She said, finally.
“Oh, strike a nerve, did I?” Natalia laughs again. “I forgot; he’s been bent over for you Winchesters for years. Oh, well. Guess I’ll just have to kill the bastard myself.” She grips his chin firmer, more blood welling around her talon-like fingernails as her magic squeezes his throat harder. “After I kill you, of course. No hard feelings, Dean.”
Dean grins at him and puts the car into drive. “Then let's get home. Those pies are calling my name.”
But, he was a gentleman, and he had known that with certain suitors would come certain degrees of saving face and keeping appearances. Lady Bela and her father would be leaving tomorrow. He only had to deal with her through this evening, and then he would tell his mother that Bela Talbot was most definitely
“Yes, Dean.” Cas answers.
“You like anything in your coffee?” Dean asked, knocking on the doorframe to get his attention.
“You didn’t ruin anything.” Cas assured him. “It was going abysmally to begin with. You just helped exacerbate the inevitable.”
Ooooookay, that's enough.
“Of course, Your Grace.” Lydia nodded back respectfully and walked back through the curtain at the front of the plane, no doubt to prepare for landing.
Castiel sighed again and looked out the plane window. They’d land in Caelum in just thirty minutes, and then, Castiel’s easy, normal university life would end, and his role as the second Prince of Caelum would begin a new chapter.
“Yeah, no shit, Sherlock.” Dean growls, worry and frustration building in his gut at a steady rate. “Sit tight and don’t move ‘til we figure out what it is, capisce?”
“If that’s what you’d prefer to call it.” Cas responded, and Dean’s brain puttered to an abrupt stop.
“Let us put this night behind us.” She said, and turned to walk the few steps to the nearest fireplace, and Castiel watched as she threw Dean’s mask into the fire.
“Fuck.” Dean curses. He runs his hand over his face for a moment before he looks back at the article. He drags Sam’s laptop a little closer, reading the blurb underneath the “AWARD WINNING IRIS WOWS JUDGES!”
The majority of this group were innocent, and Castiel knew that Naomi knew it, knew that she could see that what they had done, what Castiel had done, had not been an act of defiance. That they were not treasonous traitors intent on creating a coup, but were instead a family, desperate to save one of their own.
Castiel winced as he peeled the fake mustache from his skin, the adhesive surprisingly strong for what looked like a large bushy caterpillar that had decided to take up residence on his upper lip. Gabe had unceremoniously slapped it on him right before he’d ruffled his hair and pushed him out the door, telling him it would “add to his mystique,” whatever that meant in Gabriel terms.
After a long moment, Dean pulled back and pressed his forehead against Castiel’s, letting out a shuddering breath before he dared a half smile.
so I can stop getting weird looks everywhere we go!”
“Of course he isn’t,” Naomi interjected, tone uncharacteristically gentle. “He has just nearly been the victim of a heinous crime.” She looked at Castiel. “You
Yes, the kingdom is named Caelum because it's the Latin word for "heaven." Sue me, I'm not THAT creative. Either way, it is pronouned "kay-lum" and Caelumean is pronouned "kay-lim-e-en," which pertains to anything on a governmental or national level. However the citizens of Caelum are Caelites. So, in case you're confused: when something is Caelumean, it is pertaining to belonging to Caelum's government or traditions, but Caelites are citizens. Cool? Cool.
“Here you go.” He said. He moved to pour another cup for Cas, but the prince shook his head.
Brandie shrugs. “I’d like to think I’m an open minded person.” She says. “Besides, I lived in a haunted house growing up, so it’s not that far fetched for me to believe other things could exist, too.” She looks down at Natalia’s body. Blood is pooling around her neck where the terracotta shard still protrudes. “What’re you gonna do about her? And that truck outside with all her shit?”
Definitely not love.
“I think that pretty much covers it.” Sam says. “I think five feet is about as safe as we should consider letting you get away from the iris until we figure this whole thing out.”
“Are you going to let him speak to me this way?!” Bela demanded of Cas.
Cas hums in agreement as he looks over the menu.
CASTIEL: Sorry. It’s been a whirlwind since I touched down. I just got your messages.
“That sounds pleasant.” He says.
“You save my life, give me a bath, promise me a massage
Castiel smiled. “I did, too.” He agreed. “I’d...I’d like to do it again, if you’re amenable.”
She stood up straight and addressed the room of spectators.
He found the cell relatively easily; the two guards stationed outside the thick wooden door was an easy clue. Castiel squared his shoulders and held his head high, channeling every ounce of royalty in his veins, and approached.
most bright and beautiful.”
“Well, here she is.” Dean said proudly, walking around to the driver’s side. “It ain’t a gilded carriage or nothin’, but she’s got a grace all her own.”
(See the end of the chapter for
grow well in warm climates. Kansas is arid enough, and the soil around the bunker is fertile enough…” He regards the iris once more. The feeling has not subsided, and Castiel is beginning to wonder if it’s just another one of the inscrutable parts of being human.
Castiel opened his mouth, unsure of how he was going to reply. He couldn’t tell Gabriel the truth. He had never felt less alright in his entire life, save for the day Jimmy died.
Sam smirks, his hazel eyes full of mirth as he looks between them. Cas still has his hand on Dean’s back.
“I know this is difficult for you.” She said. “And I know that you must think me callous. But Castiel, I only want what’s best for you. Please believe that.” She stood and leaned down to kiss his forehead. “Traditions survive because they
“My head hurts,” Brandie says. “And that stings like a bitch but otherwise, yeah, I’m fine.”
“But for now, bath, then bed.” Castiel said.
“Okay, I think we’re starting to get a picture here.” Sam muses, nodding. “Let's do eight feet, Cas.”
“If that’s what you want to do, then you should do it.” Castiel said. “Nevermind what they say. It is your life, and you should be able to live it however you see fit.”
this time.” She demanded.
“Castiel!” Naomi demanded, and she gathered her skirts to walk down the steps of the raised dais towards where Castiel stood protectively over Dean. “What is the meaning of this?!”
Naomi humphed. “You don’t seem to understand the importance of this issue. Castiel must find a suitable match within six months. I would have begun preparations for suitors to call before, but he was still finishing his Masters in New York, and it wouldn’t do to find suitors for an absent prince.”
Jimmy had found masquerades to be the prime opportunity for mischief when they’d been boys. The two of them would dress alike, with matching masks, and cause all manner of mayhem. They’d steal buttons from waistcoats, tie the exposed laces of corsets in impossible and complicated knots, flick peas and kernels of corn into the pompadour wigs worn by some of the nobility from the southern regions of Novak, where such wigs were the height of fashion. As difficult as it was to tell them apart on a normal day, during a masque, it was absolutely impossible. So impossible was it, that after years of complaints from attendees at not being able to tell, exactly, which of the young twin princes it had been that had caused the calamity, their father had finally decided that they would wear different masks, setting them apart.
“Thank you, Sam.” Cas’s voice is so grateful, genuine as though no one has ever been as thoughtful as Sam had been at that moment.
Bela’s jaw fell open, and Castiel resisted the urge to laugh. He quickly climbed out of the car and hurried to the other side.
In the kitchen, Dean grabs three mugs from the shelf while he waits for the coffee to percolate. He spoons two heaps of sugar in his, and fills the bottom of Cas’s mug with honey and a splash of milk, just the way Cas likes it. Sam prefers his straight black, so he leaves the mug for Sam alone. He glances at the little clock on the wall by the door, which reads 10:26; he and Cas had slept almost ten hours.
Castiel shakes his head. “That hardly matters, Dean.” He says. “I still became hexed or cursed, and that’s...that’s unacceptable. I should have taken better care.”
“Dean!” Cas cries, and steps forward to help him. Natalia sends him flying across the room where he slams into a table of Gerber daisy displays; several of the plants rattle and fall, terracotta pots shattering against the concrete. He gasps in pain as his back collides with the edge, and falls to the ground in a heap. He drops his gun as he does, and Natalia kicks it away from them until it clatters under a table somewhere in the depths of the greenhouse.
“The thief Dean Winchester will die at noon tomorrow. It is customary that thieves be hung by the neck until dead, but due to the nature of the crimes he has committed over the span of six years, and for trying to seduce a prince of Heaven, he will be put to death on the block.” She looked at Dean. “May G-d show you more mercy than I.”
Kevin had returned from the market across the street and was busy preparing Miss Bitch’s salad. He was busy chopping pieces of fresh mozzarella from the Lafitte farm into cubes and artfully arranging them on the bed of greens.
“Bela!” He heard Cas holler, his voice hard and powerful, and Dean was, momentarily, reminded that Cas was a prince named for an angel; he certainly sounded like an avenging angel in that moment.
Bela was just as much of a bitch as he remembered from the brief moments he’d spent with her throughout the functions of his life that had dictated their proximity to each other was inevitable (balls, banquets, the odd dignitary business, the like), but Castiel was convinced she was much, much worse now (in what Gabriel called her “final evolution,” a reference Castiel did not understand) than ever before.
“What the hell, lady?!” He hollered. “You come in here, acting like you own the place, bad mouth my staff, break my shit, and then have the balls to demand a new dish?!”
The chute at the top for the door slid open.
“Not nearly as much as yours.” Castiel whispered back. “A peacock was a wise choice.”
Castiel immediately set to work on the knots at Dean’s wrists. They were tight, too tight to untie by hand, but Castiel could see the broken skin around them and the purple bruising beginning to form, and he knew he couldn’t leave them like this.
“Here,” Dean takes the handle of the shopping cart and carefully wheels the iris against the wall next to the sinks. He grabs the chair the three of them use when they need their hair cut and drags it over, setting it against one of the sinks. He grabs two towels from the shelf, and rolls one up to put on the edge of the sink. He runs warm water into the bowl, testing it with his fingers before he turns back to Cas.
“2008 Pontiac Street,” Castiel instructed.
Dean shakes his head. “That ain’t it, buddy.” He says, and Castiel tries not to deflate at the use of
Castiel had cried until he had no tears left. The pain in his chest had numbed him to everything else, leaving him feeling empty as he stared into the stillness of the garden.
Dean grins and pulls himself up to kiss him. “It's okay,” he says when they pull apart. “I like it.” He palms at Cas’s erection and the ex-angel grunts and pants, his breathing harsh and fast.
With that and a small wave, Brandie turns and walks back into the greenhouse, shutting the door tight behind her.
Cas nods, slowly. “I understand.” He smiles, and Dean can't help but smile back. He loves the way Cas smiles with his whole face, the way his eyes light up and his nose crinkles. It's adorable.
no less!
Shit damn fucking
. He makes a particularly gorgeous sound when Dean sucks at his pulse point just under his chin, and he catalogues that away for later, and continues his trek down.
Castiel nodded. “Yes, a ride would be greatly appreciated. Thank you, Dean.”
“I was a
Dean turned Baby around the corner, pulling her into the lot behind the Roadhouse. He parked her in her spot underneath the carport, safe and sound from any bird droppings or freak hailstorms, and killed the engine.
They sat in silence for a moment, simply holding one another. Castiel didn’t realize he was crying until Dean’s thumbs wiped beneath his eyes, catching them.
In the short time it had taken Dean to get his clothes, Cas had managed to plug a sink and clean off the rest of the mud caking his body. He's wrapped in a towel, slung low on his hips, exposing his hipbones. Dean’s brain short circuits for ten straight seconds as he rapid fires through all the very
“Is anyone going to take my order, or am I going to have to make it myself?” She groused.
“Alright,” he says. “We sure on our cover story?”
Cas shrugs, still wearing his smitey face despite the way the corner of his mouth twitches upward. “Do with the money what you want.” He says. “I don’t care.”
This ones a bit short, but I couldn’t figure out a better stopping point.
Naomi looked at Dean, her blue eyes cold behind the white lace of her mask.
, what can I get started for you?”
“That sounds reasonable.” Cas agrees.
“I think I can help with that.” Gabriel grinned. “I can get you out the same way I can get strippers in.”
Natalia’s shock is evident; she releases her hold on Brandie, who sags against the wall, gasping and coughing as she wheezes did breath.
Castiel thought, and a shiver passed down his spine.
“I most certainly do, darling.” She said sweetly. “You have no idea what I’m capable of, but I assure you it’s nothing less than make your life a living hell.”
He leans their foreheads together and smiles.
“Mom, no one calls them suitors anymore.” Gabe rolled his eyes. “Just call them significant others like everybody else.”
He thinks.
to cure me of the Mark, man. How could I ever be worth that?”
“You should get outta here.” Dean said, as if hearing his thoughts. “Wouldn’t want you to get caught in here with me.”
Castiel didn’t need to be told twice. As a cry of joy went out through the square, and the group gathered let out a collective sigh, Castiel crouched in front of the block, where Dean looked back at him, green eyes impossibly wide and wondrous. Castiel’s hands fumbled, shaking with a half day’s worth of nerves and grief and adrenaline, as he set at loosening the leather cuffs on Dean’s wrists until they were both free.
“No, but I know we have a few in the laundry room for when we wash our winter coats.” He says. “Just...get me one, okay? Me and Cas will be outside.”
No matter how much it killed him to watch the man he loved be murdered in front of his eyes, Castiel would never dream of letting him die such a death alone.
He couldn’t do this. He couldn’t leave Dean like this, knowing that come morning, he would once again be bound and gagged, possibly even punished for somehow managing to slip his bonds, even if it had been Castiel who had freed him of them, and then, come the high hour, he would be executed. He couldn’t bear to think of leaving him to face his death without Castiel there beside him, to hold his hand as he slipped away, as Castiel had often fantasized of doing when they were old and gray, having lived a full life together.
“No one thinks that, Gabriel.” Castiel assured him. “The people of Caelum adore you. All Kings will have their naysayers, but you’re warm, accepting, and love your kingdom. You’re a good diplomat. You couldn’t bring shame to our family if you tried.”
Cas reads loud and clear. He swallows audibly, licking his lips, his blue eyes blown with lust. “Is that a promise?”
“I could say the same to you.” She said. “You give good advice. Have you ever thought about following it yourself?”
He had always expected having this - having Cas - would scare the living fuck out of him. And in some ways, it does. Cas is human, can die a human death, can get sick and cry and bleed just like the rest of them, and some days it terrifies him. He had always expected that finally having Cas -
“I’ll have the club sandwich, and fries as well.” Cas smiles at the boy.
“I’m sorry, but I don’t.” Dean shook his head, his voice still pleasant and calm, despite the way Bela was treating him; Castiel supposed working as a bartender had given him years of practice. “But if you’re here with Cas, I’d say you’re probably pretty important.”
“I love you.” He says, and Dean’s chest tightens with warmth.
“Whatever they call them,” Naomi said. “Castiel must begin the process of meeting and entertaining them immediately.”
Or three.
, Mother.” Castiel snapped.
“Yeah, man, just a second.” Dean’s eyes the ex-angel for a few moments, still trying to grouse what the hell is going on here as he moves back to the sink for more water. Just as he hands it over to Cas, the glass slips from Cas’s hand.
Cas smiled. “Coffee sounds wonderful. And perhaps lunch?”
Castiel nodded, and started on his way again. He made his way out into the palace yard, and headed for one of the service entrances, exiting into the streets of the city. He pulled his hood onto his head as rain began to fall, and meandered his way towards the town square, where several guards had begun to prepare the daises, covering the one where the beheading would take place with sawdust and straw to soak up the blood, and arranged chairs on the other where the royal family was to sit to take witness to the event. As he watched, a large, heavy rectangular slab of stone was carried to the center by three men; a deep half moon shaped groove was carved out on the side facing the square, and thick, strong leather cuffs had been hammered into either side of the stone, the nails soldered to ensure strength.
“I’m so sorry she did this,” Cas said as he dapped at a stray drop of cappuccino that had pooled behind Dean’s ear.
“Your Highness, this man is a criminal. He could be dangerous. Are you sure—”
“Hell yeah, I do!” He exclaimed. “Used to sneak out there all the time. Little place called the Roadhouse, over on Pontiac Street in the Lawrence District.”
Castiel closes his eyes and leans into Dean’s touch. He isn’t sure he’ll ever get used to how comforting, how affirming human touch can be.
Cas turns his watery blue eyes back, and Dean leans closer. There's heartache and so much pain in those eyes, and Dean feels an ache so profound, he can feel it from his toes to the heels of his hands.
“Gabriel!” Naomi admonished. “We do not speak of others that way!”
He toes open the door quietly. Cas has rolled over into the middle of the bed, laying on his back with his hands extended over his head. The sheets have gotten kicked down again, leaving them artfully tousled at Cas’s hips like a Michelangelo painting.
Gabe grinned.
it would hail right after he'd given Baby a new buff job.
“Jerk.”
“Guess I should be grateful it’s the block and not the noose, then, huh?” Dean said.
“Aren’t I, though?” Natalia laughs. “Oh, Dean, you really are all brawn and no brain.” She holds up her hand, and her fingers start to glow purple.
Haley pulled the car up alongside a curb and looked back at him. She smiled.
“Thank you, Dean.”
“Well, regardless, you
to fuck me into the mattress? Gotta be careful, Cas. A guy like me could get used to that kind of treatment.”
Lily pulled up to the curb and killed the engine. She looked at Castiel in the rearview mirror.
find something interesting that might help us narrow down our search.”
“I'll grab them.” Anything to get him out of here before he can't keep his damn hands to himself. He turns on his heel quickly and takes his leave, not bothering to think about how his abrupt leave would appear. Anything is better than staying one more second in front of his half naked best friend, whom he is having fantasies of pressing up against the bathroom wall—
“No.” Cas bites out, steadfastly refusing to move.
Dean sighed.
“Thank you, Dean.”
“Show me, Dean.” He says. “I want everything.”
Castiel reached out and put a hand on his brother's knee.
“Shit.” Dean curses. He locks the safety on his gun and tucks it back into his pants. He drags a hand down his face. “You weren’t kidding about her leaving in a hurry.”
for their own financial gain.
“No, I mean, I’d love to get a coffee that hasn’t been flung in my face, if you’re into that kinda thing.” Dean amended, hoping it didn’t sound half as awkward as it felt.
Castiel did not sleep.
Now, without the comforting and familiar presence of Jimmy at his side, masquerades held no place in Castiel’s heart. Even now, almost six years later, the shape that had grown from the absence of his twin brother was an ache so profound, it did not have a name.
It’s endearing, really.
Chuck winced. “Sorry, dear.”
“I know it’s stupid to say it now, but I don’t...I don’t wanna die. Fuck, Cas, I’m...I’m scared, man.” Dean crumpled against Cas’s chest, gripping the fabric of his waistcoat tightly. “And I know that makes me weak, but I don’t care.”
At five feet, however, he finds that though he is able to catch the ball, he fumbles with it, and nearly drops it. When he tosses it back to Dean, he falls short and the ball falls at Dean’s feet in a low arch.
As soon as his sword caught, Castiel used all of his strength to carry the force of the parry upwards, and he raised a foot to kick the executioner squarely in the chest, sending him stumbling backwards and away from the block.
Castiel smiled and pulled two twenties from his wallet and handed them to her.
“Just sugar and a dash of cream is fine.” Cas answered.
“You obviously love this car.” Cas said appraisingly. “She’s been well loved.”
“Just be happy, Cas.” Dean said. “I need you to do that, for me.”
“Very much,” Cas admits. His voice is higher than normal, and he's already panting. “Please don't stop.”
“Fuck,” Dean hears him breathe. The expletive sounds foreign coming from Cas’s mouth, but it's one
“That’s not the point,” Castiel said. “The point is, I can’t afford to be frivolous right now. I need to be taking this seriously.”
“You okay?” Dean asks.
Naomi, for the first time in her life, appeared to be speechless. Here she was, being handed the two most wanted bandits in the kingdom on a silver platter, and the only thing standing between her and them was Castiel, her little brother, the prince.
Castiel sighed as he used the small remote control to turn off the sound on the small television screen in the corner, slumping down into his seat a little further. He massaged the bridge of his nose with one hand, trying to drown out the noise of his mother’s incessant chatter in the background.
But he couldn’t deny the buzzing in his bones, the way his very being as vibrating with a need he couldn’t quite pin down.
“Yes,
Gasps. Everyone here knew who Dean Winchester was.
“Thank you.” Castiel said. “Come here.”
“I’ll wait here for you.” Lily said with a nod. “Let me know if you need anything.”
“Blow me, Sam!” Dean calls back to his brother as he heads down the hall.
“Anything. Everything.” Dean answers honestly. He closes his eyes, unable to handle the clear affection he sees reflecting in Cas’s. “Nothing you don't want, Cas.”
Cas is the one who leans in and kisses him this time, soft and sure, and Dean’s chest aches with it.
Castiel is pulled away from staring at the iris by the sound of his phone vibrating in the pocket of his jacket. He pulls it out to find a message from Dean, asking him where he is. Castiel sends him a text in reply, letting him know he's in the greenhouse on the little off road by the coffee shop, and slips the phone into his jeans pocket. He plucks lint from the hand me down Metallica t-shirt he inherited from Dean, and shifts the canvas bag in his left hand. Inside is the jar of honey he'd bought from a beekeeper, several honeycrisp apples, his favorite peppermint castile soap, and a homemade almond butter he'd bought from a shy teenage girl trying to fundraise for the local animal shelter. He shifts through his spoils, trying in vain to ignore the iris as it taunts him inanimately from its perch.
He and Dean sat for what felt like hours, just talking, like they’d done down at the bar the week before. It was easy to lose track of time with Dean, and Castiel had a hard time regretting it.
be here. What if someone recognized you?!”
Cas lowers his gaze and nods.
“Please,” Cas gasps. “Don’t hurt him.”
Dean drops his hand onto the seat, and threads his fingers through Cas’s. He glances in the rearview mirror at the iris.
Cas is a
“We should get cleaned up.” He says. “I feel gross.”
abomination is
“What?!” He finally croaks.
“Emmanuel Novak?” She asked.
“Yes, Your Highness.” The guards said in unison.
“I have missed it.” Castiel admitted. He had especially missed the summers here; the summers in the city had been scorching, and the heat had caused the smell of the garbage on the curbs and in the dumpsters to fester. It had been the one thing he had not loved about New York. The summers of Caelum were mild and usually very comfortable.
Dean looked at him this time, surprise written across his features.
what I did in hell. What I did with the Mark, to all those people, to
Yet, despite having felt his longing (for
It was a harebrained plan borne of desperation and love, relying completely on timing and chance, and it had the makings of being more a disaster than a success, but it would have to be enough.
A hand presses against the straining zipper of Dean’s jeans. Pleasure erupts behind his eyes, and Dean groans and let's his head thunk against the pillow.
“The word you’re looking for is pansexual, Mother.” Castiel informed her. “It means that I am utterly indifferent to the sex or gender identity of those I am attracted to.”
Bela regarded him with a steely look, but Dean refused to back down. He had taken too much shit for too long; he knew that Andrea wouldn’t want someone like this bitch stinking up her cafe, so he didn’t worry about that; what he did worry about was Cas, who had taken a half step towards Dean, though Dean refused to look away from Bela to see his facial expression. Dean hated to think that this could be the last time he laid eyes on the pretty prince, hated that he had likely ruined his date (despite the fact that Dean fervently believed he deserved better than his awful woman), hated that Cas would probably think him to be rude, unprofessional, and thus unworthy of any of his time from this moment on. But Dean had been shit on way too many times in his life to allow someone this petty, this narcissistic, to walk all over him for even a second longer.
I’m just glad I invested in some noise cancelling headphones a while back.”
“Cas, where is my brother?”
This time, he knows exactly what he's said, because time comes to an abrupt standstill. Cas freezes, and raises his head, Dean’s dick jumping in protest as it falls from the ex-angel’s mouth, a long, ropey string of saliva connecting the crown to Cas’s lips. Cas’s blue eyes are the size of dinner plates, wide and unblinking.
and you never told me?! How could you aid and abet the most wanted criminal in the lands, Castiel? Don’t you understand that that could be seen as treason?!”
Dean looks down and realizes that his hands have stilled on Cas’s sides, and that there are a scant few inches between their bodies right at this moment. Dean swallows thickly, but can't seem to tear himself away. Cas is warm under the soft cotton of the t-shirt, that warmth radiating into Dean’s palms and searing into his very core.
“So I have a working theory, but we’re gonna have to test it out.” He proclaims. “Dean, find me something we can throw, like a tennis ball.”
“Hey, this doesn’t involve him.” Dean said before Cas could say a word. “Me n’ him are good.
Cas’s face is determined when he raises his chin and faces Dean square on.
Castiel snorted.
“She killed Marjorie Porter,” Cas heaves. “She almost killed
“Mm,” Gabe hummed. “Honestly, some bimbo from downtown would be better than anybody Mom could pair you with. She’s going to do her damnedest to find you the potential spouse with the biggest stick shoved the farthest up their ass. Better brush up on your snobbery, baby bro. Practice your condescending sneer in the mirror in the mornings.”
Castiel scoffed and opened the door to the car he’d be riding in with Gabriel. “I’d rather ride the subway filled with drunk people on New Years Eve,” he said. “Than listen to her prattle on for one more minute about the fact that I have to get married within the next year.”
“It's fine, Cas.” Sam’s eyebrows raise as he notices the iris. “What's with the iris?”
When Dean throws the ball this time, it hits Castiel square in the forehead. He cries out in surprise, and rubs at the sore spot on his skin as he stoops to pick up the ball on the ground. When he goes to straighten up, he loses his footing in the mud, and falls, for the second time in the last hour, on his ass into the squelching earth.
“Coupla years ago, me an’ Sam found out a cursed object had been stolen from one of our dad’s lockups, a rabbit’s foot. It granted the person in possession of it unlimited good luck, but as soon as they got rid of it or lost it, the luck ran out, and they died, usually pretty bloody.” Dean says. He shudders slightly. “Anyway, it hexed Sam, and when he lost it, bad luck followed him everywhere. A damn AC unit caught on fire from him just
“It’s fine, Cas.” He assures him. “As long as you’re okay.”
The air was decidedly much more somber, and Castiel felt a flash of guilt. How could he complain about his upcoming engagement when Gabriel had lost the love of his life? He felt selfish. He’d never been in love before, but Gabriel had. He’d loved her, and he’d lost her. How was any of that fair?
“I think I will retire.” He managed to get out around the bile. “I’m...feeling rather unsettled.”
“Cas!” Dean and Sam both are at his side in an instant, reaching out to grab him by the upper arms to haul him back to his feet. “You okay?”
He feels his cheeks and ears burn in embarrassment as the Winchesters burst out laughing. He points a glare at Dean when he jogs over and offers Castiel his hand.
Bela smirked, and Dean saw her reach for the cup of cappuccino on the table. He had the frame of mind to close his eyes just in time for Bela to throw it in his face, the hot (but thankfully not entirely scalding) liquid unpleasant as it burned his lip and eyelids. He yelped and pawed at his face, sputtering as it dripped into his nose and mouth.
and steal
“You’re very cavalier for someone who was just almost killed by a witch,” Cas observes, bluntly. He bends down and picks up his angel blade, fastening it back into its holster on his forearm.
Dean groans, and lets his forehead knock against the table. He feels Cas rub his back soothingly.
Sam sighs. “She could be anywhere.” He says, forlornly. “How’s Cas holding up?”
“I know.” Castiel kissed his forehead, and felt how his lips trembled against the skin there. He was just barely holding it together, trying to stay strong for Dean. “I love you, too.”
” He shouted.
“Okay.” Dean swallows. “Okay, Cas.”
“By the way,” Dean whispered as they began to move in tandem, the other dancers along with them. “Your mask suits you. Brings out your eyes.”
Castiel, despite having been raised in the lavishness of royalty and all the perks and pests that came with his status, had never truly found himself at ease in situations such as these. He especially disliked masques; it was hard enough parsing genuity from those in court when facing them day to day, let alone when they were given the opportunity to hide behind a mask for a few hours. Many among the lesser nobility thought that this was an ample opportunity to whisper in the ears of those at court, to gossip and plant seeds behind the literal mask of plausible deniability; no one can prove that the person who said such and such was the person behind the mask, after all. It could very well have been another patron who’d worn a similar mask, they’d excuse.
“There’s nothing in the law that says your suitor has to be royal or a member of the nobility, Cassie,” Gabe reminded him. “Kali wasn’t either.”
He felt a light touch on his arm, and looked up to find Dean holding out the suit jacket he’d removed some time ago, a concerned look on his face.
“Dude, what's with the smitey face?” Dean asks. “What’d it ever do to you?”
Sam comes back into the kitchen, carefully wheeling the cart with the iris still sitting inside behind him.
things to his imagination right now.
?!” Naomi said, incredulous. “You knew where he was for an entire
“Night guys.” Sam says. He yells, “Use protection!”
Castiel felt his heart stop, his breath completely stolen from him. He felt as though the world had suddenly tilted on its axis, as though a rug had been forced from beneath his feet. He felt the carefully manicured walls of his heart crumbling to ash, leaving him completely and utterly defenseless.
Her palm begins to glow purple, and Brandie gags.
“Mornin’, sunshine.” He says.
“No, it just hurts.” He says. “I’ll be fine.”
Cas levels the iris with a simmering scowl in the rear view. “I don't care.” He growls. “I want it
Sam gasped.
“Night, son.” Chuck smiled. “It really is good to have you back.”
Garnishing every last bit of courage he had, Castiel rose to his feet, picked up the guard’s knife, and walked to the door, knocking against the wood.
“Do we have an address?” Dean asks through a mouthful of spaghetti. He sees Cas give him an exasperated look out of the corner of his eye.
“I also found a sage and rosemary bush.” Castiel points in the direction of the bushes. “Which areー”
as this.
“Open the door.” Castiel commanded.
“That’s me.”
Cas’s eyes flash with want and he nods. With permission granted, Dean shimmies his way down and kisses his stomach before hooking his fingers into the waistband and pulling down the boxers. He tosses them mindlessly in the direction of the floor and bends down to lick the former angel clean. Cas gasps and his oversenitized cock gives a half hearted twitch, his toes curling against the bed.
Naomi watched all of them, regarding them with a calculating, cool gaze. She looked at each of their faces in turn, before settling on Castiel.
“Thank you, Dean,” he says, and Dean can hardly stand the sheer gratitude in his voice. Cas is always so genuinely
The two of them make eye contact, regarding each other warily from the few feet that separate them. The angel looks mildly embarrassed at having been caught sneaking out of Dean’s room this late at night, wearing a piece of clothing that is undeniably the older Winchester brother’s, with obvious sex hair and a hickey gracing his collarbone, blue eyes wide, a blush starting to creep across his face, his ears burning red. Eileen didn’t even know angels could blush.
Cas isn’t a thing, to be owned. The thought that anyone could think of him as such sets Dean’s blood to a raging boil.
Marjorie Porter’s headstone isn’t hard to find at the Hastings cemetery on the edge of town. It’s a large, shining slab of polished pink marble, with a half ogee top, nestled beneath a shady maple tree. The freshly tilled earth from her funeral a few days prior is a dead giveaway as Dean and Cas slowly make their way through the grass towards it. They stop in front of it, and regard it for a moment.
“Shut up.” Castiel could feel his ears beginning to burn with embarrassment. “I just happen to think arranged marriages in this day and age are medieval and officious.”
“We’re back to square one, I guess.” Dean scratches at his ear and levels Cas with a look he hopes says,
we’d come back to your bed and…” He leaves the sentence hanging, just as Dean had earlier that day, and mirrors him as he nips at the lobe of his ear.
Castiel felt his heart do a backflip, his chest growing warm with affection.
“Hey, c’mon,” Dean soothes, tracing the edge of Cas’s anti-possession tattoo on his left pectoral, same as him and Sam. “We gotta get a move on. Sam found Natalia Jennings’ address. We gotta head up to Hastings so we can get this whole iris shit cleared up.”
Dean’s heart swelled, just a bit. “Wish everybody felt that way.”
He didn’t care. This was what was right.
Castiel tries to hide his smile at the brothers’ bickering as he and Dean take their respective sides of the iris’s pot and begin their trek back to the Impala. He helps Sam unload the cart of its canvas bags, adding his own to the pile in the trunk before unloading some of their more perishable items - including the three pies Dean had bought from the vendor - into the cooler in the other footwell. He then very carefully maneuvers the iris into the driver’s side footwell of the backseat. The iris fits nicely, just as he'd hoped, and Castiel very carefully slides in behind it, settling the pot between his knees.
“You try wheeling an iris into the men’s room and stand at a urinal with it next to you.” Cas bites. “I just want this curse
“Typical.” Gabe said. “Anyway, did you get a good look at the bartender? He’s an easy one on the eyes.”
The little tag stuck inside the pot says, “I feel lucky.” The flower is a towering bearded iris, a fuschia purple in color with blue and periwinkle layers. Despite the various other flowers in the greenhouse, it’s still a splash of color against the verdant greens of the ferns and palms surrounding it. It stands a few feet tall – forty seven inches, according to the tag – with its pot sitting atop an upturned one, creating almost a pedestal. Castiel cocks his head as he regards the flower over the rims of the sunglasses he'd found in the glove box of the Impala; something about it seems out of place, but he can’t quite put his finger on what it is without the aid of his angel “mojo.”
“That’s all I’m asking.” Sam says. He smiles. “I’m happy for you both. Be good to each other.”
King Charles Shurley of Caelum, first of his name, was not what most people expected upon meeting him for the first time. He was on the shorter side - Gabriel had inherited that from him - and donned a short and scruffy salt and pepper beard. He preferred soft clothes any day to suits or semi-formal clothes, and was seen in his flannel pajama pants more often than not if he could get away with it. He was rather quiet and a bit of an anxious person most days, and an absolute wreck on his worst. But he was kind, and loved to laugh, and was a doting father and husband. He and Naomi were polar opposites, and yet somehow, they’d managed to build a strong bond and sleep in the same bed every night for over thirty years without smothering the other with a pillow.
“Kids!”
Cas hisses as he presses against the juncture of Cas’s wrist, where a watch strap would sit, if he wore one.
“Sorry, Mother.” Castiel apologized, though he didn’t feel sorry.
“Dean,” he says, voice thick and wobbling. “I just got hit with a
“I do.” Castiel nodded.
Castiel, too, felt a growing panic deep in his gut. Sam had to know that Dean would never allow him to take his place, that he’d die a thousand deaths to protect his baby brother. And yet, Castiel also understood it from Sam’s perspective; had he been given the chance to go back in time and trade his own life for Jimmy’s, he had done it without a moment’s hesitation. He understood what that kind of love felt like.
“Yes, thank you.” He said.
She rolled up the parchment and slipped it back into her sleeve. She stepped back and nodded to the two guards holding onto Dean’s arms. One guard, who Castiel recognized as Gadreel, cut the rope binding Dean’s wrists together and the two of them led him forward. Gadreel delivered a swift kick to the back of Dean’s legs, and he fell, hard, onto his knees. The other guard grasped Dean by the hair and pushed his head down against the block and held him there while Gadreel strapped Dean’s wrists into the leather cuffs on either side of the block, tightening them with quick, hard jerks, and Castiel saw Dean wince as the cuffs rubbed against the raw and bruised skin.
“I’m glad to hear it.” Castiel deadpanned. At the very least, his mother had hardly batted an eye when he had come out as pansexual the summer after his freshman year of college. If anything, she’d been delighted; in Naomi’s eyes, the fact that Castiel was not as picky about the sex or gender of his future spouse made Naomi’s matchmaking all the more broad, opened better opportunities for a good match that may not have been an option should the choices have been down to one gender or another.
Castiel nods, and takes the position Sam instructs of him. On Sam’s cue, Dean tosses him the tennis ball, which he catches without issue.
“Thank you.” Dean takes them from her, tucking them into his pants. He steps forward and gently touches her forehead to tilt her head back to get a good look at her eye. He hisses sympathetically. “Yeah, that’s gonna need stitches. You okay?”
The woman picked up her cappuccino and took a sip, and Dean supposed she was satisfied, since she sat the cup back down without a comment, but she did fix him with a glare that told him that on no uncertain terms was he welcome here.
Castiel couldn’t say anything. It was as if his tongue had turned to stone. He looked again at the mask in his hands, at the rumpled peacock feathers. Had it truly only been just moments ago that Dean had been wearing it, that they’d been dancing, together, in this very room?
Dean rolls his eyes, and leans over to kiss Cas’s temple. “It’s a joke.” He says.
Castiel couldn’t help the smirk that crossed over his face. It was always so easy to banter with Dean.
“You okay?” Dean asks, softly. The pads of his fingers tighten on Castiel’s arm; he is suddenly hypersensitive to the nearly imperceptible pressure and the way it ignites every nerve in his body alight.
Castiel shakes his head, still slightly confused. “I haven't been in contact with a rabbit.”
“It’s called Lobster Butter.” Dean explained. “It’s from Ann Arbor, Michigan. It’s my favorite. Sam got it for me when he went there on a trip once, to tour the U of M when he was considering law schools. I have to special order it these days, but I think it’s worth it.”
“What is it?” He asks.
Fun fact: the crazy lady that wanted 14 kids and corgis was Becky. Just so everyone knows.
“I won’t let that happen.” Cas assured him. “Further, the way Bela treated you was deplorable. I would say you responded much more rationally than others in your position may have. In fact, you acted much more rationally than some of the people I witnessed in New York.”
This wasn’t right. Castiel felt the urge to tell Dean not to do this, to fall to his knees next to him, to put himself between Dean and his sister, to tell everyone here the truth.
They get out of the car, and Dean looks up and down the street carefully to make sure no one is around before he opens the trunk. He passes a pistol loaded with witch killing bullets to Castiel, who conceals it at his hip while Dean tucks his into the back of his pants. Castiel carefully slides his arm into the holster he'd made for his angel blade shortly after he became human, having no means to summon it any longer. The holster is controlled by a mechanism that allows him to pull a pin attached to a chord from where it hangs into his palm with his middle finger, which releases the angel blade into his palm. It has yet to fail him on a hunt, and when he has time between hunts, he's currently working on a set for Sam and Dean, and one for Claire as well, who had proclaimed it “badass” upon seeing it for the first time and asked for her own. Castiel pulls on the canvas jacket he'd bought to replace the trench coat on warmer days, and nods to Dean that he's ready.
“Damn, you were thirsty,” he remarks as Cas holds the glass back out to him.
fucking hates witches.
Castiel’s mask was of a much less frivolous nature than Dean’s. Simple and clean cut, it was made of black satin and raven’s feathers, flared as though in flight, which would occasionally flash blue and purple in the right lighting.
Cas’s smile is worth absolutely everything.
BALTHAZAR: He lives!
“Have a nice day, ma'am,” Cas calls back to her.
He was grateful that the rain called for everyone in attendance to wear cloaks to keep themselves dry; this allowed him to not look out of place, and to better conceal his identity and hide the sword at his hip from view. After having spent several moments taking up different vantage points whilst the guards were too busy with their preparations to take too much notice, Castiel had positioned himself nearest the left side of the dais. Ahead of him, across the platform, he could see the line of trees behind where his siblings were seated. He could see several figures emerge from the path out of the woods and walk towards the open square, and even before they got closer, Castiel recognized Sam’s cloaked figure, and Charlie’s flaming red hair.
The idea of hurting Cas gives Dean pause. It's been a long ass time since he's been with a man, and he's not sure Cas has ever had sex at all, save that one time with the reaper the first time he became human. For all intents and purposes, Cas is still new to all of this, and the trust Dean sees in those eyes when he gently pushes the former angel down onto the bed are enough to make him weak in the knees.
Bela humpfed and didn’t say another word as she sat down in the chair Castiel pulled out for her. She immediately began clicking away at her phone, not even bothering to peer over the small menu stuck in the little holder next to the condiments, though Castiel definitely did.
“C’mon, I made you coffee.” Dean encourages. “Just the way you like it.”
“No!”
“I’m sorry,” he said.
Castiel nods. “Yes, I am.” He says. He looks back at the flower for a moment, still pondering. Dean follows his gaze to the iris and cocks an eyebrow.
“Hey Kev,” he said. “I’m gonna need you to run across the street and see if the grocer has arugula.”
“Sorry about the wait,” he said. “I’ve got someone looking for arugula for you, ma’am. He won’t be long.”
.” Castiel mutters.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean waved him off. “I know.”
“Of course, you understand that with everyone being excited for your return, you have several publicity events you should start to prepare for. There are charity events you will be expected to attend, banquets, parties, the like. I’ve arranged an interview for you in the next two weeks with the local news station, and of course there will be arrangements for potential suitors to visit. I’ve already arranged for Mr. Crowley to tailor a new suit for you, so you’ll have to go down to his shop tomorrow afternoon for a fitting. I’ve also asked Hannah to take over as your PA, so that you’ll be able to keep track of everything accordingly. I have already arranged for her to seek out the most prospective and eligible suitors and send word that you are looking for a match. I’ve already informed her that gender is not an issue, what with your...what was the term you used again?”
Goddammit. He’s fucking whipped, is what he is.
“You’ll pay for this!” Natalia jumps to her feet, dropping the iris. She holds out her hand, and Dean feels the familiar grip on his throat. This time, Natalia picks him up effortlessly, dangling him above the ground, Natalia’s magic wrapping around him like a noose.
would never see Dean again.
Tessa held the kitchen door open for them, on her way to grab an apron from where they were hanging nearest the time clock. Dean patted Kevin on the shoulder as he walked past, and Kevin gave him a half smile, half grimace.
“Wouldn’t dream of it, Mom.” He said.
“Did you know of his identity?” Naomi demanded of him, cutting him off.
“They roughed me up a bit, but I’m alright.” Dean assured him. “Cas, I’m sorry. I never meant for this to happen.”
“I’ve had enough.” Cas growled. “You have been nothing but rude since we arrived here. You’ve insulted my kingdom, my people, my family’s garden, and now you’ve gone and assaulted one of my citizens after subjecting him to several abuses. Whether or not you return to the palace is up to you, but you’re to leave immediately. We will not be exploring this courtship any further.”
“Forgive me, but I must decline any offers of dancing this evening.” He said without turning.
, but that life was behind him.
Cas’s brow furrows. “No, Dean.” He answers. “I feel fine, if thirsty, all of a sudden.”
Cas does as instructed, settling his neck on the towel. Dean uses his hand to cup water and spoon it onto Castiel’s cranium, using the other to shield his eyes. Once he's gotten most of the dirt out, watching it swirl down the drain and leave a thin layer around the bowl of the sink, he pours a generous amount of shampoo into his palm and gently lathers it into Cas’s thick hair, massaging the suds into his scalp, tugging lightly at the bubbly strands.
“You have me.” Castiel told him. “You’ve had me. From the moment I met you, I’ve been yours.”
Gabe steered them down the hall, and Castiel shoved his arm off of his shoulders, feeling too boxed in all of a sudden. He sighed and ran his hand through his hair, trying to stave off the migraine he could feel beginning to form at the base of his skull.
“I’m sorry, Gabriel.” He said. “I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“I didn’t know you worked here?” Castiel said.
“Fuck yeah.” He says. “We’ll figure it out as we go, yeah?”
Dean nearly chokes on his beer, and is about three seconds away from having it come out his nose. He sputters and coughs, setting his beer down on the table before he can drop it. Cas bangs on his back a few times, trying to help him, and Dean gasps for air like a man drowning. He looks at his brother with wide eyes, not daring a glance at Cas.
“I am not going to execute you, Castiel!” Naomi said, and he could hear the anger in her voice. “Now stand aside!”
Dean slowly opened his blurry eyes to find Cas grabbing more napkins from the dispenser on the table, continuing to mop up the liquid running down Dean’s face. He saw that it had completely soaked the front of his AC/DC shirt, too, and though his apron had caught most of it.
“Yes, Your Highness.” The guards agreed, both dropping onto one knee before him.
Sam sifts through the canvas bag. He eyes the homemade almond butter with a critical eye.
if Cas ever found out the real reason. “Our uncle Bobby lives out here. We moved in with him. He owns the body shop I work at when I’m not bartending.”
He sat the cup down on the table and popped the cap of the pellegrino, making sure to pour it so the bubbles didn’t fizz over; years of bartending had served him well. He moved it towards her.
Cas takes another long sip before he puts his mug back on the table, and falls back against the bed with another groan. He throws an arm over his eyes.
Gabriel patted his shoulder. “Good deal.” He said. “Night, bro.”
“Alright,” Cas concedes.
“Thank you.” Cas says.
“The good news is, I don’t think it’s broken.” Sam says, dropping Cas’s wrist. “But it’s definitely sprained. I think we have some ace bandages in the bathroom. I’ll go check.”
“I came to make sure you’re alright.” Dean confessed. “I remember you said a couple days ago how much you’ve hated balls since Jimmy died. I didn’t want you to be alone, is all.”
Dean loved the way Cas threw his head back and laughed, as though Dean had just told him the funniest story he’d ever heard. It would be so easy for him to fall in love with that laugh.
“I know that we have not yet discussed the nature of our relationship or where they events that have just transpired will lead us…” Cas says. “And I know that you find intimacy to be publicly uncomfortable, and I am also aware that I am the owner of a male body, and that you prefer females, so I can understand if you'd like to keep this between us.”
He moves to straddle Cas’s lap on the bed, his hand slipping underneath his shirt to splay against Cas’s abdomen. He seals their mouths together, slowly exploring Cas and the sounds he makes. After a few minutes, he moves from Cas’s mouth to nose at his neck, seeking permission.
He's Dean fucking Winchester, and he can tell the gorgeous man between his legs looking up at him with those too blue eyes and spit slick lips from sucking his cock that he loves him, goddammit.
“Oh ho, so you did!” He laughed, slapping Castiel on the shoulder. “What’d you think, then?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not a damn thing.” Gabe looked out the window, and Castiel could see the way he hid the sadness in his eyes by pretending to watch the lights of the city at night as they passed. “That’s exactly why I did it.”
She makes her way towards the door, gingerly opening it. She slips through the door and gently replaces it. She quietly makes her way down the hall towards the kitchen, where she knows Sam has a stash of tea – or, at the very least, what she assumes is the direction of the kitchen; it’s astoundingly easy to get lost in the labyrinthine halls.
“What are you doing here?!” Castiel demanded softly. “Are you insane?! If you got caught, do you have any idea what the repercussions would be?!”
“How would you know? You only just met the man last night!” Naomi countered.
“Great.” Dean claps his hands together. “In the meantime, I'll make us some dinner. Since Cas is the unlucky one today, he gets to pick.” He turns his gaze to Cas, who looks back at him impassively, though Dean can see the makings of a smile twitching at the corner of his lips (lips Dean can't wait to get against his again very, very soon).
“You’re welcome to,” Cas says, somewhat flippantly as he finishes up the card he’s on. “But we just won another $10,000 here, and I’m willing to bet the next two will be winners as well.”
“Good to know.” Dean wipes his mouth on the back of his hand and crawls back up until they're eye level. Cas doesn't hesitate to reach out for him, and Dean falls easily into the kiss, humming contentedly at the way Cas shifts closer.
It didn’t seem fair, that Castiel could grow to adore someone this much, only to have him stolen from him so violently. He loved Dean so fiercely, the mere thought of being without him was tearing him apart.
. “She’s, what, a ‘66?”
She’d said with a particularly predatory tone, and Castiel did not like it one bit.
“We should get back to the library, and help Sam try to find a cure.” He says, though he’s loathe to end this moment. “The sooner we do that, the sooner we can get rid of that thing.” He nods to the iris, which has been standing in its little cart like a perv, watching them make out for the last ten minutes.
For a split second, Castiel saw Jimmy staring back at him. Even with age, he and his brother had been identical in all but the timbre of their voices, with Jimmy’s being a full octave higher than Castiel’s low growl. There had been times, in the years since Jimmy’s death, when his reflection had seemed like a curse, but now, it was a reminder.
“So where we headed?”
People were going to gather to watch the death of a good man, and they were going to revel in it. They were going to be
Lobster Butter is a real coffee! I’m from the Ann Arbor area, so it’s fairly popular around here, second to Zingerman’s. :)
Dean watched as, almost in slow motion, Princess High n’ Mighty gingerly picked up the plate of salad, and pushed it off the table. The plate shattered, and the greens squished beneath her pointed toe heels as she stomped a foot down onto the mess.
The three of them begin their trek back towards the bunker door, locking it tight behind them as they reenter the garage. Castiel is careful as he wheels the iris behind him towards the library.
“Let’s get inside, then.” Dean stoops and picks up the muddy tennis ball and tosses it into the shopping cart next to the iris’s pot. He looks up at the sky, the wind tousling his hair, and Castiel swallows against the ever present lump in his throat at his best friend’s unattainable beauty. “I think it’s gonna rain again.”
“Lemme see that receipt she gave you,” he says.
Cas interjected then with “Bela!” But Dean had had enough.
Dean knows he can never be the man he was when he woke up this morning at the ass crack of dawn, the man he was before he kissed Cas in the bathroom, the man he was even just before he pulled Cas into his bedroom and pressed him down on the bed.
“So tell me,” Dean asked, his curiosity getting the best of him. “Who was Princess Bitch back there?”
Less than five minutes after he’d sent the text, just as Castiel was shifting through his luggage to find the most nondescript clothes he could, there was a swift series of knocks at the door, and Gabriel let himself in.
“They’d have to catch me first,” Dean grinned.
“Can’t.” Dean said. “Wanna remember this.”
“Bye Sam.”
“I couldn’t.” Castiel reasoned. “I couldn’t let you find him, Naomi. Just as I can’t let you kill him now.”
Gabriel shook his head.
“I’m sure, Dean.” He nods. “You drive the truck; I can drive the Impala just fine.”
“Here you are,” Dean gently sat the plate down on the table, pulling a roll of silverware from his apron pocket. “One house salad.”
Cas hums in acknowledgment and leans back to wipe the tears from Dean’s face. If it were anyone else, Dean would be floundering, embarrassed at his moment of weakness, but with Cas…
Castiel felt a rush of appreciation for his father. It was nice to know that, no matter what, he had his support in this. He felt Gabe nudge his shoulder, reminding him he had his back, too.
They're native to the temperate zones of the Northern hemisphere.” Castiel explains. “They're a very common garden flower.”
“Let’s go check out the house, then the garage, see if we can find anything.” Dean suggests. He reaches out and takes Castiel’s hand, squeezing it gently, but firmly, and Castiel feels the heady rush of warmth and affection in his chest again.
He can feel Cas’s breath against his face. It's intoxicating.
Castiel smiled. “They’re lucky to have a friend like you to help them in their hour of need.”
“Finally decided to take me up on my stripper offer?” He asked.
“What, you think I wouldn’t figure it out when you two finally got your heads out of your asses?” He asks, somewhat nonchalantly. “It’s obvious, guys. It’s been obvious for
“I do believe,” she said, dangerously calm. “That I asked for arugula.
of you. Thank the heavens that Lady Bela recognized him when she did, or who knows what may have happened?”
, Cas, where'd you learn to do that?”
“Exactly!” Sam says. “It's all a little too much of a coincidence. So what I'm guessing is, Marjorie may have royally pissed off somebody at that contest, and if I had to guess, that someone had ties to some powerful witchcraft.”
Before he could get a word in edgewise, Bela continued:
It's incredibly disconcerting sometimes, being human.
And, through the countless nights spent sneaking out of the palace to meet in the forests at the edge of the village, of making up excuses to go into town, of meeting in pubs and alleys and stables, Castiel had fallen deeply in love with the kindhearted green eyed bandit. And at the same time, unwittingly, he had made his first steal; just as Dean had stolen his heart, he’d stolen Dean’s too. Two completely different worlds had collided, but neither of them cared too much. Castiel could still remember the first time Dean had told him he loved him, before pressing him against soft moss in a moon bathed glade in the forest to whisper it into his skin.
“Castiel, I am not doing this to upset you. I am doing this because you have been given ample time to do it on your own, and you have not.”
Dean stumbled forward, eyes still trained on Castiel, and grabbed him by the face, kissing him like a man drowning, and Castiel was the very air he needed to breathe. Castiel gave himself over to it, tears of relief stinging at the corners of his eyes, and kissed him back as more cheers erupted around them.
Dean clears his throat, trying - and failing - to keep his eyes above Cas’s shoulders. “Think you can handle the rest?” He asks.
Dean was unmistakable, even behind the facade of a mask. He wore a simple but flattering green doublet with matted brass buckles over brown breeches tucked into soft leather boots, though these were in a considerably better state of repair than the ones he usually wore. His mask was stunning: iridescent teal and green feathers splayed out on both sides, large enough to cover the entire sides of his face, with a large fan of vibrant peacock feathers on the crown of his forehead, a glass gem at the center. Castiel’s first thought was that Dean had chosen well; green matched his eyes, and he could not imagine any other bird in all the world that could best for Dean’s personality than a peacock, with it’s vivid feathers very much like the soul of the man Castiel had come to know and adore over the lasts twelve months and cocky attitude. He grinned at Castiel, and if it were any other time but the present, Castiel would find himself melting into it, as he had so many times.
“I love you too.” He whispers against Dean’s lips.
“Corgis?”
“Charlie picked it, actually,” Dean said.
He steps back, his eyes never leaving Cas.
Still, Castiel had been a gentleman the entire evening, just as he’d been raised. The next afternoon found him escorting her through the palace gardens, which she’d seemed to enjoy, at least somewhat.
“Hey, I’m Taylor. I’ll take your order whenever you’re ready.” He flips open a notepad and poises his pen over it.
“Hey, just be glad you aren’t the Crown Prince.” Gabriel smirked. “I dunno if you remember, but Mom tried to hook me up with some crazy chicks.”
None, that is, except for one.
“Shit, Cas,” Dean breathes. “You keep that up and this is gonna be over a lot sooner.”
Castiel let out the breath he hadn’t realized he was holding the moment the door clicked shut. He dragged a hand through his hair and down his face, massaging his left temple where he could feel the beginnings of a headache brewing. He made his way over to his bed and flopped down on the bed, closing his eyes.
In seconds, Cas is laying on top of him, bearing him down against the memory foam, kissing him, deep and hungry and
The clock chimed, proclaiming loudly that it was ten o’clock.
“I love you.” He whispered. “
“Prepay $50 while you’re at it.” He says. “And grab me some Mentos!”
Sam instructs him to leave the iris where it is, and Castiel steps three feet away; he still catches the ball squarely in his hand before tossing it back to Dean effortlessly.
“Goddamn, Cas,” Dean says. “We outta go buy ten more of these!”
“He ain’t my
“I love you, you fucking lunatic.” Dean said. “Jesus, Cas, I can’t believe you just…”
As soon as Cas has been divested of his shirt, Dean wastes no time continuing with what he'd been doing, sucking bruises against Cas’s collarbone and ribs as he works his way down.
“Too bad.” Another guard said. “I always did like a show. It’s much more entertaining when they struggle and the blade misses.”
decent things he wants to do to that body. Preferably with his tongue.
“Well, see,” Dean starts without missing a beat. He gestures to Cas. “This guy here is a botany professor for the University of Michigan, and he's doin’ a research study on the attachment styles of plants.”
“Why are you doing this, Castiel?” She asked, quietly. “I know that I have left...that I have not always been the best sister to you. But I cannot imagine why you would rebel in such a way as
“C’mon,” Dean says softly. “Let’s check the garage and get outta here.”
Castiel gulped thickly at the display, knowing exactly what it meant.
A few moments later, he hears footsteps crunching through the gravel of the greenhouse floor, echoing pleasantly against the birdsong beyond the greenhouse glass.
“Then everything’s what you get.”
. Castiel signs to her.
“Uh, hey, Cas.” He said. He gave Castiel the same lopsided grin he’d worn at the bar.
He grins.
“Uh huh.” Gabe said, sounding entirely unconvinced. “Sure.”
“I should probably go into town for them to pick me up.” Castiel muses. “The last thing we want is for Mother to find out I left or for someone who might be watching the gates for a good juicy story about the prince coming home only to sneak out.”
“Dean, I am not going to discuss my masturbatory proclivities with you.” Castiel says.
“Is this all you found?” Dean looks from the rosebud out into the destroyed garden.
And yet, Dean had somehow found himself here, standing with the second Prince of Caelum about to get into his car to go get coffee together in what Cas himself had said he wouldn’t mind calling a date, if that was Dean’s preference.
Cas winces as he stands, flexing the fingers of his right hand.
“I assure you, I can handle him.” Castiel said. “Now,
I always really liked Bela. She was so much fun to hate. However I felt super awful about her backstory so I’m this one her dad is a chill dude.
I’m more important than you’ve ever been or ever will be, and will especially be so if I become the next princess of this kingdom. So best you get some practice in, yes?”
“If it involves sliding down a laundry chute, I’m out.” He said.
“Bitch.”
I toiled and pricked my fingers to the bone pruning and plucking at my rose bushes, making sure they were watered and fertilized, and for what?! For some old hag to just swoop in with a fucking backyard
Dean slapped his hand against his forehead.
Dean pulls the door of the van down, and locks it closed. He wipes his hands on his jeans and grins at Brandie, who’d gone across the street to the urgent care after they’d stuffed Natalia’s body out of view in the barrel. She has nine neat stitches over her left eyelid, and aside from a mild concussion, she’s fine.
Dean groans. Of fucking
“Marjorie Porter, age 84, was found dead in her home a week ago from what appeared to be an accident when the shelf above her bed collapsed and fell on her as she slept. A large geode bookend hit her in the head, and she apparently died instantly.” Sam explains.
“If I’m lucky.” He said, and took a swig from the flask.
“You didn't ruin shit.” Dean tries to make his voice as soothing as possible. “It happens to every guy, Cas. Hell, it's happened to me. Plenty of times.”
Dean shrugged. “I’ve had much worse.”
that iris!”
“Cas?” He asks. “What's wrong?”
Which included the point his mother continued to prattle on about.
“It’s fine,” Dean said quietly, wincing. “Sorry I ruined your date.”
“I'm sorry I was an idiot.” Dean rubs the tip of nose along Cas’s cheekbone. “I'm sorry I waited this long, that I waited until you were cursed to say anything.”
Cas throws his arm out, hand on Dean’s chest.
they're making it to the shower.
But his time with Dean last night was
so much of my precious magic on, giving
NEXT TIME: Castiel begins to entertain suitors.
Castiel hummed. “That can be arranged, later.” He said. “Though, most of my plans for later involve life affirming sex in my bed.”
“Dean,” Cas says, and the reverence in his voice is clear, resonating into Dean’s very bones. “You won't hurt me.”
Dean helps him sit down in the chair, and he frowned, looking down at his best friend in concern. Warning bells were going off in his head like fucking tornado sirens; it wasn’t like Cas to be so clumsy. Something was very wrong here.
He was unsurprised when she voiced it.
“It’s a rosebud,” Castiel explains as Dean examines in closely, sniffing at it. “It appears to be from the genus
Taylor nods and writes it down before he looks at Cas. “And for you?”
Dean looks at the former angel, into those earnest blue eyes, and he can’t bring himself to argue.
If he weren’t being so infuriatingly
for finally taking out the infamous Dean Winchester?!” She spits out. “Killing him will be my shining achievement! I’ll
“You’ve got two working hands, don’t you? You been so spoiled your entire life you don’t know how to open your own door?”
Dean nearly chokes on his own tongue this time, and he buries his face in his hands.
Castiel hurried to Dean’s side, reaching out to grasp hold of Dean’s upper arm. Dean growled around the gag and tried to yank back away from his touch, grunting with exertion and pain as his bonds pulled tighter.
“Years of bartending.” Dean shrugged. He plucked at his soggy t-shirt. “Good thing this is black, or else I’d be worried it would stain.”
“Well,” Naomi smiled. “Everyone is certainly proud of everything you accomplished while at university, but we’ve missed you terribly. It’s been hard to be without you all these years, and you visited so infrequently!” His mother gave him a disapproving look. “I know that you enjoyed your time in New York, Castiel, but you really should have come home more often. You still have a duty to your kingdom, whether you are the heir or not. It won’t do for your people to feel you’ve run off and abandoned them, would it?”
“You wanna come inside, or you wanna wait here?” He asked.
“Alright, Cas, we know that having the iris right next to you is when you're at baseline.” Sam says. “So let's try a foot away, then three, then five, then ten. Sound good?”
Dean gave a huffed laugh, and said, so softly, “I’m going to miss you.”
Castiel unbuckled his seatbelt and reached into his trench pocket for his wallet. “What do I owe you?”
Finally, Dean broke the silence.
“Like that, hm?”
“I also lost a shoe,” Sam mumbles under his breath.
days involving Bela. Castiel and Naomi had met Bela and her father at the airport the day prior, Naomi dressing him in what felt like the stiffest suit he owned, and had schooled him the entire ride about how to woo Bela, to which he’d rolled his eyes when she wasn’t looking, instructing him to remember to kiss her hand and offer his arm, as though Castiel needed to be reminded to be a gentleman.
“So...let me get this straight...you’re kinda like supernatural bounty hunters?” Brandie winces as the gash over her eye pulls as her eyebrows knit together.
Dean observes him as he bites down into the rest of his cheeseburger. He follows Cas’s line of sight to the young couple walking hand in hand down the street; Cas smiles fondly, but Dean can see the hint of longing there too.
“Dean, something is wrong.” He says.
“Alright, let’s hear this theory of yours.” He says.
Naomi gently lifted the mask from his hands. Castiel looked at her.
“Thank you.” Cas accepts the clothes, and Dean has to look away from watching a drop of water from Cas’s still wet hair make its trek down Cas’s neck and into the dip of his collarbone.
“Better?” Dean asks.
Castiel climbed out of the car, and straightened his trench coat. Just before she drove off, Haley rolled down the window and said,
Natalia’s magic’s grip on him lessens slightly as she jerks her head to look over her shoulder. Dean blinks against the black spots in his vision to see Brandie standing by the door. She’s holding Cas’s gun in her slightly trembling hands, having retrieved it from wherever it had clammored in the skirmish. At her side is the iris, still sitting in its cart.
“Goodnight,” Castiel said to his brother and sister, and hastily took his leave.
They lock the door back behind them as they step onto the back patio and head for the garage. Dean tests the side door, and they’re both surprised to find it unlocked. Dean slips inside while Castiel looks once more at the barren flower beds, wondering what they’ll do next. Surely there must be a cure? Sam and Dean had found a cure for the last luck spell they’d encountered; couldn’t they do it again?
“I’d be pissed, too, Dean.” Sam says; Dean can almost see the shrug of his shoulders in his voice.
“Born n’ raised.” Dean nodded. “Lived there until about five years ago, when me n’ Sam moved here.”
!” Natalia snarls. “I was the
“Natalia.” Dean confirms, killing the engine. Cas is already out of the Impala, pulling the iris from the backseat. They both check over their weapons and quietly make their way towards the door. Dean holds a finger to his lips, and makes eye contact with Cas, who nods solemnly. Dean very quietly opens the door, peering inside.
“Never.” Castiel swore. “I couldn’t forget you if I tried. Don’t you dare ask me to.”
“Fuck I love you.”
“She’s been well cared for.”
“Alright, I don’t know about you guys,” Dean says after they’ve cleaned up dinner. “But since you two dragged my smiling face outta bed at ass-o’clock, I’m beat.” He looks at Cas. “You comin’ or what?”
“I’m so sorry!” Cas’s eyes are wide in alarm, and he moves to get up out of the chair, but Dean quickly stops him.
BALTHAZAR: So find one outside their radar. Go to a little dive bar or something off the beaten path that no one would suspect away from your castle. Swim across the moat, wear that ridiculous trench coat you’re so fond of, grab an old baseball cap, pop on a pair of sunglasses, and say your name is Steve. No one will know.
“I–” Cas starts. He shakes his head and places his hands on Dean’s chest, pushing him away. “This isn't real.”
“It’s worth a shot.” Sam agrees. “In the meantime I’m going to see if I can’t find a countercurse, or maybe a hex box to contain it.”
The rest of the ride was filled with small talk between reunited brothers, Castiel telling Gabriel stories from New York, and Gabe returning with details about the Quidditch team he’d help form at the local youth club, where he was the coach. Gabriel liked to grumble about it sometimes, but Castiel knew how much he loved doing the charity and community service events that he did. Gabriel, underneath a carefree, often frivolous exterior, was a soft and caring man. He’d been a good husband, and would have made an excellent father, and Castiel knew, without a doubt, that he would be one of the greatest kings Caelum had ever seen one day.
Dean says the word flippantly, as though it's something scoffable. “You deserve a break now and then, Cas. Find somebody and get laid for once. You don't ever have to ask her out again if you don't want to. But a night of fun never hurt nobody. It's a part of being human.”
Cas smiles then, with his entire face, and threads their fingers together on the sticky tabletop. It's hard to eat his burger one handed, but Dean wouldn't let go of Cas’s hand for anything if it makes Cas smile like that.
He smiles at Dean, and Dean knows there's
As tempting as it is to stay here, and doze in the little bubble of warmth and happiness, Dean’s bladder disagrees. As gently as he can, Dean extracts himself from Cas’s arms. The former angel groans in protest, his face contorting in displeasure, and Dean leans over to gently rub his thumb between his eyebrows. The lines there instantly smooth, and Cas’s breath evens out as he slips back into a peaceful sleep.
Castiel wastes no time hurrying into the garage. Dean has turned on the overhead light, and it standing at the far wall in front of a long work bench. Castiel strides over to him.
Castiel seems to relax a bit, his shoulders no longer as tense as they were, and shakes his head.
He needs another beer.
“You keep that up, and I'm never letting you leave this bed again.” Dean pants. Cas licks a stripe on the underside of his dick in answer, his eyes never leaving Dean’s, and he almost comes right then and there. “
“Hey,” Castiel is pulled from his internal panic by a hand on his arm. He startles and looks away from the spot on the wall he’d been staring at to find Dean’s green eyes looking at him worriedly.
“Stay.” He repeats.
Then, everything went to hell.
“I hope you don’t mind, but I went ahead and put some water on for French press coffee.” Dean said. “I know it ain’t fancy or anythin’, but it’s my favorite brew and I think you’ll like it just as much as any bourgie coffee you can get at Starbucks.”
The two of them made their way to the dance floor and turned to face one another, aligning their palms flat.
“I think Mom would make Dad
Castiel sighed. “You’re right, my apologies.” He said. “I’ll call us a cab.”
He has no doubt in his mind that this yard had once been a teeming, verdant garden, groomed to perfection. Now it is like a desecrated graveyard.
Gabe let go of his shoulder, and shoved his hands in his jacket pocket, whistling a song quietly as he walked away towards his own room in the wing adjacent. Castiel watched as he rounded the corner, and then ducked into his own room, leaning against the closed door and let out a much needed breath.
“Night, Gabriel.”
she was and had always been deeply traditional, and had she found out, she would have done exactly what she’s doing now: pestering the fuck out of him. Castiel had chosen to go to a university in New York City, and it had been his saving grace. Castiel loved his country, of course he did; but his life as a prince of Caelum is sometimes stifling, especially at 18 years old when he’d had the entire world at his feet and couldn’t wait to see it all. Going away for university had been the only way he had seen to get away from it all, to see what life was like somewhere away from his tiny corner of the world, to finally, finally be just another face in the crowd. He’d loved that, the anonymity of it all, of being able to go out with his friends and no one recognized him, no one treated him differently for being the prince. He was just Castiel to them.
“It feels good to say that.” He admits.
If she did notice, she gives no indication as she finishes writing up the pay slip.
“Cas…” Dean gasps. He’s barely clinging to consciousness, unable to hold on much longer. “Cas, no…”
Dean chuckles. He moves Cas’s arm away from his face to kiss him.
Dean chuckles. “Here, sit up.” He instructs.
“Here, lemme see.” Sam takes Cas’s hand in his, and Dean tries to stamp down on the flare of jealousy, hot and striking, that sparks in his gut for a split second. Sam cradles the back of Cas’s hand in his palm, and gently runs two fingers down Cas’s forearm.
“Dean, he is merely stating that he―”
“I am unmarried, and do not have a significant female partner,” Castiel says after a moment, and he hopes the woman did not see the look he gave Dean.
“Thank you.” Castiel said, and turned towards the looming palace before him. He sighed, the weight of everything barreling down on him at once, and Gabriel slung an arm around his shoulders.
“Oh yeah?” Dean asked. “Then why else would you want me out of my shirt?”
“That doesn’t make it right.” Cas shook his head.
Dean pockets his phone and slides into the driver’s seat of the Impala. Cas is still glaring at the iris in the rearview mirror.
“I do.”
“Hang on.” Dean calls back. “Almost got it.”
They don't say anything else as they cross over the city limits into Hastings, and Dean finds the diner where they'd eaten the day before and parks Baby in an empty spot.
But there was also a thrill of sorts. That Dean was
Gabriel snorted. “It’s love, not a zucchini you take to a farmer’s market, bro.”
Cas’s eyes light up, and he sits up in bed, stretching languidly. Dean watches the muscles in his shoulders as they roll under his skin, and his throat feels dry. He schools his dick, telling it to
Dean smiled. “Unfortunately we don’t have arugula.” He said. “But I’d be happy to replace it with spinach.”
“She’s lovely.” Cas’s voice was reverent, and Dean felt his crush on the man tick up another mark.
“No,” Cas says. “You’ve just never called me that before.”
Eileen gives him a look.
The hum he receives tells him that the former angel has no intention of doing so.
“Wait a second,” Dean says after a few lines. He taps the screen. “It says here she'd been in the contest before, but this was the first year she'd won.”
crush coming on, driving at him at full speed, like his Baby on an open stretch of road. It was hard not to like the guy; he was sweet, kind of a dork, and he just wanted to be treated like a normal person. He was also gorgeous, that much was impossible to be denied.
“You alright, little brother?” He asked quietly. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
again. “If this is anything like the time Sam and I found that rabbit’s foot, things could go sideways fast. Didn’t that iris’ last owner die under mysterious circumstances?”
It feels as though they’ve been doing it forever already.
“Besides, I never pegged you for a romantic, Cassie.” Gabe teased, and took another hit from the flask.
Naomi nodded. “Of course. I’ll make sure no one bothers you for the rest of the evening.” She smiled at him. “Rest well. The execution tomorrow is bound to draw quite a bit of excitement.”
Castiel sighed. He knew Balthazar wouldn’t stop pestering until he told him about Dean. For reasons he wasn’t quite sure of, Castiel felt oddly...
“That would be my date.” Cas spoke up, and his voice was steady. “She was asked to leave a few moments ago for throwing a hot cup of coffee in Dean’s face.”
“In a moment.” Castiel said. “Come here.”
Castiel felt his heart thump wildly against his chest, and he wondered if Dean could hear it. He hadn’t felt this way in a long time; it was invigorating.
Dean turns his head to Brandie smirking at them. The left side of her face is bruised, and a cut oozes blood from her upper eyelid, but she’s smiling as she holds out his and Cas’s guns.
He spun on his heels and strode to the wardrobe in the corner. He grabbed his wool cloak and wrapped it around his shoulders, pulling on his boots and pacing them tightly before he took up his sword in its scabbard where it rested by the door.
In the end, Gabe did not make Castiel slide down a laundry chute, but instead simply snuck him out the back staff entrance.
Cas’s smile tells him everything he needs to know.
“I’m gonna kill him.” Dean mutters. “I swear, I’m gonna ice that little shit if he keeps it up.”
“Do you need help?” Dean asks.
“No!” A new voice rang out through the air, and Castiel turned to see the tall frame of Sam climbing the dais, followed closely by Eileen, Jo, Kevin, and Charlie. Bobby and Ellen had pushed forward to stand at the base of the dais, while Donna and Jody hung back, Alex and Claire shielded in the folds of their skirts to keep them from witnessing the scene.
“Don’t worry about it, man,” Dean said. “Seriously, I don’t live far from here, and Tessa should be here in, like, five minutes. I’ll live.”
“What happened?!”
“I remind you that I lived in New York City, Dean.” Cas said, a smile at the corner of his lips. “There is very little that could faze me at this point.”
Dean was going to die tomorrow. He was going to be beaten, spit on, dragged, and held down against the block, hands buckled in thick leather straps keeping him from attempting to escape as an executioner, hooded to preserve his honor, beheaded him. If Dean was lucky, and the executioner’s mark sure, it would be a quick and painless death. If the executioner botched the job, however, or the sword was not sharp enough…
, over on Main Street. Perhaps we could stop in there? I’m in need of a half decent cappuccino and I’m guessing you don’t have a Starbucks anywhere around here, so it will have to do. Perhaps closing my eyes will allow for me to imagine it’s halfway decent.”
Castiel didn’t know. How do you tell your friends, your
“I’m serious.” He said. “If you need anything, just let me know. I can get you a stripper up in here in ten minutes flat without Dad
at it.”
“So guys are pretty much the Scooby Gang?”
“I won’t let you kill him.” Castiel told her. “You’ll have to go through me first.”
Some in his life would call him foolish for feeling so strongly after such a brief encounter, but Castiel couldn’t help it.
“Sam, no!” Dean said, fiercely. “Don’t you dare!”
“We’re gonna figure this out, Cas.” He says, trying to reassure him as best he can. He knows it falls short, but he’s gotta try.
“Well,” Cas sighs, still scritching away. “I figured, if my luck is going to suck, I may as well get something out of it.”
“You've been hexed, Cas.”
He remembered this feeling.
Cas turns out to be a quick study; he’s slowly making his way down Dean’s body, just as Dean had done to him, and it's driving him
“Castiel!” She said in greeting, raising her fist to her heart in the greeting they’d had since they were kids. “Where are you going? Naomi just sent me to fetch you. She and Gabriel are preparing to head to the town square for the execution in about an hour.” She reached out and squeezed his arm. “I’m so sorry about Dean, Castiel. I wish there were something I could do.”
“He’s full of surprises.” Dean says, winking. Sam shakes his head and raises his hands.
“Who was it?”
“I–” Dean gathers every shred of courage he's ever had. He's faced down demons, wendigos, vampires, angels, demigods, and even Death himself, but nothing has scared him like this.
“Is this what you define as helping?” Cas raises an eyebrow when they pull apart.
This has been my white whale fic for over two years! It was originally supposed to be set in medieval times where Dean was a thief and Castiel was a prince who had been sent away to recover from the death of his twin brother, but...that never did come to fruition. So, this was born!
I suck as writing slow burns, so a slow burn is just not gonna happen here. Sorry not sorry.
Dean points to the work bench. On it it is a makeshift altar, the corpse of a dead rabbit rotting within the circle. A bowl of charred herbs sits in front of the rabbit, as well as a flash of fuschia. Castiel reaches out and plucks the spark of color from the chalk circle.
“I doubt it was the honey, or the soap, either. They’re from the same vendors you always buy them from.”
“What, why?” Dean frowns. Sam raises an eyebrow.
“I know what I
Castiel laughed.
“Are those hickeys?”
that Mother arranges for us, and all she could talk about the entire time was the colors she wanted for our wedding and what she wanted to name our corgis and our kids.” Gabe fixed him with a terrified look. “She wanted
“C’mon, bro, I’ll walk you out.” He said. He gave their parents a short salute. “Night, ‘rents.”
“Memory foam.” Dean grins. “It remembers you.”
CASTIEL: No. We just talked.
Dean turns the corner onto the road with the greenhouse. A large moving van sits out front, the engine idling. No one else is in the parking lot, the greenhouse seemingly devoid of any other customers. This time of day on a Monday, that’s not all that surprising.
He reached out and slipped the blindfold from Dean’s eyes and gently tugged the gag from his mouth. Dean coughed, turning his head and spitting stale saliva onto the floor before turning his green eyes to Castiel.
“Alright,” Dean says, turning to Cas. “You sure you’re good to drive Baby home? She got you pretty good back there.”
Hannah stepped forward and produced a scroll from her sleeve, unfurling it.
Dean felt heat flare across the back of his neck at the words “good boy.” He had always hated that phrase; it was demeaning, made him feel like he was seen as more a pet than anything else; he always got the eebie jeebies whenever he heard it directed at another human being, in particular himself. Years ago, for the right price, he’d have let someone call him whatever they wanted, even
It wasn’t until Castiel’s phone rang that he realized what time it was.
“Awesome.” Dean reaches out and grabs Cas’s bicep. “Well, if you're good out here, I'm just gonna borrow Cas to help me make dinner. Kay?”
“Brandie,” Cas corrects. “Her name is Brandie.”
Cas glares down at him. “No.” He says petulantly; Dean doesn't believe him for a second. “Just...sensitive. It felt odd.”
Dean walks underneath the overhanging porch and raps on the window of the door.
“Here.” He says, ignoring the way his voice cracks like a prepubescent teenager.
While Cas took a piss, Dean set about scooping three scoops of Lobster Butter grounds into his French press, and set his kettle on to boil.
“Wait, really?”
Dean jumps and whirls around to find Sam in the doorway. Sam has a knowing smile on his face, his eyebrow raised as he regards his older brother. Dean feels his face heat up, but he squares his shoulders and looks his brother head on.
Dean pulls over at the curb and kills the engine.
“Goodbye, Gabe.”
“There are...worse ways to die, I suppose.” Castiel said, struck by how casually he’d said it, as if he and Dean were having a drink around the fire. It made him feel sick all over again, thinking about how Dean felt
He watched as realization settled across Sam’s face, the abject horror in his eyes. He saw Sam swallow, taking in a shaky breath.
Cas rolls his eyes. “How far I've fallen,” he says coyly, and Dean laughs.
Your brother was married before his twenty sixth birthday, your father and I were married by your father’s twenty sixth birthday, as was his mother before him, and her father before her, and his father before him, all spanning back 300 years.”
Cas raises his head from the pillow. “I believe this is what they mean when they say that the moment is ruined, Dean.” He says, and buries his face back in the pillow.
Together, they make their way towards the bunker proper, beelining straight into the kitchen. Cas wheels his iris in behind him and tucks it into a corner of the library before following the brothers into the kitchen.
Castiel very carefully rises to his feet, gingerly stepping around the broken glass and pie guts still littering the kitchen floor, half holding his breath as he waits for the next mishap to befall him. He sighs in relief when nothing does.
Dean nodded, green eyes wide. “Yeah, man, whatever you gotta do.”
“Does anybody know what’s up with crazy lady out there? Apparently her ride kicked her out and left her on the curb. She’s
Eileen laughs.
“No offense, Dean,” Sam said. “But you aren’t exactly in a position to argue right now.”
, known more commonly as a bearded iris, from the family
“Cas,” he says, slowly moving towards him, hands out so as to not make Cas feel boxed in. “I've always wanted you. This isn't some freaky flower juju; this is real. I swear on Baby, this is real. We’re gonna find a cure for this, and I'm
He watches as Cas grumbles, trundling the iris inside after him. One lady turns back and looks at it strangely for a moment as she’s leaving. He leans against Baby, tilting his head up towards the sky, hands in his pockets. Cas emerges a few minutes later, a plastic bag in hand. He tosses Dean his wallet.
“I don’t.” Dean shrugged. “Andrea’s husband Benny is one of my best friends. Andrea got a call from their daughter’s daycare that Lizzie got sick, and Benny’s running his own restaurant so he couldn’t get away. Anyway, Andrea needed someone to cover the shop ‘til Tessa comes in for the closing shift, so she called in a favor.”
Castiel nods.
Castiel frowns and steps away from Dean, who is still working on the lock, and walks into the backyard. What
“No!” Natalia screeches, and lurches for the iris on the ground. She lets go of Dean, who falls to his knees, choking and gasping for breath. He rubs his sore throat, wincing at the scratchy, raw feeling overtop the hickeys Cas gave him the night before.
Castiel stood aside and waited as the rest of Dean’s family got the chance to hug him, and tell him how glad they were he was alright. Donna kissed him squarely on the cheek.
“Come in!” The cheerful voice of their father called, and they slipped inside.
“I have to urinate,” Cas declares, and climbs out of the car. Dean follows suit and throws him his wallet.
“Because they’re family, Naomi.” Castiel explained. “They’re
Greetings from Quarantine! (Well, technically social distancing...)
, over and over, until Dean is trembling.
, Castiel. They exist for a reason. Without our traditions, the very foundations of our culture would crumble. It is our job as the leaders of our kingdom to uphold those traditions, to keep the cornerstones of our cultural pride strong. It is a burden all royals must bear, love.” She smoothed his hair one more time and smiled. “Everything will be alright, Castiel. Get some sleep. You have a busy day tomorrow.”
“So, uh, I don’t have much, but I can make you something to eat here, if you want.”
“This song will be over soon,” Castiel warned.
“So, when no one is looking,” Natalia continues her tale. “I pluck a petal. A prick of blood and a small sacrifice, and I’ve concocted a simple luck spell. As long as Marjorie was within a few feet of the iris, she was fine. Her luck was amplified. But the farther she got away from it, the more likely she was to...have an unfortunate accident. It was the perfect way to have my revenge without getting my hands dirty, you see.”
What Castiel hated was the feeling of loneliness that had come to accompany him, like a perverse shadow, whenever he attended masques. Yes, he was surrounded by others, but Castiel had found, throughout the course of this last half decade, how easy it is to be alone in a sea of people.
that one of your own was going to die? That he was never coming back? That they’d never see him again?
He looks down at Cas and kisses the smug look of satisfaction from his face.
for every goddamn thing, like he's still coming to terms with the fact that he's deserving of basic human decency.
Dean would die in two hours.
“Exactly!” Sam grins. He holds up the tennis ball. “So here’s what we’re gonna do. We’re going to test the range of the luck by having you catch this ball. That way, we can better pinpoint when, exactly, your luck starts to go south.”
“Cas, wait.” Dean calls. Cas stops and glances back at him; Dean swallows. “Stay.”
he feels as he looks down at the slumbering ex-angel on his chest. Cas is completely oblivious to everything going on around him, and he's goddamn gorgeous, with his hair a mess and his features completely at ease. Dean affectionately reaches up to card his fingers through his soft hair, remembering how it felt to wash it the night before.
Whatever.
“Hey, don’t do that.” Dean’s hands move to cup his face. “We’ll figure this out, Cas. I promise. We’ll find a way to break it.” He presses their foreheads together, and Castiel reaches forward to fist Dean’s jacket in his fist, allowing it to ground him. “Me an’ Sam, we’ll find a way to get this fucking flower juju offa you. I promise you, Cas, we ain’t givin’ up. I ain’t losing you now, not after I’ve just gotten you.”
“What does this have to do with a rabbit’s foot?” He asks.
Gabriel was waiting for them by the unmarked cars parked on the tarmac when Castiel and Naomi descended from the plane onto Caelumean soil, his back against the door, ankles and arms crossed, trademark grin on his face. It was good to see Gabriel smile; there had been a time when Castiel had been afraid he’d never see it again.
“Tell ya what,” Dean waves the $100 winning ticket. “We use this one for a nice trip to see Claire at Jody’s, and save the rest for a rainy day.” He tucks the tickets into the box that houses their fake IDs for safekeeping, and slips it back under his seat. “We’ll talk about it later. Let’s get over to the greenhouse and see what Brenda knows about Natalia, if anything.”
“Yeah. Sure. No problem. Um.” He stutters. “Just...can you put some pants on, man?”
Bobby helped hoist Ellen onto the platform before hauling himself up, and they, too, joined the others.
“You said you were a mechanic?” Cas asked, taking another drink of coffee.
Cas bit his bottom lip, and it was ten kinds of adorable. Seriously, why did this guy have to be a prince and so far out of Dean’s league?
having him, in every way Cas was willing to give - would make him want to run, get into Baby and hit the highway and never look back, make him want to bottle up every emotion and throw it off the nearest bridge.
His phone pinged, and he saw that Balthazar had sent him a text.
“Please understand that I will likely have to entertain other suitors from time to time.” He said, unwilling to leave any cards unturned here. “I am a prince, and it’s tradition. But I...I would really like to spend whatever time I can between them with you. Even if we just sit and talk like we did today.”
“Sure, buddy.” He says. “C’mon, let’s get you cleaned up.”
Gabriel was right; he
Natalia chuckles. “Right, like I’m supposed to believe that, coming from a cohort of the Winchesters?” She smirks. “Poor little optimistic Castiel. Your fall from Grace must have hit you hard on that little noggin of yours, because I’m not going to let you or Dean live.” She steps forward. “Here’s what’s going to happen: I’m going to kill Dean and the little bitch in the cornerㅡ” She nods to Brandie, who’s still unconscious. “ㅡand then I’m going to take what’s left of my iris and let you wallow in their blood before whatever happens to you happens. Don’t worry; you won’t suffer long. Word on the street is, old Marjorie died instantly when that bookend fell on her sweet little head. With any luck,  you’ll just fall and break your neck and it will all be over.”
She winked and walked away, catching up with Sam easily.
“Shit, Cas,” he said, panic beginning to set in. “What if she tries to come after Andrea? I don’t work here, I’m just doing her a favor, and if she gets bad press for this from some heiress…”
“Uh,” is all Dean can manage to get out.
Dean, unable to fight against the exhaustion that pulled at him, safe and warm against Castiel, did as he was told, and was asleep in moments.
“I’m going to take a shower.” He declares. He wrinkles his nose at the way the mud has begun to dry and flake off of his skin. His hair is matted where the mud had splashed into it, and he growls in frustration at the gritty feeling of dirt and sand against his scalp.
“Yes.” Cas responds, voice soft.
“Thanks again!” she says. “Enjoy!”
“You’re family, Cas.” Dean says softly, patting him on the shoulder. “That’s what family does.”
Castiel knew that pain, to lose a brother who had been by your side since birth.
Castiel handed the guard his knife back.
“Lily Sunder has been a loyal employee of ours for almost fifteen years. She’s an excellent driver, despite her lack of decorum at times.”
After a moment Dean pulled back to touch their foreheads together.
“Fine.” Castiel concedes, and reaches out and gingerly picks up the iris’s pot. Its awkward to walk with it, considering how large it is. Dean reaches out and grabs one end of the pot, and they walk with the iris between them to the little desk set up in the corner at the front of the greenhouse, where a young woman with black hair sits in a lawn chair reading a country chic magazine. She smiles as they approach.
He reaches out his left hand, palm up on the table, and wiggles his fingers in invitation. Cas blinks and looks at his hand and then at the backs of the other patrons who'd given them the stink eye.
Just before the door closed, Tessa could be heard screeching from inside, “WHAT DO YOU MEAN THAT WAS THE PRINCE?!”
He wasn’t.
Bela treat someone like this?! One of his own people?! And
The last time Castiel had seen his brother had been just under two years ago, when Gabriel had flown out to New York to visit him shortly after the second anniversary of Kali’s death. Gabriel and Kali had met quite by accident at a hotel called
“Make yourself at home.” Dean said. “Mi casa es su casa, and all that.”
Dean holds Cas’s face between his hands, feeling the slight tremble there as he does. Cas’s gaze is unwavering, and he smiles encouragingly at Dean.
Dean was quiet for a moment, as if deciding whether or not he should speak. “Will you be there?”
He turned his eyes away from Dean back towards the others, and he saw Charlie take a step towards Dean after he’d been passed by them, as if to follow. Sam reached out and grabbed her, yanking her back; he pulled her to him and held her against him as she buried her face in his chest and wept, his mouth against her hair as he kept his eyes trained on their brother’s back as he ascended the steps of the dais.
Castiel jumped to his feet. Maybe he couldn’t save Dean; maybe he couldn’t raise him from Perdition, but he could still make sure that he was alright, that Castiel got the chance to say goodbye. He couldn’t bear the thought of allowing Dean to go to his death without hearing he loved him one last time.
Castiel huffs out a breath and looks at the ceiling. She sees another hickey along the side of his neck.
yes.” Dean agreed, enthusiastically.
“Okay, so I have this idea that your general proximity to the iris may influence the luck associated with it,” Sam explains, slipping easily into what Dean has always called his “geek mode.” “Basically, I think that the closer you are to the iris itself, the luckier you are, but the farther you are away from it, the more the luck wears thin. Make sense?”
Castiel didn’t bother to inform his mother that Inias was both aromantic and asexual; he knew she would have no idea what either of those terms means, and he wasn’t in the mood to try and explain them to someone as complicated and who asked as complicated questions as his mother. He and Inias were good friends, and good roommates, but never would have been compatible any further than that.
been hours that he and Dean had been talking. Three, to be exact.
It was as if Jimmy were speaking to him, calling to him from behind the silvered glass, asking him what the fuck he was doing feeling sorry for himself, when he could be fighting for the man he loved.
“As you can see,” Naomi, Queen of Caelum and Castiel’s mother, said with a small wave of her hand towards the television. “The people are quite excited to welcome you home. We’ve been waiting for this day for quite a while, since you decided to forego a PhD and return home. I just don’t know why it took you a
“But what does this have to do with the iris?” Cas asks, tilting his head and squinting at the little picture of Marjorie next to her obit. Marjorie had been a tiny African American woman, with a crinkly smile that makes Dean think of every grandmother he's ever met, his own notwithstanding.
“Why not? You were just talking to Claire the other day about planting flowers when you gave her the tour of the garden you have outside the bunker. May as well get started, right?”
Dean groans, dick already twitching with interest.
“Yes, Mother.” He said quietly.
“You aren’t dead, and despite the fact that both kingdoms share a name, this is not heaven.” Castiel assured him. “Though there isn’t a doubt in my mind that it is where you will go, someday.”
He wants to be exactly who he is
A guard brought forth a large melon and sat it on the block, and held it in place to make sure it would stay steady and not roll off before he stepped back and picked up the sword another guard handed him. He raised it, and plunged it downward, severing the melon in half with a single stroke.
“I must have done something really good to deserve you.” Dean said softly. “I don’t know how I’m ever gonna be able to be worthy of it, but I’m grateful.”
“Slice him once for me, Your Highness.” He said, and closed the chute.
sounds lovely. I’d be happy to accompany you there.” He said. He gestured back towards the palace. “Main Street isn’t far from here. We can walk.”
“Shh, it’s alright, I got you.” Dean soothes as Cas struggles to find his breath, shaking slightly in his arms, “I got you, sweetheart, it’s over.”
Castiel smiled softly at the mention of his sister in law.
“Excellent.” Cas smiled, and then turned his attention to Tessa. “Will you be alright if we leave?”
that he would be beheaded rather than hanged. That he felt lucky to have been granted one death over another.
“Yeah, no, you’re right.” Sam regards Cas for a second, frowning. “Let’s get that wrist wrapped, then we can try to figure out what’s going on.”
Castiel closed his eyes and shuffled closer to his bandit. He fell asleep to the steady feeling of Dean’s breath against his chest, and the beat of Dean’s heart beneath his palm.
“How do you feel about grilled cheese?”
Castiel followed his brother inside, into the familiar plush surroundings of the palace. They walked straight through the ornately decorated hallways until they reached their father’s study, where the door was slightly ajar. Gabe used to knuckles to knock against the thick mahogany.
it, Naomi. He’s the best man I’ve ever met, and I
“Fuck yeah it is.” Dean smiles at him. “It's a fucking vow.”
“Uh, you and Cas are headed back to Hastings tomorrow.” Sam corrects. “I’m staying right here.”
“Mom’s trying to do damage control as we speak, but fair warning, she’s pissed.” Gabriel said. “Bela’s threatening to go to the press, saying you ran off with a waiter after he verbally abused her and threw her food on the floor when she asked for an exchange.”
“Once or twice.”
“Yeah.”
Kali had been killed instantly, and had suffered no pain, the doctor had told them.
Castiel sighs and looks at Dean as his brother exits the kitchen. Dean has a look on his face that Castiel can’t read; his eyes are soft as he frowns at Castiel, his shoulders tense. He’s chewing the inside of his cheek, seemingly lost in thought as he stares at Castiel’s shoes.
that?! It looks like a mutant.”
“Uh huh,” Cas mutters. His breath is warm against Dean’s collarbone. Within just a few minutes, he's snoring quietly, and Dean huffs out a laugh.
“Right, Brandie,” Dean nods. “Still got her number?”
“I don’t wanna know.” He says quickly. “But, uh, it’s good you’re here, because I found Natalia Jennings’ address.”
“They’re talking about us, I just know it.” Dean grouses, eyeing the two of them as he takes a long drink from his cup of coffee.
Cas’s stomach growls loudly, and he looks down at it, glaring as though it's betrayed him.
do I have to come into conversations at just the right time?”
More cheers. Castiel looked at his feet and saw Dean’s mask lying on the floor where Bela had dropped it. He stooped down to pick it up.
” He turns and presses a kiss to Dean’s palm, a tenderness Dean has never known, and looks Dean directly in the eye. “You are not now, nor will you ever be, anything but everything to me.”
“Dean, are you alright?” Castiel dares. Dean starts and looks at him.
He can't bring himself to let go. He's closer than he's ever been, and he just can't let go. Not now. He’ll never find the courage to do this again if he does.
The car pulled up the gates and drove through as the watchman buzzed them in, slowly climbing the hill towards the palace. The car driving Naomi had already arrived, and pages were busy gathering Castiel’s luggage from the trunk and maneuvering it inside. Naomi was nowhere to be seen; she’d likely already gone inside to meet their father and make sure he’d remembered to dress in something other than his favorite bathrobe to welcome his youngest son home. As domineering as she could be, Castiel knew his mother loved his father and all his eccentricities, even the ones that absolutely annoyed her, such as the way he would often lock himself in his study for days on end writing, or his penchant for walking about the palace halls in his pajamas and slippers well into the afternoon, and his preference for being called “Chuck” rather than “Charles,” which she insisted was “much more regal.”
Sorry for the long wait; this year has been, to say the least, awful.
“What?” He asks, frowning. “Something on my face?”
“Thank you, Lydia.” Naomi nodded to her, dismissing her without having to say so.
water to tide us over?” She looked at the water glass in front of her with disdain, as if plain, uncarbonated water was the most disgusting thing she’d ever seen.
Lily turned around in her seat, her one good eye blazing with annoyance.
“You love potatoes!”
Dean had been incredibly tempted to ask him for his phone number the other night, but one thing, one little, glaring, totally not an elephant in the room thing had stopped him from asking.
She throws a thumb over her shoulder.
“Charles!” Naomi gasped.
Here's an extra long chapter to make up for it! Enjoy!
Cas obeys, raising his arms above his head. Dean takes a deep breath and tries not to let his hands shake as he takes hold of the hem of Cas’s Metallica t-shirt and pull it over his head, keeping his touch as clinical as possible. He’s touched Cas plenty of times; it shouldn’t be nearly as hard as it is.
Castiel paused. “Let’s just say I work in the family business, and there are certain things that are expected of me that I am not sure I am able to fulfill.”
"If your goal is to get me out of the bed," he grumbles, "That's not the way to do it."
He was debating between a club sandwich and something called a fragel when two water cups were placed on the table and a very familiar voice rumbled,
Bela just smiled sweetly and wrapped her arms through the one Castiel had offered her.
“I checked on my way back, and yeah, it’s stopped. It’s still cloudy, but I think the storms are past us.” Sam answers.
Dead silence fell across the crowd as the guard stepped forward and raised the sword high into the air.
“I’m the one who bought the iris,” Cas says. “And you can have it. You lift the curse on me, and you can take the iris and leave town. We won’t follow you, won’t try to track you down. We’ll let you live.”
Dean laughs. “That is
Cas laughed beside him. “I don’t know how I ever thought I could go anywhere in this city and not get recognized.”
the gesture is.
“I believe it’s safe to say that Bela found her way back to the palace, then?” Castiel surmised.
“Hey, you gave it your best shot.” Dean grinned at him. “It’s not your fault I have impecable observation skills.”
“You're gettin’ kinda long there, Shaggy.” He says. “I'll give you a haircut if you want.”
“You’d kill,” Dean gasps. “An innocent old lady? All because she won a damn flower contest?!”
“So,” Dean puts his hands on Cas’s hips, grateful that the greenhouse isn’t on the main stretch of road. Hastings is a pretty cool city, but Nebraska is still a red state. He pulls him closer. “Whatcha gonna do with the rest of that iris?”
“Fuck yes,” he breathes, and Cas kisses him as he fumbles at Dean’s belt. He eventually manages to free it and drags the zipper down; even though it all only takes a few seconds, each one is agonizing to Dean. Cas moves to copy Dean’s earlier conquests on his throat, and he moans when he feels teeth sink into the fleshy part of his neck where it connects to his shoulder.
He wants to go further, but that damn shirt is in the way, Bugs Bunny leering up at him like some weird cartoon voyeur. He stops and kisses Cas underneath his ear.
“Ahhh, the joys of living in Tornado Alley,” Dean grunts as he opens the door and gets out of the Impala. He hits the button to close the garage door just as lightning cracks outside, thunder booming. “At least we live underground.”
“I believe so, yes.” Cas answers. He looks down at his naked torso and muddy jeans. “I did not grab a change of clothes, however.”
Mom ever finding out. Trust me.”
“Yeah, yeah, whatever.” Sam waves his hand, still not looking up.
Castiel smiled. “Yes, you’ll see me again very soon, Dean.”
“It’s good to have you home, Castiel. We’ve all missed you.” Chuck said and clapped Castiel on the back as they pulled apart. He leaned in closer and whispered, “Your mother annoy the shit out of you yet?”
“Well, you are still my buddy, in a way,” Dean shrugs. “You’re still my best friend, Cas. The best I’ve ever had. I just happen to live with you, shower with you, and sleep with you, especially in the Biblical sense.” He waggles his eyebrows and Cas rolls his eyes, but the smile on his lips only widens.
“Caaaaaaaaaasie.” Gabriel sing-songed from the other end of the line. “You got some ‘splainin’ to do.”
“ーused in hex bags, I know.” Dean finishes for him. “Did you ever check the iris’ pot for a hex bag?”
Dean comes, there in their own little universe, tears running down his temples back into his hair, with Cas kissing him and whispering unintelligibly in his ear, and it's better than anything Dean has ever felt. It's the best orgasm of his life, whiting out his entire awareness, intense pleasure coursing through every vein, igniting every cell. In that moment, it's as if Cas is once again remaking him as he did when he pulled him from hell, shaping him with reverent words whispered against flushed skin, imbuing his very being with love and purpose.
Dean quickly ushered Cas towards the back door.
“Anytime.” Dean smiles back. “It might take a couple days for that wrist to start to feel better. Seriously, if you need help with anything, anything at all - washing your hair, shaving—"
Cas grunts in reply, rubbing blearily at his eyes, leaning on one elbow for support. Dean hands him his coffee mug, which he takes a long drink from, despite still being piping hot.
“Yes, Dean, it’s me. Hold on.”
He made it to the marbled path, and promptly emptied the contents of his stomach into the nearest bush.
“No.” He said. “But I do need your help. Do you know of any bars around here that won’t bring too much attention to myself?”
“I capisce.” Castiel answers, but his resolve holds.
At that moment, Tessa pushed her way into the cafe, a look of confusion and concern written plainly across her face. Just before the door closed, the shrill, angry voice of Bela could be heard screeching various obscenities.
“I’m sorry, too, Cas.” He said softly. “I’m going to lose my brother, but you’re going to lose him, too. In a way I won’t.”
“Sam.” He said, relieved.
“I will.” Sam promised. He hoisted himself onto a low ledge of an ivy covered parapet, where it was easy to jump to the height of the outer wall surrounding the palace and back into the city below, where Castiel assumed their horses were waiting for them: Sam’s bay gelding, Ruby, and Dean’s beloved black friesian, Baby. He could hear Sam cooing to them quietly, and two sets of hoofbeats were heard running into the night.
“Over here, Dean.” Castiel calls back, and a few seconds later, Dean rounds the corner.
Ahem.
“Yes, Dean.” Cas answers, and Dean turns back. Cas has already pulled the boxers and sweatpants on, leaving the sweatpants just where he'd kept the towel, low low
“This’ll do the trick.” The guard said, kicking one of the halves of melons away as he cleaned the blade of the knife. “Sorry to say it won’t be much of a show, but at least it’s sure to kill Winchester right and proper.”
“Ticklish?” He asks.
“You're welcome.” Sam smiles warmly at him before he glances at Dean. “Dean, help me get these bags into the kitchen.”
In his heart of hearts, the little voice that was the conductor of the crush train currently speeding through his brain was screaming “all aboard!” Dean didn’t dare allow himself to hope that Cas actually meant it as a
Dean hums. He gingerly hands the rosebud back to Castiel, who slips it into his pocket; it seems wrong, somehow, to just leave it.
“I doubt Crowley would be of any assistance,” Cas says. “He would likely view this as a waste of his time, anyway. Especially if you asked to involve his mother.”
“Sure you can!” Gabriel interjected. “You’re the Queen, Naomi, you can do whatever the hell you damn well please when it comes to these kinds of matters. You can declare that Dean Winchester has paid for his crimes, and under due process of the law and with your rights as Queen, you’ve pardoned him.”
Cas rolls away from him, groaning wretchedly and burying his face in the pillow next to him as he curls into a ball.
“There?” Sam asks, and Cas nods.
“Dean.” Castiel felt the emotion rising within him again. “Don’t talk like that.”
There's anguish in his voice, and Dean can't stand it.
Cas is a goddamn
Dean runs a hand over his face, trying to hide the way his ears and cheeks are burning in embarrassment. He looks at the smug face of his brother and leans back in his chair.
” Natalia demands. She whirls on Brandie. “You sold that iris to the fucking
“Fries okay?” Taylor asks.
“I have to marry before my twenty sixth birthday. I
Even if Dean tried to tell them, tried to speak out for himself and his cause, Castiel knew that those he’d stolen from would hear none of it. The people he’d stolen from didn’t give a whit what Dean’s reasons were. They just wanted him to pay.
Naomi smiled a tight lipped smile, and for a moment, Castiel thought he saw pity in her eyes. She reached out and ran her fingers through his hair, like she used to do when he was very young.
Cas smiled back, and Dean became hyper aware of how close they were sitting on his couch. He cleared his throat, and sat his mug on the table and stood, wiping his suddenly sweaty palms on his jeans, hoping Cas wouldn’t notice.
“Is there any way to find out who else was in the contest? Anyone Marjorie would have made an enemy of?” Cas asks. Sam shrugs.
“Your Majesties,” the flight attendant - a pretty young woman named Lydia - smiled as she stepped into the cabin where Castiel and his mother were sitting. “We are about to descend into Caelum. If you wouldn’t mind securing your seatbelts, that would be wonderful.”
They don't say anything else for a while, content to simply lay with one another and trade languid kisses between them until finally the feeling of dried come flaking off his chest squicks him out enough to speak up.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel said again.
“Hey, little brother!” Gabe pushed away from the car and grabbed Castiel in a big bear hug. “Long time, no see!”
As a prince, everything about Castiel belonged to other people. He belonged to his people, his kingdom, his family honor, his traditions. His words and actions reflected who he was in association with, those he was meant to represent, meant to lead. Everything about his life was scrutinized, put upon a pedestal to be seen and apraised and judged.
“That’s the idea.” Cas grumbles grumpily. He scratches off another ticket, and Dean sees he has four more in his lap. He hands the next one to Dean, who blinks at the $10,000 winner symbol shining up at him from the shiny cardstock. Filaments of the scratch powder stick to the pads of his fingers.
“Still, I do intend to make up for it.” Cas insisted. And, as if reading Dean’s inner turmoil, he added, “As for Bela, don’t worry about her; I’ll handle any fallout she may attempt to dole out.”
“How about this,” he growled. “You get your bitchy ass out of my café.”
BALTHAZAR: So is weed.
Castiel closed his eyes, and sent a prayer of thanks to the heavens, hoping that even if his brother couldn’t hear it, an angel would deliver it to him.
“Thank you, Sam,” Cas mutters. “I just don't know what's gotten into me…”
Castiel swallows thickly, his hand tightening on the handle of the cart. Anxiety is clawing its way up his esophagus, threatening to suffocate him as the sinking feeling in his gut tries to pull him under.
“I am aware of that, Dean.” Cas glowers, and if he weren’t so worried, Dean would laugh at how closely it resembled Sam’s bitch face. He rubs at his injured wrist, and suddenly refuses to meet Dean’s eyes. Several seconds pass in silence between them before Cas looks up at him.
“Lady Bela Talbot.”
A tall young man with long brown hair rounded the corner. He held up his hands in surrender, stance apprehensive, and Castiel’s shoulders slumped immediately when he realized he recognized him.
Cas’s blue eyes are shining with mischief. “First one home tops.”
“Anytime, Dean. See you around.” Kevin said. He looked past Dean at Cas, and his eyes got comically wide. “Holy shit, uh…”
Huh. He hadn’t even noticed it had slipped out. He says as much, and Cas smiles softly.
Within seconds Dean had Castiel in his arms, kissing him soundly. Castiel raised his hands to cradle Dean’s bruised face, and kissed back. Dean tasted of blood and the dirty cloth of the gag, but Castiel didn’t care.
Bela was abrasive on the best of days, and absolutely unbearable on her worst. Today was one of those days, though Castiel couldn’t imagine there were any particularly
“No.” Castiel moved minutely closer to Dean. “Kill him and you kill me with him.”
) when Castiel had still been an angel, since he'd become human - and thus unable to sense his longing - Dean has made no indication of interest in Castiel; at least, no more than usual, and definitely nothing that seems as though it’s going anywhere. He'd welcomed Castiel into the bunker and on hunts with open arms and all the PB&J Castiel could eat; had taught him how to shave with a straight razor (with the grain so as to avoid ingrown hairs); and strip, clean, load, and fire a gun, but he'd never given any indication that he thought of Castiel as anything other than his best friend, his brother in arms.
“I’ll be back.” He says, standing. “I have to use the restroom.” He glares down at the iris as he takes hold of the handle and wheels it behind him. Dean chokes back a chuckle. He really shouldn’t be laughing, he knows, because Cas’s grumpy, inconvenienced facial expressions aside, a cursed object is nothing to goad about, especially a luck curse. But despite the seriousness of the situation
“Whoa, whoa, don’t move!” He says sternly. Cas stops and slowly sinks back into the chair. “I don’t know what’s gotten into you, but don’t move until we figure out what it is, got it?!”
He walked along the corridors, the heels of his boots tapping against the rough cobblestone, announcing his approach to any who may be listening.
Naomi gave them a short nod, and turned to walk down the steps of the dais back towards the palace.
buddy.”
“I’m sorry.” He apologizes, and shakes his head. “If Natalia Jennings is gone, then we have virtually no way of tracking her, Dean.” He looks at the iris, at the velvety texture of the petals. “If we cannot find a way to lift this curse…”
Dean sighs and gets up.
Another stab of pain coursed through Castiel.
He led Dean into his bed chambers, and closed the door behind them, setting the latch to lock it. Dean surveyed the room, nodding approvingly.
But he knew he couldn’t stay. He would have to go, leave Dean behind. It would be bad, for both of them, if they were caught this way.
“It's scientific name is
Cas looks down at the flower in his hands. It’s a little wilted, now that it’s been broken, but the color is still stark against his tanned hands. He considers it for a moment before he looks back at Dean, big blue eyes serious.
Dean led the way across the large parking lot behind the strip where Andrea’s was nestled, towards his Baby, parked at the far back of the lot.
, and you still find something worth wanting in me.” Dean presses a kiss to Cas’s forehead; Cas lets him. “That...detachedness had nothing to do with you, or how I wanted you, Cas. It had everything to do with me, and how I'm...I'm poison. I infect and hurt and break everything and everyone I touch. I mean, fuck, Cas, you gave your
“Need help with the shirt?” He asks.
He had kissed Dean. Granted, it was just a kiss on the cheek, one that could almost be considered chaste, but it was a kiss, all the same.
It broke Castiel’s heart to know that Dean likely thought that Castiel had broken his promise to see him through his death, and had abandoned him in his final moments.
“Dean, you are the most wanted bandit in the kingdom with a sizable bounty on your head. Most of the people out on that floor are people you’ve stolen from, Dean. Any one of them would love to see you hanged.”
“Cas, man, you
(Also, I have a corgi (his name is Argo and I adore him), and I assure you, 14 is entirely too few!)
BALTHAZAR: Well then just sneak out and find a bar. Have a couple drinks, pop back home.
And yet, Castiel could not deny that he wanted to get to know him better. That there was something about Dean that intrigued him.
He made his way out into the hallway and down the stairs. As he did, he ran into Hannah, Gabriel’s chief lieutenant and one of Castiel’s friends since childhood. Hannah was one of the only people who knew of his feelings for Dean, having caught Castiel sneaking back into the palace late one evening while she’d been on patrol.
Bela approached them, and, without preamble, grabbed hold of the mask on Dean’s face and yanked it off, revealing his identity to the room.
“You were pretty badass.” Dean praises her. “That Sabrina line? Genius.”
Dean throws his head back and laughs. “God, I fuckin’ love you.” He says affectionately.
The idea of Cas watching porn for getting off and learning how to give a blowjob is frankly the hottest thing Dean has ever pictured, and he's got
“None of this is your fault, Dean.” Castiel assured him. “I shouldn’t have lost track of time. I’ll calm Bela down, explain everything to my parents. All will be taken care of.”
Naomi sighed and massaged her temple with her hand. “Yes, you’re right.” She looked at her youngest son. “Your room is as you left it last, Castiel. I had the attendants put fresh sheets on your bed, and you’ll find a fresh log in the fireplace should you choose to light it, but it is otherwise untouched. I had the pages take your luggage there.”
“Let’s go home.” He whispers. He turns his face and kisses Dean’s jaw. Dean feels him grin against his skin. “What was it you said when we got up this morning? You
it's amazing. He sinks his fingers into Cas’s dark hair and gasps Cas’s full name; he tries to remember how to breathe. After what feels like hours but could only have been about a minute, Cas hums and pulls off.
Besides, it’s true what they say, about people looking younger when they sleep, although Eileen has no idea what Sam looked like when he was younger; the Winchesters are not ones to keep family photo albums. For Sam, maybe it’s not so much that he looks younger, than it is that he looks
“Yeah, I’d like that.” He said quietly. “You’re pretty cool, Cas. I’d like to see you again, too.”
“Well, yeah, I’m concerned.” Dean says. “You might be hexed - or worse, cursed - Cas. That’s definitely a reason to be concerned.”
Natalia rolls her eyes. “The Winchesters, you idiot.” She says. “Dean here and his brother are the most notorious hunters of the supernatural out there. Pretty boy there,” she gestures to Cas. “Is an angel.”
He got to the corner of 18th and September St. just in time to see a grey Prius pull up to the curb. Castiel jogged towards it, and a young woman with purple hair leaned out of the window.
“Dean,” Castiel took him by the arm and dragged him away from the crowd, into a secluded corner of the ballroom. “You
Castiel knew he wouldn’t be missed; after all, he’d said he was retiring for the night, and Naomi was a queen of her word and would not allow anyone to disturb her youngest brother, who had just nearly been accosted by a thief in noble’s clothes. And, youngest prince or not, Castiel was still a prince of Heaven, and it would not be difficult for him to gain entry to the prison and make sure it was kept secret.
“Cas, man, I can't understand you.” Dean says, still rubbing small circles into the warm, flushed skin of his back.
Cas is gorgeously sensitive, and Dean takes his time mapping out every place that makes him tick, makes his gasp and moan and clench his fist in the bedspread. Dean flicks the tip of his tongue against a nipple, and Cas jolts beneath him.
“Who did you sell it to?!”
“What?” Castiel looked at his brother. “You’ll make a great King one day, Gabriel.”
“Thank you, Hannah.” He said. “Please tell Naomi that I have urgent business to attend to in town, but assure her that I will see her at the execution.” Castiel said.
so much.
Dean led the way to the back of the building, opening the door that led into the back stairwell. A flight of stairs to his left led to his apartment, whereas the door immediately in front of them led to the kitchen of the Roadhouse. Dean motioned for Cas to follow him up the stairs.
Castiel sighed and Gabriel laughed, clapping him on the shoulder.
Laying here, naked as the day he was born with the man he's pined after for nigh on a decade pressed warm and heavy against him, Dean supposes that none of this should come as any sort of surprise. He and Cas have been caught in this dance for as long as Dean can remember. They've always been hurtling towards one another, always destined to collide, to end up here, in this moment, wrapped together in one another’s arms. Nothing has ever felt as
“And that is?”
expected to find someone within the next year.” Naomi intones. “Caelumean traditional law states that–“
Dean curses his inner monologue and smiles at his best friend.
“Goodnight, Gabriel.” Naomi said, a disapproving lilt to her tone. “Goodnight, Castiel.”
“Good.” Castiel kissed him again. “It’s no less than you deserve.”
she’s made kids cry.”
They don’t speak again as they drive through town, with Baby’s rumbling purr the only sound between them. Dean itches to stop her on the side of the road and kiss the sullen look off of Cas’s face, but he knows that letting Cas be a grumpy bastard until he snaps out of it himself is the only way to ensure that divine wrath doesn’t get turned on him, so he fights the urge.
Gabriel clasped his hand on Castiel’s shoulder, and gave him a serious stare.
on his pillowcase.
Castiel and Sam had been making trips to the farmers market somewhat of a regular thing the last few months. Since Castiel had officially given up his Grace and Fallen, the Winchesters had set it upon themselves to make sure that Castiel got the most out of his human experience this time around. While Dean educated him on how to live fast and die young, namely through talks of sex, booze, rock and roll, and greasy foods, Sam had taken it upon himself to teach Castiel the more mundane, quieter side. He'd been the one to teach Castiel how to use the washer and dryer, how to get grass stains out of the knees of his jeans, how to tell an unripe avocado from a ripe one, and when he'd asked him if Castiel wanted to join him on a trip to Hastings to go to the farmers market for a few herbs for some of their hex bags, Castiel had agreed.
“You snuck into my masquerade to seduce my youngest brother so that you could steal from us?” Naomi said, her voice as sharp as steel.
“Take me, too.” Charlie stepped forward to stand beside Sam. “Dean’s my brother, too.”
family, just as much as you and Gabriel. I love them all. Some…” He dared a glance down at Dean, who stared up at him, green eyes wide. “In more profound ways than others.”
“It has!” Gabe insisted. “And anyway, did you get my text? About the bartender?”
Haley shrugged. “Consider your advice an advanced payment.” She said.
Bela scowled. “Aren’t you going to open the door for us?”
He throws open his bedroom door and stalks inside, beelining for the dresser to grab a pair of sweatpants. He yanks off his shirt, and turns to find Cas standing awkwardly in the doorway, the hand not holding the cart clenching and unclenching at his side. He looks shy, chewing on his bottom lip.
“And then suddenly she just up and dies in some freak accident the day after she wins, and then Cas here buys the iris and gets cursed? Sounds pretty screwy, you ask me.”
“Let him go!”
CASTIEL: Like I could drink an entire liquor store.
BALTHAZAR: That’s always an option.
Dean brushes his teeth, and runs a hand through his hair in an attempt to tame some of the evidence of the previous night’s sexcapade. Two hickeys adorn his throat, one near the bolt of his jaw and the other where his shoulder and neck meet, loud and proud and undeniable in their existence; he presses against the one on his jaw, relishing in the slight stinging ache. Dean doesn’t care; they stand as a testament to what was frankly the best sex of Dean’s life, and he can’t bring himself to be ashamed of them. Cas has several dotting his body from his own mouth, marking the former angel as
There truly is something about this flower that almost seems to be...calling to him in a way Castiel can't quite put his finger on.
Dean strides up to them, face set in an expression Castiel has learned means he's worried, not angry, despite the downward turn of his lips, and furrow to his brow. It does nothing to take away from his beauty.
“It’s just a flower!” Brandie defends, trying to put as much space between her and Natalia as possible, but Dean can see she is literally backed into a wall. “What is so special about it that you need it that badly?”
“Likely in the most well guarded cell in Perdition prison.” Castiel answered. “Awaiting his execution tomorrow at noon.”
“Take him away.” Gabriel commanded, and the guards hauled Dean to his feet. He met Castiel’s eye for a single moment before the guards dragged him away.
“You’ll have to forgive Lily,” Castiel said as he gently ushered Bela away from the car towards the café. “She doesn’t have much of a filter.”
Dean grins, and pulls Cas into a crushing kiss.
“So whatcha thinkin’?” Dean asks as he picks up and opens his own menu. He’d gotten the pancakes yesterday, since it was still breakfast time, but today he’s thinking a burger. “Their cheeseburger looks good.” He points to the salad options. “They have a kale salad.”
with every flick of Cas’s clever tongue as he continues to swallow him down like he was fucking
This was the block.
“I mean, I like it.” He said. “Cars are like a puzzle. You just have to figure out how to put it together. I really love getting my hands in there and figuring out what’s wrong and then figuring out how I can fix it and make it run. I dunno, it’s kinda cathartic, in a way, if that makes sense.”
“I don't have a mother,” Castiel says, because it's true.
” Natalia spits. “Now, thanks to that old hag, I have to start over somewhere! I had established myself here, had gained popularity and prestige and recognition, but now? No one is going to give my roses even half a glance!” She leans in close, and Dean can smell her breath as she breathes into his ear.
A witch that has disappeared without a trace.
Later, he promises, he’ll bend him over the hood, and show him some of the finer advantages of the human experience.
He watched their pilgrimage into town until they all came to stand closely together at the edge of the crowd. Bobby had his arm around Ellen’s shoulder, Ellen looking completely stone faced and like she was barely keeping it together  as she gazed upon the platform where her adopted son would lose his life. Jody and Donna each held the small hands of their girls, Claire and Alex, and Castiel could see that Donna was wiping away tears. Kevin and Jo leaned silently against one another, taking comfort in the other’s presence, while Charlie, Eileen, and Sam came up the rear, making it easy for Sam to make a clear getaway, should he be spotted and recognized. Castiel felt a pang of guilt, of something akin to shame as he watched them; he should be with them, offering them comfort, explaining what it was he was about to attempt. But he didn’t; moving would compromise the position he’d carefully mapped out and claimed in the crowd, and Castiel could not afford to take the chance of being unable to reach the dais in time should he move. Instead, he watched the friends he had come to consider family as they huddled together in the cold rain as they waited for their friend, comrade, leader, son, and brother to be brought forth to meet his death.
