“He has to be in the area then.” Roman grinned, but Sam felt sick to his stomach. That wasn't enough time for Dean to get out of there, especially with Charlie watching the trains and airlines.
“We’re going to have Abbadon to plan it. She’s the best party-planner around, and we only have a week until Halloween,” Castiel said.
The director of the C.I.A. continued to pace while he was talking, looking each person in the eye as he passed them. “Lucifer is writing a book about the agency’s history in Europe and the Middle East,” he said seriously. “He’s going to name names. He’s threatening us that if we don’t put him back in power by the end of the year, he’s going to release everything he has on us.” Sam sucked in a shocked breath along with a few other agents in the room. “In this interview, he talks about how he’s just survived an assassination attempt. He blames the C.I.A. and says that he has proof.” A few agents exchanged glances. Sam would do just about anything to be able to disappear right now. “The President wants to know if there’s any truth to these allegations,” the director said harshly. “I told him that nobody on my senior staff would be this careless, but we need to get control of this nevertheless.”
Dean stops outside of his bedroom door. He tries to force his feet to step over the threshold, but he can’t seem to make himself move. He can’t bear the thought of being stuck in this room any longer.
“In our experience, Mr. Pike, every case is different,” Gabriel says. He nods at them signaling that they should leave the room. He whispers to Jo and Jessica, “Stay here with him and answer any questions he has. Keep him calm.” Jo looks like she’s about to complain, but he just raises his eyebrow at her in a challenge. She sighs and sits down at the table across from where Larry is sitting.
“Check this out,” an officer says from the other side of the garage. Jo and Gabriel walk over to see what he’s pointing at. There are newspaper clippings posted up on the wall. They’re all about Gadreel’s bombings. The man is clearly obsessed with him and sees him as some sort of twisted mentor. “He was working on something.”
“Hey,” Sam said, walking towards him from one of the side hallways. He was holding some bags of chips in his hands, probably from the vending machines. “Are you hungry?” He asked, holding up the snacks.
“Why do you think he started using a rope after the first murder?” That was a pretty basic question. Dean assumed Castiel knew the answer, but he was giving Sam and Jo a chance to come up with it themselves first. Dean might not be happy the guy was here, but he did respect him for that.
“I’m not the one who gave him a cell phone!” He yelled before turning to glare at Balthazar. “Or asked him to sign up for tennis.”
Gabriel sighs. “Well, we haven’t found anything incriminating at his house either, so I think it’s safe to say we can rule Nichols out as a suspect.” He hangs up the phone, and Castiel and Sam head back outside to the SUV.
“Well, clearly it’s not that simple,” Crowley said in a way that sounded like he’d be joking if it was about anything else.
“So, this unsub thinks he has some sort of device stuck in his arm?” Castiel asks, fascinated. Dean would find his interest cute under other circumstances, but they only have forty minutes left to figure out how to deal with this.
He kept looking at the maps. He was onto something here. “The current could've pushed me further out to where you found me,” he said. “Maybe I actually went into the water somewhere around here.” He moved to show Garth what he was talking about on the chart, but the captain was distracted.
“I won’t get there for probably another hour or two,” Jo says. “I’m still on the bus.” The maximum security prison where Corll is being kept is in the middle of nowhere in Texas. They don’t like to keep the big prisons right next to the major cities.
He heads over to the gate where Ofmarv has been waiting silently and patiently, just as an omega should. “Blessed be the womb,” Ofmarv says when he steps through the gate and closes it behind him.
The noise of the crowd drowned out the sound of the riot police yelling at them to clear the streets. “We are people, not objects!” Dean heard a group of omegas standing next to him yell. He and Charlie joined in, “Our bodies, our choice!”
“You pinky swear?” He asked with a small smile.
Castiel sighed. “I suppose one more can’t hurt.” He took the offered drink and decided to sip it more slowly. He was starting to feel a bit queasy, and he didn't want to throw up.
“Nice gift?” Alistair asks, and it almost sounds like he’s insecure. As much as Dean finds it hilarious that the Alpha would think he’d have any interest in what beauty tips are good for Fall 2018, he has to admit he is thankful for the gift. He’d relish the chance to read anything to be honest.
“I like it when you pick me up like that,” Cas said hesitantly. “It’s hot how strong you are.”
A wave of nausea passes through Dean as he realizes what the Alpha is saying. They performed female genital mutilation on Jo. That’s what they’d meant when they said they were correcting her. He shudders and feels tears threatening to spill over. He needs to get out of here.
“Commander Adler,” Bela replies. That means her new name must be Ofzach. “He can barely get it up,” she says with a smirk. He knows what that’s like from his first Alpha. So many of the Commanders are past their prime. “Where are you?”
Castiel knew that he should say no. He should leave before he’d completely fallen for Dean in ways he wouldn't be able to come back from. Then again, he was worried it might already be too late. He looked at the emotion in Dean’s eyes, at all the words he either couldn't or wouldn't let himself say, and he had his answer. He scooted towards the center of the couch so Dean could wrap his arms around him. Maybe denial wasn’t so bad after all.
“Cain,” Dean said confidently. “Dean Michael Cain.”
“Oh,” was all Dean thought to reply to that. It was only day two, and he seemed to already be off on the wrong foot again. Inias started the car, and the silence was suffocating so Dean searched for any way to break it. “This definitely beats walking to school,” he joked.
Castiel leaves Crowley in a daze after making some excuse about having to meet up with his parents. If Lisa doesn’t like him, then who does she like? He’s too exhausted to try and figure it out right now, but he’ll definitely investigate tomorrow.
“What’s up?” Castiel asks. Crowley looks up at him, but just shrugs. “All day you’ve looked like you’re sucking on a lemon. Come on, tell me.”
“You know,” Mistress Roman says quietly, breaking the silence. “I’m not feeling too well today. Maybe we can postpone the rutting for another month. How does that sound?”
“You were so good for me, pet,” Alpha Alistair whispers in his ear before kissing his neck gently. He preens under the praise. “Such a good omega.” He feels another pulse of cum enter him, and his Alpha groans in pleasure. It takes about twenty minutes for Alpha’s knot to deflate enough to where they’re able to separate. Alpha gives him a quick kiss on the forehead before reiterating how good he’d been, and he walks back up to his bedroom in a daze.
Dean knows what they’ve been planning to do to Crowley later is wrong, but he can’t find a way to get himself out of it. If he did, Castiel might kick him back out of his friend group, and he doesn’t want that to happen. Castiel had just officially invited him to become a B.L.U. which stands for “Boy Like Us,” now that Crowley has been dumped from the group. Dean isn’t going to turn that down after he’s worked so hard to be accepted by them.
Dean knows how hard this job can be especially at the very beginning. That’s not even counting the traumatic incident Novak had been involved with six months ago and the fact that he’d had to re-live that incident all over again on their last case with Gadreel. Dean is impressed with how he’d handled that situation. Sam told him all about it when they’d gotten back home. He knows that if their roles had been switched, Dean probably would’ve lost his badge and been arrested for assault. He can’t imagine what it must’ve been like for Novak to have to admit defeat in front of Gadreel and take responsibility for killing all of those agents, even though every agent can agree it wasn’t his fault.
Dean shoves the front door to the Pike house open angrily. He’s annoyed that they hadn’t managed to catch the unsub before he drove off. They could’ve ended things right then. He almost walks right into Larry Pike who was waiting just on the other side of the door.
There's only one way out of here—in a black van, feet first. With a shard of glass against his wrist or a twisted sheet looped around a ceiling fan. He looks up and notices that a patch of his ceiling looks like it's been plastered more recently than the rest of it. Maybe there used to be a ceiling fan in here. Maybe they removed it as a precautionary measure. Not that it mattered. He couldn't bring himself to do that...not yet anyways.
Castiel can hear Ofal’s breathing picking up in the backseat, and he wonders if she’s starting to have a panic attack like she did that night on rutting day. “I couldn’t stop them,” he says quietly. “I’m sorry.”
“So what brings you to Diamond City, kid?” Gabriel asked him after giving him a moment to ogle his surroundings.
“Apparently,” Blue said with a smile. Maybe he was excited to watch the match.
Dean took a deep breath and nodded quickly at Cas who was already starting to look a bit green. When the cops were just a few feet away, he put the car in reverse and stomped down on the gas pedal causing the tires to screech as he pulled out into the middle of the street. A bus honked at him, but he switched the car back into drive and sped away. He could see the cops running back to their cars in his rearview window as he took off.
“So it’s done then?” Benny asked hesitantly. Before Castiel could answer, he heard quiet footsteps from the other side of the bedroom door. He tried to hide his smile from Benny. Obviously Dean was trying to be stealthy about eavesdropping, but with metal floors throughout the whole factory, it was easy to hear everything.
The man put a twenty on the bar and stood up. Castiel wondered how he could’ve messed this up, but then the man leaned in close to him. For one agonizing second, he thought the stranger was going to kiss him, but he changed direction at the last moment and ended up with his mouth next to Castiel’s ear.
The Alpha smiles at him like he’s an adorable puppy or something. “Would you like some juice, dear?” She asks.
“I don’t know what you mean by the Great War, but yes, I went into the vault when the bombs fell and just woke up a few hours ago,” Castiel explained. “What year is it?” He wasn't sure he wanted to know the answer to that question, but he needed to know.
Jo narrows her eyes at him. “What if someone sold him fake coins, he figured it out, and then someone wanted to shut him up?”
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
“I told you something about me, and now it’s your turn,” Dean reminded him. Blue stayed quiet. “Come on, man.”
Balthazar chuckles, “Well I thought I was telling you but it was when Dean was IM’ing us from your computer.” They all laugh about that time. It's crazy to think it was only a few months ago.
The unsub lowers the gun from Meredith’s neck briefly to gesture towards him. “Take the vest off,” he orders. “I want to see you.”
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
A knock on the bedroom door pulls his attention back to the present. “Come in,” he sighs, but his mom is already opening the door and stepping inside. Why do mothers bother knocking if they’re just going to come in anyways?
. Castiel had initially joined Alistair’s raiding group around ten years ago and ran with him for a couple years before he left to start his own garrison. Back then Alistair shared his bed with a woman he referred to as his wife. He mostly kept her locked away in his room, but occasionally she would be let out with the rest of their group. Castiel knew he treated her awfully; he beat her, raped her, and kept her isolated without food if she did something to displease him. Castiel made an effort to talk to her, because the other raiders in the group ignored her for the most part. He’d sneak her food and water and helped take care of her wounds after Alistair beat her. Eventually they became pretty good friends. At that time, Castiel was basically a prisoner himself. He had nowhere else to go. At least with Alistair he was guaranteed food and a roof over his head. He and Mary bonded and grew to trust each other. She told him about how she’d been kidnapped and how Alistair threatened that he’d take her two boys if she ever tried to run away.
He changes into his sleep clothes: a plain white nightgown and his bonnet. For some reason they’re still required to cover their hair even when they’re sleeping.
“Gabriel sent me over to help you,” Sam explains.
Dean rolls his eyes and picks up his things so he can leave. He’s so done with this conversation. “Glad I could help you paint,” he says sarcastically as he leaves the barn and slams the door closed behind him. Castiel is such a child. When he’s ready to apologize Dean will listen, but he sure as hell isn’t going to be the first one to try and mend fences.
“What was that for?” Dean asks.
“I love you,” Amelia says before hanging up.
Dean told him about a creature they had up north called a deathclaw. They were originally created by the military before the war to fight in battle, but once the bombs fell they escaped into the wild. There weren’t many of them, but they were the most dangerous predator around. Dean had seen one from a distance before, but he ran as fast as he could in the opposite direction when he came across it. They had huge sharp claws that could shred through a person's body down to the bone as well as a very thick hide that was difficult to penetrate with bullets. It was best to give them a lot of space, because they will charge if they feel threatened.
Dean chuckled. “Yes, it is.” He kissed him once more. “We should probably get some sleep.”
Castiel tunes back into the conversation and hears that Gabriel and Balthazar are still bickering over their eating habits. He decides to interrupt them. “The plan for revenge against Crowley has been set into motion!”
“I’d always wondered about that,” Gabriel says, “But I thought your parents were just too uptight.”
Castiel stands in front of his full-length bedroom mirror trying his best to position the angel halo on his head without messing up his perfectly mussed up hair. It would be easier to do if he wasn’t trying to talk on his phone at the same time, but he has to multitask since he’s running late.
“Cut the green wire?” Castiel reiterates. The timer only has twenty seconds left on it. He can feel Gabriel getting antsy next to him.
“Why wait when we can tell them right now?” Castiel started walking towards where Luke and Marv were standing next to Michael and Uriel. They were struggling to lift a massive pumpkin off the ground.
“Umm…” Dean wasn't really sure what to say. “Thanks?”
“What the hell was that?” Larry yells from the other room.
“You almost did,” Blue groaned, his voice sounding even rougher than it had earlier in the day. Dean watched as he hesitantly stretched his legs out and smiled when he saw Blue’s right leg moving again. The bite already looked much better than it had earlier. “Did you get the cure?” He asked.
And he’s stopping that train of thought before he gets a stiffy in the middle of the bullpen.
“2,” Dean sighed.
“No seriously, I was taking a walk with my dad at that time last night. When I sent you that message later I seriously didn’t know what secret you were talking about.” Castiel got up and started pacing around his bedroom. His thoughts raced a mile a minute.
Saturday, November 7
Dean sat down next to one of the trees in the park they were visiting. They usually came here because it was just a couple streets away from their apartment. Krissy loved taking walks to the park, and Dean enjoyed feeling the crisp fall air against his skin. He leaned his back up against the rough bark of the tree, but instead of feeling uncomfortable he felt content. He glanced up towards the orange and yellow leaves above him while he listened to his daughter’s joyful laughter.
“That what would happen?”
“It’s dark outside,” Dean says. “Nobody is going to notice anything. And if someone says anything, just say it’s the alcohol.” Castiel feels himself start to panic. His chest is tightening, and he's having trouble breathing. “Hey, Cas.” He can hear Dean trying to calm him down, but he can’t focus on anything except the blinding panic. He feels Dean pull him into a hug, and Castiel holds onto him like he’s drowning. “Breathe with me,” Dean whispers. “You can do it.”
She left nothing behind. No note. No explanation. No clues to follow.
“I was thinking…” Amelia begins slowly, and he suddenly doesn’t want to know what she was thinking. Whatever it is can’t be good if she’s struggling to say it. “I know back in Illinois we had talked about your… sexual needs.” She blushes.
“Dean and I were talking before bed, which we’ve been doing a lot lately.” Castiel saw Dean nod in his peripheral vision. “And we were thinking about how fun it would be to have a Halloween party at the house this year.”
He got out of the car on shaky legs, unsure where he should go next. He saw a neon sign for a liquor store and stumbled towards it. He could use a good, stiff drink right about now. The man at the counter gave him an odd look but let him buy a bottle of whiskey anyways. Castiel wasn't sure how he looked right now, but if it was anything like how he felt, he was probably quite the sight. He stumbled back out to the car and saw Dean looking around frantically. When their eyes met, Dean’s eyes hardened.
“Crowley bought them for me that day we were friends,” Dean chuckled.
Dean feels nerves spike in his stomach again. He really thinks Cas has changed, but he can’t help but worry that he’s being tricked again. It’s hard not to worry about that with the history they have.
“Dean,
Cas realizes how close November second is— less than a month.  He is not sure what he is supposed to do with this information.  After all of the shit that this case caused, he’s unsure of how Dean will react to the anniversary of his mother’s death.  Unsure if this case has affected him as much as it’s affected Cas.
-As I said at the start of this fic; this starts sometime after season 9 but ignores certain plot points I didn't like (Gadreel). Also, I will be ignoring the finale and it has no influence over this story other than to write in spite of it.
The microwave beeps, and Cas pulls the plastic container out, sitting it on the table, before putting his own container in.  Dean perks his head at the smell of the teriyaki beef and sits himself at the table, immediately digging in, starving since he hasn’t eaten since breakfast.
“I had come to you the night before severely injured because I’d been reckless in heaven. you didn’t want to have to monitor me while hunting, it’s understandable.”
Frustration tinges the edges of everything Dean tries to do.  Rotating the tires on the Impala involves haphazardly tossing tools around the garage.  Cleaning the bathroom means scrubbing the tub so hard the paint erodes.  Cooking dinner sometimes results in overcooked meats and soggy pastas.  Going on supply runs a few towns over comes with the hazard of speeding tickets and taking corners too fast.  Conversations are succinct and void of personality; words seeming the harder and harder for Dean to string together the longer the conversation wares on.
Dean bends to spit in the sink, hiding his relief from Sam. “Bite me, Sammy.” He claps him on the shoulder as he passes.
Everything in the last few months hits him at once.
But it’s Cas, shutting the door behind him with a wicked glint in his eye.
Cas joins them in the kitchen while they’re tossing the fries in a bowl, so they don’t have to come back in the kitchen to get seconds.  He tops his burger with the typical BLT toppings.
They didn’t let him near the salt rounds though.  Dean would play it off whenever he asked, “Cas, man, you don’t need to learn these.  The salt only hurts them because it’s a purifier— your grace is purifier enough.”  But Sam wouldn’t let him participate in any spells either, they wouldn’t even let him gather the ingredients if they were half way around the world.  They just did without or called upon Crowley.  Even Crowley seemed wary of him, which he should have automatically assumed meant something was wrong.
Cas kisses him, and,
, Cas thinks, as he lays perfectly still watching Dean’s shoulder rise and fall with his breath.
“Yes, Dean,
By the time Dean’s out of the shower and dressed, shoving clothes back into his duffel, Sam walks back in looking too chipper for nine in the morning. He places the coffees he picked up on the table and once he takes off his coat he pulls the pastries out of the pockets.
Dean struggles to breathe evenly. “Don’t make me say it, Sammy.”
What happens in the hours leading up to Cas's induction back into humanity?  [When did he even first make that decision?]
Sam rolls his eyes. “Yeah, well, a guy can dream.”
Cas stands staring at Dean, who’s struggling to figure out what to say.  He crosses his arms and waits.
— and Cas locks eyes with him as he stretches his lips around his cock, swallowing him whole in one slow, fluid motion.
he can see glowing under Cas’s skin, in his eyes.
Cas’s nods tightly as he sits across from Dean at the table in the library.
“Okay.”
.  And that’s it, that’s what this is about and it doesn’t scare Dean. He’s giving himself over to Cas completely in this moment and in return Cas is opening up for him. Just him.
Some time later, it just happens, their clothes falling away.  Not in the angel-mojo kind of way, but in the way where every movement feels more natural than the last when Dean pulls at another piece of clothing separating him from Castiel.  He doesn’t realize how hot he is until the angel’s thighs press against his grinding hips, their contact literally feeling like fire.  Cas cradles Dean’s head as the hunter nips and licks at his shoulder. The fingers brushing in his hair send shocks of pleasure through Dean, making sure his hips don’t stop.
Hannah pauses a moment before saying, “We want you to lead the attack.”  She pauses again to let what she said sink in. “Some of us here have already led attempted attacks, but those all failed.  We need someone more skilled and experienced to lead the next attack if we wish it to be as swift and resolute as we need it, to stop Metatron once and for all.”
“What?” he mutters, hoping the end of the book comes soon.
Once at the front counter, she pulls out a shallow box, the inside lined with velvet.  About two dozen pens lie in the slots, a little label each of them noting the material they’re made from. One reads
Cas is confused by the statement. “I very well am an angel.”
“I’ll call her as soon as we get out of here,” Cas reassures, his shaky voice betraying him.
“Cas, shut up,” Dean mumbles into Castiel’s neck.
The angel is staring at their connection, still resting on Dean’s thigh. “I will make it up to you, Dean.” It’s a whisper.  A promise.
“Then what the hell is in all these?”
Cas turns on his stomach, and Dean can feel the shadow of Cas’s wing draping over him, a now familiar feeling, as the buzz of energy presses on him, keeping him close and safe.
Pushing open the door to Cas’s rarely used room, intending to find the angel still angry as he researches the case, Dean is greeted only with silence.  A single piece of the stationary he bought Cas for Christmas perches on the untouched bed.
“Any movie,” he cuts off and stands up straighter to kiss Dean’s neck.
Dean starts before Cas can even really begin, “Don’t start that, Cas, okay.  This—” he gestures to his body in the hospital bed— “is what I signed up for.  I’m a hunter, this is what the job entails, nothing more than what I’m used to.  I’ve had far worse from far eviler.  Don’t you try and blame yourself for this.  You can’t save me from everything, Cas, though god knows you try.” Cas works his jaw furiously, trying to figure out what to say. “Don’t say anything, Cas, okay?  You don’t need to.” Dean reaches up to grasp Cas’s hand on his shoulder, looking down at it for a moment. “You didn’t fill out any of that paperwork yet, did you?”
Dean dips his head and pulls at his collar self-consciously. “About me?” he asks after clearing his throat.
The one time Dean almost succumbed to his emotions was when he and Cas were on equal footing. Together they shared a breath, and Dean wanted to close the gap between them because he
Dean’s soul froze for a second, before digging into Cas’ grace like he was a man dying of thirst. His body was shining with a thin sheen of sweat, and his soul was overflowing with memory. The heat, the stink, the ash of Hell washed away as he lapped up Castiel’s embrace.
“Looks like it could be a mother and son team-up,” Dean murmured.
“Who on God’s green Earth could possibly matter more to me than the one who woke me from the most peaceful sleep I ever had?” The Empty’s laughter almost sounded like a wind chime, but every chime was off-key and harsh to the ear.
“Benny’s done enough to protect you this far. He’ll surely be able to keep that up for a bit longer. Just an hour, Dean, then we’ll continue,” He turned to give Dean that gentle smile, tugging at the strings of his heart. His steel vines had melted away when he got Cas back from his amnesia, so all that was left to be wrecked was his heart itself. “I’ll watch over you.” Another blow to the muscle, another pull on the strings. Pretty soon, his heart was going to overflow with...
“Rude. I thought you’d protect me from anything,” Dean couldn’t hold back his grin as he pulled his mask over his face, before giving Castiel a slow twirl. “How do I look now?” The silence made Dean glance back to Cas, whose face told him nothing, but his eyes looked slightly glazed. That was probably just Dean getting his hopes up. “Castiel?”
. “I’ll have whatever you suggest,”
“Oh! Yeah, he’s
“I didn’t ask you what your dad thinks you should do, did I?” He stated simply, pulling in another slow drag. Dean sent a heated glare towards him but simmered down seeing the gentle gaze aimed back at him. “So, a writer? What type of style, hmm? Fiction? Script? Biography?”
“Did you have anyone in particular in mind, Miss Barnes?” Dean raised an eyebrow, maintaining his smile and eye contact with Pamela. She widened her eyes, realising she may have spoken out of turn, and shook her head.
“…shut up, jerk.” Sam rose out of his chair and pulled Eileen into a wide bear hug. Dean watched as Sam pressed a gentle kiss to Eileen’s head before pulling back to sign, “Are you sure you don’t want to go back to sleep?”
“I made a promise to Jimmy,” Cas murmured as if there was a chance Claire could hear him, even though she was currently out at a karaoke bar with Kaia. “I forgot it for a bit, but after seeing Claire again and reaching out to her, I decided to maintain a semblance of protection over her. I never told her, of course,” He smiled. “If she knew, I believe she’d probably kick me,”
‘Dean,’ Cas grabbed both Dean’s shoulders and spun him around to bring his face into view. Cas’ face was a hair's breadth away from his, and the deep frown in his forehead would’ve almost been comical. ‘You’re enjoying this too much,’
“I do, Benny, but Cas is the cautious one out of the two of us,” Dean smirked at Cas, who stared hard at the prince. “But there again, I can afford to be reckless,” He took a sip of the wine and was pleasantly surprised by how delicate the drink was on his tongue.
“Oh shit,“ There was the sound of fumbling, and Sam stared in shock as the last of his sour cherry red slushie doused the floor of the front seat of Dean’s Baby.
the palace,” She tapped her finger to her chin, considering. “There’s plenty here you could do,”
“It’s going so well! I get to see Mom as much as I want, and Dean and I have gone to see everybody else a few times now too. Mary was so happy to see us,” Jack paused, glancing hesitantly at Dean. “Well, not ‘happy’ because she was really sad to see Dean up here so soon,”
pancakes? Courtesy of yours truly, of course,” Dean gave a wide flourish towards himself. Jack couldn’t have raced to the kitchen fast enough. Cas almost thought he’d flown. “Damn, offer the kid some chocolate...” He shook his head, before turning back to Cas. “So, a successful outing, then?”
The three of them, together again, made their way through the thicket of gnarled roots and broken branches. Once more unto the breach.
“You think I’m checking out your neck,” Benny huffed out a soft laugh as Cas wrapped his arm around Dean’s waist and pointedly stared at Benny. There was a moment of utter silence where Cas continued to hold Benny’s gaze, and Dean could hear a low noise coming from the back of Cas’ throat. A thrill ran down Dean’s spine as he realised― Castiel’s
But dear God, does he want his best friend to be a contender.
Sam stared incredulously at the both of them but didn’t comment on Cas’ hair or the hickey blooming on his neck. Dean’s lips quirked up in a snarky grin as he turned to Crowley, who looked mildly taken aback.
“Already knew that,” Benny muttered, and both Bobby and Charlie made loud noises of agreeance. Dean let out a tired sigh before staring at Cas.
“Cas,” Dean sighed. He felt his lip tremble, and he knew Cas saw it. He never missed anything about Dean. The prince spotted a little splatter of coffee staining the corner of Cas’ otherwise perfectly-pressed shirt collar. He focused on that as he tried to breathe slowly through his nose.
******
naive, you know. Also, been there, done that, wrote a book because of it actually,”
“Dean?” He heard Cas’ sleep-rough voice behind him, still, the prince sobbed as he continued to vomit. His mouth was both dry and wet, and it was so upsetting. His head was pounding, and his hands shook as he grasped the side of the bowl. Gentle hands took his shoulders and rubbed soothing circles into his back. As the last of the bile dripped out of his mouth, Dean sighed and pressed his head to the cold part of the bowl.
too old for you,” Sam screwed up his nose.
“Forget my words. I apologise, Your Highness,” He bowed his head. “I never meant to offend.”
“Humour me, then. If you don’t dare say who now, perhaps because the staff member is currently present, then by all means, please,” He laughed warmly. “Add them to the list,” He felt Cas’ hand gently touch his shoulder, so he turned his head to hear Cas’ whisper.
“How can an inanimate object find a person, Dean?” There was a sparkle in Dean’s eye that made Cas’ stomach lurch.
‘How are you feeling, Dean?’ Cas tilted his head, still cautious. Dean didn’t meet Cas’ eyes as he shrugged.
“Too many ghosts,” He nodded, before cracking a grin. “At least, metaphorically,” Cas gave Sam a gummy smile.
“John
, he was going to say, but that’s not something a co-worker of his father deserves to know. “Get him to fall asleep, and Sam wanted the stories written down so he could read them on his own as he got older. So, I wrote them down, and he kept trying to push for me to keep writing because he loves the characters so much,” He realized he was babbling, and he glanced nervously towards Castiel, but he looked enraptured.
“Anyway, I’ve gotta go, buddy. I’ll see you soon, yeah?”
Castiel’s, but he was moaning and whining too. The spell swirling inside him was satiated, but only just, and it was greedy. It wanted more.
**********
“No,” Dean rasped out. “No―” He choked again, surprised to have even spoken the singular syllable. Cas pressed his widening lips to Dean’s cheek.
“Thanks, Jack,” He whispered into Jack’s hair before pressing a kiss to the crown of his head. When they broke apart, Jack beamed up at him.
“Balthazar, I thought you were kidding!”
“Dean?” Castiel’s voice was gentle, hesitant. Dean sighed.
“Thank you, my lord. I must say, you’ve outdone yourself this year,” He glanced around at the floating paper lanterns, and the glistening fairy lights. His servers were dressed in full coat-tail suits, making Dean wince. Those suits were uncomfortable on any given occassion, but you add a ninety-five-degree night to the equation? Yeah, Dean wanted to douse them all in buckets of ice. He turned back to Lord Adler, who was giving him a smile that didn’t reach his eyes.
“You’re good for him,” A rough voice echoed in the quiet of the room. It wasn’t quite low enough to be Cas’, though. Was that Benny? Or was this just his imagination?
Also, I'll probably add new tags as each chapter comes up because I have a tendency to tweak things as I go. Please, please, please pay attention to the tags before each chapter.
ignorant. Or three, I get to slowly drive you insane with all my pretty toys, regardless of what you do or don’t end up squealing,’ Dean brought his face an inch away from Joe’s. ‘What’s it gonna be, Joe?’
“She’s not the only one who’s done that. At least half of these,” Sam tapped his fingers on the covers of the tabloids. “Offer up cases and scenarios where you and Cas...”
‘Yeah, well, Dean has something you didn’t, Crowley,’ Sam huffed a laugh.
“Alright, Cas.” He murmured, watching the shimmering lights. He swore all the stars were blue tonight. This was pure. He was free here where he couldn’t be back home. Perhaps that’s why he felt comfortable resting his head on Cas’ shoulder, felt comfortable admitting to himself he had fallen for the fallen angel. It must’ve happened slowly, but surely, he was inexplicably
“Everything feels a little…heavy now that I’m alone. And I just remembered that you were close by, and I remembered what you told me before I left you, and I, Cas I’m so sorry I left you like that, you didn’t deserve―”
“Cas, what did you do?” Dean cut the figure off, putting himself directly in the angel’s line of vision. The happiness that glowed on Cas’ face had washed into a sickly sheen of sweat.
‘Well,’ Sam gave him an incredulous look. ‘Yeah. You didn’t exactly have her on your hit list when you were a demon, Dean. You were too busy playing Thelma and Louise with Crowley. Also, about that,’ He crossed his arms. ‘Since when did you
Dean didn’t seek out the stars. They were all around him up above, outside Bobby’s house. He
“You Winchesters, honestly. Sam’s the same. He blames himself too. Wouldn’t be surprised if the Queen blames herself somehow, too,” She muttered. Silence settled heavily on Dean’s chest, and he mulled in it as he chewed away at the apricots on his plate.
“Oooh, I love hearing gossip,” Dean smirked, pulling his limbs up onto the couch to sit cross-legged and facing Cas, the movie forgotten.
,” Dean felt his hands shake, so he closed his eyes. “I thought those walls were mine, but they were Chuck’s. He was...he silenced me. Used the figure of my dad and others to strike fear in my heart over who I loved, what I felt for you.” He drew in a deep breath and opened his eyes to see Cas’ ever-steady gaze. “And he tried to erase you, but Jack...” Cas licked his bottom lip before he spoke.
“Sam,” His offer was met with gratitude in the form of Dean’s eyes closing.
heal me, somewhat,’ Dean’s eyes flickered back to green, gripping Cas’ hands. Cas didn’t fight, which intrigued the hunter. ‘I’m me again, not the homicidal maniac you saw before...but,’ He shrugged. ‘The Mark doesn’t want to let go of that demonic energy entirely. Human enough to break through devil's traps, demon enough to not give a fuck,’
beer, for this exact reason.
Dean made sure he remained relaxed in order to get a more accurate feel of the hit. Cas’ hand slapped against his skin with a loud
. That is only
“Just peachy, Cas. You know me, always doing great after an argument with Viscount ‘Holier-Than-Thou’ about why homosexuality isn’t a sin and hasn’t been seen as a sin in a very long time,” He rubbed his face into his hands. Cas gave him a piercing look in the rear-view mirror. “Yeah, no kidding,”
“This,” Cas took a gentle hold of Dean’s left shoulder, and the vice grip loosened. Always, always, always, Castiel was there to soothe the fearful thrashing of his anxieties. “Is Emma. Amara’s parting gift to Dean and I suppose, me, too,” Sam frowned, stopping in his path towards Dean. The taller man’s shaggy mane of hair danced with his slow shake of the head.
Castiel kept the lie in his head the entire time he made up the bed. He held onto the lie even as he went through the guest bathroom and swept away any lingering dust. He still kept thinking everything was in the name of friendship right until he opened up the door to see Dean Winchester standing in his front porch light.
“Do you want the short version or the long version?”
“It’s a valid excuse, and I’m going to milk it for all it’s worth. You’d be wise to do the same, Cassie, and screw that student’s brains out. You can blame it on quarantine,”
you said something, because hell, it’s not like I’d ever build up the nerve to make the first move,”
filled with flowers and bees and butterflies. The colors were too vibrant, too warm, too inviting to be Purgatory. Instead of the smell of rotting corpses, tree sap, and sweltering heat, all Dean could smell was wildflowers and honey, and tree sap. The tree sap seemed to hang around, apparently.
The garden party was in full swing when Dean arrived at the front gates of Lord Adler’s estate, fashionably late as planned. The man meant well, of course, but Dean always felt like he was being scrutinized by him with every decision he made. Even now, as Dean exited his vehicle with Cas falling into step behind him, Adler gave Dean a look that made his insides squirm.
“Are you sure, Cas? I’m happy to park outside the garage,”
That was the moment Sam Winchester thought he could just barge on through the door without any repercussions.
A snide voice in the back of Dean’s mind perked up, sounding too much like Metatron for Dean’s liking.
“Cas,” Dean will deny the sound of his voice until his dying day. Winchesters
” The blindfold was wrenched off his head, and Dean opened his eyes wide to see a large smattering of people, standing around the stage Castiel had them on, all staring in awe and amazement at Dean. They were smiling and applauding, and Dean’s cock was
“What do you mean, Dean?”
? What gave you the impression it was going to be a woman?” He could hear the candle flickering away on Mary’s desk, it was
“Who are you seeing this week?” Sam asked politely from his seat at the table. Dean shovelled his eggs into his mouth as Sam asked, so he had to chew fast to respond.
Underneath Dean’s initials was a sharply-etched heart, and just below it, the initials ‘C.W’.
“Do you know anything else about the Leviathan Blossom?” Benny sighed, leaning up against the wall. Cas eyed the angels’ trumpet carefully before turning to Benny.
“Okay, Sam. Thank you.” Cas smiled. They both bid their goodbyes, and Cas hung up. Biting his lip, Cas made his way back to Dean’s room, sat down at the desk and wrote out everything he was feeling. He decided on the title ‘The Seraph’s Prayer’. Seemed fitting against Dean’s title.
The barn had changed since that fateful day, September 18
‘What I mean is, your services are no longer required, bitch boy. Lucky for you, Huggy Bear over here wants to try and keep my hands as clean as possible, so instead of killing you
. “But I won’t leave you,”
“Your soul, as I’ve told you before, is the brightest I’ve ever seen in all my existence. It was why I found you so easily in Hell. She shares the same golden hue,” Cas dropped his gaze back to the letter. “Wait, you searched for her as well in Purgatory?”
. But maybe that was exactly what he needed to do, get all his ridiculous emotions out onto a page, so he can sit back and laugh at it before chucking it in the bin. Set the bin on fire. Put the smoking bin into a safe. Fill the safe with cement. Chuck it into the ocean.
“Knew what?” Cas kept his tone low as well, eyeing the flowers suspiciously.
give that red-headed whore a call, tell her you’ve got me all trussed up like a pig roast, ready for the slaughter. As soon as she responds, Castiel and I will be able to trace where her response is coming from. And guess who’s blood we’ll be using to make this Watergate call?’ Dean paused, tightening his grip on Joe’s throat.
“He was having nightmares of Hell that long after it?”
They were standing in a meadow. An honest-to-God
“It’ll be hard to find it here,” Sam contemplated, and Cas nodded.
But now he did, and he felt it now as he watched Dean pad his way towards the coffee carafe Castiel filled just for him, barefoot with the unhemmed legs of his pants catching under his heels. His hair was mussed, and his eyes were bleary. He looked as though he slept well, judging from the pillow crease imprint on the side of his face. Dean hadn’t even noticed Castiel’s presence until he sat down at the table and noticed Miracle was not sitting by his side. He blinked slowly at the space next to him before glancing up towards the stove, where Castiel was holding two plates of bacon pancakes, dripping with maple syrup. He smiled hesitantly as Cas put one of the plates down in front of him.
was making that noise. He felt gentle hands clasp his shoulders.
“Well, sure, but it feels a little...exposed, don’t you think?” Dean wandered back to his lounge, flopping down defeatedly.
“Don’t,” Dean warned, before pulling him into what would normally be a bone-crushing hug. He brought his lips to Cas’ ear. “Don’t you
how he meant his confession to go. Good going, Castiel. Ask the man for help, then insult him by degrading your friendship to him.
“Hmm, ah,” Sam cleared his throat before offering up a nervous smile. “Lucifer’s...free,” The words fell like a heavy bag of rocks, scattering loudly onto the ground.
would glare at himself for thinking he could fool
go wrong.”
“Aw, ain’t he adorable?” Bobby smirked. Dean kept his gaze on Cas as he flipped his entire family off before pulling Cas in for a chaste kiss.
’?” He raised an eyebrow.
“That’s adorable,” Crowley chuckled, peering in through the bars of the door. “You truly think Lucifer would have time to listen to the cries of a pathetic sub-par demon when he’s off trying to find a suitable vessel?”
“D―” Shame sewed his lips shut, and Cas let out a disappointed sigh. Dean hung his head against the tight hold on his neck.
“It’s an instinctual thing to protect their mate and their young from threats. Humans do it just like any other animal. Angels, it seems, are no different,” Mick chuckled lightly. “Just a
“What?” Dean clicked his tongue. “Does that sound like me?” Cas shifted in his seat so he could stare unblinkingly at him. “Cas, cut that out, it’s weird,”
‘Ever get the feeling maybe he’s just not that into you, Crowley?’ Sam couldn’t help the small smile, and Dean barked out a laugh.
There’s no pain, here in the Empty. Here it’s more of the same nothingness, over and over. Cas couldn’t even tell how long he’d been back here, but he knows this time, there was something different.
“I mean,” Dean rubbed his hand along his jawline, a self-soothing habit Castiel knows like the back of his hand. “Don’t get it twisted, I’m
.” The angel peered again at Emma, his frown softening into a warm smile. “I see it now. My grace is there, nestled away under all that golden light,”
The prince paid him no mind, however, and continued to indulge on the fruits and Benny’s affections. He was cautious to pair back the salacious gestures and talk for the rest of the day. There was something about Cas’ response that slightly wounded his pride. As they finally had to bid their goodbyes, Benny walked Dean, Charlie and Cas to the door.
a bit more and prodded gently at his prostate once more before fading away completely. “Do you think you can stand?” Cas loosened his grip on the tie and Dean’s hair.
Before Dean could even pull Cas in for a ferocious hug, Sam burst through the door, gun cocked and ready.
“You okay there, Dean?”
“You know what, I think I might, actually,” He tilted his head as he smiled. The rain started to fall in earnest now, and Cas pulled the jacket on. “So, you were saying...” Cas picked up his coffee cup again, just to give his hands something to do, otherwise, they’d do something kind of stupid, like grab at Dean’s face to pull him in close and kiss him, kind of stupid. His heart trembled at the mere
“Good, I’m glad. Now, with your itinerary this week,” Mary ruffled the newspaper into a folded position. Dean held back a sigh. His mother barely knew about Dean’s nightmares. He tried to mention them once, around the time of the King’s death, but to no avail. Dean didn’t know if she was actively avoiding the topic, even now after eight years, or if she couldn’t afford to hear about her son’s troubles. “You’re to attend Lord Zachariah Adler’s garden party Wednesday afternoon, and I figured it would be appropriate to align your dates with the party. So, who was your date this week?”
to be trusted.
So I've decided this will definitely be a slow burn, and I really want to try and stick to that. We'll see how we go with that though.
dare. Why’s that, pet?” Castiel sounded slightly out of breath, like whatever he’s done is taking a little bit of a toll on him. That sparked Dean as strange. Perhaps this wasn’t an illusion, perhaps...Dean was really inside a club, stripped bare in front of strangers, waiting to get his ass punished by his angel.
The rest of the week wasn’t too bad, aside from some outside reports of threats being aimed towards the crown. Dean wasn’t too concerned about that, though, since Castiel hadn’t been all too worried. Cassie was truly a good person to hang around, and her smile was a shot of sunshine in Dean’s otherwise gloomy week. But he knew all about wandering eyes, and Cassie wasn’t exactly subtle, with hers being glued to Charlie.
“He put the Empty to sleep and brought me back. To you,” He brought a gentle hand to Dean’s cheek, and the hunter leaned into the touch. “For you.”
“Cas,” He could hear Sam refraining from letting out a laugh. “Are you trying to tell me you’re in love with my brother?” There was a prolonged silence as Cas unglued his tongue from the roof of his mouth.
“I’ve seen you as my brother-in-law for years, Cas,” He couldn’t help a small smile at Cas’ slow blink. “You and Dean behaved like a married couple, so I started to see you two as one. Honestly, even without rings on your fingers, I could’ve fooled myself,” Sam grinned. “Definitely fooled everybody else, though,”
‘Do you know why the angel’s here, Joe?’ He moved behind the demon, gripping one hand in Joe’s hair and the other under his chin. He forced Joe to stare at Cas, who gave Dean an unamused stare. ‘He’s not just here to look pretty. Although I think we can both agree, he does that effortlessly,’ He directed a half-smile at Cas before continuing.  ‘No, he’s here to heal you when you start to bleed out,’ Dean snickered as he felt Joe’s pulse jump. ‘Because here’s what I propose,’ He pulled his lips to Joe’s ear, still keeping his eyes on Cas. ‘We, or rather,
“I said,” Dean smiled earnestly now. “You wouldn’t be the guy I fell in love with if you made this easy on me,” Through their shared contemplative looks, Cas could hear the rain starting to fall on the roof. “Are you sure you don’t want to put that on?” He gestured with his thumb towards his jacket again. Cas didn’t take his eyes off Dean. His beautiful, stubborn, heartful,
There was...
“You’ve made us watch so many movies recently, I think Netflix believes you’re a robot trying to boost their sales,” Sam shot Dean a scathing glare from the tomes he was pouring over. “Why don’t you get out and go
“Morning...human,” Cas squinted, fighting the smile from breaking on his face. Dean smirked.
“Goodnight, Cassie. Sleep tight, and be sure to let the sex bugs bite!” Balthazar’s cackle was cut off by Cas hanging up on him. He threw his phone down next to him and rubbed his temples as the beginnings of a headache starting to creep in.
“I’m here, Sam, I’m here,” The angel breathed, trailing his glowing hand up to Sam’s forehead, smoothing back the panicked frown lines. A wretched sob wracked Sam’s body, and he barreled into Cas. He took in shuddering breaths, and the scent of
“Wait, what―” The dial tone beeped at him. He pulled the phone away from his face, blinking incredulously at the phone. Emma let out a giggle, and Sam raised an eyebrow at her. “You think you’re funny, don’t you, sunshine?” She smirked back at him, almost as if to say, ‘
“Good morning.” He spoke into Miracle’s fur, feeling his tail hit him in the chest. Once Miracle was sure he’d licked every inch of Dean’s face, he squirmed out of Dean’s arms and wandered into Cas’ arms, giving him the same number of kisses to his face. Cas held Miracle like a baby, giving him belly scratches.
“You have only ever seen yourself as your brother’s keeper, your brother’s protector, and as a solider for your father’s brutal battle. Take all that away, what do you have left?” Cas raised his eyebrow, pressing his hand to Dean’s cheek gently. Tears spilled down the side of Dean’s face, and he was trembling now.
“Welcome, Lord Lafitte,” Mary smiled warmly, gesturing to the dining room doors. “Shall we make our way to the dining room?”
He noticed a flickering edge to Dean’s soul that hadn’t been there before, however, and Castiel focused on that. The flickering was a thread, barbed wire that followed through from the inner part of his soul up to Dean’s neck before plunging into the depths of Dean’s mind. The wire twisted itself around Dean’s memories like a noose, pulling ever tighter and suffocating one memory at a time. Castiel hadn’t even realized he was reaching for Dean’s mind until his fingertips pressed gently to Dean’s temple, grace dripping through his skin and coating the wire to loosen its hold. The magic was strong and full of malice. His grace had started to loosen the noose before the wire expanded out to drive a barb straight through his powers. Cas dropped his hand, an electric jolt pulsing through his fingers and spurning his heart.
his feelings were with his grace as a buffer. When he was human the first time, he was dealing with so much pain and agony of just living, he didn’t have the mental capacity to pay attention to the gravity of the love weighing in his body.
“I can give you one day, exactly twenty-four hours, to find the leviathan blossom. I’m not sure if your spell will even work,” Michael looked…pensive. “But you might even find something else you had lost along the way.” He glanced at Cas again, and Dean clenched his jaw.
“I’ll tell you another time. I promise,” He gave Jack a levelling stare, predicting the protests before they came. “But right now, you should try and get back to sleep. It’s the sugar and bright movie screen. They always mix into great nightmare fodder. Did you want me to walk you back to your room?”
,’ He sighed before grumbling: ‘We’re gonna smite you
instead of me.’ Crowley grumbled, and Dean rolled his eyes, reaching for Sam’s phone.
refrained from rolling his eyes. Cas wasted no time, approaching the demon. Joe’s pleas fell on deaf ears, as the angel pressed his hand to Joe’s forehead and a blinding white light burst from the body, a high-pitched screech being the last thing Dean hears from the low-life.
. I just never thought you loved me back, because, you know, you never made a move,”
“Good.” The word came out gruff, but he knew Cas understood him if the smile on his lips meant anything. Dean liked that smile. It was cautious but warm. He’d never seen Cas smile like that for anybody else. He thinks. One of the vines on his heart constricted somewhere near an artery as he considered watching Cas smile for anybody else. He drew his eyes up to the stars again. It hadn’t occurred to Dean his hand was still clasped on Cas’ shoulder until he looked up. His fingers twitched against the canvas of the trench coat. He heard Cas breathe out a sigh. Angels don’t need to breathe, right? Why was he―
“The hotel has a taxi rink right out the front, doesn’t it?”
, as a role model for some ridiculous reason, and I wanted you to be there to help him cope with the fallout. I am the one person he needs that he can’t reach, so I needed to do
“I’m doing well, and they’ve been good,” He left it at that, and Dean didn’t want to press it any further. “So, how goes the courtship life?”
As Cas continued brooding further down the street, just before he hit the tunnels leading to the subway, he felt his phone vibrating in his jeans pocket. Dean was calling him. Cas let out a heavy sigh before answering.
The sea change was the best decision Sam made. Eileen made comments all the time about how the ocean breeze seemed to wash away the haunted look in his eyes, and even Rowena spoke of how much brighter his aura seems since moving out of the Bunker. He could feel it. The weight of the world had finally shifted off his back, and he was free. It had been off him for more than a year now, but he only just started to adjust to the shift in the past few months.
“Hey, hey, hey, shh,” He whispered, pulling him in tight to his chest so Cas could feel his heartbeat, galloping like a racehorse. “I’m here, I’m alive, I’m okay. We’re okay, Cas,” As his words become softer and softer, the silence wrapped around them like a velvet blanket.
“I can stay outside if you truly want me to, sir,”
“It’s native to Purgatory, blooming from soil whetted by Leviathan blood and growing in a Leviathan corpse,”
“Fine,” He mumbled, glancing around for a way to indicate off the highway. “Don’t see how we’re gonna get out and switch though, there’s no stops here,” He eyed the concrete bollards along the side of the road with some suspicion. There was no allowance for them to switch.
“Wooooooow,” He wiped away a tear, holding his ribs as he caught his breath. “That didn’t take them very long then, did it, Castiel?” Cas snickered. Arthur still looked floored by the response.
“Uh, what’s that noise, Dean?”
He flicked through the document, and his happiness faded with each name he read on Chuck’s list. Sadness constricted his heart as he read Chuck’s ridiculous idea of a “story”.
’s shoulder, not mine.”
“Well, no, given her attachment to both her fathers, she’s probably going to progress extremely quickly,” The Brit smiled, eyeing Castiel curiously. “Also, angel, your phone went off earlier. You received a text from a girl, Claire, I think?” He pulled up Cas’ phone and passed it off. Cas grabbed it and started scrolling immediately. He looked at the text and frowned.
“I trust you,” His fingers twitched, but he didn’t pull away from Castiel, who counted that as a win. “Why do I trust you?” Cas’ lips quirked up into a small smile.
Now, Dean didn’t even have any good excuses. He would just send Cas a text message asking if he was home, and within two minutes of Cas responding positively, the roar of the Impala could be heard crawling into Cas’ driveway.
********
"Uh, it was some horror film, an early 2000’s remake of
“Your Highness?” Cas once again pulled Dean out of his head, and Dean rubbed his forehead in frustration.
“Yes, but as his
“Dean,” Cas breathed past his ear. Dean patted the angel’s back, but Cas refused to let him go quickly. In this space, where nobody could see them, Dean softened completely. He pressed his face into the side of Castiel’s head and brought his hand up to run his fingers through his hair.
and I know Jack doesn’t want to―”
As the cave closed around them, Dean swallowed down the dread of what was to come.
**********
“We can work our way to that, maybe later,” Dean felt the man press a kiss to his temple, trailing to his cheekbones, and Dean didn’t even realize his head was being tilted up so Cas could continue his ministrations down his neck. “Come with me, you’re already slipping into subspace, want to make sure you’re on the bed,”
“It’s approximately ten twenty-four in the morning,” Dean could vaguely see the shape of Cas’ smile, so he brought his hand to his eyes and rubbed them. There, that was better. Castiel was wearing his gentle smile, the one he usually reserves for children, animals, or anything that he generally finds adorable.
...I shudder to think,” Cas smirked.
“No, Dean,” Jack had his hands hidden behind his back, and the smile was off. He’s seen that expression before, but never on Jack’s cherubic, child-like face. No, he’s seen that expression on the face of a deity he believed was long gone, completely drained of any source of power.
‘Dean?’ Sam’s voice was flat, and he knew what he would see before he brought his eyes to his brother’s.
It took five huffing turns down their bustling street before he realized the jacket around his shoulders was
Cas looked. His hair reminded Dean of how it was when they first met, his lips were darkened from Dean’s stubble rubbing the soft skin, and there was already the beginnings of a hickey blossoming just under his chin. Cas’ eyes looked wild.
“Oooh, letters from your admirers!” He held the pile of letters above his head where Dean couldn’t reach. The quick movement of Dean’s head made the room spin slightly, but he still tried to punch his brother in the ribs. Sam laughed. “Dean, you’re not strong enough to best me right now,”
Dean swallowed down his trauma best he could, and sluggishly made his way to the far wall of the dungeon. As soon as he stood close enough, Cas wrapped a hand around the back of Dean’s neck.
“I’m just gonna...get her some food,” He mumbled, slowly side-stepping towards the kitchen corridor. Sam didn’t take his eyes off Mick, who was still processing what Sam had said. Cas shot pleading eyes towards Dean, before making up his mind as he saw Emma squirming in Dean’s arms. He followed the hunter’s footsteps silently as they both entered the kitchen.
“Nope, I’m dying,” Dean croaked out.
“Oh, love,” The pet name had Dean’s blood singing in his veins. “Dean,” He whispered.
“What did Charlie say is my favourite? Because what I tell her to say to the press―”
is new,” He let out a satisfied grin. “Is this why you snapped at John, Cas?” The angel nodded sheepishly, and Bobby grinned. “Good.”
“That would make sense,” Cas hummed. “Purgatory was initially created to hide away his mistakes, like the Leviathans. He must’ve turned it into a monster graveyard at some point during his story creation of the Winchester storyline, but otherwise, he left it pretty untouched,” The angel tilted his head, looking back at the rip. “But how could we have done this?”
“Hey, Sammy. How you holdin’ up with Emma? She living up to her papa’s genes?” Dean chuckled.
“And also because I didn’t think you reciprocated,” At that, Dean couldn’t help scoffing, and he heard Benny make a snorting noise too. “Until now,” That shut Dean up. “You changed me, Dean. You said you don’t understand why you get so angry all the time. You think that hate and anger, that’s…that’s what drives you, that’s who you are. It’s not,” A tear rolled down his cheek. “Everything you’ve ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for
“I’m going to take Jack out for some flying practice, might be a few hours. He’s still a little hesitant with the ‘wing thing’, as you would say,” Cas smiled as he handed Dean the book of sonnets. “Perhaps you’ll find your favourite sonnet while we’re gone.” If Cas’ hands lingered for a moment too long as he passed the book to Dean...well, Dean would swear to anybody who asked, his hands did
‘What do you want to do tonight, Dean?’
“Bye, Mom.” Dean hung up and pressed his face into his phone as he lounged out on his chaise. Cas hadn’t said anything, but he could still feel the man’s eyes on him. Dean tutted before sighing. “You know, sometimes I wish I could just...run away from all this.” He pinched the bridge of his nose, feeling a headache starting up nice and early. They usually don’t come around until after midday, but oh no, today was already shaping up to be a doozy.
“That’s more like it. It’s called ‘courtship’ for a reason, isn’t it?”
It’s over.
***************
“I’m yours, Castiel,” He whimpered. Cas made a low noise in the back of his throat.
“Look, I knew
“No, you don’t,” Dean frowned, and there was a flush in his cheeks that looked so lovely, offset the freckles on his face so well, that Cas momentarily forgot what Dean said. He met Dean’s expectant gaze, and it clicked.
‘Put the git on, will you?’ Sam gave Dean an exasperated look, and Dean shook his head.
“Of course,
“That’s bullshit,” Dean mumbled, before pointing to Jack. “Don’t repeat that, especially not in front of Sam or Cas. They’ll know you picked it up from me,” He cracked a grin as Jack giggled, reminding Dean that this boy in front of him was still technically
‘Oh, angel,’ Dean crooned. ‘Until the Men of Letters, we didn’t think demons
‘Anything, Cas. I’ll do anything if you just
“And she’s also Cas’, who, not sure if you’ve noticed,” Sam smirked. “Is just as stubborn and decisive as you are, sometimes,” Dean chuckled as he nodded. Cas let out a bone-weary sigh, saying nothing. “Come on, I’ll introduce you to Mick,”
you opted out of?”
“Perhaps that’s a conversation to have with Eileen, but maybe you shouldn’t be so quick to assume she wouldn’t be open to a more…
“Dean,” Cas breathed, resigned to wait. He was always waiting, waiting for the morning to come, waiting for the decision to be made, waiting for Dean to call on him. Always waiting for Dean. The hunter sighed, pulled Emma back into his arms, before turning to face the angel. “Talk to me,”
seen him, yeah?” Cas nodded as he took a sip of his coffee. Dean gave his thigh a warm squeeze as the angel smiled at Sam.
“How about this one? It’s not Shakespeare, but it is a favourite of mine,” He mused, before drawing in a breath and reciting slowly:
Castiel’s different.
“Other than you, Sam and Cas, definitely,” Jack hummed happily, Dean had to bite down on his bottom lip to hide the proud grin on his face. “I don’t think I’ve had a slushie that quickly before,”
was unexpected. Dean can count on one hand the number of times his mother had hugged him. “Thank you for telling me, but,” She chewed her lip, tears welling in her eyes as she considered him seriously. “Is that going to change anything?”
“‘cause it was easier than admitting I was wrong.”
“Is...is he a boyfriend or something?” Dean licked his lips, wincing when his tongue grabbed a granule of salt from the corners of his mouth. Cas smirked.
Right?
,” The way the nickname fell from Benny’s lips set a thrumming tick of annoyance through Dean. “That formality doesn’t seem to be there anymore, which is interesting. Not many people have the type of friendship you have with yours. Is he to be your bodyguard even when you become king?”
“Dean,” Cas picked up the journal and watched as a photograph fluttered from the pages to the floor, next to a big pile of balled-up pages. “All of the people for you say that to...”
loves
Finally, they’d reached March. Everything was going well. Spring was in full bloom. He’d heard on the news about this deadly virus going around, but as long as everyone kept their distance and washed their hands, there should be no cause for alarm. Cas ignored the climbing number of cases in his home state. It was the 28
in healing you, Dean? He couldn’t even heal
“That movie was
“Alright, alright,” Dean’s voice came out gruff, something leaden and weighted swirling around dangerously in his chest. “So this Frodo Baggins dick came waltzing in, settled Sam down, flirted with you, and claims that not only is there a whole ‘nother set of Men of Letter douchebags in cheery old England, but they screwed themselves over by trying to unleash something they shouldn’t, and Mick’s the only one left standing?” He scoffed. “Sounds fishy as hell to me,”
The only thing Dean recognized from the warmth of Cas’ lips against his mouth was the sweet sting of everlasting love. Everything else in the gesture was soft and felt like home to him.
The next morning, Dean woke up well-rested and starving. He rolled over and was surprised to see a steaming mug of coffee and a bacon and egg roll on a plate resting on his side table. He smiled as he stretched and made his way over to his little rickety chair. He brought his coffee to his lips, noticing a Post-It stuck on the side of the mug. Frowning, he pulled the note off and read:
“What?” He revved the engine as the car nestled into the available space. Dean climbed out, one of the boxes pulled to his chest like a shield. But stepping into the light of the garage meant Cas could see the bruises and blood clearer. Cas gasped. “Yeah, well, he wasn’t exactly sober when he kicked me out. I’m just lucky the bruises will fade,”
It was like watching a film scene change. Castiel’s switch from ‘royal bodyguard’ to ‘loyal friend’ made his shoulders relax, his smile creep out, and his walk changed from a stiff, calculated one to a lazy saunter. He sat down next to Dean and swiped some popcorn from Dean’s container.
‘I’m joking,’ He knotted his finger in Cas’ tie and pulled the angel closer. ‘Wouldn’t dream of hurting you, lover,’ Dean breathed onto Cas’ lips, and a low moan escaped Castiel. Dean flashed his eyes black. ‘You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?’
‘Cas,’ Dean peered into Cas’ nervous eyes, the smallest smile on his face. ‘How are you sure that worked?’ Cas frowned.
‘Do you want me to make love to you, or do you want to fuck yourself onto me?’ Every time Dean heard his angel curse like that, it made the darkness in him sing. He knew his eyes flicked dark because Cas’ eyes flared with grace in response.
“That’s a bit harsh,” Dean smirked. “Let’s arrange for them to be split and sent to every member of Parliament who voted for the marriage equality bill. If there’s not enough, do you think we could order some more roses?”
Silence fell in the Impala, and Dean took the second to run his thumb gently along the Impala’s wheel again. Rain started to pour down the windscreen, but he did not need his wipers, because the water just flowed right off the screen without much hassle.
“If you insist, Cas,” Dean leaned against his door, giving him a small smile. “Goodnight.”
“Probably that I’m being a brat and I need to wise up, Cas. What would you tell me to do?” Dean waited as Cas shut the driver’s door, and together they made their way up the front steps into the palace, Castiel always a step behind Dean. He always maintained propriety, even when they were just hanging around the castle. It only annoyed Dean a little, but it’s not like Cas can help it. It is his
It took everything to convince Dean to try to fall asleep on the first night back in the Bunker. Every time he closed his eyes, he would jolt awake at the memory of Emma dying in front of him. He soothed himself by getting up out of his bed and standing in the doorway of the room across from his, where Emma was sleeping soundly in her crib. Castiel was by her side, reading some old tome from the Men of Letter’s library.
to save me,’
“Did you want me to wake you tomorrow? I’ve got my American Lit class at eleven, so we could have breakfast together. Might even make some pancakes,” He cleared both their plates and glasses and made his way towards the sink. Lethargy hit him as he rinsed the dishes. He’ll have time to wash them properly tomorrow, so he let the dishes rest before coming back to the dining room, tilting his head in question.
“Possibly,” Sam murmured. “But there have been other instances over the years. Also, not to mention, you two
“You think I don’t know that? I know that he held everything he had ever gone through behind me. He never processed anything he went through properly because I never processed anything I went through properly. He chose me,
“Cas, I,” Dean took in a heavy breath. “I gotta say, man. This was not how I imagined it,”
“That settles it. Family movie night, out in the land of the living!” Dean grinned, and both Sam and Cas mirrored his smile. It was so rare to see Dean this cheery. His happiness was incredibly infectious.
So instead, he pulled Cas in for a hug. Ever the same motions. Together they looked up at the sky, arms still around each other, and Dean could swear the same blue stars from Purgatory echoed his love back to him. But he was no longer in Purgatory, this was home, yet the stars glistened that same damn blue. Dean held back tears as he pulled away from Castiel. Desire.
“Michael has no right to say where I can and can’t go, and besides Castiel,” The figure cocked their head. “You summoned me here,”
trilogy. Extended editions, of course, because they weren’t heathens.
Would’ve been better if it was Led Zeppelin, but Dean ignored that small voice in the back of his head. He shouldn’t be so picky; he should be thankful. This was
“We’re currently in Mark Twain National Forest, about eight hours away from Lebanon,” Cas glanced back at Emma. “I
In his first year of teaching, he became particularly fond of the students from his very first class.
’ from the younger man’s mouth. “The novels you’ve published deserve all the praise in the world. Your characters, the way you structure your plots, the twist endings...it takes everything in me not to call you just to beg for another taste of your intelligence, love,” Dean knew he was completely gone on the compliments because otherwise, he’d be squirming to get away from them. Castiel knows the best time to lather him in affection, and it was when he was like this, laid prone and rendered practically immobile. “You’ve missed me, haven’t you, love? I hope so because I’ve missed you
you know me?” He frowned at his face in the mirror out in his loungeroom. He had bags under his eyes again. Last night he barely slept, and judging from Cas’ worrying glance, his bodyguard was aware of the insomnia. There were no nightmares this time, though, which Dean was taking as a blessing in disguise.
Before his brain could think of a reason to fight it, Dean felt Cas’ arm wrap around him and he just...let it happen. Cas must’ve been doing something with his angel mojo because Dean could feel his attention drifting like a cloud on a lazy summer’s day, basking in the warm feeling of
“I asked around, and it turns out Dean’s publicist knows a lot more about the two of you than the public does. I only asked about the flowers, and about the movies,” He chuckled. “Your favourite movies are definitely on the agenda for today, if I have any say in it,” Dean glared playfully.
“The Queen demands an audience with you and your brother, regarding your Summer Solstice masquerade party,” Cas pulled up outside the gates of Castle Winchester, getting waved straight through. Dean always loved his home, but he’s well aware it is not normal to have been brought up in a literal castle. The ancient cobblestone driveway, the sandstone water fountain, the 16th century-inspired French architecture, massive sweeping gardens―he knew it wasn’t a normal home, by any stretch of the imagination, but Dean still enjoyed the magnificence of it every time.
. Everything was Castiel. Dean tipped his head to the stars above and felt a fury rush through him. How
Once all the eldest brother’s alcohol was drained, they went into Dean’s bedroom. It was here Sam shook and trembled. He hadn’t even gone further than the door, but the lingering scent of gunpowder, motor oil, and whiskey punched him in the gut. Everything was exactly as Dean had left it. His messily-made bed, the broken mirror, his job application for a mechanic’s just up the road from the Bunker…Sam even spotted a neatly-wrapped present sitting on the corner of the desk. It was like he had just ducked to get some food, and he was going to round the corner of the corridor any minute to berate Sam for entering his room without his permission. Tears spilled down his shirt, but Sam wasn’t sure if they had ever stopped. These days, there was nothing but crying. If it weren’t for Cas making sure Sam was eating something and drinking water, Sam would’ve surely wept himself out of existence.
‘Guess sometimes it pays to be friends with the King,’ Cas huffed from the backseat. Sam and Dean shared a look at Cas’ haughty tone, and Dean glanced into the rear-view mirror to see the angel sitting cross-armed.
“I need your cock, Castiel. I
“As the long-suffering younger brother,” Sam piped up, and Dean groaned, much to everybody’s apparent glee. “I believe I was dealt the hardest hand ever when it came to these two. Do you know how many times I kept
‘Thought that was going to be after Abaddon was wasted?’ Dean gave Sam an amazed stare.
“Good morning, buddy,” He croaked out as the terrier mix jumped up onto his bed and raced into his open arms. Sam felt a heavy pang in his chest at the immediacy of Miracle’s intimacy. He must’ve done this with Dean every morning since they got him. Guilty for ignoring the dog’s emotional dependencies, he vowed there and then to be more attentive to Miracle’s needs. “I miss him too,” He breathed into the dog’s wiry fur. All he got in response was a wet nose to the cheek, but that felt like enough.
“In here,” Cas responded, pulling himself up into a Warrior Pose. The door swung open, and he saw Dean’s wandering gaze become trapped on his bare chest like a fly in honey. Cas smiled as he drew in a deep breath. “Everything alright, Dean?”
‘Right. Forgot you can’t have Bert without Ernie. Fine, your boy-toy can come along too. Might work out to be wise anyway. Savvy?’
?” He glanced around. If he didn’t know this was Purgatory, he would’ve thought it was some ridiculous hippie’s idea of heaven.
“You’re Rowena’s protegee, her little precious baby, her golden child with access to everything she’s ever written down or stolen,” The witch cocked her head. “
There was a podium already set up, with Arthur greeting the press, the palace guards stationed near the gate. The crowd couldn’t see it, but Dean knew they were all armed to the teeth. Every single guard there had at least five types of weapons on them at all times, and Dean knew Cas had about seven on his person at the current moment. He felt the gun holster hit his hip when he hugged his bodyguard and touched the knives strapped onto his shoulders when he had clung to him. He pulled his focus away from wondering where the other weapons were, to zero in on the podium as he slowly approached the microphone.
‘Don’t. You couldn’t help it, Dean. You’re already forgiven,’ Sam cracked a smile. Silence fell as Sam glanced between the angel and his brother, neither of them looking in other’s direction. The room slowly started filling with awkward tension, and Sam was itching to get out before it overflowed into something he doesn’t want to witness. ‘I’m going to go put some ice on my arm, leave you to it,’ He clapped Cas on the back.
of different people, so you better be prepared,”
“Screw you. I know how to be careful,” He went to walk off before pausing. His expression became very serious. “Actually, you’d probably want to hold her. Being newfound fathers and all, probably wouldn’t be best for me to run off with her within twenty-four hours of you meeting her, especially me, of all people,” Emma seemed to understand she was being passed around again and held out both her arms in Dean’s direction. “I guess she knows who she wants,”
“You’re right. You’re always right,” He glanced down at Cas’ backwards tie, to try and quell the emotional overflow happening in his heart. “I gotta tell you something, and if I don’t say it right now, I’m going to probably collapse in on myself and nobody wants to see that, least of all, you,” Dean cracked a small smile at the curious head tilt Cas gave him. “When you...” He took in a deep breath.
“Yeah, nobody could put away food like my brother, that’s for sure,” Sam sighed, a thin smile on his face. “He couldn’t unlearn that either, not when we were able to procure food for ourselves daily. Ever since I was, well…forever, really, he was always extremely obsessed with food, but I guess that was because he made himself go hungry so many times,”
“’C.W’?” Cas tilted his head with a smile, raising an eyebrow as Dean flushed a deep red.
“It’s...” Dean took in a slow breath. “Rowena. Gotta be, man. She’s got Claire. Dunno why,”
“Of course,” Dean murmured, kissing into the stubble on Cas’ neck. The older man brought his hand to Dean’s cheek.
‘Is that all you’ve got?’
“A few times, I got away with it. Not much, just flicking on a light when you’re all alone and crying out for your father to return, or concealing a tube of that flavored, clear lip-balm in your inner jacket pocket,” Cas tilted his head, bringing his thumb up to Dean’s cheek to wipe away tears. “I always wanted to do more, but the last time I tried, just before you went to Hell, I tried something too big and was reprimanded for it,” Dean stared incredulously at his angel, marveling at him.
That was the only reason he was flushed. Yep.
“Man, I hope you can hear me. I hope you can hear me.”
“Thank you, sweet pea,” Sam wiped his eye and pressed a soft kiss into Emma’s hairline. “What do you think of some food?” At her enthusiastic grin, the younger Winchester beamed, and together, they made their way towards the kitchen, Sam’s ghosts fading with the draft they let into the room.
. It was loud here. Castiel wasn’t the only one awake. He turned towards the moving shadows, engulfed in a loud buzzing noise, reminding him of the time Dean thought it’d be hilarious to play around with an amp guitar and Sam brutally pulled the cord out just as he was about to strum the strings loud. That fuzzy disconnect noise reverbed through Castiel’s brain until he started to wince.
The synapses in Dean’s brain stopped firing all together. He couldn’t even muster up the energy to pull the note away from Castiel’s grabbing hands. He just stood there, motionless as baby Emma gurgled away happily into his chest.
At ten o’clock on the dot, Castiel pulled the car up in the Lafitte estate. The rolling fields had given way to a handsome valley, with rows of sunflowers guarding the modest three-story brick house beyond the iron-wrought gates. Dean could see the ocean just beyond the house and felt a fluttering excitement in his chest as Charlie gestured for him to exit the car. He climbed out, breathing in the salty sea air slowly. Dean, Charlie and Castiel were greeted with the welcome party of the entire estate, twelve people in formal linen dress suits. Benny stood at the centre of the row, dressed in a loose white poet shirt and tan slacks, with a wide grin on his face at the sight of Dean. He pulled into a respectable bow, and the rest of his staff followed suit.
“Well, yeah, ‘course I like you better, man. Usually. You’ve been a bit of a prick ever since you took back Jimmy. How’s he doing, anyway?” Part of him was trying to fill the tension with a distraction, but part of him was genuinely curious. “He said it was like being chained to a comet,”
Dean felt that same choking sensation around his throat, and now a heavy pressure on his lungs. Like someone was sitting on him, or like he was inhaling water. He coughed, hacking and heaving, startled to find the water coming up from his throat and spluttering on the steering wheel. The car swerved dangerously close to the ravine, and Dean slammed heavily on the brakes. Still, the rain fell, and it began to pour down heavily onto the metal of the car. Perhaps this was just a glitch in the system.
“Are you sure you don’t feel...”
“Oh, Dean,” Cas held the whiteboard eraser to his chest. “You startled me,”
“You’re disobeying my direct order, Winchester,” The words came out in a low growl. “Stand up and follow me. You’re going to face this wall,” Castiel gestured behind Dean, who winced as he recognized which wall the angel was gesturing to. “And we’re going to make that pretty little ass of yours
**********
“It’ll amount to my foot in your ass if you’re not careful.” He murmured as he eyeballed roughly a cup of juice to go with the ice and alcohol. Dean snorted, and they continued to wander around each-other smoothly in the kitchen. There was an unknowable pattern between them― each step looked calculated and practiced, but they moved in synch without much thought.
“Wait, wh―” He frowned back towards Emma, then his lips turned down as he stared questioningly back at Cas. The angel smiled.
“Alright. I’m right here, Sam.”
,” Benny reached out and dipped a strawberry into the sauce, raising an eyebrow. “Would it be beneath you for me to feed you a chocolate strawberry?” A warm feeling flooded Dean's chest, and he broke into a wide grin.
‘The fuck do you mean, “got her”?’ Joe was still spouting off, and Dean had just about had enough. He crawled up Cas’ body, pressing a heavy kiss into the angel’s neck that dripped with the promise of “
that’s not exactly protocol, now, is it?”
“You said you knew me,” He fired back, eyes full of raging desperation. “You
“You’re taking back control of your life, Sam, and you’re managing your trauma through magic and helping people,” Cas smiled. “That’s the most commendable and admirable way to be, and I hope you know how proud I am of you,”
“Attachment hormone, something people feel when they’re in love,” Sam answered quickly, training his gun on the witch while sparing a concerned look towards his brother. “Curse will probably break once she dies,”
“She’s asked me to call her as soon as I can, something about a lead on something angel-related,” Cas tilted his head. Dean frowned as well. Last he’d heard, she was going to be keeping her attention on low-level monsters until Jody loosened the reins a little.
‘So, since you know our names, and our reputations, surely you wouldn’t be stupid enough to withhold information from us, right? This is your one chance, and I’m doing this out of the goodness of my heart,’ Dean chuckled. ‘What’s left of it, anyway,’ He approached the demon with easy confidence. ‘Tell us your name first, and then we’ll get to the good stuff, I promise,’ Dean crossed the devil’s trap, and brought his face close. ‘You can whisper it to me if you like,’ He winked. The demon’s eyes flicked black, and he let out a deep guttural growl. Dean rolled his eyes, and swing his right fist into the side of the demon’s face. There was a satisfying crack, and a small amount of blood flew from the victim’s lips. Dean flicked his own eyes black as the demon brought his angry gaze back to him. ‘I can do that too, bitch boy. You’re not special.’ Dean brought his hand to the demon’s throat, and he let his angry growl echo through the otherwise silent room. He held his snarled lips in place until the demon dropped his glare.
“I truly hope you don’t consider winning your heart a game, Your Highness,”
―” Why was it so hard to say it? He could think it, he could scream it loud and proud in his head.
Castiel was happy before Jack was even born, though, so maybe his happiness expanded to include Jack, but it wasn’t solely reliant on the Nephilim child the Winchesters had come to call their son. What else would Cas’ true source of happiness be?
for me,” With that, Castiel stepped out of Dean’s space, and the feeling of cold water started to slowing submerge around his head. “You’ll want to be quick, boy, otherwise the spell will make you sick if you’re away from me for too long,”
“It’s the stupidest thing, Leen. It’s,” He huffed out a laugh. “It’s so ridiculous,”
“Cas, please stay. That couch-bed-thing looks big enough to afford a bit of wiggle room between the three of us,” He smiled. “But I call the middle!”
“I’ll bet,” Benny smiled, his eyes shining in the bright sunlight. Dean couldn’t help staring at him, couldn’t help the tilt of his lips as he reflected his friend’s grin. He knew he should stop looking, stop responding, stop remembering, but something was pulling him in again. “You good there, Chief?”
“So,” Cas mused, sifting the amber liquid in his glass tumbler.
“Dean,” Cas breathed, gaze flicking from the hunter to the baby in awe. “That’s...is she...I think...”
royally screwed.
“Calm down there, cowboy,” Dean whispered, bringing his fingers to Cas’ hand still tightened around Dean’s hip. “Let the man finish his sentence,” He locked eyes with Cas, who took in a deep unnecessary breath before turning his tentative attention back to Benny.
‘Why don’t you try? Tell me when you can,’ His words were shaky, as his lips curled up in pleasure when Dean started riding him in earnest. Dean reached out with the residue of his demonic powers, and something shifted in his vision. Feathers threaded with a blue-white glow decorated the expensive bedsheets, and Dean felt his hands buried in the softness of his angel’s wings. The glow washed over his skin, and he groaned as the feathers burned against his skin. ‘Dean?’
he is to the angel, soul to grace, just like when they first met in Hell.
, yes, but,” Cas sighed. “There seems to be a...disconnect, I suppose. I
“And I’m sorry it took you so many years to finally see it, but I am so proud of you, Dean.” His smile just continued to stretch on his face, and Dean mirrored it as widely as he could. A hard blush crept up his neck and blossomed beautifully on his cheeks.
Castiel’s different.
“Sam?” Eileen asked gently, resting her hands on Sam’s shoulders. Sam felt like a dying balloon, the minuscule amount of breath left in him slowly sneaking out of pinpricks so small to even see.
“Sure was, buddy. Spiderman is awesome. Is he your favourite superhero?” Dean glanced in the rear-view mirror to see Jack’s sugar-high grin shining back at him.
“Well, the least I could do is be with you until you get settled with Eileen,”
“Monterey County, Eileen found an old cottage near Pebble Beach, and it’s serene and just...peaceful,” Sam sighed softly.
“It’s only been one day. You’re just using it as an excuse,”
have called me what I believe is a slur, and I
“I mean,” Cas smirked. “Sam was right. I
Miracle’s sobs turned into a soft
“As you wish,” He dug his fingers into Dean’s hips, hoping he could one day leave claiming marks there too. This body, this soul, this miracle was all
“Ah,” Dean grit his teeth. “Fantastic, so he was
“Only waiting for you, sweetheart,” Cas relished in the starry look he brought out in Dean’s eyes at the words. The hunter huffed out another breath as he slowly brought his hands up to Cas’ jacket, gripping the material in his hands. Dean gave Cas his best devil-may-care smirk, and at Cas’ eyebrow raise, it melted into a genuine smile. “I’ll wait forever, Dean.”
“I am whatever you want me to be, whatever you need me to be,” He whispered like his devotion was a conspiracy. “An enemy to fight, a friend to sit in silence with, a brother in arms, a lover in the sheets,” His eyes sparkled with warmth as Dean huffed a small laugh. “Whatever you will have of me,”
The response was immediate.
********
“Cas healed him up,” Sam felt a small lurch in his chest at the mention of Mick. “Bet he was elated about that,” The sting of jealousy surprised even him, and judging from the silence on the other line, Claire was buffering her response. “Don’t say anything to Dean, please,” He whispered, and Claire laughed.
“I watched over you when you pulled your brother from that fire, I watched you calling out in the middle of the night for your mother, then for your father, and I watched you shovel all your emotions down because your father preferred a weapon over his son,” Cas’ voice cracked, ever so slightly, and that was Dean’s undoing. The fact an
Oh honey no.
It was only for a second, and he barely grazed Dean’s skin, but to both men, it felt like a revelation. Dean let out a surprised noise, low from the back of his throat. Cas brought his hand to Dean’s shoulder and squeezed it before walking away.
“She’s
, Dean,” Cas’ voice came out in a hushed tone, and Dean’s chest trembled as he drew in a slow, shaky breath. “That’s it, you’re doing so well, sweetheart. Keep going. You were thinking of me, were you? Is this the first time you’ve thought of me since we last parted?” There was a flicker of emotion beneath the calm and controlled exterior Cas presented in his voice. If Dean didn’t know Cas as well as he did, he probably wouldn’t have caught it. But he knows Castiel
, baby, I honestly thought I’d lost the love of my life when you left me,” He dipped his tongue across the plains of his chest, pressing open-mouthed kisses over Dean’s nipples.
‘Yours’, Cas panted out, and he felt Dean’s grin against his skin. The hunter licked his neck before clamping his teeth down, suckling hard. Low moans tried to slip from his lips, but Dean slammed his hand over them. Faded memories of Castiel doing the same thing to Dean, years ago now, flashed in the angel’s head. The pain gave way to pleasure as the hunter pressed a hard kiss into the violet-red bruise.
” Dean felt a new wave of heat swallow him up as the term echoed in his head. From Castiel’s heavy exhale, and proud smile, he could tell it was something Cas was waiting to hear. That icy-hot tendril of grace pressed against his greedy hole, and before Dean knew it, he was being slowly fucked open by Castiel,
Cas zeroed in on those final few words. The only information Cas managed to get out of Dean about John Winchester was he isn’t exactly a role model. There had been a few emails asking if Cas knew anything about alcoholism and whether it was a hereditary thing or just a learned trait. Heart in his throat, Cas responded.
“In comparison to Cas, yes, Dean,” He lowered his head. “You know what? I’ll go on my own. You two clearly need to sort whatever shit it is you’ve been shoveling around each other all these years,”
“No damn way, man. My parents managed to cart me
“No, but my friend Charlie did. She loved it, but she was really annoyed when she kept trying to find more of the writer’s works. Did you use a pseudonym or something?”
Before he knew it, the elevator doors opened, and Dean was met with a dimly lit corridor. He exited quickly and made his way towards Room Twenty. He could make his way there blind. Straight down the corridor, turn right, continue further, then it’s the final door on the right. No neighbors on his left, and Room Eighteen is vacated most months of the year. The owners only use the condo as a holiday space, which always worked out well for Castiel.
Dean. Or rather, his prayers. “How are you doing this?” The Empty didn’t answer him, even as the darkness around them swallowed them both whole, and Cas was alone again.
. This was hardly the first time he realised that, but this time, it settled deep into his bones. The situation with Amara confirmed it. Castiel meant so much, almost
“Thank you, Dean. How have you been?” Benny pulled Dean the slightest bit closer, and Dean gave his shoulder a gentle squeeze.
“Don’t discount yourself, Cas,” Sam placed his glass down on the table, eyeing the angel seriously. “Without you, I would’ve gotten into the Impala and driven myself into the drink as soon as Dean’s funeral was over,” Silence fell over the two of them, as Cas considered him, doubt coloring his expression. “What?”
“Ah, Princess Bride, damn, you’re really going for my heart, aren’t you?”
to attend those stupid Parliament meetings, but his mother demanded he makes an appearance to them, at the very least to ‘show a united front’ for the family. Whatever that means. All Dean knows is he wanted to jump onto the court floor and start throwing punches at Viscount Shurley, who suggested reinstating gay conversion therapy.
“Trending, already?”
“You two had a
***************
“Alright, alright,” Dean smirked. “We get it, people are suckers for that bodyguard-falling-for-his-charge trope,”
The demon let out a low growl, eyes flicking black at the sight of Dean. His vessel was an unassuming male― mid-twenties, Caucasian, brown eyes, military-cut hair. His gaze went to Castiel walking in beside Dean, and the demon's lips curled up into a malicious smirk. Dean could see his tongue lightly running on his bottom lip as he took in Castiel’s appearance. That same dark snarl whispered deep in Dean’s chest, and he knew he needed to restrain himself from stabbing him on principal.
does. “It would be dangerous for you to know such intimate details about your professor, Dean,”
So he did, and he did it well. Whenever Dean would message asking if he was free, Cas would keep busy by catching up with Balthazar more. He didn’t completely shut Dean out, though, still keeping up an amicable conversation whenever they were in class, but he kept it strictly related to schoolwork. Even though he knew it would become easier in the long run, all he could feel was pain like barbed wire wrapped around his heart. Every breath he took caused his heart to pulse harder into the barbs, and he knew the one thing that could staunch the bleeding, was the one thing he can’t have.
The dive bar Dean found for them was the worst watering hole he could’ve pulled them to on this side of America. The walls were covered in torn stickers of bands that have never made it higher than playing for one night at the joint, the bar itself was slowly rotting from the outside wood, and Dean was fairly sure the flickering sign above the grimy mirrors reflecting the top-shelf drinks was not just for dramatic effect.
“Are just we two going to be enough, if it’s Crowley
“Ah,” He breathed out as his fingers locked on the small bottle of lubricant in his pants pocket, before pulling it out. Dean’s eyebrows shot up in amazement.
“Yes, Dean, here we are.”
“Dean, you should have a quick nap, I can get us to Lebanon from here,” Cas brought his hand to Dean’s thigh and gave it a small squeeze. Dean made a low noise like a balloon releasing the tension, and Cas chuckled. “Please,”
“You can try, Cas, but it’s gonna take a long time to stop me from―” Dean choked as his throat started to close. He opened his mouth to try and take in air, and Castiel pushed his thumb past his lips.
His third date with Crowley had to be cancelled so Dean could spend the day resting up, much to his date’s chagrin. Sam was rolling his eyes as he walked into the main lobby, where Dean was standing surrounded by flowers.
“I’m partial to Sonnet 57. I think that’s my favourite,” Cas frowned at Sam, who was now choking on a mouthful of water. Dean thumped him on the back, and Sam waved his hand to tell him he’s good.
‘Ah, Castiel. Good to hear from you so soon.’ Dean didn’t like the immediate smug sound in Crowley’s voice. ‘Did you happen to mention to our boys about how you came across that grace that’s rattling around in your vessel?’
“Here, take a seat,” Dean nodded towards the loveseat they had put up here, under the cover of a beach umbrella. Cas blinked in surprise to see Dean’s jacket resting on Castiel’s side of the couch. They took their seats, and Dean frowned. “Don’t you wanna...?” He gestured to the jacket and raised an eyebrow. Truthfully, the air had a bit of a bite to it, but Cas was nothing if not prideful, so he shook his head. “Alright, fair enough,” Dean nodded, and started humming softly as he glanced around at the garden.
‘No...not exactly. But I know somebody who knows somebody who...well, you get the drift,’
“Cas―” But he couldn’t say anything more, lest he chokes on his tongue. The smoke and ash crept into his lungs and spread into his heart. Dean Winchester, his brother, was nothing more than ash and dust on the wind now. Miracle was howling in agony now, but his wet eyes were staring at Sam, his warm nose pressing softly into Sam’s wrist where he had thrown them into the earth. It took a few moments for him to realize Miracle wasn’t the one howling.
” Lucifer’s snide whispers curled in his ear. Sam shut his eyes tight― this was his fault; he indulged his memories too much and now they’re hanging around like ghosts. He’ll get it under control, he has to get it under control, otherwise, he’ll give in to the urges. His eyes stung as he opened them up to see Emma’s small head tilt, so much like Cas. She reached out for him, and Sam clenched his teeth before pulling her up into his arms.
He pretended to be asleep until he knew Jack passed out on the bed. Once he heard the kid’s soft snores echoing Sam’s louder ones, he sat up. Two shining blue eyes met his like spotlights. Dean couldn’t fight the grin on his face as he glanced towards the door, then back to the angel. That damn smile. His heart was completely in ruins because of that smile, but he was okay with that. The ruins were overgrown with ivy and beautiful art that all screamed ‘
“Feel that, boy?” Cas spoke slowly, his breathing escalating ever so slightly as Dean suctioned his cheeks in tightly. “Feel my grace running up and down your back?” Dean widened his eyes as realization sunk in. “I’d always imagined our first time would be slow, and I could take as long as I’d like pulling you open with my fingers and with lubricant, but we don’t have that kind of time. Not with the―” Dean glanced up and Castiel bit his lip as he took in the sight in front of him. “Not with the way you’re sucking my cock so well. You’re doing so well, aren’t you, Dean?” He tightened his grip in Dean’s hair, making the hunter moan. Dean smirked, as much as he could, as he realised the moan would’ve caused vibrations around Cas’ cock. The angel inhaled heavily before continuing. “I’m going to open you up with my grace, and I’m going to restrict your movement before I fuck you until I come. But,” He chuckled breathlessly. “
started playing, and he smiled. “Love this song,” It
“Yeah,” There was a slow exhale like Mick thought he had his worry put at ease. “Yes, it was quite...calming, actually,” There was a dreamy sound, and Sam flinched slightly. “But anyway, how are you?”
The loud gulping noise from Dean’s throat was nearly comical, and Cas had to bring his gaze back to his pancakes to keep from smirking. The only sound that could be heard for a while was the scraping of cutlery on plates, and Miracle’s gentle little noises asking for scraps. He got so insistent, Dean had to get up and fill his bowl of dog kibble just to distract him from the plate of bacon.
“I…I didn’t expect to see this jacket here,” Cas stared, eyebrows furrowing slightly.
“I’m nothing like Lucifer―”
“Mornin’ sunshine,” He mumbled out as Cas sat down in front of him, glancing down at the plates of food. “Ya didn’t have to do this,”
“Of course, Cas,” Sam reached out to give Cas a one-armed hug. “You’re my brother, and you always will be,”
to help him. I thought you knew that, Cas!” The anger in Dean’s voice reminded Cas of the ocean disappearing away from the shore. He knows not to go looking for the water because he’ll get swept up in the tsunami that follows. All he can do is stay on his high ground, and cling to his strength.
“That’s not creepy or anything,” Benny murmured, and Dean nodded in agreeance. The Shadow took Castiel’s face and laughed menacingly.
'He's just fighting the transfusions, Sam. There is still hope,'
“It was a woman. Dean, why are you arguing about this?”
As soon as the mist touched Joe’s skin, it bubbled and the blood started to run like a fountain. Joe’s eyes rolled into the back of his head, and he let out a scream. ‘There you go! Now you’re getting it! If you’re not going to squeal, the least you could do is sing for me.’ After making a few more knicks around his neck― enjoying Joe’s screams as he went― he made to grab the container of salt until he felt a hard grip on his shoulder. Dean sighed as he turned to see Cas’ concerned gaze.
you were leaving in a hurry?” Dean placed his hand on Emma’s back, fingers resting on the back of Cas’ hand, while he reached into the angel’s trench-coat pocket. The noise became louder as he pulled the phone out, and sure enough, the Caller ID said ‘
“All settled then, Mr. Holden, if you and Mr. Mitchell are happy with your purchase, I’ll just be on my way,”  The man widened his creepy grin and gave Dean a courteous nod.
“Oh,” He chuckled, gently rubbing the towel near the corner of Emma’s mouth where she was starting to dribble. “Yes, she was doing that a little bit last night, too. Pulling things from your room into her crib. I believe she managed to turn your grey Metallica shirt into a makeshift pillow,” Cas beamed down at Emma, who slowed her drinking.
“Of course, Your Highness.” She tapped a few things on her tablet. “So, what were you thinking as far as viable dates?”
“Uh...okay,” He cleared his throat and shut his eyes. He hung his head and was hit with a rush of memories. Memories of late nights, stolen glances, brushed fingers...heavy breaths, shimmering stars, warm bodies...promises, whispers, smiles...his smile, his laugh, his eyes. The stars only ever shone brightly when Castiel was by his side. “Cas, I need you, sweetheart. Please, come ba-“ He felt his throat close up, but still he pushed on. “Come back. You don’t belong there, you belong here with us. With me. I love you,” His voice faltered. “I love you, Castiel. I love you.” The tears flowered up from his eyes and he felt their traces on his cheeks. He stared into the black abyss, straining his gaze for a flicker of a trench coat, a blue tie, a tuff of dark hair. There was nothing, and the hole sewed itself back up like a mess of black thread.
“All good, Your Highness?” Dean was pulled out of his angry mood at the sound of his bodyguard’s voice. Castiel had the most lovely, gravelly tone. Dean wouldn’t ever admit that to his friend, though. There was some type of line there, and he couldn’t bring himself to cross it.
“Well, the thing is, the visitor will be easier to explain when you get here too. But,” Sam hastily added, just as well. Dean was about to start ranting about stranger danger. “Trust me, Mick isn’t a bad guy, he’s just...lost, I think. He’s a Man of Letters, from the British faction, apparently,” Dean raised an eyebrow at Cas, who nodded solemnly, even with Emma playing a grab-and-pull game with his cheeks. “But he seems harmless enough. I checked him, he’s clean, just wants to have some sort of...familiar grounding, I guess? How far away are you guys?” Dean looked at Cas in bewilderment.
“Thought you didn’t feel the heat,” He flicked the air-con on anyway, because now that he considered it, he was starting to sweat a little, and the heat couldn’t have been all that nice for Emma. The air that rushed out was stale and dry, but at least it was cool. Emma stirred slightly as the artificial breeze rushed over her body. Dean shared a look with Cas.
,’ Sam crossed his arms, glaring. Dean paused, before cracking a mirthless smile.
“Thank you, Michael,” Cas’ voice was a fissure in frozen glass, emotion barely contained. Michael gave Castiel’s arm a gentle squeeze before letting him go, turning to address Dean as well.
“Thank you, Cas,” Sam mumbled above his head. He gave the angel one last squeeze before letting him go. His mouth quirked up in a mild smile. “I’ll call you if you’re needed, but you’re always welcome to come back whenever you’re ready. This is your home too.” Castiel nodded seriously before lifting his hand in farewell.
Dean shot upright in his bed, drenched in a hot sweat, and felt arms pull him in for a tight hug. He was okay, it was just a nightmare...just another nightmare...this was Cas. It was Cas. He glanced around his room, and saw his door open slightly, letting the sunlight from his suite spill into the darkness.  Dean gripped his duvet tightly into his fists and forced himself to count and name the darkened shapes on his dresser near the door. Five things, he thought as he forced his breathing into a slower pace. His mask from the party, his box of watches, the tie he wanted to wear today, the candle Cas had bought him for Christmas two years ago, and his phone. Dean heaved out a low breath, pursing his lips so the sound came out in a whistle.
“Thank you all for attending this charity event!” He offered generous applause, much to his mother’s mild chagrin. She had hoped Dean would maintain at least a modicum of decorum, but of course, that was never going to happen. Dean beamed. “Please, help yourself to the food and drink, and be mindful of the various charity checkpoints near the beverage stands. Welcome, and enjoy the night!” People started to break away, and Dean was approached politely by various members of parliament. He maintained amicable conversation, sipping a glass of champagne, but it was when he saw Charlie trying to grab his attention from behind her rainbow mask, standing next to a familiar-looking stranger wearing a simple black velvet mask. Dean sought out Cas’ ever-steady gaze, and he gave Dean a small, reassuring smile. Showtime.
“Everything’s all settled, then?” Dean took a step to the left, better to block Cas out of the man’s curious eyes. He snapped his gaze back to Dean and gave him a slimy smile that set off alarm bells in his head.
“Thank you, Cas,” Dean took the card from Cas, squeezing his hand before they parted. “I really appreciate it.”
“’Live’?” Dean smirked, and Benny gave him a tired smile.
, the answer conjured up in his head, along with images from the dreams he’d rather forget. The silence gave Cas his answer, though.
“You’re just lucky I was going to give her a clean-out tonight, you little shit,” Dean still glared, but the heat of it dissipated with his words. “Go on, get,” Sam scrambled out of the car and disappeared, not before giving Cas a knowing smirk.
? With no reason to leave the house except for food shopping and medical exceptions?
it feels good to be selfish. “Stay. Just, stay.”
“You―”
“Go for it, Benny.” They shared a smile before Benny pulled him in for a deep kiss. Dean’s surprised moan was swallowed by Benny’s lips, and Dean heard small gasps from around him. They had an audience. Good. Let them see, he thought. The prince pulled his hand to the back of Benny’s neck, locking his fingers into the skin there, ignoring his heart wishing there was wild dark hair there to tug. Benny’s tongue slipped in, and Dean chased it with his own, imagining the sweet taste of wine belonged to the one he wanted. Benny squeezed his hips before they broke apart. Dean kept his eyes closed, holding onto that daydream for a moment longer before he opened them to have the imagination of kissing Castiel shattered at the sight of Benny’s grin.
“Hey, so get this...” Sam barged in, and Dean barely had the time to crumple the paper up and throw it at the now-overflowing bin. Sam paused and cocked an eyebrow. Dean cleared his throat loudly.
“Thankyou Cas. I’ll find a way to pay you back,”
Dean didn’t even get a chance to knock on the door before it opened wide, and he was met with a gorgeous sight. Castiel Novak, back again like he hadn’t left, like Dean had never had the nerve to think he never deserved him.
“Oh,” Cas blinked, registering what Dean meant. Their stomachs were sticky with come, and he was still inside the hunter. He pulled himself out, chuckling at Dean’s uncomfortable wince. “How about we go wash up? Shower together?”
Doth ask a drink divine;
about using such a holy form of communication for what they’re doing, but, fuck, if it doesn’t make Dean’s blood blossom in his skin.
“Fuck off, Benny,” Dean repeated, and vehemently ignored the vampire’s laughter echoing around the cave. He approached Cas, slowly, and peered into the patch of flowers. The scent was cloying and clung to his skin like moisture. “Whatcha got there?”
“Why? You think if you were a contestant, you’d win?” Dean didn’t know what possessed him to let the quip fall from his lips, but Cas smirked.
“What do you mean?” He glanced towards Cas, who still looked as calm and reserved as ever before.
“What was that?” Cas frowned. There it was again, and Dean felt his heart drop to his stomach. He
“Sure, sure. Whatever you say, pal.” Dean swallowed hard and decided he really,
the one who knows what the teacher sounds like in the throes of passion,” Dean leaned forward, his eyes burning with an intensity Cas had never seen before, but oh God it was intoxicating. “Only
He stood frozen as black eyes glistened back at him. Dean didn’t move, smirking at the angel.
“Yeah, you got it, Cas,” He whispered into the shell of Cas’ ear. A shiver came unbidden from the top of Cas’ spine and ran the whole way down and into Cas’ core. If Dean noticed, he didn’t say anything. “Now, I want you to take a slow breath in, and on the release, just
A small silence arose between them as they continued to slowly meander through their breakfast. Sam kept flicking his gaze between Dean and Cas, and the older hunter could feel a snarky comment coming on, given the not-so-well-concealed glee shining in Sam’s eyes.
**********
‘Tell me another moment,’ The angel sounded breathless as he pulled Dean’s hands to his chest. ‘Tell me another as you undress me,’ Dean moaned again as he followed Cas’ orders.
Cas frowned at the message, hoping against hope his friend was kidding. Before he could send a chastising message back, his phone vibrated with another message from his friend.
Since when it grows, and smells, I swear,
A low whistle from the doorway made Castiel freeze up. He flicked the safety of the gun back on before turning to see Sam, still standing there, now adorned with a wide-eyed gaze. Cas refused to look away, staring him down hard.
was engraved in the stone pillars near the driveway entrance. Dean smirked as the Mark pulled him out of his fugue state. He locked eyes with Cas and winked. ‘Got her.’
“Dean, let me―”
“Let me start by stating, I know what I’ve come across wasn’t meant to be seen by me. Dean made that blatantly obvious... but I feel like I should just be open with you since I’m calling to ask for your advice,”
“It’s okay, sweet boy, I’m right here,” Warm hands ran through the hair near his scalp, and Dean started to breathe again, even if he couldn’t see the man looming behind him. “That’s it. I’m back. I’m here for you, Dean,” The soft murmurs cascaded down the hunter’s spine, soothing the tension Dean hadn’t realised he stored. “I’m sorry for bringing you here without mentioning it to you. I just figured it’d be the best place for me to spread you out to me completely,” As he drew in his slow, soothing breaths, the words barely tweaked on Dean’s radar. “It’s also probably a good chance to make some
, but eventually, the waves of his orgasm slowed until he had nothing left. He wasn’t even sure if the spell was broken, but at the sight of Castiel looking at him with such pride, such affection, such
“Yes,” Dean brought his hand to the back of Emma’s head, pulling her up so she was shielded from Mick’s sight. “You don’t sound all that surprised, though,”
“Probably not, and I don’t particularly want to test that theory either. The last time I did, I recall you told me it was not very pleasant for you,” Cas indicated the car to get off the freeway, and Dean finally recognized they were well and truly in Lebanon now, and he was more eager than ever to get home, if not just to hold his little make-shift family in his arms for a moment.
“What’re you doing, Cas?”
, rogue angel who pulled your sorry ass from Hell,’ He gave Cas a flirtatious grin. ‘Damn, Dean. I’m amazed at your restraint. If
“You didn’t think I’d be able to maintain the bills for a place like this on just a professor’s salary and my freelance job, did you?” He shook his head. “I’m a writer as well, Dean. Apparently, the public mildly enjoyed my salacious novel about a barely-nineteen me traipsing around the European countryside with a successful British businessman,”
“Nah, you don’t. You’d miss us too much,” Charlie didn’t even bat an eyelash at the prince’s angry glower. “Now, come on. Next week, you’ve got Cassie Robinson. And then it’s Fergus Crowley, Lydia Canning, Bela Talbot, Mick Davis, Toni Bevell, Lee Webb, Robin Holt, and Cain Marks,” She glanced over the list on her tablet, and Dean frowned.
,” Dean squeezed Cas’ hands, pads of his fingers warm against the backs of Cas’ fingers. Oh God, he thought he was ready for this but this was almost
Dean Winchester hadn’t processed anything. Not enough to change the space between them. The realization started a fire somewhere in Castiel’s newly-formed soul. All his grace had been spun and polished until it shone with the colors of the sea, deep green and sapphire blue. Now it was completely and utterly
everything about me. Then you should
“I had so hoped you would have
“I...um...I had a nightmare,” Jack mumbled, and Cas ached at how small and frightened he sounded. He unlocked the door and ripped it open. Jack looked pale, and his eyes were red like he’d been crying.
“Well,” To Dean’s surprise, Castiel’s cheeks colored. “That depends entirely on you, love,” Dean jolted so harshly, some drops of whiskey splashed onto his shirt cuffs. “Dean?” The man tilted his head.
***************
‘I just...I don’t like your friendship with Crowley. He seems to think the two of you are best friends,’ His voice cracked around the words “best friends”, and Dean had to bite down a grin. ‘What?’
“But why can’t you just
. It was a second-year English Literature subject, and there were only ten students there to teach. Most of them were fairly quiet and kept to themselves, but there was one student he couldn’t help being taken by. The way his eyes would light up when Cas verbalised possible connections between theories, the way he would give Cas a secret laugh whenever the teacher attempted to crack a joke― he knew the student’s reactions were skirting dangerous territory, but Castiel didn’t mind. As long as he maintained an amicable distance between himself and the man, surely there would be no issues.
“No shit?” Benny pulled back to blink confusedly at Dean before understanding dawned. “That’s why you wanted to dance in full view of everybody,”
the King of Hell? What, was it like some sort of demonic duckling thing? He was there when you woke up, and you just felt...attached to him?’
He knows about masturbation, of course. He had a mildly embarrassing conversation with Dean when he was human, during the unfortunate time when he was working at the Gas’N’Sip. That was one memory Cas didn’t want to dwell on too much though. He turned to his bedroom door and clicked the lock, throwing his coat onto the chair sitting in the corner of his room. It was an unnecessary precaution. He knew Jack or Sam wouldn’t come barging into his room at this hour unless it was an emergency. Dean wouldn’t either, under normal circumstances, but if he reads that poem...
“Aw, but I’m living with an
With my Sam POV, there are additional tags to keep in mind. I briefly refer to Sam's trauma in the Cage, and I also reference the fact Sam still has his memories hanging around, like ghosts in his head. I am very much of a mind that Jess has never left his conscious mind, and he always always always thinks of her. I also maintain that, even though Sam was cured of his hallucinations of Lucifer, he still sees Lucifer and hears him every now and then. That trauma might always haunt him, but he's gotten better at managing it.
“Morning, angel,” Dean chirped as he brought his dishes towards the sink, turning the water back on.
Dean opened his eyes, not realizing he’d closed them. A tear snuck out and down his cheek. Emma reached out and wiped it away, small baby fingernails catching on the skin. Cas tilted his head, eyes never straying from Dean as he pulled away. The hunter took in another heavy breath, clutching Emma closely.
at him as he felt a sharp, white glow fall from where the angel stood and over his shoulder. “Do
“Well, I’m gonna teach Cas how to shoot, and then we’re gonna go a couple of rounds in that new gym space,” Dean faltered. “
“Sorry. Hello offspring, tell me how you are and what you’ve been up to recently,”
Castiel felt a sharp tug on his left shoulder, and warm air rushed around him. He turned to see Dean, bathed in a golden hue. His heart didn’t even flutter at the sight. Another one of the Shadow’s tricks.
He rolled his eyes and pressed the button next to his friend’s name. The phone only rang once, and he was greeted with Balthazar’s smooth British accent.
“Oh, by the way,” He called over his shoulder. “You should definitely go and check on that book. Just saying.” Then he was gone. Cas waited until he got control of the shaking in his hands before doing as Dean suggested.
“Very much so,” Cas looked at the book Dean was reading and frowned to see it wasn’t the sonnet book he had given him earlier. It was the King James Version of the Bible, instead. “Ah, you don’t suppose you could tell me...”
“Hold up,” Dean leveled his gaze on the angel. “A
He was obnoxiously happy, and he could tell Sam knew it. Dean told Sam getting Cas back was their big win, and he wasn’t lying. But he couldn’t tell Cas how
“Sure, how do you feel about that, Emma? I’m ‘Papa’, right?” He winked, and Emma smiled, her hands glowing. An echo of a gentle trill came through his head, and the words
“Castiel, I’m yours, baby, always have been, always will be, I love you, Castiel,” A sharp moan echoed through the room as Dean pulled Cas into him, evidence of his love splashing between the two of them. Everything around Cas tightened, and he came with a shout of ‘Dean!’
“Cas,” Sam frowned. “That was weeks ago,”
“Hey, Cas,” Sam’s voice came crackling through the speaker. “Dean’s gone out for some drinks,”
Cas ran the tip of his forefinger reverently over the sign-off. Angels don’t cry, but he could feel his eyes welling up at the magnitude of Dean’s words. Anybody who knew Dean, as he stated, knows the hunter does not proclaim his love lightly. Cas has already read the words ‘I love you’ from him, but the casualness of this sign-off and the fact Dean
How do you respond to someone who cut too close to a live-wire in your brain?
.” Dean swallowed heavily, licking his lips, and the curse set off a heavy wave of
“I had a feeling, deep in the back of my mind, that you weren’t being true to yourself with me. But I knew you just needed time, and I’m glad you felt comfortable and safe to tell me.” She pressed a kiss to his forehead. They broke apart just as Arthur entered the dining room, silently signalling Mary. “Our guest of honour has arrived, it seems. Are you ready?” Dean nodded.
“Better to be his friend and know I always have a home here, than be exiled for admitting to feelings I know he doesn’t reciprocate.” Dean liked this voice. But he also wanted to hug them, because he knows that pain all too well. He knows how much it hurts to be in love with someone you can never have. Maybe this is his subconscious trying to help him get over Cas? To try and make room for Benny?
‘Evening there, big boy,’ Sarcasm coated Dean’s words. The demon brought his eyes back to Dean, somewhat reluctantly. ‘Do you know who I am?’
But as he sat here, in Emma’s room as the baby dozed, he felt the freezing fear of disconnect creeping in. This was not like his relationship with John, it wasn’t, it wasn’t, but as he peered through the bars―
“Your Highness,” She gave him a warm smile and a small curtsey, and that was the end of it.
Also, do you think Dean was really dreaming? Or was he actually half-listening in on a legit conversation? Hmmmmmm.....
’ Dean pushed his lips onto Cas’ to silence him, his hot tongue slipping into Cas’ mouth, and Cas was helpless to stop him. Even though he could feel the darkness in him, he still smelled like Dean, and it clouded Castiel’s better judgement. Tentatively, Cas brought his hands to Dean’s jacket and held him close. It earned him an appreciative growl from Dean, yet another reminder that this was
Dean called out for Cas, being careful to toe the line between their reality and the hellish black hole in front of him. Jack had The Shadow restrained, forcing them back to sleep. Dean winced as he watched Jack struggle.
“Hmm?”
“He’d never do that,” Dean cracked the lid open and sipped slowly. “I don’t think,”
“Yes, Castiel.” He could feel his face burning bright red, and Cas gave Dean a blinding smile before taking hold of the hunter’s shoulder, flitting them away from the desolate apartment.
“Are you alright, Dean?” Cas spoke softly, as he’d learned was the way before Dean was all the way alert. The hunter gave Cas a small smile.
Hanging off Dean’s desk chair was his jacket. Sam noticed Cas hovering near it, his hand lingering in the air above the corduroy fabric.
“I can’t believe we’ve been friends for as long we have without you...I could’ve sworn I mentioned I was gay,” The words came out in a mumble. Judging from the look of surprise on Dean’s face, Cas must’ve forgotten to mention it. “Sorry, I truly thought you knew that.”
“Hush,” Cas whispered. “I know. I know, beloved. I know you.” Dean felt another small whine slip from his mouth at the term of endearment, and he finally closed the distance between their lips.
I sent thee late a rosy wreath,
“Sam?” A soft voice called out from the kitchen door. Everybody turned to see Eileen, dressed in one of Sam’s old hoodies and her sleep shorts. She was rubbing her bleary eyes, hair pulled up in a messy half-bun. Dean glanced back at Sam, and couldn’t hold back the malicious grin at the sight of Sam staring at his girlfriend in wonder. Dean kicked his brother’s shin to draw his gaze back and cackled.
“Dean?” Cas knocked on Dean’s bedroom door, just like the hunter told him to before seeking entrance into the room. There was no response, so Cas opened the door cautiously. Not that he particularly cares if he finds Dean in a precarious position―he knows every single part of Dean’s body perfectly. Dean seems to forget Cas was the one who restored his body after his soul was returned from Hell. Cas made sure every single part of it was perfect, as per his instructions from Heaven. But he couldn’t hide his claim on Dean’s soul, not then. Cas told himself back then it was borne from a sense of humility in his accomplishment of the life-threatening task, but he knows different now. It was opposite, and it was the first sign of his ‘disobedience’. At least, according to his superiors.
********
“Fine. How’d you find out about my behaviour?” He shot a mock glare at Cas. “Did Castiel report back to you?” Cas let out an exasperated sigh and shook his head.
The words were repeated over and over again, like a hymn, and Castiel wept at the sound. He hadn’t heard those words since that fateful day in Hell. He never thought he’d hear them again.
“When he told me to watch over you,”
why witches hate you,” She pointed her finger at Dean. “You two better hurry, otherwise poor Dean here is going to suffer severe hallucinations―” A bullet hit the center of her brain and she dropped to the floor in a crumbled mess. Sam and Dean shared a confused look, not sure who fired the gun.
A gentle cry of babbling noises pulled the two apart, and both the hunter and the angel looked at each other in confusion.
everything you desire, but I need verbal confirmation from you first,”
“What do you mean?” Cas frowned. He remembered being very frustrated with Dean when he wanted to go find Michael to say yes. Flashes of that dark alley-way still haunt his memories. Not his proudest moment, for sure, but he
“I’m doing well, Jack. What about you? How’s heaven faring with you at the helm?” That earned him a wide beaming grin.
Dean squinted at the seedy photo, noticing how one of the men looks
“I’m not―your gift is not a carrot, Sam,” Cas frowned. Sam let out a dry chuckle. “Oh, that’s…an expression, isn’t it? Like using my gift as a form of reward system,”
to, but he knew himself too well. If he did it once, he wasn’t going to let Emma out of his room and out of his sight until she was old enough to drive.
“Dean Winchester, you are one stupid son of a bitch.” Benny said sternly, before letting him go. He followed the angel out the cave’s entrance, leaving Dean to flounce ungracefully into the garden he and Cas had created. That sickly-sweet scent swam through his head and made his eyes feel cloudy.
“Really?”
“’Your community’?”
Dean pulls out one of the crates of the locked up cursed objects.
Dean reaches both hands across wood surface, palms up in a now familiar gesture.  They don’t do this often; the last time Cas projected their thoughts was the night before they caught the rit zien, several months ago now.  The angel stares down at the once-white bandages covering Dean’s hands.  After a long moment, (where Dean is scared he isn’t going to) Cas grabs his wrists, Dean’s fingers curling in return.  They both take a deep breath.
, actually
He collapses on the bed; it smells like Cas, like damp air and the night sky.  But it only makes him think of loneliness, without Cas there to stave off his oncoming depression.  He curls up on his side, grasping at the comforter as it it will hold him together.  He can’t fucking fall apart because of this.
He hears Dean end the phone call and forces himself out of the bathroom.  With barely a glance in Dean’s direction, he flips the lights off and crawls into bed.
Dean is utterly shocked with himself at this revelation.  Not that Cas needs the reassurance of being held or anything but he has to crave the intimacy of it. Dean knows he himself does. All that fear had been holding Dean back more than he even realized, he didn’t want to realize. He tried for so long to let this continue to unfold without ever stopping to think about it.
The cars coming to life outside signal that everyone else’s day is starting too.
Cas slowly lies down, Dean following him, throwing a leg over his waist to straddle the angel’s hips.  He feels the hardness of Cas’s erection below his but ignores it in favor of the lips pressing to his. Fingers dance along the hem of Dean’s shirt, finally pulling it up enough to slide around his back, nails tracing the dip of his spine, over and over.  He’s breathless, gasping into Cas’s mouth now.  Castiel sighs in return.
The concern for Cas overshadows even the loudest voice of self-loathing inside his head.
When Dean went to check on him the next morning, Cas was facing the wall, yelling, pulling at his hair.  Dean tried to open the door to get in, but the moment he did, Cas whipped around and started hurling Enochian swears at the hunter, from what he could guess.  And so Dean didn’t try to open the door again. He hung around outside, passing food and alcohol through the hatch to his friend, every day feeling more desperately that he should be in the room saving Cas.  But he wasn’t, he was outside hunting for a grace that might not even still exist.  But he couldn’t think about that.  Instead he watched over Cas from a distance, a twisted thought of himself as a guardian angel ran through his mind.
Sweating hands and strong arms gather Cas back into Dean, shoulders colliding awkwardly as they fight to get closer.  And the hunter loses all sense of self when his tongue explores Cas’s mouth again.
“Why the hell do you want to do this
He passes his thumb over the head again, this time listening to Cas groan as he jerks away from the sensation.  Dean repeats, with a smirk on his lips, wondering how long he can keep Cas on this edge.
“Dean.” It’s a harsh and soothing sound coming from his mouth at the same time. “I have dissipated four different angels’ graces so far, much faster than I intended. Graces are not meant to sustain angels not their own. I need mine back.” Dean knew this but it still comes as disbelief to him.
Cas hums in response, focusing on Dean’s fingers against his back, curling around his shoulder blades and pressing along his spine.
“The people who lived on this floor must have been the ones who were turned to zombies, whereas the ones on the floors below us we either tests, sacrifices, or I guess some could be zombies too.”
The angel detaches and sits on the edge of the bed— taking the effort and time to unbutton his shirt.  Dean watches in heated curiosity; numbly follows his lead and pulls off his t-shirt, feeling shy. Cas drapes his shirt over the desk chair.  Dean’s fingers stall as they curl around Cas’s neck.
Cas’s hand is steady and warm on him, pumping just enough to drive Dean wild with the need for more.
Dean swallows hard. “I’m sorry, man. Cas, I thought you knew. I thought you fucking knew why I had to keep you in there— I had to keep you safe.”
Something is stopping Dean from looking Cas in the eye. “When?” he croaks, his voice softer than he thought it would be.
“Yeah.” Dean’s heart finally hits a steady rhythm. “Let me know if you need any help, Cas and I are almost done here.  We could be there by tomorrow evening if you need us.”
Dean rubs a hand across his face, groaning. “Just make sure he doesn’t choke on his own vomit, Sam.”
,” Sam chimes in minutes later. “And Cas, you definitely need to try this stuff.”
“You never hunted as a human though!” This isn’t entirely true, but enough so that it’s at least a semi-valid point. “You worked at a godforsaken gas station and slept on the floor!” Dean utterly despises himself for bringing it up, for dragging those memories out of the box the both of them so carefully (non-verbally) agreed to keep tucked away. “You didn’t spend your down time learning to shoot a sawn-off or how to set traps or how to track, Cas.  You only know how to hunt as an angel!”
On a hunt outside of Memphis, Sam and Dean spend the majority of the time staking out a nest of vampires.  They’re trying to teach Cas the value of patience when it comes to the vermin, that waiting for more information on other vampires is worth it.  Cas sits in the back of the Impala, twirling a blade out of boredom.  Dean decides to go on a food run, and Cas tags along, leaving Sam to keep watch from the apartments adjacent to the vampires’ nest.  After pulling into the diner’s dark parking lot, he feels Cas’s hand press into his thigh. Instantly, Dean’s sliding across the bench, wanting this more than worrying about his nerves. The angel straddles his lap, and despite their cramped quarters (thanks to Cas willing away their pants), they are able to reach orgasm within minutes, days of pent up frustration spilling over their intertwined fingers.  Sam either doesn’t notice the smell of the car or it’s masked by the greasy diner food scent. Dean makes a mental note to try not to hook up in Sammy’s seat anymore, it kinda ruins the memory (but really, it doesn’t).
“Not right now…,” Dean says, hesitating. “I’m still wrapping my mind around this… I mean, I know what you want and I know that it will happen, but like you said, so many more things are going to change then just our day jobs… I guess, I guess I’m just trying to figure out what else is going to change.”
Cas nods.
“Woah, pal,” Dean warns, a laugh bursting from his lips. “I ain’t the one with all these lines on my face.” He rolls towards Cas, feeling the wing shift above him as he does, and lays half on top of him.  He traces the lines of Cas’s face with his thumb.
playing on the television covers the sounds of Sam’s snores.
Hannah shifts her eyes, making eye contact with a few other angels.  They have been nearly silent the entire time, not one of them even attempting to speak to Castiel.
After letting the car warm up, Dean starts to drive out of town, hoping they have enough gas to make the whole trip, he really doesn’t want to stop. But the snow might make it so that they have to stop.  It’s better than it was the last few days here, but definitely not good driving conditions.
“I told you, Dean, I have been hunting for months now, I know a thing or two.” Cas moves forward, tossing the brothers’ bags to them.
“How did you even get your body messed up while in heaven?” he asks, measuring a length of string for sutures. “I thought you didn’t need vessels up there.”
“Fine, man, you’re equal.  Cas, you’re equal, okay?” Dean reassures him cautiously.  He has to talk to Cas later.  He needs Cas to understand why they’re so careful with him.
repeats in Dean’s head almost three times before it finally makes sense.  Cas then grips his hair, hard, demanding him to continue, pulling Dean out of his stupor.
“These are all the confirmed persons somehow involved in this case. People living in the buildings, people’s DNA found at the crime scenes, people’s body parts found at crime scenes, and those who are dead at the crime scenes.  Oh, and those suspected missing from the scenes.” He indicates to the largest pile he has so far.  That means at least more people are either alive or zombies than unsuccessful transformations or sacrifices.
Cas’s head immediately whips back as Dean does this.  He tries to gasp and moan at the same time but instead a strangled cry leaves his lips, his cock growing harder now that Dean’s other hand continues it’s scratching.  His head drops back to the hunter’s shoulder, rolling, as he plants kisses where bruises are beginning to form.  Dean drags his nails across both of Cas’s shoulders, wanting to see what reaction he’ll receive. He’s not disappointed. The angel rips Dean’s head back, forcing their mouths together, his light filling Dean once again. And his other hand joins Dean’s at their cocks, the grip becoming almost too tight.  Dean’s hips buck on their own accord, a sweat breaking out on his chest.
Another pull on his hips and Dean climbs on top of him, their skin finally touching. More of that light Cas is emitting leaks into Dean through their chests.  It takes every bit of strength Dean has not to give over completely and fall to pieces on top of Cas.  He instead tries to focus on the constant undulation of Cas’s hips in response to his, the delicious pressure and friction.
Cas is standing rights there, his expression chiseled by determination. “Dean—”
“You couldn’t call a foul if you were Alexander Graham Bell— !”
.  Every word or action gets trapped behind the layers of pride and fear that have always done this to him.
“More alligators and other fauna of the state.  There’s at least one black bear, a couple river rats, and—“
“You’re late.” He still doesn’t turn over. “We’ve been wondering where you were for months but you just disappeared on us again. I’m tired, Cas, I don’t want to talk right now.” Suddenly he’s too warm but refuses to take the covers off, trying to shield Cas from his ever-fueling anger. “We can talk about this in the morning.”
An hour later, they walk out of his house and Dean immediately calls Sam, “Well, it wasn’t him, Sam.  He’s dead.”
There’s a murmur throughout the group as Hannah narrows her eyes at him. “Metatron has escaped and we have been trying to recapture him for years.” This shocks Castiel, but not enough for a response; he figured something only this diabolical would have the angels calling out to him. “Have you not been listening to the cries of our brethren?  At all?” she asks, offended. “Have you ignored the onslaught of pleas we’ve been calling to you as we fight this battle— some of us not making it through?”
.  Cas’s hands twitch but they don’t pull away.
“Aren’t you even going to put ranch on that?” Dean teases, looking at the mass of vegetables.
“Alison said I should give you the news? I’m Doctor Halloway,”she introduces, taking in Cas’s stained apparel.
After cursing the clock ten times for not making time move faster, Cas gathers enough focus and energy to go back to the rit zien.
Everything is happening forcefully.  Coat shoved off of Cas’s shoulders and forgotten on the ground, hair pulled to expose necks, nails dragged down backs, hips rutting into each other. Dean has a hard time pushing Cas onto the bed, Cas’s statuesque resistance unwavering, balanced, as his hands search for purchase on Dean’s body.
“Because you always cheat, dude!  Next time we play with the same darts— so you can’t fucking unbalance mine.” They both laugh.
The Walmart is an hour southeast, and luckily it’s barely out of the way as they head for the hunt in Broken Arrow.
Dean stands behind him and look in the room, disgust clouding his face. There are at least a dozen various body parts strew across the room, and he’s not entirely sure they’re all human.
“Alright,” the kids steps forward, grabbing his stick from his friend. “Get ready to lose, old man.  I’m stripes.”
The door clicks closed and his hands tremble, reaching to open the bottle.  Castiel can feel it vibrating between his fingers, its energy slowly seeping into his surroundings, trying to find its way back to his soul.
A stray thought comes from the back of his mind.  Some mornings Dean would wake up, Cas already out of bed, and find him whispering into his phone in the kitchen or between the book shelves in the library.  He always assumed it was Sam on the other line, Cas trying to spare his feelings by not bringing up his brother more than necessary.  It must have been Hamon.
Just as Cas leans forward to start filling out the paperwork, Dean’s eyes open.  Cas jumps, pushing himself out of the chair and coming to stand by Dean.
“That’s not what Cas said.”
Cas looks up, almost-surprise coloring his face.  He coughs into his shoulder. “I know I do, Dean.”  He takes a deep breath then, lets it out slowly. “There is still more we need to discuss about the entirety of my becoming mortal, not just the change in our job titles.” Cas turns Dean’s hands over, rubbing his thumbs over the back of them.
“We’ll figure it out, I’m not worried about that,” Dean sighs, pulling his food back in front of him. “And there’s still no evidence that these people are being murdered— no bodies have shown up.  So, for now, we have a little time to think about everything,” he reasons.
Cas’s thumbs stroke along Dean’s forearms, sensing the tremors.
Maybe not everything between them was going to be perfect,
!” The last word is forceful, cutting through the air so quickly Dean actually takes a step back.
He laughs at himself, the sound shallow in the tense kitchen.
Dean sighs.
“Why won’t you teach me?” Castiel practically yelled into Dean’s chest, feeling like a child both because of the Winchesters’ treatment of him and his outbreak. “Why can’t I hunt with you again?  Why aren’t you hunting?  I’m ready, Dean, I’ve been ready!” Enochian pushed through his lips, a curse aimed at the heavens for not making this easier on him.
, Dean bitterly thinks, taking a longer swig than he normally would.
This hasn't been beta'd yet, but once it has, I will post it again.  Enjoy!
It is a Tuesday morning when Sam begins packing; when Dean storms out of the bunker in the Impala for three days.
(See the end of the chapter for
It makes him think of how raw Dean is, the tenderness of his soul completely overcome with his emotions.  He thinks he’s fooling himself when he drinks himself to unconsciousness or finds a lonely girl at a bar to fornicate.  Dean thinks he’s better than his emotions but Castiel knows him too well and he know his sentiments are what make him.  They give Castiel hope though, something he’s given up on yet still desperately clings to.
There’s one room in the Bunker that Dean spends most of his spare time in because it’s the only empty room. It lets his mind go blank. He leads Cas there, knowing that’s what he needs right now too. Alone on the ceiling, a barred up window is cut out, sigils covering the glass the iron protects. Dean don’t know what this room is for, and he hasn’t asked Sam because he doesn’t want him to think more about this room than he has to, which is never if Dean can help it.
Something akin to hope settles in his chest.  He pulls back, staring down at Cas in what he’s sure is awe.  He definitely feels awed by this moment.  The angel cups his jaw in return, an understanding look comes over his features.
, Castiel thinks,
“Yeah, well, I’m gonna keep looking into that tomorrow, see what I can find.”
. The thought scares him so much he pushes it as far down as it will go.
The angel knows exactly what Dean wants; his briefs are gone when he blinks. A long and low hiss leaves his mouth through gritted teeth.  Cock on cock stills his hips as he focuses solely on Cas’s sliding back and forth over his, the heads catching briefly with each thrust.  Then a hand glides across the bend of Cas’s hip, and Dean has both cocks in his fist, jerking at the overwhelming sensation.  It’s so much hotter than he thought it’d be. He squeezes harder when he reaches the heads, and Cas’s arms buckle with the pleasure of it.  Still supported on his elbows, he keeps thrusting though, urging Dean on with bites on his shoulder that will leave marks later. Dean raises his other hand to spit on it but instead Cas grabs his wrist, pulling it around his back.
“I know, I know, but we’re supposed to be, so it’s okay.  Now though, now I need you to sink balls, not just get them next to the pocket for me to shoot in.  And you gotta shoot like this—” Dean rubs his hand on Cas’s back. “You gotta line up your stick with the ball and the pocket, but you know that— but it’s easier to do it when you’re almost eye level with the back of the stick.”
Around five hundred thirty the hunter hears a bowl scrape across the table right before it clinks against his mug.  There’s a bowl of cereal and a retreating angel as he looks up. Cas comes back with his own mug and the milk jug for Dean.  He doesn’t look at Dean—
.  His blade clatters to the floor as he pulls the vessel up by its shoulders, throwing it across the alley.
.  Dropping the bottle in the trash, he runs a quick list through his head.
“But I’m not.” Cas’s eyes are studying Dean’s face.  Dean focuses on not blushing.
“No, I meant it reminds me of planes, the jerkiness and speed of your ‘zapping.’ I just don’t like it, okay.”
. Then chooses the matching stationary next to the journal as well.
“Castiel, you are needed presently,” reverberates inside his head.  He pauses for a moment, shakes his head in an all-too-human impulse, and resumes folding jeans.  It’s not the first time he’s heard the call of Heaven, he’s been evading the requests ever since his grace regained full ability and power a few months after he got it back.
Castiel smirks again, drawing a quirked eyebrow from Dean. “I did that before I laid down.”
he won’t be able to control himself. Cas impatiently fucks back, making the most debauched sound yet as he starts a steady grind on Dean’s fingers. Dean, on the other hand, is in shock, gripping tight to Cas’s thigh as he’s watching his other hand move in time with Cas’s ass.
The honesty in Cas’s statement:
Dean enters the bathroom and splashes water on his face.
The older brother’s eyes go wide as he opens the box Cas’s still holding. He grabs for the one covered in sugar before taking the coffee Cas is offering.
“Do you think any of it has to do with the festival that is happening right now?”
Dean had stopped, now his only movement being the hands rubbing Cas’s back, letting Cas enjoy his orgasm.  He grabs the angel’s hips but doesn’t try to move them.  Cas huffs in his ear.  He wants this to be good for Cas.
Castiel still doesn’t know that much though.  Sam decided to go back to school.  When he was out on a solo hunt, he stopped by the university and asked about enrollment policies.  He applied and got accepted.  But he’s still hunting, locally though.  He says he’s in a big enough— and superstitious enough— town that it’s not dull work.  He will call Castiel to ask about a certain spell or some language he can’t decipher, and Castiel will help him as he hides outside on the roof or in Sam’s empty room.
“Yeah, that’s why I eat the salads too,” Same teases. “Not because they taste good or are healthy for me, but purely to watch your raging carnivorous blood boil.”
“Scra— scratch my shoulder blade,” he huffs out, before biting slowly into Dean’s neck. It’s an odd request to say the least but Dean complies, dragging his nails over the structure.
“Cas...bed,” Dean murmurs as he licks a stripe across his exposed neck.
“What?” Dean asks, looking up at Cas from where he lays on his shoulder.
“I’ve got enough bacon right here.” A slice almost falls out as he takes a bite of the burger.
“Yeah?” Dean wills himself to look at his face.  He’s not even sweating.  Dean’s drenched, not sure if it was the dancing or his own nerves that did it, probably both.
“Cas, stop,” Dean breathes, his throat raw like he’s been screaming. “Stop.”  He can’t look Cas in the eye, instead focusing on the spot he knows the Enochian is tattooed on his ribs.
Why when he so eagerly wanted to start hunting as soon as he got his grace back but the brothers said no.  They all stayed in the Bunker for days, idly sitting, waiting.  The two would jump behind corners when Castiel noticed them watching him.  They would unnecessarily follow him from room to room, playing it off like they too had to do whatever he was doing: research, eat, relax on the couch, go sit in that windowed room.  Castiel should have known something has wrong from the get go, but he brushed it off.
“I’m Special Agent Watts and this is my partner Special Agent Wood.” Dean stops the shock from showing on his face at Cas’s calm introduction by looking down at his badge as he pulls it out.
Sam’s adjusting his tie in the mirror, getting ready to go back to the police station, Dean assumes. “He said he was getting breakfast to celebrate.”
“Dean, please— Dean,
Cas pulls back and Dean’s lips follow his. “But they wouldn’t go away.”
.  Dean buries his face in his hands as the television references plague doctor masks.
Dean is truly shocked at himself for being able to say something so vulnerably honest to Cas.  But after only being able to think about Cas’s safety since the beginning of this situation, it really shouldn’t be a surprise.
“Oh.” He didn’t even realize the angel knew where they were going.
The girl’s face brightens up and she leads him to a table in the back. It’s full of vintage and antique looking materials, some stuff locked in the glass casing above the table. She goes on to explain that this is the kind of equipment and tools used in the past for letter writing, documentations, and book making.  She shows him the tools and beeswax mixture that were used in the middle ages for sealing letters. He asks her to take a set up to the counter while he looks for one last thing.
“Cas, you did not.” His smile automatically widens.
“No,” Cas steps in, “I’ll play against this jerk.”
Strong arms pull Dean down until his whole body’s pressed to Cas’s, legs tangled. Dean closes his eyes and just breathes in Cas’s scent,
“Where is the little man, by the way?”
Dean’s mouth goes dry and he doesn’t know exactly why.
I'll re-upload when it's been officially beta'd.
The rest of the night begins blurring together.  Their hips turned towards each other but barely touching, Cas’s movements still delicate compared to Dean’s.  His leg slips between Cas’s thighs every now and again, before he steps back, indicating he’s going to get a drink.  He finishes off three more glasses of bourbon, and his hips are in control now. Cas is closer to Dean this time, their bodies finally moving in sync, but Dean’s too nervous to look into his eyes.
“Cas, we need to get you mended up,” Dean tells him, pushing the sheets off and throwing on his clothes from yesterday. “C’mon, I’ve got a kit somewhere, I can put you back together in a second.”
Dean really does not know how to respond.
Cas asks if he wants to stop for coffee, so they do.  Standing in line should not be as hard for Dean as it is. He’s twitchy with uneven breathing, which he chalks up to not sleeping well.
He makes it happen, wants it to happen.  But he does not like it.
“Yeah, well, I would expect you two to be able to handle it without one of you traveling hundreds of miles to crash on my couch.”
A pause, a heartbeat. “I’ll join you two in your festivities tonight.”
A quarter of the way through the four part series on the plague, and the bottle half empty on the couch next to Dean, he thinks about finding his phone to call Cas.
All he’s been able to think about these past days, with Cas gone, is how to make their life safer for Cas.  What the fuck could he possible do to make hunting
Dean clears his throat. Yeah, it’s been bothering him, but as long as they find the sucker, he doesn’t care. “Once we get the reaper, it won’t matter much, will it? The deaths will stop.”
They’re on the road for an hour before Sam speaks up again. “Why’d you get Cas a present? You haven’t gotten him any Christmas presents before.”
“We need more O neg— no, clamp first, Donnelson!”
Cas looks actually shocked.  Dean feels the expression echoed on his own face.
, but if it means Dean gets to kiss Cas like this whenever he wants, then he’s not going to fight it. He can’t, he doesn’t have the strength or the will anymore.
“Don’t act so surprised, Dean.” He looks over his shoulder. “I have been avidly hunting for several months now.  I know a thing or two.”
Sam pushes his hair back, staring at the ceiling of the car. “You have this idea of who you are in your head.  I mean, everyone has this perception of themselves, and you just so happen to like to stay as close to what you think your true self is.  You dress a certain way because that’s the only thing you’ve let yourself be comfortable wearing.  You listen to certain music because that’s the only thing you were exposed to growing up.  You put yourself in this little box and you just kept thinking you had to stay in it.
And Dean explains to Cas, “I think, I think the alcohol prompted something in you, and so did finally using up the last of that borrowed grace… You were fine right after I left you, nursing your hangover by getting drunk.  I thought you were going to be fine; I was just going to leave you to get drunk, pass out, sleep it off.  Repeat it maybe.  But then—” Dean stops and looks out his window, forcing himself to remember the truth. “Then, after Sam and I came back from a trip upstairs...you had destroyed the Bunker. There were tables overturned and walls were smashed to pieces, one of the tunnels had caved in…”
“You’d be surprised what strength helplessness can give to some souls,” the reaper counters from inside the trap. Sam is looking up ways to banish a reaper right now, but they’ll probably just kill him. They still have an extra angel blade in the trunk.
After Dean finishes telling the story he tries and fails to get Cas to talk to him. Eventually he just gives up and turns the music back up, Def Leppard rolling out the windows. Yet he only seems to hear the shame and desperation radiating off of Cas.
“I’m not fragile, I don’t need you to always be looking over my shoulder.”
Once inside the Walmart, Cas and Dean split, Cas on non-necessities: food, medication, and first aid; Dean finding the essentials: alcohol and rock salt.  They meet back up at the checkout; arguing over which box of breakfast sandwiches to buy.  Dean finally concedes to the sausage ones because he got the El Sol instead of the uppity IPA stuff Cas has been drinking ever since Sam introduced him to it in Nashville.
He needs to slow down his breathing.
Sam rubs his hands together. “Okay, present time!”  He leans over the arm of the couch and grabs all six presents. “Yours and yours,” he says, handing them to the respective receivers.
Dean’s head shoots up. “What the hell?” he asks. “How the hell did you do that?”
This denial only works for as long as Dean keeps his eyes shut.  If he opens them, then everything will be real, and he’ll have to think about it.  Right now, since his eyes are closed, he can ignore the feeling bubbling in his gut telling him this is wrong.  He can enjoy the feeling of Cas’s body against his, the way his arms are circling him, his hands fisting in his shirt, the electric smell of Cas’s skin that overwhelms him because he’s so close.
An hour later, Sam and Dean are ladling soup into bowls and grabbing fistfuls of bread, all while trying to balance their beers too; they head to the living room to watch a game.  Cas sits with them, quiet, sipping one of Dean’s beers.  He didn’t want to eat tonight.  This football game isn’t as exciting as the baseball game they watched a couple months back, and so it’s not enough to keep Dean’s mind occupied from thoughts of Cas.
For the next couple hours, he stares at Dean from the foot of the bed.  His eyes glued to the point on his chest that proves he’s breathing.  He’s alive, he’s okay.
“You know what, I’m going to go the bathroom, you tell them I’ll be out in a minute.”
He rolls away from the sound of his voice when he speaks again, “I was looking for my grace again.”
Paige smiles up at them both. “Is that all then?” she asks, completely oblivious that Dean wants to jump out of his skin, run out of the store, fall through the floor.
Cas’s eyes fall closed as he leans their foreheads together.
Cas’s fingers wrap more securely around his wrists.
“’M’not,” he mutters, laughing at his own slurred defense.
.  Dean repeats the motion, this time swiping his thumb over the head as precum drips out.  The angel’s entire body spasms at that touch.  Dean wants to take Cas in his mouth, feel the weight of the cock against his tongue but something holds him back.
“Hey, Cas, where you at?” Dean asks, his voice thin from coughing so much.
Cas looks up, and Dean convinces himself that the smile Cas gives comes from his gratefulness to stop fiddling with his coffee. “I can take us,” he offers willingly.
“And, I mean, c’mon,” Sam says, arching an eyebrow at him, “The way you fought for his grace, the way would wouldn’t give up on him.  At one point, even I thought he was a lost cause, he was not in his right mind and we felt nowhere close to finding his grace. But you wouldn’t give up on him, you would never stop fighting for him.  And, I mean, really, the way you would sit outside that door pining for him most days.” Sam snorts. “It was pathetic, dude, you were completely lost in him.”
Castiel is instantly angry.  His stomach burns with emotions he can’t put names to.
He knows it’s a low blow; he knows he shouldn’t bring Sam into it.  He also knows exactly why the brothers were so intent on making sure to ease him back into the lifestyle of hunting, it was his own fault he went insane before reuniting with his grace.  But that doesn’t stop him from being furious with Dean right now.  Continually, Cas would let Dean, and Sam, do as they please, even in situations involving Heaven and angels.  How many times did Cas have to fix their mistakes because of their foolish actions?  And he still let them choose their own path the next time.  The brothers were reckless in their actions, not learning from past mistakes.
“I mean, obviously I had no solid evidence, and it’s not like I could ask you. You’d flat out deny it, don’t even lie. And I shouldn’t have to ask Cas.”
Stepping back into the shower, now naked and reaching for the shampoo, Cas comments, “We’ll pick up more medication and cough drops at Walmart.”
Cas presses back steadily, slowly swallowing Dean’s cock.  His head hangs between his shoulders again and his breathing is harsh as he gets accustomed to Dean’s girth.
Sorry this took awhile, school started again. :/
“Hey, do you mind stopping at a place downtown?” he asks holding his hands up to the vents.
RECORDING TWENTY-SIX
Later that night, neither of the brothers hears Cas slam his fists on his desk.
“Woah, dude, don’t you think you better slow down?”
“Dean, I caused this mess and I now have the power to help fix that.”
. What is he supposed to do if he loses Cas after everything now?
Dean takes a deep breath, making sure not to look Cas’s direction. “You exploded, Cas. You had a complete break— it’s like— it was like you were going through— through withdrawal or something. I’d never seen anything like that.” Dean feels ashamed but he can’t pinpoint why.
Dean heaves a heavy sigh and sits up straighter in his seat, and he explains the rest to Cas.
Dean feels the need to be the one who cooks, especially since it was one of the only ways he could surely take care of Sam growing up.  It’s not that he doesn’t enjoy Cas’s basic recipes, but that his sense of responsibility far outways many of his wants in his life.  Cas has been trying to help Dean realize that he doesn’t need to do everything himself, and that handing off some of the responsibility is not showing weakness or carelessness.  He’s been hoping that letting Dean know he is willing to help gives Dean the opportunity to choose to let him.
Handful of notes I have no particular reason for telling you other than I want to tell you:
“I was referring to your penis!” Cas jokes, gasping for breath as Dean starts tickling his ribs.
The first victim was a teacher with an apple pie life.  She loved her job and her family, the only bump in her life had been when she was diagnosed with Crohn’s disease, but everyone assured Dean that she even took that in stride.  She prayed every day and apparently she was “finding solace from her disease in her relationship with the Lord.”
Dean pulls the fries out of the oven right as Sam walks into the kitchen with a case each of their favorite beer.
Dean takes in his surroundings and his current condition before speaking, “I guess we should have called Charlie a couple days ago, huh?”
Dean softens slightly but not enough to not be angry with Cas. “Cas, dude, we’ve been looking for that for a long time, isn’t it time to give up?” It’s heartless, he knows, but he’s so exhausted with hunting that it doesn’t even matter that Cas’s grace isn’t a monster to be hunted.
“Cas,” he grunts out between kisses, “Cas, get us back to the motel.” It’s as much a plea as a demand.
As she’s doing that, Sam turns to Dean. “What’s up?” he asks.
