“No Dean, he’s chosen you over Heaven.” Sam wasn’t right, was he? Dean felt a massive headache starting, he was drowning in thoughts. “Dean. Pay attention.” Dean’s head snapped back up and looked at Sam.
He’d already spent the past few hours shadowing Dr. Fitzgerald (or Garth as he insisted on being called) and had seen enough to realize that Family Medicine was understaffed and struggling to do the best they could for their patients given the absurd constraints on their time. Garth was currently seeing a patient who didn’t want a stranger in the room, so the doctor had told Cas to grab some lunch. Cas had intended to do just that when he saw Alex making frantic phone calls at the front desk. When she’d hung up, she’d looked at the end of her rope, explaining to Can that one of the other nurses called out and she couldn’t find anyone to cover for them.
“You can hold him. Just get into the center of the sigils on the floor. You can bind his grace as soon as I finish.” Gabe sat down where Rowena had indicated.
“I’m a witch, and a healer at that. The Demon Coven won’t take kindly to you wasting their time with someone as mundane as myself.” Bizzaro-Poppins laughed and reached her hand towards Castiel’s back. He couldn’t see what she did but all of a sudden, he felt a wrenching pain, as if she were sinking claws into him.
“Hey, we did a good job on this stuff!” Cas looked at Dean fondly just before they were interrupted by an energetic redhead grabbing a piece of the bar still in Dean’s grasp.
“Dean, you don’t need to kill them, right? You can carve a Devil’s trap onto a bullet; I’ve read about it in some of the Men of Letters stuff we recovered from grandpa Henry’s estate.” Dean was shocked into for a moment, how had something so simple never occurred to him before?
“Don’t worry, sunshine, we’ll figure this out, just later. We should get moving. If Sam is headed to Charlie’s place we’ll try for Bobby’s. It’s maybe a ten-hour drive, but we can stop part way if you need to rest. Dean squeezes Cas’ shoulder before letting go and walking the last few feet over to Baby.
“Hello Dean.” Dean grinned stupidly at the bright smile on Cas’ face as he balanced a bag of groceries in one hand and boxes with the local pizzeria’s logo in the other.
“I think that’s a great idea Dean. You can’t think of anything? I mean, I’ve had a hard time thinking of something too, but I don’t have as much to apologize for.” Sam smirked and Dean was already regretting asking his brother for help.
“I’m not doing anything. Cas and I both feel better when we touch, I thought it might help. I’m as boring a human as they come, no witchy powers here dude.” Dean continued to run his fingers through Cassie’s hair and Gabe turned his attention to the ‘boring human’. Dean’s soul was impressive, and Cassie’s weakened soul seemed to be responding to it. Huh, Rowena had said Cas could be stabilized, was that what was going on here?
“Yeah, if you think it might be fun. We are good at hunting things after all. Also, I’d like to go into a few of the stores anyway. I want to get Charlie something for Christmas since she put this all together for us.” Cas thought for a moment and then looked back at Dean.
“Well, as lovely as our time together had been, I need to be on my way. I’d rather not be here when the Demon Coven comes to pick you up, it’s much easier to be compensated by that group from a distance.” Cas felt himself tense up at her words.
“Whoa, warn a guy first! And what about my car?” Gabe ignored the kid’s protests and proceeded towards the house, only to have yet another human point a gun in his face. Gabe didn’t have the patience for this, he wanted to find a nice couch or something for his nephew, and then figure out if the bindings could be redone before Cassie’s Grace used up his human soul. Luckily for the older human, Dean made himself useful before Gabe had decided to handle things himself.
Eventually though, they reached their destination and Dean dropped Castiel’s hand to hold open the door to the small shop with local artwork decorating the walls. Cas immediately missed the feeling of Dean’s hand but pretended to be absorbed in reading the menu board to compose himself before looking back over at his best friend.
“Crap, that means one of those witches managed to loosen the bindings.” Gabe crowded into the area where Dean could still make out the incorporeal wings that seemed to have sprouted from Cas’ back while Dean had been unconscious. To Dean’s surprise, Gabriel managed to grab one of the wings and started stretching it out.
“No, I was knocked out when the ceiling collapsed. I guess Bizzarro-Poppins could have swiped it.” Dean picked up his pace as he continued to have zero cell signal. They were practically jogging through the forest now and Cas hardly seemed winded, so Dean didn’t feel too bad about pushing them.
“So, Rowena said we can use the Wych Elm wood to kill the thing?” Cas didn’t even look up from the screen to answer Dean’s question.
“Thanks Cas. I – I just wanted to say that I’m happy you came back home when she left.” Dean briefly squeezed Cas’ fingers before returning his hand to the steering wheel. Castiel slowly pulled his hand back into his lap breathing out a quiet ‘you’re welcome’ in response to Dean’s words. The way Dean had been acting recently, this was why Castiel had started to hope. The car fell silent as he stared at the hand on which the angel could still feel a ghost of Dean’s touch.
“Dean, c’mon already!” Sam had less trouble in the snow with his stupid giraffe legs. Dean had resorted to running by basically leaping as far as he could to try and stay above the wintery fluff trying to get him killed. Thankfully, the station was now in sight.
“Sorry, sorry! Did I hurt you? I didn’t mean anything by it, they were just so amazing… I’m so sorry Cas!” Dean held up his hands trying to placate the angel as he also sat up. Cas looked at his wings as if he had just realized they were physically present. Surprise travelled over his features and with a roll of Cas’ shoulders the wings disappeared. Dean tried not to look as disappointed as he felt. Cas turned back to Dean and briefly touched his jaw.
“Do you really want to drive the Impala in a potential blizzard? Besides, Charlie already found us a suite at the historic bed and breakfast. It’s… quaint. Also, they have some sort of special blueberry French toast they make in the mornings, so we figured you’d be okay with it.” Dean conceded that he didn’t want to drive Baby in a blizzard and he had already parked her in a paid for covered space because it was the most secure parking lot he had found here. He also wouldn’t say no to French toast.
After that trip, they had gotten access to Louisa’s duplex and were now in agreement that she had been a practicing witch dabbling in necromancy. Cas had been on the phone with Rowena during the drive to the ranch giving her a rundown on the information they had in the hopes that she could help then understand more of what was going on. Eventually Cas had given in and called Sam, admitting that the younger Winchester had a much easier time getting Rowena’s cooperation.
Despite his persistent fascination with Dean, Cas begins to nod off. Between the growl of the car’s engine, the soothing smell of well cared for leather, and the never-ending thrum of Dean’s presence Cas felt safe and comforted. He didn’t want to fall asleep though, what if this was all just some sort of strange concussion induced dream? Cas found himself pushing his hands up his sleeves and pressing into the skin over his deltoids – an old habit to reassure himself that he was real and present in the world. He trailed his fingers over the ridges of the tattoo-like sigils his Uncle Gabriel had given him sometime before Cas could walk. Only he and Gabe could see and feel them, but it was enough to calm Cas’ racing mind. Lost in thought, Cas didn’t hear Dean talking and felt his leg jump as the man beside him tapped Castiel’s leg to get his attention.
“Yeah, but they’re always like that. Staring at one another for long stretches of time, finding excuses to touch each other… recently Dean is being a lot nicer to Cas though.” Charlie smiled brightly.
“What does he want with these?” Castiel shrugged slightly. Being a very experienced tactician, he knew the best strategy for convincing Dean to help decorate. More than anything else Dean was motivated by helping others.
“I can work with that, maybe we can make something similar. What we aren’t doing is using store bought crust.” Cas shook his head at Dean fondly.
“Dean Winchester! You have no idea what you’re getting involved with. I bet you don’t even know that your friend over there isn’t a witch. Azazel won’t stop looking for that one, whatever he really is. I already told Azazel he’s unique and the boss is very much a collector of the strange and unusual. I wouldn’t be surprised if he already sent someone out to find out where the little freak came from.”
Charlie was really enjoying herself. The night may have started off as a way of helping her brothers out, but this Christmas event was actually super amazing. She had managed to snag a hand-knit elf hat while Sam asked about custom made dolls of all things. Charlie got Sam a headband with reindeer antlers and insisted that he wear them. She even convinced him to take a selfie with her, although he voiced his concerns about her using the picture for blackmail purposes.
“Wow kid, I can’t say I’ve seen anything like these before…” Gabriel reached into the plane where angels would keep their wings and gently threaded his fingers through the down of the iridescent black wings. Gabriel’s wings, like the other archangels’ wings, were considered some of the most magnificent in heaven. Even in comparison, Castiel’s wings were magnificent with the compliments of grace and soul dancing together. The black had the depth of the deepest reaches of space. As he pet the soft down, it was almost as if new stars came to life in the wake of his fingers. When the light hit just right the wings alternatively looked blue, purple, green… it was as if entire universes were contained in the wings. Looking more carefully Gabriel frowned in concern. Wings were the easiest way to ascertain the relative power of an angel, and there was something slightly off about these. There was a small instability, and Gabe realized that grace alone may not be quite enough to maintain this new life. Shaking his head, he realized it could wait until they were somewhere safer.
“But Dean,” Sam whined, “I can get to her faster. I found a tracking spell based on her magical signature. Since she cast more than one spell at me, I can trace her.”
“Yeah, okay. Does that mean that Louisa was some sort of witch, and grew the tree there on purpose?” Cas thinks about Dean’s suggestion for a few moments.
By the time Dean arrived home that afternoon Sam had gone out on a grocery run. Dean found Cas scrolling through the news online after he had hidden the shopping bags in his room.
Dean knew that his memories of baking pies with his mother had a darker undertone that he preferred to ignore. That, even as Dean was enjoying time in the kitchen with his mom, his father was succumbing to alcoholism, something that eventually led to the end of his life in a car crash. Dean’s mom had done the best she could for her boys afterwards, but in most ways, Dean had stopped being a child the day his father died. For all the times spent happily baking in the kitchen and experimenting with new recipes, there were even more moments when Dean was the only thing keeping his family together. When his mother passed away a little over two years ago, Dean could only be grateful that Sam was so close to graduation that it hadn’t taken too much work to get him across the finish line.
If nostalgia for Cas meant calling not-pies, pies – then who was Dean to argue? As long as it meant having Cas smiling and laughing here with Dean, he was happy to make all the not-pie Cas could ever want.
“I don’t know. It doesn’t feel like anything wrong, though. More like something very, very right.” Dean drowns in Cas’ rumbling voice, enraptured. As much as Dean wishes he could stay here and enjoy the moment, he manages to close his eyes, breaking whatever strange thing the two of them were experiencing. When he opens his eyes again Cas looks disappointed.
“I believe so. It should expand on my ability to astrally project my wings, but I’m uncertain it will actually result in physical manifestation perceivable to humans.”
“What kind of plan is – shit!” They both turned to see the Yeti barreling towards them and Sam stopped arguing about Dean’s questionable plan as they both turned to throw themselves down the tree speckled drop off. Sam started yelling something about Dean’s plan being terrible as Dean just tried to steer the trash bin lid enough to avoid the trees, which was getting harder as he picked up speed.
“Whoa, take a deep breath Sammy. I need a way of taking out a demon that won’t get Cas killed.” Dean quickly filled Sam in on what was going on and how he knew that the Demon Coven was likely to have demonic henchmen.
“Uh-huh. Not to state the obvious but Cas has a dude’s vessel. Have you ever seen Dean hook up with another guy?” Sam’s eyebrows raised and then dropped to a deep furrow.
Dean was fairly certain the interview had been a dead end outside of assuring himself the sister wasn’t also a witch, but he didn’t feel their time had been wasted as he watched Cas roam through the stables. Cas attracted the few colts in residence leading to the kids in attendance following him around so they could see the young horses up close. Dean felt a soft warmth spread out from his chest as he watched his best friend talk with both the children and the colts. The children didn’t think anything of Cas having conversations with horses.
“Possibly. The other thing these trees are known for is guarding the entrance to Hades, so it may also be a result of an attempt to raise the dead. I cannot be certain as this seems unlike any other necromantic ritual I’ve heard of. I am also uncertain at to the motivation of raising someone who died over two centuries ago, as the more recent dead are usually preferrable to necromancers.”
Dean was momentarily distracted by a sleek black sedan that did not look like it belonged in the middle of the woods, making its way up the dusty driveway. He watched as the vehicle braked, kicking up even more dust at the abrupt stop. The two men exiting the now parked car were an even more unwelcome sight. Even from a distance Dean recognized the tattoos on their hands – Demon Coven, Azazel’s people.
“I can’t thank you enough Dean, having my magic bound like that was suffocating and that head injury must have been getting progressively worse, I’m almost wiped out from healing myself.” Dean noticed that he’d been staring at Cas and shook his head to try and clear away whatever it was that was drawing him to the guy. Giving Cas a fast once over he saw that he did, in fact, look healed up. Dean was impressed, but it was time to go. Dean scooped up the cuffs and threw him in his bag, figuring they might come in handy at some point.
“Um, I won’t hurt you, right? I know that, er, birds winds can be fragile, I guess. I know you’re not a bird but they kinda look like -”, Cas cuts Dean off before he starts comparing him to a parakeet.
“You need to do something to show him he belongs here Dean.” Sam said this as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. And of course, it was. Dean’s head partially cleared and he started thinking, thinking back to when Cas was the happiest, when he seemed to fit in here on Earth the most, and then Dean knew what present to get his goddamn angel on Earth.
Jack would have allowed Cas to remain connected to Heaven, but Cas asked if Jack could help him find a way to live a mortal life with Dean. Jack had been more than happy to help. Using the bond that Dean and Cas had forged from the day that Dean had been pulled from Hell, to their time in Purgatory, from the times they had faced sorrow and death, and through the love that they both felt for so long but kept hidden deep inside, Jack was able to bind their inner selves together. Cas gained a mortal life with Dean, and a closer tie to human feelings and needs. Dean gained the ability to interact with some of Cas’ true form and occasionally glimpse the souls of others. While Cas was delighted to experience humanity without losing his wings, Dean thought he had the better end of the bargain.
Dean opened his eyes in the morning to find a sleeping angel next to him. He froze as soon as he saw Cas there, more worried that the angel had fallen asleep than about the fact that Dean was all to happy to wake up to his best friend lying beside him. He reached over to see if he could wake Cas up and ran into – feathers? Dean quickly rubbed his hands over his face and woke up more definitively. Yup, those were feathers. Large, gorgeous, black feathers that shimmered like obsidian in the sunlight. It was as if every color that had ever existed had come together to create the shimmering black of Castiel’s wings. While concerned about why Cas was sleeping and why his wings were manifested when Dean had only ever seen shadows, Dean couldn’t help but be enthralled with the things. His hand reached out to pet the one blanketing him before he actually thought about it. He had just enough time to appreciate how amazingly soft they felt before Castiel awoke with a gasp. The wing pulled back suddenly and Cas was sitting up staring at Dean in shock.
“Call Sam and get him to work on it.” Cas let out an exasperated huff in response to Dean’s delegation of research to his brother.
“I can do that. I mean, as long as that’s cool with you, Cas.” Cas snuggled in closer to the remarkable man beside him, humming in agreement.
“Gimme a second, I think I can help you out with those.” Dean pawed through his bag once more and found his lockpicking kit near the bottom. Deciding on the iron tools to avoid interacting with the magic embedded in the cuffs, Dean made quick work of freeing Castiel’s hands. As soon as they dropped to the ground Cas breathed out a deep sigh of relief and then his eyes flashed bright blue. For just a moment Dean swore he saw a mass of dark feathers bunched up behind the healer’s back but as soon as he blinked, they were gone and Cas’ eyes were no longer glowing.
Their moment was harshly interrupted by the sound of a blaring horn. Jumping, Dean quickly moved the car further up the line, having placed his hand back on the steering wheel and leaving Cas feeling oddly bereft. Shaking off the odd notion, Cas pulled his sleeves back into place, wondering what exactly was going on between him and Dean. He barely knew the man and yet it was frighteningly easy to lose himself in those vibrant green eyes.
“I can track Cassie through his feather sigil, it’s basically a fancy medical alert. Cassie’s magic seems to have taken care of the demonic chucklehead; I wouldn’t worry about that for now. I would like to know how they managed to track Cassie though.” Dean seemed to accept Gabriel’s vague explanation as acceptable in light of his concern for Cas.
His hands come up, and he flails as though a mosquito is buzzing around him. “The hell– the hell was–“ He finally catches sight of Cas. “Was that you? What the hell, man? Don’t freaking scare me like that.”
“Gravity,” Castiel says, pulling down Dean’s slacks with strong hands. “The attraction between two bodies of significant mass.”
Castiel reddens. “Well, I do. I don’t have any illusions about them understanding me, of course. But in a very rudimentary way, I do understand them. They have certain patterns of behavior that I’ve learned to recognize.”
“I’ve seen it.” Castiel nods. There’s a dark flicker in his eyes, and Dean wonders if he’s amused at the brag or thinks Dean’s full of it. He wants to believe the former, but just in case, he’d better get down to business.
So sometime last night Cas’s arm lifted from his back, his humming subsided, and he let Dean sleep on his own. And Dean kept sleeping. That seems impossible. Even more impossible than the fact that Dean let Cas hold him like that to begin with.
Dean gestures toward the boxy things – it looks like a chest of drawers, just flimsy, and covered in bugs. “Looks like you’ve made some friends.”
His lips are pursed and gorgeous, and Dean kisses them lightly. “Sam’s-making-breakfast-time. Get up or I’m going to eat it all.”
Doesn’t stop the army of black-eyed bastards advancing on Sam and Dean, pouring forth from the warehouse in an endless swarm that reminds Dean of an army of Uruk-hai and makes Sam look at him funny when he mentions it. They’re hiding out around a corner, waiting for the swarm to  step into the traps they’ve painted all along the alleyway. It’ll be like shooting demons in a barrel.
Cas is crouching in front of him. His eyes are bright with concern. As Dean looks into them, Cas’s hand moves up along his shoulder and slides to his neck. Fingertips over skin, then wrist turns and it’s the back of Cas’s hand along the side of Dean’s neck. Smooth on smooth, and Dean hears a long, shuddering exhalation and barely recognizes it as his own.
And, wonder of wonders, Castiel smiles a little, too. “Probably not,” he says. “But it wouldn’t hurt you to have some of the tools of the trade available, should the need arise.”
“That’s a question with a complicated answer,” Castiel says. He pokes at the lasagna worriedly with a fork, but eventually seems satisfied and brings it to the table. It looks amazing. Dean wants to give Cas the side-eye for saying yesterday that he’s not much of a cook. Clearly he’s the type to undersell himself. He’d probably say he’s not all that great-looking, either. Dean already wants to shake him for it.
Dean makes a zip-the-lips motion. Castiel breaks off, stunned. “We’re getting you out of it,” Dean says. “And then, I’m gonna make sure you have the happiest freaking day you’ve ever had. And it will not–” he points a finger– “be your last.”
It just frustrates Dean more. “That doesn’t matter,” he says. “It shouldn’t matter. How can kissing you be just like kissing anyone else, when the rest is so damn different?”
Time to turn back to bullet-stuffing as fast as humanly possible. “Don’t know what you’re talking about.”
And because that’s totally not the way it’s going, and because Misha’s all about misdirection, he dashes off, “Just the tip.”
“Anyway.” Castiel clears his throat. “There was silence, and I thought, maybe you were going to leave us there, take the Blade and go off— somewhere, to do something. But you came back.”
“Yes,” Castiel says. “And yours.” And it’s good to be in Dean’s presence again, to feel the familiar heat of him close by. If Castiel could, he’d lean forward and drink it in. Something lurches inside him, and he thinks of April. As much as the thought of her betrayal sickens him, he still remembers with some fondness the feeling when she first touched her lips to his. A dizzying, warm tension had filled the air. Castiel had wondered, briefly, where he’d felt it before. Now he knows.
At which point Jared lands on top of both of them and Jensen’s knocked forward again. His forehead takes a long, painful scrape across the carpet, and he howls.
He turns tail and stalks off, followed by a suddenly very nervous and anxious to talk-it-out Stiles, and leaving a speechless Dean in his wake.
“Ah don’t know what y'all’re talkin’ about,” Dean said, chewing on his tobacco and then spitting, disgustingly, onto the sidewalk. “Ah’ve always been a cowboy, ever since my Mama bore me.”
Is this where he’s ended up? After dying and dying and going God and forgetting him and pushing him away and making him go home alone, Dean still hasn’t learned not to count on the guy? Not to lean on him? Not to wish he was there, even knowing there is something really wrong with
But he can’t bring himself to regret it when it happens. Especially not after he hears Castiel’s answer.
Then he thinks about the sea, imagines dousing himself in the cold water, some places blue, some places green as a pair of eyes he knows well and
Castiel knows the walk well, that easy, side-by-side gait that takes them to the motel room door. Even if anyone were watching, nobody could pick up on the tension, the urgency swirling in the air around them. At least, that’s the idea.
“I don’t think he heard you,” Castiel says. Speaking of things Cas hasn’t gotten used to. The subtleties of sarcasm and asides still escape him.
He keeps wondering about Cas. To think a guy like that had been hiding behind that white picket fence for this long. To be fair, Dean figures, it’s as much his fault as Cas’s that they haven’t met before. Dean hasn’t exactly brought over a casserole and said howdy. But damn, the pies he’d have baked if he’d known a man of that caliber was waiting next door.
A flood of wetness then, Castiel’s mouth taking him in, first the head, then suckling down further. Fingers clasped around the base. Dean fists the blanket, biting his lip. The air is cold against his chest, and his nipples harden. Without thinking, he reaches up to tease one, sending electric shocks deep into his core. “Unh,” he groans, his concentration shattered. Now all that matters is Castiel’s mouth and hands on him, his fingers on his own nipple, the rolls of heat like waves at high tide that wrack his body. Shooting stars could be flying by in droves and he wouldn’t even notice.
It’s hard to tell if he means it, or if he’s covering. But Dean’s chest is suddenly pinching hard with regret. “I didn’t mean that,” he says hastily. “I wouldn’t mind, you know, if I have trouble sleeping again…”
Dean is afraid he does know. He tries to regulate his breathing. “I don’t know what to tell you, dude.”
“Please,” Naomi says, and the chorus of angels behind her reach out. “Castiel, we need your wisdom. We need your leadership. Come home to us.”
Michael’s out of Dean. Whatever he’s up to, he’s up to it somewhere else. That doesn’t mean Sam and Dean can relax – because let’s face it, they never can – but they can, occasionally, forget. And it’s Dean’s birthday. His 40
“Guess I should start by closing my eyes, huh?” Dean forces out a snicker of laughter. But he doesn’t want to close his eyes. He doesn’t want to lose the realness of Cas in front of him, and without Cas touching him, he can’t be convinced it will remain.
Charlie minimizes the e-reader on her tablet and goes to the website where she first found this series of books. Yup, that’s the same series she’s reading now, by the same author, who’s apparently written himself into Sam and Dean’s life, or Sam and Dean have come into his life, or something very wonky that makes it a little difficult to understand. The lines of fiction and non-fiction here have been blurred long enough; now she’s reading a book about the books she’s reading, and that is just really mind-bending.
Dean’s jaw hangs open a second before he manages a “Yeah. Yeah, tomorrow’s cool. Sixish?” God, he’d forgotten all about that project. For a moment he’d thought he’d asked Cas out and then forgotten all about it.
And then the guy next to him gets up. Dark-haired, sinewy and gorgeous, this guy, and Dean can’t see him as a potential Pippin. Maybe Lewis, or a really young King Charlemagne. He definitely doesn’t have the presence of a Leading Player. Nice-looking as he is, he doesn’t own the room when he slates, giving his name as Castiel Engel. He’s quiet. Demure even. And then the pianist gives him a C major chord, and he sings.
Charlie’s not the shipping sort. That is, she can kind of live with Ginny and Harry, and she digs Eowyn and Faramir, but she blames both of them on her affinity for red-haired characters getting it on. It’s hard not to sympathize there. But she’s not the kind of girl who throws on her shipping goggles and tries to find life mates for every character in every book she reads. And she sure as hell isn’t a slasher by trade. Not that there’s anything wrong with slashing, mind you. She just doesn’t much buy a lot of it, personally. (Except for Xena and Gabrielle, and Buffy and Faith, and HG and Myka, but that’s … oh, forget it.)
She tries to shake it off, force herself to read. She doesn’t much want to. She’s seen Dean’s eyes, that sadness he always carries around with him, especially when he’s playing the bad boy without a care in the world. But at least the story is good, and she makes it through
“No, seriously, fuck you guys,” Jensen murmurs into the carpet. “I didn’t need half my face anyway.”
Castiel licks his lips, takes in a breath, and lifts his gaze to meet Dean’s. “And,” he says, “I’m glad.”
And for an instant Dean is caught in Castiel’s eyes, and he loses his breath. The warning bell is fading into the distance, but it still sends jarring notes through his body, and he tries in vain to shake himself out of this paralysis. He’s stuck, staring at Cas, afraid of the truth that seems on the verge of dropping into view.
When he pulls back, Castiel’s all red cheeks and wide eyes. Like something out of a goddamn cartoon. Dean extends a finger and pokes him in the chest. “We talk about that
Behind him, the feathers of his wings fill in the gap seamlessly, and in another moment the whole span of them fades into empty night air.
“There are things I wanna tell you,” Dean says. “But I can’t right now. It’s complicated, and it’s a mess, and we have demons breathing down our necks right and left, and–”
And there’s more that he doesn’t say, about why and why not and why now, and I don’t need to hear it.
Dean contributes to the smattering of applause and leans back in his chair. The guy’s poem had been good, not great, but then again Dean’s pretty sick of love poems. That’s what the new guys always bring when they come to their first slam – some poem about the love of their life and how her hair was like sunlight and her eyes were deep pools of something or other. They’re heartfelt, and Dean appreciates that – but it’s not a twinge of his heartstrings he’s looking for when he comes to a slam. It’s the stirring of his soul, that feeling that the words are flying through the air like bullets, ripping him wide open one by one. He wants to be impaled on a poem.
Castiel walks away without looking back, and Samandriel’s “Wait” bursts from his mouth, rings loud against the dark hallway ceiling and stops him in his track. “That’s it?” he demands. “You were just going to set me free and leave me here?”
Castiel meets his gaze, “It would ease my nerves,” he says. “I don’t like being nervous whenever I’m around you, Dean. Especially since I can’t pinpoint why.”
He kisses Jensen carefully, wet lips pulling at Jensen’s own, and by the time Jensen’s wrapping his legs around Jared’s waist and pulling Misha’s head down to meet his own, it’s not because they’re wrestling.
But watching Castiel watch the bees – now, there’s a different notion. Dean could get used to seeing him this close up, watching the minute movements of his hands and the tensing of muscles in his neck when he speaks. The guy he saw yesterday was a stranger wearing a mask, but even if the mask is on, knowing it’s Castiel underneath – it would change the whole experience. Dean could imagine his expressions as he works with them, tenderness in his eyes and a soft smile on his lips. He could grow to know every little action Castiel takes with them, nodding at familiar motions and understanding the reasons behind them. And when Castiel takes off the mask, Dean could run fingers through his mussed hair and cool the sweat from his neck with a damp rag, and they could…
Fair enough. Castiel needs time to process what’s just happened. With any luck, they’ll both know what to do next by the time they reach solid ground.
“They’ve gotten used to crawling all over me,” Castiel says. “So they probably thought you’d be just as fun.”
Charlie knows from LARPing. She’s the Queen of Moondoor, and that also makes her a GM of the game. GM meaning game master, which means she helps run the thing, which means she deals with the permitting, the game requirements, orienting new players, dealing with injuries when they happen, adjudicating out-of-character drama, et cetera et cetera ad nauseam.
Gabriel is not that short, even though Sam’s obscenely tall; his head fits right in the gap between Sam’s shoulder blades, and he likes to run his tongue along the vertebrae there, finding the bumpy funniness of it endlessly interesting. Sam arches, and when he runs his fingers through his hair a torrent of loosened droplets fall down on Gabriel’s head. Gabriel chuckles into the wetness and holds Sam tight, arms wrapped around his stomach. “You’re like a big, wet dog,” he says.
“That. Um. Right.” Cas exhales again, and a shiver skitters like a frightened animal down the curve of Dean’s spine. He thinks his legs might fall off. “Yeah, that’s maybe not so…” Again. Dean’s not gonna survive another breath on the back of his neck. He’s gotta turn around just to make it stop, and he whirls while Cas is still inhaling. “Cas…”
While Cas was socially awkward, he was physically strong and graceful. He’d kept up with his self-defense lessons and even joined the track team in high school. Once he’d graduated, he’d added in yoga classes and was quite a bit more flexible than he looked. If he could manage to get his cuffs in front of his body, he’d have a decent chance of outrunning the assholes still arguing outside if he could get out of casting range fast enough.
“It is if he willingly binds his soul with yours. If you two allow your souls to fully bond, Rowena said it’d stabilize Cassie completely.” Gabe looked smug at his declaration, but Cas felt apprehensive. Fully bonding with someone’s soul seemed like it must be a big deal, he couldn’t ask that of Dean. They’d barely had a chance to get to know one another!
“Ah, I’m sorry man, I don’t mean to trash talk your grandma.” Scoffing at Dean’s words, Cas started to pull the peaches out of the bag.
“Rowena may have overlooked something.” Cas sounded remarkably composed considering how ragged he looked. Dean looked around them desperately for something they had missed. Then he saw how the tree was shivering and pulsing as if trying to reach out to the vampire. Of course!
Thanks for reading! Let me know if you're interested in more of this AU as I go through Suptober - I'm thinking about exploring Dean's life with a chronic disease and writing more about Cas trying to get into medical school.
“Ah, no, sorry. This,” Dean waved vaguely at the impressive scene before them, “is kind of distracting.” Cas nodded seriously. Dean noticed that the caretaker had left, but was distracted again by Cas pulling his hand back. They always touched a bit longer than was probably normal, but Dean still regretted the loss of the warmth on his shoulder.
“Alright, well there’s not much more we can do tonight.” Castiel nods and watches Dean dig through his bag. Dean hesitates for a moment and Castiel begins to wonder if he forgot something at the bunker. Dean shakes his head and pulls a bundle out of his bag, tossing it to Castiel.
“Um, no? I don’t care about that though. I mean, maybe that’s part of Dean’s hang-up, but I just want him to have someone in his life that makes him better, happier, more willing to live. Cas does that.”  Charlie let out an exasperated sigh.
“Yeah, jerk. They are tracking your extremely run of the mill, easily blends in, and difficult to notice, car.” Dean could almost admire his brother’s ability to ooze sarcasm from a distance if it wasn’t a slight on Dean’s beautiful classic car.
“Get Charlie to reverse track these jackasses, go in guns blazing, kill anyone who gets in our way. Easy as pie, and you know how I like pie.” Dean could actually hear Sam’s bitchface over the phone. Who needed video chat with people like Dean’s little brother?
“I’m not saying it’s off the table Dean, and temporary help is extremely appreciated. I just don’t want you to feel forced or pressured into anything more permanent.” Dean continued to stare, but his expression slowly began to soften as he realized that Cas was looking out for him.
“Yeah, it may still miss this area but we might as well see where we can snag a few rooms. There’s some sort of 1800s B&B within walking distance. After that we can go meet Santa Claus!” Charlie clapped her hands with glee and started bounding off to wherever this inn was supposed to be as Sam followed her with a bemused expression.
Now that he’d cleaned up the mess, Dean would either have to wake up Castiel or carry him back to the Impala. As he walked back over to the passed-out healer, Dean checked his phone for service. Unfortunately, being out in the middle of the woods had some disadvantages, and lack of reliable cell phone service was one of them. Dean knew he’d have to wait until he was closer to the main road to contact Sam, but it’s not like he could just leave Cas here. Dean would just have to trust that it would take Azazel’s people at least a few hours to track down Cas’ information and he doubted anyone would go against Rowena without a plan. Hopefully Rowena’s reputation would be enough to protect Sam until Dean could contact his little brother.
“Gabriel. To what do I owe the pleasure?” Rowena’s voice was rich and seductive and if not for the baby picking that moment to wake up and cry, he may have forgotten the reason for his visit.
“Did you have something in mind with these?”, Cas asked looking at the debris of the prior bunker residents.
“Yeah,” Gabe agreed “he’d have to be almost dead for you to have needed that kind of power to heal him. The thing I don’t completely understand is why you survived. Your wings are full of energy, and without the binding spell they should have burnt out your soul, but every time green-eyes here touches you, the soul drain stops. When you two were sucking face your soul and Grace almost stabilized for a moment. Thus, I’m thinking he’s your soul buddy.”
Sam was miserable after his phone call with Rowena. She had been just as furious as Dean had been, and rightfully so. He felt sick with worry, what if Cas was already dead? It was entirely his fault that his friend had been captured, and it was all because Sam had been so desperate to prove to himself that he could handle monster-hunting just as well as his brother. He wanted Dean to know he could rely on him, that he didn’t have to stay hidden away while Dean kept risking his neck alone. That if Dad, or another hunter, found them that Sam could handle himself. Now Sam had to tell Cas’ Uncle what had happened, how he dragged Cas into a dangerous situation all because Sam was tired of constantly being afraid the wrong hunter would find him and Dean would get himself killed defending him.
Just before the power drain overwhelmed him, Cas felt something tear away from his back, pulsing with the power of Cas’ spell and his fervent wish to save Dean’s life. Blue light saturated the car, and Cas could feel every life force in the area surrounding them, including the twisted demonic presence responsible for hurting Dean. As Cas spiraled into unconsciousness, he sent out one last flicker of intent towards the creature that had attacked them. Castiel didn’t even feel the demonic life force as it was snuffed out by his newly released Grace.
“Soul ‘buddy’? Really Gabe?” Dean rolled his eyes and then turned his attention back to Cas. “I’m not one for the touchy-feely crap, but thanks for saving my life, Cas. If me staying close helps keep you safe, I don’t have a problem with it.”
“Blue is my favorite color Cas. Blue, blue, blue.” Cas ignored Dean in favor of pushing his grace into Dean’s bruised head. Dean felt warm and a soothing feeling spread through him. He sighed and then felt the world snap back into place. Cas continued to cradle Dean’s head making sure there wasn’t any other injury he needed to heal. Dean just lay still until Cas looked into his eyes. He was vividly aware of Cas holding his face with one hand and his forearm with the other.
“Huh. Guess we don’t have to worry about burning it,” Dean quipped. Castiel rounded on him, clearly not feeling amused.
“I understand, but you need this medicine Dean. Your RA will flare right back up without it. If that happens you eventually won’t be able to work at all. Even skipping doses is ill-advised, letting the inflammation persist could eventually cause permanent damage to your joints.”
“Cas. Is this – is it yours?” Castiel nervously raises his fingertips to Dean’s jaw and slowly raises his gaze to meet Dean’s eyes.
It took several hours, but eventually Castiel’s wings were bound after Rowena had imbued him with a spell to recognize his soul’s compliment. Rowena had been persuaded to help Gabriel find a suitable location to hide out with a baby, and with the help of some of the witch’s contacts Gabe and Castiel took on the last name of Milton and found a small house in a town a few miles over. Gabe also decided that the more he and the baby blended in with the locals, the better they’d remain hidden. He took on the persona of a baker and set up a small bakery, Heaven Sent, over the next few months. While the archangel never expected to take on the responsibility of raising an essentially human child, he found himself growing more and more attached to his blue-eyed nephew and knew he’d do whatever was necessary to keep Anna’s legacy safe.
“Damn. For that type of long-lasting spell, I’ll have to bind his wings.” Rowena nodded as Gabriel grimaced. Binding an angel’s wings was cruel, considered one of the worst things that could happen to a celestial being. Perhaps being part human Castiel’s soul would compensate for the void where his grace should be, but Gabe hated to bind the baby’s radiant wings.
“You can feel me? I wasn’t sure if you’d be able to.” Dean nods slowly as he presses his hand over his chest.
Once they got outside Dean started walking uphill towards the coffee shop he’d seen on the map. Castiel stayed quiet while following, as he didn’t want to draw Dean’s attention to the way that they were still holding hands.
“Grooming? That wasn’t what I was expecting you to say.” Cas tilts his head to the side, trying to interpret Dean’s response.
“Sorry, Dean.” Dean gasped for air as his guardian angel rolled the creature off of him. Dean looked up at Cas still trying to catch his breath, and damn, if he wasn’t the most beautiful thing Dean had ever seen. Cas crouched down and briefly checked Dean over for injuries. When he seemed satisfied that there was nothing immediately wrong with the hunter, he glowered at him. Dean had no idea what he had done to piss Cass off, but honestly even his glower was fucking beautiful. Dean continued to stare at Cas but the angel turned to look in the other direction.
“The same way Charlie can. They caught you on a bunch of different street cameras and I guess they set up an ambush in the direction they thought you were headed. Or maybe they set up a few, but regardless, Baby’s too noticeable. Bobby’s probably okay to tow it, someone would have to do that eventually, but I wouldn’t suggest you guys staying there too long.”
Dean felt bad for the guy as he heaved onto the forest floor, and he grabbed a water bottle from his pack and passed it over when it looked like Cas had stabilized a bit. He was blushing and clearly embarrassed.
Dean didn’t have much time to try anything fancy, so he’d bought himself some breathing rooms while the demon witches were in the house. Grabbing a dirty bucket that he had spotted by a long-abandoned garden hose, Dean dove under the car to drain out the oil, thanking his Uncle Bobby for insisting he always carry a multitool with him. After satisfying himself that the coven’s car engine would seize up before hitting the main road, Dean retreated to the tree line in time to see asshole one and two dragging out a hooded man by some weird looking handcuffs. Texting a quick cell photo to Sam, it was soon confirmed that the coven’s prisoner was Cas.
“He’s not a Nephilim! Please don’t kill him Gabriel, he wasn’t born this way.” Anna cradled the unusually quiet infant more tightly to her chest. “It was Azazel, he’s had me imprisoned for months. This child is just his latest victim. I’ve seen so many of the children die Gabriel, I need you to help me save at least one.” Some of the fierce warrior Gabriel had once known shone through Anna’s eyes momentarily before she began to gasp in pain once again. Gabriel inwardly sighed, he knew he couldn’t deny Anna her request, Nephilim or not. Anna was one of the few of his siblings he’d related to and she was dying. He wanted to know more about how Anna had ended up imprisoned by a Prince of Hell, and what Azazel was doing experimenting with human children, but he knew Anna’s time was rapidly slipping away.
Dean was startled to see Sam’s friend barreling out of the car after he fired his first shot. He hit one of the witches easily but the other ducked around the car. All Dean could do was keep firing and try to provide cover for the fleeing healer.
“You can touch them. If you’d like.” It’s not a question, Cas can tell how much Dean wants to pet his wings. Cas is sure it must seem like an odd impulse to a human, to want to pet what appears to be bird-like wings growing out of an adult man’s back, but Cas wants Dean to touch him. He’s never had a human touch his wings before and he’s curious as to what it will feel like to have Dean’s fingers in his feathers.
“Dean, please come over for Thanksgiving. I don’t know about you, but I feel like you belong in my life – even if it’s just as friends. To be clear though, I’m very interested in being more than friends with you.” Dean flashes Cas a cocky smile and Cas holds up his hand to stall any response. “That’s probably beside the point. What I’m trying to say is you are not only welcome at my place for Thanksgiving, but I’d be happier if I got to spend the holiday with you.”
“Well, as long as you guys are okay, I guess. Do we have a plan beyond hiding out?” Dean gave it a whole 30 seconds of deep thought.
“Oh. Right. Yeah.” Dean’s eyes have widened at the intimidating display of the angel’s wings as they tower over him, but Castiel takes pity on him and softens his stance, bringing them back down. He curls them loosely at Dean’s side to give him easier access. Not one to hesitate when invited, Dean reaches out and gently brushes his hands through the feathers closest to him.
“Was Captain Abbot an ancestor of the victim?” Cas’ question caught Dean off guard. There was something strangely mesmerizing about the massive twisting trunk rising out of the ground exactly where the remains of Captain Abbot would have been. Dean registered that Cas and the caretaker were continuing to talk, but Dean stepped away to examine the tree more carefully. It’s roots, on the surface at least, didn’t seem to spread out much. Rather they seemed to go straight down into the Earth. Its trunk was thick enough to have been there for hundreds of years despite having only appeared a few days ago. The tree itself was knotted in appearance, with ugly, twisted branches shooting out in all directions. For some reason it occurred to Dean that the tree looked like it was screaming in pain. Dean jumped when he suddenly felt Cas’ hand on his shoulder.
“Well, duh, Cassie. It was also to keep you off the Demon Coven’s radar. Guess that part didn’t work out so well.” Cas continued to glower at his uncle, until Dean physically turned his face so he was staring into vibrant green eyes.
“Heya. You guys have fun on your angel hunt?” Charlie smiled brightly as Sam looked between Dean and Cas with a thoughtful look on his face. Cas emerged from behind the menu, his cheeks brighter red than they had been in the cold.
“It’s not just finding a soul. The soul needs to balance the child’s grace, and to do that the two souls must be deeply compatible. The soul has to be freely given, the human needs to be willing to share their innermost self. This is something the child will have to accomplish on his own. Until then, his grace must be bound.”
Silence hangs in the air. Dean tries to figure what just happened, and he can’t. He can’t move any farther away, either.
It starts with Castiel tugging on Dean’s sleeve. Dean is about to grab a sub from the generous display Mom and Bobby ran out to get from the local Quiznos. It seems like a good day for meatballs.
And she couldn’t help it. She folded her arms on the desk and collapsed forward onto them, giggling hysterically.
Running his hands along lean thighs, pulling a pair of hips flush with his – that’s a little more in character, though groaning at the feel of a hard cock bumping his falls into the realm of improbable, too. Still, Dean groans, and hisses a swear through tight lips, as a rush of wild heat roars through him and makes his hips cant upward for more contact. The rub of Castiel against him is almost more than he can bear, and he tips his head back, still groaning, now shuddering when Castiel’s lips come down hard on his exposed neck.
Ya know, it’s funny, I don’t even know why I call you that. A child. You’re not. You’re older than I am, way the hell older. So you’re socially awkward, lots of humans are too. It’s not like you’re that bad, either,not when it really matters.
But he was OK with that a minute ago, he said goodbye, he said thank you, if Cas had passed through that portal and gone home Dean woulda walked away and gotten a burger and thought someday I’m gonna see him again, when this life finally gets to me, we’ll hang out in Heaven and wait for Sam to show up 50 years later lookin’ old and happy. He was OK with that. He should be OK with this.
This isn’t like the time in the barn. This is real, a tangible span opening behind Castiel’s back. They’re solid, and dark, and shivering in the night, and weirdly enough, they still seem to shine with their own light. Dean’s left open-mouthed, trying to scrape together more than a syllable from his suddenly dry throat. He can’t even quite decide what emotion he’s going for. Wonder and fear and something else, something unfamiliar and overwhelming, are all whirling within his ribs at the sight.
“Cas, is that you?” Dean looks up, sees the sky still full of orange flames. “I mean– up there, it’s– it’s angels, isn’t it–”
“It is not my place to have a name,” the golem answers. “The only name that matters is that of my master.”
But then he catches Castiel’s gaze. Blue eyes wide and alive as Dean’s ever seen them. Below, the flush on his cheeks.
, either. His last resort is gone. It’s fallen from the sky in a bright streak of orange and now it’s just a hunk of rock, same as the rest of them. Dean’s heart sinks. What are any of them gonna do now?
Damn. This wasn’t supposed to be about shipping. But if it’s about a friend of hers, wanting him to be happy…
Castiel answers his smile, rises to his feet and leaves. Dean watches him go. Then he kicks up his feet onto the bed, folds his hands behind his head, and closes his eyes.
Castiel goes to Dean then, slips their hands together into a firm lock, and kisses him on the cheek. “Good job, honey,” he murmurs.
“Thank you,” he says. “This was–” And helpful seems the wrong word, although it was very helpful. The only other word he can think of is “awesome,” which he can’t imagine saying out loud. So he shakes his head, and just says, again, “Thank you.”
“You should eat more meat,” he says, and Castiel closes his eyes, shakes his head. “I don’t feel comfortable being cruel to animals,” he replies, and it doesn’t matter how much Dean tries to convince him that the meat is already dead when it gets to Castiel’s kitchen, he won’t budge. More of his overwrought penance, maybe. He does that sort of thing a lot these days, and it’s getting tiring, always having to talk him out of it. Dean’s weary. He doesn’t know how much longer he can keep holding Castiel up to keep him from falling apart.
But when Dean steps into the mouth of the corridor (not before grabbing his coveted meatball sub from the table), Castiel doesn’t seem worried at all.
“I’m Dean. No, really, man, sit down.” Luckily, the guy does, because Dean was just about to reach over and push down on his shoulders. “You gotta tell me about that poem. How did you get the idea for it?”
Dean wants to deliver a fruit basket to whoever scheduled him for the early shift. He tries not to imagine Cas flushed from the steam, running fingers through his hair to wash out the shampoo, turning his face up into the spray… “It’s fine, dude. Don’t worry about it.”
“We’re good,” Dean says. “Sam’s still recovering, you know, from the trials, but it’s all good.” He flips the channel a few times and eventually comes back to the monster movie. “I, uh…”
Instead, he offers up the six-pack. “I’d have brought a bottle of wine, but you said pizza, so…” He sniffs. It doesn’t smell quite like pizza.
Castiel chews on this for a second. His brow furrows and he shakes his head. “Dean, they’re wings, not… whatever you’re thinking. They can’t be duct taped back together.”
“How you feeling, man?” Dean says in a low voice. He sounds far closer than Castiel had assumed him to be.
The sound of the gunshot brings the mother lode of demons swarming around the corner. Sam lifts his shotgun over his shoulder and takes aim. “You really think that’s gonna be the end of it?”
Dean presses their foreheads together. “We don’t tell Sam about this,” he says, his voice guttural and gentle. “Not yet.”
And she’s even less sure about Sam – even though she knows him, knows he’s okay – because the thing he does to that creature in that crypt scares the bejesus out of Dean and it scares the bejesus out of Charlie too, or at least the bejeebus, and her agnosticism is getting a little bit compromised with all these angels running around with people she actually knows.
“Dean.” Cas’s voice. A hand on his shoulder. The expected panic doesn’t come with the touch; relaxation washes over him instead, and Dean opens bleary eyes as though compelled.
“Tell me something I don’t know,” Dean says, whittling his stake. He’s got nothing in mind to slay with it,but stake-whittling has always been a good use for nervous hands. Besides, he likes the way the wood peels off into ribbon-like curls on the floor.
But Cas doesn’t seem to come around. And in a world without sunlight, where innocent people go mad and become killing machines every single day,* it’s hard to keep your hopes up about anything. Nobody’s got the time to heal a broken friendship these days.
Sam tries, as hard as he’s ever tried anything, to burn the words into his memory. But it’s like fighting to stay awake under anasthesia, and soon, everything is gone and he’s in darkness again.
“Is he?” Dean manages. Sam doesn’t answer, and Dean doesn’t look to see if he’s nodding or shaking his head. He’s just looking at Cas’s face, his stupid slack face, eyes closed and blood matting through his hair and caking it, black strands in brown, and his grace is gone and his soul is gone and this time Dean’s sure it’s the end, for real, forever.
Alarm bells chime inside Castiel’s head. It’s a trap. He’ll make himself unwelcome again. “I don’t want to crowd you,” he says.
But she sure as hell hopes he’s real. And on the right side, and still around. Because she’d like to get to know him, maybe have a drink together, if angels drink.
He feels the brush of cloth against his cheek, and then nothing. He opens one eye tentatively. The bee is gone. But Castiel is still there, gloved hand raised to Dean’s shoulder, staring at Dean with intent eyes.
It scared Castiel? Castiel got scared? Mr. “I can throw you back in” gets scared? This is a new wrinkle. Charlie reaches for her chai and takes a sip. She’s going to need some more caffeine to process this.
Which starts with Dean in a pinstriped suit and driving a Prius, and his last name is suddenly Smith, and Charlie’s confused enough to drop it for now.
It hurts Dean’s heart to hear him say it. “I’d say I’m sorry, Cas, but at some point, it doesn’t seem to mean anything anymore–”
But Dean needs it, and for whatever reason sleep’s not coming to him. A cold, helpless feeling settles into Cas’s heart as he watches. Sleep is a simple, voluntary action for him. For humans, it can be harder, especially when they see the kind of things in their dreams that Cas knows Dean does. He’s peeked before.
Castiel gets up early, mostly because sleep for him is a foreign thing to begin with and he only really does it because Dean likes the feeling of falling asleep with him close. But once Dean’s asleep, it’s an exercise in patience for Castiel, and when the sun rises he awakens irrevocably and  completely.
Castiel regards him warily. No idea? A likely story. Dean’s all about getting a rise out of others. It’s what makes him a good performer – he has that instinctual knowledge of how to draw a reaction from an audience. Castiel, who delights in the inner process of acting but has trouble with communicating his character decisions, envies that about him. It must be nice to be Dean. So open, so outwardly focused. Castiel can get lost in his own head for days.
“Look,” he says, relenting a little, “nobody’s saying you have to send them back. Just… is there a way to contain them? I could try to build you a porch for them or something. Like a frame with wiring or something to keep them in. Hell, we could build it around your garden.” The image is coming to him now – an enclosure, no ceiling even, just a simple frame that would make it a little harder for the bees to get out. He has no idea if it would work, but it could, and that makes it worth a try in Dean’s book.
And Dean’s making noises too, groans and hisses with each full, thick stroke, but words as well, whispered into Cas’s skin. “Yeah,” he murmurs, and “do it” and “come on,” as though Castiel needs encouragement to keep going. He doesn’t even know if Cas hears him. His only response is more thrusts, each one threatening to tear him apart, each one making waves of heat and pleasure surge up through his gut until his fingers are tingling. The body above him is unrelenting, hard and solid, like a machine.
Time passes. You see him. You hesitate. You doubt. The timing isn’t right. There are too many what-ifs. You don’t trust them, you don’t trust yourself.
And in Castiel’s room that night, when Dean’s going to go up to bed himself, he says, dumbly. “Glad to have you back, man.”
“Keep them safe, Dean,” Castiel says. He wipes a hand over his own forehead, brushes away sweat. It’s such a human gesture. Dean wants to pat him on the shoulder, tell him he did great. Comfort him, thank him for his sacrifice.
He kisses Castiel roughly, a big exaggerated B-movie kiss. When he lets go, he fully intends to whirl and demand flatly, “Are you happy now?”
Dean runs a hand up his back. “Yeah,” he agrees, “can’t deny that. OK, five more minutes. But only five.”
It could have touched them too. There’s no guarantee he won’t be coming home to two monsters, freshly re-made by the corrupting influence of Darkness everywhere…
He’s red-faced by the end, and Sam stares at him, incredulous. He shakes his head slowlly. “Why do you even care?” he says. “You were all set to feed me to your brother and get the apocalypse going.”
A flicker of movement at the corner of his eye, and then Cas is touching him, hand loosely holding his. It’s not a lot, but it’s enough, and Dean lets his eyelids sink. Thank God Cas figured it out, because he doesn’t think he could have said it.
Dean fights hard to toss the grin from his face. “'Course not,” he says, clearing his throat hard. “I’m just saying. If you were jealous, it wouldn’t be so surprising.”
“Nope,” Dean says, and dares to slide his hand behind Castiel’s neck, curl it, tug him in for more kisses. Cas makes a noise against his lips, not a hum but a moan, quickly cut off but, for the moment it sounds, bright and resonant, vibrating in Dean’s bones. Energy surges in his tired muscles at the feel of it, and he very nearly powers himself over and on top of Cas, holding back only because his back is still complaining at the stiff sitting-sleep he attempted before. But he’s imagining it now, body heating at the idea of pressing Cas into the ground, letting their legs slot together, rolling his hips down against Cas’s and kissing him until Cas’s stubble has rubbed his chin raw and neither of them can breathe.
The blindfold comes off and if Dean could etch any memory into his mind forever and ever, never to be forgotten, it would be Mariel’s face at that moment.
Castiel withdraws his hand quickly, and Dean goes back to looking over the edge of the Ferris wheel, groaning. His face is ashen again. And that’s when it occurs to Castiel.
Castiel leads him through the narrow hallway and into the kitchen and dining area. Dean notices a vase of flowers on the table and some pictures on the wall. Many of them portray Castiel alongside a bevy of other men, some with a considerably younger woman. None read like snapshots with a lover. It’s painfully obvious that Castiel lives alone, especially when he opens the refrigerator door to deposit the beer, and Dean sees how bare it is inside. Dean has the same bachelor’s refrigerator syndrome. When Sam lived with him, it was a lot better stocked. “So early shift, huh? How early?”
And Castiel just stands there, mouth sinfully wet and red, curled into an O of surprise, his eyes wide.
Dean says it – no, shouts it, as much as he can shout with the gigantic lump in his throat – and he puts a hand out, as though he could grab onto Castiel’s coat from across the pile of bodies. Castiel stops, turns back halfway. For a moment nothing moves, and Dean can hear his stupid heart thudding in his chest like he’s jogging a marathon.
He can feel Dean’s surprise, see the furrowing of Dean’s brow out of the corner of his eye, and he’s about to apologize and recant when Dean says, “Yeah. Yeah, of course. You’ve had a rough night.”
“Ooo, I touched a nerve there. Go run back home to your boys, Feathers.” Crowley chuckled and turned back to his drink. Castiel walked out of the bar and got in his current vehicle. He was only a few hours from the bunker but as he started to drive, he found that he was actually bothered by what Crowley had said. He had observed that humans in this part of the world had specific cultural practices associated with Christmas that were very important to them. He had not known the Winchesters to pay much attention to the holiday, but should he do something for them? Sighing, Castiel decided he’d get to the bunker first and worry about human cultural practices later.
“Ah, the perfect boyfriend – free pizza delivery!” Cas raised one eyebrow at Dean’s antics, clearly waiting to be let inside.
“Well let’s head out then, I’d like this taken care of before sunset. Wait, how are we going to find the thing anyway? You think it’s prowling around the cemetery?” Cas nods.
“Thanks.” Dean didn’t seem embarrassed or awkward for once, just grateful. Cas just nodded and briefly grasped Dean’s shoulder once more. The angel was happy to have offered Dean some small amount of solace. He always treasured the stolen moments when he could be there for Dean, when it felt like Dean was just letting Castiel love and adore him. Softly smiling, Cas also looked at the boxes for a moment.
“Well, it doesn’t seem to be hurting anything. Let’s just go to sleep, Dean.” Cas scrubbed at his eyelids tiredly.
Thankfully, the thugs weren’t paying him any attention and the hood of the car blocked their view of him nicely. Quietly examining his door Cas came to the conclusion that thug one and thug two assumed that the child lock on the car was enough to keep their prisoner from escaping, but Cas thought he could reach the driver’s side panel to release it easily enough. Keeping an eye on his captors he tilted carefully to the side and inched his cuffed hands up and in-between the door and the driver’s side seat. As he was about to release the lock he froze. The thrumming feeling in his bones was back, but Cas discarded his previous assumption of it being a spell from the coven thugs. They seemed completely unaware of Castiel, regardless of the increasing sensation he was experiencing.
Cas pushed magic he didn’t want to spare into a shielding spell, hoping to lessen the impact of the attack on their position. He needed to help Dean now, without further distraction.
“I can only make them partially corporeal here. Without the potion they have an impression here, the snow falls on them, I can use them as a shield, but you can’t see them except for a shadow. So, please Dean, tell me what you see. I want to know how much of me you can see.” Cas’ can hear his voice grow smaller with need as he speaks, but he can’t deny how much it means to share this small part of himself with the man he loves.
“Yeah, sure. Cas and I were going to go check out the stores up on the main street. You guys want to meet back at that bar where we started, in maybe two hours? We can get dinner.” Everyone agreed easily and Dean led Cas over to the volunteer station to get the Angel checklist. Dean was really looking forward to finding more ways to make sure Cas knew he belonged.
Castiel hadn’t meant to overhear the conversation. He was supposed to be on break, but had volunteered to reset room 5 for the next patient because he knew his friend Alex had been in dire need of a break. Cas was only a volunteer, spending his junior year of college shadowing various medical professionals to get a better idea of what a career in medicine would really be like. When Alex had suggested shadowing one of the doctors she worked with, he’d readily agreed, knowing that his friend spoke highly of both Dr. Barnes and Dr. Fitzgerald.
“H-hi guys.” Dean cleared his throat nervously. He dared a glance at Cas, but the angel was apparently absorbed in the menu he likely wouldn’t order anything from. Sam scooted into the booth on Cas’ side while Charlie sat next to Dean, boxing him and Cas into the middle of the circular booth.
“I feel it too, Cas.” Dean’s voice was almost a whisper and Cas found it somehow reassuring that the other man seemed just as affected.
“Not really, I’m going to frame some of them. I’m not sure I have enough for an album, we don’t stop and take pictures all that often,” Sam gave Charlie half of a smile and then spotted something in the distance. “Hey, I think that’s the booth I’m looking for.”
Somewhere between the first commercial break and the second beer, though, he finds himself slumping and is surprised at how comfortable it is. Dean’s breaths and occasional swallows next to him beat a quiet rhythm against the cacophonic noise of the movie, regulating him, making him relax despite himself. He allows himself a small smile.
He can’t afford to want it so badly. Not with monsters everywhere. Not when peace of any kind is a luxury no one in Purgatory can so much as hope for.
“I don’t want to read this,” she says, putting her hands on her face and peeking between them like a child afraid of a scary movie. “I don’t want to read this, I don’t want to read this.”
“I wasn’t sure when would be appropriate,” Cas says. “Last time I waited until I was sure you weren’t going to be able to sleep.”
For a short moment he can breathe easier, and for a short moment his grip on the comforter goes slack. He’s somewhere else, and it’s getting him through, just like the voice in his head told him.
It doesn’t. This time they can’t even make it out of each other’s arms. Castiel’s cheek brushes his as he draws back, and Dean’s pulse flutters in his throat as he holds Cas by the shoulders, unable to let go. Their foreheads touch. Castiel’s eyes are open. In the dim light, they’re deep, ocean-blue.
“Hey, I didn’t mean to bother you. I just wanted to tell you Cas texted to say he was on his way here. I thought you’d want to know.” Dean just nodded at the news. Sam looked around and noticed that Dean was going through some of the stuff prior occupants of the bunker had left behind. Sam waved his hand towards the boxes. “Anything interesting?” Dean sighed deeply.
“Angel scavenger hunt. You’ve already found plenty of angels, Dean.” Dean playfully bumped Cas’ shoulder.
“Is this place in walking distance?” Sam shook his head but Charlie assured him that her current car was a four-wheeler and could easily make the 7-minute drive to their accommodations. Castiel pointed out that if the storm was really that bad, they should get their food to-go. They all fell into a comfortable silence while they made their food choices and Charlie found a 24-hour Walmart right up the street so they could grab whatever they all needed for an overnight visit.
“I just thought it’d be nice. I got some sneaky ones of Dean being all adorable with Cas.” Sam laughed.
Dean grabbed Cas’ hand to lead him out of the store through the maze of shimmering crystals, painted tarot cards, and velvet draped tables. Cas’ chest felt tight with hope as he allowed himself to be pulled up the stairs towards the door. While, yes, Cas was an angel, that’s not what the word had sounded like when Dean had just said it. Cas felt another wave of grace pulse through his still fragile wings. He kept his grip on Dean’s hand as if it were the only thing keeping him from drowning.
“Awesome! You’re pretty good at this angel spotting thing.” Dean smirked and winked at the actual angel in the store.
“I’m happy for you Cas.” The angel took a few more moments to look over his shadowy wings before getting back to the business at hand.
“Do you have a better idea?” Dean was about to snap back sarcastically at his brother when his eyes fell on the massive trash and recycling bins that must have been pulled aside when the station was shut down for the worst of winter.
“Huh, then that’s sorta weird that I saw them? Or did those witches do something to you?” Dean pulled into the long line of a drive through and took a closer look at the tattoos as Cas rolled up his sleeves.
“Oh, I have got you covered.” Sam didn’t have the chance to even ask before Dean walked in waving his phone in the air.
“Yes. It does not retain all of its properties once shed, and it’s once of the smaller ones as it wouldn’t have been possible to make any of the larger feathers as conveniently wearable. It is still a part of me though, a part of my grace, of my true self.” Castiel pauses to make sure Dean understands. Dean’s heart is racing but besides that he seems to grasp the depth of this gift, so Castiel continues. “If you accept this, I can find you if it is with you. If you wear it, I can feel your life, hear your heartbeat. And the feather preserved inside the pendant will exists as long as I exist, no matter where I may be. If there is ever a real need it can even be used to locate me, although it will destroy the feather in the process. If you accept this, it will be part of you and no one else will be able to use it. Do you understand?”
“No problem, buddy. We really need to go. The possessed witch talked before I threw him in the trunk, and it sounds like the coven was looking you up. If they find your info, they find Sam, and there’s no fucking cell service out her.” Dean got up as he talked and offered Castiel a hand up. The healer accepted and Dean noted that Cas was almost as tall as him.
Sam sniggers, and that’s the first hint Dean has that he’s in trouble. A glance upward, then back at Castiel’s face, and maybe he can just ignore this, go on through the door, and nobody will be the wiser. He sure as hell doesn’t give a damn about disappointing Sam.
“That’s not what I–” Dean pauses in the doorway, bangs his head against it. “Doesn’t it freak you out? The whole concept.”
“Sure you did,” Dean says. “You were talking about how you felt like the angels falling was your fault.”
He lowers his hands. They still burn with the warmth of Castiel’s palm and fingers. “Good night,” he says.
And afterward, he’ll pull you up, gasping and grinning, and he’ll be the one to kiss you then. And everything will be new and gleaming, and you’ll finally be home.
Castiel fiddles with his tie and casts his gaze briefly to the floor. He clears his throat. “As a token on your birthday I want to impart something that I’ve been holding back from you, Dean.”
“I… thought you were gonna help me with that,” Dean says, thinking it sounds desperate and like a come-on, hating himself for saying it.
“But you were.” Samandriel moves closer. “You were an amazing leader. I was inspired by you. I believed in you, I opened my heart for you. To you, Castiel–”
“Won’t let you.” There’s a little edge to Castiel’s voice, and his arms tighten around Dean’s waist. “Stay in bed.”
Now Castiel’s pulse is flying, and all the blood that had gone south before is pumping hard through his whole body. He can feel his face getting red. “You ‘cracked’ me a very long time ago,” he says. “I thought you knew. I thought you could tell, and you just wanted me to feel uncomfortable. I thought you were making fun of me for liking you so much.”
“Dean.” The word falls on Dean’s ears heavily, like it’s holding a hundred thousand other words in check.
Peace of mind, maybe, but there will be no sleep, not right now. Castiel stands in his doorway, with one of those inscrutable Castiel expressions. This one Dean thinks might hold some relief and some lingering worry, but he can never be sure.
“Not yet,” is the answer. “Looking across space is also looking back in time. I see these planets as they were a hundred million years ago. Most of them are just starting out. Some are cold. Lonely, frozen. Others are too hot and toxic to support life. Some are just balls of gas that never caught fire. But some…” He smiles.
But when Dean grabs his own cock and brings himself over the edge with a few sharp tugs, Castiel hovers over him and watches with a look not unlike wonder.
Castiel surveys the room. “I don’t sense any more,” he says, his usual brusque self. “Is this all of them?”
“Not like that, not– Castiel– I loved you the way you can truly love someone if you open your heart. Don’t… don’t close yours off again. Don’t become like every other angel, not when you were something–” His eyelids droop. “Something else, something better–”
So back to business. There’s a psychic who’s writing books about Sam and Dean. And Sam and Dean know about him, because they’ve met him. And they’re okay with this? No, they can’t be. And yet here Charlie is, continuing to read, even though they’ve already said that at this point in the story, “No Rest for the Wicked” was the last book. Which means Sam and Dean let the guy go on writing.
Dean pulls back, looks Castiel in the eyes for a moment, then leans in and touches his lips to Castiel’s in a brief, chaste kiss.
“Oh. And what do you do?” Why are you asking him this, Winchester? You’re here about the bees. The bees! Not to make small talk!
But there’s just a touch of a smile on the corners of Castiel’s mouth, just a hint of pink in his cheeks. And his eyes …
“Anyway,” Dean says, leaning over to kiss the corner of Castiel’s mouth. “I’d say we’re a few years out from that.”
But Castiel’s left the thought behind already and is clear-eyed, smiling at him. He looks serene, almost. Angelic, for real. Not in that crappy-ass warrior-of-God way, but like someone who knows and sees so much more than Dean could ever imagine. “Take a few,” he says.
There’s a warning on the tip of Dean’s tongue, something about distracting him from the light show, but it’s swallowed fast as Castiel sucks and marks Dean’s neck, as he lifts a hand to caress the growing hardness between his legs. Dean tries to keep his focus in the sky, but it’s all he can do to keep his eyes from rolling up into his head when Castiel begins to knead and stroke, all insistent fingers and warm, wet mouth. He makes a wordless noise and shifts on the blanket, opening himself up, giving Castiel free rein to do whatever he likes.
And Charlie nearly bashes her own head against the screen. Great. This dickweed angel obviously ships it, too. At least she’s not the only one.
But then they’re back in the present, and Castiel’s saying things about the immutability of destiny, and babbling about Sam, and Charlie just wants to bang her head against the keyboard again. Why does he have to be such a complete dickhead?
“My mother didn’t like them in the house, to be sure,” Castiel replies. “But she did let me keep an ant farm. I would stare for hours at the tunnels they built. I felt as though I could somehow learn to understand them if I watched for long enough.” He stops and takes in a breath. “That probably sounds strange.”
The contact lingers. Maybe this will be enough. Maybe Dean will be able to sleep, just holding hands. He remembers falling asleep holding hands with Sam a long time ago, when they were kids. They were little, and frightened, but they found solace in the knowledge that even if they woke up and Dad was gone, they would still have each other. He almost wishes they could still do that as adults. They’d done way too much sneaking out on each other in the past years.
But forget all of that. Weren’t they just an inch away from each other? They were supposed to kiss or something. If not have dirty hate sex up against Bobby’s refrigerator. It was practically begging to happen…
She’s hoping Castiel makes an appearance in this book, even though he hasn’t shown up yet. She dug his entrance. She’s also hoping for a little more Pamela, who, fictional or no, Charlie kind of got hot under the collar about. Which reminds her, she’s going to have to find out if these books are true. So far, they read
You’re an idiot, ya know that, right, Cas? This is your own damn fault. I told you not to try and take him on. I freakin’ told you….
Oh. Okay. So Anna’s an angel. Charlie has to suppress a little war whoop when Dean asks if Castiel and Uriel were her bosses, and Anna answers “
“Come on, man,” Dean replied, rolling his eyes. “You’ve been shot. You can’t just stitch that up with a bit of liquor and some dental floss.” He continued to work at the wound carefully, not flinching when Castiel made gritted-teeth noises of pain.
The thought of Sam makes his heart twinge, and he takes in a breath.  Cas squeezes his hand, an attempt at reassurance. But it’s not enough. Partly because what he wants from Cas is so different from what he ever wanted with Sam.
“OK,” she says aloud, “OK, so they find the books that are about them, but WHY ARE THERE BOOKS ABOUT THEM!?”
I mean, he’s hugged me before. He was crazy at the time and it was a kind of a group thing with Sam and it’s not really worth talking about, but he has. And I hugged him. At least once. But he’s never hugged me and I hugged him at the same time, and something happens with that. It’s like, with his arms around me and my arms around him, the rest of the universe just falls away.
You fear he will never trust your touch again. And now, as he prays and you don’t appear, you fear he is slowly letting go of you in his heart.
He should say no. It would serve Dean right for exiling him, pushing him away at the very moment when Castiel thought he’d finally found a home. Anger flares up inside Castiel’s chest for a moment, and he tries to fix Dean with a dagger of a gaze, but it’s gone before it begins. The answer is yes. It’s always been yes. And with his hand still smarting from where he punctured it, and his heart still hurting from misunderstandings and unnecessary violence, he needs the comfort.
After the audition, Dean’s gonna catch up with him and ask him. There are some stars that you just have to follow.
“Mm-hm. Like two bugs in a rug, you two.” Benny seems amused, but Dean’s heartbeat has accelerated. Last time Cas slept, he was drained of mojo, nearly human, and hours later Lucifer had exploded him. If Cas is sleeping again, what does that mean for their safety in this awkward trio they’ve formed?
Castiel’s body rolls forward, a wave breaking, and his head and shoulders go to the sheets, ass waving in the air. “Dean,” he says again, voice shaking, and Dean’s never seen anything like the way his body moves, the way his ass wiggles with the plug sticking out and vibrating, like he’s trying to get it deeper inside him and push it out all at once. It’s incredible. Dean is getting hard just watching, his cheeks flushing, and he finds himself wondering, is it that good? What’s it feel like? If Cas is loving it this much, if he’s whimpering the way he’s whimpering, then maybe Dean wants to try. But what if he’s in pain and just doesn’t know how to say it? Maybe Dean should reach over, pluck it out, make sure he’s okay.
Castiel hums and growls around him, and the vibration soak deep into Dean’s hips, make him break into a flurry of keen whispers– “Cas,” and “please,” and “don’t stop.” The unrelenting, sucking pressure never lets up, and Dean throws his head back. He’s seeing stars now, streaks of white flying through his vision, and he doesn’t know whether they come from above or just below. Doesn’t matter. Whole world’s going white, and Dean lets out a loud cry and arches his back as release breaks over him.
But Castiel is frowning. “No,” he says. “No, that’s not right. You’re not like her. You’re different.”
Dean can’t help but laugh. He can’t help but kiss Castiel’s face, either. “Tempting, but unlike you, I actually need to eat.” Castiel groans in protest. “What are you doing, acting all sleepy? You don’t need to sleep.”
Anyway, not that it matters. Dean pushes it out of his mind and stares up at the moon. It’s full and low, bobbing just atop the highest branch of a nearby tree. Like an owl, silently nodding hello at him. Dean nods hello back.
Another stroke, another few notes, and Dean’s whole body is calming now, relaxing into the touch and the sound. His face, too… his lips hang slightly open, and Cas stares at them, draws himself closer to Dean so they brush at feet and knees and shoulders. Keeps singing, keeps stroking, his arm bent over Dean’s body – at first suspended, then relaxing so his elbow rests on Dean’s back just beneath his shoulder. A low hum, his hand sliding back against Dean’s sweat-damp hair, Dean’s exhalations buffeting soft air against Cas’s face. All in a rhythm, all together. Every inch just a little closer.
“Sam,” Castiel says. He tries to smile. “I’m not sure about how accurate your analogy is, but I appreciate the sentiment behind it. And I agree. Dean shouldn’t be left as he is.”
“Dean’s heart doesn’t twinge,” Charlie says to the computer. Seriously, if it is a prophet, couldn’t he at least take a writing course? This prose was awful. It was bad enough when Sam whirled, and then Henricksen was standing
He holds Dean tight until he’s done, kisses him once on the mouth, and they roll away onto separate sides of the bed as though they’d never touched.
The voice is so gentle and tempered Dean has to look twice to make sure it’s really Cas. But there he is, trenchcoat and blue eyes, and Dean gestures to the empty space next to him on the bench. Castiel sits down, folds his hands loosely between his knees, and gazes unspeaking up at the moon for a time.
She really doesn’t expect the answer to be a skinny, bearded drunk who walks around all day in his undershirt and boxers, but that’s the answer she gets.
“Why didn’t you go with them?” Sam says as the car’s tires squeal and Dean and Benny drive away. There’s anger in his voice, and he looks daggers at the passenger side of the car as though he could burn Benny out of the shotgun seat.
is a pretty big birthday, so all the hunters from various places have come to the bunker to party. Dean likes it. He remembers when this place was a huge cavern of emptiness and arcana, he and Sam too small to fill it. Having Cas and then Jack move in helped a bit. But when the rest of the hunters started calling this a home base – that’s when it felt like home. So he’s here. Home. Partying with his people. It’s enough to make a guy feel normal.
Castiel knows then that the question won’t be asked. Because that’s just how it works with Dean. Things are left unsaid.
Dean knows that tone—urgent, serious. Maybe something’s happening on Angel Radio that Dean needs to know about. God knows they’re all waiting for Michael’s next move anyway. Would make sense that he’d crash Dean’s birthday party.
It’s the way he whispers “I love you” just before he slides inside – like it’s the most important secret in the world, like he desperately needs Castiel to hear it. Dean would never be caught dead saying something like that, so tenderly, showing so much of his hidden heart.
Castiel’s thumb slides under his chin, tilts his face slightly. Dean’s heart batters against his ribs.
“Oh.” Castiel lowers his eyes, and Dean can practically hear his heart shatter. “Of course. You’re right. When we haven’t officially mentioned…”
Fluttering eyelashes. Flushed cheeks. Breaths pulled in through flaring nostrils, pushed out through puffed-out lips. Bleary eyes, meeting Dean’s, locking into that gaze and not letting go. And his voice, every other exhalation on a quavering note, and every note shaped around the same syllable.
As soon as he says it, he knows what Castiel’s answer will be. “Those needs I can take care of. But this body wants things, as well.” He locks his gaze to Dean’s, and Dean hears the words falling like boulders. “This body wants you.”
He slips his hand into Castiel’s. Leads him back into the room, into the throng of happy hunters. Grabs another beer. Offers it to Cas, takes one himself. They clink beer bottles, still holding hands.
“No,” Sam spits out, automatically. But then he looks at Castiel, and frowns and smiles all at once. It’s a confusing expression. “Well. Maybe.”
But now it’s nearly six and it’s too late to wonder. Dean grabs his plans off the table and a six-pack out of the refrigerator to head over.
“Why now?” Another shrug. Castiel’s face falls. “You’ve just gotten caught up in the moment. You don’t mean it.” His struggle to hide his disappointment would be comical to watch, if it weren’t so painful.
Which inexplicably seems like a totally cool thing to do. But he’s always been way more comfortable around Cas than he ought to be.
“I put you in a coma,” Castiel snaps. “I destroyed hundreds of angels. I unleashed the Leviathan on this earth.”
“Dean.” Damn it, he can feel that gaze. It wants him to meet it; it’s a damn persuasive gaze, really. He gives in. “What do you want, Cas?”
Castiel drifts in and out of consciousness for a few days. He’s weak, and he doesn’t understand the sensations that are plaguing his body so overtly now that it’s his own and no longer a vessel to contain what he had been. Aches and pains, blood, anxiety, fatigue, all hit him hard, and Dean and Sam keep a close watch on him, help him recuperate.
“Nothing. It caught me off-guard. I miss the two of you, of course. And care about you both. But I wasn’t… I was speaking specifically of you, Dean. I miss you. As an individual.”
“Keep it down!” Dean pleads, but it’s too late. The whisper of the rumor is already spreading, and person by person, everyone is turning their head to look.
And it’s the same – just a kiss, just warmth and pressure, no flashes of magical light or sensation that can’t be described in words. But there is sensation, and it flows deep in Dean’s body through that kiss, warming him with an utterly human sense of rightness. And it deepens and strengthens in the next kiss, and in the embrace that follows.
Sunday morning and though there’s no sunlight in the bunker, the sensation of morning still comes, through circadian rhythms or maybe the scent of eggs floating down the hall from the kitchen. Either way, Dean’s awake, and Castiel is in his arms, a long stretch of warm humanity all tangled up with him like it was made just for that purpose. There’s not a part of him that doesn’t feel frigging perfect – not his arms, warm around Dean’s waist; not the rise and fall of his breathing; not even his feet, a little cold as they press against Dean’s ankles. Dean inhales, trying to process how something this right, this perfect, could have happened to him.
She wonders if the e-reader would survive her head being knocked against it. That seems the best way to alter what she’s reading at this point, or at least alter her understanding of it so it doesn’t offend
“I don’t…” Castiel turns away. “After what I’ve done. To you, to my brothers… how can you of all people think I could possibly be good for anybody?”
On the face first. Gently. So he thinks you’re just trying to be friendly, and misunderstanding the gesture.
But does it even matter why, when Dean’s hard against him and they’re together, sweating and breathing in tandem? Isn’t this what Castiel wanted back at the bunker? Shouldn’t he just be glad he’s getting it now? He’s learned over the weeks he’s been human that life doesn’t come with any guarantees. If anything, he should be glad for the moment, no matter what it means or doesn’t mean.
“Dean.” Castiel frowns his I’m-about-to-be-far-too-practical frown. “Leaving aside the fact that you seem to have just proposed to me, you do realize that I technically don’t exist according to the laws of this country. I have no birth certificate, identification papers…”
“You’re an angel,” Castiel replies. “You don’t need further help from me. Go back to heaven, Samandriel.”
“Of course I’ll watch over Sam,” you say, in the dark, words unheard. “I’ll watch over both of you.”
He glances at Castiel. For a moment, Dean thinks he’s just giving it all his calm, implacable angel look – the look that says
If he lives to be a thousand years old Dean’s never gonna get over how damn natural Castiel’s lips feel on his, how they don’t press together so much as meld, like they’re one animal, moving in an easy slide that brings the two of them cresting together – wet tongue, soft licks, grazing teeth – then tapering off back to soft lips, separating as easy as a receding wave from the shore.
“Sorry, sorry,” Dean says. “Wings out now. C'mon.” He runs his hand along the top ridge of one, and Castiel takes in a sharp breath at the feel of a human hand there. He’s never experienced that before, and he’s not sure how to categorize the feeling. But he obeys, unfurling his wings and trying not to imagine what they must look like drenched as well as decrepit.
Dean wants to laugh. How fucking typical. And how typically stupid of himself, to get all hot and bothered about it. Because god damn it, he’s hearing the violins now. Staring at Cas, marveling at everything he is, and – to be honest – loving all of it.
“Cas.” Dean can feel the conversation turning into a freight train, and he’s eager to slam on the brakes.
A minute later, Dean slides in beside him, the smile in his face no longer a question. Silence lies hot and weighty in the air between them, and the growl of the motor fills it up again for a ride that both takes forever and is over in a second. Time always travels strangely in these moments, during their journey from the public world to their private, secret one.
“Dean,” and the name is a word of warning, “I am an angel. I did not take this body with permission, and I won’t…”
? They’re not wrong, the lot of them, about how he feels about Cas. That’s something he’s come to grips with—the overwhelming desire to protect him, to just be around him, to have him there to share the drama of their daily lives. It’s different from how he feels about Sam. More overpowering, more always-intensely-
Charlie tries to suppress her urge to throw her e-reader across the room and makes do with an eyeroll. She doesn’t know why this grosses her out so much, since she’s not shipping Dean and Castiel so hard anymore, mostly because Castiel’s being a dick. But still, it seems like… sacred territory or something. Like Anna ought to keep off the grass.
Castiel is guilty of wondering, sometimes, what it would be like if Dean were, like him, immortal. If they had all the time in the world to exist, without aging, without fearing the inevitable grasp of death. But immortal or no, a Dean lost to the mark of Cain would be worse than no Dean at all. And Castiel won’t live the centuries as witness to that. He’d sooner slit his own throat and scatter his grace to the wind.
“Right to the point, huh? Don’t worry, Sam and Charlie have you covered, no guns blazing in our immediate future. Honestly, given my past encounters with the Demon Coven, I’d say we are back to status quo. I actually wanted to ask you about that.”
“Sam.” Castiel wondered why Sam had called when he was going to be at the bunker in the next half an hour.
“That’s probably a good idea, as long as we are definitely doing the knowing each other better part.” Cas hummed in agreement. “Is it still okay to be close with hugging and stuff? Fuck – I can’t believe I just said that out loud.” Dean’s face turned red and Cas laughed softly.
“We don’t need a specified amount; we can get away with most anything. Maybe just hair or something small, we needn’t steal an entire corpse.” Dean sighs in relief, that’s one less complication.
Cas inhales sharply as Dean looks right into his eyes, something intense and warm in the way he seems to see more of the angel’s true self in his blue eyes than in the wings themselves. Before Castiel can define what he’s seeing, Dean’s eyes dart to his wings again. Cas notices his wings curling in towards Dean and halts them with a thought. Dean looks almost disappointed, making Cas grin.
“In that spirit, I have a secret I’d like to share.” Dean’s breath smells like apples and Cas idly wonders how much of his own products Dean subsists off of. It’d be easy to lean in and see how much Dean tastes like the pies he creates.
Dean couldn’t really say no to participating in the chocolate making event when Charlie gave them tickets to attend as a Christmas present. He didn’t even grumble much about it; he didn’t want to make her unhappy and for whatever reason Charlie and Sam were unusually excited about making chocolate. Dean could hear them animatedly debating the merits of milk versus dark chocolate as they walked ahead of him and Cas.
“I believe she just needs time Dean; she does love you and Sam.” Dean nodded miserably into Cas’ trench coat. Cas would hold him as long as Dean allowed it. He stood silently offering this beautiful man all the support he felt he was allowed to give. Eventually, Dean pulled back and rubbed his hands over his face. He looked hopelessly around the mess of open boxes surrounding them and then back at Cas.
“Yeah, cause I’m going to touch the hood that was literally just on fire. I don’t think so, let’s just call for another car.”
It had taken another week, but Dean had managed to reschedule his and Cas’ baking date. Not that he was in any way opposed to the very pleasurable make out session that had interfered with their last attempt, but Dean wanted more when it came to Cas. So many of Dean’s positive memories of his childhood were associated with baking, and Dean found himself intensely curious about Cas’ love of a very specific peach pie for this very reason.
“I’m fine Sam. I believe it worked, my grace flowing through my wings unencumbered after so long was – painful. I have adjusted though.” Cas took a deep breath and Sam helped him stand. “I guess there’s nothing left but to try and see how much I can manifest them.” Cas looked around the library skeptically.
“Uh, from what Sammy said he kinda sprang this hunt on you and dragged you along. You don’t happen to have ID on you, do you?” Cas’ eyes widened in horror as he reached into his back pocket. He looked through his wallet and then put it back away.
The bakery became a sanctuary. Dean could bask in the good memories of his family and ignore the bad. He could push through the fog of ever-present pain as he cut back on how frequently he took his medication when his insurance wouldn’t cover enough of the cost. He could drown himself in nostalgia and to hell with the long-term consequences of that choice.
“I’m not sure how they’d even know where to start, I didn’t give them my name.” Cas followed Dean as he led the way.
Castiel had known it was a bad idea, but Rowena was out of town and Sam would have gone by himself regardless of Castiel’s participation. Cas hadn’t ever been an impulsive person, and he certainly didn’t fancy himself as a vigilante, but he worried about his younger friend. Sam had been convinced that there was a new witch in the area that was bound to bring in hunters if not dealt with quickly. Cas had never had issues with hunters in the past but Sam seemed especially sensitive about the whole issue. Cas assumed it had something to do with Sam’s brother being a hunter, but as the older Winchester seemed to be on good terms with Rowena, Cas couldn’t be sure.
“Hey Cassie, I’m really sorry about this. I need my wing back though; you need to be fully in this plane for all the fanfare.” Gabe ran his fingers roughly through his feathers, finding a loose covert and drawing it into the material plane to give to the baby. “Ready when you are, Red!”
It’s off season for the small college town, most of the students having gone home for winter break, so the hunters end up with better than normal accommodations. Dean is more than happy to discover a decent grill-themed restaurant practically in the parking lot of their hotel, and Cas is happy to wait until his companion is content with food before telling him what he’d found during his time in the library. Dean talks ideally about the pie store the server had told him about, wondering if they’ll have time to check it out before they leave. Cas lets Dean talk, he finds himself still grateful that he can have these moments, he truly thought he was going to lose him in the attempt to destroy Amara.
“Just Clue, Charlie. I thought we could all have family board game night.” Charlie grinned eagerly and Cas glanced down at the board game Dean had under his arm.
“I’ll help him. We need to do this quickly, neither of you have much time.” Anna nodded in understanding and reached out to touch the baby one last time.
“It was alright, bakeries are pretty popular in the fall and there’s some huge family reunion going on in town that about wiped me out this afternoon. Oh, and then Sam called to say he plans on staying in Stanford for Thanksgiving because he feels like he needs the time to catch up.” Cas could hear the disappointment in Dean’s voice and he reached out to grab Dean’s hand.
“We should try some before Charlie tries to steal it.” Dean broke off a piece and handed it to Castiel.
Sam and Dean were running for their lives – again. Dean noted, somewhere in the back of his mind, that it was much more difficult to accomplish this in knee-high snow. Unfortunately, the Yeti, yes, an actual goddamn Yeti because their lives weren’t bizarre enough, anyway - the Yeti was much better at running through the deep snow. They were hoping to make it to the abandoned park station up ahead, maybe they could barricade themselves against the creature long enough to figure out a plan.
“Hello Dean.” Castiel stood in the doorway and watched Dean pull a box out from a back shelf and drag it to the front of the room where there was more space. He didn’t look up.
“No. Actually, they seem to be fuller. Allowing my grace to flow more easily into them seems to be healing them, that must be why they are painful.”
“Dean, just call Meg like I told you. Our pharmacy here is amazing at finding co-pay cards for these types of medications.”
“Hurry up already Dean, I need food!” Dean realized that Charlie was sitting on one of the chairs not so patiently waiting on him.
“DDDEEEAAAAANNNNN!!!” Dean shot up with his eyes wide open only to be hit in the chest by a small but fierce red head, who then proceeded to grab his shoulders and beam at him excitedly. “Wake up, it snowed!”
“You might want to slow down and chew, sunshine. The cow’s already dead, it ain’t going nowhere.” Cas rolled his eyes at Dean’s remark and moved on to inhaling his fries. Dean wondered how long it had been since Cas ate and vaguely remembered Sam mentioning how physically draining magic use could be. Deciding Cas’ needs were greater than his own, Dean sacrificed his fries and focused on his own burger.
“Is there any way to tell if the good Captain is still here?” Dean waved towards the roots of the tree. Cas shook his head. “Ah well, I’d be surprised if they were still here. I guess we better find out what exactly Louisa Abbot was into.” They started walking back towards the car.
Dean had taken the directions Sam wrote down for him and had made sure his brother had locked himself in Rowena’s house before driving off. Dean knew there was every chance the witch had already fled the area, but if she thought Sam wasn’t really a threat, she may have thought that she had time before anyone else came after her. Dean grabbed one of the hex bags Rowena had made him to fend off curses, his handgun, and the rifle he’d loaded earlier. He also snagged his binoculars, hoping he could scout out the place before approaching too closely.
“H-hello Dean. I’m Castiel, and I can’t apologize enough for overhearing your conversation with Dr. Barnes. I swear it wasn’t intentional, I was cleaning out the room you were standing near and – “
“I think it works just fine Cas.” Dean grinned at his companion, appreciating the guy’s sense of humor, especially in light of being captured by a murderer.
“Hey Cas! C’mon in!” Dean’s smile is bright as he holds open the door and Cas shyly kisses Dean’s cheek as he walks in and pulls off his trench coat, draping it over his arm. Cas is happy that Dean takes the kiss in stride as they had barely done more than hold hands up until this point. He’s aware why he’s taking his physical advances slow, but he hasn’t worked up the nerve to ask why Dean hasn’t made a move. While it feels like he’s known Dean for ages, Cas doesn’t want to presume that the handsome baker feels the same way, and as Cas has little previous experience with relationships to draw on, he’s unsure as to what is normal and what isn’t at this point in time.
“Whatever, Dean. Tell Cas I hope he feels better soon. And that I’m really sorry for all of this.” Dean ended the call and found himself staring into bright blue eyes.
“You’re so pretty Cas. I just want to squish your face.” Dean let out a breathy giggle. Cas gazed more closely at Dean. All of a sudden Dean could see Sam as his younger brother came to stand by Cas.
“The tree is called a ‘Wych Elm’ and is a common wood used to build coffins, which may explain it’s presence. It’s possible, if Captain Abbot’s coffin was made from this wood, that whatever spell was cast had the side effect of growing a new tree from the wood.” Dean raises his eyebrows skeptically when Cas shares this information.
“You two talk about what type of safe house you’d like to hole up in while Cassie recovers. I’ve got ‘em all over the world so feel free to go crazy! I’m going to call Rowena and see when she can come chat.” Gabe disappeared out the front door, leaving Dean and Cas alone.
“Damn it, Sam! Pack up your shit, pack up what you need for the spell, and get Charlie to at least find people to go with you. People Sam, not Charlie, experienced fucking hunters or I swear I will make you regret it!”
“Then I ran. I wasn’t in any shape to help Cas; he was buried under the rubble and the witch was already digging her way out. I knew that calling for help was my best option. Please Dean, I practically bullied Cas into helping me go after this witch. He’s a healer, I don’t think he even knows any combat spells. He only went because I told him I’d go alone if he didn’t go with me; I’ll never forgive myself if I’ve gotten him killed.”
“So instead, you made it look like you were drawing it away from me? Getting yourself killed for me!?” Castiel’s eyes flashed dangerously blue.
“I’m not worried about the wings, kid. I am concerned that they’re unbound and that you can see them.” Gabe pushed Dean to the side and pulled Cassie out of the car. Looking around, he decided they needed a better location to try and figure this out. “Where were you headed, Cassie said you were going somewhere safe from the Demon Coven?”
“That settles it then. Whether we catch up to the Demon Coven or not, we can face whatever comes next together.”
“Your guess is as good as mine. It’s entirely possible that he will live out his existence as, essentially, a human. He may never find a soul that will allow him to reach his full potential. Do you want me to place the recognition spell on him? I’ll need to do it before you bind his grace.” Gabe nodded, and Rowena got up to gather the ingredients. While she was digging through her storeroom Gabriel crouched down to gaze at the sleeping baby.
Sam took a deep breath and realized that all he could do right then was wait – wait for Dean, wait for Rowena, wait to hear back from Cas’ uncle. It felt like all he ever did was wait. Maybe this time Sam could do something else besides wait. Just in case the witch had already left town, he could figure out a way to follow her. Sam found himself heading towards Rowena’s library, already figuring out what books he’d need to put together a tracking spell.
“You know I can’t get enough of you, sunshine. I’m happy to pet you whenever you want.” Cas turned his head and blinked slowly. In the blink of an eye Dean was pulled into Cas’ arms as the wing he’d been stroking wrapped around him. Cas’ lips were soft and sleep-warm as they molded to Dean’s. Melting into the kiss, Dean could feel Cas’ feathers cradling him. He’d never tire of kissing Cas; he’d gone so long without him that Dean would gladly spend the rest of his days in his angel’s embrace.
“Well, well, look who’s all awake and ready to greet the day! You know, at first, I’d thought you and your friend were hunters. You’re not though, are you? You’re something else.” Bizzaro-Poppins’ eyes were seriously disturbing. Cas was sure sanity had left this witch behind a very long time ago.
They began a heated discussion of where they should look next for the last angel. While they were debating the merits of looking in the small train museum it started to snow and Cas took a few seconds to enjoy the sight of the flakes falling on the beautiful street below. They made there way back inside thinking that they may just have to skip to meeting Charlie and Sam as the restaurant was at the opposite end of the main road and the snow was picking up fast. Dean grabbed Castiel’s mug to return them to the front and the angel pulled the blue and white knit hat he’d picked up over his head. He’d made Dean get one as well, in green and red, something he’d probably be less resistant too now that it was snowing. Castiel smiled at the memory of Dean’s protests over the pompom on top of the hat.
“Yup!” Suddenly three sets of massive, incorporeal, and golden wings erupted into Cas’ field of vision. Jaw dropping, Cas’ entire worldview collapsed in on itself. What Gabriel was saying was true, he was part angel. With black wings that shifted in color and looked like pictures from a deep-space telescope. The witches that tried to take him hadn’t been lying, he really was a supernatural creature, not just a witch with a talent for healing.
“Dean?” Sam could hear some boxes being moved around in one of the rooms they’d been using for storage. He looked through the doorway to see his brother opening up an old box.
“No, like I said it was just unexpected, not harmful. I apologize, I didn’t mean for them to be out for so long.” Dean was surprised to note that Cas looked embarrassed.
“Yeah, shopping at a mall right now will probably not encourage warm fuzzy feelings. I’d be shocked if they even made it home without Dean punching someone in the face. I’m really surprised he even suggested it.”
“Come to my room? I, uh, I’m not asking for anything else tonight, but I was wondering if you’d be willing to just stay with me until I sleep? If that’s okay, I mean.” Dean stumbles over the words but Castiel is already tugging him in the direction of the bunker rooms.
Seeing Dean get hit in the chest and collide with his own car left Cas shocked. He froze for almost a moment too long, but managed to dive across the front seat just in time to catch Dean and drag him back inside. Unfortunately, that was all he managed to accomplish before more debris started raining down on their location. Struggling to close the open driver’s side door, Cas stretched out over Dean, silently praying he’d be okay. Cas knew if he could just concentrate for a few minutes, he’d be able to channel a healing spell. The thrumming sensation he associated with Dean was rapidly fading, and Cas knew he had to act quickly.
“Little late on that info, Sammy. Cas and I were ambushed about an hour ago. They’re tracking Baby?”
“The guy up front said this snow may turn into a blizzard late tonight, so we should definitely regroup with the others.” Castiel silently held the knit hat up to Dean and rolling his eyes he tilted his head forward a bit so Cas could easily pull it on. Cas opened the door and was quietly happy as Dean took his hand again to lead him through the small crowd of shoppers.
“We don’t have time to worry about that, Sam. Pass the info to Charlie, I’m sure either she or Bobby can find someone to go after her.”
“What do I look like, Gabriel? Mother of the year? Go ask someone at a baby store, but bring some formula and a bottle first. I can at least feed the wee lad while looking for a solution to your multiple problems.” Gabe got the feeling that he should leave now if he wanted to remain in whatever was left of Rowena’s good graces.
“Okay, okay! Let’s go make not-pie, c’mon.” Dean grabbed Cas’ hand, allowing himself the brief contact with the angel. Dean was suspecting more and more that his feelings for Cas were only growing, but he was doubtful that angels could even fall in love. He’d just have to content himself with the time they spent together. He wanted Cas to be happier here on Earth, to feel like he was supposed to be here. Seeing Cas smile as they worked on slicing peaches together felt like the kind of peace that Dean hadn’t ever had, and had never thought possible.
He wasn’t sure how much time had passed when Bizzaro-Poppins returned. He’d spent what felt like hours trying to pry the cuffs off (unsuccessfully), messing with the cage to try and find a weak point, and even trying to push through the magical interference to access his own powers. Cas eyed the woman warily as she made her way over to him.
Cas felt disoriented from what he assumed was a combination of the concussion he’d earned earlier in the day, the hood covering his face, and the bumpy road. He’d started feeling nauseous again but was trying his best to keep his stomach calm as vomiting in the hood was sure to be disgusting. He attempted to breathe in a controlled manner so as to stay alert and aware of his situation. The Demon Coven we rumored to be based on the East Coast so a drive from mid-Missouri to where Cas thought the higher ups would be was bound to involve windows of opportunity for escape.
“I – I’m glad I got to see them. They’re fucking awesome Cas, the shadows were badass enough, but wow. If I had known you could manifest them like that, I’d have been begging you to show me for years.” Cas laughed and the tension between them evaporated. Dean got ready in the bathroom and found Cas back in his regular clothing hanging up the phone when he’d finished brushing his teeth.
“I’ve missed you, it’s so hard to find any time right now. I swear all of my professors conspired to schedule tests and papers right before Fall break.” Dean chuckled, having heard the exact same complaint from Sam the other day.
Grasping the handle of the car door, Cas yanked it shut just as a flying rock skimmed across his forehead. The wound didn’t feel like much, but head wounds bleed, and Cas found himself temporarily blinded by his own blood.
“I think we can get the pie started and then eat while it bakes, if that’s okay with you.” Cas hummed in agreement and the two of them got to work. Dean shared some of his crust making secrets explaining to Cas that he was lucky Dean was a baker as he always has some of his own dough ready to use. Cas shared stories about his grandmother, along with some fairly outrageous stories about his brother, Gabriel. Dean was surprised by the simplicity of the peach pie recipe, but he was more surprised that Cas didn’t seem to know what actually counted as a pie.
“Well, I didn’t say anything because I wanted an honest choice from you without bribery, but when you wear my feather you should be able to see them anyway, especially since you said you can feel me through it. You may even be able to see them at times when they aren’t manifested in this realm.” Dean’s face is almost giddy at this news and Cas laughs again. Cas grasps Dean’s hand and this time he doesn’t protest as he’d led back into the warmth of the bunker. Cas takes a moment to push his wings away from the physical realm before going back inside. Dean continues to look behind Cas.
“So, we have to stake the vampire? Seriously?” Dean was amused at the idea of staking a vampire actually working.
“W-Y-C-H Dean, not witch. It means pliable, it’s named for the characteristic of the wood. But no, to answer your question. I doubt it has anything to do with the coffin wood. It’s not a tree common to this area.” Dean waves his hand to indicate Castiel should continue. “You are not the only one to mistake the name of the tree for something else. More recent lore does associate the tree with actual witches as many of them seem to like these trees as ritualistic sites. The rest of the lore associates them with melancholy and death, especially because the trees are known for unexpectedly dropping branches and injuring the unsuspecting people standing below them.”
“Charlie,” Dean whispered. “Do you know what’s up the scavenger hunt?” Charlie gave Dean a confused look.
“I wish you wouldn’t joke about whatever is going on here, Uncle. If you know what’s happening to me, and to Dean for that matter, I’d appreciate a straight answer.” Cas fixed Gabriel with a serious look, and hoped his uncle understood that he wasn’t in the mood for jokes.
“Uh, just something warm? Would you pick? There are too many choices.” Dean’s eyes ran across the menu board for a few minutes.
“In fairness to my grandmother I believe that she was more physically fragile by the time she switched. She couldn’t spend as long in the kitchen.”
“I feel the same way, but to clarify, do you feel as if you have to act on those instincts or can you choose to do something different?” Dean’s shoulders sagged in relief.
“Hey, kiddo. No need for that.” Gabriel scooped up the squirming baby and looked him over. He was happy to see that Anna’s grace seemed to have done its job. Castiel’s grace had built a new soul from the fragments that had been left behind. His grace and soul were intertwined in such a way that it was hard to pick apart one from the other. Anna had been right, this child was not a Nephilim, at least not like the few Gabriel had seen. It was as if his soul was fueled by his grace, rather than the immense power boost Nephilim receive from their soul’s powering their angelic abilities. And yet… there was something Gabriel felt he was missing. A potential for far more power than an average angel. That’s when he noticed the baby’s wings.
Dean woke up reluctantly in the morning. He’d had such a goddamn amazing dream last night and he was doing his best to cement it into his mind. It had been so vivid though, so real. He wanted to believe that it had really happened, but it seemed so impossible. Dean snorted at his own stray thought, as if something being impossible should make it any less likely in his world. Either way, Dean kept his eyes scrunched shut to replay the moment in his head. Real or not he wanted to remember the feeling of Cas’ lips on his for the rest of his existence. Unfortunately, his dear sister had other ideas.
“Here, I forgot I brought this for you.” Dean looks expectantly at the angel as Cas looks at the material in his hands.
“I would like to show you part of my true self. A part you can safely see with the aid of that potion.” Dean’s eyes sparkle, he’s clearly intrigued and Cas’ smile grows more confident. “It will give you partial access to otherworldly sight, similar to what many human psychics can see. With the dosage Sam and I measured out it should last for about a day. It’s somewhat variable dependent on your metabolism. If you decide to take it, I will meet you halfway and manifest a small representation of my true self.”
Still gasping for breath, Castiel felt panic creeping into his thoughts. He spent most of his childhood safe with his uncle, and the rest of his time under Rowena’s watchful eye. He had no context for this. He’d trained for years in self-defense but had never thought he’d have to apply that knowledge. Should he fight hard enough that the coven is forced to kill him? Should he go peacefully and hope cooperation means he won’t be injured further? Should he be passive and hope an opportunity arises for escape? The man holding onto his cuffs yanks Cas forward, practically dragging him up the stairs and Cas trips over steps he can’t see. As he stumbles onto a dirt floor, and then outside onto the grass, Cas comes to the conclusion that his best chance is waiting for the right moment to try and escape. He’s still injured from the roof collapse earlier, and his throat aches as he slowly regains his breath. Right now, even if he got away, it would only be for a few minutes at most. He’d have to wait for a better opening, and run as soon as he could.
“I’m sorry your brother won’t be home as soon as you’d hoped. I know you’ve missed him since he started his freshman year at Stanford.” Dean squeezed Cas’ hand in response and then pulled him into the bakery kitchen.
“You. Are. Absurd. You are worth everything to me.” Then, rather abruptly, Cas fell over. Dean’s heart was pounding in his ears, both from what the angel had said and the sudden alarm he felt at a cosmic being fainting. He pulled Cas up into his arms, and damn, he was heavier than Dean had expected. Not just the muscle that Dean could feel, but he idlily wondered if the wings somehow added weight. Either way, Dean eventually made it back to their hotel room, although his back wouldn’t thank him for it later.
“Yeah, I thought you and Sam at least would appreciate a Scooby-Doo mystery game.” Cas broke out into a laugh, and that made it more than worth it for Dean.
“Calm down, Red! He’s not a Nephilim and he’s also not mine. More like… a nephew? I guess? I need help stabilizing him, I can hide him well enough after that.”
“Yeah. I’d say that I’ve never seen so much pie in my life, but I live with Dean.” Charlie snickered.
“How do you know about those?” Dean raised his eyebrows and waited Gabe out. Rolling his eyes at the stubborn human, who he could easily snap out of existence, Gabe decided to humor him on the off-chance Cassie would be pissed at Dean’s sudden absence.
Dean hadn’t meant to spend last night half snuggling with his best friend, but Cas didn’t seem to mind so he wasn’t going to worry about it. Dean figured his secret crush on the guy was his problem, not the angel’s – as long as it didn’t mess up their friendship it wasn’t worth agonizing over.
“Is everything okay?” Dean knocked lightly before he pushed the bathroom door open. The room was humid from Cas’ shower, but the mirror had been wiped down and Cas was staring at the reflection of his back with concern. Dean could see that Cas had more than just the shoulder feathers, but the feathers on his back seemed to waver in and out of visibility. Even stranger, the feathers seemed like they were part of a greater whole, but large sections were missing – like an incomplete painting.
“Doesn’t matter how willing you are right now, kids. You need to talk to Rowena if you want more information. I could probably come up with a temporary solution, but I’d rather wait a few days for Cassie’s power levels to stabilize. Once the damage that nasty witch did to his wings heals, then I can try binding them again. In the meantime, lover boy should stay nearby.” Dean pulled Cas closer to him at Gabe’s words.
“Wow, Cas. I will say the one human trait that’s given you very little problems is sarcasm.” Cas just continued to look at Dean expectantly. “Alright, alright, lets go get you coffee, angel.”
Gabe had always enjoyed sensationalism, and after years dealing with his uncle’s vivacious and often heavily embellished storytelling, Cas had learned to treat most everything he said with a healthy dose of skepticism.
“I’m not sure, you’re welcome to try. There’s no guarantee these are even similar to the ones on my arms so maybe they’re visible to anyone?” Cas watched as Dean retrieved his phone and snapped a photo of Cas’ back. “Well?”
“Don’t be an idiot.” Cas gathered it was the black-eyed man speaking again, from the direction the voice was coming from. “While I’m expected to deliver you alive, that’s the only expectation. Keep trying to fight us and you won’t be arriving in one piece.”
“Cas! Wake up man, what the fuck happened? Cas? Cas?” Gabe ducked down and saw a sandy-haired and distinctly freckled man pulling up Gabe’s unconscious, shirtless, and bloody nephew from where he’d been collapsed on the car floor. Gabe looked closely at his nephew, not even flinching when he noticed the unknown man (who surely must be Sam’s brother, based on the message Cassie had left Gabe) had pointed a gun at his face.
While puzzled by the mystery, Gabe knew he needed to bind his nephew’s angelic powers again before his soul gave out. Gabe would ask Rowena what she thought later, for now he should get started on the binding.
“You should try as well, Dean.” Dean took another chunk from one of the bars and was pleasantly surprised by the burst of flavor on his tongue.
“Yes Dean. I apologize, you were saying something about your mother?” Dean’s 	eyes were back on the road as he responded.
“That’s the worst plan I’ve ever heard and I grew up with you.” There was a brief pause where Dean could hear Sam telling Charlie how insane Dean was. “Charlie says she can work on the reverse tracking part, but she doesn’t have a lot to go off of, and in the meantime, she wants a better plan. She also says she hasn’t had any luck so far, so it may be a long wait.”
“Alright Charlie. I can do that. I think I have an idea but we may have to explore some of the art tents later.”
“Uhh, well, I keep feeling like I want to touch you. Hold you and make you feel better. Mostly just be near you and make sure you’re safe, I guess. I, um, sometimes feel like I want to kiss you but not in the, I want to hook up for a one-night stand kind of way. Mostly I just feel better being around you and I find myself worrying about what could happen to you more than I’d expect for a guy I just met.” Dean’s words ran over themselves, but Cas managed to get the gist. Cas sat down on the bed near Dean, but kept a slight distance given the topic at hand.
“Well, well. I guess dear old Melody wasn’t pulling our chain. I can’t tell what the fuck it is, but it’s not a witch.” Cas scrambled to the side of the cage furthest away from the black-eyed man, not that there was anywhere to go. Something about those eyes terrified him, and the longer he stared the more the man’s face appeared inhuman. What the hell was going on?
“I’ll be okay, Dean. It’s just been an exceptionally long day. Just promise you’ll remind me to lock Sam in Rowena’s basement the next time he tries to convince me that we should be witch vigilantes.”
“Sammy. I need to do better than that. Cas, well, he’s important. He’s my best friend and I feel like I always, um, take him for granted or something. I want to do something really great for him for our Christmas present thing. But I ain’t got a single damn idea of what.” Sam turned back towards Dean and smiled at him.
“Stake it to the tree!” Cas caught on quick and as Dean threw himself out of the way Cas leapt after the thing that had once been Captain Abbot. Cas reached down to where the stake was sticking out and wrenched until the creature’s back was on the trunk of the Wych Elm. Pushing off from the ground Cas slammed the stake further in, until the vampire was stuck to the tree. It screeched as light pulsed from the stake into the tree. The Wych Elm seemed to come to life as it collapsed in on itself, dragging the mutant-vamp back to wherever the tree had come from. Within moments all that was left was a broken gravestone.
“Whoa, hold up buddy. I’m not mad or anything. I mean, it wouldn’t be my topic of choice to start chatting up the hot new guy at my doctor’s office, but you clearly work in healthcare, I’m sure you’ve heard the same thing from lots of folks.” Cas’ brain froze a bit when Dean referred to him as hot, but then it caught up with what he was actually saying.
“It’s the only option I can see. Without his grace subdued, his soul will burn out in a year or less. I can, however, place a spell on him that will allow him to recognize a complimentary soul.” Gabe looked at the witch skeptically.
I was reading about one patient's struggle with paying for his medicine and the guy sounded so much like Dean that I couldn't help myself but write this quick story.
“He’s not suffering from magic drain. He’s unconscious because his soul is being drained.” Gabe tried to turn back to Cassie, but was distracted by Dean grabbing his shoulder.
“Hey, it’s alright. We’ll figure it out, but you gotta calm down and tell me what’s different about the feathers on your back, because besides the fading in and out they look a lot like your arm tattoos.” Cas leaned into Dean’s touch and closed his eyes. Dean continued to stand beside Cas as the strange feathers flickered in and out of existence, giving his companion time to pull himself together.
“What do you mean his soul’s being drained? Is it something the assholes from the Demon Coven did to him? He said he was fine!” Dean moved around Gabe and crouched down by Cassie’s head, surprising the archangel when the kid started petting Cassie’s hair. As soon as Dean touched Cassie, Gabe noticed the soul drain stopped completely.
“Babies apparently need a lot of stuff. I won’t lie to you Red; I may be out of my depth on this one.” Gabe dumped the new supplies on the floor and made his way over the witch.
Now though, Cas thought maybe he’d already made Dean’s day a bit brighter, and he looked forward to getting to know the handsome man better. Maybe his impulse to offer his friendship to a stranger wasn’t as insane as it first seemed, and if Castiel was reading things right perhaps friendship wasn’t the only thing they had to offer one another.
“Alright Sammy, I’ll fill Cas, Gabe, and Bobby in later and see if we can’t come up with a plan that doesn’t get your and Charlie’s panties in a twist.”
He was happy to see that Cas looked more relaxed than he’d really ever known him to be. It still bothered him that the angel wasn’t sure he fit in here. Every time Castiel left, Dean worried that he wouldn’t come back. He kept waiting for the day that Cas would realize that he couldn’t possibly be bothered with Dean of all people. All of these Christmas activities were more than worth it if they made Cas happy. Honestly, Dean had started having fun with it himself as well. When he’d worried about Sam having a good Christmas as a kid, Dean had never had time to enjoy any of it for himself. With Cas, though, they were having fun together. If everything kept going well maybe Cas would stay, at least as much as he could. Dean put his hand into his coat pocket to make sure the bee mug Cas had enjoyed was secure. At least he knew one part of Cas’ present was something he’d like.
“Please don’t cry, Cas.” Castiel is surprised to feel tears drip from his face, he hadn’t realized just how much his emotions were spilling over. Dean wipes the tears away with his thumbs and then he leans in and kisses Castiel.
“Dean? Mission control to Spaceship Dean, come in!” Dean came back to the present to see Charlie’s hand waving in his face.
“That has happened to me more times than I’d like to admit, although I think getting attacked and kidnapped by evil witches is a better excuse than a bender.” Dean was rewarded with a small smile from Cas who took a few sips of water to rinse his mouth out.
“You shouldn’t feel different. You can look now.” Castiel hears a soft gasp behind him. “Tell me what you can see, Dean.”
“Whoa, slow down Dean. It’s okay, Cas is definitely interested in you as more than friends!” Charlie was grinning like crazy and had moved to the seat next to Dean to pat his back reassuringly.
“Okay, you’re right. It’s just, the only tattoos I have are the ones on my arms, and today the murder witch lady and that black-eyed witch both said I wasn’t human. Bizzarro-Poppins even reached behind me and it felt like she was tearing into my back even though I couldn’t see her doing anything. Now I see this, and I would really like to know what is wrong with me!” Cas’ voice had started out in a trembling whisper and ended in a growl of anger. Dean was startled to see Cas’ eyes flash once again with blue light, but he didn’t step away. Instead, he was once again drawn to the attractive (and currently naked besides a towel) man in front of him. Dean dropped the hand from Cas’ face onto his shoulder and pulled the healer into a tentative hug. Cas fell easily into Dean’s arms, as if they’d been embracing one another for their entire lives.
“What would that entail, Uncle? It doesn’t sound like something that should be agreed to on a whim.”
“Everything okay man?” Castiel turned towards Dean upon hearing his words and Dean notices the sadness that ghosts across the angel’s face. “Seriously, Cas, what’s going on with you? You seem more, I dunno, out of it than usual.”
“Are you going to share your thoughts with me, or do I have to guess what’s on your mind.” Dean kissed Cas a few more times before pulling back just enough to answer.
“WHAT. THE. FUCK.” Sam immediately resorted to pleading puppy-dog eyes, but Dean was furious. “Why the hell would you go after someone like that? Are you suicidal?!? If Rowena wasn’t here, you could have fucking called me in the first place Sam!” Sam’s shoulders hunched forward in shame.
Cas had already gotten gifts in preparation for Christmas, so he wasn’t sure why going out Christmas shopping mattered. Even so, he didn’t argue when Dean said they were going out. Dean had been in such a good mood recently that Cas was more than happy to do whatever was asked of him.
“Hey little man. I guess you’re stuck with your Uncle Gabe until you can find your “soul mate”. Without your grace you’re just going to be a fragile little human. Sorry about the wings, buddy. I gotta hide you from mean ol’ Azazel, but if there’s one thing I’m good at, it’s hiding.” As Gabe spoke, Castiel woke up and stared behind the archangel. Figuring out what the baby saw Gabriel pulled one of his wings to where Castiel could reach. He watched as the infant managed to reach into the plane where he kept his wings to grasp onto the golden feathers. Gabe smiled as the baby happily reached into his wing.
“I honestly don’t know what I can tell you guys that I haven’t already told the other cops. I’m sorry she’s dead but Louisa and I were not close. She and I have barely spoken since we were kids. She was friends with some really weird people and did a lot of drugs when we were younger. I’m really not surprised she ended up dead in a cemetery.” Janice was clearly frustrated at her sister’s death and the notoriety it had brought with it. They did manage to find out the names of some of the ‘weird’ friends Louisa hung out with but beyond that she had been more than happy to offer them free access to the Christmas event just to be rid of them.
“Why are you looking for dolls, Sam? What does that have to do with talking to Dean?” Sam smiled mysteriously and wiggled his eyebrows at her.
When they finally arrived at the front of the line of cars entering the ranch, Dean began to understand why there was a crowd. The lights draped everywhere were impressive and Dean was happy to note that Cas seemed taken in by the display. It always cheered Dean up to see Castiel happy, it felt like those instances were all too rare in their line of work. Dean and Cas showed their badges at the entrance and asked where they could find Janice. They were directed to a side road for staff and Dean noticed the small frown of Cas’ face.
“We haven’t gone to get coffee yet. I believe someone mentioned coffee to me before starting this endeavor but we’ve been walking around for an hour, and I still have yet to see any.” Dean rolled his eyes.
Cas had been mostly quiet since their emotionally charged moment in the drive thru line. While part of Dean regretted the interruption from the car that had been behind them, another more rational part wanted to get a handle on what exactly was drawing the two of them together. He could admit that regardless of the unusual circumstances he wouldn’t have been opposed to pursuing something with Cas under more normal conditions. After all, the guy was hot with his blue eyes and tousled dark hair. Knowing that helped, so maybe learning more about Cas would make Dean feel even better about the whole situation.
Not knowing if the other witch was possessed, Dean switched back to the witch killing bullets as he had a lot more of those and didn’t want to use the other ammo unless he absolutely needed to do so. The guy had been trying to get closer to Dean while he’d been distracted, but Dean had been doing this since he was a child. He rolled to his side in an instant, aimed, and hit the approaching witch dead center. The guy dropped as if someone had cut his strings, and Dean could only hope the guy was dead because before he could do anything else he heard someone crash through the brush to his right. Turning his head, Dean was met with intense blue eyes that seemed to almost glow for just an instant – and then Dean was on his feet and catching 6 feet of healer as the guy passed out.
“Yeah, wow. It’s nothing noticeable I guess, just this feeling of warmth. If I focus on it, it seems to get a little bigger, and I can tell it’s you.” Cas decides it’s time to get back to the kissing part as he feels he may actually be on fire with the amazing feelings coursing through him. Dean participates enthusiastically. Eventually though, Castiel notices that Dean is shivering, even with angel wings around him.
“Gabe? It’s Cas. I know you’re out of town right now but I’m calling you to say that the Demon Coven is tracking me and it’s possible they have all of the information that was available in my wallet. I’m okay, I’m with Sam’s brother, Dean, and he’s taking me somewhere safe. I don’t know if you remember, but Sam told us he’s a hunter, one of the good ones. Also, I don’t have my phone, I’m calling from Dean’s cell. Please stay safe, Gabe.” Cas ended the call and handed the phone back to Dean.
“Hmm, well, really long story short – when you were just a human baby you mostly died. Then the Demon Coven shoved some of Anna’s Grace into you and you were alive again, just not enough to survive for long. Anna gave you the rest of her Grace to save your life but angelic Grace can be powered by human souls. Your human soul was too weak to balance out your Grace trying to use it as a power source, so I bound your Grace to keep you alive. You have just enough that it manifested as a healing ability, so Rowena agreed to train you as a witch, since you were human enough to harness power the witchy way rather than unconsciously pulling on your Grace and weakening the binding spell keeping you alive.”
“This is beautiful,” stated Cas. The angel stood still for a moment, taking in the narrow wooden balcony that wrapped into a steep drop off of stone that served as a wall to the store but hadn’t been altered from the outside. Dean noticed what Castiel was looking at and led them back to a table right by the natural rock wall. They had an excellent view of the main street and all of the lights from their vantage point.
“Maybe your uncle would remember? Did you talk to him about that kinda stuff as a kid? I can remember telling my mom all about my dreams when I was a kid. She liked trying to figure out what they meant.” Cas nodded tiredly, agreeing that he’s ask Gabe at some point.
“If you get anymore tonight, can you send them as well? Dean’s working on a gift for Cas, and I think I can add on to it a bit.” Charlie nodded her agreement.
“We shouldn’t waste any time then, at this rate I won’t see you again until Thanksgiving.” Cas leaned forward and kissed the edge of Dean’s jaw.
