Katherine sniffled a couple more times, nodding a little to her Papa's questions. "Mm." was the only noise she made that was any kind of confirmation to what she'd heard. John nodded, nuzzling against Kat again.
Sherlock sighed, curling close to John and nuzzling against his neck. "Well, I'm sorry none the less." he murmured quietly, kissing John's jaw.
John shoved Sherlock's shoulder playfully, laughing quietly, not sure if Kat was asleep yet or not. "Hey, shut it. I'm damn near thirty," he said, leaning down to kiss Sherlock lovingly.
John really didn't like the idea of submersing Sherlock in cold or even cool water when his temperature was this high. "No, love, I'm sorry," he murmured, combing through Sherlock's hair again and blowing on his skin. "I think this just needs to sort itself out until the fever breaks."
Second year of school, they spent nearly an entire three weeks on it. His eyes widened, John walked into the kitchen, stopping in the doorway and looking at his bondmate. "Sherlock?" He swallowed, finding it difficult to get the question out. "Sherlock, are you... are you pregnant?"
Sherlock continued to sleep soundly, the only noise in the room coming from the steadily humming machines and the occasional noise of Sherlock's drip administering more morphine on a schedule.
Sherlock writhed and tried to thrust up a little, a frustrated whine coming from him this time. "God, I... fuck!" he swore, not something he commonly did, but it was so close again. He tried to pull his hands free, his arms starting to fall asleep a little from lying on them, and if he could just free them, he'd finish it himself. "You... are using your abilities as a doctor..." he let out a breath, swearing again quietly, not able to think.
John smiled to himself, straightening up when he had the medicine in his hands. He walked into the bathroom, getting a glass of water and then returning to Sherlock, handing him the glass and then two of the light pink pills. "Well, that's going to be something I have to teach you while we're here, isn't it?" he asked. "Can't have you stumbling when we dance at our wedding." He winked, perching himself on the bed beside Sherlock.
Mindy smiled softly, resting her hand lightly over Sherlock's and squeezing just as gently. Offering warmth but not forcing it.
John was still hot, but then again, Sherlock was still curled up beside him. He cleared his throat as softly as he could, but that soon turned into coughing, and then his stomach rolled. He jumped out of bed, half jogging into the bathroom and just barely making it to the toilet before he got sick.
Sherlock looked between them, then nodded once. "Come on Mish, let's go make some food," he murmured, getting up and excusing himself.
Sherlock licked his lips a little, taking a small step back, taking in the look of John. He smiled slyly. "Maybe," he said, looking at John, still in his fatigues. Christ it was hot, with his posture, and the way he looked. This morning it was different, now...
The woman had already been half in tears as she was explaining her situation, and burst into tears as she left. At least he wasn't going to charge her that had hardly been an exercise for him.
Sherlock mumbled, getting up a little bit and settling back on the bed. He reached up to where his shirt was still on the bed, having been used to tie his hands, and wiped up his front, leaning over and doing the same to John before chucking the shirt across the room. "Mm... s'better," he mumbled, settling against John, eyes closed again.
Sherlock hummed a little. "He's out of the country right now..." he murmured. He let out a breath, wondering about the Alpha. He said he'd been ordered to take Sherlock... by whom, though?
“How.” It came out as more of a demand than a question, and it made Sherlock smile slightly.
Sherlock sighed, dragging out the pyjamas John had bought for him and moving towards the bathroom. "Just focus on what I've pointed out in the book," he said with a glance at John. "I... can take these off myself," he said, nodding at his bandages before disappearing into the bathroom.
"Maybe...well I should be there for that talk though, shouldn't I? Or would I make it worse?" he asked, never having thought about how they would discuss this with Katherine. She knew that the marks on his neck were called bondmarks but she never really bothered asking what they were for. He sighed a little, relaxing a bit more against John.
..." he sighed, looking back up at the ceiling. "I don't want to hurt our kids, Sherlock."
"I have to go away so that I can help people," John explained quietly, rubbing Kat's back. "I have to save them and make their owies better. I'll be a long ways away, but I'll be able to video message you, I think, and I'll be writing letters." He kissed his daughter's temple, petting her hair. "And no, love, it's not quite the same as when Daddy went away."
Sherlock nodded. "Okay," he said, continuing to eat his chicken and rice. He finished soon enough, putting some money on the table and leaning against John, resting his head on his shoulder.
fight you over this, but I don't want to hurt our pup. Let him go, now," he commanded, his voice and scent resonating his dominant place as Alpha and protector, his teeth bared in case Sherlock forced him to bite.
“Hmm,” Sherlock hummed, fingers steepled under his chin.
side of things. Just like with your mother and..." he trailed off. "Oh... we um, we'll have to tell them, won't we? What am I talking about, she'll probably just know just by looking at us. I know my scent hasn't changed yet, but I know it's going to at the second trimester," he said.
John pulled Sherlock closer with an arm around his hip, resting his head on the Omega's shoulder and gently looking at the picked scab on his wrist.
He got a few looks from the doctors and a few visitors walking down the hall. His heat... he was still in it. It made him feel small, and his heart beat quickly in his chest. He looked around, finally finding John. He paused a few feet away. "J-John?" he asked softly. "John, I'm sorry, please..." he said.
"But I won't be here for a while, and I want you to talk to Daddy, okay?" John asked, stroking his thumb over her cheek. "Daddy won't be going anywhere," he promised. "I'll tell him that he needs to stay home with you, alright?" He had to laugh at Kat's question about the baby. "It's a bit like magic, sweetie. It just grows there. That's just where babies come from."
John grinned, snapping his hips in a way that angled against Sherlock's prostate, holding his hips steady as he tried to squirm underneath him. "Alright, love," he whispered, his voice low, kissing Sherlock fiercely as he reached between them and stroked him quickly, twisting his hand to pull everything he could out of the Omega. "Come for me," he commanded in a whisper, biting at Sherlock's bottom lip.
Sherlock sighed, pacing the room a little as John walked away. He gingerly touched his neck again, glancing out the window as he did so. "They're fine," he breathed, watching outside. Mycroft was no doubt watching the flat, after what had happened. He looked at the blown out building across the street, the inside being cleaned out now. He sighed, still standing in front of the window, picking absently at a scab on the side of his neck.
John nodded rapidly. "I'll listen to all of them, and I'll help critique them if I can." He closed his eyes tighter, crushing Sherlock against himself. "I--" His phone rang out, making him jump and pull away from Sherlock.
"I'll force feed him cake until he bursts," he murmured, knowing full well if John didn't come back...he didn't know how he'd come back from losing John. "I can't lose you," he said quietly. I wouldn't be here if not for you," he said softly. “Neither would she...or this," he said, moving John's hand to his stomach. "Without you...I...I can't function," he said.
John sighed, watching Sherlock step out of the shower before he turned the water off and stepped out with him, taking a towel from the rack and drying off.
Sherlock woke up a couple hours later – needing to use the toilet again – pushing himself up sleepily and padding down the hall. He ruffled his hair a little, turning to look in the mirror when he was done, looking at his stomach. He sighed, walking into the bedroom to pull on his dressing robe. He didn't really bother with clothes half the time these days unless he had to. He yawned, shuffling out into the kitchen to find something to eat.
Sherlock blinked a few times, looking at John still. He'd hoped that if John would tell anyone anything, it would be him. He looked down for a moment. "I see," he said. "Perfectly understandable," he added, moving towards the door when the car pulled to a stop. He got out, forcing himself to his feet on his own, standing outside the restaurant, waiting for John.
"Water..." Sherlock mumbled, shuffling into the bathroom and drinking three glasses before moving back into the bedroom. He climbed under the top sheet, not feeling as warm this time, covering himself half way.
Sherlock let out a sharp breath, snaking his arms around John more and holding tightly to him. "It's alright John." Sherlock said quietly, speaking more into John's chest. He looked up, seeing John's damp face, closing his eyes as John started kissing him. He did the same, holding tightly onto him while still murmuring quietly to his mate.
John jumped back to the present, gasping in long startled breaths. "Not real. You're not there anymore," he murmured to himself, dropping his forehead against the tiles and trying to forget about it all.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist, holding him close and burying his face in his shoulder. "I'm sorry," he whispered, almost too softly to hear. "I didn't mean it. I just... you've done so much for me and I just want to help you."
"When are you going to tell Mycroft?" John asked, figuring he would have to tell Harry and Mum at some point too. "’Cause he'll find out on his own if you don't tell him, and that could get a bit... intrusive."
The nurse trotted off after quickly getting someone to cover her spot, walking down to the operating section of the hospital. She did a run on John Watson, finding out what she could about what was happening, and then quickly passed the clipboard off to a nurse who knew Sherlock and had dealt with him before.
Sherlock swallowed, letting out a breath. He allowed himself to relax, remembering that he never used to have to try to, being held like this by John. Still, it was warm and he soon shut his eyes, starting to doze off. As he did so, he slipped into his mind palace, turning down a hall and coming to John's wing. John had had a room, though that was soon expanded. Sherlock lingered there, not having gone inside in a while, not allowing himself. Half dreaming, he stepped forward and unlocked it, pushing it open before he finally fell completely asleep.
Sherlock moaned softly as John pressed into him, his eyes closing slightly, mouth forming a perfect O. "That’s... a yes," he said, another noise escaping him as John quickly started to move. He thrust into him and Sherlock bucked his hips up a little, trying to grind up against John for the friction. "Christ!... Shit!” he swore, trying to keep his voice soft. Katherine slept like a log, but still...
The cab pulled to a stop then, outside of a white building.
John shuddered slightly at Sherlock's lips on his neck, and he leant into the touches. Reaching up to cup the back of Sherlock's neck, he pulled the Omega forward and claimed his lips again, parting them with his own and flicking his tongue inside almost hesitantly. "Thank you," he breathed, his lips brushing against Sherlock's, as he was unwilling to lose contact.
Sherlock stood up, stretching a small bit. He walked over and pulled out one of the hideous shirts he had to wear, along with the trousers to go with it. He sighed. "I don't like these either... almost as much as the tea I have to drink," he mumbled, pulling on the trousers with the elastic. He sighed, running his fingers through his hair a little, looking over his shoulder at John.
"Are you leaving me or are you going to stay for a little longer?" John asked, watching Sherlock.
Sherlock whimpered, moving his hips a bit in rhythm to John's movements. "Please... please, almost...
"Here, come on." John took one look at Sherlock's shoes and led him over to what he figured would be the section of the store that would most interest him. Dress shirts hung in racks on the left, trousers in the middle, and jackets on the right.
"Good thing we're having a lie-in today," he said, wincing internally as he accidentally pulled at the stitches. "I don't want you moving, if you can help it." After tossing the gauze into the bin, he put a fresh bandage over the wound and pressed a kiss to Sherlock's shoulder.
Sherlock smiled. "Her head, John," he said a little worriedly and reached up to support at Katherine's neck. She was doing pretty good holding it up herself, but he didn't want to risk it. She got tired quickly.
John held onto Katherine's hands, wanting to keep her close for as long as possible. "That's right, it is," he said, smiling softly down at her. "January sixth," he told her, counting out six on his fingers. He looked up at the doorway when he heard Sherlock come back in, carrying a tray of breakfast on one hand, and a wiggling Hamish in his other arm. John laughed, reaching out for the tray. "I applaud your balance skills," he said with a broad smile.
John gripped Sherlock tighter as nurses ran toward them, pressing their foreheads together and brushing his nose past Sherlock's. "It's alright, it's okay," he murmured, his tears dripping down to join Sherlock's before the nurses pulled him away.
"No," John breathed, shaking his head slowly. He ran his hand down his face, casting a worried look at Sherlock. "I'll be fine. We'll be fine, I promise. I can handle it." He ran his hands gently through Sherlock's hair, recognising the growing symptoms now that Sherlock had pointed it out. The Omega was definitely starting his heat cycle.
John reacted, grabbing at the man’s hand and lifting his knee up quickly and slammed it into the man’s chest. He grabbed the mugger’s right hand with his left, trying to force him to drop the blade.
John laughed, following Sherlock's gaze up to the sky. "It's almost September," he said in agreement.
God I want to see you, your bedding, and jumpers....they smell like you, but it's not the same. It's empty. Did you feel that way? With the scarf and doll? Do you still have those even? God...feels like ages ago. Here is a picture from today, Katherine and Hamish, she loves holding him, four years, seven months, and one week, and two months of age respectively.
It took only a minute to reach the mouth of the alley that the smell was pouring out of. Blood, and a lot of it. But along with the smell of blood came the scent of desperation, and the sounds of it as well.
It had been a week, and John was still numb. He wasn't sure how he got through the day-to-day norms, but he supposed it had to do with Katherine. He'd quit work, because the first day he had been supposed to go back he had ended up pub-hopping and getting pissed instead.
Sherlock whimpered softly, looking at John as he sat up again. He blinked a little, rolling over without thought onto the bed, lifting his hips up as he was on his knees, presenting himself shamelessly. He whined into the bed, swallowing thickly.
Sherlock blinked a few times, looking down at John. He chewed his lip a little before resting his forehead on top of John's hair. "Thank you," he murmured, knowing John hadn't wanted to take those large bites. "I'd like it at least half gone... or gone by this afternoon," he said. He took a breath, John's scent soothing like it had been a lifetime ago.
Sherlock sighed, nodding a little. "Good," he murmured. "Though, if it's alright with you, I'm more yours than anything," he murmured, surprised almost by how much he wanted that. He wanted to be John's.
Sherlock was a little startled by the quick movements, almost worried about his side and stitches when John lifted him, but they were fine.
Sherlock was shoved back against the wall, his head smacking into it. He winced, blinking spots out if his eyes.
John lifted Sherlock's hips a little, aiming his thrusts until he was hitting Sherlock's prostate dead on. He grinned, his knot already swelling, which was ridiculously fast for him. Reaching over with one hand, he started stroking Sherlock, rolling his thumb over the head until he knew if he waited any longer that he wouldn't be able to get his knot in. He thrust deep into Sherlock, holding himself still as he came, managing to keep stroking Sherlock through it.
"I've already waited nine months though." he said with a sigh, he met John's gaze, continuing with whatever look it was John accused him of. "I
"It's telling me that I want to play it rather than follow it." he said, meeting John's gaze instead of looking down. He sighed keeping his eyes on John's. After a moment he found it easy to take up on John's movements, anticipating them. "We have to do this in front of people...don't we?" he asked quietly. "You realise if we wait until after the baby, if I even get pregnant...that it would be hard to plan and pull off a wedding with an infant
John smiled, picking up a biscuit and popping the whole thing in his mouth. He had always been bad with eating on the holidays, and now that Sherlock was around, he was much more inclined to eat. "As soon as we finish opening presents here, yes," he said, taking a sip of his wine and reaching for another biscuit, leaning his head against Sherlock's shoulder as he ate it.
Sherlock kept badgering Mycroft for information, but he couldn't give him any, saying that if something had happened, he'd know. Sherlock tried not to think about it and shoved himself into work, case after case, test after test. He eventually got bored and took on cold cases as well.
Katherine sniffled a little again, nodding. "T-tried," she said, having gotten sick while detangling herself from her covers, unsuccessfully, as her bedding was covered with sick as well.
John wrapped his arm around Sherlock, holding him close. He didn't care that a little bit of his emotion came through on his features. He was leaving in less than six days; he had every right to be upset. "You guys have a good system, though," he said quietly to Harry, his fingers making absent circles over Sherlock's side. "And if you wanted something else, you could always talk to her. I'm sure she'd listen."
John gave Sherlock a slightly horrified look, standing up and peering inside the fridge. "Sherlock? What the hell?" he demanded, holding up the bag of thumbs and shaking them at the Omega. "Why?"
A nurse walked into the room with a needle between her fingers. "You've got a small concussion, nothing major. I'm going to give you a light sedative to help you sleep." She injected it into his IV before he could protest and he was knocked out quickly after.
"Sherlock," John reprimanded gently, reaching up to comb through his hair. "The Army needs me to help them so that we can live happily here," he told Kat as he set his hand over Sherlock's on his stomach. "You're going to be Daddy's big helper, aren't you, baby?" he asked, kissing the top of her head.
Sherlock swallowed, hearing John pack and feeling his chest grow heavier with each item packed up. He heard John in the bathroom, waiting for him to return to the room before rolling over to look at him. "I promise, I really do...I'll take care of everything here, and when you get back it'll be to two happy, well fed children, and an equally to well enough fed mate that will be waiting for you," he said, holding out his arms this time, hoping John took the invitation. John stared at Sherlock's spread arms for a moment longer than he probably should have before walking over to the bed. He sunk down beside Sherlock, gathering up his Omega into his arms. There was still a part of him that didn't want to, but a larger part did, and he knew Sherlock needed it.
John made Murray go back and pick up Stephen's body – something to send home to his family. Then he passed out, dizzy and disoriented, only able to think
Sherlock pushed him gently to the bed, going to refill the glass and wet down a cloth with cool water. He set the cloth in John's hand for a moment, and the glass on the bedside table as he tugged John's jumper off. "You're warm, don't need it," Sherlock muttered, pressing the cloth to John's forehead after wiping down his face real quick.
He leant up on his toes, kissing him gently. "Come on. It's a bit of a drive," he said softly, walking around to the other side to slide into the driver’s door.
John looked up when Sherlock suddenly switched topics. Taking a deep breath, he stared down at his food and finally just set it down on his plate. "Have you been responding?" he asked, glancing up at Katherine and seeing her watching him closely.
John.
Sherlock woke up a few times during the rest of the day, and into the evening, always managing to drift off again. It was so easy now that he felt so tired most of the time. It was probably around one or so in the morning when he carefully slid out of John's arms, unable to stand it anymore. He carefully took his IV cart with him and padded into the bathroom to use the toilet, sitting on the closed lid after he was done to rest his hand on his stomach again, not sure why he kept doing it, and why he only did so when alone.
Sherlock hummed, nodding as he dried off. He wrapped his dressing gown around himself and padded down the hallway, almost dreading the message he'd find when he picked up his phone. It couldn't be time yet... just couldn't.
Sherlock's mouth quirked up a little in one corner. "Thinking," he murmured. "You needed the sleep still," he said. God knew how much he'd be getting over there. He let out a breath, opening his eyes and looking at John. "It's all fine... right?" he asked carefully, looking at John.
As soon as John passed through the doors, he froze. Nothing looked quite right. It still looked like the living room... sort of... but it mostly looked like the desert, and when he angled his head just right, it looked just like a house where he had killed two men. "Sh-Sherlock..." he called, holding Kat tighter against him, not sure he could trust what his eyes were seeing.
John beamed. "No, no one's as smart as your daddy," he agreed, kissing Sherlock's cheek. He watched Katherine closely, noticing her eyelids sagging, her head nodding a little as she fought to stay awake. It was only a few more minutes before she finally – dear god,
John grinned, taking Sherlock's hand and leading him to the door. He pulled on his bomber jacket, tossing Sherlock his Belstaff. "It's really just Mike and two of the doctors I've been working closely with. I said goodbye to Molly yesterday."
"We got him cleaned up while he was under still, taking record of his other... injuries. The state of him... we'd like you to provide the information on the facility you got him from, because, while the sale of Omegas is still unfortunately legal in this country, there are regulations, and I can tell you now," he said, pointing at the closed door, "that is not how they're meant to be treated."
John smiled. "I understand, love. I'll get you the pills in the morning, how bout? Tonight I just... I want to eat and then I want to hold you and then I want to sleep for at least nine hours." He pulled Sherlock closer, taking his hand and squeezing it.
Sherlock blinked a few times, sitting bolt upright in the cab, his flushed face worried, eyes wide. He looked at the driver, and then to John. "J-John did... did you ever get those... suppressants?" he asked quietly, worried. What if he hadn't? Sherlock's heart sped up at the thought.
Sherlock’s mouth quirked up a small bit. "Oh I didn't
"When are you being shipped out?" McCann asked, folding his hands on the desk. He was going to be sad to see John leave. John was definitely one of his more promising pupils, and he had the steadiest hands and the quickest mind.
John rolled away from Sherlock, throwing the covers off and getting out of bed. "Fine," he snapped. "When you've stopped being such a child, come let me know." He knew he shouldn't snap at Sherlock, but he was still on edge from yesterday and he was tired of the Omega not opening up to him.
He lay in his bed for a couple hours, staring at the ceiling as he struggled with his own thoughts. He eventually got up and moved through the motions of his morning. Coffee, something small for breakfast though he wound up taking a bite of the toast and then it lay forgotten on the counter as he moved over to his computer.
"Christ, I love you too," John whispered, stroking his fingers through Sherlock's hair until the Omega fell asleep. He let out a soft sob, the pain in his chest for Sherlock this time. "I'm so sorry, Sherlock," he breathed, his lips moving softly against Sherlock's hair. He held Sherlock tighter, rocking him slowly until he drifted off as well.
John ran a long look over Sherlock's form, taking in every detail. "To say it plainly? Hot as bloody hell." He smirked, standing from the bed and walking over to Sherlock, leaning up on his toes to nip at Sherlock's lower lip and then kiss him.
John glanced at the bullet holes but ignored them as he pulled Sherlock further into the room. He stripped down and tugged on some pyjamas, squeezing Sherlock's hand before he left the room again, walking around the flat, still on edge from the other Alpha's smell.
John had to chuckle, ruffling Sherlock's hair gently. "Look at you. What happened to the young boy who hated the company of people?" he teased, continuing to hold Sherlock. "I told you that company was good. You didn't believe me, did you?" He bent his head, lightly kissing Sherlock's forehead. "But I know what you mean. I can't live without you three either."
After about an hour, there was a knock at the door and Maria came in again with a bottle of pills in one hand. "Here you go, love," she whispered, patting Sherlock gently on the shoulder. "Take two of them within the next hour or so and you'll be alright." She smiled kindly at him before walking over to check on John, hooking him back up to a few more machines, including the painkillers, and then leaving the room.
John helped the boy take another drink of the milk before moving to check his bandages – he wouldn't take them off to change them until tonight.
It had been almost four days, and he never allowed himself to starve for longer. So he made himself eat, not realising that Katherine was sitting much the same way, eating the crackers, looking worn out still, and a bit off colour.
"I don't think you'll have to worry about that for a long time," John commented, curling up around Katherine and humming softly to himself. He knew that there was always the possibility of disappearing into his mind, but he didn't find that likely either. Not tonight. "Goodnight, love," he murmured before quickly falling asleep.
"Uh!" she demanded, a determined look on her face.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, turning from the window to look at John. He turned and leant over, catching a look of himself in the hall mirror. "That's just my face," he said, a little bemused.
John blinked a few times, his head finally starting to clear. "Sherlock, it's fine. Leave it for a moment and come here," he asked, a tremble in his voice. He stood from the chair with some effort, walking out into the living room.
that you're not a burden. I don't do anything unless I want to, trust me." John grinned at Sherlock, though all he could see was the top of his dark curls.
February 24
Sherlock hummed, looking worriedly over John's bandages. He swallowed, whimpering and moaning a little as John's teeth moved down his body. "J-John..." he breathed, his head leaning back into the bed.
"Papaaa!" Katherine squealed, grinning wide. "Happy Birthday Papa! I'm four!" she said with a smile, quickly starting to babble on about the zoo, and what they were doing later that day and who was coming over and how she was four now, restating the fact a few times. Sherlock let her talk, just looking at John through the fuzzy connection, trying to deduce what he could, tired...busy. Busy wasn't good. Not over there. "John," he said, smiling stupidly, eyes watering a little from a mixture of happiness and sadness. He swallowed, looking at him, in fatigues.
I still have a lot more testing and prepping to do, so I won't be talking for the rest of the week, but if you send the picture, I'll see it.
Sherlock jerked a little at the pressure, realising a moment later that he was shaking... interesting. He swallowed, a small cry escaping him as John seemed to press harder. "S-stop... stop it..." he whined, weakly trying to wriggle out of the pinned grasp. His head held felt light and he blinked rapidly, breath hitching slightly.
John smiled, squeezing his hand over Sherlock's hip a small amount. "I can understand that," he said, looking over at Sherlock. "Just let us know when it's a good time and I'll try to pop in. Hopefully dragging Sherlock behind me." He leant his head lightly against his bondmate's shoulder.
“Hm?” he hummed softly, meeting her gaze. “Doing? Doing what?”
John smiled, trying hard not to cry at the hesitancy in his daughter's voice. "Hey, sweetheart," he said softly, taking Hamish's bottle away from him as he finished it and handing the infant back over to Sherlock. "It's me, Katty; Papa's just hurt. You can come up though, if you're careful," he said, patting the bed beside him and smiling encouragingly at her. "They're just cuts and bruises. You know what those are." He glanced up at the door, hearing more footsteps, and smiled at little at Harry, who had her hand covering her mouth, and there were obvious tears in her eyes. "Hey sis," he said tenderly.
"Oh, love," John sighed, shaking his head a little, because he knew that Hamish was fast asleep. But he relaxed his hold on his mate anyway, gesturing for him to get up if he really wanted to. "I'm sure he's fine, but if it will settle your nerves, you can check on him," he murmured quietly.
Sherlock frowned a little, coughing again. Hole in his... what? He couldn't think straight. He was so tired, he didn't care, just wanted to sleep.
Sherlock smirked, smiling as he bent his head down and kissed John.
"Oh my god, pick up your damn phone, you arse." John left a message before hanging up and immediately calling again, beginning to get worried.
"I know," John whispered, trying not to choke on his words. He was being re-gifted his old rank as Captain, assigned a new team. He was being forced back into the one place he had sworn he would never return to, and he was leaving a family behind. "I hate them too."
Sherlock nodded, reaching over and gently tugging up John's jumper from the lining of his trousers, trying to tug it off of him.
"Oh, my god," John breathed, dropping his head in his hands to hide his tears. "Thank you," he whispered, reaching out for one of Sherlock's hands. "Christ. Thank you."
"I was referring, actually, to your doctor, making sure he wasn't changing his mind about keeping you here," he said, helping John into the chair. He was wearing some lounge bottoms and a t-shirt that Sherlock had brought from home. He got him settled and removed the brakes from the chair. "We're going then? I can take him out of the hospital and home, and he's well enough to do so assuming we follow the instructions at home for his therapy, meds, etc?" he asked.
"Um...Papa? Was thinking maybe don’ want get sick," she said, rubbing her nose a little with a sniff. "And maybe medicine won't be icky with chocolate milk?" she asked quietly, twisting her fingers.
Sherlock nodded shakily, closing his eyes, still breathing in John's scent, which helped. Eventually the cab pulled to a stop, and he was helped out of it, onto the pavement and into the hospital. "J-John... the bag, at home..." he said. They'd got a bag ready, to take to the hospital. Clothes, baby clothes, even a couple of cold cases for Sherlock to look at during their stay.
"Oh hush you, stretch your leg," he said at John, still smiling. Hamish rolled over on their bed, pushing himself up to his knees and rocking back and forth on all fours. He toppled to his side and let out a frustrated shriek. Sherlock sighed, lifting him up. "It's alright Mish, you'll get there soon enough. And so what if you are a Daddy's boy...it's only fair I get one, since Katty's a Papa's girl," he said, smiling at John slyly.
"So what was the surgery today, then?" Sherlock asked, looking at John knowingly.
Sherlock carried Katherine downstairs and tried to hail a cab. There weren't that many of them available, but he found one after a minute, climbing into it but keeping Katherine on his lap, holding her close. He looked over at John, stroking the curls at the base of her neck. He let out a breath, rocking her a little. "Yeah... you used to play with my hair," he murmured.
Sherlock let out a breath, licking his lips. "Puppet does little without the Master pulling the strings," he said quietly, exiting out of the picture on his phone and starting a search. "And he wouldn't have killed me, even if I was standing by the door when he fired, it would have only hit my legs. He said his intent was to take me, but seeing as he didn't pursue me I can only assume he meant to frighten me first," he explained.
Sherlock wet his lips a little, lying back on the bed with a sigh, looking up at the ceiling. "I-I'll go," he said quietly, turning his head to look at John. "If you're going," he said, looking back up at the ceiling again, ears reddening at what he had said.
Sherlock felt something unfamiliar clench almost painfully in his chest, as he watched John leave.
seeing Sherlock in pain, any kind of it. "I'll be right back," he whispered, sliding out of bed and quickly walking into the bathroom, wetting a linen with cold water and then returning to Sherlock, running the cloth over his skin and blowing on the water to attempt to cool him down a bit, even though he knew it would only be a temporary relief. He finally settled the cloth on Sherlock's forehead, taking his pulse at his wrist. It was elevated, but not alarmingly. "You'll be okay," he promised.
John let out a breath. This was a good thing; he should do this. It would get his mind off all of everything the night before. That was hard to do, he found.
Sherlock leant back against the headboard again, picking once more at the bandages on his wrist.  He glanced over at John. "Something's bothering you," he said, not in question.
"How are you feeling?" he asked, twirling a curl around his finger.
Sherlock winced at the feeling of John's tongue on his bite, it stung. Not just physically, but emotionally as well. John's bites were always to his mark,
"I think you're a bit more perfect than I am," John murmured, kissing his cheek and reaching up to card his fingers through Sherlock's hair, massaging his fingers against his scalp.
John sighed, not wanting to get into this discussion. He rolled off the bed, stretching his arms above his head and walking over to put a shirt on, relieved when his scar was covered up. He knew he shouldn't be self-conscious about it – Sherlock didn't want him to be – but he couldn't help it. The reminder of the pain and the fact that he had almost lost Sherlock and what this bloody wound had cost the Omega was too much, and he didn't want to look at it if he didn't have to.
Mycroft stepped forward. "As far as I've seen it, we have had little differences, save how we do things. We both care about him, and want his safety," he said, looking closer at the infant.
Sherlock grimaced. "I... John, I'm not... lying, I…" He was pulling for straws, digging in his heels lightly. "I won't tell you where they are. It's a big enough cemetery," he said, feeling his heart start to race in his chest. He felt a few more kicks, the pup obvious agitated by his state.
Sherlock sighed, glancing out the window some hours later as the sun started to rise.
John braced himself on the edge of the bed so that he wouldn't fall too. He looked down at Sherlock and then at the IV in his hand, which was keeping him in place on the bed. He tugged it out without a second thought, slipping out of bed and sinking to the floor beside Sherlock. He cupped Sherlock's face in his hands, holding him steady. "You're alright, love. Hospital. I'm here, you're okay."
Sherlock rolled onto his side, still dozing. The hand that had been cradling Katherine flexed, moving a little around as if looking for something. He sat up then, blinking his eyes open and looking around and seeing John holding Katherine. He smiled, settling back down onto the sofa with an almost relieved sigh.
John groaned, banding his arm across his stomach and keeping his eyes closed. Christ, no wonder Katherine had put up such a fuss over it. This was a bitch of a flu. "Go away. I don't want you getting this, too," he gritted out, trying to fight down the next wave that hit him, but it was pointless, and he ended up throwing up into the toilet again. He leant back, stripping out of his sweat-soaked shirt and tossing it to the floor. He wondered briefly how high his temperature was, but decided it didn't matter. Katherine's had broken, so would his.
Sherlock tensed when John pulled at Hamish gently, and his face crumpled a little, nuzzling more into the soft blond hair. "Mish...my Mish...please..." he begged quietly, feeling too warm, not able to think past anything more than his children,
John buried his face in the crook of Sherlock's neck, biting back a sob as he thrust hard into Sherlock. "I'm sorry," he whispered, trying to keep up a steady rhythm, his fingers combing through Sherlock's hair, twisting around the curls.
Sherlock took a break from the sandwich and took the water, drinking down half the glass. He swallowed, glancing over at John. The corner of his mouth quirked up as he felt John's fingers trace up him.
"I know," John soothed, stroking his fingers through her hair and lightly running the pad of his thumb across her cheek. "I'll call a therapist today, alright? Why don't you try to sleep again, baby? You need some rest." It was too early for either of them to be up, really. But he wouldn't go back to sleep until he knew Katherine was okay.
After a couple mouthfuls the man started to actively drink, weakly, but he was pulling the blood from Sherlock’s wrist, rather than just swallowing to clear his airway.
John,
John smiled gently at their daughter, easing her off his lap so he could stand. “Yeah, but it’s alright. We can always watch it another time,” he promised with a kiss to her forehead before he walked into the kitchen. He made a bottle for Hamish and returned to the living room to give it to Sherlock. “I’m going to start on lunch, any requests?” he asked as he smoothed down Katherine’s hair.
"Sherlock are you alright?" John called, still able to hear the shower running.
Katherine slid across the wooden floor, climbing up onto Sherlock's lap, and then wrapped her arms around John's. "Love you Papa... Daddy," she said, humming before she pulled away, as bouncy as ever. "What reading? When does Santa come?" she asked.
John hummed happily, sipping from his tea and closing his eyes. He let the silence envelope them for a while, continuously sipping from his mug until the tea went cold. "Up you get," he murmured, gently nudging Sherlock's side. "I want more tea."
Assist a surgery, treat a patient, perform a minor operation, stitch a leg wound, and repeat. By the time John got home, the only thing he could think about was sleeping, and he walked past the living room, managing a smile at the sight of Sherlock playing his violin.
He had obviously been trying to make it seem as if he wasn’t casting furtive glances at a couple in the corner. It was two men, one with their shirt off completely as he straddled the other’s hips where he sat. Such things were rather tame compared to what Sherlock had observed- and taken part in occasionally- over the years. Yet here was Watson, glancing up with…what was that? Interest? Curiosity?
John almost immediately calmed when he was flooded with Sherlock's scent, the scent of his mate, one that was matched so close to his own, but he could distinguish them easily now. The weight of the coat was nice, too, comforting and warm. With a small whimper, he peeled his eyes open again, turning his head to look over at Sherlock. "I'm not afraid to look at you. I just don't... don't want you to see me like this," he said quietly.
John smiled a little at what Sherlock used to say to him. "I know, baby girl. Same to you. Now you better go potty and then we can go to bed, alright?" he suggested, kissing her forehead and then her nose before setting her on the ground.
"She's always been like that. Just... really good at reading people." John took Sherlock's hand, studying the bumps of his knuckles and the blue veins under his skin. "You're pretty good at reading me," he mused quietly, glancing up at Sherlock for a moment before looking away again.
John was able to see right into the heart of Sherlock’s thoughts though, reaching out and cupping Sherlock’s cheek, pulling him in for a light kiss. “I’ll be okay,” he breathed when he pulled away, lightly kissing the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. “I won’t do anything stupid. And… and Lucian is dead,” he said quietly, looking down for a moment with a small shiver. “We’re fine, yeah? I’m just going to go call Harry.” He stood slowly, keeping Hamish in places with his hand and laying Kat down on the cushions before he walked off into the bedroom.
"I know I need more sleep, and yeah, so do you. Unfortunately, I can get three hours a night on average, five when I'm lucky." John sighed, resting his chin on his palm and looking happily at Sherlock. "I just want to hold you, but I can't. You're seven and a half hours away, and I'm sitting in the middle of a desert." He paused, smiling at Sherlock through the camera. "You look good, though. Putting on a little weight, which is good."
Katherine stirred slightly when John's tone shifted, a small noise coming from her. Sherlock felt his chest tighten, looking down at his daughter. She'd seen him, she knows what the man looks like. He blinked, seeing on the edge of the long sweater she wore, below her coat...there was a little bit of blood.
Sherlock flitted down the alley silently, able to hear the rapid fire beating of a heart that was trying far too hard, and would soon give up upon its owner.
John turned the water on hot, then stepped out of his clothes and walked in. He whined a little on instinct at how hot the water was, but he didn't step out of it. He stood directly under the spray, letting the sobs tear through him until it eventually brought him to his knees, his arms wrapped around his stomach.
He blinked, feeling his heart swell; he knew who that was. "Hello, Katherine," he said quietly. She leant in a little more, and it pained Sherlock to see the lack of recognition that she had once held. She had giggled to see him last, touching his face and saying his name for the first time. "You got big," he said, almost saying sweetheart but he didn't want to frighten her.
John grinned with pleasure at having pulled the yelp from Sherlock. He nipped at Sherlock's ear, wrapping an arm around his chest to hold them close. He pounded into Sherlock, knowing he was hitting his prostate on nearly every thrust. Sherlock shook beneath him, making small submissive sounds that John's Alpha reacted to, reaching under him and slowly stroking his length. John pressed his forehead between Sherlock's shoulder blades, feeling his knot swelling already.
Sherlock jumped a little, moving his hand from his stomach and flushing the toilet. He stood up, pulling the door open. "Yes," he said, reaching over across the room to wash his hands. "I'm fine," he said.
Sherlock's ears warmed a little, touching the tattoo. "This is why I tend to take everything so literally...I can't pick up on sarcasm or metaphors," he said with a sigh. "It's hot." he said with a small smile. "And it would go over well, but really...I've always felt more yours than you felt mine," he said quietly.
Sherlock let out a breath. "It'll be a little easier next time," he said quietly. "Just like for me... it'll be easier," he murmured.
Mindy sniffed, ashamed that she was crying, but she figured that she had damned good reason. "No," she said, pulling back and cupping his cheek. "No, it's not okay." She stepped back inside, holding the door for them. As soon as they were all in, she gave Sherlock and Kat each a hug and then gestured them towards the living room. "Harry's in there. Kettle just boiled, so I'm going to go fetch that," she said, walking off towards the kitchen.
Sherlock flinched a little, cradling the watch in his lap and cupping his hands around it. He nodded. "I don't think... I never said you were a weakness... or in the way," he said quietly.
John made a small sound of relief, running his hands over Sherlock's body, trying to still his slightly quaking form as he kissed him back. "Where did you go?" he asked quietly, kissing across Sherlock's jaw and then back to his lips.
John ran his hand through his hair, ruffling it a little before he got started, fitting the pieces together the way he remembered them going. It was nearly like muscle memory, though not quite. He smiled when Sherlock came back in with the other pieces, taking them from him and putting them together with the rest. By the time he was done, he was ready to sleep again, wanting to just be curled up tight with his Omega. "Bed, now," John commanded, grabbing Sherlock's hand and pulling him to the bed.
He paused over the threshold and smiled down at Sherlock and Katherine. He held his finger up to his lips for Katherine to keep quiet as he slowly took off his jacket, then moved to settle into his chair.
Sherlock hummed, tucking her in. "Papa's already gone to bed, you'll just have to tell him good morning twice tomorrow I should think," he said, kissing her forehead. "I'll tell him goodnight for you," he murmured, carrying Hamish downstairs after bidding her goodnight. He rocked Hamish, setting him into his bassinet. "Katherine says goodnight," he said to John, crawling into bed with him after stripping down to his pants and curling around John.
Sherlock sighed. "When you get back... yes," he murmured drowsily, already falling asleep again.
John let out a shaky breath. "I'm not going to. I didn't try to last time, either," he murmured quietly, closing his eyes. He sighed, pushing to his feet. He ran his finger through Kat's hair and then through Sherlock's. "I'm going to take a shower," he said quietly, walking into the bathroom and closing the door softly behind him.
The cabbie watched him closely, and soon seemed confused.
Sherlock dropped his coat as soon as he was in the living room, fingers fumbling with the buttons on his shirt as he stumbled down to the bathroom. He was still in his trousers when he dumped himself into the tub, legs hanging over the edge as he toed off his shoes, reaching over and turning the shower on cold, the water landing on him and soaking his hair, torso, and trousers.
for the first time in his life, it had gone away and it was.... indescribable. He lay there boneless, John atop him; neither of them would be able to move for a bit. He swallowed, still trying to catch his breath, eyes still closed.
John bit his lip and looked away, taking a deep breath before he held out his hand towards Sherlock. He still couldn't look, couldn't lift his eyes to Sherlock's, but he had seen the hesitancy in Sherlock's step, had seen the uncertainty and the fright in his eyes. He was an Alpha--he was Sherlock's Alpha--and he had to make that better, even if it felt like he was stabbing himself in the chest when he did it.
John had to fight down his instincts to help, sitting still as Sherlock left the room. He sighed, wondering if it had been the best idea to tell the young Omega about his brother. Frustrated, he felt like throwing something but didn't, instead shoving off of the bed and walking into the kitchen with their soup bowls and the pot of iced tea, the former of which were placed in the sink, the latter in the fridge.
Sherlock felt his chest tighten as John spoke, feeling more and more terrible for him, holding his hand tightly. He pressed closer to John, trying to be sturdy for him like he was for Sherlock.
"John?" Mindy tilted her head, jumping to her feet to face her son.
It was easy now, his shakiness could be attributed to the flashback he'd had, and it was. But it was also due in part to what he knew he had to do... and he knew that was the most likely outcome. Best to control it the best he could. "Always," he breathed, as he often did.
"I want them, yes," John agreed, nodding slightly. "But," he added, running his fingers over Sherlock's lips, "I don't want to rush anything. I'm still having nightmares. I'm probably suffering from PTSD, so I could probably snap and think I'm back in the desert while I'm
Sherlock rolled over slowly, not wanting to jostle John. "It's okay... couldn't help it," he said quietly, looking at him. "It's fine, though, now... it's all fine," he said, suddenly recalling exactly where he'd put John's gun.
Sherlock recoiled a fraction, then took another bite of his sandwich. "It's an experiment. I didn't see you question me lighting my shirt on fire, so long's as I replaced it. I get bored," he said. "Now put those back, they have to stay cold."
John wiped at his eyes, smiling until he thought of something sobering. "And what if my only fear ever is losing you?" he asked quietly, staring down at the pavement as they walked towards the cafe.
John cleared his throat. "Shoes first, I think?" he asked his old friend politely, and the Alpha immediately nodded, leading them off to the back of the store and gesturing at an entire wall of men's shoes. John glanced over at Sherlock, nodding him forward.
"Maybe it's not a good idea... maybe we should take her with or... or not go at all," he said quietly.
Sherlock sighed. What was the point of one's brother being the British government if he couldn't even catch one man?
"Presumed dead, not actually so. Nothing to deduce," Sherlock said, not mentioning what happened in the lab, not sure where that had come from. He tucked that away, running his left hand over his bandaged up right one.
Posting early for you all. Enjoy! <3
Sherlock pulled open the cupboard and smiled, pulling off his shirt and dropping it on the floor. He glanced over his shoulder at John, then reached in and grabbed his purple shirt, identical to the one he had burned up. He pulled it on, buttoning it slowly before dropping his pyjama bottoms and sliding into a pair of trousers.
Sherlock hardly noticed that he was leaning into John's hand a little, his eyes already pulling shut. He licked his lips a little before blinking his eyes open.
They turned down an alley and started away in a seemingly random direction. "Her case, she
Sherlock cried out again as John swelled up, feeling his teeth sink into his neck. He gasped, coming finally and seeing white. He went limp, trembling as he let out a breath. He hummed a little. "Th-thank you... Thank... oh god, John... my John," he said, feeling an iron cord form that tugged tightly: their bond. It was back again, fixed, made better.
"No," John said firmly, shaking his head and holding Katherine a little tighter, more comforting. "No, you are going to take care of our pups. This is my business; this is what I do. I am not going to have you getting hurt over this." The metal of his gun burned cold fire against the small of his back, and he couldn't wait to use it, couldn't wait to pull them all apart for what they did to him and his mother, and especially to his daughter.
“Our friend here has been dead for…I would say a week,” he said, sniffing once and wrinkling his nose. “Obviously void of blood.”
"No, baby, never," John whispered, kissing her forehead and combing through her hair. "You had your bear with you, didn't you? Means that one of us is home, yeah?" he whispered, stroking her cheek lightly. "You're alright, Katty, I promise. Everything's going to be alright."
. After casting a glare at his reflection in the mirror, he left the bathroom and retook his seat across from Sherlock.
"Only if you keep eating," Sherlock suddenly countered. "Twice a day at least, or I will just take it," he said, knowing he didn't want to take it, and that he wasn't being fair to either of them. Sherlock didn't like not being able to smell John's scent... everyone else's he could do without, but John's... still, he would sacrifice that if it meant John got better.
John counted to twenty before he called out that he was coming to get her. He knew her tricks by now, knew that she was most likely still on the main level. "Hmm, I wonder where she could be," he mused, purposefully loud so that Katherine could hear him. He walked loudly up the stairs, creeping back down much like he knew she had, and quickly searched for her. "Found you!" he said, pouncing on her in the bathtub and tickling her.
John looked over at Sherlock, a bit surprised he had said that. "Look who's getting all sentimental." He wasn't teasing, and he leant forward, kissing Sherlock fully. "Much better than a saint," he agreed with a smile, leaning back against the cushions and eating more of his food.
Sherlock settled back onto the bed, which was one that easily broke apart to turn into a chair for birthing. He knew he'd get moved to a real bed eventually but for now, this. His shirt was pulled off and monitors put both on his chest and on his belly. He looked over at the screens, seeing another one with a faster heartbeat on it, one that being printed out as the readings came. Katherine. He slowly pulled on the gown, trying to shrug off his trousers and then his pants, both catching around his ankles.
John laughed again, lifting his hand for a cab, sighing as two drove by and he had to try again. "Well I can tell you that it has nothing to do with sentiment. It's purely... selfish..." He didn't want to say too much unless he gave it away. To be honest, he was slightly embarrassed about it, and that said a lot. He didn't get embarrassed easily. But this was personal, and he didn't deal well with his own personal things. "You're hint is that it has to do with something for you to wear... but it's not clothing. And I'm not giving you another hint."
"Mm no I wouldn't," Sherlock mumbled, a soft snore escaping him almost instantly after saying it.
Sherlock sat up slowly, tugging the needle out of his hand. He felt a bandage on each arm – so they'd tried there first, of course they wouldn't find any good veins, they were all shot to hell. He glanced over at John again.
Sherlock
"I'll take care of them, you go to him," he said. Katherine didn't want to be left, but Sherlock told her that she would be safe with her Uncle Greg, and that he was going to go see Papa, and that the bad man was gone now.
"It looks brown," Sherlock murmured, laying John's legs over his lap and settling back into the sofa. He rubbed John's legs absentmindedly, glancing over at his violin case in the corner, knowing he couldn't play, it would wake Hamish. He hadn't played since before he was born, in fact he wasn't sure how long it had been, had he even picked it up after John had left? He shook himself of the thoughts, looking over at John, who was looking at their son. "I'm going to be there for his first birthday, and every one after that, and so are you," he reminded John. They both had missed birthdays, and that was going to be remedied.
John gritted his teeth again, standing from the bed. "Hopefully this is the last one," he said as he departed for the bathroom.
"Can't say you're sorry?" she asked.
Sherlock woke up to a light knock at the door and dragged his eyes open slowly. He felt an arm draped over him and looked over his shoulder to see John wedged behind him, asleep.
John reached between them, slowly pushing a finger inside of Sherlock, slowly thrusting it into him. His other hand wound into Sherlock's hair, tugging his head down and locking their lips together. He slid a second finger into Sherlock, a little admirable at how wet he was already.
Sherlock shouted when he felt the pain in his neck, his eyes snapping open and letting go of what he was holding onto. He fell out of the bed, sitting bolt upright, his heart pounding out of his chest when he looked around the hospital room, as if not recognising where he was.
Sherlock shook his head. "Nothing. Sentiment and such. Telling me it wasn't my fault," he murmured quietly. "And that everything's going to be fine," he said, sighing softly.
Sherlock closed his eyes. "I was arguing with my father," he said quietly. "They wanted to switch my schools, send me to some special private one for Omegas." He shook his head lightly. "It was in France, and I didn't want to go. I was lined up for Oxford, but because I wasn't of age, my parents would have the final say. Dad was driving; we were on our way to some stupid charity event for his work. I was yelling at him, he turned around to say something to me, and we hit a bit of ice, just enough to make the car drift from him not paying attention."
Sherlock wandered out into the living room right after John and Katherine, seeing her already sitting in front of the doll house, exploring the rooms inside of it. He smiled, reaching down and scooping up his present for John, as well as the jumper that was from Santa.
"It's hard to tell, physically he seems fine though." he said quietly, sipping his tea. He let out a breath at John’s question, looking down at his tea. "I figured if you wanted to discuss it, then you would bring it up. I don't want to upset you," he said softly. "I've been with you long enough; I do have some sense of people skills.”
John leant over and kissed Sherlock's temple, then scooped Katherine up into his arms and kissed her cheek. "Two hours until bedtime, Katty girl," he told her. "Your choice of how you want to spend it."
Sherlock looked down at the wrapper on his lap. "I don't do it because I
Sherlock paused in the doorway. "I like to think out loud and... well, you wanted to come. It's just a five minute walk," he said, looking away. "Admittedly you don't
As soon as John showed up at the hospital, he was pushed towards the operation observatory room, his instructor standing behind him as John assessed the scene and quickly scribbled down what he would have done if he were the surgeon.
Sherlock felt a painful twist in his chest but stayed silent, curling in close to John. He wouldn't cry, he wouldn't dare do that to John. No...he would cry later, in the shower, away from where Kat will ever know he was sad. "I love you...my John, always. And...it's going to be okay. It will be, you just take care of yourself. And I'll take care of everything else," He said quietly, nuzzling into John's neck. He'd already packed one of Sherlock's scarves, and one of Katherine's doll shirts from the one she carried all the time. Spraying them with the solution Mindy gave him. He'd also sprayed John's pillow and a couple jumpers.
"Well it's obviously not contagious. If you had got it from the hospital then I would have had it as well," Sherlock said with a shrug. It was that simple. "Just bad duck... like you said," he murmured, looking down at John's hand on his stomach. He let out a breath. "That's something... that's going to be something we can hold..." he said quietly, trying to picture that, though it was difficult.
"Don't, John," the Major told him. "Don't call me that."
I am sorry about the three, I know you did everything you could. And you remember that you did...don't carry that weight again, please. Just remember, that their chances, everyone's chances are higher with you there, and they definitely would not have made it it you hadn't helped. I love you. Been feeling a bit under the weather, Katherine gave me her cold I think. Mindy said something about going to the country or something on a holiday and I sent Katherine along with her, Harry, and Clara. All three of them send their love. I'm getting close to the first trimester ending, I look forward to that...I'll be less nervous I think.
you to do it all."
"I don't like hurting people, Sherlock. Least of all you. I shouldn't be here. I should be on the other side of the city." He let out a long breath, closing his eyes and folding his arms as well as he could across his chest.
hungry. Probably a reaction to the surgery," he mumbled quietly, looking down still, propped up against the headboard.
Sherlock looked at the pill in his palm and popped it in his mouth, swallowing it with the smallest sip of tea he could manage. The cool liquid felt amazing on his throat, though, and he took a few more sips from it, sighing softly.
Sherlock felt like everything around him froze when he saw the little plus sign on the stick. Plus, as in positive, which was supposed to be good, right?
Katherine's face lit up the moment when Molly came in. "Aunt Molly!" she said, holding up the picture. "Drew picture for Papa," she said proudly, drinking up the praise she got for it and wanting more. "I'm good. Was sick, feeling better. Papa's sick though," she said.
Mindy reached up and combed through Sherlock's hair, trying to tame some of his curls. "Yes you do. You have me, and you'll always have me." She gave him a warm smile, meaning her words with everything that she had. "Of course I'll be there," she said, taking Kat's hand and playing with her fingers while she looked levelly at Sherlock.
Sherlock sighed. "Tedious..." he muttered, still smiling a small bit as well. He pushed himself up a little, John's tags hanging from his neck and brushing across the man's chest as he rolled off of him. "Alright... may as well just get it over with," he murmured, tangling his fingers with John's for a moment and giving them a slight squeeze.
John jumped awake, running into the bathroom and throwing up the small amount of food in his stomach. His left hand was shaking severely, and he pressed it to the floor in an effort to stop it.
Sherlock leant against John, shutting his eyes in response to being close to his scent, relaxing again. "Well since caloric intake is the goal, why not Angelo's again? Pasta and all those carbohydrates or whatever it is I need." He blinked a couple times. "That doctor never said anything about prenatal medication. Do I have to take them?" he asked. Wasn't that better for the pup?
"This came in the mail for you today," Mycroft said, handing the official British Army envelope over to Sherlock. "Apparently you were listed as his first contact, as he didn't have any contact information for his family."
Sherlock hummed, nodding a little as he huffed out a small breath. His shoulder ached a little at the pinning, but it was barely anything, and it... god, it almost felt good. He shifted a little under John, lifting his hips a bit to lean up into him. "Yes..." Sherlock breathed.
He smiled, handing one of the mugs to his mum and then walking over to sit down beside Sherlock, handing him his mug and then taking a sip of his own. "Katherine, where are your manners?" he asked, arching an eyebrow as she grabbed a present and was about to tear into it.
Sherlock looked towards the living room, knowing he needed to get dressed today for sure – the timing was right, there was bound to be another one.
"I... I don't know," Sherlock said quietly. "I don't feel okay sometimes... what we did just before that... was perfect save for going to that place," he said quietly. He relaxed a little when John drank some of his tea; it was done then. Two minutes max. "Just another riddle," he said quietly. "One of the messages was, anyway... the call was, wrong number," he said quietly. He swallowed, leaning over and pressing a kiss to John's cheek. "I love you."
John limped into the kitchen, turning on the kettle and reaching into the cupboard for a teabag, which, thankfully, seemed to be fully stocked. When the water boiled, he poured some over the tea, letting it steep before making his way into the living room, sitting down heavily in his chair.
John eyed Sherlock when he walked in, shaking his head when he offered to help. "I've got it covered. Nearly done now, anyway," he said with a small smile, going back to focusing on the food. He knew it was early, stupidly early, to be having a shot of whiskey, but Jesus, he needed it. He dished up the first two crepes onto plates before starting on another two. "I should call Harry today. Ask on Mum," he said, switching the topic of an unspoken conversation.
John swore to himself, not wanting to do this, but he had threatened, and he had to follow through. He bit down hard on Sherlock's neck, catching his windpipe with his lower jaw and pushing it back, causing his mate to lose a bit of his breath. He tasted blood, and Sherlock tried to pull away again. John pinned him with his thighs and knees, pushing him down into the sofa until he was completely on top, and Sherlock's muscles were slowly relaxing in his fight for air. He pulled Misha against his chest and jumped away from Sherlock, cradling his son against his chest as he licked the small bit of blood from his mouth. With a long suffering sigh, he took his son downstairs, said goodbye to Kat, and then returned to his mate in the living room.
John smiled weakly down at the much shorter woman, leaning into the hand she placed on his cheek.
"Shopping first?" John offered, tugging at the hem of the long-sleeved t-shirt. "A hair cut if you want it; I don't know how you usually do your hair." He shrugged sheepishly. "Unless you just want to go to the Yard and come immediately back."
Sherlock looked down, then nodded a little. Of course John would be a large supporter of hospitals – he was a doctor. That was like a priest refusing to step foot in a church.
The night also offered him better opportunity for something interesting to happen, or to at least get a good meal, as he had tonight. Criminals and lowlifes rarely did their dealings in the day time, save for the occasional bank robber, but he didn’t interfere with those. Far too much surveillance, and not the kind his brother owned.
“She’s your mother John, I’m sure she’d be happier about seeing you there than me,” Sherlock murmured quietly. “But I’ll go, yes. She’ll want to see the pups, know they’re okay,” he murmured, looking down at Hamish who had moved to gum just the side of his hand rather than his whole fist.
Sherlock pulled his hand away quickly, not meeting John's gaze. "There's nothing to brush off!" he quipped, taking a step back. He shook his head, letting out a breath. “I'm going to NSY for a case, demand one from Lestrade; lunch is half cooked," he said quickly, stepping to the side and moving into the living room, quickly tugging on his coat. He didn't know why he felt so flighty, and defensive about it. If anyone should know, it was John.
After five months he got to the point where he didn't want to ask Sherlock, and even when he started to wonder when and where he would find the next one.
He let out a breath again, whatever was in the painkiller working quickly. He swallowed, starting to doze off and falling asleep rather quickly.
Sherlock crossed the room, making a beeline for the sofa and sitting down next to John, curling his legs up to this side and leaning against him, trying to keep his face neutral. "Hello Harriet," he murmured, casting a small smile towards her.
"I know," John breathed, choking a little as he fought back a sob. He cleared his throat, nuzzling against Sherlock's neck and breathing deeply. "How are you feeling? As far as your heat, I mean?" he asked, leaving his wrist in Sherlock's hand.
John reached out, gently combing his fingers through the boy’s errant curls, soothing his fingers down his neck and to his shoulders. “You’re alright. I promise, you’re alright.”
John let them lay there until he knew there was no choice; they had to go or he would miss his flight. "Sherlock," he whispered, nudging his shoulder gently. "Love, we need to go." He regretted having to say the words, but they needed to be spoken. "I can't miss my flight."
Sherlock felt warm, almost like on the edge of a heat, but not quite there yet, as if the compound stunted the inducer. He supposed that was a good thing, though he almost felt like he had a flu. The inducer was harmless, though, so was the sedative he supposed; the pill that was being brought slowly to his mouth, however, was another story.
Yes well I'm thanking you anyway, so sue me," Sherlock muttered, crossing the room to drape a blanket over John. "I'm working on a sample now, like you asked me," he said quietly, gently rubbing John's shoulder and perching on the armrest. "I have to go to Bart's to have anything definitive. I can figure it out though... hopefully before you feel you need more. Then I can... can know if it's a good idea. Or find something else you can take that will make the want go away, but won't trigger your PTSD. Then we can wean you off that," he said quietly.
"I uhm..." John sighed, rubbing his eyes. "I got shot." He blinked, and everything tumbled out, describing the whole experience in as detailed a way as he could with the oath he was under. He leant heavier against Sherlock as he spoke, squeezing his hand.
The laws were different now from the nearly five years since John saved him and Mycroft cracked down more on Omega auction houses. It had been more of a radical change, Omegas no longer owned like slaves. There was abuse still, but the belt was tightening, and they could no longer be sold. There were still places that some chose to send their children when they presented, but they were treated well. Some are better than others, in what classes they offer, etc., and they have freedom to go out.
. Sherlock felt like a flame, like his skin was a literal flame being held against John, but he didn't care. He just held on tighter. "I don't care. A cold bath is just going to make it worse," he said, though in all honesty, he didn't really know. Basic medical knowledge was just telling him to keep Sherlock away from cold water.
Sherlock rubbed his arm, pacing a small bit as John changed the bed. He reached down and touched his stomach lightly, quickly moving his hand and looking up when John spoke. He looked over at John then nodded, pulling off the robe and climbing into the bed, curling up. "It's not too late you know," he said softly. "I could...run to a store and get some, if you wanted," he mumbled.
"Even if I didn't want to--which I do--Kat wants to get you something, so you're screwed. And I'll tell you right now, your first two gifts are her idea, and the third is mine," John said, combing his fingers through Sherlock's curls and kissing him softly. "I think you'll manage with a few more things."
"Why... why were you even there?" Sherlock asked, his eyes trying to pull shut again.
Sherlock sighed a little, bending down to sit John up. "Come on, I'm not allowed to lift much. Up you get," he said, leading John back to the bedroom when he complied.
John sighed, drying off and walking into the bedroom. "You need to eat something," John said quietly, pulling on some pants and a pair of jeans. "Or I won't." He knew it was low, but Sherlock had done the same to him once, so it didn't make him feel as bad.
"Already saw that," she said. "Watch Papa fix it," she stated, still looking at Sherlock. He let out a breath – already talking so much... and he'd missed it.
John felt a pang of guilt rip through him, but he didn't let it show. He held Sherlock closer, rocking him slowly and whispering to him about nothing. "It's alright. You're alright," he murmured, kissing his temple and down to his jaw. "You told me now, right? We can get through this like we always do."
John pushed out a laugh, wrapping his arms tighter around Sherlock and nodding against his shoulder. "Alright," he murmured. "Alright, I can live with that." He ran his fingers over Sherlock's back, nuzzling into his shoulder before slowly pulling away. "Come on," he said quietly, wiping at his eyes, "you need to change and I need to get dressed."
John felt just a pang of guilt as he inserted the medicine quickly and she swallowed it, fussing at the horrible taste. She quieted down when Sherlock started feeding her, though, and John gave a small sigh of relief. She could get better now. He walked over to the sofa, lying down on it and pillowing his head on his arms, just watching Sherlock with their daughter.
Katherine sniffed again, "Daddy's sad," she said quietly. "Like Papa was sad a'fore," she murmured. She didn't like Papa going away, and she missed him, and he would miss her birthday, their birthday. Papa always called her his birthday present. She furrowed her brow a little, looking up at John. "Where's the baby at?" she asked, "My brother or sister...where are they? Gonna get here a'fore you go?"
Katherine wailed again, drinking down the water and spitting into the toilet. "T-took medicine!" she whined, coughing a little and staying curled up on John's lap.
He held John close, still murmuring quiet soothing words, trying to bring John back. "John please... please come back to me," he begged, not understanding how John could have gotten so worse.
He took his time scrubbing it into Sherlock's hair, massaging the tips of his fingers against his temples and lightly running them over his scalp before he withdrew. "Alright, you can rinse."
Today is a more special Sunday. I'm (Khansfringe) is flying out to meet Constellationqueen today! We've been writing for more than a year long distance and now we're finally meeting up. :)
John's eyes were wide, kind, and encouraging. He smiled, stroking his fingers over Sherlock's cheek. "So what? It's not like our kids are going to know the difference or care. And they won't be allowed in the kitchen until they're at least five, when they know better that to grab anything shiny and interesting."
Sherlock sighed; good, home. He wanted to go home. Though he'd be going home in pyjamas, because that's what he'd come in.
"It's alright," John finally managed, turning to kiss Sherlock's temple. "It's fine, love. You did your best. I wasn't expecting you to find any of them, so thank you. Thank you so much," he murmured, brushing Sherlock's hair back from his temple. "I should stop by their houses and... well... catch up."
"Mm, yes, that'll work," John murmured, closing his eyes with his head resting against the wall behind him. "Don't let me... slide under the water," he requested, humming quietly.
Mycroft looked down at Sherlock. "Brother?" he asked softly.
Sherlock smiled softly. "Erm... eggs. But I can try and make them," he said, opening up the fridge and pulling them out. He'd gotten a bit better in doing so, the whole... cooking thing. He’d never told John, but him burning that purple shirt the first time wasn't an experiment. Well it was, only he'd been trying to cook at the time.
----------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock stiffened, his thoughts slamming to a halt as he tried to rationalise it. That wasn't possible. John was gone, dead. Mycroft would have told him.
"Daddy!" Katherine ran over to him and Sherlock wrapped his arms around her, picking her up off the floor. "Katty! Oh my beautiful, wonderful, intelligent girl...God I missed you." he said, clutching onto her tightly. "Gran said you were sick...you better Daddy?" she asked quietly, pulling away to look at him. He gave her a small smile.
look like the killer?" He sighed, stepping forward and ignoring Sherlock's attempt at another conversation. "You may as well get it over with. I have snipers situated around your family and friends right now. And the only way for them to not shoot is if you jump."
Sherlock smiled. "Well the bit about how the time on the watch had been changed was easy; the only other information on the watch available was the engraving. The engraving, and the watch itself had been custom made for my father by my mother when they got married. The shop that did it is long out of business, so I sent a text to my brother to investigate the address, telling him that it involved the bomber, who we can only assume at this point is Moriarty and that Alpha of his. I would have checked myself but my cycle started. As for the shop, it was converted and the address now houses a medical clinic which runs later hours and still would have been open with patients and doctors at 5:30," he said, taking a breath. "Presumably my brother sent men there to ascertain if there was an issue and a bomb was in fact retrieved that would have gone off," he finished.
Sherlock huffed. "Fine," he said curtly. "Not a big deal," he said, looking at the ground. Other than the fact that when John's last birthday had rolled around, John had been dying, and Sherlock hadn't known if he was alive.
Sherlock sighed, sitting down in his chair only to leap up after a minute to pace.
John looked down at the bottle carefully, before pulling out a couple capsules and swallowing them, draining the entire glass of water. “Mm…thanks,” he hummed, looking at the man, who had sat next to the bed, his eyes still glued on him. He shifted a little in the bed, not sure what the man was looking at.
John turned his head to nip at Sherlock's fingers. He tipped his head back, arching his neck and letting out a low, heady moan, enthralled by what they were doing. Working together this time, Sherlock on top but John still technically in control and Sherlock still trumping it all by
John growled against Sherlock's lips, rolling them over and pinning him against the mattress. "I am coming back," he said, pulling back. "And you are not going to die if I do. I don't give a damned about anything else. If I die, I want to be cremated, and I want you to watch after our damned kids."
It didn’t take long for the two of them, as well as several of Mycroft’s affiliates from the council had infiltrated the warehouse under the guise of prospective buyers. There were only a handful of vampires running the slave house, which was all that was needed. Humans could hardly defend themselves, or escape.
“Remember what?” John asked. It had to be wrong, because he somewhat remembered the mugger, the knife. But he must have dreamed the rest because he’d taken a knife to his abdomen. It had felt real though, far too real.
I love you,
"I know," she said with a small smug grin. Katherine squealed a little as John poked her side, which was very ticklish. She smiled and nodded, opening up the book for him to read. She didn't care that she could read it herself, she liked Papa reading it to her. She made him read it twice, the second time she read in unison with him, touching each word.
Sherlock – skin. "I love you, and you're mine. You're mine. Always," he murmured, tracing his fingers along Sherlock's cheekbone before settling it on his chest.
Christmas was tomorrow, and, Christ, it had been a chore buying all of Katherine's presents without her instantly trying to seek them out. She was excited, and that made John excited. This would be the first Christmas that they would have together as a family, and he was a bit nervous about what Sherlock would think of his present.
John wrapped his arms loosely around Sherlock's chest, holding his hands flat against his sternum. "I'm not perfect, Sherlock. Not by a long shot. But, I don't know… around you I try to be."
Sherlock nodded. “That’s right Katty. Just a little while longer,” he said as he looked at Hamish. “We’ll have to take care of those manners, that way you have a nice little demeanour to show your Gran when she gets better.”
Tell me about your dream. No hidden details, remember?
John undid the restraints on Sherlock's hands, quickly grabbing his wrists and pinning them above his head, tying him to the headboard.
John hummed happily when Sherlock pressed against his back, able to feel the small baby bump against his lower spine. "God, I love you too," he whispered, settling down and relaxing back against him, on the verge of sleep again.
John jumped out of the black car as soon as they reached his flat, but he didn't make it terribly far before he started swaying. He saw a figure come out from the alley and he froze, holding his breath as he waited.
. Not at all a light sleeper like her two fathers; Sherlock wasn't quite sure where she got it from.
John pressed a lingering kiss to Sherlock's temple. "I'm glad you like her. I thought you might, but I didn't want to say anything before we got there."
"He's hurt really bad, Katty girl," John called over his shoulder, setting Sherlock on the bed and taking his shirt off of him. "Could you grab Papa his med kit, love?" he asked, having already taught Katty where it was. "Jesus, Sherlock, what the hell have you been doing?"
Sherlock looked over at John, his hand having moved to his stomach again. He still couldn't feel anything on the outside. "I can...
Murray had been reassigned two weeks ago, right after John's shoulder had officially healed. It was mid-August now, apparently. Not even a year, and yet it felt like a lifetime.
"You can trust me, now. I'm a doctor. Well," John corrected, "I'm training to be a doctor." He reached for the glass of milk, setting the lip of the cup against the Omega’s lips. "Start with a drink of this," John instructed.
After our editing hiatus we are going to post each section in bulk rather than weekly chapters. You'll get it all at once. Sort of like Orange is the New Black, but with less prison and less than a year wait between sections. This was the only solution that works with our schedules that wasn't not posting all together.
John came back into the bathroom, smiling softly to himself and lifting Sherlock back up, carrying him to the freshly made bed. He set Sherlock down gently, crawling in after him and pulling the blanket up around the both of them. "Go to sleep, love. We can eat when you wake up," he murmured, holding Sherlock close against his chest.
“About the room upstairs in my flat. I’d give you a good price for it. I’ve had a decent amount of time to amass some funds and I’m getting a good price for the flat to begin with so it’s within your price range.” Sherlock owned the building, technically. Not that his landlady knew that. She figured she was just subleasing it. Which she had been, but Sherlock had lived in that flat for quite a long while. Granted it had changed some, what with damage to it during the war, but something about the spot had seemed comfortable to him. After all, it was where he…they, had lived. Even when he travelled once more and the building was leased out to others, he was watchful of the property, lest someone bring it to harm.
Katherine sniffled once, humming a small bit. She didn't say anything for a couple minutes, until she finally let out a small breath, mumbling quietly, her words indistinguishable. She fiddled with the fabric of her Papa's shirt, then smoothed it down, petting it softly as she shrugged a fraction.
John nudged Sherlock with his elbow. "It'll be alright," he assured, closing his eyes for a moment.
Sherlock's brow furrowed a small bit, though he didn't start to come to for another half hour. He hummed, rolling onto his right side and pulling his eyes open. He blinked, seeing John there, his hand wrapped around Sherlock's. Sherlock gave his hand a small squeeze, not meeting John's gaze when the man looked up. "It's gone, isn't it?" he asked after a minute.
," he begged in a small voice, trying to pull away. "S'hot... s'too hot." He tried to pull John's arm off him, starting to get a little more insistent.
John swallowed, ducking his head. "I got a letter from him yesterday. I don't think I was exactly meant to get it, though. He didn't say anything specific... but, he mentioned hating people and preferring to be alone. And, if I recall, something about an overdose."
"Night 'afore Christmas!" she exclaimed, sliding off Sherlock's lap and scurrying over to the coffee table to pick up the book, jumping up into Sherlock's lap again, and looking up at her Papa. In her lap sat the copy of
"Thankfully, we'll be taking a cab," Sherlock said with a small smirk as he snatched his coat up from the footboard of the bed. "Come along," he said, tugging gently on John’s right arm before heading down the steps. He left the flat, hailing a cab and waiting for John to make it downstairs, sliding into the cab after he did.
John's intended hum came out more like a growl of possession, and he spun them around, backing Sherlock up until he was sitting on the bed. He stepped back, quickly stripping himself down and moving back into Sherlock's space. He lifted him up effortlessly, moving him gently back onto the bed and pushing his shoulders down, hovering over him.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder, and waved Katherine over. She quickly climbed up on the bed and he rolled over after scooping her up with one arm and sandwiching her between them. He let out a breath, kissing her head. "Of course you can," he murmured softly, looking up at John. "No front lines?" he asked quietly, looking at John.
access; I gave myself it," he said with a small smile.
It didn't take long before Mycroft found him, of course, contacting him. He promised to take care of John and Katherine. He told Sherlock that John had quit his job, but Sherlock knew that Mycroft would see to it that John's account always had enough in it. They would want for nothing...
"It's put away..." Sherlock said quietly. "It's close," he murmured. "Besides, you couldn't clean your teeth right now, let alone a firearm," he said quietly. "Just sleep John, it'll be fine," he murmured.
took a bondmate. You? I thought you'd never do that, said it would take time from your position that you were working so hard for, and yet you seem to have found one easily enough," he said, looking at the DI again, who reddened a little.
Oh, Sherlock. I'm so sorry, love. I know you've got to be due soon, and I'm missing it, I'm missing all of it, and I don't think I'm making it home. Sherlock, please. Take care of the kids. Forgive me.
John's resolve finally broke, his Alpha instincts taking over. He pulled the blankets back and crawled underneath them, rolling onto his side and spooning up behind Sherlock. He wrapped his arms around his waist, conscious of his injuries and where not to touch him, and pressed his hand against the Omega's chest, holding him back against John. He pressed gentle kisses to the back of Sherlock's neck, humming soothingly, his body unconsciously producing pheromones aimed at calming the distressed Omega.
John nodded, setting his hands on Sherlock's hips and kissing him back. "About bloody time, too," he whispered, smiling up at Sherlock and then over to Katherine. He rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder, closing his eyes for a moment. "You seem awake. Mind if I sleep?" he asked, pulling back to look up at Sherlock.
"I don't like being on the other side of things, and she was wrong!" Sherlock said, a little defensive thinking about it. Because really... she wasn't wrong, and that's something Sherlock didn't like to face.
Sherlock settled onto the bed facing John after he'd taken the tray. "Well one has to hone such skills with two small children" he said, settling Hamish between his legs, the infant almost sitting up by himself, having Sherlock's thighs to support him, and his lower abdomen should he fall back. He played with Hamish's feet while John started to spread some of the jam on his toast. "Katherine's going to start violin lessons for her fifth birthday." he told John, smiling at the look on Katherine's face.
"Yes...John, naughty...please..." he begged, rolling his hips forward a bit. "Punish me then
bed," he said.
Sherlock rested back against John, closing his eyes as his head calmed a little. He hummed, feeling John's tongue on his new mark, the old tether to Victor decimated. He swallowed. "Mm love you," he murmured quietly.
"I'm perfectly fine I just... family interaction is not something I've been around a lot recently... and with my own before, well, it was different," Sherlock said, not mentioning that purely social interaction was something he didn't really know how to do, either.
John turned around obediently, keeping Sherlock beside him as he stirred the stew until it was well heated. "Get some dishes, love?" he asked, looking over his shoulder and watching as Sherlock moved away, grabbed two bowls, and then returned.
“Hmm,” Sherlock hummed again, not able to work his eyes open.
He didn't do anything for two days, just thinking, and trying not to think, eating nothing but some stale cake leftover from the one Mrs Hudson had made for him. Sherlock had tried cutting back on cigarettes, but if anything he needed them more after that day.
The trail continued, though; after each man fell, information on another popped up and he pursued them, one after another until that was the only thing he could think about, and he lost track of time.
He gently took John's arm and pressed a kiss to his inner arm, expertly inserting the needle and injecting John. He pulled it out and rubbed his arm gently. "There we go..." he whispered. ”You sleep now, my John," he murmured, pressing a kiss to his forehead and cuddling close to him.
John had stopped crying a while ago, just focusing on Sherlock's hand in his. He returned the pressure when Sherlock squeezed his hand, looking up at him. "One of them," he murmured. "You had twins, fraternal. Miscarried, but, we've still got one," he whispered, reaching up to cup Sherlock's cheek.
“Answer the question,” Sherlock said, stepping a bit closer, the scent of the man’s blood drawing him closer, though Sherlock had long ago controlled his thirst.
Sherlock shrugged lightly. "Just dropping off a head," he said. "It was in the fridge, and I figured you wouldn't like it there," he said quietly, looking up at him. "Just an experiment.".
"What was it?" Sherlock asked, though he had a very good, and, what he hoped for once, was a very wrong idea.
Sorry I haven't been replying, love. It's been hell over here. There have been gunfights and street fights all over the place, and I've been treating so many people that I'm losing count. I've lost twenty-six now, and they just keep coming. Some of them I know, some of them are brand new, fresh off the planes. When I wake in the mornings, I often forget which way is up and which is down. Coffee doesn't help. I started drinking again. Sorry. I'm trying, Sherlock, really, I am.
Harry stayed away from Sherlock as soon as he went for the pups, knowing how stupid it would be to get between an Omega and their children. She walked up to John instead, smelling the heavy wall of Alpha pheromones around him and standing a few feet back in order to avoid it. "As far as I know, she's still in surgery," she explained quietly, folding her arms. "I don't know exactly what happened, but from what I can get from Katherine, they were at Mum's, and they were all sitting in the living room, playing a game or something, I imagine, when the door busted down and this mass of a man came in. He lifted a gun, and Mum, of course, stood up and got in the way, and then she ran at the man, chasing him away from the children."
Sherlock wrinkled his nose upon entering, the whole place smelling of filth and sweat and fear. He was given the assignment of going into the back rooms and releasing the humans kept there, while the rest took over the auction hall, clapping the owners of the warehouse in silver to await trial. It didn’t kill them, but it weakened them substantially, and didn’t half burn.
"You worried me," John whispered. "I honestly thought you were going to be stubborn and not come here. I thought you were going to die." He shook his head, lowering his gaze and staring at the bed sheets.
. Sherlock sighed, thinking for a moment. "Well," he said softly. "I don't think your Papa ever told you, but I'm a detective. I used to help Lestrade... erm, Uncle Greg, catch bad guys," he said quietly. "And when you were little, there was a really big bad guy. And he and his friends wanted to do bad things, to a lot of people. So I had to go away to stop them, so that everyone, including you and your Papa, could be safe," he said softly. "And no one could know," he finished.
"I love you too. You know I do," John whispered, squeezing Sherlock's hand. He took another sip of his tea, and when he looked back up at Sherlock, the world spun a little.
Sherlock nodded, swallowing nervously. "I'll call Mycroft," he said, shutting off the water and carefully getting out of the tub. He helped John out and wrapped a towel around him, leading him to the room. "I would take Katherine downstairs but... Mrs Hudson would probably have a heart attack," he said quietly. He sighed, helping John dress. "Mycroft will have a story for my return. Government work, an alibi. I can come back and everything will go back to normal. He'll just have to enact it a little sooner if we're going in," he said, getting dressed himself and sending a message to Mycroft. A few actually.
Sherlock jerked awake when he heard the yell, sitting bolt upright and wondering where it had come from. He looked over and saw John, the day’s events flooding back to him.
"Easy, love," John murmured, rubbing his hand over Sherlock's shoulder. "Happens to all of us. She needs it, or she'll get sick." He kissed Sherlock's temple, smiling a little when Sherlock loosened his hold and the nurse stepped forward, inserting the small needle into Katherine's arm. The pup immediately woke up, and the nurse withdrew the empty syringe before Kat could move the needle inside of her arm.
Sherlock continued to look at Katherine, wondering if John told her about him. He took a breath, rolling carefully over to look at her more, bringing a blanket up to cover his wound.
Sherlock sat Hamish up again when he fell and nodded. "I know he is," He murmured, standing up and lifting Hamish. "Better bundle you up little ferret." He bounced the infant once as he walked down the hall. He tugged on Hamish's little winter coverall and tucked him in his car seat. His pram was folded up downstairs since they only used it when they went out. "Katherine!" he called up the stairs. "Time to go!" He heard a complaint that she wasn't done colouring, but soon enough he heard feet quickly descending the stairs.
