Basically, her outfit could be that of any private school uniform, which Dean truly appreciated. The woman also had to be at least 25 or 30 years old, so he didn't need to worry about this beauty being underage, which he mentally praised the Lord for.
"When in our lives has there ever been a coincidence that was just a coincidence? Never! Don't you get it, Dean? You heard what Cassie said. Our souls match that of those two other girls."
"Well, there is a lot of possibilities that could occur in the future that I am far from happy about. But I guess overall. I could narrow it down to two main fears." Castiel paused.
That made Dean's eyes widen, and then he did something he should have done with his Castiel a long time ago. He grabbed his shirt collar and pulled him in for a kiss.
"Why does it matter anyway? I did what I had to do to get us out of this mess! That's exactly what you would have done if you were in my position!"
"Damn man ... that was a dick move on fake me's part. I apologize for him, though, as much as I can apologize for an alternate dimension version of me. Apparently, Jensen doesn't know when a good thing is standing right in front of him." Dean winked.
All of Dean's typical instincts and anger of being kept out of the loop pointed him to sleeping on the floor. But when he went to move in that direction, he found himself crawling into the bed on the side opposite of Castiel.
But now he had to think about it because Chamuel forced him into a world where he and Cas were not only together, but they were also getting married. The thoughts alone made Dean's head spin, and for the life of him, he couldn't figure out what game Chamuel wanted him to play here.
Castiel sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "Gabriel had ended up taking what I had said literally. So when the day came for Chamuel to ask whether or not I had changed my mind about becoming human, Gabriel requested that he be the one to take me home. I guess Chamuel assumed that my brother wanted to be the last to say one to bid me farewell, regardless she gave him her permission. However, after my grace was entirely stripped away, Gabriel allowed me a minute to say goodbye to Chamuel and her team. Afterward, he teleported the two of us out of the cave but not back to the bunker-like he was supposed to. However, despite Grande Terre being stunningly beautiful this time of year, the only place I wanted to be was back here."
How could Dean respond? What should he respond with? Every syllable of the English language seemed to leave his brain as he just sat there in silence. What are words anyway? What are actions? What is life? His mind tried to contemplate all this at once.
Cas looked around with his mouth slightly open in shock. Of the people, he recognized he saw Sam, Crowley, Lucifer, Bobby, Kevin, Gabriel, and Chuck.
"Papa!" Jack squealed in excitement as he wiggled out of Kevin's grasp and ran over to hug Castiel's leg.
"I'm sorry, Castiel, but I have to follow protocol here. And I already made a major exception by allowing you to stay. I cannot keep breaking the rules."
"No… I mean... that isn't why I'm hesitant to have intimate relations with you." He explained, rubbing the back of his neck in unease.
"So, what you got for us, Cas?" Dean asked while leaning up against the wall in the hallway outside of Jack's bedroom.
"There is no need to apologize. Your assumptions are entirely understandable. How could you have possibly guessed that Gabriel would send me to the Caribbean? I don't blame you for doubting me. But I'm here now, Dean, so please tell me what that act means to you? For us? Am I too late, or are your feelings the same for me as they were six months ago?" Castiel asked, a bit nervous that maybe he was too late. Maybe Dean gave up hope for them months ago. But he had to find out. He had to know the truth.
"Whatever, let's just move this along and be done with this stupid fucking round... What's your answer?" Dean said frustratedly.
"Neither option I gave you Castiel was evil in nature or circumstance." Chamuel stated, still oblivious to the flaws in both of her options.
For who knows how long, they both just laid there, bodies still, eyes closed, forehead to forehead as they reveled in the touch.
Dean had noticed that Castiel had stopped walking. For a moment, they just stood there in complete silence. Dean was still holding the angel's hand, but it wasn't like he had much of any other option with the darkness constricting his vision.
"Screw you, lady, ... no matter what magic you use on me, I can and will forever be hungry." Dean exclaimed.
When Dean didn't follow behind Castiel, he paused to see what was going on. The first thing Cas saw was the tears in Dean's eyes. Cas quickly put his hand on the elevator door to stop it from closing.
"What's wrong, Cas?" He asked, putting a hand on his back out of concern. The angel looked like he was about to pass out.
Dean knew that he could drag this exchange out longer if he really had wanted to, but with the truth spell in place, replying to anything sarcastically required a lot of brainpower. So instead of prolonging his answer, Dean decided that he should conserve his mental strength for when he may really need it.
Castiel knew that Dean was telling the truth, and he didn't want to press him any further. He was also scared that he may say the wrong thing and piss Dean off again, which was the last thing he wanted to do.
Some of the pictures were of men. Some were pictures of women. A few pictures were of Dean, and others were of Castiel. Dean had no idea how they ever even obtained such a good-looking photo of him, but this place did nothing if not at least surprise him.
Castiel and Chamuel were transported back into Chamuels office. When they arrived in the room, Castiel was seated on the opposite side of the desk that Chamuel was seated.
How would Cas even react? He was pretty sure that marrying someone in an alternate dimension didn't make them married to you in any other dimension. Right? Or were there some interdimensional marriage laws that he didn't know about?
Dean looked away from Castiel and focused on a small rock formation positioned on the ground near one of the cave walls.
Castiel stopped in his tracks and sighed in defeat. "... And do you know what the only thing in this existence is that can make me truly happy?" He asked.
Castiel picked up the next card and read out loud -"Picture This: Practice Round - Show your ideal reality (Both)."
Dean was shocked by Castiels suggestion. Neither one knew what the smoothie would do to them, yet Cas was willing to give up himself to save Dean from the distress of another lousy spell. It was flattering, to say the least. But obviously, Dean couldn't let Castiel do that. Naya said that Dean needed to lose for his sake, and of course, Dean would happily die for the angel, but he would never let him know that. What was the best next move? He had to convince the angel to try to win, or else Castiel could lose the game before Dean got the chance. He had to convince Cas to try and win the game, but how? How could he lose the game with Castiel noticing he lost on purpose?
"Wait... why would the Empty wait to come and get me after I leave the cave? It would come after me the moment I found true happiness..."
Garth made his way into the bunker and over to Dean's room, per Sam's instruction. He surprised himself by finding Dean's room relatively quickly and proceeded to knock on his door.
"It means..." Castiel replied as he started to stand up so he could face the hunter directly. "It means that I have absolutely no idea about what going on here."
Dean shrugged. "I don't know... eating a cheeseburger while watching a beehive on a nature preserve, maybe?"
"Every other person except for the other Castiel that you met behind your door in five? Right?" Castiel's fist clenched as he spoke.
They took their time just savoring the taste and feel of each other's lips while moving them in unison across the others. They were using their hands to map out every reachable inch of the other man's skin.
Dean was more confused now than he was when they were going back and forth about the dimensions and all that shit. "What do you mean the
"I know she did, and I wish it didn't have to play out like that, but it did. I can't change the past, Dean. But you were willing to sacrifice my life, and that didn't seem to cause you any distress at all."
Because according to Sam and Dean, Misha had been killed by the angel Virgil who had followed them over through the rift.
Cas standing directly in front of him again made Dean's entire world flip upside down... or maybe it was right-side-up? He had no fucking clue considering his brain had apparently decided to shut down on sight.
At first, he slowly reached out to grab the flowers from Castiel, but then Dean accidentally brushed Castiel's hand, which caused him to jerk back quickly with the flowers in hand.
"I may have cheated my way through high school science class, but I am pretty sure that a jacket can't put out an entire fire unless said jacket is big enough to cover the flames completely...But hell, I may be wrong. If Sam were here, he would know!"  And just as he finished his statement, the last flame went out.
They had already wasted so many years skirting around the truth of both their feelings. And right now, this kiss was just them. Years of sexual tension finally crumbling down. This was the truth they wanted to reveal to each other so many times. So many long lustful stares. So many kind words with deeper meaning. This kiss was the first step to breaking down all those walls and revealing themselves to each other.
"Wow, nice to know where your priorities lie, Cas." Dean muttered, trying to make his statement sound more sarcastic than anything. However, some of his actual jealousy may have slipped into his tone.
"w-w-what did you do?" Dean wasn't sure if he really wanted to know the answer or not. The last thing he needed was to be jealous of himself or, in this case, another version of himself.
Dean really didn't know what to say now. On the one hand, he could admit his true feelings for Castiel and end up losing him forever because that would bring him true happiness or whatever. On the other hand, he could admit this was a ploy to get out of this cave, and by doing so, spar Castiel true happiness. It may have been a selfish act, but if keeping Dean's true emotions away from Castiel kept the angel alive, then by God he would keep it from him.
"Perfect!" Gabriel responded cheerfully. Apparently, Gabe took their silence as complacency. "Good luck to you both! Hopefully, this final round ends with something steamy... because if not I will have to rate it badly on IMBD..."
"... what-What happened?" Dean asked. He honestly had no clue what Jensen would do. It's not like he actually knew the guy. But if Jensen touched Cas in any way, shape, or form, Dean swore he would tear the man apart piece by piece.
"Because you don't have a choice in the matter." Chamuel snapped her finger. And suddenly, the two men were sitting next to one another on the couch. She walked behind her desk again and grabbed the chair to roll it over in front of where they were sitting.
"But what if he does? What if he does, and what if he reveals his feelings in my jurisdiction? If that occurs, then the moment you leave this cave is the moment the Empty will come for you... I cannot put any client of mine into such a dangerous situation." Chamuel responded.
It took Dean two and a half hours to finish running all over creation to complete his errands. During that time, he hit the grocery store, the barber, and the flower shop. He felt like the Flash with how fast he was in and out of each shop.
As soon as the final flame flickered out, darkness once again surrounded the cave. But before either of the men could acknowledge the sudden darkness, they were distracted by the sudden sound of tumbling rocks.
Castiel still stood next to the side of the bed, just staring down at the sight. Dean, who was almost completely exposed, was lying on the bed waiting for him. Castiel wanted to memorize every little detail of this moment.
Castiel pulled his forehead away from Dean's without leaving the hunter's arms. "Make l-love?" He questioned.
Dean decided to give him a minute before finally speaking up. "So I guess this is your dream reality, huh?"
Dean refused to wait for Castiel to respond to his answer. He didn't need the angel's pity or sympathy or any of that bullshit, so he picked the next card up. "What was your first impression of me?" Dean asked, finally looking towards Castiel again.
"Keep your voice down, man... No one else here knows that you and I aren't from this world, and in order for us to get out of here, we need to keep it that way. Comprende?"
"Both??? There is no both! Either your straight or your gay,. There is no in-between." Dean stated his voice firm but obviously uncomfortable with this discussion topic.
"If Dean has feelings for you that are deeper than the friendship you two claim to share, then..." Chamuel started to say, but Castiel cut her off.
Castiel watched as Dean shuffled around the room. When Dean seemed content with his progress, he turned back to Cas and smiled. Castiel tilted his head in question. But before he could ask what Dean was up to, Dean grabbed onto the hem of his shirt and pulled it over his head in one swift motion.
Samantha let out an audible sigh, "Did Dea put you up to this? Because I swear if she did, I WILL LOCK HER IN THE DUNGEON AND ACTUALLY THROW AWAY THE KEY THIS TIME!" Samatha stated, yelling the last sentence loud enough so that Deanna could hear her sister's threat through the door.
Dean nodded. He was looking a little more flushed than he had been a few moments ago. Castiel assumed that Dean felt guilty for his original accusations, and that's why his face lost its color.
Dean wasn't sure if Castiel didn't ask about the sleeping arrangements because he was mad at Dean or just assumed that he would sleep in the bed as well.
Castiel smiled a bit and rolled his eyes. "Damn, how much medication did you take?" He laughed. "Let me think... so there is Garth and his family, there is Sam, Jess, and Diane, there is Gabriel, Balthazar, Jo, Ellen, Bobby, Mary and John, Rufus, Adam and Michel, Jody and the girls, Donna and Doug, and Kevin."
"Well, why don't you just share your thoughts with the rest of the class?" Dean gestured to the rest of the room, even though there was obviously no one else in it.
But since this was his last day with Dean, he was going to make it mean something. Nothing was holding him back now.
"What the hell are you doing here, man? No...better yet, what the hell is going on? How did we...I mean, how did I get here? How did you get here?" Dean asked with a sense of urgency in his tone. He hadn't seen the angel since the day of their fight, and they were far from being on good terms.
"Yeah, you. You're the only angel I can seem to tolerate for more than a day at a time." Dean replied stoically.
Castiel looked at him with a puzzled expression."Why would I ever joke about you revealing your traumatic past?"
He hardly knew if Jensen was anything like his Dean, but that was all he really had to go off of. Thankfully Castiel was the last one left to give a speech, so maybe he could just build off what everyone else had said.
Projection Castiel smirked. "I can do more than just say things to make you feel good, Dean." He said in a surprisingly flirtatious way, especially since it was Cas.
Castiel pushed open the door, leaving both room 5 and Dean behind him, utterly confused about what just happened.
Castiel blushed, but Dean didn't notice. Dean may have not necessarily meant what he said to come across as a compliment, but it came across that way to Castiel nonetheless.
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Dean felt Castiel let go of his hand and attempt to open the door by jiggling the handle before finally responding to his question.
"Dean, your results are a bit more complex or a bit more human, if you will. So be prepared because I am about to spew a lot of information on you at once. Sound good?" said Rachel.
"What do you suppose she meant by that? What can be more fun than Twister?" Castiel asked Dean with a serious look. Furrowing his eyebrows in confusion.
The moment his eyes opened, she had snapped her fingers, and he arrived groggily in a chair inside her office.
Suddenly the door front door opened, and none other than the stupid large moose that Dean has for a brother walks in.
Dean glanced over at his angel and saw his change in demeanor. Making him stepped in front of Castiel protectively. "And why the fuck not?"
"You've said that already Dean, but I don't understand why you are so insistent to watch a film about stars going to war for movie night." Projection Cas said.
He didn't know what drove him to do it, but he didn't stop himself either. Instead, he just drifted off to sleep, hoping that by the time morning came, he would be able to get Cas to tell him what was really going on. He had no idea that by the time he woke up, Castiel's choice would have already been made.
"What the hell are you two doing here?" Dean asked, despite knowing exactly why they were at the bunker.
"If it's about the flowers, I know they aren't really your style, but I couldn't exactly bring anything your style into the airport without getting arrested."
The man then snapped his fingers, and suddenly the spotlight was gone. The house lights followed suit, filling the room once again with light.
A shuffling sound continued as Dean, and Castiel suddenly froze in their spot. If they could see through the dark, the two would have been looking directly at one another to try and examine what the other was currently thinking. However, with the darkness still surrounding them, they both had to settle for staring directly towards the noise coming from the seemingly endless black abyss.
Deanna squinted her eyes at him. "I don't even know who the hell you are, so how the fuck would I know who your brother is? Who are you anyway?" she asked.
Castiel cocked his head and squinted at him a bit in confusion. "Is something wrong, Dean?" He asked.
The day went by pretty fast, and Dean was 95% sure that he didn't forget any of Castiel's requests. He hadn't seen anyone he knew around the hotel yet, and it was almost 4:00 in the afternoon. He had spent his daytime wandering around the hotel, working out in the gym, and watching crap daytime TV. After his alarm clock turned to 4:15, he packed up his stuff and headed down to the front desk to check in to his solo room for the night. By the time he got settled in, it was already 5:00. So Dean decided that he better get dressed for the rehearsal dinner and show up early to meet and greet everyone.
The phone cut out and Dean stood there for a minute just listening to the static. How could Bobby expect him to just go to sleep? Cas was out there somewhere, was gone. Dean tried to push the empty feeling from his chest and focus on the fear instead. Now was not the time to be feeling disappointed that you might never see a criminal again.
What were these even supposed to be? If they were from Novak, he should probably report the break-ins. After all, it would mean that the man was back in the city and pretty close by, too. The things themselves could also end up being pretty dangerous. What if the scotch was poisoned or the objects were some kind of threat, a warning that The Angel could break in at any time?
About an hour later there was a loud banging on his door, that jolted him awake. He was lying on the floor confused and blinking for a minute before the banging picked up again. “Dean! Dean!” He groaned, pulling himself up and shooting a fearful look toward the bag. It was still there, mocking him from the kitchen table. The banging continued, getting even more frantic.
As much as he wanted to do more, to hold Dean protectively in his arms, he knew better than to enter the house bearing his emotions so visibly. While Gabriel and Balthazar had spread much gossip over his infatuation with the detective, it was still too intimate to allow just anyone to see.
His hot, wet mouth trailed down, down, down, until he reached the waistband of Dean’s pants, nearly making him choke when he started undoing the belt with his mouth. There was no way this was really happening—Castiel’s dark eyes were glued to his, staring intently as his tongue pushed the button through the tiny loop and his teeth pulled the zipper down so slowly it made him want to cry.
“Please,” Dean begged hips twitching, as Castiel raked his nails through the soft hair, knuckles brushing against his straining cock.
That was as close as they’d come to actually meeting but for some reason, even after Dean had graduated, Castiel couldn’t let go. It was hardly unusual, though. Practically their whole town was at least a little bit obsessed with the man. Captain of the swim team, valedictorian, handsome, smart, kind—everyone either loved him or wanted to be him. There was just something about those green eyes, crooked smile, broad shoulders, thick muscles—
The trembling of Dean’s thighs was probably partly due to the strain of holding himself above Castiel but, if the wild sounds and ragged breaths were anything to go by, it was mostly from pleasure. He ran his hands soothingly up and down the other man’s muscular thighs, feeling the way they spasmed under his palms, then pulling them sharply down so that Dean was effectively sitting on his face.
The door closed softly, leaving him feeling strangely sad and alone. For a long time he just sat staring at the screen, not even really looking at it anymore. Eventually enough was enough and he shut the computer, picking up his math book instead. Unfortunately, Anna was right. Exams weren’t going to go away just because Dean Winchester looked good in a bathing suit.
“And now,” he breathed, catching Dean’s gaze, “you’ve worked yourself into quite a state, haven’t you?”
“Do you make it a habit of pleasuring yourself while I’m sleeping?” Castiel asked wryly, voice practically dripping with excitement.
“You’re so good,” Dean panted into his hair as strong thighs gripped tightly around Castiel’s own, making him feel surrounded by Dean’s warmth. “You s-saved me, Cas.”
“Another,” Castiel groaned eager to hurry everything along—as nice as it would have been to watch Dean slowly take himself apart, he was tired and wanted to come quickly before passing out. “Don’t touch your cock, baby. That belongs to me,” he chided and, okay, maybe he wasn’t in that much of a hurry.
“Very funny, boy. I don’t know what did this but we damn well better hope it’s on our side.” Bobby shook his head, “I don’t even know whether to count this as a miracle or a nightmare.”
Dean nodded, feeling like he might cry. Cry or explode, he wasn’t sure which. A bead of precome ran down the side of his dick, dripping to the floor. He bit his lip to stop from whimpering as Cas gasped and groaned behind him.
After a few minutes, Dean was fucking himself desperately on Cas’ tongue, not caring how loud or slutty he sounded. In the mirror he could see how utterly wrecked he looked and he liked it, liked looking and what he saw. Through the reflection he could see that Cas was looking too, watching as his tongue thrust in and out of his body. When he pulled away, Dean could see a fine trail of saliva leading from Castiel’s pink lips to his ass, while more dribbled down his chin.
“Goodnight little lamb,” Balthazar winked as Castiel and Dean made their way out of the kitchen. He was so intent on making it to the bedroom before Dean attempted to discuss Gabriel’s continued rudeness that they both nearly ran over Anna, waiting for them at the bottom of the staircase.
Dean whined, trying to buck his hips up in search of more friction but Cas stilled his movement, pinning him back against the bed with his body. “I’ve got you, baby.” He cooed as he rocked against him. “If I move my hand you’re going to be good, aren’t you?” He nodded frantically and Cas finally peeled his hand away from his mouth.
Cas didn’t leave him a second to process what was happening before he was swallowing Dean down, burying his nose in the thick thatch of pubic hair. Dean’s fingers dug into a box somewhere behind his head, biting his lip to hold back a shriek.
It took every ounce of self-control that he possessed not to moan loudly, instead staring severely at the increasingly distraught detective while he tried to regain composure. “Licking you where, baby?” He finally managed to grit out, so riled up it was making his blood hot.
There was a brief moment where Michael continued staring, face blank and cold, while the whole kitchen stopped mid motion. They were made afraid by Castiel’s defiance, but he knew better. Power and strength, those were the qualities the man most admired and they were the reason Castiel had gained so much influence within the house.
Dean coughed awkwardly, trying to distract his own mind from that train of thought. “Who the—” was all he managed to get out before being interrupted.
Castiel watched him obey instantly, sinking onto the soft mattress and blinking back up at him, confusion dotting his gaze. He needed to quell this man’s concerns, needed to push his exhaustion and worry away. So he stood between Dean’s spread legs and took his head in his hands, sweeping thumbs gently across his eyes, brows, down the slop of his nose, along the curve of his jaw. Dean sighed, letting Castiel’s nimble fingers trace his features.
He sighed, “If you think Sam can help than I don’t see there being a choice.” Gabriel and Balthazar frowned slightly but otherwise let it pass without comment.
“I wanted to let you know that I might be late for dinner.” Castiel said calmly, hoping that Meg would pick up on their need for secrecy.
“Well, these grunts are tired of putting our asses on the line for a coupla jerks like them. I don’t wanna kill, or rob, or anything. I wanna open up a candy shop, ‘kay kid? That’s it.”
“Y-yes.” Dean stuttered, betraying a fearfulness that calmed something in him. Suddenly, the idea that this man could hold any power over Castiel seemed so laughably ridiculous. Dean knew his place, could be—wanted to be—controlled. His temporary lack of control wouldn’t be his ruin, not when Dean was so willing to subordinate himself, so desperate to please.
He felt nervous and vulnerable so he plastered on the cockiest smirk possible and tried to turn the conversation into something light, easy. "I reward all my good boys." He said offhandedly, dropping onto a chair at the table. When he looked back, Dean was frowning, eyes distant and sad. Castiel was surprised. He hadn’t even said anything horrible or demoralizing. He wanted to ask him what was wrong but knew that he couldn't so instead he became frustrated, angry with Dean. Who said he could be sad? Who gave him permission to stop smiling?
“My pretty cockslut, always so desperate for it.” Cas smirked. “Bet you didn’t even clean yourself up when you got home.” His hand raked down to press at Dean’s rim. “Kept that sweet hole of yours stuffed full of my come, didn’t you?” He pushed the tip of his thumb past the loose ring of muscle, laughing at the wet stain on Dean’s underwear when he pulled it back out.  “Liked the reminder of my cock, my fingers, my tongue, didn't you?”
The only mercy was that Balthazar and Gabriel chose to behave themselves, remaining almost entirely silent after the initial explanations of the road so far, as Dean put it.
“Ah, of course.” He said, nodding gravely. “I was always much more inclined toward wicked castles but the decision was regrettably vetoed, something about drawing too much attention.”
As such, Castiel reckoned, it was paramount that Sam form a decent impression of his character—despite the circumstances. It was, after all, apparently important to receive a siblings blessing and while he couldn’t care less about what Gabriel thought of his partner, Dean would likely care a great deal about Sam’s opinion.
She shrugged, and he glared in response. “Hey!” Her hands came up in mock defense, “I’m risking my pretty little behind for you, Clarence, and I’m not even getting a threesome out of it.”
Dean pulled back to kiss his lips again, free hand sliding down and into the man’s suit jacket, fingers brushing his nipples. That’s when Cas finally snapped. He grabbed Dean, fingers digging into his thighs as he hoisted him up and slammed his back into the door. “This what you want,” Cas panted when he finally broke away from the kiss, a trail of saliva keeping their lips connected, “for me to claim your mouth? Claim your body?”
“Apologies. Robert Singer proved to be a much more difficult contract than I’d initially anticipated.”
“Exactly.” Balthazar confirmed. “We’re not even warm to your presence, we don’t need another lost lamb—”
He flinched internally, eyes skirting over Dean’s tense face as he enumerated the tasks he hoped his friends would take on. This wouldn’t be happening if he’d just left the man alone, if he’d obeyed his father’s training and kept a professional distant. Dean was never supposed to be more than a means to an end and yet, now—
“I will try to make myself more available to you in the future.” They shook hands and he nodded curtly toward Uriel as he was leaving.
. And anyway, it’s not like he could ask for an extension because some guy at the library played Cher until he lost his will to live.
Standing in the center of the frame was Castiel and man, did he look good. Absently, he noticed that the man looked more exhausted than usual, his suit slightly more rumpled, hair an absolute disaster. It made Dean want to smile. Behind him, he could see a number of officers face down at their desks. They looked alive, like they’d all just spontaneously decided to fall asleep. Cas made a startled sound, drawing his attention back to the surprised looking man in front of him.
“Y-yes, Cas, I’d let you. Let you do anything.” He stuttered, legs wobbling slightly as his body thrust into each stroke.
“Oh,” Balthazar crooned, “you talk so sweetly to him Cassie. I’m jealous.” He pretended to pout for a minute but stopped immediately when Cas leveled him with the scariest look either of them had ever seen. It was beautiful but terrifying, the kinda thing that looked like the fearsome wrath of heaven bundled up inside one man. It dawned on him that this was probably why they called him The Angel, making him wonder how many people had seen that look and lived to talk about it.
As it turned out, Michael was mostly interested in catching up. They talked for a few hours about the arrest, business, and gossip. While on the surface it appeared pleasant, every minute only served to make him more nervous. Conversation was always a game with these people, with everyone in his life—well almost everyone, he thought and nearly blushed. It occurred to him then that talking to Dean didn’t feel that way at all, it was easy, even fun. Normally he was so silent but with Dean—
Then everyone was laughing, Dean doubled over with the force of it. “Um, I don’t understand.” Castiel said awkwardly, feeling his skin prickle with heat. He looked over to Balthazar who was wiping a tear from his eye.
Panting, Castiel pressed their foreheads together, watching the way the gesture brought about the most breathtaking smile he’d ever seen. A moment later Dean’s eyes fluttered shut, smile still firmly in place. It made him feel happy, to stand this way, like a warm weight was curling itself around his heart. Without really thinking, he moved his arms from the counter and wrapped them around Dean in an affectionate gesture that seemed to surprise both of them.
The escape had taken its toll on the entire department, he was pretty sure Kevin hadn’t left the station for a month—kid smelled like something had died and was greasier than a mechanic. Benny and Vic barely had a chance to catch their breaths and Bobby nearly gave himself a heart attack trying to convene a countywide search. To be honest, it was going to hard to forget exactly how not awesome things had been.
“I apologize.” The man sighed, running a shaking hand through his already messy hair. “I’m so relieved to see you alive, brother.” He turned, walking briskly through the dark hallway toward his office.
“I do trust you, Dean.” He said so softly it made Dean’s chest tighten uncomfortably, made him want to take Castiel’s hand and tell him they could fix this. But he didn’t say that, instead he snapped, “No, you don’t. If you cared at all about me, you wouldn’t treat me like a pawn. You’d treat me like an equal, like a friggin’ partner.”
I'm trying to get these up as quickly as possible so I'm really sorry that they're all going to be super short!
“Of course. You don’t have Alastair and I don’t have what I need from your evidence lock up—our business isn’t done.” Again an irritatingly sad look crossed Dean’s face but it was quickly smothered in a wash of excitement.
“I am fully aware, Balthazar.” There was a pause and then, “When I say it’s blocked I mean it’s blocked, I can’t get out of the city.” He growled. “We just need to lay low for another day or so. Be patient, nothing’s changed. We planned for this, just keep watch and let me know if anything changes.” There was a much longer pause before Cas sighed, “Yes, I have a safe place to hideout. I’ll be fine. Take care, Balth. I’ll call again when I can.”
It wasn’t right, though. This was Dean’s reward—it wasn’t about what Castiel wanted. The trembling had to stop, he wasn’t going to be stressed or worried tonight. Tonight Castiel was going to take care of him, press his adoration into Dean’s skin with kisses and touches. He started rubbing a soothing circle into the over-heated skin of the man’s wrist. “Sit on the bed, baby. Right at the edge.” He purred.
“You,” Dean breathed, continuing only when Castiel arched an eyebrow in curiosity, “about you—uh, l-licking me.”
Standing in the room now, he felt strangely self-conscious. This desire to justify the sparseness was ridiculous—Dean knew this wasn’t his real home; the man had already been inside his actual house during the police raid. He’d seen the walls of books, the poetry, the photographs, and even—Castiel smiled in remembrance—the painting of his own freckled face. Still, he was irrationally disappointed that they couldn’t be standing among his own furniture, his belongings, now.
“Balthazar,” Castiel said, voice sleep rough and clearly annoyed, a fact that totally didn’t make Dean smile smugly. “I told you,” he continued, stifling a yawn and leaning back against the bed frame, “to retrieve me. Breaking in was unnecessary.”
He gripped the steering wheel, trying to focus on the road ahead. “I don’t,” he started but stopped, “I got tipped off is all. Something big is going down and we’re gonna check it out.”
Then Gabriel was laughing—a real gasping sort of laughter that just shattered all the tension. “Gabriel,” he warned but the harshness was lost in an involuntarily smile.
His hands fell back to Dean’s hips, pulling the man impossibly closer and burying himself in his neck, breathing in the sweaty smell of him.
Castiel tightened his arms, pulling him in even closer until they were tucked tightly together. Sleep came in waves, dreamy thoughts of family dinners, introducing the man he, well, really liked to Sammy. It was a ridiculous, crazy, sappy thing to imagine but it was his dream. If he wanted to indulge in stupid domestic fantasies in the privacy of his own head that was his business—thank you very much.
“You arrested a very bad man today, be thankful.” Something in his voice made it sound like a warning not to try his patience and that, more than anything, set Dean off.
During that first week, Bobby decided to take him off the case and put him on mandatory paid leave. It was his fault, after—well—after Novak had left, Dean sort of stop being able to handle himself. His brain took a vacation and left him a heaping pile of useless. Day after day he’d just walk around in this half-dean state, out of his mind with guilt and shame and loneliness. There was a hole inside him now, an emptiness that his body couldn’t fill. Nothing could satisfy the ache, not booze, or women, or—when he was really drunk and very lonely—the fingers he’d slide in and out of his body.
“W-w-what ar—” He didn’t get a chance to finish his sentence because Cas was wrapping his fingers around Dean’s ankle and yanking him down to the edge of the bed. He tried to scream but Cas was too fast, pressing his body so hard against Dean’s that it was hard to breath. One hand stayed clutching his ankle while the other came up to cover his mouth as he leaned in to whisper in his ear.
"Well, it was sweet of you to want to surprise me, but now I have to rearrange the entire itinerary." Cas said without looking up from his phone. After a few more taps, he finally put his phone away and looked up at Dean. "Don't get me wrong, I am glad you were able to get off work early and join me here sooner than planned, but with all that we have to get done in the next two days, a head's up would have really been nice... I really do appreciate the gesture, though."
"Oh... Ohhhhhhh..." It all clicked made sense now. Castiel saw Dean get married to someone else or something like that. What Cas had experienced was not him and Dean but Dean (Jensen) and someone else! How did he not think of that before?
Dean wanted to say no but didn't have the heart to argue with Cas this time. The angel's eyes were too sad for him to say no. "Ughhh, fine... Chamuel, I'm giving you one minute before I gank your ass!"
After about a solid 30 seconds of Dean's fake mental contemplation, Castiel couldn't wait any longer. "DEAN WINCHESTER, I know you well enough to understand that you have already come up with an answer to the question! Right now, I can only assume that you are stalling in an attempt solely to annoy me." Castiel's wings rose off the back of the chair and continued to fluff up like he was a bird asserting his dominance.
"Awww, honeybun, it's going to be okie dokie." Donna said, rubbing Dean's back. "It just takes some time."
This was a game of some sort, and he had to play along. That's what Chamuel was all about, right? Playing games and somehow solving other people's problems.
Dean glared at Gabriel. "You've been controlling me and my thoughts the past few days, haven't you? That's why I have been so out of it! It hasn't been the truth potion at all; it's been you!"
"During my time helping out with Chamuel's program, I was often paired with Gabriel since I seemed to be one of the few angels there that he could tolerate. One day when we were waiting for our next assignment, he began questioning me about my feelings for you. I made the mistake of using the metaphor that I would travel across the globe just to be by your side again."
"I know this is difficult for you, Dean, but trust me, you will want to play along. It's only for your benefit in the long run.
Dean was asleep at the center table in the war room, his head laying on his crisis-crossed arms, which were currently positioned at the table's edge. Next to him on the tabled laid a bouquet of wilted yellow flowers.
Dean was speechless. He had no idea what to say or even how they could get out of this room now. But Castiel continued speaking.
He was looking down now. He didn't want to know what facial expression Castiel had after he gave such an honest response. It wasn't like him to be so honest, but he knew that these questions were probably only going to get harder. If he wanted to trick anyone or any card into thinking he was telling the truth, it would be in his best interest to use that lifeline later on.
Considering the fact that Dean drinks almost as often as he breathes; he is by no means a lightweight when it comes to alcohol consumption. He obviously must have gone way past his limit to have reached his current state.
"Dean... this is just your room... why would you show me this? My own room in the bunker is practically identical to this one." Castiel tilted his head.
"Dean... please tell me what it is you want right now?" Castiel asked, still stuttering a bit while trying to catch his breath from their kiss.
Castiel nodded to signify he understood Dean's point. But Dean knew that signal meant Castiel was done with the conversation.
"Good, I'm proud of you for actually listening to the doctor and taking the meds. I know it wasn't an easy thing for you to do." Castiel replied.
It was Dean's turn to ask Castiel whatever the next card had written on it. So without hesitation, he picked up the card at the top of the deck.
This confession seemed to make Samantha's confidence stutter for a second. Meanwhile, Sam sat in his desk chair helpless, tilting his head to the side in confusion at the whole situation.
Once Castiel's shoes were fully detached from him, he cut Dean off by pressing their lips together. Dean knew better than to fight back and instead fully embraced the kiss.
"Excuse me, I'm the one with the gun here, so I get to call the shots, sweetheart! So why don't you get to explaining what the hell are you doing here?" Dean responded.
The room was narrow, more like the size of a small walk-in closet. Except unlike a closet, this room had 3 doors. One, of course, was the one they just entered in from. The other two were spaced out evenly on the opposing wall.
A/N Part 1: This chapter is going to either make you cry or make you mad, but I swear, the ending is worth it!
Garth took his hand off Dean's shoulder and held both his hands up in the air in surrender, making Dean crack a slight smile.
Dean had intentionally gone on a beer run the afternoon that Sam had discovered a book about angels in the bunker library. It wasn't that Dean didn't want to learn more about angels; in fact, he was very interested in learning more about angels. Well, one angel in particular. However, at that time, Dean didn't feel like having his secret crush destroyed by some words on a textbook page.
As they both stood up, they noticed that the room was once again growing dim. They both looked over to the ring of fire which was almost completely distinguished at this point.
"Yeah, but the kid hasn't been normal a single day in his life, so 'odd' isn't really an issue for him." Dean shrugged.
Dean scoffed. "You can't be serious. You expect us to take some random ass pill with who knows what inside. Do you think we're that stupi..."
Despite Dean's lack of sympathy for his brother, Sam would continuously come to his bedroom door and try to coax Dean out. The Moose even attempted to bribe Dean out with the promise of pie, which didn't work! Long story short, though, Dean still got the pie by sneaking out and stealing it from the fridge.
"So, does that mean we are somehow related to these Neanderthals?" Deanna asked, directing her attention towards Samantha.
There, easy as pie, I gave my honest answer to his simple question. Dean smirked to himself.  I just have to answer the question for what it is, nothing more nothing less. No reading into it. I got this! I got this! As long as Castiel doesn't dive into this any further, I will be fine.
Dean glared at O'Malley with a look that could probably kill a person if life only worked that way. Dean was about to retaliate, but Cas put a hand on his shoulder before he could open his mouth. When he turned to look at the trenchcoated angel, who met him with a sympathetic stare. Castiel didn't say a word to him, but his eyes said enough. Somehow in that one look, Cas was able to tell Dean that none of his friends' deaths was his fault. Even though Dean may not fully believe that to be true, he appreciated the gesture nonetheless.
One way or another, he would have to break the news to him, but he wanted to enjoy these last few hours they get to spend together.
Just like Dean expected, the women continued talking. "I was hoping you boys would make it this far. I mean you both do hold a high reputation in the field of the supernatural, so I didn't doubt that you would arrive here sooner or later."
Dean had to admit, his little brother may be annoying, but damn he was a saint at setting up a romantic ambiance.
"Well, there's nothing in here that could help us put out the flames, but I do have an idea." Dean quickly began taking off his leather jacket to reveal only the white shirt he was wearing underneath it. Castiel glanced at Dean, giving his 'I'm confused' head tilt that he always does when he doesn't understand something.
"Hey guys, we're back!" Sam calls out before noticing Jack, Mary, and Kevin standing just a few feet away. "Oh, hey!"
Cas went outside the hotel room door, into the hallway, and turned around to face Dean. "Remember the front desk should receive our suits from the cleaners around 9:00 am today, so if you could go pick those up, that would be great. Your room should be ready to check into at 4:00 pm, and Sam and Jess texted me early this morning to say that they will be getting in around 5:00 pm tonight. The rest of the family will probably be coming at random times throughout the day, and the rehearsal dinner is in the dining hall at 6:00. I will attend to all the other details, just be on time tonight, got it?"
"Amara was just a manipulative bitch with brother issues!" Castiel stated bluntly, the anger evident throughout his tone.
Dean's mouth fell open from shock. "... wow, I mean, I always knew Gabriel was a dick but damn... Well hey I'm glad you proved to that douchebag that you didn't need your powers in order to get back here."
"Nonetheless, if neither of you has any remaining questions, I suggest you move forward with finishing stage one. My assistants will govern you along the way, and I will check in every so often. I think you are really going to like them."
"No, I know that it's just like lately I can't get my point through to Jack. Typically I'm great with kids, but Jack, he just has a mind of his own even about the smallest things, and I don't know how to be a parental figure for him lately."
"I know it just makes me feel like I'm a bad parent and role model to the kid. I couldn't even convince him to take a bath, Cas that's like the easiest task on the planet."
Jack was apparently sleeping on the floor with a pillow and blanket while a girl that looked close to Jack's physical age was asleep on the bed.
After Sam ran through all the logical possibilities for Dean's outburst, he made his way down the hallway to his brother's room.
"Anything you have to say to me, you can say it in front of Castiel." Dean stated, giving her a slight glare.
"Ok, ok, I get it...please just stop!" Castiel interrupted. "How about you just guess a number, and we can count up from there..."
Castiel knew that this was Dean's absurd attempt at avoiding a further discussion about his previous question. But he didn't want to make Dean more uncomfortable than he obviously already was, so he decided to drop it and just answer his question.
"It's your turn to talk about the man of the hour. They saved the best speech for last." Fake Chuck stated.
3. If you want to skip over the script section, that's fine. It's only there to lead my story along.  At the beginning and end of each script section, I will include a line like the one below to differentiate where my story picks up again.
"It's a long story, brohiem, and I don't have time to stick around a have a heart to heart. I'm sure Deano here can catch you up, though. Right?"
"It will probably make this whole conversation a lot more coherent, so yes." Cas answered seriously.
"Wait, what b..." Dean started to say as he looked next to him. There was suddenly a maroon suitcase sitting beside him which definitely hadn't been there a minute ago. "Oh... yeah, that bag."
And just like that, Castiel's hips stuttered. His lips formed an 'O' as he came across Dean's chest. His dick was twitching throughout his release on top of Dean's own length.
Dean woke up on the ground with a throbbing pain in his forehead. For the life of him, he could not remember where he currently was, or why he was there, or even how he got injured. The last clear memory that Dean could recall was from earlier that morning when he and Sammy were eating breakfast in the bunker. Or wait... was that this morning or yesterday's morning. Dean really couldn't be sure. Either way, everything that had happened after that was a blur to him.
Dean rolled his eyes as his anger was building up in his chest. He felt his face warm up from the intensity of it. Cas wasn't naive. He must know what Dean was talking about, so playing stupid only added fuel to the fire.
"Once I got my cowboy fix, we would drive North West until we reached Vegas, which is where we would stay until the world came to an end." Dean concluded.
"You humans would refer to this task as 7 minutes in heaven. To leave this room, that's what you have to accomplish." Theo explained.
"I ... I am not entirely sure."  Castiel turned his gaze downwards, which Dean knew was typical Cas behavior for when he is lying and/or hiding something. Dean was just about to confront Cas on it when a female voice suddenly echoed throughout the room.
"You really never listen at all when I speak, do you?" Castiel sighed. "Angels have the innate ability to see through the dark."
Sam knocked, but there was no response. He tried to open the door, but it was bolted. Whatever had happened had made Dean upset enough to shut the world out. Leaving Sam no other option but to wait until his brother confided in him.
Meanwhile, Deanna and Castiel were also coming up short; however, it was for an entirely different reason than Sami and Sam. Cas was genuinely trying to solve the problem that Jack and Jane had brought upon both their bunkers. However, Deanna apparently had something else in mind.
Dean continued forward with purpose until he was standing directly behind Castiel. He reached out to grab his shoulder so that he could spin the angel around. That way, they would be face to face, and Dean could quite literally face whatever this issue was head-on.
"In your universe, yes. But in our universe, this room belongs to Jack. And as Cassiel mentioned earlier, it seems that each of us matches another. Sam with Samantha, Dean with Deanna, and Cassiel with me. However, Cassiel and I are angels, so we don't have souls like humans do, but I recognize her grace as my own. In other words, since I saw Jack playing around with opening up rifts, I have to assume that he and maybe Jane may have done something that brought us all together here."
"Yeah... you know... it's a nickname...short for Misha. But if you would prefer for me to call you Dimitri, that's fine by me." Fake Dean grinned like what he was saying was amusing to him.
After only a few steps, Dean had managed to run into several walls, cursing under his breath after he hit each one. After the impact of the fourth wall that he stumbled into, he finally realized that maybe he should continue his sightless journey by using the wall as a crutch. So he did just that. Dean slowly continued forward, with one of his hand following the wall and his other one extended out to feel for any oncoming obstacles.
"Dean..." Castiel said sympathetically, using his grip on Dean's shoulder to pull the hunter into a hug. "I'm so sorry. You were right...I should've talked to you beforehand. I messed up...I messed us up."
When Dean finally got into the bedroom, he quickly noticed that Cas wasn't in there. The bathroom door was shut and locked, so Dean put two and two together. Obviously, Cas locked himself in the bathroom. The fact that Chamuel even added a lock to the bathroom door was somewhat odd, but Dean decided not to question her ways. He could do that once he was out of here. Right now, he just had to deal with her choices, no matter how shitty they were.
"So what you saying is that by staying here and keeping your grace, you aren't breaking your deal? Even if the Empty has no power to reach you in here."
"I Ummm I..." Castiel stuttered, trying to grasp what exactly was going on here. He had heard what fake Dean said, but he didn't understand a single bit of it.
Castiel quickly turned to look at Dean with horror in his eyes. Dean could tell exactly what Cas must be thinking at the current moment, that maybe Dean would end the engagement to be with Lisa. However, that was the furthest thing from an option in Dean's mind.
"I see... I guess I don't understand the term 'soulmate.' How are souls even suppose to mate? They can do a lot of things, but mate isn't one of them. Souls can become intertwined or linked or bonded with one another, but mating is the wrong term. Only two beings in the same physical plane of existence can mate through the act of..."
Dean thought to himself. His thoughts were a whole lot quieter now that Gabriel wasn't tagging along inside his head, urging him forward.
"Yeperino Cassie. Let's get this show on the road." Gabriel said before turning and heading down the hallway towards the elevators.
"I...talked in my sleep?" Castiel questioned, squinting his eyes a little bit as if that would somehow help him find the answer to his question.
Dean thought. This was his chance to lose. He was already in a bad position, and to move his right hand to the green space would definitely be tricky if he actually was playing to win. Dean was already sprawled out underneath Castiel, and he wasn't going to wait any longer pretending actually to play this stupid game.
"Alright, alright. Despite what many people think, I actually do fear a lot of things. In this business, you kind of have to, you know. If a hunter says they aren't ever scared, then they are lying to you. You have to be scared because if you are comfortable, then you aren't cautious enough to survive. If you stay scared then you stay alert, easy as pie. Sadly though my fears don't end at hunting, I am absolutely fucking terrified of flying. I hate being trapped in those metal tin cans of death. If people were meant to fly, we would have wings...but we don't - so I won't. My worst fear, however, is obvious; I am scared of losing the people that I care about. Lately, I just keep taking hits, man. Mom is gone, then Rowena, then Jack, and then you left the bunker. I fear abandonment almost as much as I fear losing people completely, but if what happened to them happened because of me, then that's what I truly fear." Dean sighed, looking down at the cards on the table.
This option had far too many holes in it, but regardless of its flaws, if Castiel chooses this option, he would be able to keep his grace. But then again, his grace was failing anyway. So, sooner or later, he would become human one way or another unless Chamuel had a plan to restore it somehow. It wouldn't shock Castiel in the slightest if this cave could at least help maintain his already depleting grace. Chamuel had constructed this cave herself with her grace, so it was highly possible that this cave could serve as a bandaid of a sort to maintain Castiel's grace. But once again, she never mentioned anything about that to him, so this was only a theory.
Jody looked at Donna, who nodded at her before she turned back to Dean. "Sam went to stay at Eileen's for a bit."
Dean felt Castiel's breath stammer as he pressed his lips to his angel's chest. And after feeling the ex angel's breath falter, Dean couldn't help but glance up and smile.
Castiel was the one to first break the kiss. "I'm sorry," he said before kissing him Dean again swiftly. "I should have" another kiss. "I should've trusted you." and another. "I couldn't believe that what you said was true, despite the honesty potions we both took... and I am so sorry, Dean. I should have believed you from the start." Castiel said all at once, breaking their kiss to stare and admire the man holding on to him.
"Uhhh... yeah - yeah, I'm fine. I just hit my head, that's all... I think I need to sit down for a moment." Fake Chuck quickly grabbed him a chair as Jensen helped Castiel sit down, not wanting him to pass out or fall over.
Sam had assumed that Dean was spending his days that month solely sulking and drinking away his time/sorrows, which sure, Dean did do that from time to time. However, the vast majority of those days, Dean had spent researching.
"Castiel and I met one another many, many years ago. It was my God-given right to pair angels who hadn't yet mated or found a suitable suitor." Theo stated.
I will try to keep this note as brief as possible, but it is IMPORTANT that you at least READ over this BEFORE starting this chapter. I will keep it as short and sweet as I can :)
A minute or two later, Dean followed and sat beside Castiel. He placed a hand on his shoulder, only for Castiel to fling it off.
"Dude, what type of drugs are you on? You don't live here! Last I checked, which was only an hour ago FYI, only 4 people were living in the bunker, and I am sure as fuck that you aren't one of them." The girl exclaimed.
Jack seemed to ponder this question as if it was a very serious matter before looking up and smiling at Castiel. "Papa in charge!"
He glanced back to see if Cas was following along, but he wasn't. Cas looked petrified in shock, or maybe it was fear Dean couldn't tell. Either way, he had no desire to stick around in this room for any longer than he had to. Dean slammed open the door and stormed out while Castiel stood with his feet planted in the same spot.
"Also, the silent treatment isn't going to work well for you either. If you remember correctly, this game requires verbal communication to proceed forward with it. Plus, I designed this formula extra strong just for you. And if you bite your tongue or hold back any bit of the truth, you will experience an awful taste in your mouth, kind of like soap but not as pleasant. If this taste remains in your mouth too long because you are too thick-headed to admit the full truth, you will get awful pains in your stomach. So... Deany boy... for your sake, just say how you really feel. It will save you a lot of pain and save our janitor a lot of trouble. Do you got that?"
The room became silent again. Obviously, Cas either couldn't think of a witty comeback, or he was inspecting the door that lied ahead of them. Regardless, the silence was once again deafening to Dean's ears. Especially since his eyesight was completely useless at the moment. So... Dean decided to impatiently break the silence.
"Y-you're what?" Dean asked, still stumbling to keep shifting his fist up and down their erections at a decent rhythm.
Cas could actually hear Jensen breathing and also feel Jensen's breath on his ear. It gave him chills, but thankfully his trenchcoat hid the goosebumps he got on his arms from the sudden unexpected stimulus.
Every time Cas tried to focus on skimming through a spellbook for a counterspell, Deanna seemed to have another idea of how they could be spending their time, and she wasn't afraid of saying so.
"Hello, fellas." A voice stated as the desk chair turned ominously around to reveal a slender woman with light brown hair.
When Castiel walked in, he saw Dean was sitting on the edge of the bed, his right leg shaking up and down in anticipation.
"I don't know, man, I suck at this type of stuff. I just thought you would...I don't know... Say more than just 'okay.'"
"What?" He asked, wanting clarification. He needed to be sure that they were on the same page because, as of recently, they had not been.
Projection Cas grinned and began leaning in towards the hunter, and suddenly the entire image faded away. Both the real Dean and Cas were back in the cave again.
When Castiel opened his eyes to look down, he saw Dean's eyes squinted shut to focus on the task legit in his hand. It was the most beautiful sight to see such a strong hunter come undone underneath him.
Dean shrugged his shoulders while finishing undoing the last few buttons at the bottom of Castiel's shirt. "I don't know, man. It doesn't really matter to me."
"Gabriel had specifically wiped my memory of both your phone numbers and the bunker's address. Also, it's not like I could just look you both up online since, according to the news, you and Sam died years ago. Plus, it didn't help that every time I could use a laptop or phone, which was not often, Gabriel ensured I couldn't even attempt to locate the bunker. Every time I tried, he would make the device glitch or shut down. All I knew was the bunker was in Lebanon, Kansas, so that's where I set to go."
"Well...Let's just say I got a sneak peek at how intense it feels to be with you one on one, and I want to know what the real thing would be like."
"Maybe… or maybe your just trying to throw me off track. So, let me think out loud here. You added the words 'with you' to the statement. And in that context, that would typically mean you were actually interested in me. Still, since you refused my previous offer, your interest is obviously not in me, but somehow it's tied to me. Hmmmmm, and you already let it slip that it's a guy, so it can't be any of my group. And the only person I have any tie to here that is a male is… ohhhh, I get it now." She deducted.
Dean went to sit down on the bed, leaving a trail of kisses along Castiel's chest as he lowered himself to perch on the edge of the mattress. He spread open his legs, grabbing onto Castiel's hips to pull him closer so that Cas was now standing in between his legs.
"Really? Was it with one of the girls or even that guy fella you mention earlier that you had kissed?" Dean smirked, hiding his own jealousy deep down. He knew he wouldn't have to admit his own opinion unless Castiel asked him how he truly felt.
Dean stiffened at Castiel's touch. He didn't want to accept any help from him, but he didn't really have that much of choice at the current moment. The pain was unbearable, and he wanted it to stop. If they ever were going to get out of this cave alive, Dean needed to be at his best.
"Hey man, it's okay to be a bit star-struck... I get it's a lot to take in meeting a celebrity, but if you could have your mental breakdown outside and get the hell out of my bunker, I promise we will give you a 20-minute head start." She offered.
"Oh, that's it..." Dean attempted to dart forward, but Castiel tightened his hold on the hunter's shoulder.
"Castiel!" Rachel stated like she was on a game show or something, "Your pupils dilated 0% on both male and female pictures alike. On every picture, your eyes would shift over the person, just one quick glance up and down. It was like you were sizing them up or preparing for combat—nothing more, nothing less. I would presume you were asexual, but we both know that is not the case now, don't we? There was one image that caused your gaze to remained planted on the figure's eyes. The same image increased the size of your pupils by 40%. Interesting, huh?" She winked at Castiel.
"I didn't know how you would react, and based on what happened after our thirty-second or less kiss, I was right in not explaining what I was doing..."
"But it still did happen to you! Jack killed Mary, and you lost your mother. The fact that you either consciously or unconsciously were able to put that behind you and allow him in your dream life shows just how great of a man you are." Castiel said with a factual tone in his voice.
"She has to be a bit mysterious, dark hair, very pronounced features, I've got a thing for blue eyes. She would have a nice ass, and big breast wouldn't hurt either. Your turn." said Dean.
"Dean, it's nice to see you again." Chamuel said to the hunter, sipping tea at the wooden table in what appeared to be the library section of his bunker.
"And there's more!" Dean said proudly, closing his eyes again thus transporting them to the kitchen at the back of the bar.
"Sami, what are you doing? We had the upper hand here." When she noticed Cassie was untying Dean, Deanna said, "Whose side are you on anyway, Cassie?"
This kiss was far different from their first one when they had been mandated to play 7 minutes in heaven (During Round 4). This kiss was full of want and passion. Nothing was forced about it. Well, besides that fact that Dean had no idea it was happening until after Castiel's lips were on his.
"Ughhh, you want me to prove it to you? Fine." She reached over to open the cutlery drawer and pulled out a silver knife which was a lot smaller than the stainless steel one she had just been wielding. She held it up so Dean could see she wasn't trying to trick him, and after he gave her a brief nod, she used the silver knife to cut into the palm of her hand. Nothing happened. "There... is that proof enough for you, or do I need to go the full nine yards and splash myself in the face with holy water?" She asked.
Dean thought about getting up and moving to the floor, but his restless eyes were exhausted, and the bed was far more comfortable than the floor had been on his back.
"As you can see, you never glance away from Castiel when viewing this image, unlike you did with all the others. The other main difference, as you may have noticed, is the increase in pupil size."
"Ok, so let me see if I got this straight," Dean said ignoring Chamuel's recent statement. " So I can speak as I want anywhere except the weird hub room with all the surrounding doors? So, like in rooms 2-5 and the bedroom, I don't have to be honest unless I decide to so?"
"Yes..." Castiel answered. "I actually quite enjoy Mr. Green's writing style, but that's not of import right now. My point is that while I was in my room reading, the bright flash obstructed my vision for a brief second. Once my eyes had re-adjusted, I went to check and make sure that Jack was ok."
Castiel finally met Dean's gaze with a broken look in his eyes. He sighed. "Dean, whatever it is, this is my problem, not yours. There is no reason for me to concern you in the matter."
"Look, I hate having to force you to cooperate with me here, but I promise that it is in your best interest that you do so." Chamuel stated, sitting down into the chair.
The day that Cas wiped Lisa and Ben's memory of him was the day he decided never to entertain the thought of living a domesticated lifestyle again. There had been no point in hoping for something he knew would only burn down in flames.
The dinner went by without a single hitch. The food was great, and everyone was laughing and all around just enjoying themselves. Dean still had no idea what Gabriel had meant about his challenge coming up soon. Was the dinner suppose to be a challenge? Because if it was, he didn't mind this challenge at all.
After a few minutes they broke away panting, matching smiles on their faces. Dean opened his mouth to speak but Castiel pulled their mouths back together again, absolutely nowhere near done. The other man laughed at his eagerness, using both hands to cup his face and slow the kiss down again. “Easy,” he sighed against his lips.
He nodded, letting Dean drag his limp body to the washroom where he cleaned them both up before heading to the bedroom. They kissed gently as he tucked them in, laying Castiel’s head against his chest. He shut his eyes and let the feeling of safety, of home, consume him—forcing away every other thought. There was no room for his worries about Balthazar or his siblings, or Michael, or even how embarrassed he should feel for needy this, needing help. Nothing existed outside of Dean’s strong arms, his warm breath, his affection.
The room was completely silent again. The man slowly set down the glass he’d been holding before turning toward the bed. The dim light pouring in from the window caught his teeth, illuminating an almost dangerous looking smirk. Dean’s whole body was thumping with fear, there was no way he was going to make it to his gun in time and no point in trying to run, Cas was too close. He watched him casually stride over to the bed, running his fingers along the mattress as he moved to stand in front of Dean.
Castiel peppered his back with kisses, using his free hand to rub Dean’s stomach teasingly close to his cock. “A-anna? Are you—” Castiel stopped, confused, had he just said Anna? “Yeah, he’s—Cas?”
Castiel breath hitched, battle for self-control completely lost, as he was unable to stop from touching his hard cock, hoping to relieve some of the pressure. Of all the things he’d expected Dean to say, never had he imagined the man was fantasizing about being rimmed. That Dean got off imagining Castiel giving him anal pleasure was too arousing to bear.
The glare he turned on Balthazar more than made up for the embarrassed pink flush of his cheeks. “Be careful.” He warned, voice icy. “Gabriel is my brother but you are not.”
Panties. Inside were five pairs of expensive women’s underwear—pink satin, white lace, a pale blue with a lace trim, black satin, and a pink silk pair with delicate looking bows around the thighs. Dean’s mouth went dry, palms sweating, head a dizzy mess. In his shock it took him a few minutes to notice that his cock had started to stir, hardening slightly in his pants. No one asked you, he snapped, appalled and confused by his own reaction to contents of the package.
“Vic,” he nodded, plastering on his warmest smile. “I see you’ve made some new friends, gonna introduce us?”
Castiel skimmed the story, shocked by the gruesome pictures of Gabriel and Anna. They looked brutalized, bodies riddled with bullet holes. The violence was excessive, masterful, the kind of savagery that could only belong to Lucifer.
“No you won’t.” He said matter of factly before slumping back down into a chair and pulling out another for Dean. Cautiously, he accepted the seat too tired to stand any more. “It’s too great a risk for me to tell you. I truly wish circumstances were different.”
“Yes.” He purred, pushing into that tight heat right to the knuckle. He thanked god that Dean was still wet and loose from the night before, all ready for him to slip inside.
“Uh, yeah.” Sam eyed him up and down, flicking his gaze briefly to the others. “Are you—you must be Castiel?” He flushed slightly as Castiel nodded and he wondered idly what exactly Dean had mentioned about their relationship. “These your, uh, friends?”
“Nah,” he waved his hand dismissively. “Tried calling a dozen times but the girl wouldn’t answer. So we’re stuck going in cold.”
“Already so wet for me—fuck, baby.” He said, running his thumb over the slit to gather up the droplets of precome, popping the finger in his mouth to suck off the warm salty liquid. Castiel moaned at the taste, the image doing nothing to lessen his arousal.
“Going to jerk off. Touch myself in your bed.” Cas’ breath was ragged, voice low and gravel rough. “Only going to let you—uh—listen. Want you to do it,” he moaned lewdly, making Dean’s cock twitch, “silently. Don’t want to hear a—ah—single—ah—sound from you. Understand?”
For a second, Balthazar seemed to forget himself, mouthing opening around a response before quickly snapping shut. Everyone knew that Castiel wasn’t amenable to jokes, particularly ones at his expense. Balthazar shrunk away form him, pointedly looking out the window. The car returned to silence for the rest of the drive, though it was considerably less comfortable.
“Don’t.” The platitudes were too much, out of place and uncomfortable in an otherwise perfect moment. He wanted to retain the purity of it; to keep it candid, safe from the taint of self-awareness, still like a photograph he could hold on to forever. Even when—especially when—he was alone again, no one left to love him.
“Yes, that will be lovely. Goodbye, Meg.” He tried to sound sincere while fighting the urge to cringe. Just down the hall Dean slept peacefully, unaware that a short distance away he was pretending to be someone else’s lover. It felt like a betrayal.
“I know, beautiful.” Castiel cooed, hands running reverently down all those miles of freckled skin. “I know,” he whispered again and leaned down to suck a possessive mark onto his lover’s neck, fingers pressing bruises into the man’s hips.
The shock rocked through his body in waves and he found himself struggling not to take huge gulps of air. Instead, he downed his whiskey to steady his body. The urge to vomit was even stronger now, guilt and adrenalin and alcohol mixing dangerously.
Castiel moaned and pushed the rest of the way inside, bottoming out quickly. He brushed a hand through Dean’s hair, breathing deeply, trying to control himself not wanting to come so soon. When he had calmed down enough he started moving slowly, pulling out completely then pushing all the way back inside, letting himself feel every movement, swallow every gasp in a kiss. Dean was a mess, practically sobbing, so he dragged his cock out far enough that only the tip was still inside.
Dean’s eyes looked down, eyelashes fluttering against freckle covered cheeks. Castiel leaned down for a kiss, something slow and sweet—something he knew Dean would love. “So beautiful, Dean,” he said, leaning back to look him in the eyes, “meant for it, baby. Meant to submit to me, to let me take care of you.”
“You look good, baby brother. Deano won’t be able to keep his hands off you.” Castiel shrugged into his blazer and finally wrapped his trench coat around his shoulders. “Can we go, now?”
An hour or so later, Dean’s eyes had drooped closed and his cheeks where Castiel could see were flushed and warm. He looked blissed out, the same expression on his face that he got right after an orgasm. The thought drew Castiel’s attention to his own half hard cock and he smiled, biting back a laugh of surprise.
She wandered over to his closet, waving off any further protests. “We need to figure out what you’re going to wear, though. How cute is your bathing suit? Ever consider something tight like a—”
Castiel smiled slightly at him, hoping to convey his gratitude. “I think that perhaps Balthazar is right. We’re not going to get anywhere tonight. Tomorrow we can reconvene and Dean will enumerate his suggestions.” Castiel stood, motioning for Dean to do the same. “I hope that we will all be a little more patient and open minded after some rest.”
“I don’t know. But, okay, one thing that didn’t make any sense to me was why he picked Alastair in the first place.”
This wasn’t meant to be his reward, but from the sounds being made above him, he was willing to reconsider. He watched the other man’s pleasure for a few more minutes before an idea struck him. “Dean,” he said tenderly, watching Dean blink blearily above him. He pulled off the socks and slid his pants and underwear down in one quick motion before speaking again. “I want you to lie on your stomach in the center of the bed, okay gorgeous?”
And that was it. Castiel wrapped his fist around both their cocks and started pumping desperately, erratically. Dean strained his head up, seeking, and Castiel slammed their mouths together. Teeth clashed as they frantically licked into each other’s mouths. Precome ran down the side of his hand and it was impossible to tell whose it was. Everything felt so good he was dizzy; falling forward he had to brace himself with his elbow on the bed, panting hotly in Dean’s ear.
"Cas... Cas... please just wait a minute." Dean stuttered out through his uneven breath. "Look, as much as I am truly enjoying this... which I am, I think we should stop here."
Castiel finally looked up at Dean again, this time with wide eyes. Somehow the angel seemed shocked that the hunter in front of him could not see the difference between himself and his alternate universe doppelganger. "No, Dean. Jensen is not you. He may look like you, sound like you, act similarly to you, but he is far from being you despite knowing how to portray your character on tv. If you don't remember from your time visiting that world, Jensen grew up in a completely different set of circumstances than you did. He has different parents than you did, different siblings. He grew up without Sam as his brother, and that alone is part of what makes you uniquely you. You practically raised Sam... you gave up your own childhood so that your little brother could have one. The nature and nurture of Jensen's situation was very different from your own. So, no... despite the similarities, Jensen is not you, and you are not him."
Castiel just stood there, still in Dean's grasp. He stared into Dean's eyes, searching them like he would find an answer somewhere in there, but sadly it wasn't that simple.
Castiel's tone was far too compliant sounding for Dean's liking. But he was glad that the angel seemed to understand what was going on because he sure as hell did not.
"And how about this? Is this too much for you?" Castiel whispered while his lips were almost touching Dean's.
Cas placed a hand on Dean's shoulder. "Dean, are you sure you want to do this? I know this cannot be an easy task for you..."
"Don't worry, Cas." Dean interjected. "We've got plenty of time for talking later. Right now, there's still one last card on the table, and that means we are one card from getting out of this place. Alright?"
"Yes, they are practically identical to one another. Well, technically, Dea's and his are!" Cassie said, pointing to Dean. "And yours and the man tied to the chair are!" She answered.
"Does annoying have the same meaning as irritating would if placed into this question?" Castiel asked.
Castiel was confused about what all of this meant. Could it possibly be that Dean cared more for him than he had originally presumed? Or was Dean really only saying what needed to be said and done in order to get out of this whole situation?
"So Castiel, I assume you made up your mind by now. What did you decide?" Chamuel asked, her hands folded on top of the desk.
"Shocking, right? And I didn't say that would be the title like I told you it's one of two possibilities. But I don't plan to write a memoir anytime soon or ever in my life, so the question is pointless."  Dean responded teasingly.
"I saw the announcement on Sam's Facebook about the wedding. To be honest, I was a little hurt that I wasn't invited. But I thought I should come on by anyway because we have a few things to discuss... alone."
"It's somewhat similar to the bar Micheal has you trapped in inside your mind, but it's not exactly the same, right?" Castiel asked.
Quickly Castiel turned away from Theo. He didn't want him to see the tears forming in his eyes. But Dean saw it. He saw it as clear as day, and that broke his heart a bit.
Cas looked down and shifted his weight back and forth from one foot to the other. "If what you are saying is what I think you are saying, I would ask what changed? You have made your feelings of our friendship very clear in the past, and if those changed, I wanna understand why?"
Castiel slowly licked Dean's lips and moved his head down to start kissing along his neck, sucking ever so often to the point where Dean was sure there would be bruises. Finally, after a minute or so of worshiping Dean's neck, Castiel moved his position back to ghosting Dean's lip.
"Well, then what is the card asking?" Castiel asked. His wings seemed much more relaxed now since they had returned to resting on the back of the chair again.
Dean must have been admiring Castiel's wings for a bit too long because Cas had suddenly decided to speak up.
The next morning Dean woke up only to find alternate Castiel snuggled up directly against his chest. His eyes were rapidly behind his eyelids, and his nose twitched every so often, which Dean hated to admit, but he thought it was adorable. Dean didn't remember putting his arms around Castiel before falling asleep, so that must have been his unconscious acting for him. Not that he minded it, it felt nice to be able to hold the sleeping man so close. He had never thought of Cas as a cuddler, but maybe he just never thought about it because if he did, he would have to acknowledge that sometimes during movie night in the bunker, he and Cas got pretty comfy next to one another.
"Of course, man." Dean reached across to pat Castiel on the shoulder, but his hand lingered a little longer than he had intended. They also ended up staring into one another eyes longer than Dean wanted to admit.
Dean personally didn't know what to think. So much had happened in the last round that he was still trying to mentally process it all. He thought that he and Cas had finally progressed in their relationship. The two of them finally seemed to be on the same page for once. Dean had never allowed himself to believe that the day would come when he and Cas could actually be together. But, big surprise, it did, and then less than five minutes later, Cas throws him this bombshell... Maybe Sammy was right because, after this experience, Dean began to consider he may really need to go to therapy.
Sam placed his duffle bag quietly on the floor. What he really wanted to do was walk over and shake Dean awake to get some answers. But suddenly, it all clicked.
Dean now had confirmation that Castiel had feelings for him, but Cas never really said what those feelings were. Maybe Dean was just reading too much into all this. Maybe Castiel meant feelings for their friendship or something... but if that was the case, wouldn't he have added Sam in there somewhere.
"Overdramatic???.... Ha.... Trust me, baby bro, I am being just the right amount of dramatic after all the trauma this place has put me through."
"Dean, I think we can all stand living with one another for a few days until we find a solution. I mean, the bunker is more than big enough for all 8 of us. We might as well make use of the spare rooms for the time being." Sammy said.
"Fine," Castiel replied, sounding a bit annoyed still. He leaned over to pull the next card off of the top of the deck. "What's your worst fear?"
"Yes, yes, bath!" Projection Dean said in a very authoritative tone, still facing the toddler at eye level.
According to Chamuel, Cas had two options: he could stay in the cave, which had strong enough warding to keep the empty at bay, or she could strip him of his quickly declining grace, and he would live the rest of his days as a human. Cas knew he would be very little use to anyone if he no longer had his grace to assist him, and he refused to become any type of burden to the Winchesters, which was why Cas had ended up choosing to remain in the cave.
Dean slapped the palm of his hand to his forehead out of annoyance. "Is it too much to ask for a moment of privacy during this entire
When Dean finally reached the glow, he stopped dead in his tracks. For a second time that day, he stood quiet and motionless. There was another person directly in front of him.
"In this timeline, Dad ended up helping me with a lot of cases while Sam was in school. John even took up a few cases of his own, which is how he met Ellen and her husband."
He had no idea how long Dean would stay asleep. The hunting lifestyle never really allowed Dean the luxury of sleeping in, so this was one of the few benefits that the cave actually gave him.
Castiel nodded in response, and they were back at the card table in the cave. It was like they never even left, which Dean guessed they actually hadn't. Both projections just looked so life-like that it was hard to believe they were still in the cave.
"What does it say?" Castiel asked attempting to glimpse the card by leaning over the table that separated them.
Therefore, it seemed safe for him to head on downstairs without the threat of seeing his brother in some scarring, intimate position.
On the other hand, Dean was confused because he was entirely conflicted about his feelings and his friendship with the angel.
Castiel sighed. "Alright... alright..." Cas closed his eyes and took another deep breath. "This memory is one of my favorites because I thought I lost you - I thought we all lost you. The original plan was for you to sacrifice yourself to stop Amara... It had to be you because she was connected to you through the Mark of Cain. I didn't... I would've done anything to have switched places with you, but that wasn't an option. You asked me one last favor - to take care of Sam, and I planned to follow through with that. As you obviously know by now, I failed that task at first, but I was prepared to do anything in my power to get him back from that conniving British woman. When I went back to the bunker to prepare to find Sam, I didn't expect to find your mother... I didn't expect to find you... I don't get surprised often. I have been alive for a very, very long time. But seeing you... that was the nicest surprise I had ever received. I thought I lost you... and when I learned that I hadn't. I was the embodiment of the term ecstatic." Cas blushed and looked away from Dean. His wings began to tremble more.
"Cas, I can't hate you. I've known and cared about you for too long to be able to hate you. But all that is in the past now. Right now, what you did and what happened to mom is something I can't forgive, man. I may not hate you, but I think that regardless of what happens or is said here that after this, we go our separate ways once and for all." Dean uttered. He was using some truth throughout what he said to better disguise the lie. Of course, he didn't want to lose Castiel for the hundredth time, but Dean knew that the only way he would ever falter his grip was if he lost hope in Dean.
"Trouble sleeping?" She asked. Her tone was one of patience, but her fidgeting fingers proved otherwise.
"Oh, nothing...- I just- you know... thought I should put that bit of information out there!" Rachel smirked, pausing between her words as if she wanted to emphasize every bit of her retaliation.
Castiel ran a hand across his face before finally looking at Dean head-on. "It's you, Dean... it's always been you!" Castiel smiled as his eyes glistened a bit. This wasn't an easy confession for him to make, even if they were just kissing a few minutes before now. Admitting his deepest desires to Dean made everything about their relationship so much more real... more concrete. "...For years now, I thought my feelings for you would never be reciprocated. Therefore, I never once allowed myself to hope for what I deemed to be impossible... False hope is one of the worse torments somebody can inflict, especially upon themselves. Hence, why I never allowed myself to consider the possibility... Then we got here, and as you clearly know, things changed between us... I learned that my desire for you wasn't actually one-sided at all... So for me, the impossible became a reality, and it was exhilarating. I may have trouble showing it, but I've honestly never been so happy in my entire existence!"
Dean shut his eyes tight and scrunched his face, preparing dramatically for the impact of when his body would hit the floor directly beneath him.
"Ummm, Hi... I'm uh Misha? And I've known um Jensen for a little while now." Cas stated, all eyes were on him, and he suddenly learned what stage fright must feel like. "Everyone who spoke here before me pretty much summed up all the top qualities of Jensen. So I have no idea if I can say anything that hasn't already been said." Cas stated, and Jensen looked at him with a confused expression, which made Castiel's already rapid heartbeat speed up even more. "But I'll umm do my best. Jensen you... Ummm... you look just like Dean."
"Pretty much, my friend." O'Malley responded in a calm manner which only irritated Dean all the more.
Sam gave a short, breathy laugh. "Of course I knew Dean. I have always looked up to you. I spent the majority of my life following you around. I saw the way you looked at both guys and girls alike when you were attracted to them."
He gulped and became very pale in response. Dean had no idea what she was implying, but he didn't like when other people made Cas feel uncomfortable. That was his and Sammys job!
The two boys had appeared in another section of the cave; however, this one wasn't decorated like the office room was. It had an entirely different type of ambiance to it. The room was circular and quite spacious. There were six doors evenly spread out around the cave walls, and each door was labeled with some type of Enochian symbol on it. However, Dean could only assume that it was Enochian; he never really took the time to learn anything about the language or any language for that matter. The only thing he knew for sure is that those symbols weren't English.
Dean's eyes automatically latched on to Castiel's length, which was now bobbing up and down along with the movements Cas made to take his boxers off. The view was stunning. Dean's licked his lips in nervous anticipation. But before he could get his fill at the sight, Cas was leaning over him, feet still on the floor beside the bed, as he grabbed the fabric on Dean's waist and practically tore it off him.
After showering, putting on a T-shirt and boxers, and brushing his teeth, he came out of the bathroom to find Castiel was already in bed. Cas was wearing glasses and reading a novel by the light of the bedside lamp. When Dean got far enough into the room, he looked up from his book and smiled.
Castiel had to choose. He could either become human and stay with the Winchesters, or he could join Chamuel's program and remain an angel. Neither option sounded great. It reminded Castiel of a saying he had often heard humans use:
"Because I knew you would say no… and I wasn't thinking about the damages that could occur in our own world while we were here instead." Jane said.
"So like an arranged marriage?" Dean questioned, looking sympathetically at the still enraged Castiel.
There was a fancy wooden desk that looked like something you would find in an executive manager's office or something. The desk had a reader lamp sitting on top of it, and behind it stood rows of bookshelves which were all filled to the brim. There was a long couch in the corner of the room that looked like something Dean saw once in one of Sam's textbooks, but he couldn't remember why there was a couch in any of his textbooks. Sam wanted to be a lawyer when he was younger, not a designer. It didn't make sense.
Dean's facial expression became mischievous. "Well, that depends... what do you think I'm trying to say here, Cas?" He rotated his thumb in small circles on top of Castiel's hand.
"I just... I just want to hold off on the physical stuff, you know, make the wedding night more meaningful and all that jazz." Dean replied.
"It usually doesn't take me that long to get a boy's attention, but I guess you two are an exception to that rule. Aren't you?" She grinned at them.
Castiel flushed. He didn't like talking about this with a stranger. They both might be angels, but he had little to no previous knowledge of Chamuel. The two had never met before this cave. "Alright. So what's the issue? It's not like Dean could ever feel the same way for me." Castiel replied.
"AGAIN? Is this really necessary?" Dean exclaimed into the darkness. This whole dark cave crap was starting to get old, and honestly, it was all a bit too cliche for Dean's liking.
"Thank you, Gabriel... As I was saying, based on my ethical code of conduct, I cannot let Castiel change his original decision due to an outside party."
"...hear me out, okay...? Like you said, changing the past isn't worth the risk. So, I can't change the past, and I don't want to change Dean... BUT I can clean up other people's messes!" Sam said.
"Come on, Cassie... all is fair in love and war." Gabriel whispered to his brother so that Dean was none the wiser.
"IT JUST IS!" Castiel exclaimed as he stood up. Obviously, bringing up whatever had happened to him last night had pinched a nerve.
"Ok, but Jack, why did you combine the two bunkers in the first place?" Castiel asked in a calm but authoritative tone.
"I live here, you dumbass!" She said, looking at Dean like he had just escaped a mental ward or something.
"Fine. The name's Dean Winchester, occupation kick-ass hunter, and my hobbies include long walks on the beach and frisky women." He turns his gaze to Cassie and gives her a small wink. Both Sam and Cas roll their eyes simultaneously while Cassie tilts her head in a question at Dean's gesture.
"Just in time, Jared, thank you!" Jensen exclaimed while helping Cas hold the bag of ice to his head.
Dean buried his face into Donna's shoulder. For the first time in two months, he allowed himself to feel the pain of Cas not coming back for him; he allowed himself to breakdown and Donna's arms and cry.
"Like I said, bro... Deano here will explain." He put a hand on Castiel's shoulder. "It was really great to see you again, Cassie!"
"We're here for you, man!" Garth walked over to stand beside Dean and pat him on the back. "We may never know why Castiel made the choice that he did, Sam has tried to reach out to both Gabriel and Chamuel, and neither have the guts or gallbladder to respond to him. You may never get an answer as to why. But in due time, you will be right as rain Dean the Bean."
"No catch, I just wanna help. It's not every day that your older brother gets to reunite with his ex-angel, now human boyfriend."
"Sex Castiel, I'm talking about sex... What attracts you most to a person that would make you want to have sex?"
"I'm sorry..." Cas stated, "But I just can't do this. Maybe the real Misha will be different, though."
"Well, yeah, of course I am." Dean replied, thinking that that was the dumbest question Cas could ever ask.
"No... I don't know how... I have been on earth for a few years now, and I still haven't been able to grasp the most basic of human emotion. They may think I am just mistaken about my feelings towards them."
"We should probably keep moving." Castiel suggested, finally breaking the silence that seemed so eminent around them lately.
"I am not going to take any more magic shit. I wasn't happy with the result I got last time." Dean replied.
When he reached the dining room, employees were scurrying around like ants in a broken anthill. Dean wanted to ask if anyone needed any help from him, but he decided against it since he would probably be no help whatsoever since he never went to a wedding before unless he counted when Sam was forced to marry Becky, which he did not.
"Well, either way, I am proud of you... I am sure that the meds will help you a lot when we fly to Japan in a few days."
"How is the author of this card so certain that we cannot save the world in whatever scenario that has caused the world to end next week? I mean, we would definitely need a bit more context in order to prevent mass destruction as we have in the past, but we have done a lot more with much less, so I find that part of the question to be very offensive to our heroic capabilities." Castiel rambled.
Castiel, on the other hand, wasn't so eager for the game to end. The moment it ended, Dean would be set free, and he would be stuck in this cave of wonders for the rest of his existence unless Chamuel could somehow find an alternate solution to the deal he made with the empty.
Still, Castiel's wings quickly sank back down towards the floor once he started explaining himself again. "Chamuel gave me two options to ensure my safety... I could either stay here and keep my remaining grace, or she could strip me of my grace, and I could live out the rest of my life on earth as a human." He answered.
Dean burst out laughing. "Cas - Buddy - I don't think it's asking you about a sin you take pleasure in." He explained.
Gifs - Google/Pinterest, so I am not sure who exactly created them. If you know the artist, please let me know so I can credit them.
"Because, as she told us earlier, we don't have any other option. And if her intentions are what she says them to be, then maybe this feud between us can finally be put to rest." Castiel said, looking down. "And I actually quite like playing board games."
"What exactly would you and I need to discuss? Dean and I haven't broken any rules or regulations to your game. So there should be nothing preventing us from finishing the final round and being on our way home." The thought of going home sounded so appeasing to Castiel. He never thought he would be able to call the bunker home again, but now that hope was slowly shifting back into place.
The truth was Castiel had only remembered what Dean and Sam had told him about the alternate world they went to (Around Season 6, The French Mistake lol). They were thrown into a world where they were two actors named Jensen Ackles and Jared Padelecki, who only played Sam and Dean on a show called Supernatural. During that conversation, they had mentioned that the character of Castiel was played by some man named Misha Collins. So he must be in the same universe that they were sent to... right?
“I’d make you leave your pretty little panties on, slide my cock inside you,” he spat on his free hand, using it to slick himself. Then he was nudging the flushed head of his dick against Dean’s hole, refusing to actually push inside, at least not yet, savoring low whine that escaped the other man as he circled the tight entrance. Castiel rubbed the head of his cock firmly against the man’s perineum and then back down to catch on the ring of muscle, barely pushing past it.
“Um,” Dean said, dumbfounded. Castiel pinched the rim of his hole, causing Dean to thrust back involuntarily. When he finally slowed the movement of his fingers, Dean swallowed and, trembling, reach over to the phone. “H-hello?”
The moment Castiel slid behind the wheel of his car, wave after wave of suppressed emotion overwhelmed him. Balthazar may have been lying dead in a hospital bed and he wouldn’t know until he spoke to Meg again later, Michael might kill him today, and Dean—he’d lost Dean. He heaved in a breath, angrily wiping tears from his eyes as he put the car in gear. This was no way to behave, he was not this man, and he was not going to lose control like this. Solider, solider, he repeated to himself over and over.
“Fuck, you’ve got a great ass. Made for spanking.” Dean could hear the slapping sound of Cas fucking into his own hand, could hear the punishing rhythm he’d set for himself. Dean closed his eyes, breaths coming out in pants that matched Cas’ own. He imagined these were the sounds of Cas fucking into his body, slamming himself against Dean’s ass.
Hesitantly, he complied, coming to sit on Castiel’s chest a scant few inches from his mouth. Castiel licked his lips, leaning forward slightly to run his tongue teasingly over Dean’s cockhead and paying special attention to the slit that was already leaking precome.
“Chuck raised you? Guy could practically predict every move the police ever made; no one even knew what the guy looked like. You tryna tell me The Prophet was some kinda paragon of virtue?”
“No—this needs to be a visible death. Otherwise when you and Anna are shot, my alibi could be called into question. Michael might even demand I bring him physical evidence of my having fulfilled the contract. We don’t want to incur suspicion.”
“Um, yeah?” He said, silently pleading to any and every god in the universe that no one walk through that door.
Balthazar shrugged, eyes glancing around Castiel to focus on Dean. He raised an eyebrow in question, flicking the cigarette to the ground. “Are we going to talk about your lost little lamb?”
“I won’t tell you again, Dean.” He hissed, wondering if maybe this was going too far. There was a roiling feeling in his gut, not wanting to actually force Dean to do something he didn’t actually want to do. He was about to offer some kind of out when the other man whimpered, a hand falling down to palm himself through his slacks. “You want this, don’t you?” Castiel breathed, leaning forward to rub the head of his dick against Dean’s lips. “Practically hungry for my cock.”
Michael straightened, seeming to finally collect himself. He ran a hand through his dark hair to straighten it. He stood, smoothing out the wrinkles in his suit. “If we’re going to this, we must act quickly. Are there any men you trust absolutely?”
"'s good harder, Cas, please!" He begged, thrusting desperately forward, trying to take more and more of Castiel’s dick. But Castiel just continued the maddeningly slow rhythm, luxuriating in the feeling of dragging the thick flat head of his cock in and out of Dean’s hole, loving the way it caught on the tight rim and made Dean’s eyes roll back in his head. Every few thrusts he’d push all the way in slowly, forcing gaps and whines from the man’s body.
Also, this is Cas' POV and probably it will go back and forth a bit now. Though mostly still from Dean's POV, I think.
“No, no, no. Don’t you Dean me. How the hell did you deliberately hide it in evidence, if I arrested you in public and found the gun on you? There’s no way you could have known we were coming to arrest you. I took the tip myself; I didn’t call for backup until I was at the restaurant. No one could have warned you!”
“Don’t they need you for some big shot lawyery things back at the office?” Dean joked and, much to his relief, Sam huffed out a laugh.
The face he made must have betrayed his thought process more than he was aware because Dean was giving him an angry, disbelieving look. He sighed, “He has have a point, Dean.”
The man smiled gratefully, nodding once then barreling on. “After that it was all kind of a blur, I—I was so scared.”
It took him until Cas was moving his wet hand past Dean’s balls to figure out what he was doing, shutting his eyes and groaning at the sensation of Cas’ fingers circling his hole. Dimly he wondered why his co-workers weren’t waking up, considering how loud they were being, and how long they’d even be asleep for. But any thought outside of the pleasure he was getting from that mouth stopped the moment the first finger pushed inside his body.
“Basically Cassie thinks dad was a saint.” Castiel glared at his brother. “Don’t get me wrong, he was much better than his sons.”
The telephone was, thankfully, far away from the bedroom and he padded over to it quietly, murmuring where to direct his call at the operator. There was a soft buzzing sound as the he was connected, and then a tired voice was cutting through the static.
The sound of the alarm pulled him from dreams of white picket fences and rocking chairs. He yawned contentedly, laying there tangled in the sheets, body thrumming with a strange mix of anxiety and excitement. Despite being worried about the exact nature of Cas’ business, he was feeling thrilled in a way that words didn’t seem fully able to capture. He was happy like, really, really happy. His mind was relaxed, limbs loose and pliant from the night before—the night before, he blushed, biting his lip as the ghost of Cas’ fingers ran up his sides and down his back.
The house was warm and filled with sound and he found himself looking upon the familiar walls as though seeing them for the first time. He chuckled quietly again over Dean’s initial reaction and wondered how much stranger the house must seem now from the inside.
Castiel just laughed. “You police would be out of a job if us lowlife criminals did what we were supposed to. I doubt they were hurt by my actions, Dean.”
When the head of his cock was completely inside they both let out almost pained moans. Cas kept pushing until he slammed himself fully inside of Dean. Neither one of them moved, just panting together. Dean clenched tightly around the other man’s girth and they both luxuriated in the feeling. He was so full and, he realized, for the first time in months he didn’t feel empty, Cas filling that ache perfectly.
Cas’ smiled turned wolfish as their eyes met. “Go make me some coffee and I’ll think about letting you touch me.”
“Cas,” Dean laughed and the sound made Castiel feel even lighter, even more lightheaded, “are you quoting poetry at me?”
“Yeah,” Dean’s breath was hot against his lips, “’s real good, Cas. Bring the other one down, just like I showed you.”
Balthazar nodded, “Yeah, I thought you two were chummy. Is he really going to suspect you’re playing him?”
“Cas.” So maybe he sounded upset and a little needy, but still! He wasn’t allowed to just screw him like that and then walk out forever. “Don’t go.” His voice was small, the words almost a whisper.
“Wait, at least let me give you a ride.” Without sparing another glance at Dean, Castiel ran out the gate and didn’t stop running until he was panting and gasping outside his own front door. His entire body was shaking and sopping wet by the time he got inside, surprising Anna and Charlie sitting on the couch.
Before he could fully register what was happening, his legs were inching closer. It wasn’t until he was standing inches away from where Castiel was cuffed to the table that he stopped, nervous. What the fuck was he doing? Dean swallowed hard. Everything felt fuzzy like he was drunk or concussed or—or something. His brain had shut off, that’s all he knew. His brain had shut off and let his body take over. And his body, well, it
“Charles was a good man, Dean. He’d inherited an empire from his father and tried his best to impose order and structure onto the chaos of random crime. He greatly reduced the number of murders, of petty—”
It took two days to organize everything and get everyone together, the entire time Castiel spent in a frenzy of nerves. Not only was their entire future on the line, but, strangely, the idea of meeting those closest to Dean was in itself an unsettling situation. Over the course of those few days, he found himself racing through every possible scenario—good or bad—for meeting Sam.
A small voice in the back of his head wondered whether this was some kind of trap, like their whole relationship had been part of an elaborate set up to get the whole Lawrence police department in one place and—no. He refused to even consider the possibility. This was Cas, his Cas, if he said it was business then that’s what it was.
Castiel had to stop himself from just leaning forward and claiming those perfect pink lips. Lips made for kissing, or cock sucking—the thought made him smile devilishly and he silently thanked whatever forces had conspired bring him this treasure of a man.
“I suppose we should hope that he does.” Uriel grinned, motioning for Castiel to follow him back through the house.
The look was too much—he was overcome with a sense of jealous, of possessiveness. “Apologize.” Castiel snapped, wrenching open the front door with a little more force that necessary.
It took Dean a minute to get in and when he did, Castiel knew without looking that the man was surprised. He hadn’t expected me to actually be here, the thought made him feel that strange sad feeling and he refused to look up, afraid to betray his feelings.
“Did you touch yourself?” He asked gruffly, coldly, still not looking up to meet Dean’s eyes. There was no reason to turn around anyway; he could feel the bright red blush creeping up the man’s cheeks from across the room. The image was just too sweet. He had to bite back a smile, his whole body consumed suddenly by a bubbling giddiness that pushed all other thoughts from his mind.
“Go wait outside.” Castiel said coldly, eyes hard and dangerous as they watched Balthazar slowly shrink from the room. The second they were alone hands were on Dean’s face, thumbs moving in slow circles under his eyes. Somehow, despite everything that had just happened, the gesture still managed to ease the tension from his body and he let his eyes slip shut. Without his permission, his body leaned forward hoping the other man would pull their mouths together.
It was well past noon and he wasn’t even dressed, just pacing aimlessly round and round the tiny kitchen. His mind kept threatening to return to worries about Dean, the mission, his siblings, meeting with Michael the following day.
“Good.” His eyes flickered down to where he was touching Castiel’s lips. They sat like that for a minute, tension and heat building up between them before Dean finally started speaking again. “Hey Cas,”
Dean’s eyes went wide, mouth hanging open as he pulled back far enough to look Castiel in the eye. Alastair was one of the most notorious serial killers in all of Kansas. No one had ever come close enough to catch the guy, his pattern of victims too random and varied. “Interested?” Cas asked, feigning innocence.
He groaned, pushing his hips back up against Dean’s mouth. Without really thinking Dean opened his lips to the intrusion, letting Cas gently rock in and out.
Finally he pulled away, too tired to take this any further and more than a little desperate to get in bed and press up against all that naked muscle. “The bathroom is through that door,” he gestured to the small door at the far end of the room. “Leave your clothes in the garbage, for the maid.”
He nodded dully, letting his eyes close shut and body curl in on itself. When morning came he woke up with the worst headache of his life, and the uneasy feeling that he’d done something stupid. Like, really friggin’ stupid. Beyond letting Cas walk out the door, he didn’t remember a thing. It was all just a blur of alcohol and the thought reminded him of his pounding head.
“Dean, Dean, Dean.” Cas’ voice brought him back to reality, to the ache of his jaw and throb of his erection pressed against thick, hard muscle. “What would your superiors say if they found out you just blew a prisoner for information?”
“Earlier, you said. You said that you reward your good boys. I just, are there other people that you, that you do this with?”
“I’m,” Castiel began but faltered. In all honestly, he had no idea what he was feeling, what he wanted. “I’m just tired,” he sighed, at a loss for what else to say. He turned to press his lips chastely to Dean’s. “Lie down, I want to hold you.”
Dean nodded absently, heading to the kitchen to get some food together. It wasn’t until he was headed in the direction of the cells, tray in hand, that he noticed how hard his heart was beating. Every step forward seemed to make his legs tremble more, the anticipation creeping through his body. He took a deep breath and unlocked the door, stepping into the small room empty except for the back cell. His feet seemed to move without his permission, drawing him closer, pulling him in.
“Cassie,” he sighed resignedly, “I’ve followed you this far, I’m not giving up on you now. But do you really think this idiot can help us? Because from where I’m sitting, he’s just a pretty face and a set of holes.”
“One more thing—your father’s friend,” he tried to think of an alias that she’d understand. He couldn’t say Alastair’s name over the phone, couldn’t risk the operator overhearing. “Al.”
Dean’s hands came up to run through Castiel’s hair, pull his mouth back for another kiss. Saliva ran between them, Castiel alternating between biting those plush lips and sucking on that wicked tongue. They moaned together, hips thrusting their cocks together through his fist. Dean was the first to finish—body seizing up and coming hot and wet over Castiel’s hand. A minute later, Castiel grunted, spilling across Dean’s stomach and chest.
They stared between one another for what felt like hours, trapped in a pregnant pause, tension climbing and clawing its way into him until he could barely hold back a scream.
“Gabriel,” Castiel warned, cutting off any possible remarks Balthazar could have made on the subject.
Balthazar laughed, clapping Dean on the back. “It’s his love of poetry, really. Encourages all of this flowery excitement in him.”
“This is Cassie’s little bitch!” Gabriel pinched Dean’s cheek and Castiel had to dig his nails into the detective’s forearm to stop him from punching his brother.
Castiel smiled sweetly as he walked back into the bedroom, kissing his perfect boy on the cheek before shucking his clothes and hopping into bed. “Prep yourself in the washroom, after you brush your teeth. Use the lotion on the counter.”
“Dean, enough. Get in the back.” He said calmly, moving to open the back door. The click of Dean’s jaw snapping shut was audible, the displeasure at taking Balthazar’s insults clear, but he obeyed all the same.
Dean chuckled uneasily, “Yeah, I was.” He scrubbed a hand over his face, letting his arm fall across the back of the seat, fingers inches away from Castiel. “Look, man. If you weren’t interested or whatever, you could have just said something. Didn’t have to run away in the rain.”
"NO" Deanna yelled at the same time Samantha calmly responded, "Yes," and went over to untie Sam while Cassie walked over to untie Dean.
Dean had dealt with the supernatural on a daily basis since he was 4, yet somehow seeing Cas left him more shocked than any of the weird shit he had ever experienced.
Castiel saw Dean's discomfort and decided he better continue talking. "I was someone named Misha Collins... and you were named Jensen...Shackles? Tackles? No Ackles! Yes, that's it!" Castiel exclaimed.
"So, then what are you the angel of? Oooooooo, Wait, no, let me guess! ... Castiel the angel of bad timing? Castiel, the angel of avoiding personal space. Castiel, the angel of not revealing important information. Castiel, the angel of..."
"Less than a day, Dean. I had other projects I had to work on; however, this one has always been my favorite."
The wall was smooth and cold to the touch, but it was also completely uneven. Most walls are flat, right? Dean thought to himself. But even he had to admit that he knew little to nothing about the styling of architects, so he brushed the thought aside.
Cas rolled his eyes before settling his gaze back on Dean. "Were you not listening at all to Gabriel and/or Chamuel?" His wings began to rise from their previous resting position, strangely enough, they were no longer shaking, but they did seem to fluff up the longer Castiel spoke. "They said that this would be a longer round than the previous ones! And if you remember what I told you at the very beginning, then you would probably have realized that they are most likely attempting to ease us back into the game. So I suggest you keep all your snarky comments to yourself and stick to answering the questions you are given. Capiche?" Castiel exclaimed.
Regardless, right now, Cas felt warm in comparison to the cold hotel room outside of the covers. He could have stayed right there in bed forever if that was an option.
Castiel was still looking directly at Dean. He didn't know how to respond. Sure, deep down, Castiel knew Dean's reasoning behind his answer; but despite the truth spell that Dean was under, he never thought he would ever admit it all to him. It seemed like he told Castiel the truth willingly, but he couldn't know that for sure. Magic works in mysterious ways.
Dean made it down the hallway at record speed, with Deanna only a few strides behind him. He quickly pushed open Sammy's bedroom door and slammed it shut before she could get a jump on him. Then Dean leaned his back against the wooden surface, making sure to lock it in place.
"Normally, you would be correct. Staying with the Winchester's is something I want to do. But a selfish desire such as that is easily overruled when it comes to the safety of those you care about." Castiel replied.
"I wish I could tell you that it wasn't all the time, but that would be a lie, and we just met, so I would prefer to remain honest. So, the answer to your question is, yes, it is always like that with those two!" Cassie replied.
Castiel kept quiet. Dean wasn't sure why, but Cas was staring intensely at the women when he glanced over to look at the angel. 'Maybe he finally found someone attractive.' Dean thought. But that didn't sit right with him. The way that Castiel was staring at Chamuel was not one of admiration but of confusion. Finally, Castiel spoke up.
Sitting at the map table and sipping steaming hot cups of coffee was none other than Jodi and Donna.
Castiel pulled Dean into a brief hug, trying not to crush the flowers before he stepped back and held out the bouquet.
"You Ummm... you seemed too dangerous at the time. Angels were new to us, and we didn't know how exactly to react." Dean mumbled.
"And who the hell is this guy, and why is there suddenly enough men in my bunker to form a freaking fraternity? I don't appreciate this much testosterone." Deanna exclaimed.
Jensen, Jared, and all the other boys had no clue that Castiel was, in fact, not Misha. But, of course, it wasn't their fault or even Castiel's fault that Cas wasn't actually Misha. It just made it all a whole lot more confusing.
He grabbed some toilet paper to stop the bleeding before walking out of the bathroom. Dean sighed loudly while falling backward onto the bed. He had legit just got Cas back, and now what would his friend think of him?
"Nope, don't dig yourself a grave here, Cas. The fact is Sam, and I forgive you because we get it. This job ain't all black and white. Sometimes more than others, we have to deal with all the grey shades in between, which means the line between right and wrong can get skewed more times than not. If you mess up in this line of work, you accept it, fix it if you possibly can, and then you suck it and move on."
Castiel didn't respond to Dean's question. Instead, he got up from the bed and walked up to the door exiting into the center room. He didn't open it, though. Instead, he just faced the wooden panel silently.
Dean was trying to fall asleep when it happened. A flash of light randomly flooded the outside of his eyelids. However, this light was different from the standard light that would typically fill the room whenever Sam tried to get him out of bed by turning on the annoying overhead light. No… instead, this light flash was a whole lot brighter, and apparently, it didn't insist on sticking around because it had lasted merely a second.
Dean looked into Castiel's eyes and tried to smile as best he could. "It's not your fault Cas, I mean, you didn't know how this would end... You picked what you thought was best, and I - I can't blame you for that. You messed up nothing. Just come back to me in three months and were square, capiche?" His eyes glistened.
After learned about Castiel's imminent return, Sam did the math and marked his calendar for the exact day of Castiel's return.
Dean grinned. "Blasphemy will get you everywhere!" He said while undoing Cas' pants and then tucking his fingers underneath the waistband before pulling them down. Castiel's pants bunched up around his ankles and he kicked them off.
"BOYS!" A female voice stated from behind them. The two turned around to see a beautiful woman with a flawless complexion that stood beside the doorway. She looked a lot like Billy (Death) but younger and a lot less focused on destroying the two of them.
she does." Dean replied sarcastically. "You know what -  I knew this entire program was bullshit. I knew that there was something fishy going on here, but nooOOoooooo, you wouldn't listen. And you know what this means, right? If we can't finish this round, we can't leave. So they've been making us dance around like monkeys for their own entertainment, and now they've spellbound the cards to the table so that we're stuck in here forever."
Castiel once again just rolled his eyes and continued walking. He never once let go of Deans' hand. But then again, Dean didn't seem to be struggling to get out of his grasp anymore.
"So what does my pill give me? Super strength? Teleportation? Super speed? Super good looks? Wait, I already have the last one." Dean said, realizing he probably sounded way too enthusiastic, considering he hated the place less than 5 minutes ago.
"So Dean, you did the same thing that Castiel did with each photo. The first thing you did was give them a short once over despite the subject's assumed gender." Rachel replied.
Dean opened his mouth to speak, but before he could even get a word out, Cas had switched over to his final favorite memory.
Castiel finally looked up to meet Dean's gaze. His pupils were slowly expanding as he stared deeply into the hunter's eyes. "You... Dean, you were the reason I came back here!"
Castiel's wings sagged to the floor as he looked around the barren projection of the Empty. The angel refused to look directly at Dean because he knew that the hunter's face would only make him feel worse about the situation.
Castiel headed down the stairs and onto floor seven before making his way down the hallway, navigating through the narrow corridors until he found room 717.
Castiel sighed. "Ughhh, fine... I get it, but you better bring your A-game that night, or else I'll divorce you on the spot."
Growing up, the two brothers were all each other had. Dean had practically raised Sam on his own, and even though Sam may not admit it, he still looked up to his older brother. Sam knew Dean better than anybody else on the planet. They both had experienced a great deal of loss throughout their lives, but in the silence that followed the storm, Sam began to notice the tole that these three events had taken on his brother.
"What the fuck do you mean it was nothing important?" Dean placed a hand on Castiel's shoulder and forcibly spun him around. "What's going on here?"
"Hell...man - I don't know..." Dean said, running a hand over his face in frustration. "You go first. How many girls have you kissed?"
"Well, it's just usually by now you'd either be complaining that I am wearing too many clothes or if you were in a more testy mood you would hold me up to the wall and-"
Suddenly Castiel's hand began drifting downwards until he was slowly stroking Dean through his boxers. Dean let out an even louder moan than before as he involuntarily thrust upwards to meet the touch of Castiel's hand.
"Well, don't worry, I can catch you up to speed - You, me, Jared, and all the other boys from the cast and crew have gathered together for the bachelor party of the century!" Fake Dean exclaimed.
"Yeah, no, I figure as much!" Dean replied. "But you still have yet to tell me what it was that frustrated you."
"I feel so violated right now..." Dean muttered somewhat jokingly while grasping his forehead. He had just explained to Castiel the extent of what was going on and why Gabriel had appeared out of thin air only moments before he vanished again.
"Damn... okay then." Dean responded, " Just give me a second to think about my answer... hmmm." He slowly began stroking his chin as if he was still actually pondering the question, which he wasn't. Dean already knew his answer, but he wanted to see how far he could push Castiel's buttons.
"You don't think I can beat you on my own?" Dean asked Castiel, lifting his head to send him a glare of a glance.
At first, Dean wasn't quite sure if a pillow had slapped him or if a bird somehow flew into him. Either way, whatever hit Dean had left him spitting a couple of feathers out of his mouth.
Dean was just about to ask what exactly was in the tubes, but of course, Castiel cut in instead. The feathered fly boy really did know how to mess up Dean's timing.
The room once again filled with the sound of moving rocks. "Another cave-in?" Dean questioned, preparing himself for impact just in case Cas jumped him again.
"Is this your pathetic attempt at a true apology?" Castiel asked, obviously trying to hide a grin behind his stoic expression.
What was he supposed to do? Did Chamuel expect him to marry alternate dimension Cas and then come back to the cave and be like,
"Did you really mean everything you said tonight? About me being the light and all that jazz?" Jensen asked.
"No twist, just a slideshow. You both have nothing to worry about." She shrugged and walked away to the corner of the room to give them a bit of privacy.
"Excuse me...Did it sound like I was finished? No, okay! Ahem, as I was saying, the first thing Dean did with each subject in every photo was glance over them. However, if the photo portrayed a male that Dean had never met before, his gaze would remain indifferent. He would still give them a quick sizing up, but then his gaze would always shift to one of the corners of the screen. This is typical of straight men who are insecure in their masculinity!" Rachel stated.
"And lastly but probably most importantly: you have no regard for your own safety. You would jump off a bridge if it meant saving your brother's life. It's reckless and shows how little your own life means to you which saddens me. " Castiel looked down at his shoes, not wanting to meet the Winchesters' gaze.
"Cas, calm down!" Dean put both his hands on Castiel's shoulders and looked him in the eyes. "Breathe slowly before you pass out or something. You were two minutes late. You didn't miss a thing. We kinda needed you before we could start."
Deanna unfolded her arms and moved one hand up to her face to message her head because this whole experience was headache-inducing. "Okay, but like seriously, what's the possibility of there being another pair of Winchester siblings - in America - in the same business that we are - named Sam and Dean? I mean, I suck at math and only have a GED, but it has to be like .00000001%, right?" She asked.
Dean's face remained cold and expressionless despite his brother's joy. "Out of my way, Sammy." Dean instructed.
"Yes... I have. I wasn't exactly happy with either option, but I picked the lesser of two evils." Castiel replied in a monotone voice. He didn't want to give her any ammunition against the choice he made, and his emotions would definitely allow her to make a worthy argument against his choice.
Dean hit his head against the wooden surface multiple times. "Why the hell do we need to continue? We solved our issue, so can't I click my heels together and go home now?" Dean said.
Dean blushed automatically. He couldn't help it, but he attempted to turn away before Castiel could see him. Spoiler alert, Castiel saw, causing a small smile on Castiels face.
"Has something I said amused you, Castiel?" Chamuel asked, squinting her eyes and folding arms as if his smirk was somewhat insulting to her intelligence.
Castiel's wings sunk towards the floor again which Dean had figured meant something along the line of sadness.
"My oldest, Gertie, her middle name is Dean, Dean. I personally pushed for her to be named Deanna, but Bess vetoed that choice. However, I was still able to convince her to let me choose Gertie's middle name." Garth smiled brightly.
After minutes of Dean's mind going back and forth with Rudy, Dean came to his own conclusion. He knew what his next course of action would be, even though Rudy strongly advised against it.
"I just didn't think that would be your answer. I mean, you are an angel of the freaking Lord, isn't there some rule against it?"
"So, what I'm getting here, Cas, is that I'm a part of all your favorite memories!" Dean smirked at the angel.
Instead, standing in front of him was none other than Castiel. He looked a little worse for the wear, but changing from a powerful celestial being to a meer mortal probably isn't an easy transition.
"Well, then you two are as free as birds who get to transfer back into a bigger cage... Yeah, I know that was a bad analogy; I'll work on it. Anywho I suggest you both head to the door labeled room and get some rest. Tomorrow will be a big day for you both. Best of luck, guys!"
Dean's eyes widened. "You mean you're... you're actually Gabriel like... Gabriel from my universe?!"
At first, this challenge seemed to be just going through a weird photo album of stock images, but both Dean and Cas knew that there had to be more to it. Nonetheless, they watched each photo transition to another and then another until finally, the screen turned back to black.
"Yes, sir!" Dean pretended to solute. Cas grinned and rolled his eyes before giving him a quick kiss on the lips.
Cassie's eyes widened, and her gaze shifted from Dean to Sam before going back to Deanna. "Dea, what's going on here?" She asked.
Castiel gulped, finally coming back down from cloud 9. "Of course, De-Jensen. Of course, I meant it... Every single word."
"So... SO, if you had an umbrella and you brought it inside... you would never open it for the sake of your I.Q. level?" Dean laughed throughout the entirety of his response.
"Alright then, well, for what its worth, she or hell, he is a lucky person!" Dean smiled genuinely at Castiel.
Finally, Dean spoke up, "Are you saying what I think you are saying?" He asked while taking a small step closer to Cas.
"I don't... I don't understand. How can I possibly be here if you never ended up making a deal with a demon to save your brother's life? Without that deal, you wouldn't have gone to hell, and you and I would have never crossed paths."
"Exactly!" Chamuel replied as if she already knew about the boys' experience with Gabriel. "However, in here, you won't be playing a role like an actor on a TV show. You will be acting like yourself, and throughout these trials, you will learn more about yourself and your emotions."
Cas couldn't help but let out a small chuckle despite the seriousness of the situation. "No, Dean! Though that idea does sound highly tempting."
downfall. He picked up the card at the top of the deck and was saw that the design from yesterday had changed. It was different this time. A lot more blue and a lot more stars. Dean was also shocked to see his own name written in the text on the card.
Thankfully Castiel chimed in before the silence overtook the room. "I think Dean and I's relationship is strong enough that we could have resolved our feud on our own!" Castiel said.
Castiel was astounded and overwhelmed with emotion at the sight of everyone under one roof. Even though he knew the picture was just a product of Dean's imagination, it was a beautiful sight to see. However, Cas lost his breath from absolute shock when he saw clearly who the other two bartenders were. It was him and Dean. The projection of the two men showed that they were quite skilled in maneuvering around each other in order to tend to all the customers. They seemed quite familiar with the mannerisms of each other, like they had already done this a hundred times before.
They both succumbed to each other's touch. Nothing holding either of them back. They just felt one another's skin on their own and let go of any past prejudice or belief of how things were supposed to be between them.
A tear streamed down Cas' face. He wiped his eyes before turning to face Chamuel. "You seriously couldn't have given him ten more seconds?" He asked with a hateful expression.
They had admitted so much to each other in room 4 without exactly saying what it was that they were admitting to.
"You see the red dot moving on the image side of the screen. That's Dean's eye tracker. The number at the bottom of the screen signifies how dilated his pupils are." Rachel stated.
"It's the truth, Dean." Castiel looked up at him. Then, he exhaled, "You're just going to have to trust that whatever happens, I'm doing it with you and Sam in mind."
Despite Castiels desire to prove to Dean that he could win this game, he didn't want Dean to lose. Dean already hated this entire experience. What if the smoothie only made it worse for him? Castiel didn't want that to happen. If anything, he hoped that the hunter would come around to enjoy this experience, to enjoy the time they spent together, but both hopes seemed unlikely.
Before Dean could even realize what was happening, Castiel's hand was underneath his boxer, and that type of skin-on-skin contact almost made Dean lose it right then and there. He absolutely adored the feeling that this type of intimate connection brought him, but at the same time, he felt guilty.
Dean paused for a brief second to think about that offer. " Ehhh... I may take you up on later, but right now, you are going to tell me who you are and what it is you are doing here?"
"I see. How do you think Dean will react to the news that you aren't going back to the bunker with him?" Chamuel asks.
"WHAT THE HELL, SAMI" Deanna exclaimed, her voice slightly muffled by the wooden surface. "AT LEAST LET ME INSIDE BEFORE YOU START THREATENING ME, BITCH!"
Dean opened his mouth to speak but decided against it. After what he had just said to Castiel during twister, he didn't want to sacrifice the angel getting a full night's rest. It may sound stupid, but in a way, this was Dean's attempt at apologizing to Cas for what he had said. Castiel may not even know that he was awake, but if he did, then he might notice the hunter's effort not to draw attention to the fact that he had just crawled into his bed.
"I know, but both options have possible evils, and it's not like you gave me the ins and out of each one."
"There was nothing there left for me, Dean. You wouldn't even look at me. You still blame me for your mother's death, and no matter what I did, you hated me for doing it. I couldn't..." Castiel paused to look up from the ground and directly into Dean's emerald eyes. Castiel sighed. "I... couldn't stay where I was no longer wanted. We.. we obviously no longer saw things eye to eye, Dean."
Castiel rolled his eyes playfully. "Oh really? And what led you to that conclusion?" He asked, placing his hands on Dean's bare hips while simultaneously toeing his shoes off.
"Going to—uh," Castiel grunted shifting and sliding in even deeper than either of them would have thought possible, "ruin you, baby. Going to spoil you with my cock so nothing else will ever satisfy you again."
