It happened on a Tuesday at 9:47am. Because nothing ever happens on Tuesday mornings, he was completely unsuspecting when his phone rang, fortuitously, between patients. Frowning at Lestrade’s number on the screen with a sense of foreboding, John answered.
The detective surveyed his friend’s back at the window. That was the second time Sherlock had observed John blushing and he was utterly befuddled. Normally he would attribute it to embarrassment or excitement…but John was feeling neither, was he?
“No, “ John shook his head resolutely. “You did what you had to do today, Sherlock. There’s nothing you need to apologize for and nothing you could’ve done differently. You were given no options.” He sighed, looking tired and ten years older. “Let’s just get some rest, Sherlock.”
“It’s OK,” Sherlock murmured.
“I know. It wasn’t just you. You certainly don’t bear the sole responsibility for that. I was getting over…or learning how to deal with---” the darkness swallowed the end of my sentence. I had never spoken to anyone about my trauma. Only Mycroft knew about it. He read it on my face and in my body and had encouraged me to seek help. John’s thumb caressed the back of my hand gently.
“I struggled with nightmares of—well, you’ve seen my back. That was part of it. A lot happened while I was gone. I had flashbacks at first, I was on edge all the time. While you were busy with—” my throat closed involuntarily, stopping my words as I flailed for control, refusing to cry now. I was over it, I had spent hours processing it with a therapist, it no longer had power over me.
“They put me in isolation for three weeks. I think it was three—maybe four. No light, no sound. Only food that came through a slot. They waited until I slept to take my pot and replace it with an empty one. No interaction with anyone. Just darkness. Day after night after day. Endless darkness.” Sherlock’s voice held a deep despair that was breaking John. “I tried to remain sane. I marked off what I thought were days on the wall. I sang every Bach and every Mozart I know. I composed new pieces, I recited the periodic table, I played chess with Mycroft in my mind palace, I reviewed every case I’ve ever solved, I tried every way I could think of to remind myself I was human.” His voice shook and cheeks were wet. John, who had turned to him on the couch, reached up and cleared the tears with the backs of his fingers. “I talked to you. I dreamed of you. Eventually, I hallucinated you. You here, at home, making tea, telling me about your blog, sitting in your chair, running with me, next to me in a cab, across from me at Angelo’s, holding me, wrapped around me on that hard mattress on the floor—“ the sobs tore themselves from him, ripping into the night, and John took him in his arms, held him close, wrapped him tightly now, in a futile attempt to turn back time and be there for Sherlock in his most desperate hour. He ran his hands over the detective soothingly, possessively, pressing kisses into his hair, whispering over and over,
“You have the wipes and extra bags for the bin?”
“This is ok? Me being here, like this? We’re ok?” John read the desperation and naked need in Sherlock’s voice and in his face. It took his breath away and John pulled him close again,
“Good evening to you, too, Dr. Watson, “ Mycroft’s smarmy tone slid though the lines. “Sherlock is…well…”
Realization dawned on the detective’s face and his eyes widened.
“OK, good,” he responded somewhat tentatively, unsure of what was transpiring in this conversation.
“I don’t know,” his voice an octave lower with remnants of slumber. John peered at him curiously in the dim light, aching to reach out and touch him again, to warm his own skin.
“Kind of,” he whispered. John slowly turned his hand over in his friend’s grasp, clasping their palms together.
“Let’s do it,“ Sherlock gently persisted, reading John’s thoughts, as usual. “You’ll regret not going. And my parents really only care to see Rosie. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but older generations in the presence of grandchildren see and hear little else. They’ll have no expectations of you or your time.” The doctor wiped his sleeve over his face, clearing the tear tracks and his nose. He looked up to meet his friend’s earnest gaze. Sherlock really wanted to do this for him. He didn’t miss that Sherlock had just referred to Rosie as his parents’ grandchild, and it sparked a warm glow inside him. He nodded, again, smiling a true smile that was mirrored in Sherlock’s eyes. He took his friend’s hand and squeezed.
“I already called it in while you were talking with Mrs. Hudson.” John smiled.
“You won’t.” Sherlock interrupted. His speech was breathy, his pupils blown. “John, I’ve wanted this for as long as I can remember and I want it to last until I can’t remember a time when there was anything else.” John’s stomach fluttered, his breath heaved as if surfacing from an infinite dive. He anchored Sherlock against him, pressing his face into his friend’s heart.
“Come home, John.” His voice had become suddenly rough. When John met his gaze, Sherlock fought the innate urge to look away, to hide his vulnerability. He was done with that. He was done with sidestepping the truth and covering his feelings for his friend. Life was too short for that—a lesson learned once After The Fall and again After Euros. And as he did so despise repetition, he didn’t need another lesson to prompt him to make a change.
“Alright?” he murmured. “I’m sorry, that must’ve been really painful.” The answering nod rubbed into his chest.
“Hey, we have the rest of our lives, remember?” His palms framed Sherlock’s ribs and didn’t allow for any space between them but Sherlock leaned back to look into his friend’s eyes.
“We are already in one, aren’t we?” Sherlock didn’t deem his question worthy of a response. John was too happy to be annoyed and he laughed lightly. “Yeah, okay, I guess we have been for some time now. Now, we’re just…” he searched for the right word for a moment before Sherlock completed his sentence,
“Sherlock, “ he began. Sherlock looked up in alarm, knowing that John had been behaving differently all evening and detecting a shift in his tone. Tension filled his own chest…maybe John didn’t feel the same, maybe he wanted something different, maybe they were moving too fast, maybe…
“John,” he exhaled and once again brought their lips together, in a slow, heated kiss as he tangled his fingers into short gold strands and pressed himself against his doctor, backing him into the kitchen counter. He felt more than heard John moan into his mouth and then draw back slightly.
“Him,” John said, his voice gravelly as if he hadn’t spoken in days. He cleared his throat. “Michael. He was in my regiment. He did three tours in total. On his last one, just last year, he took a bullet to the abdomen and never really recovered. He died of complications, apparently.” The corners of his lips turned up in a sad mockery of a smile. “Here we are, playing cards. And in this one, he had just told us about his third child being born so we took a congratulatory photo.” He swallowed thickly. “She’s six now. And she doesn’t have her father any more. He’s not going to see her graduate, or walk her down the aisle, or hold her babies.” His face crumpled as he lost the war against tears. He leaned into Sherlock, who slid an arm around his shoulder, tucking his friend’s head against his neck. Sherlock was thankful that he had become more comfortable with providing physical comfort because he couldn’t think of words that would provide any relief at all. He didn’t even try.
The ache in John’s shoulder frequently woke him after a few hours and forced him to roll over and sleep on his other side. This observation was validated by years of studying his sleep patterns—on the couch, hotel beds, his own bed in Baker Street. The double blankets were heavy and soothing on top of us and he turned over carefully, preventing the cold room air from infiltrating our cocoon. In his half-asleep state, he had completely forgotten that I had joined him until we were face to face. I blinked sleepily at him in the darkness, only half awake myself. John inhaled slowly with a soft smile and said in a nearly inaudible whisper,
“Someone’s awake,” John said, lips curving at the corners in a smile that was fuzzy at the edges. Sherlock didn’t know if John was referring to Rosie or him. His breath caught at the warm affection in John’s eyes and he wondered briefly if his heart had forgotten how to beat.
“Ooooh, you’re that bloke who’s always with him, his partner—“ She had the starry-eyed-about-to-ask-for-an-autograph look. Impatiently,
“You did?”
“Sherlock,” he started in a gravelly whisper, garnering courage to speak his thoughts. “This isn’t---for me it’s not—I mean, this isn’t a temporary thing. It’s not a transition period or a trial run or a rebound. This is real, it’s us. I can’t risk losing what we have—“
“Yeah. That was the worst day of my life. The day you jumped. It was worse than getting shot.” Sherlock’s arms tightened around him. He wondered if it was worse than the day John lost his wife, but he didn’t ask.
“I’m going to talk with Molly,” he looked at John anxiously. “Any advice? I’m complete rubbish at these things, as you know. Talking about feelings. Do you think Greg has already told her what happened?”
John let out short burst of air that could have been a laugh if this situation was at all humorous. “Yes, I know him Mycroft. I know him and I can take care of him.”
“You have a key, John. Baker Street is as much your home as it is mine. You’re welcome here whether I have plans or not.” John sipped his tea, giving Sherlock a small smile in response. “I’m going to see Euros Saturday, late morning. I should be back by dinner…if you want to get takeout or something.”
Sliding beneath the covers was like slipping into a hot bath. Involuntarily, I moaned a long sigh of relief, feeling the bone deep chill begin to immediately abate.
“No, I won’t.” They climbed into the back of the inconspicuous black car and Sherlock slid close to his friend and pulled him in to his side. “Body heat is the best way to treat hypothermia.”
“Yes, “ he started, clearing his throat, “About that, I’m—“
“Where is what, Sherlock?”
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock felt something release that allowed him to breathe again. It felt like trust. “Try to get some sleep,“  he whispered and started to move away. John’s arms remained locked on his.
“It’s the craving. It seeps from my bones and crawls under my skin and I can’t be still, I can’t rest. It’s an itch that can only be scratched by one thing. It’s a leviathon rearing, pulsing, aching, pushing out of every pore, and I can’t tame it. I thought being here, being near you would help. I didn’t mean to wake you.”
“I know, we’re back at my shite timing again.”
He gasped awake, drenched in sweat and adrenaline. His chest was heaving as his body was in a maximal panic state. “No,” he whispered roughly to himself, pressing his palms into his eyelids. “Not real, not real, not real.” Before his mind caught up with his body, his arm reached for his phone on the nightstand and he touched Sherlock’s name on the screen. He picked up on the first ring.
“Tindall was in there with him, but Sherlock had just gotten the perp to confess and Tindall knocked on the window to make sure someone got it on record. When no one came in, Tindall decided to step out for a second to see if anyone was still standing at the window and the perp took that lapse to swing his chair.” John’s entire body vibrated with tension, fists clenched. He was irate,
They walked home slowly, fingers brushing, shoulders bumping.
“I needed you already, I just didn’t know it yet. I needed you to come back, to survive, to  give me a reason to stop using and give me a connection, a relationship that was more important than the work or drugs or The Game. I needed you to save me from myself. If you had died--” Sherlock’s voice had become tight with emotion and John turned to him. “John, you have to know how important you are to me, and to many others.” John slipped his hands into Sherlock’s, interlacing their fingers and leaning his forehead into the other man’s chest. He felt Sherlock’s cheek on the top of his head.
“Yeah, let me know how you’re doing tomorrow, how things are going. I want to know. And tell me if I can help with anything.” John’s heart ached for his friend.
“He did? Sherlock did that?” Mrs. Hudson took Rosie from his arms.
Dust motes wafted lazily through the beams of late afternoon sunlight, as John industriously shoved the vacuum around the furniture and into the corners of the flat. It had become his routine on Sunday afternoons, as it had been his mother’s, to tidy up in preparation for a busy week. It certainly never occurred to his genius flatmate to clean and with Rosie toddling around and spending the majority of her time putting things into her mouth, someone had to attend to it. It wasn’t a burden, though. He always went into a somewhat mindful place when he cleaned, the automatic movements clearing his mind of other thoughts and concerns. Rosie was downstairs enjoying a snack with Mrs. Hudson and he hummed to music while he buzzed about their flat. His zen moment was rudely interrupted, however, by a lanky detective bursting through their door.
“Good. Because we’re a family now. And Rosie needs you…I need you,” he added softly. He pulled back, feeling timid yet boldly looking into the detective’s sea-blue-green gaze, needing him to understand the depth of what he was saying—of what he was feeling. He saw love mirrored back at him and without his mind’s permission, his hands were on either side of his best friend’s face and their lips were pressed together, plush-warm-dizzy. He felt Sherlock’s sharp intake of breath and he froze, pulling away, mumbling,
“Better?” Sherlock nodded into his pillow. “Good. Just keep telling me what helps. I know that touch isn’t always—“ Sherlock abruptly reached back and wrapped his doctor’s arm around him, pulling his body close and pressing John’s hand against his chest. The detective felt his friend give a small laugh into the dimly lit room.
“What’s on your agenda today?” he asked, to distract himself from his disconcerting physical response to Sherlock’s smile. To John’s dismay, he had broken their magic, his friend’s smile fading as he turned onto his back.
“Sherlock, for God’s sake, get in here and get warm!”
“That’s not what I meant…” interrupted Sherlock. “Not that kind of proposal—although it could be construed that way if you’re saying—“
“Yes, they have plenty of room. We can stay for the weekend.” Palpable relief was written on the doctor’s features as he nodded slowly. The thought of doing this trip on his own was overwhelming and depressing. But if they made it into a kind of weekend trip, with some positive aspects to balance the negative, it might not be so bad. Having Sherlock with him might make it not so bad.
“What?!” The sight that greeted him, however, gave him a moment’s pause. Sherlock had removed his coat and shoes and stood atop the coffee table, hands on hips, head swiveling around, looking for all previously unseen, surreptitious stashes of cigarettes. He looked like a greek statue, a paragon of beauty in his elegantly tailored, slim trousers, curls tousled, with a pink tinge of pique to his cheeks. For brief spell, John forgot to breathe.
Sherlock made himself stay still until he finished his coffee, each sip agonizingly slow, his fingers drumming impatiently on the table. In the end he probably didn’t quite make it to five minutes, but found himself not caring one bit as he swept up from the table and back through the lobby.
He fumbled in front of him and raised the glass of beer to his lips. He nearly choked on it, and only just avoided spitting it out. It was dreadful.
His mind was still whirling with unease, but he crossed back over to the bed, and slipped in under the covers next to John. He was still just in his pants, which was probably a mistake since it would be cold tonight, but at that moment there was nothing he wanted to do more than feel his bare skin up against John’s, to wrap himself around him and let his warmth seep into his body. So he did – he shuffled inward until he could press his chest to John’s side, throw an arm across his chest and, for good measure, tangle his legs around one of John’s.
Still. It’s not that it wouldn’t be nice to have them around, maybe. Even just to try.
“Where are you in there?” John barely breathed. His eyes bored into Sherlock’s in turn, pleading. “Come back, Sherlock, please.” That same heaviness rose up in his throat again, and he swallowed it down. “Come back to me.”
It was in one of these horrible, suffocating moments – he was in the back of a cab, staring out at the buildings as they passed by without seeing any of them – that his phone buzzed with a call for the first time since the wedding.
His eyes flickered to Mycroft’s hand, and then back up to his face as his voice escaped him in a whisper.
– it felt like I was missing part of myself.”
He cast his mind back to all the carols he knew, and landed on the first one he could think of.
As the solo quietened down to the last riff, Sherlock looked over at John, leaning against the monitor to the left of the audience. His arms were crossed, his shoulders relaxed, and he didn’t look remotely stressed or tired.
John’s heart was thumping hard. He had to say something. He cast his mind around, far away from Sherlock’s gorgeous lips, his eyes twinkling, his perfect cheekbones unfairly highlighted…
“– it’s not too much for me, I
“Certainly it’d be worth it for – what’s the sale right now?” Sherlock looked around at the mass of gold-emblazoned advertisements surrounding the entrance. “Getting the best deal on the new line of jumpers.”
“I know, I know,” he said between kisses, his voice so full of emotion it was excruciating. “God, I missed you too, you can’t
“Hey.” John smiled genially at him. “What are you doing here?”
“There wasn’t one. We checked all possible–”
19. “What kind of book is it?”
The minutes stretched on, and eventually Sherlock stood up, shrugging his jacket back on, then his long coat. John’s gaze darted back to his computer and he pretended to be concentrating hard. Sherlock slung his bag over his shoulder, then flicked his light off, dimming him to just an outline in the shadow. He stepped out.
“Make my wish come true, all I want for Christmas is you.”
“It’s just, I know the old version so well,” he said, lamely.
But he reached out and ruffled Sherlock’s hair, then gave his shoulder an affectionate squeeze.
John stood in the corridor, scanning the crowd for Sam.
“Fuck, it’s freezing!” John shrieked as he surfaced. The water was like tiny icy daggers, piercing him all over his skin. “Fuck!”
He picked it up without thinking. “Hey,” he said. He sounded choked and harsh. “How’s it going?”
in everything. He hadn’t expected him to transform so fully into the pillar of strength John needed, without a care for himself. John knew Sherlock worried about him, knew how scared he’d been after it had happened and it wasn’t clear that John would make it out alive, but Sherlock had seemingly tucked that away now, focusing only on what John needed and how he could make this as easy as possible for him.
“– and I just felt like such an idiot, because…because I think about you all the time, actually.”
David stared back at him for a moment, then ducked his head and looked away, like a coward.
He’d had a chance to calm down a little after John had stopped dancing and returned to Sherlock’s side, and then even more during the cab ride home. John seemed to realize something was off, but chalked it up to just the party wearing on him, and they decided to call it a night about half an hour later.
John’s body stilled.
He shifted the files under his arm slightly, and his smile pressed into an dry sort of grimace.
Sherlock gasped, barely audible. He stared down at the arrangement of dark red roses, flecked on all sides by mistletoe berries and sweeping green leaves. His eyes flicked from John to the bouquet and back again, his mouth hanging agape as though he couldn’t believe what he was seeing.
John let his hands roam along the expanse of Sherlock’s back, smoothing up the planes of his hard, taut muscles. He couldn’t get enough; he felt like he was drinking him in, pulling in his essence through touch alone, the warmth of Sherlock’s body flowing through his veins, building him up, strengthening him. He let his touch wander further south, dipping into the small of his back, pulling a soft moan from Sherlock’s mouth into his.
John was there, lying on the bed in a flimsy hospital gown. His eyes were closed, and he was as pale as death. Somehow he looked smaller than Sherlock had ever seen him, and so, so fragile, but his chest was rising and falling with tiny, fractional movements – he was
Sherlock stared at him.
“Um, no thank you,” the woman said, and turned away.
Inch by inch, he was moving closer. He could almost
John nodded, though he had no intention of letting Sherlock stop for any reason. He leaned up to meet his lips again, sweeping his tongue lightly along the seam before delving in, coaxing a low moan out of him that made John melt into the contact surrounding him at all angles.
– but at the same time, letting Sherlock take control like this, go at his own pace, was so bloody sexy it made his toes curl. He pulled in long, slow breaths, and tried to get himself under control.
what he was thinking. What he wanted Sherlock to do now.
Sherlock watched him as he bent over the maps, pen in hand, making notations in the margins, moving certain officers here and there. He was so precise, so thorough in his consideration of every change, and Sherlock marvelled, not for the first time, at that strange sort of distant, yet heartfelt soldierly compassion that motivated his decisions. It stood so separate from Sherlock’s own calculating approach to the puzzle, but still so necessary; Sherlock’s preliminary plan was designed to catch Sokolov, but John’s input would make sure it played out with the smallest possible damage.
“Sherlock, we’ve gotta get going!”
“Oh, Sherlock, please…” And now John’s eyelids were fluttering, the desire to throw his head back and get lost in the sensations warring with his need to see Sherlock, to look into his eyes as he stroked long and deep within him, to let that heart-stopping adoration shining out of him like the sun envelop him, hold him tight. He tightened his grip on Sherlock’s shoulders, trying to hang on as long as he could before he floated away on a sea of desire.
He turned as he said it, his whole body swivelling in his chair to look at Sherlock. The complete and overwhelming expression of astonishment on his face eclipsed all other emotion.
And now Sherlock had toed off his shoes and unbuckled his trousers. He straightened up, bare but for his tight-fitting boxer briefs.
Encouraged, John hollowed his cheeks and began to suck, taking as much of Sherlock as he could. Sherlock strained against John’s grip, but John held him firmly down, bobbing his head slowly up and down, setting a maddeningly slow pace that had Sherlock keening and moaning and gripping John’s head tightly, urging him to give him still more. John sped up slightly, but held back just enough, just enough to keep Sherlock from going over the edge.
“What’s so funny?” John asked, his brow furrowed.
December raced by, John couldn’t believe how quickly. He’d expected to be counting down the days until he left with desperate impatience, but time sped along so rapidly that he almost couldn’t believe it when he saw that his flight left in less than 24 hours. The excitement simmered over inside him, and all too soon he was throwing clothes into a bag and stepping outside into the pouring rain, rushing for the tube.
11. “This stuff better be good.”
“Excellent,” Sherlock grinned, and he released John’s hand. “Go on, then, I’m starving.”
Sherlock shook his head; he wasn’t prepared to deal with this. He couldn’t even muster up the standard bemusement that Mycroft was clearly anticipating.
“But,” Sherlock turned towards the camera and put on his best charismatic face. “Very,
Forty-five minutes later, and Sherlock was sprawled out half-upside down over the sofa, focusing sharply. On the television screen, Westley was leaning over Buttercup, saying the familiar lines.
John held on too long. When Sherlock finally released his grip, John’s hand felt like it was about to freeze completely.
He played through the song until it was saturated so thoroughly in his mind that he couldn’t think straight anymore. The sun had long gone down, the winter darkness settling in early. Sherlock suddenly realized that he was, in fact, starving. He put his violin away, wondering if Dad had saved any of those chicken kebabs.
like this, I just can’t, I can’t go back to this, Sherlock, please, I need…I need…”
Mycroft clasped his wrist tighter, and Sherlock’s eyes shone.
“It’s written in the wind,” Sherlock sang out, his voice breathy. “It’s everywhere I go.”
“But – others, she was pretty damn clear about.”
John felt his heart kick up a notch. Their chests were parallel now, they would be touching if Sherlock leaned down a couple more inches. John could count the little freckles dotting Sherlock’s long neck. He had to remind himself, once again, that he was at work.
Exactly forty-five minutes later, the doctor reappeared.
John paid the cabbie and, for the first time, stepped up to the door and knocked.
“Are you sure?” he asked, quietly. “Do you need me to –”
John swallowed painfully, and let his head hang heavy between his shoulders. He kept his lips firmly shut, knowing that if he opened his mouth, he would lose control completely.
The man slammed the driver door shut and turned around, and John’s throat went dry.
“It’s my job to worry about you.” There was a smile in Sherlock’s voice, but he was holding himself a bit more tensely than usual. It was subtle, but it was there in the way he was sitting up just a little too straight, in the gentle pattern he was tracing up John’s arm that felt a bit more anxious than absentminded.
“What do you think?” he asked him. “Could I be a proper Frenchman?”
“H-hello,” Sherlock stammered out. “Is…John in?”
John’s breathing evened out into sleep almost immediately, but Sherlock didn’t even close his eyes. All night, he laid there watching John, so peaceful, so fragile, Sherlock couldn’t bear to let him out of his sight. Outside, Sherlock could hear the occasional footsteps of someone passing in the hall, or a gurney squeaking by with a muffled clanking sound, but there was nothing to enter this quiet, delicate space where Sherlock could hear every beat of John’s heart, feel every breath against his neck, see every flutter of movement as he dreamed, and know that as long as he was here in Sherlock’s arms, he was safe.
He can’t reach it.
John was pointing at
“And I never will, because he’s too good for me,” John added under his breath.
“See, we don’t need luxuries like a
He’d tried to keep his voice light as he said it, but it came out oddly constricted, and John wasn’t surprised in the least when Sherlock stepped up beside him.
to look away, ever. He held himself in Sherlock’s fathomless gaze, and gave a small shrug of one shoulder.
John ignored all of them, and hurried back down toward the high street, barreling towards the first cab he saw.
bad news,” Dad said. Sherlock looked up at him. There were bags underneath his eyes, but the lines around them were creased with understanding. He was running a hand through his greying hair. Sherlock knew it hadn’t been so white last year, or even a few months ago.
He reached for John’s hand, and they bowed together.
At long, long last, the driver finally pulled up onto a street that stretched straight on out, seemingly forever.
John was so close now. His face was inches from Sherlock’s. He could feel his breath on his cheek.
Sherlock’s eyes darted to the staircase, at the feet descending it, at the voice that Sherlock would recognize anywhere in the world.
“Hello?” he huffed, tetchy.
“So were you.” Sherlock’s voice was barely above a murmur, his smile slight but displaying the entire fullness of his heart.
John looked just as unsure, and after a second of uncomfortable silence, turned to leave again.
His head snapped up. John was looking at him quizzically, clearly having noted the sudden change in his mood.
“Marry me.”
The hand cradling John’s jaw pushed back to thread through his hair as Sherlock angled himself gently to kiss him with more intensity. His tongue swirled along the edge of John’s bottom lip, almost teasing, and John could hear his own breath coming in shorter, quicker. Sherlock added a bit of pressure, no teeth, but then gently sucked the lip between his own and John felt a long, deep groan bubble up in the back of his throat, letting it out in a harsh rush of air in the scant space between them.
Any reassurance he could make would sound so massively inappropriate.
This job might be a bit more complicated than he’d planned on.
“Well,” he said, sounding unsure. His cheeks were pink from the cold.
“Do you think everyone knows?” he asked, lowly.
“He’s right though, isn’t he?” Sherlock mumbled.
John swallowed, hard. The thought sank through him, slowly, and he let it give him a second or two of respite as it passed by.
smaller than the last time when it had seemed to take up the entire
Something heavy and powerful rose up in John’s throat.
Sherlock leaned back in his chair and ran his hand back through his curls. “Oh, God,” he murmured.
For some reason, Sherlock felt the sudden urge to burst out laughing.
He dropped Sherlock at his house on the narrow, cobblestoned street, and watched him until he’d slipped inside. As soon as he was gone, the sun seemed to set all at once – the area became darker and colder, the long lonely night reaching out to swallow him.
Sure enough, down on the kitchen table was a plate of food covered in foil and still warm, and Dad was smiling at him from the sitting room where he was reading a newspaper.
He was exceedingly glad when Mrs. Hudson broke the silence. “Well, at least one of us should get some rest. For tonight, anyway.” Her voice was a bit strained, but she managed to mostly maintain her sunny disposition. “I know when my sister had her heart episode, I didn’t sleep for a week!”
“Unless…” Dad stooped down, looking between Sherlock and the door behind the counter.
Then, Dad hunched over a little bit more to catch Sherlock’s eye, and Sherlock turned to face him.
“– I’d better answer that,” he whispered, finally.
He rattled off something about the news story coming up afterwards, and Sherlock turned back towards John outside, hoping to share in the laughter with him. But John’s head was hanging down between his shoulders, shaking back and forth.
The dread evaporated from Sherlock instantly, and he felt a little guilty for how light he suddenly felt. But then again, John didn’t look especially upset about it, either.
John’s face flushed hotter, but Sherlock just nodded again and went into the house, without a word.
And he was smiling again, and John knew it could light up the entire street.
Sherlock’s stomach twisted into a violent knot of revulsion as the thought of John, alone in that room with the President, probably with no option but to let him do or say whatever he pleased…and then having Sherlock burst in on them, and seeing him frightened and humiliated…
John pulled off for a moment and looked up at him with concern in his eyes. “Are these walls soundproof?”
A hiss of static sounded over the line, indicating a sigh from Mycroft. “Sherlock, I…”
It was a bit better in the morning. John managed to wake up with the sun streaming into the bedroom window, earlier than he’d done so far since he’d been home. Sherlock was already awake, as usual, and leaned over to kiss him good morning before pulling him out of bed to half-lead, half-support him towards the bathroom to check his stitches and change his bandage.
Sherlock had once shot. He waited, watching the guard’s movements…
Sherlock stood, rooted to the spot with his arms crossed tightly over his chest.
“Oh,” said the man called Tony. His hands were resting on the shoulders of the young girl in front of him. “Well, maybe you should come on later, John.”
She didn’t laugh. She looked from the hors d’oeuvres to him, then shook her head sharply. “No, thanks.”
Mr. Holmes turned back to him, and he let out a small, understanding “ah.”
John shook his head, but didn’t have time to dwell on it. It seemed like the entire Portuguese quarter was following them now, and Mr. Holmes had turned onto the next wide road.
John shouldered his way inside. There was a woman behind the front desk whose face was buried in a romance novel, and she started a little at the sound.
, though there had been nothing dodgy in his contract to make him worry. John guessed this was either the world’s most expensive porno, or else a strange experimental art film. He wasn’t too bothered either way, though, in the end. It wouldn’t be his first time in either genre, and a job was a job.
“Hello.”
John’s lips were set in a firm line, but the look he was giving Sherlock was knowing and sardonic.
They sounded fairly good, Sherlock thought, as his fingers leapt back and forth across the neck of his instrument. They’d finally gotten their harmonies right in the last couple rehearsals, and the theatre amplified them nicely along with the drumbeat and the guitar and Sherlock’s riffing. This was just a preamble to the main attraction, though. Sherlock’s mind was already racing far ahead of what his fingers were playing.
“Disabled for the next fourteen minutes, on Mycroft’s command” Even here, in the adrenaline-fueled chase of a high-stakes break-in, Sherlock couldn’t quite keep the sneer out of his voice as he said his brother’s name. John clearly heard it too, and let out a single breath of laughter.
Sherlock let it go on, let the minutes slip by as he brought himself fully back to his surroundings. He blinked open his eyes, wincing at the light. Mycroft was scratching lightly at his armrest.
the country.”
But John’s eyes had stalled on what Sherlock was wearing – a colourful, knitted Christmas jumper, with a vibrant collection of horizontal, snowflake-patterned lines wrapping around it.
“Uh…” he said, thrown slightly. He composed himself, turned back. “Or, when I hang up, I’ll be flooded with invitations to quite a few glamorous parties.”
“Sherlock…” he said, just above a whisper. “You…oh my God…”
“Shh, it’s alright, John,” Sherlock whispered, so gentle, so soothing. “You’re alright now, I’m here, you’re alright.”
John shook his head, running onto the dock.
“Not yet,” Sherlock said, a bit of a glint in his gorgeous eyes. “But I should have some of them done by the Christmas party.”
He held the scarf in place with both hands – red seeping through blue at a panic-inducing rate – and applied pressure, making John let out a low, strangled groan.
The caroler’s voices warbled on sweetly from the player at their feet.
Sherlock blinked, his gaze shifting out of focus. The room, his desk, Mycroft, all blurred into indistinct shapes, none of them seeming real.
John’s heart was hammering against his ribs as Sherlock pulled onto the main road, barely noticing that he was driving much more quickly than he should have been. John stared determinedly out the front window, almost afraid that he’d burn himself if he looked at Sherlock directly, and jumped, startled, when Sherlock’s mobile rang from where it sat on the centre console.
Dad gave a little shake of his head, without missing a beat. “Tell him, then.”
Sherlock, Mrs. Hudson?”
“Okay. Yeah,” John agreed. “Be right there.”
“Yyyeah,” Sherlock said, dropping his arm and clapping his hands together. “Gavin –”
“Well,” he went on, haltingly. “I just – needed John…”
Sherlock let John close the door behind him, then followed him up the stairs into the flat.
John fought to keep the lump that had appeared in his throat from spilling out.
Sherlock nodded once, a stiff jerk of the head, then slowly turned to leave.
“…I have to go, actually,” he said, in a quiet voice.
wanted to believe he could.
It was an age before he could navigate though the packed shelves to find the pair of gloves he was looking for, and then even longer to stand in line while the sales clerks pitched offers to the dozen or so shoppers in front of him. Finally, after an excruciating one-sided conversation with the much-too-cheerful girl behind the counter, he left the department with a box under his arm and picked his way towards the jewellery section, but when he got there, a sight greeted him that made him stop short behind a rack of scarves.
“Will it make her better, tonight?” Sherlock breathed against John’s lips.
And whatever it had been, whether Magnussen had been harassing John or John had been flirting back, whatever it was…John didn’t want anything to do with Sherlock anymore.
“You mean….?” He left the question open, the weight of this moment leaving him floundering and inarticulate. Could his best friend want the same thing? Did he want more?
“Come on,” he whispered. “Let’s go to bed.”
“Thank you,“ the detective whispered, gaze averted down at his hands. John reached over and took Sherlock’s restless hands into his own. His friend relaxed into his touch.
“I have no idea how you know that,“ he murmured, returning to pouring the coffee. He set a mug in front of Sherlock and sat across from him. “Sherlock—“ he started, sounding hesitant. His friend’s eyes flicked up nervously from the paper, painfully aware of the sudden change in John’s tone. Perhaps he regretted letting Sherlock stay in his room last night. Perhaps he was going to tell him that this really wasn’t going to work out, spending so much time at Baker Street.
“Greg, what if—“ John felt Sherlock’s hand on his arm, squeezing with urgency.
“You can tell me. Or not. We can just sit here.” John returned his gaze to the ceiling and closed his eyes—hoping the deflected intensity would draw Sherlock out of his protective shell.
He slowly rounded the corner into the sitting room and paused. Sherlock was curled into a long-limbed, tightly wound ball in the center of the couch. He was breathing rapidly, shaking slightly and was possibly…crying? John’s heart clenched and he swallowed. He quelled his immediate urge to rush to the couch and touch his best friend, to comfort him and ask him to talk about it. This could be his chance to be there for Sherlock in a way that allows him to open up and finally tell him what has been plaguing him. The doctor didn’t want to startle him in this vulnerable moment and prompt a skittish “I’m fine” followed by a swift bedroom evasion. He softly made his way to the sofa and eased onto the cushions beside the man he cared about most on the planet. He sighed, leaning his head back and closing his eyes, his arm stretched out casually into the space between them.
“Very well. Look after him, please.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“By help, you mean….”John wondered suspiciously. He doubted that he and Mycroft Holmes had the same definition of help.
“Well, then, Rosie and I will be over this weekend, if you don’t have any plans.” Sherlock wondered why his friend sounded tentative.
“Do you think….I mean, would it help if….what if Rosie and I just stay. Here. With you. All of us, together, I mean.” John winced at his own stuttering statements. He had meant to propose it much more coherently. What was wrong with him, anyway? “What I mean to say,” he swallowed and started again, slowly, “is can Rosie and I move in?” Sherlock was frozen, coffee cup halfway to his lips, similar to the way he had stood in the living room the night prior. Anxiety crashed over John and he rushed ahead, focusing on his toast. “If not, it’s OK, it’s all fine, our flat is fine, actually—“
“Recognizing it. Celebrating it.” John laced their fingers together in contentment.
“And I’ll cook a proper dinner for us tomorrow. We can’t do takeaway every night.”
“Probably, but we could text him to find out before you go. Just be honest with her, Sherlock. That’s all you have to do. Be honest about what was happening at the time and about how you feel.” The younger man nodded.
“Since the beginning. Since the day you walked into Bart’s and found me in the lab.”
“You ok?” he asked softly, not wishing to break his reverie, but concerned.
“You’re amazing, Sherlock.” His friend looked at him quizzically.  “You hide so much empathy and kindness behind that haughty façade of arrogance. I feel incredibly lucky to be allowed to see this side of you. The real you.” Sherlock ducked his head in the face of John’s candor and again glanced up at him through his lashes. This time, John’s smile grew and he allowed himself to feel the tingling warmth spread from his fingertips up through his chest. That sensation was worth some private consideration. He rose from his chair and stepped to the window, viewing the shadows of the cool night that had settled over London.
“She was more a mum to me than Victoria, I was so young when she passed. I remember her a little; mostly I remember Wendy as a vibrant woman who loved gardening. Both Sherlock and Martin had these fluffy heads of hair when they were little—they’d play among the flowers and the shrubbery for hours…” Mycroft reminisces.
Somehow, though he knows he’s almost always right, he seems more comfortable in his own skin and doesn’t let his mouth overrule his brain as often as he did prior to being dead.
Toby laughs as she takes the chair next to him. “You already know entirely too many of my secrets, so I’m not going to give you one more.”
Sherlock doesn’t answer that, just steps into John’s space and starts walking him backward towards whatever convenient wall presents itself. He snags the back of John’s head with one hand and tilts John’s face upward in order to kiss him. Sherlock kisses John as if he’s dying, trying in his own way to erase the hurt he caused four years ago.
“Sherlock, you may have a concussion. I’m not letting you wander about London on your own. I’ll get you settled and resting at home and then I’ll go pick up Rosie and get your pills on the way.” The detective gave him a weak smile just before the nurse arrived with the cast.
“John!” his flatmate shouted, yet again. John’s mellow mood was rapidly dissolving and he stuck his head around the corner to bark,
“Want to see if take away and telly gets you sleepy? That’s worked in the past,” John gently suggested. Sherlock nodded.
“Sherlock,” the doctor whispered thickly, fighting tears. “I’m sorry for the way I treated you after Mary’s death. I was horrible to you and you didn’t deserve it.”
The following weeks were busy. At first, Sherlock was away for days. He was at Sherrinford with his parents and Mycroft by day, staying at their places at night. Their family had so much to work through as the dust settled and they were all anxious to see where the pieces had fallen. The brothers seemed to have reached a new milestone in their relationship and stood together in the wreckage that was their history. They needed each other. Sherlock and John stayed in touch by text, feeling slightly uneasy without the constancy of the other, particularly in this tenuous repair state of their friendship. Finally, John went with him to visit Euros and to walk around the old Holmes homestead. John had no desire to see the sister—the woman who had nearly killed him as well as others whom they cared about. But he wanted to be with Sherlock, to support him, to stand with him as he gazed at the ruin of his childhood home while memories moved like ghosts through the rooms of the detective’s Mind Palace. They talked. Sherlock shared what their family had been brooding and bristling about, how he had been coping and he tentatively shared his hopes of forging a relationship with his sister. John listened and accepted. He would accept everything the detective had to bring to their friendship now. He was done with rejecting and denying and lying. His heart was open. This is what Sherlock had taught him and continued to teach him daily. The physical aspect of what they were, of what they were becoming, was growing easier between them. As they ambled around the island, Sherlock quiet and pensive, lost in his thoughts, he hovered in John’s heat, often brushing a hand or leaning into his shoulder. It felt comfortable, accompanied by a sigh, as if they had always been doing it, or perhaps always should have been doing it. Though they didn’t share the thought aloud, they were both hopeful that they would always do it.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed, and that
“‘Come on and let it snow,’” Sherlock finished for him, face twisting. “Just awful.”
Sherlock hand had suddenly tightened as he stroked more sharply downward, smearing the liquid pooling at the tip along his fingers to ease his way, and the motion sent waves of pleasure coursing up along John’s spine, his hips stuttering up into the contact.
A strangled sob escaped Sherlock’s throat, despite his best efforts to swallow it down. He pressed his face into John’s neck and inhaled shakily, trying to draw John’s scent and warmth into his lungs to calm himself down. He needed to get himself under control; there was no need for this, John was
There was a curl falling over his forehead that he occasionally had to brush away as he sat with his shoulders hunched. The fingers of his left hand were drumming at the desk while his other hand sketched – long, slender, and graceful. He’d taken off his suit jacket, which was now hanging over the back of his chair, and the lines of his muscled arms could be seen underneath the soft fabric of his shirt.
“Mmm,” John let out, a breathy half-moan, half-sigh. He dipped his hands lower, and grabbed two handfuls of Sherlock’s gorgeous arse. Sherlock hummed appreciatively, and canted his hips forward.
“Never,” John shot back, and a satisfied grin was creeping up onto his face. “I’m John Watson, God of Sex! I’m just on the wrong continent, that’s all.”
Sherlock was astonishingly glad to arrive at Harry’s flat. He returned her hug with enthusiasm, even gave one to Di as well. He surprised even himself by how cheerfully he acted throughout the evening; he laughed at Di’s painfully unfunny jokes over dinner, gave some enthusiastic work anecdotes, and was the first on his feet after pudding, insisting that he clear up while the others went through to the sitting room to chat.
“Yeah,” Sherlock said. He pressed his lips against John’s temple. “It’s just one night.”
Sherlock tugged John’s face toward his and kissed him passionately. John melted against him, breathing desperately between his lips, one hand cradling Sherlock’s face, the other arm curling around Sherlock’s shoulders and holding him close as if he would somehow slip away.
Sherlock didn’t answer right away. John knew he was still thinking about the exam from this morning, and waited patiently. After a moment or two, Sherlock turned slowly away from the window where he was watching the city pass by, and fixed him with a bored sort of look.
The crowd behind John cheered and whooped. Diners stood up, their meals forgotten. The entire place began to applaud, shrieking and hollering with well-wishes and congratulations.
Beside him, Sherlock had turned away, and was laughing quietly in the direction of the window.
John sighed gratefully, turning into Sherlock’s touch. It was warm and firm, but John thought he detected the same hint of anxiety that he’d felt yesterday, the same that he’d seen in Sherlock’s eyes that morning.
“Oooh.” The woman made a guilty sort of grimace, and sucked the air in through her teeth. “We’re actually all full for our doubles tonight, I’m so sorry.”
But he was just as useless trying to read, as it turned out. His eyes kept slipping over the words, unable to absorb them, and he found himself staring into the unlit fireplace, his mind dancing around in scattered circles. John rested his chin on his hand – his head was feeling heavier, and he needed to support it so he could stay awake, but the more he tried to concentrate, the more he felt his eyes drifting in and out of focus, the sitting room blending into a haze…
He lingered under the warm spray just long enough to feel some of the tension ebb away from his shoulder and lower back, and there was a pleasant current of warmth underneath his skin. He stepped out of the shower with that pleasant feeling that the air in the flat was outside of him, rather than a part of him. Feeling thoroughly loosened up, he gave his hair a quick towel dry, then pulled on the nearest dressing gown – Sherlock’s red one, as it turned out – then opened the door to the bedroom.
He smiled to himself, and the world felt brighter and more inviting to him than it ever had.
He clenched his jaw, but the shake of his head was slow and weary. “Don’t, Sarah, just…” he raised the phone to his ear. “Just don’t.”
, and it would be so easy to lean in just a few inches and close that gap…
, John.” He didn’t look up at him as he said it, but John swore he saw something sparkle in those brilliant blue eyes. Something John hadn’t yet seen, or maybe something Sherlock hadn’t been able to say.
No, it might as well be now. It might as well be done with.
it was a mistake!” Dimmock was saying, impassioned. “You think America’s gonna want to deal with us now?”
This was…this was something new, entirely.
Sherlock couldn’t contain his gasp this time. His entire body was on fire, burning where John’s lips had brushed his skin, just for a second and yet had branded him with the most precious of marks, a mark Sherlock would feel there as long as he lived. For all time.
John nipped at Sherlock’s bottom lip playfully, then pushed himself up off of Sherlock and swung himself off the bed, divesting himself of trousers and pants as he went. Sherlock sat up a little, admiring the view of John’s plush arse as he crossed the room and pulled open the closet door, loving the way it curved as he crouched down to rifle through Sherlock’s suitcase.
“Thank you, inspector,” Sherlock replied as cordially as possible, despite the massive kick his heartbeat had just taken.
Sherlock scanned his face. He was serious. He really
, as if this were the most fascinating thing they’d ever heard.
“I should have done more,” he murmured, finally.
John was sitting in an old armchair across from her. The sterile feeling of the white walls and shining floors made her look even paler than usual. She wasn’t smiling. There were lines around her mouth, like she’d been holding that resentful face for days without moving.
“Yeah, I’m fine.”
John looked back down, and his insides fluttered when he saw that Sherlock was smiling up at him. That bright, genuine smile, flushed with shyness, but still evidently delighted.
“Painkillers tonight? Or can you sleep without them?” Sherlock’s fingers dipped under the hem of his shirt briefly as he tugged it down, sending warmth spreading up through John’s chest.
in that moment.
“Sherlock, you know as well as I do how much is left to chance out in the field.” Mycroft’s voice had taken on an urgent sort of decisiveness. “It could just as easily have been you in there, no matter what you had done.”
John took a step back as the man straightened up. The lighting people began puttering around, making adjustments, and the director called for some new camera positions and some extra supplies.
Their lips brushed once over each other, unsure, then after a moment’s hesitation, pressed lightly together. Sherlock’s other hand came up to cradle John’s skull, threading through the fine strands of greying hair at his nape, and a second later he felt the small weight of John’s palm sliding across his shoulder and coming to rest at the centre of his back.
“Crostini?” said a deep voice behind him, making him jump.
“Sorry, guys.” The AD had burst back onto the set. “Time’s pretty tight, and we have to get the actors in.”
That such an enormous heart could exist in one modest, unassuming man was eternally mystifying to Sherlock. That that man had wilfully given that enormous heart to Sherlock, without condition or demand, without question or protest, was even more incredible.
“Sherlock?”
“I know.” That same uneasiness flashed across Sherlock’s face again, worrying his lips into a thin line for the briefest of moments before evening out. “But we’ll get you fed, and showered, and I’ll make the tea strong – that should help a bit. And Mrs. Hudson’s been nagging me about wanting to cook for us, so she’ll keep us busy for a while today, I’m sure.”
“Alright.” Sherlock paused for a moment, then stood up stiffly. “I’ll get some to keep by the bedside, just in case.”
She looked back at him, with a guarded expression. John picked up a lump of the pâté and popped it into his mouth.
He sighed once, trying to convey his incredible gratitude without words, and turned back to tug the ribbon off of the box. He pulled the lid off and resting inside, on the navy satin lining, was a shining pocket watch, with a smooth silver case embossed all along the edges with swirling ornamental designs.
There was a light dusting of snow outside that was slowly melting, and lights of all colours were sprinkling a festive glow all along the street. Traffic inched along, last minute shoppers scrambled up the sidewalks, but inside the large, bare sitting room in Sherlock’s 10th floor suite, everything was quiet.
It opened almost instantly, with a slew of people apparently about to flood out of it. A middle-aged couple with three children in front of them, and two younger women pulling on their coats, all saw him and stopped in their tracks.
Dad was pushing his way towards him through the crowd, looking as though he’d just won the lottery.
The doorknob rattled loudly, snapping them both out of the spell and forcing them to tear their gaze away with the utmost reluctance. They raised their weapons in unison, both sucking in a steadying breath as the door was unlocked and swung wide into the room.
John could only huff out a harsh gasp as Sherlock stroked over his prostate again, his vision going white.
was, he guessed it wasn’t Portuguese.
“The tumor is shrinking,” he said.
“Oh,” he said, and his lips quavered into a tentative half-smile. “Well, she
He felt Sherlock’s gentle smile against his chest.
He didn’t have to see the next ones to know what they were. A close-up shot of John, with a champagne glass appearing at the corner of the screen for a second. A close-up shot of John, wiping icing from his lips – that one always made Sherlock shiver, and he couldn’t watch it in front of him. A close-up shot of John, dancing in a circle of work friends, his head bobbing along to the soundless beat.
John joined in, really just moving his hips a little as he stepped awkwardly from side to side. He’d never been a good dancer, but he was too focused on Sherlock to care. He looked so free and uninhibited, and it was
“Your boy’s American?” Dad asked. Sherlock heard his chair creak as he leaned back in it.
,” Sherlock moaned, his breath coming faster every second. His eyes had fallen closed, his whole body alight with feeling, his entire world narrowing to the feeling of
“What do you want with him?” the man asked – his voice was gruffer than Mr. Holmes’, and he looked a bit surprised to have the entire neighbourhood in his restaurant all of a sudden.
Sherlock’s head was still bent over his phone, but John could still see him rolling his eyes.
The sight made John’s heart swell against his ribcage, so full he thought it might burst. “Yes, of
The guards shoved Sherlock’s coat back onto him and walked him through the door, back out into the airport’s main atrium where his father was leaning on a pillar, waiting for him.
“Yes?” Sherlock replied, with a smug sort of innocence in his voice.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And perhaps you can drive him home after work?” Mrs. Hudson piped up again.
She gave a small jerk of her head, like she was trying to shake off a fly.
“John,” Sherlock said, slowly. He’d turned toward him now, and was rubbing hard at his temples. “Listen, I’m sure there
“Death cannot stop true love,” he crooned, softly. “All it can do is delay it for a while.”
” John’s voice crackled over the small handheld radio. “
And then it was over, and Sherlock pulled back. He gazed at him just long enough for his expression to shift again into undisguised longing, and before John could even open his mouth to speak, he turned away.
John turned around, stared for a moment, and then his bright blue eyes widened with surprise.
The tickets read
A hazy cloud of endorphins settled on them as John sank back into the mattress and Sherlock fell into him, panting warm on his neck as they struggled to catch their breath. John’s limbs were leaden, and Sherlock was warm, and John knew he couldn’t have moved even if he wanted to, not even to push his face into Sherlock’s hair and breathe him in, pulling in his sweet musky scent as strength back into his lungs. He felt his heart – or it might have been Sherlock’s heart – settle from it’s frantic pounding back down to a hard steadiness, and as his nerve endings pulled themselves back to full awareness and felt Sherlock’s comforting weight all around him, he felt their shared tremors subside.
he was a mess, he was a trembling wreck of desire.
“Don’t worry,” John said, threading a hand back through those curls and leaning in to kiss him. He lingered there for a bit, enjoying the taste of Sherlock – black coffee shrouding a hint of morning breath – but didn’t push it any further, knowing Sherlock would have other plans for this morning and not wanting to make him feel guilty about it.
“As long as I’ve got you, nothing can hurt me.” John said softly. “But I need
John rapped softly on the window pane, three times quick succession, before pulling it open and sliding inside. He latched it again behind him, and drew the curtains closed, cutting off most of the insignificant light source remaining to the room.
– but Sherlock kept himself still, his entire world shrinking to his sightline on the door, the hardwood floor under his stiff knees, John’s hot breath on his neck.
insane?” came Mummy’s voice. Sherlock couldn’t tell if she was about to scream or laugh.
“John, John, oh, oh God, oh
They’d been out on a murder case out in some tiny village up north. The circumstances of it were strange enough to tempt them out to it – a locked room case, with the victim found dead of a gunshot wound in his study, with no one else around at his ancient manor house – but both Sherlock and John had been sure it would be a quick solve from the crime scene. Fewer suspects, and fewer places to hide evidence, and all that. But when they’d gotten there, there had been almost nothing to go on, and they’d worked well into the evening to try to dig up
John’s heart skipped several beats.
broken,” John had retorted. “From too much sex.”
“Thank you,” John said. “That will be all.”
, like
The silence that stretched over the room felt stifling.
John laughed and dropped his gaze bashfully.
“I heard you in your room, when I came down for some water, when I couldn’t sleep myself. When you were napping on the couch. One time on a train. I know nightmares when I see them, Sherlock. I’m kind of an expert.”
No sooner had he pressed ‘end’, than there was a knock at his door. John found his friend leaning in his doorway, looking like a ghost. His coat hung limply on thin, hunched shoulders. His eyes were shadowed and listless, marred by dark smudges beneath. Although he had been expecting it, John was still taken aback by the battered appearance of the detective. He pulled Sherlock into his home by a shoulder, locking the door behind him.
“Even I know it’s called truth or dare, John. Not truth or truth.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“It had been so long and it felt like things were different between us, stilted and awkward a lot of the time. I wanted to go back to the way things were, but I had already moved forward and was so far into it with Mary and I did care for her at the time—before I knew she was a spy, before she shot you. So, I told myself, this is how things were supposed to be. I forced it. It felt like wearing shoes on the wrong feet. It never felt right and I know I wasn’t acting like….I know I wasn’t there for you. But, Christ, Sherlock, I didn’t know how to fix it and you were….distracted and distant, texting all the time and—”
“It’s not like last time at all, Sherlock. This is a small cell, and they just arrived in Serbia. It’ll be a quick, in and out operation….we just haven’t located them yet. That’ll be your sole assignment. Once you have coordinates, we will deploy another team. It would be two weeks, max.” Rage boiled in John’s stomach, turning his jaw and his fists into knots.
“Blue. Can you say blue, Rosie? That’s a blue cup.“ She babbled and threw the cup with a tremendous amount of force at the legs of the kitchen table. “Alright, then,” John laughed, “maybe not your favorite color?” Rosie then squealed and pointed into the sitting room. “Hmmm? What is it, love?” John was distracted as he removed the meat from the burner and turned off the stove. He poked his head around the corner to find Sherlock standing very still in the sitting room, still holding his violin case, with an indescribable expression frozen on his features. John looked at him with concern, “You alright there, Sherlock?” He stepped closer and noted the weariness in his friend’s face.
“OK?” he asked hesitantly.
“Sherlock, it’s not just Rosie I’m worried about! It’s harming you! I’m planning on living ‘til a ripe old age and I had hoped to do it with you!”  The moment the words were out of his mouth, John wished he could pull them out of the air and swallow them back down. He froze, kitchen faucet still running, heat flushing his chest and face. He had exposed himself. There was no possibility that Sherlock would let this slide, ignore the implications of the comment. As he mentally berated himself, the water continued to run, obscuring the sound of Sherlock’s slow footsteps. He startled when the man’s deep voice came from directly behind him and he shut off the water, breathing rapidly. He leaned against the counter on outstretched arms, head down.
When an aromatic bag of food showed up at the front door, Sherlock actually perked up a bit and went to the kitchen to help John. They sat on the couch with full plates and John turned on the TV. Sherlock finished about a quarter of his plate—which was about what he ate on an average day—before stretching out on the couch, legs draped over John’s lap. John gave his feet a reassuring squeeze, rubbing soothing circles on his shins.
Slowly, over the course of the next a couple weeks, all of John and Rosie’s belongings migrated to Baker St. At Sherlock’s request, Mycroft supplied John with a realtor to help him sell his flat and in the following months, they fell into a new rhythm of working and cases and day care. Mrs. Hudson was ecstatic about the new arrangement, visiting often with sweets and offering to watch Rosie any time (any time at all, boys!). John was finding that having a second person to help with Rosie was an immense relief. He was able to relax more and sleep more. Since Sherlock rarely slept himself, he was often up to soothe Rosie back to sleep during the night. As a result, over the course of months, their sleeping arrangements became completely fluid and interchangeable. If Sherlock planned to be up all night anyway, he kept the baby monitor with him in the sitting room John took the opportunity to get a full night of sleep in Sherlock’s bed, and then Sherlock would end up with Rosie in John’s room. Sometimes John shuffled, bleary eyed into the sitting room to the heart-melting scene of his daughter sound asleep against his best friend’s chest as Sherlock texted, read or snored himself. And sometimes (just sometimes) John and Sherlock ended up in the same bed (somehow), whether it made sense or not, and no one complained about it. Shoes were removed and blankets thrown over each other, wherever they lay. And, sometimes, they woke up pressed against each other, an arm thrown over with the blanket—and no one complained. Sometimes, when the detective had been awake for 3 days on a case and was literally falling asleep standing up, John pulled him onto the couch, tucking him into his shoulder or laying him into his lap. There was the occasional nightmare on either side, ending with cups of tea in the thick of night in the sitting room or sometimes slipping into the warmth of the sheets and breathing in their scent and allowing soothing touch until sleep was reclaimed. They were both well aware of the uniqueness of their arrangement, but neither felt the need to change it or to risk it by making a comment. Their rhythms settled, and they lived like a family.
“Yes, it’s what I want John. More than anything. We’ll make it safe for Rosie. I’ll get a separate fridge for body parts, I can rent 221c for experiments, and no more shooting the wall. She’ll be safe, John, I would never allow her to be in danger.” Sherlock’s eyes were wide and earnest. He had clearly put some thought into this. John’s breath hitched in his chest and he reached for his friend’s hand, interlacing their fingers.
“Come here, lay down,“ John pulled his friend into the bed, covering them both with the soft duvet. “Tell me something. A story, anything. Tell me about cases from before we met. Give me every detail, paint a picture of it. Tell me about the crime scenes and the criminals and how you were brilliant.”
“Hi, Greg, what’s up?”
“It’s about 15 minutes from my parents’ place,” he said. “They’d love to see Rosie.” John looked up at him, surprised.
“I’m not waiting another minute,” the detective said, returning his grin and starting the car.  His heart felt light, his chest suffused with warmth where it had been chilled for ages, in suspended animation.
After they pulled John out of the well that night, Sherlock had quickly pulled him close and locked his arms around him. John was soaked in frigid water and shaking hard. Sherlock was gasping and beyond the capacity for words, but the relief on his face and the strength of his grip told John what he was unable to express. In his friend’s embrace, a warmth began in John's heart and spread. That evening, after things were relatively settled at Sherrinford, they reluctantly parted ways. Sherlock had many things to sort out and resolve with his family. John returned home, exhaustion saturating his very cells and aching to see his little girl. She was fast asleep in her crib when he arrived and after the sitter left, he spent an hour just gazing at her, touching her fine baby hair and drowning in gratitude that he and Sherlock had survived the day. He finally extracted himself from the soft rocking chair, showered and collapsed into his bed, hoping for some deep, dreamless sleep. His final thoughts before he succumbed to the tide of slumber were for Sherlock. He hoped that he and Mycroft were able to get some rest tonight.
“Oh,” Sherlock breathed, weak with relief and leaning into John, wrapping around him, wrapping himself in him, allowing him to fill in all the fault lines. “I thought maybe it was too--“
“Yes. I know.” The darkness offered them cover to speak of their unspeakable days.
“I understand. I will not move it for 6 weeks.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said brusquely, but needed to clear his throat before continuing, “yes, you look quite…suitable for the occasion.” Even Sherlock had to flinch at his sterile choice of words. “What I mean is…” he faltered, staring at his friend once again. John recognized admiration in the detective’s open gaze and nodded his thanks, one corner of his mouth tipping up. He might’ve taken pleasure in his flatmate’s expression that bordered on desire, but he was too preoccupied to revel in it this morning. He did, however, give Sherlock’s typically sleek black suit an appreciative look and murmur,
“Sherlock,” he croaked in a loud whisper, “ your hand is freezing!” The doctor grasped my cold hand in between both of his to warm it and asked, “Why is it so bloody cold in the flat?”
“Serbia?! You’re not sending him to Serbia again, Mycroft! Do you know what he went through last time? Have you seen his back?” The doctor’s body had gone rigid, his face stony with rage. Sherlock leaned forward, lowering his head into his hands, threading his fingers into his hair. John’s gaze darted between the two of them, but no one would make eye contact with him.
“I’m sorry,” he murmured. “I didn’t mean to say it like that.”
“Sherlock, are you sure—“
“I’m sorry.”
“My turn for what?”
“No! Don’t you ever say that, Sherlock. She made the sacrifice, she made the choice. It was what she wanted. I was so, so wrong a year ago, the way I spoke to you, the way I treated you.” He leaned his forehead against his friend’s as he took steadying breaths and struggled for some control. His grip relaxed and his thumb caressed Sherlock’s temples. “We cannot change anything that has happened and I don’t know that I would even want to.” His pulls back and his eyes met Sherlock’s shocked gaze. “I can’t tell you how many times I’ve thought about that, Sherlock. The unanswerable question, the impossible scenario. If I could go back and choose…but I didn’t have that choice. Neither of us did. That’s how life works. All I know now is that you are precious to me. I choose you, now. I want you in my life and in Rosie’s life. You cannot leave, Sherlock, you can never leave me again. You can’t leave us. Do you understand that?” Raw sentiment turned John’s voice to gravel, but the words were anesthetic for Sherlock’s heart. He closed his eyes against his own flood of tears.
“Very bad,” his voice barely audible.
“Well then you know well that you should’ve extracted him sooner. He still speaks in Serbian in his dreams, Mycroft!” John nearly spit the man’s name in disgust. In his peripheral vision, he registered Sherlock suddenly raising his head in surprise. John mentally kicked himself for revealing that personal bit of Sherlock’s life to his brother (aka arch enemy), but he would risk anything to prevent Sherlock from returning to Eastern Europe. Their lives had come to a peaceful balance in the past 6 months. John and Rosie had moved back to Baker Street, fitting themselves in and around Sherlock’s erratic life. Sherlock still took cases and John assisted when not at the surgery. Rosie was happy and thriving with a fairly regular routine of day care, home time with the two of the them, and some nights spent with Mrs. Hudson and Aunt Molly. John and Sherlock were closer than ever, their friendship mended and improved. John was loathe to jeopardize their current situation. He couldn’t bear the thought of losing Sherlock again. He would be unable to go through that twice in one lifetime. Just the thought made him feel as if he were plunging from a cliff.
“I’m not always right. If I hadn’t turned you down that very first night in Angelo’s….I was scared. I was scared of how I felt around you. I’d never felt truly attracted to anyone before. No one’s opinion of me had ever mattered before. I was frightened by the thought that I could be at the mercy of a cascade of chemicals in my brain. That I could care about someone, need someone else. I wanted to remain an island, aloof and in control, but you—” I choked for a moment before the words tumbled from me in an unrelenting torrent— ”You penetrated my defenses. You slipped beneath them with your smiles and your tea and your loyalty. You got into my head and under my skin. I almost told you on the tarmac, before I got on that plane. I wanted to tell you, but again, my timing was terrible. I couldn’t leave you with that, knowing what I was about to do. I’m sorry, I—"
“I’m sorry,” John said softly, for lack of anything better to say, wishing he could think of something that would take away two year’s worth of pain….for both of them. “I’m sorry wasn’t there with you.”
Despite feeling as if the earth had shifted beneath their feet, their evening proceeded uneventfully. Sherlock dropped John off to have dinner with his comrades, and spent some time at a local book store before picking him up again. John enjoyed his time with his old friends, but was preoccupied by his thoughts throughout the event. He and Sherlock agreed that their realization was too young for an introduction and evening with the mates from the army. Part of him regretted not introducing his friends to the famous Sherlock Holmes, but there was no point in stressing their budding relationship. When they returned home, his parents had put Rosie to bed and once again retired to their room, giving John and Sherlock quiet time with a small fire in the sitting room. John’s enthusiasm rivaled Sherlock’s when it came to their newfound intimacy, catching him in the kitchen, on the couch, on the porch, standing over Rosie’s crib. They settled near the fire, Sherlock in a chair and John on the ground, leaning against the chair between his detective’s shins. Sherlock threaded his fingers through John’s hair, reveling in the freedom of being able to touch his friend whenever he wished. The word friend was woefully inadequate, but lover seemed too dramatic. John was his….everything. He couldn’t find a word that defined him.
“Sherlock?”
“I’m sorry, John”, he whispered into his hair. “I’m sorry.”
“What is it, Mycroft, is he ok?” John demanded, by way of greeting.
“Ah,“ he said mildly, “ your cigarettes. I don’t know where they went. Those things are going to kill you anyway.” He began to replace his earbud and resume vacuuming, but Sherlock grabbed his arm.
“My timing has been terrible with you since the day we met,” I interrupted with a wry huff of a laugh. “Sorry, it’s your turn. I’m listening.”
“I need you, John. Rosie needs you. You are needed.”
“Hey, did you get some rest?” The doctor offered Sherlock a warm and slightly knowing smile.
“John,“ Sherlock stepped into his space and took the towel from his hands. His expression grew soft as he placed his hands on John’s shoulders, long fingers reaching over his shoulder blades. “I want the same,” he said simply, holding his friend’s gaze. It was John’s turn to blink, overwhelmed by surprise, relief and the supernova of rapidly expanding joy in chest.
“I’ll come, too,” said John, not missing the subtle invitation. “I’ll go through it with you. Some things might even be mine.” Sherlock glanced at him gratefully. “Let me know when you’re going over there. Is Mrs. Hudson back in yet? Did she have as much damage?” Sherlock shook his head,
“Yes,” the detective couldn’t contain his grin, as he returned the kiss. “Quite.”
“I know, Sherlock. The Holmes have a lot of work left to do, but you’re going to get through this. We’ll do it together. Alright? I know I have been terrible to you lately, absolutely abominable, but that was so very wrong and I’m done with that. I can only try to make up for it. If you’ll allow it, any time and every time you need me, I’ll be right here. I assume that you have a lot of this left to do.” Sherlock nodded, pulling back, wiping his face on his sleeves.
“Ready for bed?” he asked John. The doctor was unable to tear his gaze away, though he felt his body flood with warmth the longer they stood there.
“I know, Sherlock,” he whispered. “You’re everything to me, too.” As if drawn by planetary magnetism and inevitability, John tilted his head up and reached even higher, gently placing his lips against the angle of his friend’s jaw. He felt Sherlock take an abrupt, deep breath as long pale fingers clenched his own tightly.
“That’s a tough promise to make, Sherlock.” Sherlock leaned back without letting go, looking serious again.
“You know that the last funeral I went to was yours?”
“Why him?” John asked, his voice rough, “Do you ever wonder why certain people die and others don’t? I mean—a man with a family, with small children, who is so needed, dies so needlessly. Whereas I had no one, but I was spared. Why? Why did I survive? How does that make any sense?” Sherlock turned to him, his question feeling like a knee to his gut. He pierced John with the urgency of his gaze as he said,
“Why don’t I take her out here while you shower and get dressed?” He lifted Rosie from her crib, kissing her soft hair and asking her about her sleep as well. John also kissed her head on the way to the shower.
“Fridays are always your most exhausting days,” Sherlock murmured into the table.
“I’m here,” Sherlock whispered into his hair, “What was it about?” John took a moment to focus on his breathing and doing a progressive relaxation technique that his therapist had taught him years ago. After a couple minutes, he responded,
“Yes.”
“No, you won’t. This bed is big enough for both of us. “John headed toward his bedroom. Sherlock lingered, tendrils of hesitance and discomfort holding him back.
“Whatever comes of this night, I can’t lose you,” I blurt abruptly. Unaware that I was going to say it, my jagged words cut through the darkness.
“You are family, remember?” He finally said lowly. John reached out and squeezed his hand briefly.
“To raising the conversation about long term plans. I was going to ask if you minded if….” He pulled his hand from Sherlock’s and raked it over the back of his neck anxiously. Sherlock stopped walking and looked curiously at him.
“I’ve already forgiven you, John,” he said. “We can stop hurting each other now. We can move forward from here.” John read the raw emotions in his friend’s eyes. The need, the desperation. Sherlock’s arms still held him close. John nodded slowly.
It had been a year. A year of you-drop-her-off-I’ll-pick-her-up, of you-get-the-take-away-I’ll-start-the-bath, of bedtime Bach and dead-of-night-tea, of Saturdays with suspects at NSY and Sundays feeding the ducks. Rosie grew like a time-lapse photo of a plant erupting from its seed reaching, climbing, stretching for the sun. Sherlock never expected to be making growth charts or to be titrating and graphing the exact amount of spinach he could mix into her sweet potatoes before she made the very same face her father makes when he tastes Sherlock’s tea. He never expected to be analyzing crime scene photos on his laptop with a small form curled against his side, warming him from the inside out. After Sherrinford, he had anticipated one of his familiar black moods, everything colorless and crumbling around the edges, hours of scraping his bow into the sounds of his sadness and stalking the city seeking the foulest specimens of humanity to validate his staunch disbelief in everything hopeful and good. But they had moved in straightaway, John coming to him just a week later with hesitant eyes and tentative smiles asking to start anew, to live like family, because he had nothing else, Rosie had nothing else, and he didn’t feel like enough and he didn’t deserve it after everything but he wanted this. He didn’t want the lonely, inconveniently located flat haunted by echoes of an almost-life. John said he wanted the mess and the chaos and comfort of a real-life Baker Street. He wanted companionship and tea. Sherlock said yes. Yes, yes, yes to everything. This was not a frozen-blinking-time-stopped moment because he may not get a third chance. He couldn’t afford a miscommunication, another half-formed thought, another tarmac moment, never-to-be-expressed and always-wondered-about sentiment. Not this time. He expanded within his skin, tingling, pressing outward, pushing his lips up into a grin mirrored on John’s face. And so the black mood never came. For weeks, the days were filled with reconstruction of their flat and their friendship, transformation of the rebuilt structure into a home suitable for a toddler, a detective and his loyal physician blogger.
It was 4am when Sherlock was woken from his very light sleep by the sound of moans. He jumped from his bed immediately, knowing that John was having a nightmare. He had estimated an increased likelihood of nightmares based on the very reason for the weekend visit. He knew that John would be thinking more about his wartime experiences and he was also aware that the last funeral John attended was Sherlock’s own. Though John’s nightmares were now infrequent, about fifty percent of the time, they seemed to be about Sherlock’s fall. The thought filled the detective with remorse and guilt, but all he could do now is be as consistently present as possible and try to comfort John when he woke. He knew that John would be mortified if he thought he had woken Sherlock’s parents with his dreams, so the detective slipped into John’s room to wake him. He found his friend restlessly moving, the sheets in tangled clumps. Sherlock slipped in beside him, gently running his fingers through John’s hair and whispering his name.
“There was another officer—“ the detective started, when Lestrade stepped into the room, as if on cue.
“Have we?” I asked breathlessly, hope infusing my heart, my mind, my soul. I felt giddy, as if I might float away into this cold night. John nodded slowly as he sighed softly and slid his fingers into my curls, tethering me to this bed with his fingers and his love. He gently eased my head toward his own. Our lips were mere millimeters apart and with a small moan, I crushed our lips together. We came together again and again, tasting, exploring, claiming one another, our bodies rapidly heating under the layers of blankets.
“Yes,” he said firmly, “Since the day we met.” John suddenly became aware of his own shaking hands, unable to comprehend that what he’d desired for so long was suddenly within reach.
“Yeah, yeah,” Lestrade said quickly, “He’s gonna be alright. But we just got to Bart’s. He was interviewing a suspect at the yard and the perp attacked him—swung the chair at him. He may have a broken arm and he has cut over his eye that probably needs to be stitched. Maybe a concussion, not sure.” John pulled air into his lungs slowly, he’s-not-dead-he’s-not-dead-he’s-not-dead, clinically and objectively observing the return of his left handed tremor.
“OK, let’s sleep,” said the doctor, turning away and taking Sherlock’s arm with him, wrapping it over him securely, with no intention of letting him go. Sherlock sighed and relaxed into the pillow, cataloguing the spark of every place his skin touched John’s.
“No, Sherlock,” he stated firmly. “You are not like her at all. You are not really a sociopath. You have empathy, friends, people who love you. Did she say that you are like her?”
“Just my arm,” he murmured, holding it up for his doctor’s inspection. The jacket had been cut off and the grossly swollen, bruised right forearm hung like a broken wing. John’s breathing caught. “We’re waiting for x-ray results. Obviously, it’s broken. They don’t know if it needs surgery or just a cast.”
“For how long?”
“Oh,“ he gasped, “You’re here.” He relaxed into his friend’s arms, gripping them with his own.
Sherlock sat thoughtfully as he finished the toast that John forced him to eat. He should be looking forward to returning to Baker Street, but he felt glued to his chair here, in John’s home. He felt like he was part of something when he was here—a part of system, a family, a functioning unit of people who work, eat, sleep and drink tea together. People who touch to say hello and goodbye and I’m here. A quiet, empty, especially clean Baker Street was not going to feel like a home. Yet. He shook off the thoughts with a sigh, impatient with himself for the cumbersome emotions and attachments. He had to move on with his life and start working on something again. He placed his dishes in the sink and left for Baker St.
“Do I look ok?” Asked Captain John Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, with uncertainty in his voice.
“I will, John. Now try to get some sleep.” His tone was rich and warm. John’s nightmare was now tucked away into the far reaches of his cortex, under the security blanket of Sherlock’s murmur. His hands were steady on his mug.
“If our current arrangement became permanent. If….if Rosie and I could just stay at Baker Street. I have---hm” abruptly, John cleared his throat, averting his gaze back to the park they just left. “We have everything we need. I have no plans to look for other arrangements…..or other relationships.” He added the last in a quick mumble, cursing the heat he felt rising in his cheeks.
“Are we going to be the same?” He stilled against me.
“It’s lonely here with her gone. Really gone, now.” John stared into his wine, swirling it. Sherlock looked up quickly, as if he had been waiting for this moment.
“I’ve wanted this for so long,” he confessed in a whisper into John’s hair. The doctor’s arms tightened around him.
“You’re coming to my house, Sherlock.”. Numbly, the detective nodded, too overwhelmed and fatigued to argue, even if he had wanted to. The wind from the chopper blades had chilled John again. Ever astute, Sherlock slipped off his Belstaff as they were about to get in to the awaiting vehicle. He wrapped it around John tightly. John protested,
“I’m fine, Sherlock.”
“Somehow, this event has brought us closer. All of us, as a family, but especially the two of us. I was angry with him at first. I’m still somewhat angry, but I understand why he did it—why he lied about her, lied to me about Trevor, locked her away. He bore a huge burden for the entire family, all on his own. I know well how lonely that experience can be. I wish he hadn’t had to go through it—I wish a lot of things had happened differently, but we can’t change the past. I was too young when it all happened—I was unusually intelligent, but I didn’t have the emotional maturity to deal with the thing that is my sister and her cruelty. Mycroft was trying to protect me. Like he always has. I choose to stand by him now.” John listened with wide eyes. He wasn’t used to such emotional insights coming from Sherlock, nor such lengthy commentary on his family. He was once again impressed by his friend’s capacity for forgiveness and understanding. He shook his head and sighed.
“Us,” John answered with confidence. “I know we’ve been through a lot, Sherlock, and I know that I recently spent months pushing you away, but…we’re still here, standing next to each other. Look at everything we have come through. What we have is real and solid. You can rely on it.“ John moved closer to his friend and placed a hand on his shoulder. “You’ve also got Molly—you know you can count on Molly,” an anguished look crossed Sherlock’s features. “No, you just have to talk to her, Sherlock. She will forgive you. It may take time, but she’ll understand. This is Molly—look what she has already done for you. And you have Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson. And as much is I hate to say it at the moment, you have Mycroft. He created this mess, but he did it with you in his heart, trying to protect you. As he has always done. He loves you.” Sherlock gazed at Rosie while he processed his friend’s words. “Come on, come back to bed and try to sleep some more.” Sherlock rose from the chair, gently touching Rosie’s back before silently following John from the room. They slipped back into bed and Sherlock crept closer to the doctor--close enough to feel his heat against his own chilled skin.
“Mmmm, thank you. My room is even colder,” I murmured to John’s back. “Oh--do you think Rosie needs a hat? That’s what I woke you to ask. Her ears are cold. I’ll go downstairs and get one.” I lifted the covers, prepared to run downstairs as quickly as possible, but John reached behind him and pulled me back into the bed.
“You too.” He then tugged anxiously on the bottom if his jacket, flexed and opened his right hand and gave a firm nod, as if mentally preparing himself for battle. “Alright,” he said.  “Let’s go.”
“Hey,” so softly, “Let me see what happened to you.” Sherlock turned, squinting against the light. The purpled skin over his left eye was marred with 8 sutures, well-placed, parallel with his forehead lines. Gentle touches against his scalp, the detective’s eyes drifted shut. “Anywhere else?”
As if summoned, the detective appeared next to him. How Sherlock always found him, he’d never know. But John knew that he always would.
No, Sherlock couldn’t sit down, and he
“I know.” He leaned in close, close enough for their noses to brush and their breaths to mingle. “You’ve been wonderful.”
Sherlock moaned in response, low, guttural, and sexy. “You are.”
John shook his head, then hurried to answer Harry. “Hello?”
*    *    *
“Shower?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock lay on his side in the darkness, unable to sleep.
“This way,” John whispered, and Sherlock followed him along, having to swallow down his giddy laughter – here he was, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, sneaking into a school concert from backstage like a teenager, holding a cute boy’s hand.
He was staring at the screen. Sherlock looked back up at it, too.
There, on the inside of the casing, engraved in elegant script:
A chill seemed to have filled the room, suddenly.
The paramedic manages to look abashed and still angry, but he moves to do his job.
“I was… in the box,” Ambrose tells them, speech still slightly disjointed as he points towards the steamer trunk.
Should auld acquaintance be forgot,
John quietly gets out of his chair and pushes it back under the table. If this is an unwelcome intruder, he needs as much space as possible. He listens for a moment until he realizes that since the door slam, the only other sound in the place is someone talking. John cocks his head to one side and steps up to the doorway in order to hear better the deep voice of a man who seems to be talking to himself. He doesn’t recognize the voice so he listens closer.
Sherlock looks from Molly to John and back to Molly. “You knew?”
John manages to turn so that he’s holding Sally back. He sighs, thinking that he needs a hobby that doesn’t start with saving-Sherlock’s-arse-because-his-mouth-just-has-to-keep-running-full-tilt.
“Sherlock, I understand. We all do what we have to for our loved ones.” Martha thinks about the interesting text message and then the phone call she received from Mycroft whilst she was
The surrounding darkness is punctuated by stately electric lights that catch in the eyes of those Weres and Shifters gathered here tonight. The Owl dismisses the others from the meeting and glares down hard at the Cat only barely hidden at the edge of the clearing. Some of the others spare the feline a nod as they pass, most simply mind their own business.
The girl quirks a neat auburn eyebrow at him, “Well, I guess you don’t think that’s blatantly obvious, then, do you?”
Ophelia laughs, her voice a joyous bell-like melody that lightens John’s heart. She follows John’s eyes with her own, watching closely as he scrutinizes her brother from head to feet and back again. Mary Beth, still seated on the table, giggles and makes a wet sound with her tongue. Janey pulls her down and into her lap in order to cuddle the baby in her arms. James doesn’t move except for his brown eyes that are so dark they’re almost black. The boy tightens his lips and a clever, intuitive expression passes over his features.
“No, I’m sorry I don’t.” Martin takes his seat next to Douglas again; the older man senses a bit of his anguish and so scoots a little closer.
After breakfast, they all hike out to the airfield where today’s part of the airshow is just starting. Sherlock takes Sophie over to the children’s area to play in the sand for a little while, leaving John and Martin who are soon joined by Greg. John notes Mycroft’s obvious absence from their company, though he studiously says nothing about it. He’s fairly certain that is has to do with bailing them out last night and he’d rather just let that particular sleeping dog lie if he is able rather than spend the morning verbally sparring about who is wrong and who is right between Sherlock and Mycroft.
Ambrose turns back to face him, one hand reaching behind himself as if looking for a chair. Lestrade is right on it, moving it right under him. Ambrose nods softly again.
John reminds him as they march as quietly as possible up the steps.
Ophelia nods. “Right. I always say no. Only you didn’t stop there…”
“They say that they won’t be in until much later tonight and they will meet you in the morning. Mr. Holmes especially sends his regards to Mr. Crieff. He says that your performance was shaping up to be excellent and he is sorry to hear about Mr. Pietz. I’m supposed to give you this,” she holds an envelope out and John takes it and passes it to Martin.
John Sends towards Trevor when the Dog does his best to dig under the door, paws scratching uselessly at concrete. He sits on his haunches and whines up at John.
Anya shakes her head, her eyes, like her brother’s, blazing with intelligence. John is comforted by this more than a little. Though he is no psychiatrist, he can clearly see the inner strength Sherlock mentioned earlier. She parts her lips, swipes at them with her tongue and seems to make up her mind about something.
Another bird, this time an equally enormous Eagle Owl barrels into the Osprey, causing it to drop like a bomb towards the hard ground. The two birds scream and hiss at one another as they roll, sharp beaks tearing at throats and feathers flying everywhere. John takes refuge in the tree, climbing as close as he dares to the tiny limbs where Sherlock is now stretched out, green eyes taking in the entire scene below them.
“Get up.”
“Yep,” Sherlock agrees, popping the ‘p’ with his lips; he tilts his head to the side like a begging puppy. “That is important, why?”
John stands up to his full five foot nine inches and wipes at his forehead. Barkley is stunned for the time being and Arley is still out cold. Fumbling for his mobile while still keeping an eye on both of them, John pokes blindly at some numbers and by a simple stroke of luck gets Mycroft on the first try.
For a brief time, there’s a relaxed mutual understanding between the brothers, both respecting what they’ve lost. Finally, Mycroft clears his throat and stretches his fingers as if trying to warm his hand. Sherlock gives him a single nod of understanding.
on so many levels that he instantly closes them again. His head hurts worse now than it did two days ago after crash-landing a plane. A miserable whimper comes out of nowhere and it takes him a moment to realize that it is him; he can only see the plain gray wall of an airplane hangar in front of him when he finally gets the courage up and peeks through half-open eyelids.
John Thinks.
Grant Monroe-Trevor paces the entirety of the sitting room of the flat, his hands nervously fluttering in the air for a moment only to be stuffed into his jacket pockets. He is visibly limping as if he’s got blisters on his feet, though his shoes appear to be newish, they show signs of being well-worn. At some point during his rather convoluted story, he produces an old pipe, fiddles with it then returns it to the front right pocket of his trousers.
it. Maybe even have a spot of tea and a biscuit. No, that just isn’t the way things work.
When no one answers him, he continues. “So when this bloke, I think he is a Midshipman…anyway, he starts carrying on about how some London detective got his brother locked up and doing twenty for knockin’ off his old lady. Of course I knew exactly who he was talking about. I didn’t say anything. He just goes on and on. I knew him for another Were as soon as I ran into him, but I had no idea how…what’s the word?” Victor scratches at the stubble on his chin. “Deranged. That’s it. I had no idea how deranged he was. It wasn’t until later that I put it together that he’d managed to murder two people in the three days were on shore leave.
The boys grin excitedly and race back down the steps. Sherlock steps up next to John, wraps his arm around John’s waist and hauls him closer. He kisses him again, another slow, languid thing that’s a promise and so much more.
“What is
Where’s Redbeard?
He steps out of the warm cocoon of their bodies and turns towards the loo, knowing Sherlock will follow him. Once there, they strip off quickly and efficiently, John turns on the taps and steps in.
“Politely?” John stammers, getting to his feet. He doesn’t think that he’s given Sherlock permission to call him anything other than Mr. Watson. “If that’s what you consider polite…”
And there’s a hand, my trusty fiere!
“Ow! What the hell was that for?” He peers down at the growling cur and grabs it, none too daintily, by the scruff of its neck and pinches. The dog immediately lets go but Sherlock does not. Bringing the animal close enough to his face to see its eyes, he frowns and lowers the canine to the ground. “Who are you?”
“What has Victor done to you?”
John can’t help the grin that takes over his face. Finally, something useful to look forward to!
John really thinks about it. And again. Still, erring on the side of politeness, he pushes past Sherlock on his way back to the kitchen only to find that the ghosts are back.
“Hey!” John calls after him.
“Martin, will you be okay with Mrs. Hudson and Sophie for a while?” John ignores Sherlock for the moment.
John copies him then covers his mouth with his hand.
She thrusts the now opened bag right under John’s nose and he grabs it on impulse rather than let it fall to the floor. A half-smile graces his tense mouth when he reaches down inside and grabs the largest of the lot. He holds it out to Sherlock who takes the pastry with trembling fingers.
John knows none of the taxis will pick them up, as most do not allow animals, so he relaxes and prepares himself for a long walk until one of Mycroft’s glossy black sedans pulls up alongside them. John ignores it for a couple of blocks.
“Indeed, John.”
“You call yourself a ghost hunter,” Sherlock snarks, sounding vaguely amused. He’s produced a cigarette and a silver lighter from somewhere and now he’s leaning against the brick house, taking a drag. The fag is tightly clamped in one corner of his mouth and he’s talking out of the other one. A lazy tendril of smoke hangs in the air between them. The neighborhood is quiet, the majority of its residents sleeping.
trust John enough to make themselves vulnerable like that in the first place? John knows that this image in his mind is slowly becoming an obsession. He pounds his fist against the arm of his chair. They are friends, first and foremost. Close? Absolutely. Is the potential for
Apparently him.
“No,” he states to the room at large in a gruff, utterly devastated tone. “No. Tell me why.” John’s voice fills with cold fury and he slams his fist against the mattress.
Backstory and a handjob.
The three men settle around the table with their drinks as the first of a set of WWII fighter jets whizzes by overhead. Discussion builds slowly between them until Greg turns to Martin and somehow without mentioning Sherrinford, asks him, ”What is it with your family and names, eh? Mycroft, Sherlock… I’ll bet you’re glad you escaped that fate.” The detective inspector grins and claps Martin hard on the back.
“And you are going to tell me everything,” John says. Sherlock nods a second time against his shoulder. John sits back, keeping Sherlock at arms’ length, but moving so that he is able to rest against the headboard of the narrow cot.
“Yes?” he answers, sounding a million miles away, even to himself. In his mind’s eye, he is still seeing the width of John’s naked shoulders, the strength in his muscular thighs and the expression on his face from a few moments previous. From some distance, he hears Ophelia speaking, but the words are senseless flutters of half-understood speech that do not reach his deeper thoughts.
John doesn’t say
(Truly.)
After an eternity, the medical staff leave the room. Greg follows them after giving Sherlock a fatherly pat on the shoulder and making a silent plea to Saint Jude. For certain, the DI knows a lost cause when he sees one; his only hope is that Sherlock hasn’t fucked this up beyond repair this time.
“God, I’m worn out.”
John’s breath is now coming in gasps, his lungs still needing to draw in oxygen, even though he is sure, in that moment, that he has no heart to pump the blood needed to move the oxygen around his body.
“Do you have a lot of downtime, then?”
Arthur smiles again then and the whole room around them is that much brighter for it. He grabs a chair from the table behind them and pulls it over to the edge of the one they are at, effectively blocking the aisle. His legs are so long that he practically has to fold them double in order to get them under the table.
Sergeant Barkley walks into the room and takes up a position behind them, from where he can clearly see everything they are doing. He says nothing but seems to be watching Sherlock very closely.
John’s hand moves from Sherlock’s shoulder to his nape, just under the last little curl that makes an upside down ‘V.’ John looks up from Sherlock’s wonderfully busy hand and takes note of several rust-colored flecks amidst the dark curls. He knows what he wants, but he’s got to figure out how to ask for it.
It is then that John finds himself beginning the comparisons between Sherlock and Toby and realizes that his heart has already made a decision on the question his brain has been asking since he pulled the trigger and sent a bullet through two sets of windows.
“I wanted to come over and introduce myself properly, to you Mr. Crieff. I am Douglas Richardson, First Officer for MJN charters.”
“Is there a good reason…and it better be a good reason, Sherlock, that you went into my room and took my journal from my bedtable?” John is seething now, Sending red hot flashes of ire down their Link that seems stretched so very thin right at this moment. He is finding it difficult to believe that there could possibly be anything in that book that Sherlock doesn’t already intuitively
Sherlock tugs on the knob, making a little exclamation of surprise when it swings open. He freezes on the spot, using his arm to bar John’s way into the large, empty room they are staring into. The only thing that moves is some stirred-up dust slowly drifting in the weak rays of the sunlight pouring in through the uncovered windows.
John shakes his head, but his reply is stalled as Douglas strolls up to them from the opposite direction. He takes in their surroundings and asks what’s going on. At the same time, Sherlock flings open the human-sized door, his gaze falling on John exclusively.
Greg laughs and John stifles a giggle.
Well, that was all John needs to hear. It is quickly decided that they are going to go and meet with Penn and Barkley.
can.) “Or chasing down
“Fine!” Victor chuckles, raising his hands in the air. “Is this your hobby then, deciphering old books with snarly handwriting?”
Sherlock’s breath hitches and he’s caught between pulling away and simply letting the tears welling in his eyes fall. John takes the choice out of his hands by tightening his hold and placing a petal soft, sweetly innocent kiss right on Sherlock’s mouth. Once he stops being stunned, Sherlock kisses him back but otherwise does not move. John breaks the kiss, moving so that their mouths no longer touch but their respirations mingle.
“Mrs. Hudson?” he croaks.
,” the paramedic says again, the thought of how much time they are wasting clearly written on her face. She has closed the doors on the vehicle and is tapping her fingernails against them, waiting on the answer.
, Stottlemeyer.” (He's not really kidding, actually.) Ambrose frowns and reaches a hand from beneath the blanket to scratch at his forehead. Then he scratches at his collar and starts to look a little agitated.
John frowns. “Right, then care to explain? You don’t have to tell me what you were dreaming about…just give me something to go on here.”
“Come along, John.” Sherlock’s hand is between John’s shoulders, not quite pushing, but leaving no room for argument, either.
John shakes his head to the negative. “No, not sure why she thought kidnapping Adrian Monk was going to get to me.”
“Ok, that makes sense. Wendy must be the woman Mycroft refers to as ‘Mummy’ then,” John interjects.
“Don't!” Sherlock spins away from the top of the desk, fingers disappearing into his hair as he moves. “No. You take care of it. It's what you wanted in the first place. Jim is
It’s enough, John understands, to put them both immediately on edge. Sherlock peels off his coat and starts undoing his buttons right there in the street. John collects it all into a neat bundle and stashes it against the wall when they move into the foyer. Two steps behind him, the Cat is sniffing at the floor, ears alert and body tense. He tiptoes past John and begins trotting up the staircase.
Ophelia seems to me more solid that before and with any small bit of luck, perhaps now she will be visible to Mycroft. I have not yet told him that John has always been able to see her as I am sure he already knows.
Before he can blink or even ask what Sherlock’s doing, he’s wrapped his lips around Victor and is sucking him hard. But Sherlock, even clumsy with inexperience, putting all of his concentration behind it, makes the experience so intense that all Victor can do is hold on and enjoy the ride.
at all except the broken expression on Sherlock’s face. John’s entire body freezes in place, except for the graze above his temple, the throb there has yet to ebb. Now he’s got a matching one thumping above his eyes. He is unsure how to react to Sherlock’s expression and he’s just making up his mind to do something about it when it is gone. Wiped off the detective’s features as if someone took a great eraser and simply rubbed it off.
“Holy shit,” House uselessly mutters.
“Be right back,” the detective rumbles. He spins on his heels, then he’s gone.
John is so relieved to be home that he leans against the tile and closes his eyes, letting the hot water cascade down his back. Being under cover is generally not his forte and everything about this case was difficult, emotionally draining and more challenging to rationalize than war. After a few minutes of soaking in the heat, he squeezes shampoo out into his hand and scrubs at his hair, by now detesting the fake color and the reasons it was necessary in the first place.
Or not really.
Sherlock grasps the handle as if to open it, but the furiously angry John-the-Tank-Watson is forcing his beanpole husband out of the way and jerking the door open. Even it feels his power and doesn’t dare so much as squeak. Sherlock catches it and they all file neatly into the room.
“Wilson. No. I cannot work with this man.”
“Ha! You wish. Are you eating tonight?” Ophelia counters.
, no?) and find out who the Box Man really is…)
John nods and waits for Sherlock to deduce his way to the answers. While they roll off his silver tongue, he unbuttons Sherlock’s shirt and changes it for a plain blue cotton tee and Sherlock barely notices until John is unzipping his black trousers and pulling them down Sherlock’s legs. The detective pauses for only a few seconds when he is handed a pair of khaki walking shorts and his old trainers. He certainly doesn’t stop talking while he’s putting on low socks and tying his shoes.
John Sends Affection over their Link. He gives in one more time, caressing Sherlock’s head and face, letting his fingers trail down the line of his jaw as Sherlock makes an odd sound that greatly resembles a purr.
Sherlock cards his fingers through John’s hair, green eyes burning with barely concealed desire and a hint of something unnameable. John’s channels are wide open, and Sherlock
Not really wanting to interrupt the obvious fragile moment, Martha takes a step backward with the intention of closing the door but Sherlock’s ultrasensitive ears pick up the slight sound of her heel scuffing against the linoleum, and she stops, pinned by the green fire in that gaze.
Sherlock finally shuts his pretty mouth and oozes off the desk. House goes out of his way to open one of the drawers and take out an entire roll of paper towels. He pulls off about fifteen of them then makes a big show of wiping off the desk.
John is still relaxing at the conference table, Wilson in the chair at the head of it. He decided that whatever was going to happen next in this office was going to be too good to miss, so he made two more cups of coffee, passed one to John and planted himself in a prime spectator seat. House is still at his desk (so you really haven’t missed much, and watching Wilson make coffee is , in a word,
Everyone pretends not to hear Greg make a strangled noise that he attempts to cover up with a fake cough. Mrs. Hudson pats his thigh and mutters, “Have some more wine, dear, it is awfully dry in here.”
Over her shoulder, Mycroft shakes his head from side to side silently, his disbelief palpable. Mummy continues to caress Sherlock’s hand; she continues talking, too, unaware that both siblings have quite literally tuned her out.
“Let me see,” Mrs. Hudson settles in the other chair, her hand over her mouth for a second, “I believe Sherlock would have been about sixteen then, is that right Sherlock?” She doesn’t wait for an answer, but John can tell by Sherlock’s face that she’s right.
John scowls, not looking forward to rolling about in anymore dust at the moment. “I’m not a chinchilla, Sherlock.”
“Greg.” Sherlock leaned casually against the nearest chair, as if this were all perfectly ordinary. “I’ve been thinking, can we move the Japanese ambassador to four o’clock tomorrow?”
“Right, right,” he was saying absently into the phone. He forced himself not to look round at him, and focused on what Harry was saying. “Wait – what are you –?”
"Here, take these." Sherlock opened his other hand, revealing two tiny white capsules.
“Yeah,” John replied, though with a small note of reluctance in his voice. He didn’t want him to stop.
John pulled back then to look up at him, searching those beautiful eyes veiled with a thin sheet of concern.
“What happened to the American girls?” he said, sounding profoundly disinterested in the answer.
Unbidden, an image of Mia swam before his vision. With her dark hair and hooded, sultry eyes. Wearing a diamond-encrusted gold necklace.
dodgy.”
John leaned in to rest his cheek on Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock kissed the crown of his head. He reached out a hand and stroked through the hair at the base of his neck, tender, and familiar.
The moments stretched on and on as he stood outside the door, and he wondered for an awful second if John might not answer, but eventually he heard footsteps on the stairs inside, heavier than normal, and the door sung open.
The sound was wrecked, on the verge of a sob, but Sherlock was there instantly to kiss it away.
“Yes, beautiful?” Sherlock could practically feel John’s wicked grin against his thigh.
“No, I just thought I’d ask the blunt question, in case it was the right one.” Her eyebrows were raised, as if scanning him, but it was an understanding sort of curiosity – kind, not malicious. “And you needed someone to talk to about it, and no one had ever
Sherlock hated the shadow of disappointment he saw in John’s brilliant, beautiful eyes as comprehension dawned on his face. John nodded once, curtly, and cast his gaze down, trying to break the tension of the moment but only succeeding in making the pit in Sherlock’s stomach swell to twice its size.
“Oh,” John let out, under his breath.
, as they sparkled with cheer and with song and they were directed at
“Please!” they all chorused again.
The static from the radio swelled a little in volume, and Sherlock reached forward to switch it off.
There was a strange note in his laughter that made Sherlock look up from his phone. Mia had circled round the desk to perch herself on the edge of it directly in front of John, and John was smiling at her with a gleaming sort of energy. Quite friendly, of course, but apparently not finding it odd in the slightest that she was looking at him like she’d completely forgotten Sherlock was there.
“Sorry,” he was able to gasp out, his throat scratching painfully with the effort.
He heard John take a step forward, and his eyes snapped open again. John stopped.
Now it was a whole other torrent of emotions rushing through Sherlock’s mind – sorrow, compassion, and most prominently, guilt.
as John found the remote and moved away to drop down onto his chair.
“He will.”
They were on the sidewalk of Griff Street, in front of the entrance to Orlova’s building which had been sectioned off with yellow tape. Sirens wailed several blocks away, adorning the ambulance that had taken Sokolov away, complete with bullet embedded in her left arm and an impressive concussion inflicted afterward. A mercifully silent police car had taken Orlova as well, who had been treated for shock and taken down to the station to be questioned for a complete history of the relationship between his family and Sokolov’s. Sherlock didn’t envy him; even without factoring in his lack of control over his mental faculties, Orlova’s account was likely to take all night.
“Talk to her any?” He turned round, watching Sam beaming all the way to the sitting room as he dropped happily into a chair.
John seemed to sag a little in his chair, his eyes unfocusing, but Sherlock was already out the door.
“Then you’d be
And then they were kissing.
area,” Sherlock said. His voice was dripping with a bitter sort of irony, quiet and grim. He might not have been speaking to John at all. “But surely it can’t be as complicated as an
He’s not even sure if he makes any sound.
Sherlock brought his hands up, mimed clutching a steering wheel.
Dad gave a little disbelieving laugh.
He looked as tired as he had done back at the celebration, though he’d changed into a pair of sweatpants and his blue Christmas jumper with the red patterning along the collar. The bags under his eyes were still dark, but the lines of his brow were at least obscured as he knitted them together in confusion.
Sherlock was staring, too – he looked just as breathless as John, his eyes roving over him just as uncertainly.
“Yeah, well –” he tried to smile, gesturing feebly. “Look who’s talking.”
John didn’t reply, just gave a little nod over his shoulder, and Sherlock’s stomach had twisted itself up before he’d fully computed what had happened.
John stepped forward too. The entire restaurant was silent now, every eye focused on the two of them.
John beamed up at him. Sherlock thought his heart might seize up and die.
“Yes! Yes, si. Mystery.” He was almost vibrating with excitement now. “Mystery, and – and romance.”
Sherlock gazed down at him, eyes piercingly blue.
, and John felt the heat behind his belly coiling tight enough to snap.
“I feel it in my fingers.”
Both Molly and Lestrade pursed their lips uncomfortably. They knew as well as he did that there was nothing to talk about. It was the middle of the night, they were in an emergency room, John was lying dead or alive on an operating table somewhere, and there was absolutely nothing to say.
Dr. Moore took the x-ray back, looking unsure of himself for the first time.
“Yeah.” Sherlock paused, folding his hands. “Which end is the dodgy end?”
He lingered a bit, stirring sugar and milk into their respective cups, eavesdropping on Donovan griping to Hopkins a few cubicles away about Sherlock solving another case on seemingly impossible odds. A lot of not-so-nice words floated over into his ears, followed by her bitterly spitting out “can’t
The moon shines like a spotlight on the ripples. The end of the game. The final act.
say the funniest thing the other day…”
Enough. Enough now.
She’d delivered the question so suddenly and unaffectedly that it took a second for her words to register in Sherlock’s brain.
A click of the lock, and the door swung open. There stood Sherlock, wearing his blue dressing gown over his button-up, his hair slightly mussed and his cheeks turning pink as the air rushed in through the entrance.
Disappointment flooded him, but he forced it down. It was alright. There’d be other chances.
Sherlock looked up from the microscope briefly before returning his gaze to his specimen, “You had a long day at the surgery and preferred to retire here.”
“Stop it,” John interrupted. “I’ve been through this, Sherlock. I still deal with it at times. It’s not easy, so don’t be hard on yourself about it.” The detective abandoned his assault on his scalp and closed his eyes, willing his breath to come slowly and evenly. John did the same, waiting. He would never be able to sleep knowing that his friend lay awake, miserable. After an eternal nine minutes, the detective abruptly turned to his side, his back to John.
“Baaaabaaabaaabaa…” broke through the thick blanket of slumber. Sherlock smiled before opening his eyes. Rosie was clearly learning to articulate the sounds of language and though he never thought he’d say such a thing, it was precious. He slitted his eyes against the intrusive light to find John already awake and gazing at him.
“What are you nervous about?” he probed, without preamble or pretense. John smiled. He couldn’t hide anything from this man.
“Oh, Sherlock,” John breathed in slowly, wincing in sympathy, seemingly unaware that his hand was still in his flatmate’s hair. “You must be in quite a bit of pain.”
“You don’t have to thank me,” he said quietly, “You’ve done the same for me.”
“No,” Sherlock murmured, not turning to meet John’s emphatic expression. “I just….don’t want be like her. Or become her.”
“I would have been completely unable to tolerate it if I’d had to see you tortured. That’s why you couldn’t be there. I needed you alive and safe and…here. I never wanted to be away from you, John, but I needed you here, to come back to. The thought of returning to you was the only thing that kept me alive most times. I spent so much time with you in my mind palace….there were times I wasn’t sure what was real and what wasn’t….if we had really talked or….” he trailed off again.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry…” John repeated between his tears and his shaking sobs. Sherlock made quiet murmurs of “It’s OK”, but John persisted, “No, I hurt you, Sherlock. You’re the last person I ever wanted to hurt, and the only person I needed.”
“I mean, that is exactly why I wanted to come over here, Sherlock.”  Sherlock still appeared puzzled.
“What?”
“Yes, quite.” John lifted himself up to his toes to touch his lips to Sherlock’s ready smile.
“Shhhh…” Sherlock, held him tightly, an arm circling his back and an arm pressing John’s head against his chest. The detective’s fingers gently caressed his friend’s hair. Eventually, John came back to himself. He drew deep, tremulous breaths as his tears subsided. He tried once again to articulate his thoughts…his fears.
“Is Mycroft coming this weekend?”
“John, shhhhhh, John, wake up. You’re safe, you’re dreaming.” John moaned Sherlock’s name, and the detective wasn’t sure if he had been dreaming about him or if he was acknowledging his presence. Sherlock began to run his hands down John’s arms, holding him gently. John woke with a start, shaking and sweating.
“Hm. Maybe in another week or two.” He deflected. He wouldn’t mind having a few of their friends over, but he wanted to get back into a routine himself and see how often he could get John and Rosie to stay with him.
“Nope, you’re too tall for it. You need real sleep in a real bed. This one is big enough for both of us.”  He brought him to the edge of the bed, and instructed him to take off his trousers and shirt. Once again, he wordlessly complied, revealing how truly exhausted he must be. John slid in the other side of the bed and turned off the light. His friend was already snoring again. The relief that filled John allowed him to relax as he drifted off to the steady sounds of Sherlock’s breath.
“Sorry, Greg. I know Sherlock can get into trouble all on his own.”
“Well, you know how I feel about it. I can’t lose him again, Mycroft.” He spoke to the elder Holmes, but his eyes were on the back of the younger. “It broke me the first time. And now, it’s not just me. We’re a family.” His throat was tight. There was no way he was going to be emotional in front of Mycroft and there was nothing more he could do, anyway. It was Sherlock’s decision, after all. He quickly stepped over the abandoned groceries, flew down the stairs and fled 221B.
John took it from him thoughtlessly, as he placed a sippy cup of milk on Rosie’s tray, wrinkling his nose and making a silly face at her as he slid his finger into the envelope. Sherlock observed, leery, as John read the contents. His own heart sank as he watched his friend’s face fall into lines of sorrow. The doctor took a deep, shaky breath, shoulders slumped, as he placed the letter on the table. He appeared distracted, quietly working to control his inner turmoil.
“No,“ John refuted with determination. “You don’t need to apologize. After what you’ve been through today? Sherlock, this would shatter anyone.” Sherlock looked into his friend’s eyes.
“Right. So, you tell me a truth, Sherlock.” John had already been so candid. I could do this as well. I owed it to him.
“What would help?” The detective had sensed the halted movement of John’s arm.
The humid, warm atmosphere of an early spring heat wave curled around John’s limbs like an embrace. He lay in bed in the dead of night, groggily pushing the wispy edges of a dream back into his subconscious as he wondered what woke him. His dad-radar detected no noise or motion from the crib, and he didn’t hear any lonely violin melodies drifting up the stairs. He sighed, rubbing a hand over his face and swinging his legs over the edge of his bed. Returning to sleep in the middle of the night was never a quick process for him. It involved a ritual of padding around the flat, drinking some water, using the loo. He quietly crept down the stairs, hoping Sherlock was getting some much-needed sleep. He and Rosie had started spending weekends here and returning to their quiet flat in the suburbs during the week. The shadows beneath the detective’s eyes grew deeper throughout the week and it seemed as if they abated slightly in the long hours of catch-up sleep on the weekend. Sometimes Sherlock would doze on the couch while they were there, drifting off seemingly unintentionally, or even commit to an afternoon nap and fall quickly asleep. He was deliberately sleeping while they were in the flat. It was so very out of character and it worried John. He knew something must be disrupting his friend’s sleep at night, but hadn’t wanted to pry. He was considering extending their weekend stays to include Thursday nights. He could pretend it was just for Sherlock’s benefit, but it was as much for his own benefit. He felt more comfortable and content at Baker Street than he ever had in the apartment with Mary. He enjoyed the company and the constancy of their friendship. It made the days easier and the nights…well, they could still be long.
“Are we done with truth or truth?”
“It’s just….it’s so….it smells really good in here.” John suspected he had meant to say something else entirely, but he let it go. He took the violin from him, placing it in its designated corner.
“Good,” he said. “He deserves it.”
“John,” I whispered. My convulsive shivers were vibrating the mattress and John gasped awake.
“John—”
“We will not be same after tonight, ” he finally murmured into the rough stubble between the edge of my mouth and the corner of my jaw. “We’ll be so much more.”
“Yes,” John breathed, taking his hand. Sherlock sighed one last time, but this time a mixture of contentment and relief, and drifted to a dreamless place.
“My parents have bags, John.”
“Get up or you’re going to miss breakfast,” he called as he headed down the stairs. John laid back in bed for another moment, marveling at his life. He never thought he’d feel this happy to wake with his daughter and his best friend.
“I’m not like her. Am I?” The doctor did not need to know who ‘her’ was. He looked up in consternation, his concern bringing him to stand behind his friend.
“I value his opinion,” Sherlock sharply retorted, speaking for the first time since John had entered the room. The detective finally met the gaze of his best friend and he easily read the raw emotion in the doctor’s eyes—fear for him, fear for them. Fear of losing everything they had built. The intensity of the sentiment nearly overwhelmed them both—Sherlock stood abruptly and stepped to the window, his expression shielded and indiscernible but his shattered eyes revealed jagged memories and a hint of panic. John dropped his head, stripped of his anger, voice rough.
“I wish I was there to drink it with you,” the detective said, with a note of regret—although John could feel his smile. “I should’ve stayed with you.” John’s breath caught in his chest like butterflies in a net. He wanted his friend here, too.
“Are you going to the service?” His soft question was met with a long moment of silence. The air was still, silence filling the space between their words, thick as cotton.
“So much violence, John. I killed so many people while I was gone. Bombs and guns and knives and garrotes.” Remorse deadened his tone.
“John,” he rasped. He was unable to articulate anything beyond that. He was holding on to John as if he were a life raft. John’s hand crept up to the back of his friend’s neck.
John took a deep breath in Sherlock’s arms, filling formerly dark spaces with light and air. After minutes that felt simultaneously eternal and not remotely long enough, John pulled away and awkwardly wiped his face on his sleeve, sniffing. He glanced at his watch.
“And sometimes it does help. Good.” John settled himself against the best and wisest man he had ever known, an arm anchored around his chest, and felt both their hearts slow.
“No, I didn’t propose, exactly—“ he started.
“This means raising a child, this isn’t a small commitment.” Half him was at war with the other—his heart was telling him to stop talking while his mind produced all the ‘buts’ it could conjure. They had been in various states of limbo for nearly the entirety of their relationship. It didn’t seem possible that they could finally be on the same page--that they could be completely happy and at peace.
