"Is he okay?" he snapped.
“Shot through the window, sniper, expert shot- this was long distance through glass. He couldn’t have faltered. I’d go so far as to say he was former military, hired with her as the target. She’s co-owner of the home, or at least the owner’s lover. Obvious by the state of dress and jewelry she wears. Well-kept so she was happy with the relationship...maybe her partner isn’t,” Sherlock rattled off. “Then again, statistically less likely, considering her lover is a woman. So what motivated someone to hire someone to kill her?”
," he insisted, refusing to believe that he saw John's reaction. "And you are a bloody robot. You don't have emotions!"
And so life continued for the two immortals. Despite many chances to go their own ways, they decided to stick together. Once the threat was mostly removed and they were able to move around with more stealth, they went back and checked in with Sherlock’s brother, Mycroft. He was instantly distrustful of John but had to recognize the favor he had done for his brother. When Sherlock met John’s sister Harriet, it was clear they wouldn’t get on well at all. So rather than go off with their respective siblings, they stuck with each other; they found the other more agreeable than their family members in general. This was how it was for centuries.
“Sherlock, I didn’t-”
"Night, Sherlock."
Sherlock was ignorant to John not having been home for awhile, considering he spent most of his time high. It was when his stash ran out and he was dealing with a terrible headache that he realized John was gone. None of his stuff was in his room.
"Shut up," Sherlock growled. Mycroft's expression tensed.
“I mean that the case has been taken over by MI6. Apparently it was a bit more serious than we had originally thought,” Lestrade shook his head. “So Sherlock will not be able to figure it out, which always bothers him.”
"If your intellect is considered 'reasonably intelligent' I fear for this species," Sherlock snorted lightly, eyes meanwhile trained on the door to the room he was denied access to.
“No more,” John said, and that was the end of that conversation.
“Just John, please,” he smiled.
"Oh no, he understands perfectly; and as for talking... trust me when I say you should be grateful he won't speak. He can be quite the arse when he wants to be."
“The victim has a name,” a voice interrupted. “Her name is Kate.”
The man still whimpered beneath him. Sherlock was often told he didn’t have a heart, but he knew he had to have one, because he could feel it breaking.
"You were startled," Sherlock noted. John yawned. "Your military training has yet to wear off."
"Did you save him?"
"I was sleeping," Sherlock glared.
"Who had a striking resemblance to a milk man," John pointed at him. Sherlock gave the You're an Idiot glare.
“I’m not always the bastard I was yesterday,” John explained. “It was just...a highly stressful time, with a poorly timed insult. I’m not usually a cave man.”
The voice was gentle, teasing. John had been visiting with Mrs. Hudson, and he had listened at the bottom of the stairs after hearing the visitor come in. Sherlock could remember another handful of occasions where John had spied, sometimes with Sherlock being aware, other times without. Both times, when he had been invested, he had been quite proficient in keeping himself hidden from the opposition.
"Um, yeah…" John scratched the back of his neck awkwardly.
see you touch another person like that, I will become the psychopath everyone accuses me of being," Sherlock threatened.
“You don’t miss much, do you?” Lestrade asked.
"Fine, we can have a…a poker night with Lestrade! Why do you need her? You have me!" Sherlock was breathing heavily. John was struck dumb by the uncharacteristic display of emotion.
“I’m a hell of a lot madder than he is,” John grinned, “and I guess I’ll tell him that when I get home.”
"The scarf?" It took a lot to surprise his baby brother, and Mycroft was proud he had accomplished it.
"WHERE IS HE?!"
Sherlock refused to answer.
"Oh please, you'd hate it! You live on showing off. If everyone was a genius, you'd just be ordinary...oh god, just imagine: everyone with your intellect and the tact and maturity of a five year old!"
“The fact that you don’t classify serial killers under the category of ‘Sick Fucks’says something about how you think, John,” Sherlock commented, hands holding both edges of the arm rests. “Besides, Mycroft’s hands are tied here.”
Sherlock was at a crime scene when a man in military uniform asked to see him. Lestrade and the other officers looked at him curiously and remained in ear shot.
"My detective. My friend. My Sherlock. I found him first. Get your own."
“So, Sherlock, are you happier since John got back?” Lestrade asked.
"It's more involved than you could imagine," Mycroft warned.
“Oh I’m not,” she said. “He wasn’t the nicest man. Some people don’t understand, but I’m sure that once you get married….”
“You’re mad,” Lestrade huffed. “I see why Sherlock likes you so much.”
“Sherlock, please.” Sherlock watched him with wide, distrusting eyes. “Why aren’t you terrified of me? Don’t you think I’m a demon?” He smirked.
"Obviously," Mycroft spat, sounding very much like his younger brother. "
“Sherlock, what’s that?” John asked, coming in from a day of calls. He had prescribed what he could for what diseases could be cured. Otherwise, he gave diagnoses and home remedy recommendations. He had come home to find Sherlock smoking something that didn’t smell like tobacco from a pipe.
"He's my brother, obviously. And
“Oh, it’s always that story you bring up! I let you have your office in Rio for awhile, and look at how that turned out! It caught on fire,” Sherlock gave him a look.
"How-" Mycroft started.
Sherlock didn't hesitate to go marching through the doors, but he was blocked by two doctors and a nurse.
Harry stood in the doorway of John's room, shutting the door between Sherlock and his salvation, the relief of this overwhelming- dare he admit it- guilt over his best friend's present circumstances.
John looked at him in shock. For the first time, he saw the pain in Sherlock’s eyes. It was one that was apparently buried for centuries. He didn’t realize how much Sherlock had cared.
"There you go," John murmured. "Better?"
“I just figured he would be upset, what with his being unable to work on the case anymore,” Greg shrugged.
“Suits your personality,” he said. She looked mildly shocked.
"I see the master has found his lost puppy," Donovan placed a bouquet of flowers down on the table in the corner of the room. "Hello, Dr. Watson, please get well."
"So this is John!"
"I am aware. John didn't have to bring up his previous sexual encounters, though. That's just uncalled for," Sherlock's eyes narrowed where Greg had his hands
“He brought you here with him?” she scoffed.
"Yes, I've deduced that," John snorted.
John looked up to see Sherlock in front of them, glaring at Dr. White.
"Why?"
“I don’t doubt you,” John stood and held out a hand. “Coming?”
"Only an idiot jumps off a building to save a friend," he croaked out.
“But I’m not bored anymore, John! It’s fucking fantastic!” Sherlock laughed loudly. “Not to mention how happy I am!”
John looked proud. His happiness broke through his grogginess enough for him to stand up and take the few steps to his best friend and grip his left shoulder. He didn't say anything; Sherlock could read into his silence well enough without words making a mess of things.
“Obviously, that would be boring. And John is the opposite of boring,” Sherlock’s chest seemed to puff with pride.
Mycroft held the shorter man to him by the back of his neck and the dip of his back. "I do not care how we know them. I do not care if I am on my death bed. I don't care if they are threatening to kill me. No one else is to touch you.
The hardest part about loving someone is actually following through on those emotions. In the hospital, the two men could confess their love for each other. John had been at risk, they both had strong emotions, and it was a fairly detached setting. Back at 221B Baker Street, though, it was a bit more difficult. Sure, John was fully healed and all, but now they were faced with the hardest case ever- how to accept the fact that they both had feelings for each other, and what to do about said feelings.
"It was a shot to the shoulder, and he had to be operated on. He is being medically discharged, however." The soldier had a stony expression, as was necessary with the news he often had to deliver.
“Well,” Lestrade cleared his throat. “You certainly didn’t marry a pushover.”
“Oh, well that’s a messy business! When do I get to meet him?” she asked.
"I was under the impression you weren't supposed to be in possession of any firearms," Mycroft cocked an eyebrow.
"Dr. White will be back in with you shortly," she said before shutting the door on them.
"John, evidently," Sherlock glared. "John, who was in Afghanistan, and has been shot. So if I could use someone's mobile phone, that would be lovely!"
"You too, My," Greg tugged at his sleeve.
Irene Adler slept in a hotel for her duration in London, and a certain consulting detective got a very detailed look at what makes up a war hero.
“Why did you save me, John?” Sherlock asked one day as they ate a cooked squirrel around a fire. They were deep in the woods, the moon was full, and the stars were as bright and abundant as ever.
John’s eyes grew wide. “Are you saying-”
“I would not offer you something that would kill you, John,” Sherlock said, laughing at his own joke. That was when John realized that this substance, whatever it was, obviously affected one’s mind.
“It’s fine, I’m already healing,” Sherlock said flippantly. John’s hand came up to caress Sherlock’s bottom lip. True to word, there was blood where it had been busted, but the skin was perfect underneath it.
"I wasn't going to hurt her more than necessary. You were perfectly okay with me not knowing your favorite color, or that you adore that hideous jumper, or that you had an imaginary friend when you were younger named Teddy. What you weren't okay with was me acting like an arse to your sister."
Sherlock snorted. “That’s because you’re an idiot.”
"I'm heading out. I'll grab a pint with Lestrade or something," John told Sherlock.
"Big five-year-old," he teased softly.
"Hello, brother dear," Mycroft nodded his head, tipping his glass towards the detective, always requiring a prop in his hand for these meetings, whether it be his umbrella or a cup of tea or a bitter measure of red wine.
"Hello, Dr. John Watson, former Captain in Her Majesty's Royal Army," he gave a general wave. "Now I get the curiosity, but you couldn't even give us ten minutes? I haven't seen him in three years, you know." John had a way of emotionally manipulating people that even Sherlock had to admire. Sherlock nearly giggled as he realized exactly what John was doing.
"Fine," Sherlock huffed. He put on clothes quickly, going out into the living room to talk with his brother.
In which there's a crime scene, a dominatrix, a Napoleon, and a peacock...
"John!"
John turned away in disgust. “I’ll take the boredom.”
"Good night, John."
He turned back, wondering what the detective could possibly want.
“Oh, dear, was he...you know?” She suddenly looked very sorry for him. John was about to have a hemorrhage, holding in his laughter at Sherlock’s facial expression.
“Who would volunteer for both? You must be addicted to the thrill, but forced to retire to meager guard work by that limp in your leg. Tell me, were the circumstances traumatic?”
"Sherlock, since when don't I-"
"Yes," Sherlock said, and it was true. Although their relationship wasn't of a romantic nature, they had the other listed as their spouse so as to make things like hospital stays and taxes easier. Besides, they were the closest either would get to a lasting relationship.
No, instead, John pulled off the truly horrendous Christmas jumper he had been wearing to reveal his red button up underneath. Judging by Sherlock's swallow, and his intense stare, it was the shirt Sherlock appreciated the most, and Mycroft could, unfortunately, see why. The doctor still had a good amount of muscle and definition from his time in the military and chasing Sherlock around London, and the shirt was tight enough to show that off. Greg seemed to notice too, much to Mycroft's irritation.
Sherlock froze initially, causing John to stop and pull away. Sherlock wasn’t rejecting him, however; he was taking in the data. Was this a new step in their relationship? Were they to now begin a romantic involvement? Was he supposed to have known? How long had John felt this way? Was it all because of stress? Or did stress just cause him to act on it? Why was John pulling away? And why did he miss the tender touch?
"I'm ready to go, John." Sherlock hobbled down the hallway. John gave the woman an apologetic look and followed him out.
“I am married, you know,” Sherlock pointed out.
"Good," Sherlock gave a soft smile. "I'm...proud of you."
"Well, Dr. Watson," the doctor carried on, "can YOU tell me what's going on?"
Sherlock turned his attention to the embarrassed Dr. White.
The woman had appeared in 221B. Sherlock had turned around from his experiment to the sound of footsteps coming up the stairs that his subconscious read at Not John. He stood to find Irene Adler walk in the room as if she owned it. He was a bit surprised as the day before, not only could he not get a solid deduction about her, but also because she refused to give any helpful details to the police.
“Drugs busts?” John interrupted. “Why would they think to do drugs busts?”
“You wouldn’t believe us if we told you,” John smiled.
“Because when I caught word of what was happening to you, and I realized what you were, I knew I couldn’t leave someone like me,” John’s mouth twisted as he realized that answer wasn’t the full truth. “Well, and because once I met you, you were...interesting...and you seemed nice enough, and you…. Well, it was the right thing to do!”
And if the affection was a bit premature, well then- the world could get the hell over it. John was kissing his arse, and he damn well liked it.
"Calm down? I need to bloody calm down when my John is sitting in a room, injured, because of me taking on your dirty work?! You imbeciles," he growled.
“Mr. Holmes,” Irene said, “do you know why I sought you out in private?”
“Because we weren’t...this,” Sherlock motioned between them.
“Mmm prancing about in that tight purple shirt, those ridiculous black pants, artfully messing your hair, throwing yourself around while being the cleverest person in the room so loudly….it’s just like you are showing off your colors for me, like I’m a mate you’re trying to secure,” John giggled.
"I would say I'm sorry, if that was what this situation called for," Sherlock said. "But judging by your reaction…I would assume that-"
“Flirting? Flirting with whom?”
"Never thought I would see the day where someone had control over Sherlock Holmes," Mycroft sneered, but Sherlock saw it for the good natured teasing it was:
“Sherlock is very good at what he does. I was never surprised people noticed.”
"Shut up, you bumbling band of idiots!" Mycroft barked, losing his temper. He was frustrated, furious, and aroused in equal measure. Jealousy did not become the Holmes boys, except, well, when it did.
“What I mean is that Magnussen. Magnussen is like a shark – it’s the only way I can describe him. Have you ever been to the shark tank at the London Aquarium, John – stood up close to the glass? Those floating flat faces, those dead eyes ... That’s what he is. I’ve dealt with murderers, psychopaths, terrorists, serial killers. None of them can turn my stomach like Charles Augustus Magnussen.
"What's going on, freak?" Donovan asked. She followed his gaze and gasped at the sight of her boss and the doctor.
"How will he put him in prison?" Anderson asked.
“Come on, kettle’s boiling,” John turned to fix the tea.
John grinned. “Yes, I married a peacock of a man. Good to see you again, Ms. Adler.”
“You know I’d do most anything for you, John.”
One night, there was a new guard. Sherlock didn’t take much notice, instead turning in on himself to ignore the pain and itching of his quickly-healing skin and organs. However, he was brought out of his reverie by the sound of his cell opening. He opened his eyes and saw the guard locking the door behind him. Sherlock paled as he pictured what humiliations this guard was looking to thrust upon him.
“You’re getting me out of here?” he questioned.
"Oh wait," John pulled back for a minute, and Mycroft had the blind hope he would stop this madness.
“What would your job be?”
“Because it was an excuse and they knew they wouldn’t find any. Trust me.” Sherlock insisted.
John reaches out and runs the pad of his thumb up the soft foreskin. The center is still slightly stiff and John can feel Sherlock’s body react to the light touch, Sherlock’s hips shifting forward just a bit, the plane of his stomach quivering, a quick, sharp intake of breath. Small tells that prove John is on the right track. John does it again, a slow swipe, smoothing the folds up, and then back down, the skin gliding around the thickening core. With each pass Sherlock grows a little harder, and his attention shifts off John, his gaze cast downwards, teeth sunk into his bottom lip.
“Barely. You?”
“There’s a pub I know of. It’s about thirty minutes away. Can you wait that long?”
“Wait,” Sherlock says, turning back towards the door and speaking over his shoulder. “Let me help. Just hang on a tick.”
John looks down.
Happy.
John hums. It’s entirely accurate. “Kiss me.”
“Course you would. You’re a man,” Zoe said, testily.
When they’re moving together like this.
“You said earlier that you were celibate, not dead.”
There in the kitchen, in the middle of a perfectly ordinary Wednesday afternoon, when, according to the laws that dictated our universe, John was supposed to be at work, I bent my knees, and with his hips bruising beneath my hands, his arse slapping against my stomach, the chocolate squelching between his legs, I began to move. I could feel the slick hard seam of his perineum rubbing against the top of my cock, providing delicious friction. The tight circle of his inner thighs squeezed me like a fist; I fucked into it hard and quick. And each time I pushed in all the way, my head popped out the other side, brushing against the underside of John’s bollocks, his hair coarse and rough against the aching, leaking head of my cock.
So gently.
“Is that all?”
John chuckles, his fingers lightly tracing Sherlock’s spine.
Sherlock shook his head, his cheeks wet. He swiped at them with his fingers.
matter. Sherlock, I need you to understand that your safety is—“
His heels shift against the mattress, restive. His eyes are liquid, blue blistered black, gleaming.
“You can share.”
“Ah,” John says. “I see. Moriarty has diversified interests then.”
“What would be the worst case scenario if Sherlock found out?”
“And lick.”
Sherlock rubs his thumbs up and down John’s spine, undoing the stress of the day one knot at a time. John feels the last of his fear leave him as his breath slows. He sinks into Sherlock, into the feeling of being home. Home when the air outside is chill and biting. Home with the night outside, kept at bay by the warm lights of the fire, the lamplight, the fairy lights, the tree. Home and the day behind him. Home and in the arms of his love. Tucked beneath the duvet, their bodies make their own heat, a small, warm, soft haven. John opens his eyes again and lets his gaze drift to the tree, the fire place, and up to the mantle…
********
You want to write: do you remember? Do you remember the first time our eyes met? Do you remember that shocking electric pulse? Do you remember the heart hunger hand hunger mouth hunger body hunger wracking you before we touched? Do you remember what it felt like when I was inside you, when you were inside me? Do you remember your mouth on my mouth on my skin on yours?
And then, as Sherlock comes slowly back to himself, he is aware of John wrapping Sherlock’s beard burned cheeks around the thick hot shaft of his cock and thrusting into the slippery tight channel, swearing colourfully above and behind Sherlock, until mere moments later Sherlock feels the wet splash of John’s come spatter across his back.
Sherlock kisses his knuckles, drifts them down to kiss the heart of John’s palm.
“And lick…”
John’s eyes instinctively skip around, but no one is paying him any mind. John’s absence has been noted by only Harry, who occasionally sends him wide eyed glances coupled with swift jerks of her head for him to join them, but otherwise John is alone. He turns his attention back to his mobile.
“What else?”
Thank you so much for all of your support for Guilty Secrets. I cannot tell you how much it meant to me. I really hope you like the epilogue too <3 <3 <3 <3
And I did nothing but offer myself up to it, baring myself to it, surrendering to the whetted sluice of it.
He goes completely still.
Sherlock picks up the package and sets it on the table in front of John.
John pulls back.
“You’re brilliant,” Sherlock whispers, sincere for once, and John smiles against his warm skin.
You know all too well what it’s like to walk with death as a companion. You know the shadow it casts and you can read his apprehension, his fear, his resignation in the way he’s coming apart in front of you. The tense line of his shoulders, his fingers trembling on the laces, the way he’s giving himself to you, as if you might be able to keep him together for one more night.
“Wanker,” John grumbles, just as Sherlock slides his hand down to John’s waist and
I hope you liked spending time with my John and Sherlock. And mostly I hope that you never stop exploring who you are and what you want. It's never too late. Who knows? A prostate exam and a drumstick might lie around the next corner ;).
John spreads his hands. “I went to war to chase it. And when I got shot and couldn’t seek it that way, I became a gambler. I lost a sizeable chunk of my inheritance playing at high stakes online poker. And when my family cut off my money and told me I had to work for the funds I wanted to piss away, I sought out relationships predicated on high-octane sex. Particularly, public sex where the chance of being caught is almost a constant.
To slip into this new space.
You return and solve more cases. Write more blog posts. You quit smoking again.
Fingertips digging into the hinge of Sherlock’s body and tugging him up and back so that John, cock in hand, can sink
s                 l            ow                                  ly
Shirt, ruined, pushed down to his elbows. Pinioned.
“—and the rule is that there is no dating. No sex. Not while you’re a participant.”
that did it, but…
Sherlock texted back,
My John, he was a man who appreciated structure.
Sherlock explodes out of his seat with propulsive force and paces in the aisle.
“Yes,” John says slowly, not understanding. “Just like that.”
John tries to think back to the person he had been before he shipped out for Kandahar. He had seen the world in strokes of black and white.
“We’ll be down in a minute,” John calls and he can hear Lestrade muttering something rude and his footsteps stomping off the riser at the bottom of John’s stairs.
“How long do we have to respond?” Sherlock asks, his gaze sweeping back to Irene as if not even hearing John. Rattled, John steps to the side and sinks down onto the bed.
“Mouse traps.” Sherlock repeats as if John is an idiot. There are two red blotches burnt into Sherlock’s cheekbones. “For the mouse. In your bed.”
“You have it.”
His chest is flushed and his cock is leaking. Clear fluid pools in his belly button. The tip is bruised a deep purple, the slit, a glossy blood red. John’s never been this hard. Sweat smarts in the corners of his eyes. He blinks it away and reaches down.
“John—“
Knuckles lightly grazing John’s belly. John’s whole body jerks at the touch.
It is exponentially more astonishing to Sherlock that he does not use this power to control or coerce or manipulate. There is little to no arrogance to him, only a quiet confidence, an assured competence, that Sherlock finds incredibly sexy and compelling.
“One hour forty-two minutes.”
He covers his face with his hands for a moment and then drags his fists over his cheeks, wiping up the sticky, snotty mess he’s made of himself. The hair below his left ear is soaked and spiked, he pets it down.
“That I won’t leave. It feels like— he says I love you, alright? Every night, right before we fall asleep. He says it like he’s ticking it off a list. I know, I know, he means it. But, he’s said hasn’t he? He’s said that he doesn’t know how to go about it, the love bit. And it feels like insecurity, yeah? Like he’s uncertain of me. Or, of us. Like he feels like if he doesn’t say it, it won’t be real. I want him to know it’s real.”
John’s heart is beating rabbit quick inside his chest.
He groans for good measure around his finger. Closing his eyes at the saltbitter taste like it’s the best thing he’s had in weeks.
She rocks with him.
It was late August. Summer last.
“Are you going back to sleep?” John asks, standing.
When he’s woken the clock reads 8pm. Sherlock is kneeling beside the bed.
“Then tell me what they are.”
This was the British equivalent of losing one’s honor. He would be expected to fall on his sword when he was done.
He sounds…nervous.
“It’s a surprise,” Sherlock says, smirking again and looking unbelievably rakish and handsome as he does it.
Releases.
“No,” John says, as Sherlock carelessly tosses it onto the kitchen table where it bounces to the middle. John’s heart seizes as it clatters about.
“I’m your fiancee now, not your boyfriend.”
“I know,” John says, canting his head up. “I’m not an idiot. I know better than to stand between you and a case.”
In our bed, in our home in Sussex, on a Saturday with nothing to do but what we like. His hair sticking up all over and stubble burn on his throat, he looks sex-tumbled and sleep-mussed and freckled and golden and absolutely lovely and, well…
Someone, either Evan or John, got him to get back into bed, tucked him in. He couldn't remember if he dreamed it or not, but he could vaguely remember someone stroking his hair as he fell asleep. It didn’t take long, Sherlock had been exhausted from the emotional toll of remembering what he had done to James the night before he died for Sherlock.
Sherlock bows off the bed.
“That wasn’t at all how I saw this going,” you said, later, as we put our damp clothes back on in the waning light of early evening. There was a break in the storm and we needed to take advantage of it while we could.
“You and Sherlock. Are.
So for now he sits in the meetings and makes friendly. This last one before lunch is on the future of med tech and where the company plans to strike ground next. The woman at the front of the room is explaining how Watson Tech fits into their plans. It is all polished, all glossy, all front. Much like Irene herself. Beside him Sherlock is silent, pale, closed off. John doesn't take the amount of courage it had to take for Sherlock to reveal all of that to John lightly. John knows that that level of vulnerability can leave one feeling shaken, especially if it's something they're ashamed about, which Sherlock obviously is.
“All right, I think that’s everyone tucked in,” John said, coming into the sitting room, smiling and a bit flushed after putting his mother and daughter to bed, a freshly poured wine for himself and a tea for Sherlock in his hands.
Firm wet strokes, getting John soaked.
“Well go on then. Give us a kiss,” John says, threading his right hand into Sherlock’s hair and urging him gently downwards.
“That’ll be your confirmation email,” John says, starting to sidle along the row of desks as he spots a patron waiting at the front of the library. He recognizes her, a regular, dressed in the bright red uniform of the Royal Mail. Ian, the front desk clerk, is nowhere to be seen.
He kept coming back to Oliver Pollack. Sherlock didn’t know the man well. He was new to beekeeping and kept to himself at meetings, only speaking to answer questions put to him by the council. By now news of Sherlock’s misfortune would have reached the rest of the association, but Sherlock felt the need to warn Oliver personally. His phone battery was still dead so Sherlock plugged it in to charge and went to make another cup of tea. While he waited for the water to boil he unpacked the crate that Zoe had sent him home with. He found labels for his honey bottles, including a special set for the Christmas markets that Sussex held, with sprigs of holly adorning the edges. He had already deposited the cheeses— stilton, goat, cheddar—into the fridge earlier, but now he pulled out the pie tin that Ellen had tucked inside and took it into the sitting room with him.
“What’s the lucky girl’s name?”
“Well, that’s fantastic news. I was so worried…I thought for sure...” John pushed a hand through his fringe, making it stand on all ends. “Christ, I honestly have no idea what to do with that information. I’m really out of my depth here.”
Despite what had happened the night before, despite Amelia bloody Cartwright, you have to know it in your heart.
“The greatest orgasm of my life, huh?”
Pulling on a pair of latex gloves with a snap, Sherlock picks up one of the ropes from the ground. Strokes it. Sniffs it. For one wild moment John thinks he is going to lick it, but instead Sherlock tilts his head back to look up at the heavy drapes that lie over the window to his right. The ropes, John sees now, are made of the same robin’s egg blue velvet. The knots which the assailant had secured the woman to the chair still intact. Someone had cut her free with scissors.
They break apart gasping. Foreheads pushing into each other. Sweat beading between them, wherever they are touching.
“Him?” Mary’s face is turning a mottled purplish-red to match the bump on her head. “I don’t have any clue who you’re talking about!” The girl looks up at her mother for support, but Theresa’s eyes are closed and she’s blanched white. “Mum?”
“I can smell you,” John says, his hands sliding up to curl around Sherlock’s hips and bring him closer. Sherlock can feel the movement of John’s breath as he breathes in deeply through his nose. “I can always smell you when you want me like this, Sherlock. It makes my mouth water and I itch to touch you. When you were in my office sometimes I could smell it, your longing, and it’d make my cock hard and my hands tense. I’d have to keep myself from reaching for you and giving you relief right there on the rug.”
or just click next in the series.
He stands, buttoning the top button of his suit jacket. John is done waiting. He stands as well, gun drawn.
“Death won’t be good enough for me. He’ll want to make me pay for leaving him. You’re in danger for taking me in. He’s an extremely jealous, possessive man. I’m sorry you didn’t know that before you agreed to this.” Sherlock holds his palms up between them, looking like he might cry. “I didn’t know, the type of man you were before this started. I needed protection..I needed
“M’ morning,” Sherlock says, low and breathy, between kisses. John breathes in the sharp milky scent of him, rubbed rough at the edges with sweat and musk and spice. He kisses Sherlock’s throat. The stubbly hinge of his jaw. Nosing at the velvety lobe of his ear and into his satiny hair. He makes his way back to Sherlock’s mouth, drawing from him bone deep, thunderous sounds, Sherlock’s body molding itself to John’s, arching up.
John dropped the crop to the floor and dropped to his knees behind Sherlock, kissing the reddened skin tenderly. “You did well. You are so good to me Sherlock, so beautiful, so perfect.” Sherlock was nearly hyperventilating from the pain and pleasure and compliments.
“You remember the safe word?” John asked while rubbing Sherlock’s earlobe between his thumb and index finger. Sherlock’s features took on a slight air of annoyance and John tried not to laugh at the eye rolling that was happening even as Sherlock had his eyes closed.
“I need you, Sherlock. I want you to take me.” This was the best he could do today, making himself clear for Sherlock without being too graphic. He could feel his heart pumping in the veins on his neck. John couldn’t understand why he still felt shame and fear with bottoming, he loved it, he loved Sherlock and Sherlock enjoyed the act. He guessed he couldn’t fight the years of imprinted taboo surrounding homosexuality. He had grown up hearing gay people to be less of a man and feminine and weaker than those that were heterosexuals. In his mind he knew it to be false, he wasn’t less of a man, he didn’t think Sherlock was less of a man because of their relationship and what they did behind closed doors.
“Love you too, Sherlock.” John whispered back and pulled the covers over them. Two years ago they had finally kissed for the first time. It had been unplanned, sudden and awkward but it had led to this and John couldn’t believe how lucky he had gotten. With Sherlock’s help he had gotten his life back after the war took it from him. A lot had happened over the years but he wouldn’t change one bit of it. John was happy, truly and utterly happy.
“Sorry.” John was nearly knocked down with the door opening. The bloke was looking pleased and rubbing his lips absentmindedly on his way out. It took way too long for John to realize it was Alec Forsythe leaving the loo.
“Would it help if I promised you that I won’t die before you?” Sherlock was laughing at him without actually laughing. John would laugh too if he wasn’t feeling the remnants of fear coursing through him.
“So good.” John flexed his fingers anyway, making sure everything was actually good because he knew Sherlock would make him do it if he didn’t. Damn he loved this man.
“John?” Sherlock sounded worried as he lifted his hands free of John’s grip and turned around. John’s grip only tightened and he pushed his face into Sherlock’s neck. John breathed out and started shaking uncontrollably. “It’s fine, I’m fine.” Sherlock’s words rumbled in his chest, providing much needed comfort for John. He breathed out strongly through his mouth, trying to find the courage to say what needed to be said. Still, after all these years, he still found these moments hard. Not always, but sometimes. Sherlock had brought out the ability to speak out his feelings from John.
“You too are my life and my love.” Sherlock muttered against his neck. Either Sherlock was a mind reader or John had spoken out loud.
Cold dread set in as John searched the streets for Sherlock. “Bloody hell, Sherlock.”
John got up from the bed, his muscles stiff and went to get the riding crop. Once Sherlock saw the crop he whimpered and bit his lip. His back dipped as Sherlock pushed his backside higher up in the air. Sherlock had a thing about riding crops. At first John had been reluctant to use them in their bedroom activities because of
John could read the doubt and uncertainty in Sherlock’s eyes. He looked so sure there was no way he could orgasm without some stimulation on his prick. “You can do it, love.” The heat was coiling in John’s abdomen.
“Sherlock, are you okay?” John’s hands studied everything, his face, his shoulders, stomach, knees, legs. John’s frantic searching was interrupted by Sherlock’s hands, taking them in and inspecting John’s knuckles. They were bleeding.
“John!” Sherlock breathed out at the contact and John was momentarily distracted by seeking out Sherlock with his eyes and the way Sherlock’s face was bloodied. The man managed to buck John off because of the distraction. And then he saw black. No, he didn’t black out, he felt fury and he gave in to the monster thirsting for blood. This man had made his Sherlock bleed, had hurt him. John squared his shoulders and jumped up. The man was trying to escape, even with Greg’s gun on him, and John wasn’t going to let that happen. He raced after the man, grabbing his shoulders while dropping to his back and pushing with his legs, making the man fly over his head back towards Greg. The man looked surprised to be thrown back but jumped back up fast. His stance told John he was trained in fighting and John couldn’t help but to grin; the monster would get its’ blood after all.
“No, please don’t.” John wasn’t sure how he got the words out. He was trembling as Sherlock finally pushed himself in and started fucking him. His head was thrown back in pleasure as he finally came in sweet release, spilling all over the ropes and his chest. The orgasm came in waves, washing over him. John couldn’t remember a time he came as hard as he did now. Sherlock’s cock inside him was almost too much to bear. He didn’t know how it was possible but he came again as he saw Sherlock coming apart with his own orgasm. Sherlock leaned in, pressing his forehead against John’s, breathing coming rapidly.
“You are my world, John, my family.” John groans against Sherlock’s lips, hot blood coursing through his veins. Sherlock’s hands found their way to John’s arse, groping and gripping them tight and pulling John even closer to him.
Sherlock must have felt the change in him because he looked over his shoulder quizzically. He was too good at deducing and pleasure coursed through John as he saw the way his pupils dilate at what he saw John wanted. There were times he was sure Sherlock was a mind reader really, there was no way he could look at a way a person buttoned their blazer and deduce they had committed murder four years ago. True story.
Mycroft had assured him that what he was about to do was perfectly legal and they talked a little about the past. Mycroft looked as though he hadn’t slept very well, John could relate to that. John knew that he felt the loss of his baby brother keenly, knew that he felt that he had failed to protect his brother. He wouldn’t listen to John telling him that when he’d married Sherlock, his care had passed from Mycroft to him. There was nothing that either of them could have done differently. Sherlock had been happy, and in the end that’s what counted the most.
He knew of course that Sherlock wasn’t really there, but somehow talking to the urn as he made his way back to the house made him feel a little better.
Wiping his eyes, he stood and stepped onto the garden path, slowly he made his way to the end of the garden. For a few minutes he stood at the gate in silence, watching the bees flying to and fro, in and out of the hives. Softly he spoke to the urn, telling Sherlock how the hives were doing and that Mr Robertson would be taking care of them for the rest of the season, so he needn’t worry about his bees, they would be well looked after.
The next morning, he went through his usual routine and got ready for Mycroft’s arrival. Though their relationship was often strained, over the years he’d come to appreciate how much Mycroft really cared for his little brother, and now he was even gladder of Mycroft’s quiet presence; he knew that the older Holmes was mourning his brother still. He had made all the funeral arrangements that John had found himself unable to do.
“Keep telling yourself that mate.” Greg chuckled to himself before turning back to see the scene unfolding. He was treating it like it was some kind of a spectacle. All he needed was popcorn and a soda and he was set.
John could hear the water boiling and he was struck with a fear that he was dreaming. Dreaming that Sherlock was alive and fine and that he was his. With the remaining energy he could muster up, John walked to the kitchen and relief poured through him as he saw Sherlock dropping tea bags to two mugs. John stumbled across the room and plastered himself to Sherlock’s back, hugging him close and hard, breathing in his scent and basking in his warmth.
The second finger slid in with ease and with practiced fingers he located the prostate and massaged it until Sherlock was breathless and shaking with need. Then he eased up on the prostate massaging and inserted the third finger, working Sherlock open. John tried not to smile at the way Sherlock was biting his lips so he wouldn’t demand John to get a move on.
Inside Sherlock was rearranging his curls in front of the mirror. John strode across the room, crowding in his space. “He kissed you.”
“Yes.” John could almost hear the ‘
He didn’t know how long Sherlock edged him. His hands and mouth were everywhere and John was in heaven. John didn’t know how it was possible but he was lost and grounded at the same time. It was like he was out of his body but in it all at the same time. He could feel tears leaking from his eyes.
“You were going to get to work at once, but you were tired, you were kept up much too late last night…”
When Sherlock breaks away, the skin around his mouth is pink and his lips are plum dark and swollen. His eyes, as they look into John’s, are soft and open. John’s heart splits down a seam, growing bigger with everything he feels for Sherlock.
Fuck.
John’s hand
You return to the task at hand.
John tosses his cardigan in the general direction of the sofa. The black leather is cool at his back through the thin layer of his shirt as he resettles. Sherlock cups his hands around John’s ankles, strokes up the back of his calves. It tickles the hair on his legs.
“You see now, how a kiss could cause an aneurism to burst?” John asks, smiling, ok, maybe just a bit smugly, as Sherlock unhooks the stethoscope from his ears and twists to set it on the table behind him.
After a few minutes of fantastic rutting, Sherlock opens his eyes and reaches between them.
“Well, when you ask so nicely…I think perhaps we’d best get you out of these clothes.”
Kisses him as if every kiss might be their last.
Sherlock leaned his knee into John’s, gratitude, a heavy honeyed ache pulsing through him. “Thank you. I’d like that.”
And then, when Sherlock is moaning his name, his hands now pressing against the headboard, John sucks at it. Takes the vee of erectile tissue between his lips and suckles.
The clock on the bedside table reads 6:04am.
Sherlock doesn’t answer.
His breathing is ragged.
Soft touches.
Sherlock groans in appreciation, hollowing his cheeks around himself, his lips stretching out to accommodate the wider girth as his cock swells towards it root. His eyes are wide, black with pupil, and absolutely desperate. It sends a hot pulse sluicing through John. His cock jerks in response, leaving a sticky spot on his pants.
But he’s here.
Sherlock kisses the crown again, slippery, satiny, slick, his tongue flickering out against the underside, teasing at John’s frenulum, at the sensitive ridge of his vein. His hand pumps, working John’s foreskin up and down his shaft as John pulses, dripping precome onto his lips with each pass.
“It was a rare lucid moment for him. And so I shared with him that we would be getting married.” Sherlock licks his lips. “And he told me about the woman who lived here with my grandmother, her name was Anne, was really the love of my grandmother’s life. We all knew her as my grandmother’s housekeeper, who had come with her from France, where they had met during the First World War. Anne was British and I loved her dearly when I was a child. She died almost a decade before my grandmother did and now that I think about it, Grand-mere was never the same after that.”
You don’t want to see him pull away. You don’t want his eyes to flick down and away and for him to rub the back of his neck and decide you’re not worth it.
John can feel the burr of Sherlock’s voice in the pit of his stomach when Sherlock says, “Do your worst,
“But you’re—“
John’s eyes are closed.
“What would you do first?” John coaxes softly, wanting Sherlock to join in.
“I don’t care if he uses them. Sherlock, he doesn’t have anything on me. I’m not ashamed. I don’t have to agree to this. Let him release them.” John stands and steps in front of Sherlock, momentarily breaking the blistering eye contact between them. John feels a chill crackle down his spine at the detached coldness in Sherlock’s eyes when they briefly meet his own.
Sherlock was therefore content to munch an apple, to listen to the low thrum of his hives bedding down for the evening, and to watch the delicate autumn light limn the rippling water of the stream in gold.
Sherlock is coming from. Sherlock sits across his knees and drapes his arms around John’s shoulders. He leans down and rests his forehead against John’s and it’s so natural and right that it makes John’s throat hurt.
He put in a full day at the surgery three days a week. Went to bed faithfully by 10:30 every night. His days off were for cases or errands or chores. He did the shopping on Tuesdays. The laundry on Thursdays. Every other Saturday, except for when we have gone down to Sussex on a whim, he met Mike Stamford for beer and billiards. Sundays were for lying in. (Sundays, let it be known, are my absolute
“What does old Catullus have to say that’s so interesting, hmm?” John brushes his fingertips over the head of my just swelling cock.
John takes the bottle of almond oil (John detests the taste of lube) out of his pocket and sets to making Sherlock’s skin glisten. John rubs the oil over both round cheeks and up the seam that cleaves them. He reaches beneath Sherlock and wets his perineum and his fuzzy balls and then reaches up and wraps his hand around Sherlock’s cock. He gives it a few strokes, squeezing his fist around the crown and then running it down the hard shaft, before returning his slippery fingers to Sherlock’s swollen rose-pink hole. With one finger crooked over the base John pulls and the plug pops free, leaving Sherlock gaping, and John, diving forward, fits his tongue inside and runs it along the whole wide circumference. He does it, again and again, until Sherlock’s body is closing around him, the satiny channel inside clenching around him, the rim pulsing against his lips.
“They knock you out for a full day,” Sherlock countered, spooning sugar into his mug and assiduously ignoring her gaze.
The robe puddles at his waist and he is laid
Charlotte nodded and handed it to him.
He shifted around until he was looking at me, resting his chin in the center of my chest. “You will get bored of this in minutes,” he said, knowingly.
“I’m proud of you for making that connection. That shows a lot of growth, Sherlock. Perhaps a NA meeting would help?”
“Like you’re imagining me naked,” he said, raising his hands to his chest to do up the last of his buttons. I sighed. He ruined all my fun.
“It’s such a double standard, isn’t it?” Penny said. “If it were you, living in the city, traveling, enjoying your career, and only seeing your daughter at the weekend, we’d all think nothing of it. But since she’s a woman we’re socialized to think that’s unnatural.”
just…
John’s fingers fitting into the notches of Sherlock’s ribs.
John loses his grip on the spoon momentarily and it tips, dribbling ice cream onto Sherlock’s right cheek.
John must find him suitably ready because just as he leans down to kiss Sherlock, one of his tentacles moves between Sherlock’s open legs and slicks a long wet stripe against his hole.
“Sherlock.” John shakes his head, his grip tightening on where Sherlock is stroking him through the wool.
Sherlock lifts one laconic shoulder.
“So,” he says. An idea forming in his mind. “You didn’t just buy these on a whim.” Sherlock’s eyes narrow on John’s face. John’s throat is thick when he says, “Personal experience was it?”
, doubting the best of John’s intentions, but they’re all inconsequential compared to what’s building between them as they touch.
“I really should get ready for work,” John says, softly.
The breath rushed out of him.
Sherlock leans down, his face fierce. “I belong to you.”
Burst.
“Climb up,” you said and, with your help, I did.
Hell, who is he kidding? It's always been foreplay, except now there's going to be an
He sat across my thighs and dragged it across my chest and belly, rubbing lightly. The water dried cool on my skin and I trembled.
“And what, may I ask, happens when the riches lose their luster?”
“It was, in fact, not I who rang the authorities,” Mycroft said. “Your therapist was concerned when you weren’t answering your phone.”
And a soldier.
John grins.
He’s holding your hand curled right over his heart.
“You proposed.” Sherlock smiles briefly, a flash of distilled joy that lights up his entire face, before he reapplies himself to his task, brow furrowing, tongue peaking out the side of his mouth. “And I thought that this could only enhance my gift to you. You would be able to actually feel the music inside your body. Every quiver of my bow. The acoustics in room 203 are phenomenal. Surround sound. That was why I reserved it for us tonight.”
“You’ve been hard for weeks, Sherlock. It’s been very distracting.”
Grinning.
“I know I love you. I know I’m marrying you in all of twelve minutes. I know all of our friends and family are outside waiting for us. And that we had better hurry up before they come looking for us. And I know that I can’t wait until all of them are gone and I get to strip you bare and make love to my husband for the first time.”
You look up at him, through your lashes. Mouth hovering over the tip, arse in the air, back bowed, you present a picture. He watches you from beneath his arm, you can see the flicker of his lashes, the sheen of his eyes. You watch as he sinks his teeth into his lip, bites it until it’s swollen and wet and red. His knees fall out to the side. His hand slips down, out of your hair, brushing your cheek, your jaw. His thumb traces your bottom lip, attention rapt. You open and let the tip touch your tongue. He presses in, curling. You close and suck it deeper, letting your eyes flutter shut. He tastes of soap and skin.
Sherlock cuts him off by levering up and over John to grab something off the bedside table. Flouncing back down onto his side he sets it on the mattress between them.
“What?” Sherlock’s arms wind around John. Pulling him even closer.
“Beautiful, perfect boy.”
Then I could have shouted at you.
Even with the unexpected passing of his mother. There had been no relapses. He had been
“Then you had better hurry up and tell me, hadn’t you?”
And nothing—not time, not distance, not gender, not even death—is going to change that.
“All I want is for it to be based in honesty. With that as our starting point things will work for both of us.”
You were thirty-three with track marks on your arm and weighing whether or not to give yourself a second chance at living.
“You felt so good,” John murmured, flexing his thighs. Tightening and releasing me in a slow lazy rhythm. It made white stars explode behind my eyelids. “I want to make you feel good, Sherlock. Come on then, fuck me.”
I'm realizing that I'm terrible at keeping to a schedule. I've been ill and injured and in a dark mental health space that has made it difficult for me to post when I planned to, not to mention I had to re-write this scene quite a few times to get it where I wanted it. So I'm letting the every Saturday thing go. I'll try and post on the weekends when I'm able. Thanks for being here and for your understanding. I hope you and yours are well, sending love your way <3
To gauge how close he is, John reaches down and around to grip Sherlock and let the rhythm of their bodies stroke him.
Sherlock’s thumbs on John’s cheeks. His eyes clear and impossibly blue.
“How do I do that?”
Sherlock finds himself quickly divested of his clothes and being directed by John to the window that is currently looking out on what appears to be a strip of concrete warehouses. There’s a small table that’s been pulled out of a crevice in the wall below the window and Sherlock is lifted and set on top of it. John crowds between Sherlock’s legs and kisses Sherlock, bearing him back until Sherlock’s head is resting against the pane of glass.
It had been so effortless once. An addict, a stoic, a genius, a cold, calculating machine. He had turned off emotion of any kind, becoming like his father: caustic, cruel, condescending.
Sherlock’s nose scrunches up in what looks like outrage. He opens his mouth, but John gets there first. “No, I’m not interested in that pretty young girl who is at least ten years my junior. No, I’m not ever going to be interested in her and no, I don’t think you’re a handsome devil, as Nancy so astutely observed.”
Sherlock shakes his head, cock beginning to turn a deep purplish red as John moves the pad of his finger over and over and over his prostate again and again and again.
You kiss.
Perfect.
John licks. Licks it with the broad fullness of his tongue. Tasting the bitter brine of Sherlock’s salty skin, feeling the rough fretwork of his lifelines and calluses.
All of them had had evidence of American Foulbrood except for one and the inspector that Sherlock had been required by law to call in had confirmed that he would need to burn that last hive too as a precaution.
The ache coils in his belly, his balls drawing up close to his body. He breaks out in a chill, all his hair standing erect, as John braces his feet against the bed and with one last push he disintegrates into sparks and comes so hard that he screams.
“John, go ahead. We’re listening.
Sherlock moans and shakes his head. “Please.” His hand tightening on the counter. “John.”
The first bead, about the size of his fingertip, goes in easy.
Like a bloody coward.
He bites. Chews. Swallows.
My heart sped up a bit, my lips twitching, as I arched a single brow at him in question.
Their teeth bump, a sharp explosion ricocheting down John’s body to burn in his toes, as Sherlock opens his mouth and moans.
“Before we begin,” John says, with steel in his voice as he struggles to control himself. “I want a signal we can use instead of a safe word since your mouth is going to be otherwise engaged.”
“Bloody tragedy,” Lestrade says, shaking his head. “Boy had a voice like Lennon.”
Sherlock catches him at it. “What?” Chin resting on his shoulder, wooden spoon poised over the pan.
“Bugger. It was worth a try.”
I jumped a little at the deep rumble of his voice as it broke in on my thoughts. At this time of day his Scottish heritage comes out and he slightly burrs his r’s. It makes me shiver down to my toes every time. His eyes had not left the newsprint, but the corner of his mouth was twitching up. I wanted to kiss it.
“Six months ago you got down on your knees and offered me your protection without asking for anything in return. You told me that you wanted me to stop trying to keep you satisfied, do you remember that?”
John helps him step out of them and guides him to sit on the edge of his desk in his pants and socks and button down. His cock is a stiff flag standing out from his body, tenting the black cotton.
want to be fucked and—“
I leaned forward. “I
Mary babbles about how Brack was a good man who sometimes had too much to drink. And could sometimes get rough with her. Her mother, Theresa, who travels with the pair while Brack is on tour, stands stoic and silent behind her daughter. One red knuckled hand on Mary’s shoulder. Her face care-worn and wrinkled at the edges.
Doors swinging wide.
It wasn’t long before we both needed more.
Looking up at me, he took the lace in both hands and tore it away. My cock sprang out, red and rather desperate looking, and John instantly slid it between his lips.
Sherlock eyes glint at him mischievously.
Christ.
You dip your head and catch his downturned mouth. You kiss the hard corners, brush over the thin line, again and again. He breathes and breathes and breathes into you. You kiss him until he softens again, until his lips part and you can push your tongue inside. You touch the bare skin on the inside of his forearms, run your hands up, up, to touch the tender dimples of his elbows and the furred backs of his arms. He abandons his shoes and sinks his hands into your hair again. You shuffle forward on your knees until you’re pressed close between his spread thighs.
“Nothing I haven’t already given to Lestrade. All of the addresses where I lived with him have been leased under falsified identities. I told you. M is meticulous. He leaves no trace.”
John’s heart: a bud torn open; a surging, blooming, hoping thing.
He leans back against the seat, his shirt parted, waiting for further instruction.
All of it.
“Fuck,” John says, jackknifed up to sitting. Shocks crackling through him. “Are you, do you, are you sure?”
Over Pad Pong Karee with prawns, Drunken Duck, Khao pad, and Som Tum, John and Sherlock share a comfortable silence. It is broken only by the quiet conversations around them, the snap of their chopsticks colliding as they eat off each other’s plates, and the muted slurry slush of the traffic outside the window at their backs.
“Do you want me to go?”
“Sherlock, hey, look at me.”
Tracking down his spine, electric cold on his warm, getting warmer, skin.
“He looks tired. Are you tired?” Clara asks, diplomatically.
Sherlock simply nods and follows as John turns on the ball of his foot and walks in front of him, the back of his neck burning.
Sherlock whips around in his seat, searching for him.
John presses his palm over Sherlock’s heart. “I love you too.”
John places his hands either side of Sherlock’s face and hovers over him, his face cast in blue shadow, his head ringed in a halo of fizzing light.
“Thank you,” Sherlock says, suddenly. “Thank you. You’re so fucking beautiful right now, John. I—“ he cuts himself off, swallowing hard, and John smiles up at him in the mirror. Mouths,
“I know,” John says. “What is it then?”
John, comforted by the proximity, takes a sip.
“Thank you.” Tom took a deep breath. “I made the call to the police because I truly believed in that moment that you were at risk of harm. When I, nor the colleague I asked to reach out to you since my mobile reception was patchy, could get a hold of you I felt that I needed to take steps to ensure your safety. I am legally bound to this as a therapist, it’s true, but Sherlock, I also deeply care about your well being.”
Sherlock jerks back, scalded.
His fish and chips finished.
Sherlock’s quiet, still pumping his fingers slowly, slowly, torturously slowly, inside John. John, his desperate heart pounding, hammering, yammering against his ribs, reaches between them and takes them in hand. Their cocks are slick with pre-come and sweat and glide against each other. John can’t fit them both in his hand at once so he drags his palm over the silky, plump heads. Opens his mouth against Sherlock’s and sucks on his tongue. John clenches around Sherlock and Sherlock groans, pushing his cock into John’s hand.
, his eyes sparkled at me, and, gauntlet thrown, I leaned against the door frame, folding my arms across my chest and letting my eyes rake over him.
“Want to come up here?” Sherlock asks, his chins pleating up—John counts at least six—with pillow creases on his right cheek.
John lies face down on top of the towels. The room stands empty around them, the bed dominating the space, the white walls bathed in a pulsing citron gold. He looks up at Sherlock and smiles as Sherlock climbs up to kneel beside him.
On Sunday evening, in the effervescent champagne light of sunset, Sherlock sat on top of the stone wall that ran along the stream that separated his blackberry hives from the pasture of Rachel Blum, a young Jewish woman who ran a collective farming community on twelve acres of land she had bought cheap from a German widow who had attended her synagogue. Rachel had called him that morning to say that she had a bushel of apples for Sherlock, claiming that ever since Sherlock had put his hives on her property, her harvest each fall had been sweeter and more profuse. Sherlock had brought over a gallon of honey with him, payment of his rent for the year.
He’s bloody gorgeous.
“There’s coffee and toast when you’re up,” Ellen called from the kitchen, unaware of Sherlock’s predicament.
“Shh,” he says to John’s indignant whining. He sits down on the seat, on top of the towels and from the box pulls out a condom. Which he quickly rolls onto his erection. “Come here.”
Sherlock headed northeast, walking towards the back pasture where he knew Polk kept his hives. Finding it empty, Sherlock skirted the barbed wire fence, tall wet grass slicking itself to his boots, his eyes searching for any sign of the missing hives.
“Oh, fuck yeah,” John breathes, blood pounding through his body as Sherlock probes inside John’s dick to uncover every secret flavour.
That is not his reflection in the mirror. The man looks like him. Silver fringe over a pale haggard face. Bags under his eyes, the poor sod. Thin lips. Not much to look at all things considered. His eyes move lower, to the man's ruined shoulder. His scar, a starburst of white puckered skin knit with fine threads of pink scar tissue. Bit soft round the middle too. Should probably take up running again soon if he's smart. The man looks like him, but this man, this mirror John, he is about to stick a massive purple dildo up his arse.
Resting his elbow on the back of the bench John leaned in, his mouth close to my ear. “Are you wearing them?”
John is just leaning back down to kiss Sherlock once more when suddenly Sherlock is flipping them and John lands with a surprised “oomph” on his back.
“Yes,” I gasped and leaned into his mouth. He plunged his tongue inside my ear and I groaned, loud and uninhibited. The music covered any noise we might make. John was a genius. He had chosen a public place to have sex where we needn’t be worried about how loud we got. Despite my fantasy from earlier this seemed like a more perfect option.
John goes. He’s brushing his teeth with one of the extra toothbrushes that Sherlock keeps stored underneath the sink—apparently he buys in bulk, which John finds oddly endearing—when Sherlock stumbles through the en suite door.
The girl turned and blinked at him, her short white-blonde hair falling in her eyes. It was cut only a little longer than a boy’s, just brushing the lobes of her ears. A small pink barrette shone out from between the strands, doing a poor job of holding back her fringe.
He’s lucky he doesn’t drop his mug.
John glances up at him and sees that he’s blushing. Two red splotches scalded high on his cheeks.
“I know an addict when I see one,” Sherlock says slowly, watching John’s face closely. “And I think that before we agree to anything we need to have all of our cards on the table. I am addicted to mind altering experiences that force my brain to shut off. Cocaine and sex, to name the top two. I think, John, that you are addicted to danger.”
The way it hammers away at your chest as you sink down on him, the round head nudging along the top of your palate, the seawater taste of him leaking all over the inside of your cheeks. Your lungs burn as your lips meet the top of your fist, the backs of your eyes smarting with tears when you pull up and off.
Think.
“No,” John says, “but you can set one up for yourself on your mobile if you like.”
Love is an endless falling.
“Yes.”
“Prat,” John says affectionately, as they settle down once more.
Harry chimes in helpfully, “It’s because you’re uptight, love.”
Lips against John’s ear, murmuring nonsense, murmuring love, Sherlock’s body caging him in, above him, around him, there is only Sherlock. They kiss dreamy slow. Sherlock’s fingers in John’s hair. John’s hands cupping the arc of his ribs. Their bodies rocking together down below. Time moves slower, a string of moments, delicate as spider silk, spun out. The light changing, blue to white, the morning stealing in, the only sign of its passage.
“Oh, yes, oh, please. I want it so badly.”
“Oh, Jesus buggering fuck. What the hell?” Sherlock is sitting back on his heels smirking over John’s rock hard, still hard, still standing straight up in the air, cock.
despite the effort,
In all of his beautiful broken pieces.
tools for the job. These are much more appropriate for prostate stimulation. You can thank me by kindly accompanying me to my solicitor’s office on Monday to have our deed notarized.”
Rolling over onto his side John switches on his bedside lamp. The light is warmer and forces the blue back to press against the window panes. Lying back down he pulls the flat sheet up over his legs.
Sherlock is standing on his coffee table, hands on his hips, staring at the wall above his sofa, which is covered in tacked up clues.
God, help me, I did as you asked.
Sherlock, his eyes two dark pools laced with moonlight, lowers his head.
White snow forged light streams in through the windows. Fat white flakes float lazily by.
“You really should have guessed.”
want to come with you and
“Just nice?” Ellen repeated, raising her eyebrows.
)— I felt sick with self-loathing and panic. What if tonight was the night he never returned? What if this was it? The last straw? What would I do then? My stomach cramped at the thought. I must find him. I must.
-And as always, I'm grateful for any and all support and deeply appreciate comments. I also know not everyone is this type of reader, so: thank you for reading, in any way, shape or form. <3
John huffed a laugh, the skin around his eyes crinkling. “I’m afraid the cat’s fairly useless, but he’s at your service.”
the plump cheeks together
“Yeah.”
“She did,” Sherlock said, angry and taking it out on the wrong person. Clearly, since John had proven himself to be, thus far, a better father than Sherlock’s ever was, but still. It rankled. Got under his skin. “She asked me to call her Charlotte today. She said that was her name when she was a boy and that you still called her by it because of that.”
“You’ll be my whore. My slut. Mine to do with as I like.”
“Don’t you dare,” Sherlock says, eyes wide, but, oh,  John does dare.
“This is a question of mental health, not a question of your fitness as a partner. Do you understand that?”
“Yes, sir.”
John’s own body feels heavy. The echo of Sherlock still inside him from earlier. A memory. A pressure building under his skin, but he knows, he knows, that even if he’s hard, there is no way he’ll be able to come again. Not three times. And he wants…he wants to take care of Sherlock.
This man grows more confounding and self-flagellating by the minute. Sherlock grinds his teeth to keep from saying something he will regret. He reminds himself that he needs John to like him and that John did not like it when Sherlock acted out. John wants Sherlock to do what he desires, and Sherlock desires to become necessary to John, wants John to crave him, so…
He focuses on the the smell of woodsmoke and the clean soapy scent of Sherlock’s skin as he takes in deep breaths through his nose. He shifts a bit until he finds a position he’s comfortable in. Once he stills, Sherlock’s hands settle in his hair.
“Watson—“
Iridescent rainbows there and gone.
Harry narrows her eyes at Clara. “We met when I spilt my lager on you at a footie match.”
He spun and staggered to where the red velvet drapes hung, tied off to either side of the small balcony. The stage was directly below us and the sound of the orchestra was almost overwhelming in it’s power. The feeling of the music inside my chest, as intoxicating as a drug, in tandem with the look in John’s eyes as he turned and pinned me to the door with his gaze, my legs nearly buckled beneath me.
Sherlock nods, grateful to have it acknowledged. “A bit.”
He rolls over, painting himself over Sherlock in a messy splash.
“Don’t let me distract you,” he mumbled against my lips, the utter cad, doing exactly that. He kissed me even deeper still, stealing any chance of a reply, and I found myself rutting helplessly against our mattress, my heart beginning to race a bit quicker than I would have liked at that stage of the game.
There’s no question mark. Just the sharp snick of the box opening. The wet gleam of the gold, flames licking up the curve of it.
“If you’d like, that is.”
“It’s not much, but what’s here is yours,” John says, trying not to squirm under the scrutiny.
You, watching while I chatted her up. While she touched my shoulder, my waist. A dance, a flirtation of smiles and eyes.
It makes a world of difference. Both cocks slipping slippery perfect against each other, foreskins shining as they glide up and down in Sherlock’s strong grip. John drops his chin down to his chest and cups Sherlock’s face with both hands. Stroking his thumbs over bladed cheekbones, over to the soft lobes of his ears, and back. Love in his touch, love in his eyes.
The metal grate of the floor digs into John’s knees as he kneels, thumbs hooked over the waist of Sherlock’s trousers and pants, dragging them down. Over the fuzzy arcs of his thighs, to catch around his spread knees.
John’s mouth is sure and practiced. He knows just how to lick Sherlock to melt him into a puddle of moaning goo. Sherlock’s poor engorged cock is trapped in pillow down, its softness not providing nearly enough friction to help as Sherlock thrusts his arse back against John’s mouth, only to be pushed forward again into clouds. It’s maddening and Sherlock’s mind scrabbles for purchase in a sea of sensation.
The air is thick with the smell of his musk, mingling with the leather.
John leaves Sherlock asleep in bed and walks out to the kitchenette with his mobile. He’s sure that his decision not to attend the gala has created waves and he needs to check the status reports from his people. Though John doesn’t regret taking Sherlock back to the hotel he knows others would have taken the brunt of their host’s displeasure on his account.
“No. Are you?”
“I want to give you what you want, Sherlock. So tell me. Tell me what you want Daddy to do to help you.”
Zoe nodded. “Sure. I’ll add it to the box.”
“I know someone who needs to be sodded and it isn’t my fucking puzzle.”
Cock.
“Kneel up here. Face my feet.”
3 weeks on, 2 weeks off, sorry y'all! Was out of town and then hit a string of pretty intense PMDD days that knocked me out of the game. Today's not even Saturday, it's Sunday! So much for my hope that I'd be able to stick to a steady schedule. LOL. Oh well, gonna lend myself some grace and try again next week. I hope you're all exceedingly well <3
The sharp report cracks through the quiet hallway like a gunshot.
The shush of the car tires on the street. Muffled. The rain making seaweed patterns on the green walls. Dappling Sherlock in light.
“All right?” Sherlock asks, and John tugs at his bindings to test them. He nods. They’re not too tight to cut off circulation, not too loose that he could easily slip out of them.
He could turn the key and be at the liquor shop in under ten minutes. He could have cigarettes and vodka. He could make this whole day disappear.
His heart does a flip.
“He’s ours?” Oh, the wide open blue of his eyes. Oh, the wobbly disbelief of his lips. Oh, the pure unadulterated happiness glowing on his face when he knelt down in front of me and reached out with both hands.
“What was that?”
“I…” Sherlock starts and then stops. John can hear him swallow.
“That’s very noble of you, John, however might you consider that I’d like to have sex with you, perhaps? That I’d like to be intimate with my husband even if he’d rather spend time tending to the muscled nuisance of a neighbour while his sexually defunct partner withers away in the background? Is that so surprising? That I’d want my husband to remember why he ever bothered with me in the first place?”
“You’re a bit impertinent, you know that?” John says, fondly. “Just for that, I should make you wait.”
“Are there very many ways of keeping bees?” John asked, his elbow now slung over the back of his chair. There was laughter from the other end of the table and all of their eyes flicked down to watch Zoe, Evan, and Penny hooting over something Hayley had said. She was mid story, cutting up and pantomiming wildly. Sherlock watched Charlotte’s upturned face ping pong back and forth between the adults, the joke above her age level.
“You eat them at night while you’re watching telly. Sometimes when you’re reading the papers in the afternoon. Sometimes you grab one on your way out to the clinic in the morning. I don’t think you’re even aware of it.”
“A detective agency.”
John wraps his legs and arms around him. Holds him.
“You’re not intrigued?”
His knuckles ached for the rap of the front door beneath them. His chest tight with the anger he longed to unleash.
The water begins to boil, rumbling through the room and the fraught anticipation that John has introduced between them.
“John.”
“It makes us vulnerable—“
Theresa, her eyes still shut tight, whispers, “The roof. He’s on the roof.”
His cock stands straight out from his body. Wine red and shining.
He rubs the trickling oil into John’s bollocks, rolling them in his palm, massaging it into John’s perineum and briefly, too briefly, over the entrance to John’s body. Sherlock moves back up, skimming lightly over John’s stomach and chest, over his shoulders.
“I don’t know if I’ve ever heard something so wonderful in my whole life,” John says, voice choked, his eyes gleaming so bright, that Sherlock has to look away, has to lay his head back down on John’s chest, not knowing what his face would give away if he didn’t. “Thank you, Sherlock.” John’s hands: his hair, his back, the shell of his ear, the nape of his neck.
“Never?”
“Face the windshield.”
“Sherlock, in our community it’s not uncommon for men to have relationships with multiple people at the same time. Each one fulfills different things.”
“There were whole parts of yourself you refused to acknowledge. It confounded me for a long time.”
Yeah.
You’re standing at the kitchen sink eating a plum when you hear the water turn off.
He has been to war.
“We probably won’t survive this.”
Sherlock considered lying to her. Giving her what she needed to leave him alone. The urge to use was so strong, it almost overpowered him.
Sherlock blinked, wanting Evan to go away, wanting John to say whatever he had been about to say, wanting John to keep his hand on his arm.
“What do
“In a minute,” you say, resisting, unable to stop the pleased smile from curving your mouth or the blush from pinking your cheeks. He grins at you and with a fault line cracking through you, you feel
“I have to.”
I made my way into the kitchen and stopped short in the doorway.
Crackling through him to spark in his fingertips and toes.
“I’d like you to surrender yourself to me, Sherlock,” John says, his strong hands cupping Sherlock’s ribs, his blue eyes canted up at Sherlock through blunt dark lashes, all of him bathed in warm honeyed light. The words work like magic on Sherlock and he feels them flow through his body, relaxing him.
He’s close. You can feel how his cock grows harder between your lips, the vein pulsating, the pressure building in the tight knots of his thighs. His hips buck in tiny thrusts and you focus your mouth on his crown, sucking, sucking, while your hand pulls at him below.
***********
Lowers himself down the slick hard length of him until he’s settled in Sherlock’s lap, deliciously full of cock, arse cupped by Sherlock’s long, hard thighs, his legs spread to either side. Sherlock’s palm is heavy on John’s Adam’s apple. He swallows and feels it ride, up and down against the heat of his hand.
There will definitely be an epilogue at some point, so if you would like to keep your subscription active you'll know when it posts. :)
“And then I found you beating a corpse!” he repeated joyfully, his chest vibrating beneath me.
“Anytime you need seeing to, I’ll be there,” John says, licking into Sherlock’s ear. Pushing the wet tip of his tongue inside and letting his breath cool the skin before he does it again. “I’ll be there for you, I’ll be so hard and good for you, Sherlock, for whatever you need.”
John draws his hand back down, trailing his fingers through the soft silky hair that runs below Sherlock’s belly button and takes him once more in hand. Heavy and long and beating blood hot against his palm.
John laughs. Sucks in a sharp breath as Sherlock nips at his bottom lip. Then sucks gently at the burn. His gravelly voice rumbles down into John’s chest. “I prepared myself in the shower, thinking about you. I think about you all day. I want you all the time. I’ve added a new room. A new room filled only with all the ways I want to make you come. Everywhere I want to kiss you. All the expressions and sounds and smells I want to collect. All the ones I already have. At this rate I’ll have to add a wing. I’m constantly driven to distraction. Does it stop? It must. It has to, but god, I want to live in that room.”
“Thank you,” he said, as Sherlock turned to hand him the food. “Thank you for the sugar. And this. And for earlier, for sitting with Charlotte. She hasn’t been able to stop talking about it.” His eyes creased at their corners, his mouth inching up to one side. “And thanks for having the courage to be honest with me. That’s rather rare, I think. I appreciate it.”
Who knew what miracle window had opened to allow me this moment, but I was telling you before that I am given to gratitude and grateful I was for the blade of arousal slitting through me.
“Oh, Daddy,
“See this?” Charlotte pointed her finger to Sherlock’s picture. “This is how bees talk to each other.” John raised his eyebrows. “They wiggle about? What's that called...hmm, oh right, twerking! Bees twerk? They're the original twerkers?”
Joins his flame to Sherlock’s.
“Doesn’t everyone?”
Another flicker.
He is a doctor.
, though he has never had cause to describe anything else this way in his life so he feels unsure, but— “...and when I look at you like this, it reminds you that you’re safe.”
“I’ve never seen you quite so polite,” John murmurs as they follow the Frenchman down the hallway towards a door at the opposite end. There are framed photographs on the wall of naked bodies in snapshot. Tastefully erotic. Suggestive. A titillation of flesh.
“Ah, well, you should have. Me being the notorious flirt of the village, and all.”
“Come on,” John says, holding out his hand, and waits as Sherlock puts his trousers to rights.
He lay there for a second on the sagging air mattress, the air below him uncomfortably cold. His body hovered just above the hardwood floor, air seeping out through some unknown hole. He was afraid to disturb the delicate balance of the thing, which felt much like a waterbed, ready to send him toppling to the floor at any moment.
again?”
“I don’t take any of this lightly, Sherlock. I know it must feel like you’re in free fall right now.”
And moans.
“Ellen, would you mind giving us a minute?” Sherlock asked, finding John and Ellen at the sink, John washing dishes and Ellen drying. Ellen patted his shoulder and handed him the dish towel she was holding.
(See the end of the chapter for
Honestly, folx, I start grad school again on Monday and I've been writing at a fever pace over the last few weeks because I'm not sure if I'll have much time over the next few months to write. This interlude will be broken up into multiple, POV shifting chapters (I'm experimenting with how that affects pacing/tension build up/etc.) and I'll try and post as many of them as I can before reality hits tomorrow! Sending you all love. I hope you and yours are healthy and well.
“There can be no more secrets between us, Sherlock. Do you understand why?”
Sherlock flops backwards, almost dislodging John from his lap, and flails a hand out towards his bedside table. He switches on the light and they both flinch at the sudden brightness. A minute later he produces a bottle identical to the one that he had ordered for John.
, Sherlock, his eyes bright above his blue scarf, with twinkling Christmas lights winking off the high gloss of his curls, his hands full of shopping bags, says, “I used to live just over there,” nodding his head in the general direction of the British Museum, John thinks. “Montague Street,” Sherlock confirms a moment later. “Mycroft had me transferred to University of London when I…” Sherlock glances at John and John nods, to say he understands, because he is aware of Sherlock’s past, but Sherlock pushes it out anyway, in a rush, “When I overdosed for the second time as I was getting my doctorate at Oxford,” and John swallows around the raw December air, helpless. Sherlock clears his throat.
“Eyes on me, Sherlock.” John kneeled on the side of the bed and smiled at Sherlock once he had his head turned towards him. John had his hand still on Sherlock’s head, massaging the scalp and he leaned in to place a kiss on Sherlock’s forehead.
“Good,” The handcuffs were on the bedside table. John hooked them around the bedpost and fastened them securely on Sherlock’s wrists. John got up and pulled the jumper over his head.
They were investigating a lead in a gay nightclub and Sherlock was currently leaning way too close to their suspect and casually resting his hand on the guy’s hip.
Before John could orgasm, Sherlock removed his hand and kissed John gently on his eyelids before muttering sweet nothings in his ear. Pleasure, pain and lust was all John knew. Sherlock was so good at keeping him close to the edge and John lost all coherent thought.
No, that doesn’t work either
even though Sherlock tried extremely hard not to let it show. It was endearing. Sometimes Sherlock pushed back, all too clearly craving for John to show his dominance and pushing the boundaries between pain and pleasure.
“Okay?” Even though he basically ordered Sherlock to do what he wanted, he needed to know he was up for it.
“Yes.” Blood was pumping in John’s ears as he pushed himself against Sherlock, pinning him to the wall. John pushed his hand to Sherlock’s hair, gripping it tightly and noticing pleasantly how Sherlock’s pupils went wide. Sherlock let out a breath of surprise and John jumped at the chance to push his tongue inside his mouth. John could feel Sherlock relaxing against him and his knees giving out, surrendering to John’s aggressiveness and the monster within purred
“Still good?”
Sherlock leaned on his side next to John and cupped his cheek affectionally. “I’ve never met anyone like you before.” His thumb was running over John’s lips and John tried to suck the thumb in. He wanted Sherlock in him anyway he could get. “It is as if you were made just for me.” He pushed the thumb in, letting John suck and run his tongue over it. John hummed in appreciation. Too soon Sherlock removed his thumb from John’s mouth. The hand trailed across his chest and stomach, finally grasping John’s cock in a loose fist. John was teetering on the edge, cock leaking precum and heart hammering in his ears.
John moved to the end of the bed, trailing his hand behind him. It was impossible for him to stop touching Sherlock. He wasn’t even sure how he managed to get so lucky as to have Sherlock like this. He hadn’t even dared to hope for this. Not after everything that had happened to them. Not because it was Sherlock and Sherlock didn’t have relationships, and not because John wasn’t gay.
“Christ, you’re beautiful like this.” Sherlock closed his eyes for a second on hearing the praise, as if taking time to plant the compliment firmly in his mind palace. Sherlock loved it when John complimented him and he had decided a long time ago to compliment him whenever he got the chance.
“I know.” Sherlock was on the move, heading towards the gents and Alec was staring after him like he was something delicious to eat; which of course Sherlock was, but not for Alec to taste. Once Sherlock disappeared from sight, Alec chucked a shot down and went in after Sherlock.
The view was marvellous, breath taking. Sherlock on his knees, all that pale skin for him to look, touch and taste. “Beautiful.” The word came out more as a breath and Sherlock shuddered. It was beautiful. John was overcome with such an intense sense of love and gratitude and joy and pure lust that he was almost sure he might just pass out from the feeling.
When John had opened Sherlock up enough he slid his fingers out and slicked his penis with more lube. He slid in with minimal resistance and Sherlock groaned under him. The tightness was overwhelming and he was sure he wouldn’t last long. John leaned in, kissing Sherlock before pulling out and thrusting back in with force. He shifted his position, searching for the angle so his penis would massage against Sherlock’s prostate with each thrust of his hips. Still, after all these years, John found it hard to believe he could have this, to have Sherlock in his life. All those years ago he had decided he would take whatever Sherlock wanted to give. He was utterly grateful and surprised Sherlock had wanted to share the Baker Street flat with him.
“He’ll be fine, John.” Greg tried to be convincing, but John heard the strain in his voice. John knew Sherlock could look after himself but that did not stop his heart beating wildly in his chest with fear.
The taxi took them home and John could feel the adrenaline releasing its hold on him and making him shiver. Sherlock was holding his hand and rubbing the back of his hand in slow circles.
“Seriously mate, you have nothing to worry about. Sherlock’s crazy mad about you.” With Greg’s hand on his shoulder John could feel a bit of the tension dispersing from his muscles.
“Well that’s a tenner I ain’t getting back.” Greg leaned back on the booth, interlacing his fingers over his stomach. “You’re jealous!” John could feel the smirk directed at him.
“Do you need me to stop, John.” Sherlock’s thumbs caressed his face, wiping the tears away.
Once home John shed his coat and toed off his shoes. He took his time going to the bathroom and washing his hands. He was already half hard from anticipation and the knowledge that when he opens the door in to their bedroom, Sherlock would be waiting for him in the position he instructed him to be.
John’s eyes saw red and he focused solely on the man hitting Sherlock as he charged at him, hitting the man with his whole body, sending them both to the ground. John started hitting him to the body, managing to hit him to the kidney on the left side but forgot to shield his face. The strike on the side of his face made his ear pop.
John stared at the text for five minutes before deciding it was as good as it would get and pressed send. The one worded reply came a minute later and John couldn’t help but to grin to himself before dwelling in to the utterly boring part of his profession. One would think that being an active blogger and a physician would mean that he was a fast typist, but no. He couldn’t get his finger to work fast and he was still struggling with using more than two of his ten fingers.
By the time he’d worked the muscle loose enough to his satisfaction Sherlock was shaking and breathing loudly. John’s breath got stuck in his throat when he turned his eyes towards the mirror and found Sherlock watching him with eyes filled with love and devotion and need. Sherlock had never been prone to public displays of affection (or even private displays of affection) and most of the times he was an utter dick but then there were times like these when he showed just how much John meant to him. John cherished these moments and kept them close to his heart so he could remind himself that he actually loved the prat when he was acting like a — well an utter and complete prat.
“God, I love you so much it’s ridiculous.” John breathed out, stepping closer to the seated man in front of him. “You mean the world to me, Sherlock.” John tilted Sherlock’s face towards him, kissing him gently. “We need you, Rosie and I. But mostly me, Rosie’s a strong girl.” Sherlock pulled John to his lap, deepening the kiss.
John joined Greg at the table and he could feel Greg trying to contain his amusement. “Well someone looks like a cat that got the cream.” John decided not to answer Greg but to simply sit down and sip his beer with a pleased smile on his face.
With the remaining energy John managed to pull himself out and rolled over next to Sherlock, trying to even out his breathing. Once he felt he could move again John reached over Sherlock for the handcuff keys on the bedside table and released Sherlock’s hands. Sherlock was still breathing deeply and keeping his eyes closed as John settled on his side next to Sherlock and massaged his wrists gently. John pulled them towards him and kissed the reddened skin tenderly, with love and appreciation. He had bought a furry cover for the handcuffs ages ago but Sherlock had refused to use them.
Sherlock leaned back from John’s cock and got up from the bed. John’s eyes flew open at the loss of Sherlock on him. “Sherlock!” His cock was throbbing with need he wasn’t getting. Sherlock looked so composed John wanted to curse but all he got out was unintelligible gibberish.
After the douching instructions he sent another text an hour later (he did have patients after all and he’d already received nasty looks from the receptionist when he waited more than normally before taking another patient in) telling Sherlock was to get the following things ready for him before he got home: lube, the stolen handcuffs (Lestrade’s, of course) and the riding crop.
“I’m fine, John.” And he looked fine. He wasn’t grimacing in pain, his nose and brow line had stopped bleeding.
It seemed to take forever to find Sherlock. They struck an amazing bit of luck heading the way they did, and John tried not to think how his heart would always find Sherlock’s, even from a distance. Sherlock was shielding his body and face while a man – not Alec – pounded his fists in him.
Finally John couldn’t stand still any longer. As much as he wanted to prolong this, the feeling of wholeness and intimacy and trust, he was only a man. He tried to keep the steady pace but the need was building up. He leaned in towards Sherlock, locking their gaze. “I want you to come like this, Sherlock. Untouched.” Sherlock let out a whimper. John knew he wasn’t going to last long and Sherlock looked like he was on the brink of orgasm as well.
“Turn around.” John made sure to use his ‘army voice’ in these situations. He stood up and settled to his proudest army stance as Sherlock turned around and watched him. Sherlock looked wrecked and open and incredibly vulnerable that John had a hard time keeping his pose and not hurry to his side. Sherlock looked back with gratitude and unabashedly stared at John.
“No.” John muttered through his teeth before coming to another answer. “Yes.”
“John.” The breathy moan caused John’s hips to buck forward involuntarily. Sherlock sounded wrecked. John had never been that into causing pain between the sheets but after witnessing the reactions Sherlock had, he’d changed his mind about the whole thing. He had a habit with that too, changing his mind when it came to Sherlock; because Sherlock was the exception. John wasn’t gay but he loved Sherlock. He loved Sherlock with every cell in his body.
Without haste John washed his teeth, staring at himself in the mirror, taking in the silver hair and lines that came with age and being a dad. Once he was satisfied with the outcome he headed to the bedroom. He opened the door and kept his eyes locked on the door in front of him until he was inside the room and he had closed it behind him.
John trailed his fingers over Sherlock’s body from his toes all the way to his scalp. Sherlock’s breath was already quickened and he had his face pressed to the pillow. His whole body twitched when John touched his thighs and arse. When his fingers threaded through Sherlock’s hair the lithe man shivered. It hadn’t taken long into their relationship to find out that Sherlock loved having his head touched and hair pulled.
Greg appeared at his side, handcuffing the free hand before taking the other one from John. Once he was handcuffed, John jumped off and went to Sherlock.
”Look at him go! I never figured Sherlock to be such an utter flirt.” The unce unce unce of the music was making John’s head pound.
Sherlock started the process of removing the ropes, moving him this way and that. John couldn’t help Sherlock even if he wanted to. Sherlocks fingers removed all the ropes deftly, rubbing his skin during the process. John closed his eyes and enjoyed the feeling of being taken care of.
With a last kiss to Sherlock’s zygomatic bone John stepped back, admiring the way Sherlock looked wrecked with his blown pupils, reddening cheeks and hair sticking out everywhere. With a smirk John left Sherlock trying to regain his composure. John loved that he could do that to Sherlock.
Sherlock opened the door, leading John in and ushering him up the stairs. “Tea?” He asked over his shoulder while heading to the kitchen.
Sherlock was lying on his back, long and slim and so incredibly beautiful John had to stare for a minute or two. John loved looking at Sherlock, everywhere and whenever he got the chance. When their friendship had turned to relationship John had realized how much he had tried
John was winded but he forced himself up and charged at the man, punching his face repeatedly with the force of his whole body. The man shielded his face and pushed on, forcing John back with his body. John stumbled and the man got around him, taking his head in a head lock, choking him. John hit his elbow to the man’s side to make him let go of his head. It took a few hits but he managed to get loose enough to grab hold of the hand choking him, holding it and pivoting the man over his shoulder. The man went down and without releasing the hand, John forced the man onto his stomach. John pushed his knee to the man’s lower back, twisting the hand at his back, making it hard to turn around.
The stairs leading outside were long, longer than John remembered. John tried not to let his brain jump to worst case scenarios as he climbed the stairs. Never in his life had he felt such a worry as he did when it came to Sherlock in danger.
“Yes.” The word sounded almost like a groan. There was no eye roll at the end of that word or even the silent
“I mean this bloke doesn’t look like he has the strength to beat up a guy to coma.”
John could feel the ache in his cock, pleasure and anticipation thrumming through his veins, pulsing between his legs with each beat of his heart. He leaned down further, licking at the perineum. A shiver ran through Sherlock and a breathy moan escaped his lips and was muffled by the pillow. With feather light touch John licked around the furled skin, making Sherlock’s thighs tremble. John would have never thought this would be something he would enjoy but with Sherlock it felt arousing,
“I love you John.” Sherlock murmured against John’s chest before falling asleep on top of John.
“Am not!” John had to force himself to stop burning holes to the guy’s head and turn towards Greg. The annoying Inspector Lestrade was staring at him amusedly. The monster was making mince pie from his insides. Sherlock was
“Lift your hips, love.” Sherlock pulled the rest of his clothes off. Sherlock tied a knot around his left ankle and started twisting the rope around John’s thigh, forcing his legs to stay bent. If it were any other time and without the ropes, John would feel too exposed to simply enjoy the moment.
“I was scared, so scared. The last time I was that scared was when you fell.” John draws in a shaky breath before pushing his nose between Sherlock’s shoulder blades, holding his breath until he saw stars. “I can’t live without you, Sherlock. It would kill me.” He released his tight grip on Sherlock, allowing him to turn around.
Sherlock joined Alec at the bar and after five minutes of flirting they left off together towards the exit. John could feel the nerves setting in, blood starting to pump faster and sweat forming. Ignoring the way his body was reacting to the fact that Sherlock was in the company of someone who might have almost killed four men, John got up from the booth and followed them out. Greg grabbed the back of his shirt as they navigated through the people dirty dancing.
“Most people don’t but even you can’t outrun death.”
“Hold on John.” He hadn’t even noticed getting up from the chair to go after them before Greg put a hand on his arm. “He’s not going to do anything in a crowded bar. It’s not his style.”
“Thank you John.” Sherlock’s voice was hoarse as he turned to face John. Sherlock looked more relaxed than he had done in days.
“Yes.” John brushed a kiss on cheek and a sigh escaped Sherlock’s lips. The thought that Sherlock trusted him enough to do this with him made John’s heart swell. This of course wasn’t the first time they’d played with boundaries, submission and restraints but still John cherished these moments more than he could say. Hell, he probably wouldn’t even find words deep and meaningful enough to voice his appreciation. Because it wasn’t simply appreciation, it was love and trust and — something utterly more. Someone more able with his words would be able to say just what it was that John was feeling but John was no poet.
“John.” Sherlock breathed out and John finally got his wits about him and started pulling Sherlock’s shirt off him. He needed skin on skin contact. Sherlock’s skin was light and smooth and warm under his palms. John tugged the sparce hairs on Sherlock’s chest, eliciting a sharp inhale and a moan from him.
“Sherlock.” John sounded so needy it almost shamed him, but this was Sherlock, his life, his love.
John threw a right hook at the man’s jaw but he was blocked and received a leg to his left side. John had seen the leg coming and braced himself for impact while getting ready to grab the leg to his side, push out the other leg and punch the man’s groin. He went down with a groan only to jump back up and grab John’s shirt and drive his knee to John’s stomach.
Sherlock took a hold of John’s hand cleaning his face and nuzzled against his palm affectionately. “Then I promise.”
John got back on the bed again, pushed a spare pillow under Sherlock’s hips and coated his fingers with lube. Sherlock was watching him and John stared back as he pushed the first finger in. Sherlock was biting his lower lip, pupils dilated and his penis red and leaking between his legs. If he had to take a picture of the most beautiful thing in the world, this would be it surely. John couldn’t think anything more beautiful than this (of course his daughter was competing for that prize as well but there was no way he was choosing out of those two options).
He made his way back inside, and carefully placed the urn on the kitchen table. As he waited for the kettle to boil, he rested his hand on the urn and murmured quiet reminiscences about their kitchen in Baker street. Warm memories flooded his mind. His fingers traced the scar from a sword fight, there were stains from various chemicals, split over the years, burn marks from experiments that had gone wrong, and oh! the smells, Sherlock had seemed to be impervious to the noxious fumes that sometimes drifted through the flat.
The funeral had been attended by Lestrade, a few others from New Scotland Yard including Anderson and Donovan. He’d noticed some of Sherlock’s old homeless network attending, and Molly had been there too. He’d hated the funeral, it was so hard to stand and talk about Sherlock, the man he’d loved more than anything. But the worst was the people telling him ‘at least he didn’t suffer’. No, Sherlock didn’t, but he did and he was.  For the funeral Sherlock had been dressed in his favourite dark suit with the purple shirt and his beloved Belstaff coat and blue scarf, he would have approved of that John had thought at the time.  His body had been cremated and a week later the ashes were returned to him.
There was one last place to visit before Mycroft’s car would collect him. He stopped and looked at the familiar door to 221b, he half expected Mrs Hudson to appear and open the door as he approached but she had died some years ago. He took his old key from his pocket (Mycroft had told him that the key would still work) and opened the door. The hallway was quiet and he made his way slowly up the seventeen steps to the flat. He paused before he opened the door, reliving the first time he'd gone in through that door. He took a deep breath and walked over the threshold.
The room they had chosen for their bedroom faced the garden; they’d had the windows made bigger to let in as much light as possible. Occasionally, in the summer, they’d make love on the floor with the sun streaming in warming their bodies. Their sex life was always interesting, sometimes as they held each other in bed, their lovemaking was slow and sensual, soft caresses and gentle touches, quiet words of love and affection. Other times there was an urgency for them to be close to each other, skin touching skin, and then their coupling would be hard and fast.
“Happy anniversary, Sherlock.” Sherlock pushed John to his back and splayed himself all over him, holding John as tightly as he could. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, kissing the top of his head.
John could feel the fight leaving him and he nearly wobbled on his feet. The fear he had felt when Sherlock had jumped off Bart hospital was back when he’d seen Sherlock on the ground bleeding. He remembered the feeling of not having Sherlock in his life and the feeling nearly crippled him.
John’s head went blank as Sherlock started weaving the rope around him, the pressure was making him lightheaded in the most perfect way. Sherlock looked so serene as he concentrated on keeping the rope tight to restraint but not too tight to cut circulation. “I love you so much.” John breathed out. Sherlock kissed him gently before continuing with the rope. The harness around his torso felt amazing, he could feel the restraint with each breath. Sherlock was so gentle with him, moving his body the way he wanted to, and John let him. He trusted Sherlock with his life. His arms were tied together, the rope going around and around his arms, keeping them firmly in place. Sherlock connected his hands on the harness rope around his torso.
Sherlock was at times an arse, an utter cock, and this was one of those times. Sherlock knew what he wanted, and he was going to make John say it. Just to stall and gather his nerve, John started to undress Sherlock, removing one item at a time and avoiding eye contact. John kneeled down to remove Sherlock’s shoes and socks and got distracted by the tent in his trousers. John leaned in, nuzzling the hardness between Sherlock’s legs.
“I don’t really see it.”
and because he was afraid to cause such pain for him. It was different when he used his hand. With the crop it came too close to the things Sherlock had had to endure during his time dismantling Moriarty’s network. After many lengthy conversations John started to give in; if it was something Sherlock wanted then who he was to deny him.
to stare at Sherlock but apparently he had fooled no one and everyone knew how he felt about Sherlock even before he himself realized it.
Sherlock pulled John’s sweater off, running his fingers all over John’s torso. His lips were everywhere, nibbling, kissing and sucking. John was going to be black and blue. Sherlock knew how to make John a blubbering mess, all he could do was hold on and enjoy the attention. His hips were undulating without a conscious thought against Sherlock.
“Bedroom.” John moaned against Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock gently pushed John to his feet and led him to their bedroom. John could feel nervousness creeping inside. He wanted Sherlock, had wanted for a very long time. He knew Sherlock wouldn’t deny him this but he still felt shame deep within. He had come a long way from the first time he had asked Sherlock to fuck him but he couldn’t shake the shame.
John couldn’t think straight; all his senses were filled with Sherlock. His breathing was fast, as was Sherlock’s. His heart was hammering in his ears and his dick was throbbing with need. As if Sherlock had once again read his mind, his trousers were opened and his dick was pulled free. Sherlock teased him with not enough pressure and John whined needily. Sherlock’s tongue sneaked its way inside John’s, licking and touching every inch of his mouth.
“Sherlock.” The name came out almost as a growl. John pulled out a chair and pushed Sherlock back to it. Sherlock’s eyes followed John to the medicine cabinet, amusement crinkling at the corners of his eyes. “I can’t protect you all the time, you need to be careful.” John felt the fear turning to anger as he cleaned the blood off Sherlock’s face.
“No, John. Please, I’m sorry.” There were only a handful of times Sherlock had sounded so wrecked and most of the times had happened in occasions like this.
John could feel the headache coming in with each passing second they were in the club, the thud of the bass wasn’t helping the matter at all. The suspect, Alec Forsythe, was suspected of beating four guys into coma. The latest crime was fortunately interrupted and the victim had only few scrapes and bruises and retrograde amnesia. The last thing Colin remembered was talking with the guy Sherlock was talking to at this bar.
He collapsed over Sherlock, spent and satiated. Sherlock was breathing hard under him and John was finding it difficult to breathe.
No, not that
“Yours.” Sherlock moaned as he rubbed his bulging crotch against John.
“John, let me show you how much I love you.” Sherlock was looking down at him with such awe, devotion and love that it took John’s breath away. John usually loved being dominating in bed because he loved the rush he got from that and the way Sherlock responded to him. But at times he needed control taken away and this was one of those times. He had expanded a lot of adrenaline during the fight and he couldn’t muster the energy to be domineering again, he wanted to succumb. He wanted to just feel and he wanted Sherlock to get him out of his head for a while.
“John.” Sherlock breathed out, his eyes wide open as his penis twitched as he orgasmed and Sherlock came all over his abdomen. Sherlock was moaning so loud John was extremely glad he’d gotten Mrs. Hudson to leave the apartment for the night. The sight of Sherlock in the throes of passion was almost enough for John to ejaculate himself. Sherlock’s hole twitching around his dick did the trick and with a last thrust John came with a shout deep inside of Sherlock.
“I’m not going to last long,” John breathed out to Sherlock’s ear before leaning back and lifting Sherlock’s legs over his shoulder’s , “if you haven’t orgasmed by that time I’m going to finish you off with my fingers, using my sperm as lube and I’m going to keep massaging your prostate mercilessly until you come.” John pounded as hard as he could, hitting Sherlock’s prostate with each thrust.
“Is that good?” Sherlock asked as he pushed John gently to his back on the bed. “Nothing is too tight?”
Once John had the mirror positioned to the perfect position, he started undressing. He took his time folding the clothes while Sherlock watched and waited.
“You’d be surprised what a bloke is able to do when the adrenaline kicks in.” If looks could kill, Alec would’ve died twenty minutes ago. Horribly.
“Yes, John.”
“One.” Sherlock already sounded wrecked and John was glad he could give this to Sherlock. The crop came down a second time and Sherlock groaned out loud and slightly thrust his pelvis forward. “Two.” The thirds strike hit straight to the same spot as the second and Sherlock’s legs trembled. “Three” the word came out huskily, out of breath. John felt his knees weaken upon hearing and seeing Sherlock like this.
Sherlock’s hands held on to John by his hips as John turned Sherlock’s head to the side, kissing his way to his ear before giving it a bite. “Mine.” He honest to God growled to Sherlock’s ear.
John’s body clamors. Rushing towards release.
Edith didn’t appear to hear him. She headed off down the short hallway to the kitchen and they listened as she turned the light on and off in there. Her route brought her to the sitting room next. Finding the light already on, she briefly swept her gaze over the room before switching the light off and heading for the stairs.
“You’re teasing.”
Your name in the dark and the quiet, in the shushed intimate whisper of his voice, it startles you. Your mind stutters to a halt.
“I will if you want me to.”
As the tempo ticks up, the vibrator pulses in time.
Ella looks surprised at this change in subject for a second, but quickly schools her expression back into one of gentle neutrality. “You’ve never spoken to me about wanting to get married. Has Sherlock brought it up?”
Once Sherlock has unwound the ties from around John’s wrists they lay down facing each other, within the circle of each other’s arms, both marvelling at the other and what they had accomplished together.
You step over and turn on your bedside lamp. You both blink dumbly for a moment as your eyes adjust.
“No, thank you,” Sherlock says. “I think for now we’d just like to look around.”
He ignores, successfully for the most part, the hot ember of shame that flares to life every now and then.
“Carrot’s welcome over here anytime,” Sherlock said as the girl and the cat both darted towards the beeches.
Coats on the stairs.
“I’m sure that’s not true,” Sherlock said, feeling distinctly uncomfortable and ill suited to the task of comforting the man.
We pored over the newspaper together while we ate and conversed as equals. I felt a keen pleasure in the freedom to be myself and speak my mind. I liked the labyrinthine way your mind worked and while I could not track your brilliance it did not dull the dramatic way you unearthed the real story within the world’s sordid machinations or the gossip I brought you from the village and presented it as if it were the simplest of deductions. I liked the way your mouth curved so coyly as you approached the climax and the sharp light that glittered in your eyes as you watched my flummoxed expression and the way you fairly glowed with a rosy blush when I laughed and applauded each time you finished with a magician’s flourish.
John’s face broke into a grin and he shared a look of helpless affection with Sherlock.
John keeps his eyes closed for a moment even after Sherlock has pulled away.
“He had a ship named
“I was very naughty, not doing what you asked,” Sherlock reminds him coyly, inviting the scene to begin.
This is the myth of Sherlock Holmes.
It seemed to Sherlock that John had been thrust into a role usually reserved for women; that of caretaker. And he was very obviously floundering, but also, Sherlock observed, trying very, very hard.
Glides into tight wet blood hot heat.
“About what?”
There is only one direction to go.
There is no hesitation. Sherlock trusts him implicitly.
“I’ll kiss you just like this until you relax for me.”
John pulls away. “Will I what?”
Sherlock’s eyes squeeze shut as if he can’t believe his luck and his shoulders wriggle a little in a tiny shiver as he nods, bottom lip caught between his teeth.
I licked my lips, salt like blood on my tongue, “I am here to be used, you know that. I trust you. You said we needed to get into her room, you said I should seduce her. You said—”
“And?” Vivica prompted.
“You were magnificent. Oh, God, John, so beautiful. Please, please. I need you.”
He was sitting at the base of the hill looking up it, not out, over the city. The yellow lamplight broke over his head like a yolk, staining him a lurid mustard.
“Good.” Sherlock’s voice catches. “So good, John.
Can’t go getting erections at crime scenes. That’s
“Kitchen,” John says, “in the pantry. I’ll show you.”
The simple touch makes John’s breathing slow further. He can feel the tension in his shoulders release fractionally, sinking down into the mattress. His hips follow. His legs.
“I get you worked up?”
“There’s money in my wallet,” Sherlock murmurs as John reaches the doorway.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock flicks his pale eyes up to meet John’s, coquettish, as he drags his mouth down the dorsal side of John’s cock, getting it wet. The skin is glistening, the veins standing out hard and blue, as Sherlock makes his way back up to the tip, where he rests the vee of John’s frenulum on the pad of his tongue, and laps at it, the slit rubbing slickly, deliciously, maddeningly against his top lip. John’s hand tightens in Sherlock’s curls.
Heat spills through you, billowing out from where he’s touching you.
And with that John is left on the pavement.
Sherlock hasn’t even the wherewithal to shake his head.
, came the voice again.
His voice is low and slightly slurred. His eyes are closed when you pull back to look down at him.
“Fuck me.
“John,” I said again. A plea. I had no ground to stand on. I knew it. I had been an ass. I didn’t deserve him.
, and their Christmas presents to each other. “He’s just.” John takes a deep breath. It does nothing to calm the hammering of his heart against his ribs. Embarrassed, he barks, too loudly, “He’s just too bloody good at it, isn’t he? He is. He’s got no inhibitions and he’s spent the last two decades perfecting his form and I feel like an arsehole most of the time. Just along for the buggering ride.”
**********
“When I started…experimenting…I started to let myself think about what it would be like. To be with him. In every way.”
John let’s it go.
One long wet stripe from base to crown, smearing the chocolate up and down his hard cock, before taking him, thick and pulsing, between my lips once more.
John sucks it down.
Arm heavy around John’s waist. A hand sliding up John’s chest.
Sherlock kisses down John’s throat. Down his chest, pausing to flick at his nipples. Drags his lips over John’s fluttering belly, licking up the salt. He pauses, looks up. John pets his hair. His shoulders. Cups his face. Sherlock turns and kisses his palm as he shifts up onto his hands and knees.
John scrapes two fingers over his right eyebrow. Against the grain and back. Smoothing. “He thinks I’m jealous of a dildo.”
“You’ll do it?”
“Oh,” Sherlock sighs, slipping his hand between them to wrap around John. John shivers and pushes involuntarily into the touch.
He’s in your white button-down standing at the kitchen counter, plugging in the kettle. It’s comically too big on him, the white hem just brushes the bottom of his thighs and the too-long sleeves are rolled up to his elbows. His feet are bare, one foot tipped up onto toes, the pink curve of his heel resting against the opposite ankle. His hair is adorably mussed, from your fingers, from your bed, from the cowlicks sticking up at the crown of his head. He spoons sugar into one of your mismatched tea cups and draws his fingertips through the condensation on the side of the milk bottle absently. There are eggs, brown and speckled, that he sets carefully inside the bowl.
Finally, after what seemed an age, he came to a stop behind me. I shifted my ankles wider and pushed back into him. When the bare skin of my thighs met the rough wool of his trousers I moaned. His hands settled on the arcs of my ribcage, his thumbs moving beneath the edge of the lace, stroking me gently. He moved lower and caught for a moment on the knot of the bow. His hands left me.
It seemed a monumental injustice if so.
“Thank you. As I was saying. I spent hours searching for that tree over there in the corner, do you see it? That charming little fir strung with a veritable rainbow of lights and twinkling glass baubles?”
But it has to be Sherlock’s choice.
Boring.
One perfectly ordinary Tuesday in early October.
And walks around the side of the car to get in on the passenger side.
Enough.
Sherlock, swallowing back a retort, nods.
You lay yourselves down in your bed, side by side, facing each other, your legs fit together down below. Thorn pricked skin bare to the heavy air. The white curtains against the sash still, unrifled, limp. The crickets on the green, still making music from their longing. A symphony of hunger and need and desire. It echoes beneath your skin, thrums there in your heart, a perfect cacophonous match.
“Then you should be trying your damned best to catch up. It’s not like the resources don’t exist!”
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
Sherlock, still feeling unsteady, feeling wound up and exposed and jittery, grins, he hopes, convincingly. “I think I have a better idea.”
“You sound like a martyr.”
John sinks down into Sherlock’s chair, which has been shoved out of the way.
his eyes on your eyes.
“I can wait.”
“You’re insane.”
“You taste of peaches,” Sherlock tells John, scrunching up his nose in an adorable way that makes John’s heart fizz. Both of them ignoring how pleased they both are at what Angel said. And at what John had revealed to him. The moment passes them by, touching them both differently. It’s still fragile between them. It’s easier to just joke about the drinks. John tips his head back and parts his lips as Sherlock dips down to take another slow, leisurely taste, sucking a little on John’s tongue in a way that makes John more than a little dizzy. “And pineapple. And rum.”
want it, ok!” I blurted out, my cheeks pounding with a sudden rush of blood, my frustration boiling over. “I want to you to fuck me, all right? I want to
Sherlock, using three fingers on each hand, strokes the length of John’s crack, just skating over John’s arsehole on each pass.
“She looked soft,” you purred. “Was she?”
Moriarty slides his feet closer, leaning into the gun. John shifts his weight to compensate. Their faces are mere inches apart. John can feel the cool glide of Moriarty’s breath on his cheek.
John goes to him and leans his front into Sherlock’s left side. Covering Sherlock’s racing hand with his own, until Sherlock stills and releases himself, pressing it back to the rain-streaked glass.
“Watson, you’re naked under there!”
Outside, the February night was frigid and an icy wind threaded it’s way through Paris’ streets. We walked down the Rue Saint-Honore and turned onto Rue du Chevalier Saint-George and were seated at once inside the bistro. The hostess led us through the tiny space and into the back left corner where the velvet padded benches that lined the back wall met in an L. Once the waiter had filled our water glasses and I had placed an order for oysters and champagne John moved the pillows that were stacked between us, slid into the corner, and pressed his thigh to mine.
“God, you’re good at that,” John says, smiling stupidly at the ceiling a few minutes later, the aftershocks of his orgasm still echoing through him. “It felt incredible.” Sherlock is lying against John’s belly, a finger trailing idly through a shining spot of saliva or sweat smeared across John’s hip. “Hey, come up here, mm?” John tugs on Sherlock’s shoulders and he comes, pushing up to sit across John’s lap. His erection is beginning to flag, slouching slightly to the side.
Ellen looked up at him over the crimson rims of her reading glasses, one strawberry blonde eyebrow arched.
gets Sherlock’s attention.
Lick.
Sherlock’s eyes narrow, but it’s true. John is tired.
“Mine,” you blurt out and you can feel your cheeks smart at your haste. “Mine’s just—“ and you point, ineffectually, northwards.
“Yes.” Sherlock changes lanes. How are they still on the highway? “Only if you want to, of course.”
“If you don’t mind, I’d like to take a look later; if there’s time, of course.”
His hand falls, soft and open, onto the back of your head. He makes a small, helpless sound.
I listened to him make his way up the stairs and into our bedroom. The pipes moaned in the walls heralding the start of one of John’s baths.
“Well?”
Something a bit thicker too while he’s at it.
“I’ve wanted this,” John agrees, quiet, their words private, just between them. Their noses brushing, their lips touching in between. "I've wanted this so so badly." He has. It’s true. So true. He’s wanted Sherlock like this from the very beginning.
“Good?” John asks. It’s his turn to be coy.
Shivers wrack Sherlock as he pants, “Your tongue. Please. Please.”
“I had a manageable recreational drug habit of which my brother disapproved,” Sherlock corrects. “I do not have a death wish, nor do I have an issue with control. I simply intend to enjoy life to its fullest.”
It’s effective as a burglar alarm unless you know to look out for it.
“It’s a pulsator. It, um, oscillates. On it’s own.”
And, predictably enough, they both burst into laughter.
“Sherlock,” John says, and Sherlock jerks his head, startled, to look at him. At inconvenient John Watson smiling with just the corner of his mouth, head tipped towards the window, where a jet sits on the tarmac. “We’re here.”
, Sherlock typed, sitting up.
Pulling off his gloves, he turns to Lestrade and says, smug as God, “Lead the way, inspector.”
He looked pale and peaky, the stubble dark and grainy on his cheeks, his forehead deeply lined.
Giggling and squirming and trying valiantly to catch Sherlock’s hand with his own, but it eels away.
Sherlock holds up the instrument, which looks like a thin black wand. “This is called a body contact cable. It’s connected to the violet wand, which is plugged into the wall just there.” John follows the length of tubing with his eyes as Sherlock explains. He watches as Sherlock reaches over and turns on the thicker black instrument that the cable is connected to. A low hum fills the air. “When this is in contact with my body, my touch is electrified.”
John and Charlotte walked up just as Sherlock and Penny finished exchanging information. Sherlock handed them their coats.
Swallowed up.
John stretches out his left leg, the edges of his socked toes just brushing the mattress. He swigs the whiskey, drinks it down, and shakes his head.
You wrap your hand around him and pull off.
“I wasn’t forced to do anything,” Sherlock says, his tone turning cold in response. “It was an exchange. A quid pro quo. We were both benefitting. I had money, an apartment, expensive gifts. I wasn’t on the street. And not all of them were like M. Some were kind.”
