“The shoe was well preserved, the traces of mud are still visible. See how the splatter goes up to the tip of the shoe? It was something that clearly happened often, going by the many layers of residue on the cap. This rules out the likelihood of the stains being a product of wet soil after or during rain.”
So this is what his subconscious has been doing all this time, stopping him, startling him, forcing him to face the fact that John was really all he needed…
“Not to worry Mr Holmes, we have the entire situation under control,” she smiles, turning back to face the console with barely controlled disdain.
It’s dark now, probably a little past six. The light from the doorway illuminates John’s figure, casting the man’s face into shadow. He’s seated in the chair next to his bed, a hand gently resting on Sherlock’s shoulder.
John watches him for a bit longer, smiling at him almost besottedly before he turns back to the noodles, picking up his chopsticks and digging in.
“But John! You know full well that he’s refused to play for anyone else” she insists, “even I haven’t gotten a free concert and I’ve known him for
There’s a bit of clotted cream on the corner of his lip. He tries to lick it off, but the cream edges further up his lip instead. He sighs, dabbing at it with his index finger before bringing it up to his lips to lick it clean.
Sherlock averts his gaze from her, choosing to stare off into a far corner of the room instead of meeting Mary face on.
Turning to face the window, his eyes had widened upon seeing the vast stretch of nothingness stretching out into the distance, the land and sky so blindingly white it was hard to tell which was which.
,” he sighs as Lestrade mumbles something that sounds like, “we knew what it was but we didn’t think it was important.”
“Yes love,” John murmurs, shifting off Sherlock’s cock in favour of talking to him. He nuzzles into the thatch of brown hair there, inhaling deeply and Sherlock’s breath hitches at the sound.
Sherlock had never asked John about Sholto, come to think of it. He barely knew anything about the man, aside from the research he’d done on him before the wedding. John had never mentioned Sholto to him, in fact, he’d never really talked about his army days at all. But Sherlock is certain that if Sholto had really meant that much to John, that he would have at least mentioned him once? Because they had definitely been close, the way they’d danced around each other at the wedding had convinced Sherlock that they had to at least be ex best friends.
He caresses John’s face gently, playing with the short strands that stray over his forehead, rubbing soothing circles into his cheekbones.
He watches as Magnussen turns to him with a self-assured smile, his grin stoking the blazing fury within him as he glares back at Magnussen.
“Sherlock… Sherlock you’re gonna have to take off your shirt for this to work,” John mutters, sitting down on the edge of the bed next to Sherlock, eyes fixed resolutely on his medical box.
He pulls open the bedside drawer, revealing an extremely crinkled 50 pound note (how long has that been in there for?), a box of condoms (old, clearly very very old) and a bottle of lube (which seems to be pretty new and Sherlock DOES NOT WANT TO KNOW).
There are lights on him now, shining brightly into his eyes from overhead as he fumbles through the undergrowth.
“It was the last mission I had before I came home. In Serbia… I- I made a mistake and I got caught.”
John had marvelled at the idea of eating in, probably expecting takeaway of some kind and Sherlock knows exactly how to surprise him.
He’d glanced down in worry, his eyes roving across Sherlock’s face as the man blinked owlishly up at him then, his eyes wide and… terrified?
They sit there for a moment, revelling in each other’s body warmth, holding each other close as a comfortable silence descends upon them.
John smells of him, of his shampoo, of his body soap (he probably hadn’t had time to pack his toiletries) and it’s absolutely wonderful.
“They were all looking at me with such shock and disgust and I just couldn’t… It was the same thing with the neighbours all over again on the day that I left, the day that I came back here and I felt like it was just too much…”
He has a sudden vision of John, being back here at Baker Street for good, just the two of them against the rest of the world. They’d argue over petty things like who was supposed to have gotten the milk, and why the fuck are there toes in the fridge? There’d be adrenaline fuelled cases, stupid Bond nights where John would force Sherlock to sit down and “educate himself a little on pop culture” and everything would be back to the way it was before Ma- but no, Sherlock shakes his head to bring himself out of this ridiculous fantasy, John doesn’t belong here, he belongs with Mary and her child and he Should Not Be Here. Sherlock can’t truly offer him what he really wants, domesticity and a life of normality, and he knows he never will be able to. He can’t change who he is, even if he really wanted to, and he most definitely cannot hold a candle to John’s ideal partner, Mary, who is able to offer him so much more than he ever could. So John can’t stay, he can’t, not for his own good and Sherlock will probably have to persuade him somehow to leave…
However, Watson doesn’t seem to be sharing the same burgeoning feeling of excitement that he is because the man is raising his eyes to the greenhouse ceiling, shaking his head exaggeratedly.
John seems at a loss for words, his jaw going slack as his eyes begin to return to a deeper blue and Sherlock starts to wonder whether he’s said something wrong.
“Basically reiterated the same thing the agent told us in the car,” he answers, “Mary managed to slip through their grasp. They have no idea where she is right now. And it’s likely she’ll only be able to be found when she wants to be.”
So it's going to be that kind of conversation then, Sherlock thinks to himself, mindless banter back and forth between Watson and him… He can deal with that, in fact it'd probably be welcome until something interesting happens.
Sherlock basks in the praise, visibly gloating as he turns to John who greets him with an answering grin of his own.
John beams as he makes his way over to the bleachers, shrugging off his fellow teammates’ praises. He can’t believe he’d actually managed to make that try. It’d all happened in slow motion… and all of a sudden the game was over and John had scored the winning goal.
He feels a sudden blossoming of warmth in his chest, a tiny ember glimmering feebly in deep darkness before bursting into flame. It feels like golden treacle is seeping through every vein, every pore in his body, winding its way around his coronary arteries into his heart, and Sherlock, for the first time in a very long time, watches as a tiny spark of hope springs to life.
John leaps up from the bed instinctively, hackles raised as he glares around the room, looking for the source of the noise.
He watches as John turns to him, their gazes connecting almost magnetically as John purses his lips, his eyes zeroing in on Sherlock’s.
Sherlock mentally reels back in horror, his eyes widening as he realises the true reason why his subconscious has brought Moriarty back.
The warehouse must’ve been part of some larger structure, Sherlock muses. The design seems to be quite mid 20th century. Maybe there had been a house or factory nearby but it had been torn down or sold, leaving the warehouse all on its own.
It feels like he’s on fire, like his whole body is like a bow that is high strung, taut and ready for release because Sherlock is extremely keyed up here, absolutely losing himself to the thrilling sensation of someone’s skin against his own.
Sherlock has no idea how it happened really. When he’d woken up the morning following John’s steely encounter with Mary, he’d found the opposite side of his bed cold and empty. The bedsheet smoothed back meticulously, the corners carefully tucked in.
John flashes a winning smile back, convincing Mummy Holmes once and for all that at some point she’ll have to ask her son to take lessons in social niceties from him.
Grabbing a bottle of Sherlock's conditioner, John marvells for a moment at the brand and the price tag before slicking his hands with the silky mixture, applying it to Sherlock’s curls.
So Sherlock makes his way into the building—John immediately buzzes him in—and up the stairs to the second floor flat. He knocks, and is greeted in a mere second by a still-smiling John.
His words rang, carrying over the deck and across the water. Moriarty let them, for just a moment, but then approached until he and Sherlock were nearly nose to nose.
He shook off his sentimental thoughts as he hurried down the stairs into the Tube station. Lestrade waited, just on the other side of the turnstiles.
John regards him for a moment while he stirs garlic that he has started cooking in a pan. “Yeah, alright. But—” He brandishes a wooden spoon. “You have to promise not to share what you read with
Sherlock shook his head. “No, it’s fine.” He raised his head, grabbed John, and determinedly pressed their mouths together once more. Although still baffled, John kissed back.
“Yes,” John nodded. “You did it.” He pressed another light kiss to Sherlock’s forehead. “You clever thing.”
Instead of replying with words, John closes the distance between them and seals his lips over Sherlock’s. Without hesitation, Sherlock’s hand comes up to cradle John’s face, and he parts his lips. Their tongues touch and then entwine, and Sherlock moans. Emboldened, John presses Sherlock against the wall and utterly plunders his new boyfriend’s mouth, which tastes astounding — wine and chocolate and desire.
’s mast sinking beneath the surface, the broken look on his mother’s face after learning of his father’s death, the fear in his crew’s eyes as they had watched him depart the ship last night. The fear in
"Yes, it's by a marginally talented, surprisingly charming mystery writer. You might have heard of him, but he’s rather unknown still in the grand scheme of things."
At that, he blinks, frowns. “Why wouldn’t I be?” It’s a nonsensical, untruthful answer, but he isn’t quite sure what to think of this concern. He’s been expecting a fight.
“Yes, a trading company that deals in stolen goods, illegal opium, unlawful weapons, and kidnapped men, women, and children.” Sherlock threw off the hands of the men holding him and straightened to his full height, though he stayed against the mast. Saying these words aloud gave him a sort of vindictive pleasure, despite the fact he was surrounded by the enemy. “You have ruined the lives of many, by your own hand or through your corrupt methods. This is a criminal operation, and this-” He gestured to the ship, and the entire crew watched the movement. “This ship is at the center of the web. You are correct, Captain Moriarty, in thinking that I am here to destroy you. Napoleon Bonaparte may be working to forge himself as emperor of the known world, but in a similar sense, you are the Napoleon of crime.”
But he lied to you, a small part of John’s mind reminded him. He had hidden the texts, the stalking, the threats. If he really cared about the relationship, would he have done that?
He pulled back from Sherlock and moved around to lean on the railing in front of the wheel to face the pirate captain. “How are you feeling?”
“Pardon me,” Sherlock mumbles, intending to continue on. However, the man grasps his arm, touch light — but not entirely innocent, somehow.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock asks. The darkness lends an intimacy to this conversation, but it doesn’t do wonders for his ability to deduce. John is the faintest outline in the residual light seeping through the drawn curtains.
Sherlock tries to pretend his cheeks are not continuing to celebrate being back to their old, blushing ways once more. “I don’t know about that… I was only teasing. Besides, you’re right. Grammar is tedious. The rules are many times outdated and arbitrary, not accepting of colloquial or modern usage.”
Sherlock nodded. “I’m afraid so. But that puts us in a unique position. Not only do I know their route, leadership, and favourite ports, we now have a group of men together who have had dealings, so to speak, with the NOTP and have eyewitness proof of their crimes. Thus, we have a good chance of destroying them at last.”
These thoughts resounding in his head, John was the first to wrench his gaze away from Sherlock and his fathoms-deep eyes. “Listen, you act as if I should be endlessly thankful for what you have done for me. But I don’t see why. You’re the one who got me into this mess.”
John glanced up at him, still at the wheel, eyes on the horizon. He glanced down at John, however, and smiled. “Yeah. Yeah, I think he would.” He paused, considering. “James, listen. You’re a good man, None of your actions were criminal. Don’t forget that.”
“Yeah that, where you heat metal and put it on a wound to stop it bleeding. You know?” She seemed, now that John thought about it, a touch woozy. He suspected Sherlock had had to give her some of his awful alcoholic substance before performing the cauterization.
John laughs. “Oh, of course. I should have known this was your plan all along — you go to my signing, seduce me, and get your hands on the next book before anyone else.”
The consulting detective smiled broadly and curled up again against John, head on his shoulder. His proximity, and John's emotions so close to the surface, made his nerves again go into overdrive. The moment was coming soon.
“They didn’t even shoot across the bow,” John gasped. “No warning for us at all, just used the fog to sneak up on us.”
After several minutes of perusing these old notes, Sherlock hears John’s footsteps approaching. The writer joins him at the table, leaning his hip against it.
Mycroft nods, obviously sensing John’s internal struggle. “Indeed. It was a…” he pauses, considering just as John had a moment ago, and fixing him with that almost frightening stare again, “pleasure to meet you, Mr. Watson. I do hope you know what you’re getting into with him.”
Watson smiled reassuringly and went back to scrawling a page number on the board. However, there was a slight furrow in his brow as he looked away. That expression intimated to Greg that he was not in as pleasant a mood as usual. Still, he didn’t seem to be marking Greg late, so it was fine.
He turned his head to find John raising his eyebrows at him, a smirk tugging at the corners of his lips. “Oh, really? And what were you planning on doing, then, gorgeous?”
Sherlock chokes on a soft laugh. Mycroft blinks, and John thinks he detects a flicker of something akin to admiration on his face. Clearly, people don’t usually fight back against Mycroft Holmes.
The celebration died down, and John turned, refusing to rise to Irene’s jibe. Two new opponents were now facing off, Winter and a man whose name John didn’t know.
Surely he would conclude that the past month had made irreparable damage to their relationship. Surely he would decide Sherlock was not worth the effort. Surely he would leave.
Sherlock smiles fully this time. “I think it’s a sensible idea. We already spend more nights here in a month than we do at your flat. But what will you do? Sell yours?”
Sherlock snuggled in closer and they drank in silence for a while. John watched the flames crackle and consume the logs he'd staked in the fireplace. As they ate up the blackening wood, he considered what he was about to do. Was it insane? Maybe, but he'd already decided upon this course of action. He wouldn’t feel right abandoning it now.
“Of course, now he has the two of us to feed him up,” she continues, now ferreting about in one of Sherlock’s drawers for plates and knives.
Sherlock inclines his head, both in answer to John’s query and to attempt to hide how red his face is. He brushes his fingers through his now-disheveled curls as they both get their breath back. Then, barely a moment after Sherlock feels he has enough oxygen in his bloodstream again, John smacks one last kiss on Sherlock’s mouth.
John kissed his knuckles, shrugging and fighting back his borderline-panic. "I… I just was worried we’re rushing things too much, I guess."
But then, thoughts began to creep into John’s mind and whisper. He had initiated things with Sherlock last night rather on impulse. Did Sherlock truly desire this? Or was he just bored, seeking a distraction?
Meanwhile, John had been radio silent, again. Sherlock tried to ignore the twinge of mingled annoyance, resentment, and longing that accompanied that thought. Maybe by the time Sherlock got home, John would be there too.
John rolled his eyes as he placed the drinks on the table next to his armchair and sat down. "Believe me, I do," he glanced down at Sherlock, then back up.
He strode down the passageway from the galley to the stairs that led to the deck. Voices captured his attention, especially that distinctive rumble belonging to his very own lover. John slowed, curious. Two men were standing at the bottom of the steps, so John stayed just out of sight to listen. He had twigged to something serious in Sherlock’s tone and wanted to know what they were discussing.
“Nothing’s ever happened between him and me, Sherlock,” he says. “I never thought about it much, and besides, I have you now.” He shifts closer until their lips are a breath apart. “I’ve never felt like this with anyone else. So don’t be jealous.”
Sherlock listens to the discussion continue. More of the students chip in, providing feedback, asking questions, bouncing ideas around. They’re seated in a circle, as is customary for this class. John says he favours it because it gives everyone equal footing in the meetings, rather than making John himself the center of attention.
to kiss him, like he perhaps never wanted to kiss anyone before. After all, no one has ever been so confident in Sherlock, so proud and so casually affectionate in public. And best of all, it’s
He waved a hand, and men moved in, hauling Sherlock upright. They moved toward the railing once more.
“Still,” Sherlock murmurs. He bites his lip and peers up at John, suddenly feeling so self-conscious. John watches him, looking a little surprised and baffled. A small crease appears in his forehead to accompany that expression, and Sherlock fiercely shoves down the thought that
He twisted away from John, lighting a lamp hanging nearer them; night had fallen by now, and the sky outside the ship was deep blue, shifting to black with each passing second. John took the moment to study Sherlock’s profile and to consider everything he had learned.
John clattered about the kitchen, feeling serene. The holidays were always mad at the hospital, and combine that with exams and essays and study sessions, this time of year meant Sherlock and John hardly saw one another beyond brief exchanges in the mornings and evenings. Now, though, with the prospect of an entire weekend with no obligations but to one another, John's mood lifted a significant amount.
John’s men shifted on their feet, uncertain what to make of such a phrase as “deal with.” Sherlock, on the other hand, nodded.
“I had such high hopes for you, Sherlock. I’ve been watching all these years, ever since you got your beloved little
“I do have something to tell you though,” John murmured as they headed inside. Sherlock frowned as he watched John rummage for his keys and let them into his flat.
Yes, it is most likely that the man will think better of spending time with Sherlock. It is only a matter of time before John makes that decision on his own, or Sherlock does something to upset him and drive him away. And their rapport turns to cinders in an instant.
shouldn’t be here either!” he gestured to her side, which was surely still bandaged beneath her clothes.
The look Sherlock leveled at him would have made a lesser man quail and apologize for their stupidity, but John, who was not a lesser man, just smiled in defiance.
“I have been studying how cannons function, and I think I have developed a way to disable the firing mechanism. It’s complicated, you don’t need to know the details, as you would surely not understand-”
Sherlock looked bewildered at the unconventional endearment, but not as if he didn’t like it. “Alright,” he said.
He can feel the tension in Sherlock’s body loosening. Emboldened, he presses a light kiss to his collarbone, and is pleased when Sherlock lets out a startled little groan.
Sherlock Holmes, leaning on the door frame, apparently had arrived without making a sound. He watched with keen eyes, flicking all over John’s form. John resisted the urge to squirm under the gaze.
Sherlock nodded, though the victory was hardly as sweet as he had imagined. He had pictured it happening with kisses and smiles, not an impending end of the relationship.
“See, that’s your problem, Sherlock,” Sebastian says with a sneer worthy of Mycroft, only much more malicious. “You never know when to let well enough alone. I’m guessing your… well, I can only assume he’s just a fuck, since no one in their right mind would actually
John laughs, loud and freely, throwing back his head in a way that reminds Sherlock, somehow, of a child. He wonders if he has ever laughed that way, and marvels that it comes so easily to John.
“Mmm,” John repeated once they broke apart. “This is going to be really cheesy, but I like waking up next to you.”
“But how could we have missed that?” Victor exclaimed. He eyes were wide in astonishment and excitement. “Their records must be cleverly manipulated, and any people who interact with other organizations must be proxies of the
“Tell me,” John said, voice steady though his heart was pounding. “What makes you think you can show up without introducing yourself and expect me to willingly tell you everything you want to know about Sherlock Holmes?”
“I wasn’t necessarily suggesting that, though it’s good to know. Puts my mind a little bit at ease. It’s just…” He cleared his throat and shifted in his seat. “If you need to talk-”
“Well, you'll be pleased to know it was one of the few things we found. Before we left Wales, some of our things washed up.”
He tossed his coat down and bent over the teachers’ computer, signing on with rather aggressive keystrokes. Molly watched, frowning. He seemed especially irritable today; she wondered if it had anything at all to do with what Greg had seen — or thought he had seen — after Watson’s class earlier.
Sherlock hesitates, eyes scanning up and down John, who shivers under the gaze—and not exactly from discomfort. “Yes.”
close. His pen taps on the book jacket’s surface as he considers. Then, decided, taking a risk that he hopes will be worth it, he opens it to the title page and begins to scrawl.
“My father was a rich man,” he began. “He was well-liked by the nobility in England, though was not one of them. Because of this popularity, my childhood was easy. I was a bit spoiled, pampered, as any beloved child with an affluent family fortune is. My father’s occupation was in international trade. He dealt in spices primarily, but on occasion textiles as well. At one point, he owned ten ships. It was a steady business, and for a long while he enjoyed it.
“You still could have,” John surged forward and pressed a kiss to the scar on his face. He laid a series of quick kisses down it, then dropped to the one on his collarbone.
Sherlock swallowed. They studied each other for several long moments, until the silence stretched between them for miles, cloying and intense. When Sherlock at last resumed speaking, his voice was lower and softer than it had been the entire argument.
“Get out of the way!” someone yelled. John dove to the side, just in time, as the mainmast swayed and plunged downward. It smashed to the deck and into the sea with an almighty crash.
“Thank you. For being patient.” Gratitude. That’s rare for Sherlock, but yet again, John makes it feel alright.
“You…” Sherlock clears his throat. He hates to bring this up so early, but he knows if he waits another moment, he’ll lose himself in anxiety. “You said we could talk more in the morning. And… it’s morning.”
. Since it’s been out for over five months now, there’s been plenty of time for online reviews to pour in. The everyday readers too, not just the advance readers.
Sherlock still doesn’t understand why John should be so surprised; this is a significant national award, and those who are in the know are sure to be reading the nominated authors they’re unfamiliar with. And besides, word of mouth is a powerful thing. Sherlock personally isn’t shocked that his readership — and therefore sales — is increasing.
“You sneaky, clever thing,” John says, shaking his head. He leans in and kisses him quickly on the lips. “Come on over here.”
“Here,” Sherlock pointed to a strange contraption made of metal, wood, and other bits John could not identify. “Once I get it working, it will be brilliant.”
“Sherlock.” Lestrade gripped his shoulders, a soft expression on his face. “You are not to blame here. You’re being stalked and intimidated, and it is not your fault. You have done nothing wrong. I’m going to help you fix this. Okay?”
“Which part?” Sherlock keeps his voice flat, holding back the deductions and rebuttals he desperately wishes to say.
He straightened abruptly, eyes still cold and now avoiding John’s gaze. “Someone will be along to show you to the galley, Lieutenant Watson.”
He dashed back to the wheel and shouldered Winter and John out of the way so he could seize it. Winter stumbled and fell, and John rushed to help her.
He was tall, slender, and leaned against the wall, an eyebrow cocked. The light was too dim for John to get as sufficient a look at him as he desired, but he could see the man was pale with dark hair. The orange light from the lantern cast rather ominous shadows across his face, obscuring most of his features. His fingers were wrapped around the hilt of a gleaming sword, which he held unsheathed against his shoulder
“Why did they run?” John asked. “They’d already shown themselves more than capable of destroying a ship. So why flee from you?”
“I did. It was foolhardy but, I suppose, effective nevertheless. Still, your sword skills as they are would do nothing to help you in a similar situation. They are a liability, in fact. Any opponent would recognize your lack of training and would exploit every hole in your defenses. I can only hope your marksmanship is more refined.”
Mrs. Hudson vowed to never die, and John silently held her to that. She stayed just below them in flat A, a steady presence they’d always needed, providing tea and scones and sound advice and love, always love.
There was still no sign of Victor. That fact was concerning, but John shook it off. He had other matters to focus on, chief among them keeping everyone on this ship—and Sherlock—from dying horrible deaths at the hands of corrupt sailors. Wherever Victor had gone, he would have to fend for himself.
Sherlock is biting down on a grin as he runs his fingers over the “S,” opens the flap, examines the give of the leather. “You still didn’t need to do this.”
As they passed John, he realized why the man was so taciturn; Sherlock had a small dagger in his hand, not pressed against Sebastian but very obviously present in the man’s line of sight.
“And to bring this back full circle,” John goes on, sitting up and twisting to face him. “You don’t have to know about your future yet. We’re young; we’re not supposed to have answers.”
That afternoon, John practically dragged Sherlock to Regent's Park and sat him down on the bench, chewing on his lip. Sherlock watched, a sudden chill going through him. Was something wrong?
by accident. I didn’t even know how to tend to wounds then. If not for you, helping me heal and training me and getting me to Lisbon, I’d have died. Then, through no significant skill on my part, I became captain, but I couldn’t even distinguish myself that way. And then days ago, yet again, you had to save me. Well, I’m tired of being saved. Let me save you.”
aside. “You know how I feel about this book. Though I admit, it feels different, having it in your hands as an actual book.”
John took a deep breath. “I will not tell you anything.” He would not give a scrap of information to any pirate, even to handsome ones with sultry voices.
? They would be outnumbered at least two to one, and that was not even considering the relative size of the two ships; the
“I was there,” John said. “Or at least, nearby. It's how I found out. I saw the wreckage while on holiday.”
John stared. How the man could somehow know these things, merely by exchanging a few words with John and then just
John turns. “No! Go lie down!” He points a spatula back toward the bedroom, a gentle grin on his face.
When at last they separated, John kept his eyes closed for a moment. The need to savour what had just happened was intense, as if the memory of the kiss sunk into his very soul, imploring—
John waved off the continued laughter, which was now punctuated by whistles and amiable jeers, and made his way up to his lover. Sherlock watched his assent with a raised eyebrow and that soft smile still present on his face.
Sherlock would be perfectly happy to live here, he concludes within seconds. It would be so simple to hide—in the ceiling tiles perhaps—until night arrived and the staff left. Then he could prowl the shelves and read to his heart's content. John or Mrs. Hudson could smuggle him food on occasion. He could set up a bed in the ceiling to sleep during the day, then make his way through all the science, true crime, and mystery books by night...
Because Sherlock could not deny it anymore: he was frightened. Two weeks had passed now since the carnival, and Sherlock still had been unable to divine how Sebastian knew the things he did, like where John worked and what Sherlock was wearing, but it scared him.
Sherlock’s cerulean-and-steel eyes sparkle in the dim light. “So do you. Which reminds me—” He pulls back far enough to discourage further kissing, at least for the moment. “I don’t think you should read any more reviews of your books.”
John huffed, rubbing the back of his neck. “I… this…” he gestured wildly at the tray on Sherlock’s lap. “It’s a bribe, but not just for you to listen to me, I mean… I… I had a whole speech planned out,” he moaned. “But I’m starting to think it sounded better in my head.”
John smiles. As he opens the laptop and starts the film, he makes a silent resolution. He’ll ask more about Sherlock’s life, about his dreams.
“No,” he waved a hand. “Not exactly, just… I don’t know. You just always take it so lightly, your being gay. I’m just… not there yet.”
He expects Sherlock to suggest dinner, or drinks, or something. He doesn’t expect the suggestive glint in his boyfriend’s eyes.
Sherlock looks surprised. “I… yes, I favor that series over your standalone works. But they’re all… good.” He swallows.
Sherlock laughed as John whacked him with a pillow. They settled down, exchanging a few kisses but still too worn from the festivities of the day before to take things further. A half dozen ten-year-olds would suck the energy out of anyone.
He was still reveling in the fact that he had a date an hour later, until Molly’s number appeared on the screen.
“Why not?” John’s voice rose in volume abruptly. “Why didn’t you? Sherlock, this isn’t just about you!”
By the time they stepped off the elevator on Lestrade’s floor at New Scotland Yard, Sherlock had slipped back into the melancholy mood he’d awoken to. Meanwhile, John had slipped back to a comfortable five feet between them as they walked down the corridor to Lestrade’s office.
Sherlock blinks himself out of his (utterly, tantalizingly achievable) fantasy. “Yes, just observing.”
He grins at Sherlock, though, as if the thought of Sherlock developing into even more of an opinionated elitist about the literature he likes is charming. Sherlock is tempted to make some sort of comment about Charles Dickens, but is prevented from doing so when Kitty, the last student left in the room, approaches.
Within a minute, the lock clicked and gave. A smug smile on his face, Holmes rose and opened the door. The students filed in, thanking him. Greg and Molly sat down at their usual table, which happened to be near the door.
But Sherlock’s arms tightened and pulled him back into bed. John went willingly, giggling. “And you?” John asked. “How are you feeling?”
“You aren’t supposed to be walking about,” John chastised, though he was rather distracted by Sherlock’s mouth to muster a stern enough tone.
“I’m glad I bumped into you,” James addresses John. “I was going to call you tomorrow to see how the new manuscript is coming.”
Sherlock paces up and down the narrow aisle between booths. A dozen people have lined up before John’s place, and a young woman — obviously an employee of the convention centre — is adding a water bottle and a pen to the book-laden table.
John’s voice drips with joyful teasing as he speaks into the crook of Sherlock’s neck. “But you love me.”
John stared at him, astonished, for several long moments. Then, his face split into the tenderest smile. He reached up and brushed back Sherlock’s curls.
“You need something to eat,” he said. “A drink, but most importantly food. Fruit, if we have any left.”
John’s hand stilled on Sherlock’s back. When he spoke again, his voice was low. “You already knew about that?”
They appeared sufficiently chagrined at his raised voice. He eyed each man, then nodded. It would have to do; a grudging truce was better than none at all. Besides, their time aboard this ship would be temporary.
“Holmes, chemistry, right?” Irene smirked, flicking her hair over her shoulder. “Oh, yeah, I had organic chem with him my first year of uni. Bloody stern bloke, but gorgeous. I failed a quiz, and that's when I figured out he's gay as a rainbow in springtime.”
Sherlock shook his head, then glanced around. London stretched out before them, but this was the tallest building nearby, giving it an isolated feeling. “How long have you been waiting up here?”
Sherlock wonders about the man. He’d been so… subtly needling when Sherlock had met him a few months ago. Sherlock had supposed it to be from jealousy, so calling him this morning had been a risk. Now, he worries perhaps the man won’t show, and Sherlock will have to wait outside John’s hotel all afternoon. And after the nearly interminable train ride from London, he does not relish the thought. Especially since, as it had been a ticket purchased at the last minute, he’d been trapped behind a row of incessantly babbling children and felt exhausted simply from being in their proximity.
“I do feel a bit… odd.” Sholto stood, as if to shrug it off, but he swayed. John leaped up and steadied him.
The next morning dawned bright and hot. John ventured to the deck almost immediately, as down below was stifling and still. Better to seek out shade and a breeze.
He turned on his heel to find John approaching with a small smile on his face. And in spite of their lack of communication lately, Sherlock felt his heart leap at the sight of him. He smiled back and waited in front of the door for John to catch up, making a deduction with every step his boyfriend took.
“Come on then!” Irene called. Judging from the pink in her cheeks, John suspected she’d already started in on the drinks. “Let’s dance!”
And Sherlock knew he couldn’t very well leave. So it would have to be the morning, he resolved, when it wasn’t warm and comfortable next to his John.
Immediately, John seems to recognize the tactical error he has made. Sherlock sees it too, and his heartbeat sets to pounding. Their innocent teasing laughter has faded to echoes, and they are pressed close together, and John’s lips are centimeters from his own. If the writer were to just tilt his head up and lean forward…
“I… liked him. Call it hormones, as that’s likely all it was. Well, that and he was one of the few people who treated me with any decency in that school. But when he heard I had been calling him my ‘boyfriend’ to others, he laughed in my face. He told me it wasn’t serious between us. He said he didn’t actually want to
"My last class is done at one." He had two today, both equally tedious. "What about you? Oh, you've that anatomy test!"
John glanced down at Sherlock’s hands, half-expecting to find a weapon lending more gravity to his words. His hands were empty though, just clenched at his sides.
John stared over at Sherlock, who was rubbing at a piece of gauze on his neck and was nodding in response to something Lestrade was saying. Sebastian had been taken away in a squad car a few minutes ago, and John had had to resist flipping him the bird as the vehicle had pulled away. Lestrade’s backup had arrived just a few minutes too late, delayed by the car accident that had brought John to Bart’s in the first place.
, but he had eaten regularly. He had mentioned to John that unless work was particularly demanding, he understood food to be a necessity. Otherwise, it was boring and slowed him down.
However, his hand had barely wrapped around the doorknob when someone grabbed his shoulder and yanked him backward.
The pirates yelled their approval. Several clapped Irene on the back, and one shook her hand over her head. John stepped out of the way, though he felt a hand on his arm. He looked down to find Ekene at his side.
He sighed. Molly wondered what he was doing - was he pacing back and forth in the tiny space? Was he perched on the edge of Watson's desk? Was he kneeling at his feet, clutching his hands?
Sherlock doesn’t move. John takes a moment to affectionately examine the focused crease in his forehead, the pencil stuck behind his ear, and the rather feverish way he seems to be reading the open book before him.
“I just want to say this,” John continued. “And don’t feel pressured to say it back but… I…” He swallowed and gulped a deep, stabilizing breath. “I think I might be falling in love with you.”
They moved forward, those gathered parting before them, many with shock and bemusement flashing across their features. John’s hands grabbed at Sherlock’s forearms, though Sherlock’s hands came up to either side of John’s face in an almost reverent way.
. And Sherlock understood. He wasn’t really giving Victor an out, not while there was a blade to Sherlock’s throat.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. His arms were crossed, and he leaned against the railing, casual as could be. The very picture of a captain in his element. “You are nursing a serious wound, Lieutenant. According to Winter and Wiggins, you have been indisposed these last few days. I am sorry for it.”
Okay, so I have never written smut before. Please go easy on me. It isn't that graphic, and probably isn't even well written, but... here you go.
Watson glanced back at the gathered students, blue eyes a bit wide. He turned back to Holmes, sweeping the wave of his hair smoother as if self-conscious. “No, I need to find-”
“He’s got to have been out here at least a day, probably more,” John said between heaving breaths. “I can’t see if he is injured anywhere.”
Sherlock’s expression was gentle. "John. I want you to ask me when you’re ready. Although... “ he swallowed. “To be entirely honest, I… I like the thought of you asking me now. Only if you want, of course. Just know… even if we wait years to actually get married, I don't mind having declared our intentions to officially commit early on."
John looks up and tucks a strand of hair behind Sherlock’s ear. “Yeah, yet. I’m working up to saying it in a minute — you know, spoiler alert.”
“If anyone could…” she shrugged. Then, squeezing his shoulder, she departed. John approached Sherlock.
It took an hour of stiff silences and awkward walks before Sherlock felt he had passed enough messages, calls to action, to feel they would be able to find Sebastian. He turned to John, whose cheeks were now a bright shade of pink from the cold. Sherlock resisted the compulsion to kiss some warmth back into those rosy spots, forced himself to remember that such a move would be most unwelcome.
At that moment, his phone buzzes. In spite of all these doubts, his dive for the mobile is frantic and eager. But when he opens the message, his entire body stiffens in shock.
“Sorry.” He tilts his head up to meet Sherlock’s gaze again. “You just deserve to feel confident, all the time, no matter what.”
, he vowed, as he raised his gaze to look up at the silhouettes above him, stepping closer. Some had realized one on board was not, in fact, a pirate.
Rosie grew. Her hair tumbled to her shoulders in golden waves. Her hands reached for everything but mostly for her fathers’ hands.
Sherlock tilted his head in consideration, but there was no longer guilt present to cloud his countenance. “Well, Mycroft has gathered information not only about the NOTP, but about the EIC, about slave traders. There is plenty of corruption in this world and on these seas, besides Moriarty. And I would like to face them with you.”
“What is this about, Sherl?” Victor asked with a yawn. It was still early, and they had found a bleary-eyed Victor in the galley next to Sholto, who appeared equally sleepy. John wondered if they had stayed awake through the night, talking. He also found himself biting back a laugh at the nickname.
She pressed her lips together, a flash of sympathy softening the skin around her eyes. “I am so sorry about the rest of your men, and your ship.”
“How did you know they’d continue to attack us?” he demanded, keeping his head as low as possible to avoid injury.
John and Sherlock at last leave the restaurant — with another batch of cannoli in a takeaway box thrust into their hands by Angelo on their way out the door. By this time, evening has arrived. The sun is retreating steadily behind the rooftops of London. As they walk through the streets, John thinks back to their earlier conversation.
“Of course,” John could not help but feel a surge of pride for his pirate. “I really haven’t the foggiest idea what he did, but it clearly worked, didn’t it? Where did you find him anyway?”
Irene, of course, was the one to take things up a notch. “No. I don’t see him as the crusading, robbing type. More like… secret service. MI6, or CIA maybe.”
Sherlock shifts his weight from one foot to the other, pressing his lips together as if trying to suppress a wide grin and not quite succeeding. “So, we’re boyfriends.”
He made his excuses as soon as he was able, allowing for embraces and handshakes and a solemn promise extracted by Lestrade to meet with them again. Then, he departed, heart pounding. He leaned against the wall of the inn and pressed the heels of his palms to his eyes. However, even that did not erase the
“So, Sherlock,” Moriarty slunk close, standing a foot away and surveying Sherlock as if he were somehow delectable. “What was your plan? Drowning my gunpowder, certainly, and what else? Planning to cut our sails and lines? Burn us down?”
“Look it up. Kind of hard to explain,” John says around a wide yawn. Sherlock glances at the clock and blinks in surprise.
“That… is actually related to something we need to discuss,” he said. “In fact, I wish to consult Victor as well.”
They chat in the queue, John telling about his evening. Sherlock, in turn, speaks a bit about his work in the lab with Molly, though most of the more technical terms go rocketing right over John’s head.
“Where you said I didn’t know the real you. Where you said that arrogant vindictive person back in the shop was the real you. But Sherlock, that’s not true.”
John lifted the telescope and sighted the ship, only a faint silhouette on the horizon. It had a favourable wind at the moment, but that was what they were counting on. According to Sherlock’s notes, the
No but honestly, thank you so much for all the awesome feedback and kudos and comments! This story is such fun to write, and I'm delighted to see other people are getting attached to it too!
She grins at him, sending a conspiratorial look in John’s direction. “Okay, okay, I’ll leave you alone. See you, Sherlock. Nice to meet you, John.”
“Hey,” a voice said, startling him. He turned to find a boy his age standing a few feet away. “You were in Professor Hays’ literature class last term, weren’t you?”
She nodded. “Thank you. We will do our best to get you safely to port. I think we may have to stretch rations a bit to do so, and your men will have to sleep on the deck instead of the crew’s quarters, but-”
He strode away toward the prow, to his men, who watched him with utter incredulity. All were disheveled and exhausted, all wounded to some degree. Sholto seemed to be worst, and John felt all the breath leave his chest upon seeing him. A gash across the man’s back seeped scarlet blood into his shirt, and his arm laid against his chest at an unnatural angle.
Sherlock shifted closer, looming over John. “I was hoping for something far more substantial than bragging rights,” he said, voice low. He couldn’t help but glance down at John’s lips.
Sherlock did not reply, and John felt irritation surge within him. “Sherlock, I’ve never heard of your so-called friend. I can’t help you.”
“Right, but come on. I’m spending quality time with a dashing chemistry student. That gives me leave to let my grammar slip a bit, doesn’t it?”
After working his way through each segment of the citrus, Sholto appeared to feel better, if a bit embarrassed. John waved it off and retrieved them more substantial fare.
. John lowered him down, cradling his head in his lap. The surviving crew, many sporting wounds and dirtied faces, gathered around. Irene, Ekene, and Sholto stood nearest, and all eyes were fixed on Sherlock and John.
Sherlock’s heart did a funny thing then, twisting and fluttering in his chest. “It’s okay,” he whispered. And maybe, just maybe, it was. Maybe they would get past this.
He did not fail to notice, however, how Sherlock looked up at the last moment, watching John go with a soft, longing expression on his angular face.
’s usual route would turn slightly to the west soon, so they would be no longer entirely with the wind at that point.
John stared, lips parted slightly. Speechless, he could only lean forward and kiss his pirate, hard but tender.
“Morning!” Mrs. Hudson says brightly, entering the room with a tray of bacon, butter, marmalade, and scones dotted with sultanas. She spots John and beams at him, seeming unsurprised at his presence. “I just thought I’d bring up some breakfast.”
So John watches, quite contentedly, as Sherlock eats. Only a scone and a bit of bacon, mind, but John is pleased nonetheless.
He kicked, forcing his throbbing, stinging, weakening body to swim away from the ship. The wake coming off the
John laughed, fingers gently stroking a curl at the base of Sherlock's neck. "Come on, you, let's go."
But Sherlock darts forward again, grabbing John’s hand this time. His reward comes in the form of a surprised but pleased look from John—his
There were few men on deck when they first emerged, but more began to arrive in response to Moriarty’s delighted calls. Several men approached and dragged Sherlock up to the mainmast, slamming him against it.
Sherlock pulls the curtains closed and moves to the side table, where he plugs his phone in. This mundane task seems special: after all, this is the first time he has charged his phone since John said he loves him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. But perhaps he was going to enjoy this. He could very well encounter a much worse selection of humanity on a site like this, after all.
“Yes,” Holmes replied. “The same kind we drank that first night at Angelo's. Remember? Our first case, after class.”
“We have a daughter to think about,” Sherlock said when John asked if he was okay with it all. “I would be heartless if I didn’t think of her. Besides,” he rushed on, as if to cover up the lapse into sentiment, “you’re slowing down, old man. I would be quite rude to expect you to keep up with me forever.”
It’s the scene where Sherrinford Scott meets James Sacker, he realizes. James, the character most of the fans tend to overlook in favor of fawning over Sherrinford, is the assistant to Sherrinford and often the one who gets into trouble thanks to his difficult friend. He had not appeared in the first book, which had narrated Sherrinford’s origin story, his discovery of his passion for crime-solving, and his struggle with controlling his emotions as he attempts to solve several horrible connected crimes. The second book, however, had seen James insinuate himself into both Sherrinford’s and John’s lives. John had nearly panicked, not knowing what to do with him, when he’d shown up as a witness to Sherrinford’s new case, seemingly fighting his way out of John’s pen of his own free will. But after just a chapter, John had fallen under the spell of the sarcastic but loyal man. And he had stayed with Sherrinford—and John—ever since.
, everyone was taken. Or not interested, or I wasn’t interested in them. Or they lied.” He swallows, and John hates the implication that someone has broken his heart. But before he can speak, Sherlock continues, “It was too late, I thought. I… didn’t anticipate you.”
John shrugged off Sherlock’s hand, resolutely ignoring the pain that ratcheted through his limb at the movement. “Thanks for your concern,” he spat, words bitter on his tongue. “But I do not require it.”
He shook himself, barely managing to tear his eyes off the scars to look at her. “Hunger,” he explained with a half-shrug. “He's weak and the fact that I doubt he’s been eating enough, combined with lack of water, has made his weakness worse. He should wake soon, but he'll need to rest.” He let out a slow breath as he gazed down at the pirate captain, who had begun to stir. “The sooner we make port, the better.”
John started at his voice, then sat forward. “You’re awake,” he smiled. “Fear not, you’re safe here.”
John just beams at him, and Sherlock leans forward to kiss that knowing, teasing expression off his face. Perhaps John is more correct than Sherlock wants to let on. Perhaps this is a time for venturing down new paths, taking new leaps, turning to new pages.
The next minutes are a blur, his eyes fixed upon John as he smiles at fans, shakes hands, signs books, takes selfies. Sherlock’s heart pounds, and the lines of his sonnet for John echo through his mind.
Shaking her head, she headed off the ship with Winter. John waited, alone now but for the hands left behind to guard the ship.
“Yes, no need at all,” Sherlock glared at Moran as the man retreated to Moriarty’s side, leaving Sherlock to be held back by the other sailor, who had at least two stone and half a head on him.
“What about the other ship?” Winter asked, dropping to the ground next to them. “We’re just going to leave them to die?”
The man did not awaken for hours. The day had shifted into afternoon, and John was nodding off in the chair beside him by the time he at last opened his eyes.
Across the galley, Irene had noticed the exchange, watching with that piercing expression. John couldn’t tell what she was thinking, but he did notice Sherlock’s conspicuous absence from her side, for the first time all day.
“It’s okay, you know,” John continues, lips brushing against Sherlock’s collarbone. “You don’t have to be cool and arrogant and aloof with me.”
John chuckled and brushed Sherlock’s curls back again, thumb brushing the scar he was studiously attempting not to think about. “Feeling better?”
He pronounced the last word as though it had previously been a foreign concept. The thought that Sherlock had spent so many years thinking he did not deserve or would never receive love made John's heart twist in his rib cage.
“What do you know about this? About him?” John stepped forward. He was still unsure of this man’s intentions, but John had to know if there was news of how and why Sherlock had died.
“Sorry,” the detective had grimaced as he looked at the phone’s screen. “I’ve got to take this. It’s my wife’s lawyer.”
John snickers, then turns his gaze down. “Ah, speaking of going places, I’ve got to be off in about fifteen minutes.” He lifts his eyes from his watch back to his lunch date. “Have you got any other classes today?”
Miraculously, it worked. Through the fog and wind and slashing weapons, he soared. And his feet collided with one of the pirates fighting his captain, sending the ruffian tumbling into the waters below. John managed a grin as he swept by Lestrade, who was gaping at him.
“Thanks,” he said to Winter, leaving her to her work. As he strode away, he heard her begin to hum her usual melody.
John huffed, affecting an offended expression. He could not maintain it, however, and settled for snogging Sherlock breathless instead. Sherlock laughed into the kiss, and John almost could taste the happiness erupting like a flame between them. When they finally decided they needed to breathe, Sherlock pulled back and readjusted his position, laying his head on John’s chest and settling down. John watched fondly, fingers moving to his new lover’s hair unbidden. They were quiet for some time as they soaked in the warmth of each other’s bodies and revelled in these few hours of rare quiet they had spent together.
“He doesn’t check up on you? Even though you’ve been texting me for weeks? Some relationship.” Sebastian smirked, a wicked glint in his dark brown eyes. Up close, they looked almost black. They unnerved Sherlock.
Sherlock huffs, shaking his head. “You know, this isn’t how most people react to hearing my deductions.”
Sholto did not quite smile, but he looked less miserable than before. So John headed back toward Sherlock. By the time he reached the poop deck, he spotted James approaching the card game, rather like an easily-spooked animal.
, scared of finding John and learning he no longer wanted Sherlock or the life they had started building together. The pirate captain, so wise and observant about many things, was so untested in matters of the heart. No wonder he had balked at continuing the search for John; he had never had anyone care for him like that before. Before John, his life had been driven by revenge. He had trusted in his mind to show him the way, so when faced with trusting his heart—and trusting John’s heart—of course he had retreated.
“And the actual bomb-defusing scene was excellent,” Sherlock adds. “From what I can tell, it was accurate.”
John grins and moves again, turning to the side a bit and propping his head up on his elbow, which he places on the back of the sofa. “Yeah? I like obviously good. Go on.”
“I can hear you thinking,” Sherlock muttered. His index finger was tracing shapes on John’s skin, just below his collarbone. “What about?”
They both turned to watch the pirate captain, who had lowered his own telescope and was now signing insistently to Ekene. Both men were frowning, looking concerned. John frowned and climbed the stairs to his level.
“Well, that makes things simpler.” Victor sat up, movements slow and deliberate. John could tell he still felt sore. “So you know I got in with the East India Company. Not the cleanest company, but they aren’t the ones murdering people and bringing illegal opium and weapons into Europe, far as I can tell. They trusted me, so it’s a shame they likely think I’m dead.” He shook his head, the russet-and-copper locks shifting across his forehead with the motion.
John lifts an eyebrow. “I don’t think you need to worry about that. I doubt he’ll ever let that coat out of his sight.”
Sherlock chuckled. "You really like that drink-making gizmo, don't you? Even though it's technically mine?"
John lets out a soft groan and kisses him. They fall silent then, soaking in each other — and Sherlock soaking in the fact he said all that, and nothing terrible happened.
But how can that be it? He doesn’t know what Sherlock wants to be when he graduates or about his childhood. He doesn’t know if Sherlock has ever had a relationship before or if he’s gay or bi or pan or what. He doesn’t know… so many things.
By the time Sherlock has finished his essay, the sun is setting. As he gathers his books and papers into his bag, he catches John’s eye.
, no movement on the latter’s docks. Many people had gone to bed, but there were enough mingling sailors, merchants, and dock-workers for Sherlock to slip through the area unnoticed.
“They are not an official English programme, no,” Sherlock shook his head. “Some Englishmen are involved, but its leadership and operations transcend borders and nations. Thus, it is untouchable. Or at least, not easily touched.”
He stepped around to Sherlock, heart in his throat. His fingers trembled as he rolled his lover over and pushed the matted locks off his forehead.
A few minutes later, the door into the bedroom opens again. Sherlock rolls over, bracing himself for the conversation that he knows is soon to come.
“Have you any tasks for our… new crew member here?” Sherlock glanced up, and John scowled down at him. He wasn’t a crew member.
He headed topside, and found James waiting for him, as he had expected. It was getting on in the day, and most of the crew had gone below for a meal or a drink. However, it was cooler with the sun setting, and John and James often fitted in a spar at this time before they ate.
He retreated to arms length and examined his friend. Skin more tanned, stride a bit more weary, but all in all he looked the part of an exhilarated adventurer.
Satisfied (at least for now), he strides down the aisles, emerging into an open space dotted with tables and sofas. Only a few students are here, it being afternoon on Friday. Which is exactly why John has chosen to come here now, so he can spread out his things on a large table and not disturb anyone, or be bothered by babbling study groups.
John chuckled, holding Sherlock’s gaze. The captain was the first to look away. He stood, seeming oddly nervous. “I’ll go see about getting a meal.”
Sherlock knows of him, but only vaguely. Apparently, he’s the author of a series of horror novels, and the head of a company called Rich Brook Publishing. Sherlock wouldn’t have had any idea who he was were it not for John.
Because surely John was going to break up with him. His stomach dropped through the mattress onto the floor as the door opened.
“Better?” he asked. He did not lift his eyes, and John did not squirm. He knew he was strong, well-muscled, and was comfortable in his body.
“I could tell you thought that.” Sherlock glances down, the faintest flicker of insecurity at last visible on his face. John cups his cheek.
Molly hurried to the supply closet and rummaged around. This being a shared laboratory space, professors usually had to use the same equipment, much to Holmes' ire and chagrin.
“I’ve been the most important asset on ten cases in eight weeks for the man,” Sherlock waved a dismissive hand. “He wouldn’t want to lose that. Besides, this is for a good cause.”
“I see you don’t write your stories on paper, or with a typewriter.” Sherlock smirks a bit. “I thought all the great writers do one or the other.”
“Well, it’s true,” Sherlock says. “Her writing is the best in your class. Other than your own, of course.”
“And the fact that we now know for sure that Holmes and Watson are on a first name basis…” Mike pointed out. Greg suppressed the urge to gloat that they had so successfully converted Mike into a believer.
She nodded. “Until Sherlock gives the signal, hopefully just after dawn, once he finishes sabotaging the weapons. Then, we move in and attack. Simple.”
John gave a small shrug. “I don’t know…” He seemed to immediately realize the danger of that vague statement, though, for he sat up a bit straighter and looked Sherlock in the eye. “Don’t blow up the kitchen though. Nothing destructive.”
“I can access a limited number of cameras right now, though if I really want more, I’ll have to request the feeds from their owners. Too many CCTVs in this city are privately owned, or by TfL or private businesses. But since we’re using his computer, I can send requests using his information. It’ll take time, but we should be able to find him. And then, I suppose, confront him or just report him to his parole officer. And my homeless network will likely find some useful information if this takes too long.”
John touched his skin, worried. He felt feverish. Not surprising, considering he had been floating in a chill ocean for at least a day.
They all piled into Lestrade’s car. John had a peripheral view of Sherlock, who was still quiet as they set off. He watched as his boyfriend curled in on himself and stared out the window. His shoulders hunched away from John.
sailors alike were in their positions already. Some were below, some were topside. Some were in groups, some were alone. Each person had a role to play, and each person was armed. They spoke quietly amongst themselves, reviewing plans of attack and the different stages of their assault. John spotted Winter and Wiggins conversing together, and he caught the latter’s eye. They exchanged a tense nod.
He led James down to the galley, where he located oranges. They would have to do. He would have the man eat a proper meal once he felt better, but for now he needed something sweet. This had happened before, and John had noticed sweet types of food worked best to alleviate the distress.
Yet that was not the Sherlock he knew. Sherlock Holmes was a man with an extraordinary mind, an ability to see and deduce things about people beyond John’s wildest imaginings, and a fierce determination to correct injustices in the world. He often put on a cold, unfeeling facade, but it was just that: a facade. After all, John had watched him dash to the aid of a wounded crew member. John had watched him treat her with compassion, even affection, tending to her wound and stroking her hair through the pain. John had watched him mete out punishment but still stop short of inflicting physical violence. And John had heard his story, of loss and pain, and seen the earnest hidden emotion behind his words.
’s larger bulk enabled them to carry more, and John did not relish the thought that the flagship of the NOTP likely had more weaponry.
“Oh,” Sherlock nods. “Of course. Er… here, I’ve got them with me.” He reaches for his old bag and rummages through it a moment, extracting a thin spiral-bound notebook and handing it to Molly. “You can just give it back to me in lab tomorrow. I won’t need it this evening.”
“Sometimes,” John is now stirring something in a pot. “Sometimes I just sit down at the laptop and the words rush out of me unplanned. All I can do those times is make sure my fingers keep up with my brain. But those are the best writing days. Other times it starts like what you’re looking at, all notes and half-formed ideas. I can usually cobble together a loose plot from that. Course, multiple drafts later, the stories often don’t resemble my notes at all.”
“Mmm,” John groaned. His voice contained a touch of hoarseness, which made Sherlock’s stomach turn over in a strange yet pleasant way. “You.”
John, giggling, tugs Sherlock by the hand into the hotel room that night. Sherlock can hardly believe how his mood has improved — from such anxiety the night before, to a near-constant nervousness today, to this strange contentment. He hopes it will last.
"They had you tied up?" Greg exclaimed. "But you were injured! Bloody pirates." He scowled and shook his head, lifting his drink back to his lips.
John shrugged, a bit at a loss for words. When Lestrade looked expectant, though, he sighed inwardly and explained what had happened once he had gotten to a doctor and recovered. He told them how he had spent several weeks in the surgeon’s care in Lisbon, too injured and exhausted to leave. He told them how another fortnight had passed before he set eyes on England again, having taken passage in a dirty barge to return to his mother country. He told them how after that his time had been occupied by receiving a warm—almost overly warm—welcome home from the officials of the Navy, paid time off so he could finish healing, and party after dull party with his superiors, who only wanted to show him off to their benefactors and the nobility as a pirate survivor.
A laugh burst from John’s lips, loud and exuberant. Sherlock’s baritone voice joined him, laughter pealing from him too. John crushed him into his chest, and they both soon crumbled into a mess of tangled limbs under the blanket, both shaking with laughter. Their lips met in messy kisses, then skittered across one another’s faces, necks, hands, any bit they could reach, laughing all the while. John’s chest heaved, heart pounded, and his thoughts flowed through him, effervescent with euphoria.
finding the same fate, though he could imagine the vindictive laughter of the men he sat with now as they watched the ship sink.
“Oi!” barks the voice of a man John had seen enter a while ago, and who had ignored him pointedly. “Watch it!”
John clenches his jaw, but stops himself leaping to Sherlock’s defense. The man can fight his own battles, right?
John obeyed, but just then, his hand spasmed. He growled in frustration; that had happened several times since the disastrous end to his duel with Irene the previous day. He wondered at the cause. Perhaps stress? Worry over Winter and his own injury? He did not know.
“No,” John felt his heart begin to race. He couldn’t let him leave. He raced forward and grabbed Sherlock’s arm. “My dearest, you need to rest!”
After a time of listening to the worry and speculation and half-spoken theories, John climbed the mizzenmast and perched there, staring through a telescope in an attempt to discern any identifying features of their shadow. However, the horizon was hazy that day, and all he could tell was she flew a dark-colored flag and dark sails and was probably a schooner or polacre. He couldn't even decide which, or what sort of flag fluttered from her masts. He sighed and climbed back down to the deck, where Lestrade and a cluster of crew mates waited.
. “The point is, I didn’t expect my life to have gone in this direction, and I don’t know where it’s going from here. But no one does. You just make the best of what you have. And you, Sherlock Holmes, have a lot. Your mind, your heart, you have so much to give. Whatever you do with it will be brilliant.”
Before a reply could come, however, the ship turned away from port, and the crew began to cheer. The sun’s rays touched the ocean at just such an angle that the waters burst with light. Even the natural elements seemed to be extolling the dawn of the ship’s first journey.
John nodded. “Alright. I’ll take him home.” Dr. Willner had been gracious enough to let him off for the rest of the day, and the next day, once he had explained what was going on.
John only let his smile taunt the man. Their swords flashed, and their feet dodged. He kept an eye on Sherlock, still limp on the deck, clothing shredded and body stained scarlet from various wounds.
“Well, I can leave you to it-” John began to say, bending down to retrieve his bag. But Sherlock caught his arm, tugging him back upright.
Sherlock stepped close but did not meet John’s gaze. “Let’s go,” he murmured, voice still a little hoarse and feeble.
Irene shot him an exasperated look. “Stop worrying. It’s still hours until dawn. Plenty of time for us to prepare everything.”
, enough to sink us but not to annihilate the crew. You did not shoot those in the water. Why? Sentiment. You are prone to it as well. You enjoy this game too much to rid yourself of me. You wanted me to see who you really are before killing me.”
Sherlock nodded with relish. “Mycroft’s missive included a rough description of the ship. It is large, bulky, equipped with at least four dozen cannons, and most notably has red sails.”
Class went long… forgot to iron that shirt yesterday like he planned… busy shift… turned down an interested girl… narrowly avoided being vomited on by a patient, ugh… got a coffee at the hospital cafe…
Lestrade stood halfway across the enemy ship’s gangplank, a sword in his hand and a snarl on his face. He dueled two pirates at once, trying to prevent them and others from crossing onto the decks of the
“If you count an audience of two hundred and an hour long Q&A after the first presentation as successful, then yeah,” John smiles, though he feels a bit awkward as always when speaking about his own successes. He’s not one to talk about himself all the time, though he finds himself having to do so more than he’d like, especially when he has book signings and such.
They were silent for several minutes while Sherlock ate and drank. But John was thinking. Had Sherlock really put off eating just to ensure that John’s injured men got enough food? His heart seemed eager to pound out of his chest and make a home in Sherlock’s at the thought.
Irene stood, her hands covered in blood. She brushed them rather absently on her own trousers and regarded her crew.
“We do practically live together,” he points out, even as his mind unhelpfully wonders, yet again, if John is fully committed, if John loves him.
Sherlock shoots a quick, apologetic glance at John before turning back to her. “Where were you yesterday? I had to fend off Sally by myself.”
Sherlock blinked, that mischievous glint returning to his eyes despite his laboured breaths. “I’m fine.”
“Of course. If you have any further questions, or want me to look at another draft, you know where to find me. And don't worry - I know your paper will be just fine. Don't stress.”
“You bastard!” he cried. Sebastian had ended up beneath him somehow, looking dazed. Other hands, Ekene’s and Wiggins’ and a few others he did not fully register, joined him in dragging Sebastian far away from Winter. More fists flew, and John saw the pirates’ faces twisted with rage. He would not be surprised if Sebastian did not survive this.
Sherlock flushed a rather fetching pink. “I have contacts in most ports by now. Using their information, I’ve been able to piece together their usual route and schedule.”
“What kind of information?” Thoughts of spies and espionage and damage to the Navy crossed his mind in rapid succession. He would not tell this man anything.
And it may have been a sentimental admission, but Sherlock could not bring himself to care. Not when John, his hair glowing gold and his sapphire eyes sparkling vivid in the early morning light, looked at him with such delight and tenderness. No, Sherlock didn’t balk at the sentiment at all. Not this time.
Sherlock chuckles and rolls his eyes, but then starts to shuffle his papers a bit, giving John some space on the table.
Also, my computer is being weird, so I'm posting this a day early. So this chapter isn't as polished as I'd like, but I'd rather get it out while I can.
Sherlock had awoken a quarter of an hour before, but had found himself surprisingly unwilling to get up. It was a Saturday, and he had no urgent plans. Instead, he remained next to John, where it was warm and he could be wrapped up in the memories of the previous night without interruption. Their talk about Sebastian, their kisses, and then everything that followed, Sherlock replayed in his mind, vowing to file them in a prominent spot in his mind palace. They deserved preferential treatment.
Sherlock hated being wrong. But perhaps, in this case, he would have to concede. For now he could not even use both his arms to free himself.
Mike held up his hands in surrender. “Alright, alright. I defer to your judgment, in both their cases. I just don't see where you think they're together…”
“We’ve… er, been talking,” Victor’s cheeks were suddenly red. “He told me about what happened before he came to your ship, Watson, and how he got the scars. He said the red sails were the only thing he really remembers about the ship.”
John blushed and grappled for something else to say. “So… so what happened to him?” he asked, lamely.
“Alright, sir?” she said anyway. She was one of the few students willing to engage in small talk with him.
Anxiety still tugs at John, but he knows Sherlock is right: No author is universally adored, and a small percentage of bad reviews means nothing in the grand scheme of things. John is creating the books he wants to, and mostly enjoys doing so.
“Yes, as a fearsome sailor-turned-pirate, capable of felling men while swinging on a rope.” Sherlock was blushing, cheeks going all rosy, and he ducked his head. “Please. I doubt anyone aboard this ship believes either of us are as formidable as the tales will say.”
Irene’s sword flashed in the sunlight as, again and again, she moved to attack. And again and again, John struggled to keep her at bay. Time passed, though John was not sure how long. His shoulder protested, aching more with each blocked hit. Sweat dripped down his forehead.
“It’s alright, Watson,” she smiled. As she turned that look on Sebastian, however, it turned more snide. “If he wants another go, fine.”
After that, they spent the better part of an hour adjusting John’s grip on the sword, then moving through a slowed-down series of basic parries, thrusts, and other motions the names of which John quickly forgot. Sherlock walked him through each one, standing just behind him and guiding his arms and legs though the correct sequences.
She laughs merrily. “I know what you meant.” Then, her eyes flash between him and the still-hiding Sherlock. “So… are you two… on a
"I was supposed to bring you a coffee this morning," Sherlock said suddenly, fretting. He'd forgotten. "I was supposed to surprise you..."
At that, a look John could only classify as wonder grew in Sherlock’s eyes. And before either of them could speak again, they were kissing once more.
He broke off, eyes moving across John’s body. Once again, John felt vulnerable, as if the pirate were seeing things no one else could.
“Am I to assume he is the reason you rejected my offer?” he asked. John eyed him, but there was no bitterness in his face or tone as he looked between Sherlock and John. Instead, there was only amusement and fondness.
“Of course it has, of course,” John gives him a squeeze. “But Sherlock, we could be so much more. You just… you just have to let me in.”
“I know, I’m with you. But there’s nothing I can do. I’ve told them to hold off reopening this entrance for another half hour, so…” he gestured toward the bloodstains on the floor. “Get to it.”
He shakes himself. He isn’t here because of a strange, slightly sinister horror writer. He’s here because he used the word “love” in an insipid poem; he’s here because he cannot abide the doubt that’s swept in during the past day; he’s here because of John.
, ship of the line of the British Royal Navy.” His voice scraped out of his throat, which seemed coated in saltwater residue. He forced himself to press on. “Please. Help us.”
was moored, twin sets of sails rolled up. Still, a shudder passed through John at the sight, and Sherlock’s hand moved to his shoulder.
He lowered the prone pirate to the bed and raced out of the cabin. He made it to the infirmary in mere instants, bursting in to find Molly changing Sholto’s bandages.
, anchored in a cove to wait until fairer weather, rocked and creaked. This night, John was sure, would pass slowly.
She shook her head, then a slight smirk played on her face. “Oh, I think you can handle it. Just make sure he does not engage in any… strenuous activity tonight, Captain Watson. Though I think had your life gone another way, we’d be calling you ‘Doctor.’ ”
Sherlock blinked hard. Perhaps it was just what he deserved, slowly and painfully losing the boy he loved. He’d always been a freak; why had he allowed himself to believe he would get to keep John? No one had stayed with him in any capacity for as long as John had, true, but that only made it increasingly likely, with each passing day, that he would leave. He would realize what a strange, asocial,
“No, Sherlock,” John takes his hand. “You’re a little more than just a fan, remember? I mean, asked you out for coffee. And in case you haven’t noticed, I’m interested to know what you have to say.”
"Goodnight." He carefully dimmed the lantern in the corner of the room, then turned on his heel and nodded for John to follow. Together, they left the infirmary.
Before he could read the full name, however, Watson sighed and snatched up the phone, silencing it and shoving it into his bag without a second glance.
“Okay, yeah, that sounds good. How many stops are you thinking about?” John’s sharp intake of breath has Sherlock lifting his gaze back to him. “Really?” He glances at Sherlock. “Yeah, yeah… I should be able to do that. Let me check my calendar.”
“There was a strange case I read about in the newspaper,” Sherlock says, his eyes drifting to the side as he recalls. “I was… ten, I think? A boy drowned in a pool, even though he was a skilled competitive swimmer. I thought it was odd, and that something had to be key evidence, but…” He shrugs. “No one took me seriously, even my parents. No one even let me in to the police station, let alone the crime scene, so I had to drop it. But that experience, failure as it was, did begin my fascination with crime-solving. I read books about it, watched true crime documentaries. Eventually, as a teen, Mrs. Hudson got me interested in your novels, which, of course, led me to you.”
Meanwhile, John and Sherlock lay wide awake in the captain’s cabin together. They were too busy being wrapped up in each other to watch the sunrise or to move from their current location.
If you've got time, please leave a comment and let me know how you felt about this story. Thank you thank you thank you for reading!
“Are you attracted to him?” Sherlock asks then, and more surprise jolts through John. The Sherlock of only a few months ago would certainly not have had the confidence to ask such a question.
Now, though, he wished in ardent desperation for just such an unwieldy and dramatic weapon. He almost feared the moment he would have to fire his gun, as it would take time to reload it after. The battle raged around him, men dashing every direction either in pursuit or flight. Harsh shouts, the clatter of swords, and bangs of guns rent the air, deafening John and lending to the sense of complete pandemonium.
“Just…” Sherlock swallowed. “Something I used to do quite regularly as a youth. But I haven’t done it in years,” he added to Irene.
The rest of the cab ride seemed a blur, and he had to blink himself out of a deep reverie when the vehicle came to a stop in front of the flat. He handed over the money with an absentminded word of thanks, then climbed out onto the pavement.
Sherlock immediately tensed. John seemed to feel it, because he turned to face Sherlock and took his hands.
Sebastian Moran stood silhouetted against the sky, leaning against an air-conditioning unit with his arms crossed. This marked the first time Sherlock had seen him up close - and looking like himself, at least - since the time he’d broken into Sherlock’s flat and attacked him. He looked more haggard, rougher somehow. His dark hair and eyes gave his face an almost shadowed look, which was probably helped along by his fierce glare.
. He jumped at the chance to publish this new one.” John watches Sherlock carefully as he continues, “He’s very understanding and competent.”
Ignoring Moran’s continued cries, Moriarty lifted his sword and drove it down. The metal stabbed into John’s gut, and for a moment all John could see was red. Red everywhere, the flames around and the sails above and the blood below.
“I don’t know how to do this. I never let people in. It’s... it’s not what I do.” He wrenches his gaze up and meets John’s, eyes silver-grey in the dim light. “But when I met you, when we became…” He gestures with a vague motion between them, and John nods in encouragement. “You, being with you, I mean... it’s exhilarating. I’ve never felt like this. But... it’s the kind of exhilarating like when you’re six years old on your first roller coaster. You’re sitting there as the cars get cranked up to the top of the first hill, and you’re so excited. You’re anticipating the rush down the hill, the twists and turns and loops. But you’re also thinking, in the back of your mind, ‘What if the cars slip? What if we crash or fall through the air?’ And so while you’re thrilled, at the same time, you’re terrified.”
“And there was so much pressure,” he goes on. “Dad was so proud and excited, telling me I was carrying on his legacy, giving me advice, on and on and on. I couldn’t take it. So I didn’t go.”
Janine bounced off that idea with one of her own — “He could be a thief! I could imagine him looking good in all black, stealing diamonds and rare art!”
Sherlock expression is amused, teasing. “I’m growing more and more confused as to… how. You work at, what, four words per minute?”
“Sounds like you’ve a good thing, with those writers.” Sherlock murmurs, glancing up at John with a soft look.
When John woke, it was still dark outside. He wondered what had awoken him, until a nudge at his side made him twist about to find Sherlock nuzzling into him.
“Okay, enough,” Sherlock says, pulling away and sitting up straighter against the headboard. “I have reading to do. Away with you.”
John’s heart ached. The mental image of a younger Sherlock, still curly-haired and bright-eyed, swam before him. He imagined the mischievous smile on the child’s face turning into tears, and his fists clenched in his lap.
“Oh, is that the distinguishing factor? People who date are mushy?” Sherlock grinned. They’d settled on telling Rosie they date, as neither had been particularly enamoured of the term “boyfriend.”
“Of course not,” Sherlock’s voice dripped mockery. “You only seemed rather annoyed yesterday upon seeing that I am, in fact, alive. Silly me, I must have been wrong. You are clearly delighted to see me.”
He didn't yet know how Sherlock would beam at him on their wedding day, both dressed in crisp new suits with matching pocket squares. He didn't yet know how he himself would be brought nearly to tears during their vows, how Lestrade's speech would bring down the house, and how Sherlock's hand - newly clad with a shining silver ring - would never leave his throughout the entire reception.
swayed, and waves swept up over the deck. John’s feet slid on the soaked wood, and something grazed his arm, sharp enough to draw blood.
They both stopped talking for a moment, and Molly began to wonder if she should just leave now. But then-
He strode toward the stairs that led to the crew’s quarters. One foot on the first stair, he paused and glanced back. “Whoever they were… I hope they loved you, at least for a while.”
“No!” John cried. “You launched an unprovoked invasion of our ship and attacked the men on it. Your intention
He stood just as Lestrade flipped his notebook closed and approached the two men. Lestrade saw him coming first and, in a subtle move but still noticeable, stepped just in front of Sherlock.
Sure enough, as they got up and located pyjama bottoms to wear — Sherlock wordlessly handing John spares to borrow — sounds drifted down to them from the upstairs bedroom. Sherlock’s eyes lit up, and he swept out of the room the moment his clothes were on. John watched, feeling warm. He’d never been this content with Mary, hadn’t felt this way since… well, since before Moriarty had sent Sherlock, arms pinwheeling, off a roof.
“I don't,” Holmes' tone was earnest, almost pleading. “I don't usually. But... it disturbed me more than I expected when they made those comments... about
Sherlock unlocked the screen with a trembling thumb and clicked on the messages icon with its little red notification bubble. He read the text that awaited him.
arrived in the port of Lisbon. John stood with Irene and Winter at the railing as they entered the realm of men once more. Returning to port was always an interesting sensation for John. Such a mass of humanity, of noise and solidness and crowds and structure, pressing in on him from all directions. The large cities where most ships made port loomed, daunting, over the ocean’s edge. Most times, John was loath to disembark.
“Well,” Sherlock says, looking pleased, “I suppose it’s repayment for earlier. If you hadn’t said that thing about Frankenstein…”
“Besides,” John let his fingers trail along the headscarf's soft tie, which dangled just behind Sherlock's ear. “If you'd gone down with the ship, we'd not be here.”
They were still discussing the Opium Wars, but Greg found his focus drifting. He kept glancing at Professor Watson, watching for any sign, any indication that he might be in a secret relationship with a certain draconian chemistry professor.
John frowns. “I’m not sure that’s how that works, but… okay. Still, you’ve got to eat sometimes, you know.”
“I mean, did you surprise me here because you were, I don’t know, anxious about… my commitment?” John sounds as if he is trying to be nonchalant, but Sherlock detects a trace of worry in the question.
They danced through three songs, before at last, they staggered to the side, gasping for breath and through laughter. John got them both wine, then promptly ignored its presence in favor of kissing Sherlock, who looked just too tantalizing with his windswept hair and pink cheeks.
Sherlock’s lips formed a thin line, and when he replied, his voice was brittle. “Do not insult me, John. Of course I cared. We were back in Lisbon barely six weeks later, and the first thing I did upon arrival was try to go to the surgeon who had treated you. But at the time, the harbour guards were watching for pirates, and we had to be careful. I ended up unable to see the surgeon. Then, Wiggins got spotted by the guards while meeting with one of our contacts stationed in the city, listening for rumors about the NOTP, and we had to leave immediately. We have not been back there since. But I have never forgotten you, John,” he said. “I long hoped to be able to find news of you, perhaps in England or through my brother. But when our ship was wrecked, such hopes were dashed.”
Sherlock shifted on the box that served as his seat. His broken ankle was still encased in a splint—courtesy of Molly—though the other wounds he had sustained while aboard the
“Fine,” Sherlock huffed, immediately affecting an irritated tone that neither one of the others believed.
voice that had spoken that word. John really was the one who said that word with a merest hint of hesitation in it, but also a hint of excitement and anticipation. John really was the one who said that small, simple word that has somehow set off a veritable paradigm shift in Sherlock’s mind. Could it be that he was wrong about John’s dating habits? Could it be that
out of Sherlock’s arms. “I didn’t finish signing this one,” he tells Sherlock as he uncaps his pen once more.
Ah yes, it was February, John remembered. A few days ago, Rosie had brought home a form to fill out concerning her food allergies, in preparation for a small Valentine’s celebration.
Everyone beamed and let out exclamations of victory. Then, however, Irene glanced at her watch and sighed.
She went over to a shelf and plucked up a bottle. He took it from her and uncorked it, dredging a cloth with it.
Conflicted, concerned, upset. Obviously indecisive. Has spent the last few hours in Regent’s Park, probably debating whether or not to come back here.
Sherlock is wearing a dark shirt today, the color of red wine. The shade contrasts dramatically with his alabaster skin and startling jade-and-cerulean eyes. His hair is messy from the wind outside, though he seems to realize this, as he reaches up to brush his fingers hastily through the curls.
However, one day, ten days after Watson ignored that text, their investigation crashed back into their lives.
“I’ll be sentimental if I wish,” she says, stepping back and kissing his cheek. Sherlock then is hugged, just as tightly, by his father, before finally escaping and glancing again at John.
The next night, John stood at the window in the kindly surgeon’s guest room and gazed across the rooftops toward the port. There, the
He did not mind, however. His emotions were confused and jumbled and baffling. Part of him wanted to rush to Sherlock and hold him until every bad feeling faded, but another part wanted to shake the man and demand why he had not come looking for John. And to demand why he had been so content to let John think him
“You’re a seasoned sailor,” the pirate said, a small smile playing across his shapely lips. “Been on the seas for several years, living a solitary life but for your crews, not even a wife waiting at port. You have a craving for adventure that very little in England could have satisfied. No, you wanted to see the world, travel freely, but did not want to turn your back on your country entirely. Hence this position on a major ship of the line. You look down on companies like the East India Company for their methods. And,” he paused to smirk, meeting John’s gaze again. “You hate pirates, though this is your first real encounter with any.”
A knock on the door interrupted him, though, and he rose and crossed the room to open it. He stuck his head out and exchanged a few low words with the person outside, then turned back.
He sits, and John darts over to snatch a different chair, this one smaller and wooden and equipped with soft green cushions. Still, it looks less comfortable than the one Sherlock now occupies.
from the east. They used the rising sun, just on the horizon line at the moment, to their advantage. Thus, they were able to surprise the NOTP flagship by coming directly out of the bright light.
He clutched a tray in his hands, a plate, a mug, and small vase containing a single flower atop it. John bit down on his slightly protruding tongue as he balanced everything as he made his way forward. Then, three feet from the bed, he stopped and regarded Sherlock.
“You met him yesterday,” Sherlock protests, though John notices him eyeing the scone in her hand. With him distracted like this, Mrs. Hudson shoots John a wink.
“Considering the stubbornness she’s inherited from her father, I’d wager three hundred sixty four days.”
Holmes called the class to order and explained the procedure. He pulled up a document on the board to further detail the assay.
Not gently enough, it appeared, for Sherlock chose that moment to become more aware of his own body again. He shifted, and a low groan issued from his throat.
John tries to sleep, but ends up tossing and turning fitfully. It’s maybe ten minutes before he realizes something — he’s freezing.
“Oh,” John says, though it comes out mostly as a sigh. (Sherlock has just tugged him even closer, clutching at his hips, and he now couldn’t care less where Mrs. Hudson has gone.) “Well then.”
John watched as Moriarty’s eyes cut—for only an instant—toward the other man, and so John seized his chance. He swung his sword about, just as he had with James Sholto in their last spar, slashing to disarm and throw his opponent down.
Sherlock tries to roll his eyes at the sentiment of the evening, but only ends up closing them as sleep takes over.
Sebastian stood several hundred meters away across the street. He was facing their flat, eyes fixed on Sherlock and John. As they both stared, he lifted the cigarette in his fingers in a kind of mocking salute, then turned and walked away. Neither boy dared take their eyes off him until he had rounded the corner and disappeared.
“It could be,” he offered, arms extended toward John slightly. John went, sensing his need and allowing Sherlock to wrap himself around him. “If you wanted.”
“Just as I was, you were motivated by a father,” Sherlock murmured. “Why? Your father was a good man. He was a friend of our family-”
“Identify yourselves,” a man said. He did not appear to be armed, but John was sure he had a concealed weapon somewhere. It would be foolhardy not to.
“Shut up!” Sebastian barked, then turned his head so his lips were against Sherlock’s ear. “You said you didn’t bring the police.”
His face was anguished, horrified. John could not imagine what he was feeling. Finding out you were the reason all the men you’d traveled the world with were dead would be devastating. John had enough guilt over his own crew, but to have been the
“No, I made no mention in case of interception.” He patted the mast. “I want to do a better job protecting her than I did with the
Moriarty bent down to Sherlock’s level, and his voice dropped to match it. “You and I, Sherlock, think of it. I have watched you all the years we have been apart. You are brave, resourceful… beautiful.” This time, instead of touching Sherlock’s jaw, he pulled back the deep blue headscarf to reveal Sherlock’s scar. His eyes drank it in, his fingers stroked it. Even knowing—for he had to be aware—he himself was responsible for the injury, he seemed to relish the evidence of Sherlock’s pain. “You were always beautiful. And I think we would be brilliant together.”
“It might be easier, Sherlock,” John said, and it suddenly felt urgent that Sherlock heard him, understood him. “Of course it’s easier not to hurt, not to feel any of the darkness, but... but you’re right. Who you are now…” His fingers tightened around his pulse, and his thumb rubbed at the place where his pulse was strongest. “Who you are now, I wouldn’t trade for all the happiness in the world.”
The pirate’s infirmary was cleaner than John had presumed it would be. Very sparsely supplied, but neat and organized. He had been picturing a filthy, wet, horrible space. Not… this.
Would they truly be able to surprise a ship that had defeated so many and caused so much pain and death? Or was this just a foolish, suicidal plan?
And then, as he gazed at Sherlock, all his nervousness suddenly faded away. Sherlock was watching him with a small smile, with his hands clutching at John’s, with a sparkle of delight in his oceanic eyes. The memory of his earlier words came back to John then, another dose of courage through his blood.
Lestrade closed to door behind him, crossed to the desk, and dropped a few files onto it. Then, he crossed his arms and surveyed Sherlock and John.
But still — Molly could see. Holmes gave everyone a chance, some more reluctant people he gave second chances, but no one ever got a third. It was a well-established set of rules, strict perhaps, but it only made Molly respect her professor more.
“John,” Sholto laid a hand on his arm. “It’s alright. I”m happy you found him again. I personally find him rather haughty, but he seems to make you happy.”
Spluttering and terrified, Sherlock barely noticed the backs of his legs hit the roof’s ledge. When it sunk in a moment later, his mind went into overdrive at the same instant his heart too went haywire. He could hear both John and Lestrade crying out.
Sherlock blushes again, which instantly distracts John. That look is rapidly becoming John’s favorite expression in all the world. Sherlock’s so paradoxical—strikingly handsome, and yet somehow endearingly timid. John finds his reactions to compliments charming, but a little sad. Someone as gorgeous and interesting as Sherlock should be confident, not amazed whenever he gets a compliment or is treated with kindness.
Sebastian opens his mouth to retort, when a new voice cuts in, cool and fierce. “Excuse me, have we met?”
But with each passing night, doubt intensified. What was he doing? This wasn’t him. He was Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective and self-proclaimed high-functioning sociopath, not lovesick attention-seeker. Janine’s inexplicable investment in his personal life had made a small part of him wonder… was he really missing something? How was he to truly understand the concept of
“Let’s get some wine,” he suggests before he can second-guess himself too much. “After all, this is a date… boyfriend.”
After a quick meal—the entirety of which John required Sherlock to eat under strict supervision—and a search for clean clothing for John, he, Sherlock, and Victor Trevor convened in the captain’s cabin.
Sherlock can’t help but kiss his cheek. “Well, you deserve it. Of course, personally, I would loathe being famous, but when it comes to being an author, this is good. Your books are touching lives, John, more than ever. This is something to be proud of.”
One night, after a relatively quiet day from Sebastian, Sherlock was sprawled on the floor of their flat, examining a diagram in one of his textbooks when John abruptly bounded through the door.
Several hours later, Sherlock jumped when his phone buzzed on the table without warning that evening. He picked it up and blinked in surprise. It was a message from a prospective match.
Finally, Sherlock spoke. His voice was hard, cold. “I will not apologize for this, John,” he said. “It is decided; I will do this.” And he moved away.
“I never had gone to work with the EIC as I had told you. I had gone to him. I knew information and powerful people he did not, as I had grown up in luxury thanks to old Trevor. So Father was happy to take me in, when he had not been when I was first born. But it was not until he died that I saw my chance at attaining real power. Well, I say died. I suppose if you pushed me…” he giggled. “I’d have to admit I helped that event along.”
She stepped back into the center of the circle and swung her sword to the ready position. Sebastian did the same, a fierce grin on his face. John watched, anxiety pumping through him.
Molly shooed John away before he could say anything, however. “Drink this,” she ordered as she helped him sit up enough to reach the cup.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” John spins around. “I’m dating him, I like him, so is it such a surprise I’m unwilling to
edible substances, and I haven’t washed it out. But it was successful work, I’ll have you know,” he adds with a smirk.
John stepped out from behind the very air-conditioning unit against which Sebastian had been leaning when Sherlock had first come onto the roof. His fists were clenched at his sides, and his dark blue eyes were piercing in their anger. Against the backdrop of the London skyline, he had never looked so dramatic or intimidating. Had Sherlock been able to do so, he might have swooned.
“I know, I know,” Sherlock rolled his eyes as he stood and made to grab his coat and shoes, trying to hide the twinge of pain and guilt he felt behind the sarcastic tone. “Another thing I haven’t told you about. Come on.”
The abrupt regression to formality shocked John as much as if Sherlock had hit him across the face. He pressed his free hand into his thigh and nodded. “Right. Well. Goodbye then.”
“Good, come on then.” Sherlock begins to walk, then pauses and peers at John over his shoulder. John takes the hint and falls into step with him, slipping his fingers in between Sherlock’s.
“Better?” John asked, amused, after Sherlock finished the scone in three bites. He nodded back, and felt a leap of pleasure in his gut when John pecked his cheek. He then picked up the cup of coffee and moved the tray to the bedside table. John moved closer, hesitantly, but beamed when Sherlock gestured his permission.
Night fell now. His men, though shaken and injured, were well on the way to recovery, for which John was thankful. He stood halfway down the starboard railing, alone for the first moments all day. Glad of the quiet, he sighed and glanced back across the deck to make sure he was truly alone. The only people visible were someone John didn’t know at the wheel, James Sholto—bandaged but mobile again near the bow—and Victor Trevor crossing the deck toward him.
They were still far out from port, and John glanced up toward the wheel, where Sherlock stood with Ekene, who guided the
“Look,” John sat forward in his chair. “I’ve been curious about this for days. I don’t want to wait. Besides, I’m sitting. And it's just that… You’re a bloody puzzle, and it’s driving me mad to know more. I can tell you were born in England. That accent, the way you speak, it’s clear. So I want to know. Why did you leave to become a pirate?”
They giggle together for several moments, hands linked on the tabletop. John marvels at the way Sherlock laughs—rather quietly, looking down, as if afraid to be seen having a nice time. So John squeezes his fingers tighter, and hopes he can make that go away, given time. He’d love to see Sherlock laughing freely, without restraint.
Nor had it helped when two weeks ago Mycroft had called about a fight and a stabbing in a prison in the outskirts of London. Sherlock had answered and gone still, shoulders slumping in surprise and relief as he’d sought John’s gaze.
Sherlock stills, and John glances at him. His eyes are wide and gleaming with an avid enthusiasm. “I don’t believe there’s a way for me to agree emphatically enough,” he breathes, voice quivering with barely suppressed excitement.
“Don’t give them your work,” Sherlock blurts. Kitty’s brown eyes flash to him, as do John’s blue ones. He swallows. “Sorry, just… they don’t sound trustworthy, and your writing is worth much better treatment than that.”
“True.” John kisses him once more, then stretches out on the bed. “So, what shall we do tonight? We can order room service, or go out. There’s probably a bunch of authors at the hotel bar. You can meet some of my competition.”
“You wanted me to think we wanted the same thing, so you could, what, keep apprised of my investigation? But you were just a child when we met and when I told you about my desire to destroy the NOTP. Why would you, at such a young age, seek to mislead me. Why would you help a corrupt organization like that?”
was destroyed by a still-unidentified ship, and most of the crew perished. You were picked up by a merchant vessel and brought to land here. That is all you will say, because that is all you know. This is for your safety, as much as for the crew of this ship,” he gestured to the
Irene grinned, and stood. She cried to the rest of the crew, both on the ship and in boats like theirs. They took up the cry, cheering.
Apparently oblivious, John tugged Sherlock's shirt back on for him. "I can re-bandage it if you want," he said, meeting his gaze. There was the faintest trace of guilt in his eyes. Sherlock knew he felt awful for not having been there when Sebastian had arrived, though of course, how could either of them have known then what was going to happen?
The entire vista was absurdly picturesque, but something about standing on solid ground rather than a ship embittered such a view. How he longed to be back out there…
He shrugs again. “A bit.” Clearly a bit self-conscious, he turns his gaze to the closed laptop. “I did have a question about the housekeeper, you know.”
Sherlock paused, heart sinking in disappointment. But he pointed across the room, where the book sat on the shelf, shoved in among John’s pile of horrible mystery paperbacks. John spotted it and dashed over.
.” He remembered holding him close, feeling the heat blossom on their skin, and thinking they had forever now. They’d made it.
“Sherlock,” John murmurs. “You shouldn’t downplay your enthusiasm, okay? Not for anything, especially not with a captive audience like me, right here and now.”
a brand new boyfriend in his flat — Sherlock would not be caught dead washing up. However, today, he stoops to doing so, cleaning the dishes from breakfast, the contaminated mugs, and both kettles.
him, instead of with him. John felt a simultaneous sensation of relief and loss as the captain stepped back and moved to face him. Despite the heat, his back felt cold with the loss of Sherlock’s skin.
is the boyfriend John is referring to? But isn’t it too early for such a declaration? They have only been on three dates. But then, who
Sherlock had his back to the door and was stroking Winter’s hair. “It’s alright,” he murmured. “You’ll be fine.”
John softens at that. It’s an odd compliment to be sure, disguised by an almost-insult, but he knows Sherlock doesn’t mean it in a disparaging way. And honestly, it’s one of the most romantic things Sherlock has ever said.
Later, John sat in the galley with Sholto, Ekene, and Molly. Sherlock had disappeared a while ago, after just a few bites, citing that he’d had a burst of inspiration while in bed with John and he had to write down his idea. John had blushed while the others laughed.
She laughs merrily — obviously not hurt at all by the dismissal — presses a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, then to John’s, and heads back downstairs. John touches the place she kissed in surprise, smiling.
His self-hating thoughts were interrupted by a hand on his shoulder. He looked over to find Lestrade at his side, his touch reassuring.
She titters, and John starts chatting with her, and their words wash over Sherlock. But he does not hear them, not really, as his attention is fixed on his own fingers interlocked with John's.
“That is perfectly alright,” John interrupted. “We can cope with that. I am only glad we survived. For a few minutes, I was sure we would all perish.”
“Ah, Lieutenant Watson,” Sherlock said, his gaze landing on John, a twinkle appearing in those distractingly lovely eyes. “Joining the realm of the amoral pirates, are you?”
With somewhat jerking motions, the crew pulled John and the man upward, toward the deck. As they reached the railing, John seized it and helped his crew lug them over. Several pairs of hands reached out to steady John and lower the still-unconscious man to the deck.
“Okay,” John cuts in quickly, before Adelbert can compose himself enough to retaliate. “Let’s take a step back. Kitty, I personally love the character development you put in this story. And it seems like you’ve done a lot of historical research to make this accurate.”
“You’ve not trained much with the sword,” Sherlock said with no small amount of amusement. John tried not to bristle with irritation, despite the truth of the other man’s words. “Your grip is amateur, and your actual technique…” He shook his head. “You’d not last long in a proper battle. You were lucky Irene allowed you to try as long as she did during your duel.”
Janine rolled her eyes — probably at Irene’s pun — and nudged Irene in the side. “Okay, that was one time. And they were absolutely shagging, okay?”
“Sherlock,” he started, brushing a hand down his back. “This might be too soon, and it might be because of… well, last night. And I know I’ve never had a real relationship, so I might be doing so many things wrong and not ready for some things, but… I feel like at least you’re sort of in the same boat with me.” He met Sherlock’s eyes, expression gone a little shy and self-conscious.
Sherlock shrugs and colours a bit. “I read an interview once where you said you like his films, so I watched some.”
“That’s all?” he asked without thinking. Irene’s thin eyebrows lifted, in a manner rather reminiscent of Sherlock’s usual expression.
He only swigged more rum, trying not to smile. Truly, he didn’t mind. This ship was far more casual in the division between captains and crew, and Sherlock could be much more embarrassing. Such as the time he had declared his love for John in front of everyone, a burning ship on the horizon serving as their backdrop.
You might have noticed the chapter count went up. I decided I needed one more, because the next bit isn't quite done, and I wanted to stay on schedule and post something today. So this one's a bit of a cliffhanger (sorry!), but the next part will come in about a week.
A glint sparked to life in Sherlock’s eyes. “Oh,” he murmured, his voice an octave lower. “Is that so?”
“You are so cute,” John said, grinning and still fighting off giggles. “You try to act all emotionless and super-genius-y all the time, but you’re really just so cu-”
Sherlock straightens his spine. “One does not have to be a writer to be able to appreciate good writing.”
Thrilled that he was allowed to do this now, John stepped up behind Sherlock and wrapped his arms about Sherlock’s slender form.
John chuckles, but then sobers. “Still, odd that Moriarty is recruiting authors like that, isn’t it?”
“So, Lieutenant,” he teased, amusement sparkling in his every syllable. “How do you feel, having awoken in the bed of a pirate?”
After only a few minutes, John staggered back. His hand found his shoulder, which twinged with a sharp pain as he did so. His hand jerked to the side, unbidden.  “Sherlock,” he gasped. “I have to stop.”
“Hi, Daddy.” She turned her attention to the spoon Sherlock had set in front of her, tapping it on the arm of her chair.
He doesn’t look different — still long-faced and sharp-angled and pale-skinned. Why doesn’t he look different? John loves him; he should be
, Sherlock’s lip curled into a smug smile. “But you were wrong. You did hear from me, and most importantly of me. You knew I was after you, and you knew I was getting close. Why else you would be here? Why else would you have made your way onto John Watson’s ship, if not to get near me?”
“Yes. If it hadn’t been for Mycroft, I’d still be in that situation. With the new identity, I was safe, but I still feared what would happen to you two if we were discovered. I felt it would be better not to share plans anymore. I’m sorry. A few years back, I stopped contacting even your brother.” Victor crossed his arms. “I was in so deep,  and I was so close to meeting some important NOTP representatives, I did not want to leave a trail that could lead back to either of you.”
He darts into the bedroom, diving for his bag. Mere seconds are all that’s required for him to find what he needs, and then he hurries back to the sitting room, where John hasn’t moved.
He shrugs and settles back into the pillow. Sherlock’s sleep habits are frankly appalling, but John has found that during the nights they spend together at one of their flats, Sherlock is more inclined to at least lie down and rest.
“No, no, it’s alright,” John soothed, squeezing his hand. “What happened? Was that too much? Too fast?”
Any historical inaccuracy I made in this was accidental, nor has this been beta-ed or Brit-picked. So if there are any major errors, feel free to let me know so I can address them.
They fell into silence up on the deck, holding each other's gaze. Sherlock looked drained, exhausted, and to John's surprise a jolt of sympathy rose within him.
“What if I want answers right now? I dislike not knowing things, John,  you know this. Especially things about myself.”
He shrugged. “Resting. Cap says there's nothing can be done at the moment. I'm just... cleaning up.” He gestured at the scarlet stains spread across the deck.
He spun on his heel. “I am going to see to Sholto. If Lieutenant Adler there or Captain Holmes requests anything of you, treat them as you would treat me.”
Sherlock crosses his arms. “The mere fact that I’ve never been enticed to read these other people is evidence enough that you are superior, I should think.”
was barely visible now, most of it below the water’s surface, save for the tip of the foremast. John grimaced at the sight and turned away. “Your choices are to cooperate here, or swim to port!”
Sherlock glances at the small crowd of onlookers, but is relieved to see only a couple impatient faces at the delay. The others smile at him, clearly delighted with this impromptu reunion, even if they don’t know him. So he smiles back, hoping his face isn’t too red, and then hurries around to John’s side of the table, recalling the last time this happened, at the book signing at Sidney's Pages, when John had first introduced him as his “boyfriend.”
Sherlock wrapped his arms around himself as John explained. He felt his throat tightening once more. He’d been such an idiot, not telling Lestrade in the first place. Why hadn’t he? Why had he been such a fool? Why hadn’t he done something? An entire month, and Sherlock Holmes - the consulting detective with resources and plenty of help at his fingertips - had not done a single thing to get himself out of this situation?
John emerged from the surgery four hours later—emergency appendectomy, never a dull moment in Bart’s A&E—and leaned against the wall to breathe. This shift was taking ages.
He turned toward the horizon, the piece of flag in his hands trailing into the ocean. More pieces of shattered wood were drifting in the waves. There was enough of it to ensure that anyone looking could be assured the ship the wood had once composed had not survived.
Meanwhile, John’s schedule was becoming increasingly tight. He had several exams coming up, major ones, and it seemed he was spending more and more time holed up in various study spots and less and less time with Sherlock. The detective didn’t mind, not really. He understood how much this meant to John. Becoming a doctor was his dream; Sherlock was not going to stand in the way of that. He only wished John would notice him, would at least study at home on occasion.
His cabin was sparse, neat, and organized. A bed, meticulously made, a shelf running along the wall, a small chest, and a small desk were the only pieces of furniture. John had never been a material man, though, so this suited him fine.
Sherlock worried at his lip a moment before speaking. “Why now? What made you decide to kiss me last night? To talk about all the things we’ve been talking about?”
“What—” Sherlock starts to ask, but John leans down and plucks a large gift bag out from under his chair.
By the time he became more aware of himself, John had pressed Sherlock backwards so he was up against the leather armchair. They remained there for who knew how long precisely, kissing, unhurried, as if they’d done this many times. As if it were routine, expected, unextraordinary.
His deft fingers pulled back John’s partially-buttoned shirt to reach into the inside pocket and extract what he had spotted there—a piece of paper.
“Mummy, please,” Sherlock groans, making a valiant but fruitless effort to extricate himself. “Don’t be so sentimental.”
“Fine,” Mycroft waves a dismissive hand. “But the business I had there was, as usual, none of yours.”
“Hey,” John tilted his head down in an attempt to catch Sherlock’s gaze. “Like I said, I’ll only kiss me if you ask me to.”
She and John bump fists and chuckle. He reaches for her book and asks her name, signing with his apparently customary flourish. Meanwhile, the girl's friend shifts closer. Until this point, he's hovered behind her, watching. Sherlock eyes him, suddenly suspicious.
“Yeah,” John interlocked their fingers. He leaned down and kissed Sherlock’s palm, just a soft brush of his lips against his skin.
There. He leaned forward, brow furrowing as he read. Using Mycroft’s clearance codes, he’d accessed employment and prison records, though it yielded worrying results. Sebastian had been paroled this month, for good behavior. Sherlock scoffed. If he knew anything about Sebastian, the man was lying through his overly-white teeth. He recalled in the lectures they had shared their first year of uni how he’d more than once charmed his way to a pass grade, employing manipulation or even outright subterfuge of other students when he needed to. It was no stretch of the imagination to believe that he had pretended at being a remorseful, well behaved prisoner.
“There is a difference,” Sherlock replied. “They kill innocents. Destroying them would be the precise opposite.”
He had forgotten about the place on his arm where a bullet, or perhaps a harpoon, had cut a gash. It had stopped bleeding, and as he touched it he found it was not overly deep.
But with the dialogue safely back on the specifics of the plot, Sherlock feels the tension within himself again seeping away. John, despite being an at least modestly famous author, is quite easy to converse with. Sherlock discovered that at the book signing, but the revelation still fascinates him. After all, most people are tiresome. And yet here, on the sofa with John’s arm around him, he feels his smiles coming without bidding for the first time in a long time.
He stood, intending to stride above and find answers, but the ship rocked just as he did so. He staggered into the wall. A twinge shot up his arm and settled on his wound, which he grabbed with a wince.
John turned to him again, and his eyes were serious, intense. “You,” he murmured. “You’re my so much more.”
Sherlock groaned in frustration, running his fingers through his hair and turning away. John, abruptly self-conscious, glanced around. Those nearest, including Irene, appeared to be studious in their efforts to not listen. Well, actually, Irene was not included in that group; her eavesdropping was rather blatant. He caught her eye, but she looked back in defiance, hands on her hips.
Sherlock scans the notes. Much of it is written in some sort of shorthand/abbreviation system, much in fragmented phrases and somewhat nonsensical sentences. He does see a few character names, details, and a timeline marked up with arrows. However, most of it seems to be very much still in the formative stages, judging from the sheer number of question marks and crossings-out.
Almost twenty-four hours later, he still could hardly believe it. Sherlock had lied to him. For an entire
He stepped forward, and twirled his sword about. Moriarty may be the captain and leader of one of the most powerful trading companies in the world, and he may be responsible for the deaths of probably hundreds, and he may be coming at John with a sword, but he did not know what he was dealing with in John Watson.
3. The Strand Book Store in New York City is an independent bookstore that’s almost 100 years old. I’ve never been, but a friend of mine has visited and loved it. It’s also been a great venue for author events, and so John getting to go there is a fairly big deal, especially in terms of him breaking into the American market further.
John felt speechless for a moment. Then he grinned. “Well, what are you waiting for? Report to Winter and Kate over there for your orders.”
“How do I know you are telling me the truth?” John asked. Sherlock had mentioned the NOTP had plenty of landed gentry in its pockets; how did John know this man truly was who he claimed?
John feels something inside him twist. Seeing Sherlock’s nerves over a matter as simple as a Christmas gift for his boyfriend makes John ache. He’s reminded once more, as he leans in to kiss him, to get to know this man’s heart better.
even got here! The TfL lot are going on about opening up the station again, and about peak hours, and-”
’s crew. Thus, you became another target. As was Victor, as they had found out he was quite interested in their operations. It would not surprise me if they had a spy of their own on your old ship, Victor.”
Greg hadn’t stopped grinning in, oh, at least an hour. He also still was staring down at his phone screen, at his text conversation with Colin specifically. After running into one another at the cafeteria, they had talked for hours until Colin had to head to work. They had, however, exchanged numbers.
?” she exclaimed. “Oh, Watson. You are truly unobservant to an excruciating degree. No, Sherlock and I… I shall just say our tastes run in rather opposite directions.”
John blinks in surprise, though a pleased little smile fights its way onto his face. “What was that for?”
Then, without warning, or so it seemed to John, Winter gasped. Sebastian’s sword had sliced a gash on her arm. The blood was shocking against her light blue shirt. John’s heart jolted at the sight.
Sherlock leaned forward until they were nearly nose to nose, then after a penetrating look, pressed their lips together. Both savored it, not in a hurry at all. Sherlock, often abrasive and bold in his opinions, felt how different he was when they were alone.
“Yeah. I'm not exactly in the closet or anything — my parents know and they're okay with it — but I don't want a big deal made of it, you know?”
Within ten minutes, they are both seated again with their food: a sandwich and tea for John, soup and coffee for Sherlock.
Mike suggested perhaps Holmes had been locked out of classrooms many times, and so had learned to pick locks in a fit of irritation. Everyone shut that down without hesitation, opting for something more exciting.
“I was worried,” Sherlock said, and the admission sounded as though it tasted of acid on the pirate's tongue. “I feared that in the intervening time you had decided you didn't want this life after all. You came to be on my ship by happenstance and misfortune. Had you come on board willingly, I might have thought differently of finding you again, but as it stands…” he ran his fingers through his hair. “As it stands I essentially kidnapped you. You were not on the
The navigator joined him, and the two began conferring. John hovered near them, feeling a bit lost. He spotted Wiggins lugging a bucket and headed over to him.
John does not allow his gaze to drop an inch; rather, he lifts his chin and sends his most steely stare at the taller man. “If I did, do you really think I would tell you?”
They are silent for a moment, as they shift and maneuver and adjust pillows and limbs and sheets. Once they settle, however, John speaks.
“Night, Sherlock,” he whispered. He slid close and placed a hand on Sherlock’s arm, then, after a brief hesitation, wrapped it around Sherlock’s body, moving flush against the detective’s back.
Sherlock nodded as he nestled the instrument back in its case. “As I said, it’s been ages since I’ve done so. Did… did you enjoy it?”
“For seven years now I have sailed, targeting NOTP vessels. Now, I also need to find Victor in addition to uncovering irrefutable proof of their wrongdoing. So far, fulfilling both goals have proven… difficult.” He grimaced. “I fear it will be a lifetime of work.”
Sherlock grins, reaching out to grasp John’s hands. “Surprising you, obviously.” His anxiety retreats, and the confident tone comes easily, for once, in response to John’s enthusiasm.
“Hi,” he shakes her hand, smiling a broader version of his for-book-signings smile. “Nice to meet you.”
John purses his lips, but decides the debate about quitting is a discussion for another time. “What are you doing out here?”
Seven nights passed, full of tedious conversations in pubs and clubs, a few phone numbers and resulting banal chats, and one particularly memorable kiss. And not the good sort of memorable.
The fire was unstoppable now, climbing the masts and spreading all across the deck. Red and orange light flickered across John’s face. He felt the near-scalding heat creep along his skin, and he knew he had to escape.
John bit his lip. He could feel Sherlock watching him but couldn't bring himself to look into those fathomless eyes. "I think we're doing a lot better. I think we've come far since then," he murmured.
“Best navigator I’ve ever met,” Sherlock told John, nodding at the man’s retreating form. “What can I do for you, Lieutenant?”
Before he could convince himself not to act, John leaned forward and placed his hand on Sherlock’s wrist where it rested on his knees. Sherlock’s face twitched with surprise, but then he smiled. A pained, small smile, but an improvement nevertheless on his melancholy expression. He turned his hand to grasp at John’s wrist in return.
The pirates launched into action. Some tied down lines or loosened them as needed, some were in the hold readying cannons, some were passing weapons to others. They were only two dozen, but every face was hard with determination. Orders were called out, feet thundered across the decks, and bodies flashed by. In the center of it all, midship, stood John. He watched the organized chaos with an appreciative glance, yet that admiration was tainted by his own worry.
Victor hesitated, eyeing John with no small amount of unease. “It’s alright,” John said quickly. “I’m… a friend of Sherlock Holmes.”
However, John was still unsure, despite Irene’s near-constant reassurances. It sounded too easy. After all, how was a ship such as the
a Grinch about it all. He humoured John’s insistence they go to a holiday market (albeit with obvious reluctance if not outright verbal complaints). He also went to the university staff party as his date, and now, John is getting a Christmas morning kiss.
The way he said it — cautious, earnest, and so damn vulnerable — nearly brought tears to John’s eyes. He blinked and managed to stop them just in time, and instead leaned forward so he could whisper his reply right into Sherlock’s mouth, as if in doing so, his words might reach Sherlock’s soul.
“Okay, okay, let me get the light, you darling, ridiculous octopus,” John laughs as he struggles to roll over.
His voice was small and still a bit weak, a bit bashful. John slipped an arm around his shoulders and squeezed. “We’ll have plenty of time for more of that later.”
“James!” he says, something in his gut tugging at him at the sight of the man in spite of himself. “Fancy seeing you out and about!”
Most importantly, he was alive. His pulse thumped, slow but steady, beneath John’s fingers on his chest.
John shrugs. “I can get another chair. Besides, it'd be rude to not offer you a seat, since I asked you here.”
Sherlock exhaled again, and John was relieved to notice he was a bit less trembly. “I do want you. In all the ways. I always have.”
had not been moving quickly when they had first thrown Sherlock overboard, but as the red sails were now completely unfurled to catch the full force of the wind, the vessel was picking up speed.
When he opened his eyes, he took in the deck. Sailors moved about their business, working with efficiency but also what appeared to be good humour. John hesitated. So far, he had not been treated badly here. In fact, he had been rather ignored more than anything else. It seemed the presence of a Royal Navy lieutenant was not a bizarre enough occurrence for the pirates to take much notice. Perhaps they had seen much stranger, which—considering the apparent eccentricities of their captain—was not so far-fetched a guess.
, John mused as he laced up his boots one morning, five days after the disastrous battle between the
A woman with a lithe build and dark hair that tumbled down her back stood near the mizzenmast, out of reach of the scuffle. Her eyes were as blue as an Arctic glacier.
“Just because we don’t need it doesn’t mean we don’t want it,” Sherlock said, seeming to surprise them both.
Instead of hitting Mycroft, however, John smiles. “Well. You’ll just have to wait and see, won’t you?” And he turns on his heel, opens the door, and barges back into the sitting room.
“Now, hang on,” Sebastian moved closer again, and this time, Sherlock found himself unable to move away; his back came in contact with another air conditioning unit. He slid to the side in an effort to get around Sebastian. “I just wanted to thank you for not tipping him off. Woulda made my job a lot harder if he’d come after me. Although, I guess he didn’t even notice this was going on. He doesn’t even care about you enough to notice.” Then, he smirked, an unpleasant expression. “Scared, Holmes? Scared of what I was planning to do to you? Or was it just that you thought little Johnny wouldn’t help you?”
Irene seemed to read his mind. “He may be a pirate, Watson, but don’t let that fool you. It should tell you something, the way the crew is with him. They follow him—
. None won, all swallowed back by uncertainty and the knowledge that Sherlock would not welcome such words.
They spent the rest of the day chatting on and off, about their work mostly, but also—to Sherlock’s surprise—about other things. Television and books, favorite foods, things Sherlock usually took no interest in at all but which somehow seemed fascinating and amusing when he spoke of them with John.
Sherlock twirls his pen round and round his fingers, trying not to fidget too much. He has accompanied John to his creative writing lessons before, but always feels a bit out of place. The students John teaches use phrases such as “narrative voice” and “anaphora,” “in medias res” and “archetypal.” And don’t even get him started on the poetry analysis. He had no idea there were so many ways to describe bloody
“Sorry,” John apologized, somewhat insincerely. It had to be done, after all. He wiped the dried blood away, then set to sewing up the injury. His needlework was still rudimentary, but functional. Once finished, he snipped the excess thread, sat back, and handed the needle to Molly.
“Don’t patronize me,” John cried. “In spite of what you might think, I am not a fool. Which is why I am telling you this is foolish. We can find some other way to defeat them, that does not involve you risking your life!”
That evening, John found his way to the infirmary. Ekene had already been and gone, beaming at John when he had caught sight of him in the crew’s quarters.
He looked up and smiled, feeling a jolt somewhere in the vicinity of his stomach when he caught sight of John dashing over to him, a wide grin on his face. He pushed himself off the wall and opened his mouth to greet him, when-
John smiles, shuts the door, and goes to him. He trails his hands down Sherlock’s sides, feeling him shiver beneath the touch.
John, on the other hand, seems to deal in emotions without any effort. No wonder his books touch people.
“Of course not.” Sherlock’s expression turns cheeky, that grin accompanied by a glint in his eye. “I have plenty of feedback.”
A noise in the flat made him tense up, until he heard the distinctive sliding of a key into a lock and footsteps that told him John was home. He sagged into the pillow in relief and peered at the clock on the bedside table. It was after one in the morning. John had certainly been correct about missing dinner.
John laughed, even though he knew Sherlock was teasing, was actually relieved at the lessened danger.
“Sorry,” John said when they broke apart. “I guess I’m all thrown off after taking that extra shift on Saturday. I’ll figure it out in a day or so…” His voice trailed off as he was overtaken by a massive yawn.
The air was still, the curtains were drawn, and the shadows gave the space a muted appearance. The only sound and light came from the fireplace, where the remnants of flames were crackling. A soft golden-red light suffused the area around it, which was where John finally spotted Sherlock.
“I… I am about to graduate with a chemistry degree, but I don’t want to be a scientist. Not really. I’m not the kind of person who wants to work for the government, like my idiot brother. And working for a university doesn’t appeal to me either. Students and grading and all. No offense to your creative writing workshops.”
One morning, when the sun began to stream through the porthole, John at last mustered the strength to sit up. He winced. The wound in his shoulder, though it could be much worse, much closer to his heart, still sent fiery pain through his arm. Still, it was more manageable than it had been for hours.
And yet. Sherlock’s way of viewing the world, all in shades of grey, his fierce seizure of independence, his bold opinions, called to him as nothing had before. His drive for justice seemed to match that of John’s, and now all John wanted was to stay to help see Sherlock’s mission through.
John had given his statement while Dr. Willner examined Sherlock; now the consulting detective had been declared without any serious damage and was giving his. He was pressing charges, he’d told John that much before they’d been separated, and he would testify if he had to. Hopefully, John thought to himself, Sebastian would be locked away for longer this time, and never bother them again.
“I’ll tell him you said so.” She chuckled. “He’s probably already off chasing the ladies, or the drinks.”
Sebastian looked livid. A woman near the back called out, “You just don’t like being defeated by a fighter half your size!”
The pirate captain smiled at him, joyful incredulity and a hint of playfulness lighting up his features. “Captain Watson,” he said, so softly John could only read his lips to understand.
been wearing his coat at the carnival. The wind had been strong and cold, so Sherlock had grabbed his new coat - a dark wool one John had bought him for his birthday - and wrapped it tightly around himself before he and John had set out for the fateful event.
“Not bad.” Sherlock goes back to reading his book, simultaneously sending his fingers flying across the keyboard of his laptop. “I’m almost done.”
He staggered and fell against the railing. Below, floating in the waves, were bodies of his men. “Oh, God,” he gasped.
John watched the flurries of movement through his telescope with a sizable amount of apprehension. They were truly doing this. They were pursuing the
John swiveled his head. Most of his crew was dead, but he now saw a few who watched him. Some had feigned death as John had, others were injured and bleeding enough to appear deceased without trying. And they watched him. Their ship destroyed, their friends killed, and they still looked to John for leadership and guidance.
John scoffed, cutting off Sherlock. “It may disappoint you to know, but the Navy deals with other things besides pirates. We don’t just sit around and gossip about your kind. Besides, what does one pirate matter?”
“I still lied to you,” Sherlock conceded. If John could be brave and say these things, Sherlock could admit this.
John lies there, letting his eyes drift closed again and listening to the fall of the water. A small — probably giddy — smile spreads across his face as images of the previous day dance before his closed eyelids. Spending time with Sherlock, selling almost two dozen books, putting his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders in the bookstore, speaking with fans, eating dinner with Sherlock, meeting Mrs. Hudson, declaring Sherlock as his boyfriend…
“I know this,” John said. “It’s one of yours.” He’d heard it many times over the years, and it was one of his favourites.
stumbled backward, the sword falling from his hand and skittering across the floor. Sherlock rose to his full height. He moved forward, intending to fight his way out. But Moriarty was quicker, pulling a gun out of an unseen place on his person, bringing it to rest on Sherlock’s cheek. He grabbed Sherlock, yanking his arm behind his back and kicking his knees out from under him. Sherlock went down hard, dropping to the floor, the gun following him.
The man regarded him in silence for a beat, then smiled. It was almost genuine this time. “Apologies. You are too sensible to be frightened by such tactics.”
Sherlock moves tentatively into the flat, gazing around. The space is a studio unit, the bedroom, toilet, and kitchen farther back, the sitting room the part he stands in. In addition to the desk, there is a sofa, television, squashy-looking armchair, and, most importantly, a large bookshelf that serves as a room divider between the sitting room and the kitchen.
“Well, while I open this up,” he twitches the tablet box after they break apart, “why don’t you get that last box and see what’s inside?”
John laughed and did finally go find a flannel. He cleaned them both up, then glanced at Sherlock, who was watching with a soft expression. “Hey,” John murmured, reaching up to touch Sherlock’s face. “You know you’re the only one I want, right? I want this to work. I’ll work to make this work.”
A figure moved away from its fellows and knelt down. John looked up to see an angular face, framed by dark hair. And those eyes… piercing, sharp, intelligent eyes.
It was not an unexpected request. Sighing, Sherlock pulled out his mobile, unlocked it, and pulled up the text thread with Sebastian. John flicked to the top and read, eyes blurring slightly as he scanned the messages. Sherlock fiddled with a loose string on the edge of the sofa, waiting.
Molly shrugged, eyes wide in apology. John sighed and asked her to fetch a bowl of water and a clean cloth from the infirmary.
Lestrade was promoted to DCI, then some years later, retired at sixty-five. His farewell party was the loudest, wildest one seen by Scotland Yard in decades.
John huffed a soft laugh. “I hoped we wouldn’t,” he breathed, lips inches from Sherlock’s. “I’m not done with you, Sherlock Holmes.”
John steps inside the foyer of 221, shivering. The early December chill feels as if it’s seeped into his bones, even during the short walk from the Tube station to the flat. He stomps his feet on the rug, and shakes a few droplets off his coat before hanging it up.
Sherlock’s slightly dizzy smile turned into something else, tenderness giving his battered face a softer, younger appearance. John stroked a thumb across his cheekbone. They had done it. The
And bright verdant-blue eyes crinkled with delight as Sherlock Holmes gazed over his domain from the prow of his ship.
Sherlock bit his lip. “John, that is infected. You’ve clearly been feeling poorly all day. You need proper care, extended care. Possibly a hospital. And as it is, you are a liability on this ship. Besides, I know you have been worried for your crew. I am certain Captain Lestrade would be relieved to hear of your survival. You have obligations to them, to your life.”
“Oh, I think you’ll be surprised, Sebastian,” Irene called, eliciting cries of assent or challenge from the spectators.
Molly and Greg were not sure, but with their essays due soon, they could not indulge in their investigation as much as before. Instead, their after-class theorizings had been replaced by research sessions in the library.
"Are you sure?" John pressed, unable to stop himself feeling a bit anxious. This felt nothing like how the movies made it seem...
In the morning, Sherlock wakes gradually. When he hears John get out of bed and the shower switch on, everything from the night before floods back. Those memories wake him fully. After they’d gone to bed, Sherlock had reached out tentatively to touch John’s waist, and John had reached back, pulling him close. As if he
soared forward, no longer at risk of running afoul of the reefs. Without warning John spotted land ahead. The coves.
Sherlock’s voice continued speaking, but sounded muffled as though with cotton as John slipped away into a fitful slumber.
“Sherlock Holmes?” Victor gaped. He had somehow staggered to the front of the crowd, despite his shaking legs and pale, bloodied face.
“We cannot launch an assault in the middle of a busy port. Who knows how many allies they have in this city?” Sherlock said. “No, we will wait until they leave, until they are at sea.”
“Hush, no one asked you, dear,” Margaret says with so much finality that Mycroft sits back in his seat, chagrined. John glances at Margaret, who winks at him.
Their hands remain linked for the rest of the evening, until they are standing on the pavement outside, saying soft goodbyes and exchanging phone numbers.
He sighed as he started back for home, too fatigued by his efforts to continue. The last person he had talked to had seemed obsessed with his arm, his thigh, and at last, a place he essentially never let people touch. Sherlock had handled it well, all things considered. After all, he justified to himself, he could have thrown his drink in the man’s face
John grinned as an amended strategy blossomed in his mind. And so he summoned Ekene, examined the man’s maps and markings, then twisted the wheel.
He almost stopped walking as he fully parsed his own words. John would have to wait? Had he really just thought that?
That sight sent any residual smugness at Sherlock’s own cleverness scurrying for cover underneath a layer of sadness and shame.
They lie in silence for several minutes, letting their heart rates return to normal after their celebration. Eventually, Sherlock, ever restless, rolls over again and drags John on top of him for a bit more snogging.
Their clothes ended up only partially shed — John’s jumper tossed onto his chair and his jeans tugged open, Sherlock’s t-shirt ripped off and his pyjama bottoms simply pushed down. That was enough, though, and John panted into Sherlock’s mouth as they rocked together. They were both still on the floor, John was still in Sherlock’s lap, and Sherlock was still leaning back against his armchair.
“I’ve not broken my leg yet, dearest,” he said, as he pulled the cloth off his hands and tossed it aside. He moved to stand behind Sherlock so he could wrap his arms around his shoulders and across his chest. “Besides, it’s fun.”
“You okay?” John was well aware he was still very much in Sherlock’s lap, and that a rather insistent part of him was pressing against Sherlock’s lower belly. But he didn’t want to overwhelm Sherlock, either.
“How can I when you won’t let me see what’s wrong?” Sherlock snapped, surprising even himself with the venom in his voice. Something within him, though, had realized what was probably behind them, and his heart started to pound. He tugged his arm out of John’s grip and whirled.
John watched with apprehension. Winter’s opponent was a full head taller and at least two stone heavier; how was she going to survive, let alone win?
Then, something hard, the butt of a gun perhaps, collided with his head. Stars burst into being in his eyes. All sight and sound had retreated into a dull roar around him. He sank down onto the deck, dizzy, now coated with blood. The crew of the
That sent a ripple of disapproving mutters through the gathered crew, men and women alike whispering and scowling. John too felt a surge of anger. Sherlock, on the other hand, did not even blink in response to Sebastian's words.
As the crew cheered, John spun about. The Dutch ship had tipped, the prow high in the sky, silhouetted by lighting and the gray sky behind. It was doomed.
Irene inclined her head. She seemed to be enjoying herself now, with a captive audience hanging on her every word. “He told me, all stammering — which isn't like him — that I was boring him and if I did an extra couple of lab assignments, he'd drop the test score at the end of term. Then he told me to get out.”
His voice has trailed off to a whisper, his expression soft and defeated. “I don’t have friends, John. I’ve never needed friends, or relationships. For the longest time, I wasn’t interested, because all I saw was how cruel the world could be. And by the time I finally came around, by the time my loneliness made me think I needed to at least
And God, had it really been three years? John checked the date he had scrawled on the back of the sketch. Yes, that long. Over two years since getting the
“Morning… boyfriend,” he murmured, keeping his voice low and gentle so as not to jolt John into consciousness too quickly.
Thanks for reading this! Like I said in my note in chapter 1, I started this a year ago and then forgot about it. But, considering the current pandemic situation, I've been going through some of my old documents and seeing what in there is worth posting. So hopefully I'll get some old/new-to-readers stuff posted soon! I hope everyone is taking care of themselves. Stay safe, and stay strong.
John nodded and positioned himself next to the door, peering out at the corridor through the gaps in the drawn blinds.
The three of them sit back down, Sherlock for lack of anything better to do. He and John came here together, after all.
“And, actually…” Watson spun around in his chair, then stood. “I think I have an article here that would really help you. Might give you a new perspective too.”
John, ignoring him, blows a kiss at the screen, then watches Sherlock expectantly. Sherlock, thoroughly glad no one is around to witness this, copies him. The euphoric smile that appears on John’s face, though, makes his embarrassment worth it.
“John?” he asked, a hand coming to rest on his hip. Instants later, he pulled it back to replace it on John’s forehead. “You’re burning up.”
The crew, with John in tow, ended up in an inn, consuming probably the entire stock of food in the kitchen.
In response, the crew cheered, feet stamping and pounding to the beat of Sherlock’s bright music. It was joyous, rapid, passionate. John’s foot tapped, and he beamed over at his lover.
Sherlock nods, and John gives him a soft look — not quite a smile, but as warming and comforting as one.
“I don’t know, Detective Sherrinford, you tell me,” John grins. Sherlock lets out a soft, surprised laugh at the nickname and ducks his head, fingers fiddling with the corner of the gift bag. Then, he reaches up and pulls out the pieces of tissue paper John had hurriedly located that morning, after at last receiving the package in the mail.
“Please,” Mycroft rolls his eyes. “Don’t be tiresome. From what I can tell, you are not unintelligent. Surely I need not spell out such a warning. Rather, I have a small request.”
“You’re right,” he says. “I should focus on the new book. But…” he trails off, smirking in that way he knows will make Sherlock flustered, “for now, I’d rather focus on you.”
go after some of the most dangerous targets in the oceans: slave ships, the East India Company, and anyone who helped them.
“Thank you, Mrs. — sorry, thank you, Margaret. But honestly, I think I’m the lucky one. Your son is… He’s amazing.”
Several hours later, Sherlock couldn’t sleep. He had class at eight the next morning, but the absence of John and the looming idea of Sebastian were making it difficult to feel drowsy. He’d stayed awake so late the last few nights, only managing a few fitful hours of rest, that his body was exhausted. His mind, on the other hand, was wide awake and fearful.
, being always the more fanciful sibling.” Mycroft rolled his eyes, though for once, his countenance was not devoid of fondness. “His crew includes two English women named Irene Adler and Katherine Winter, a man called Ekene, and a disagreeable fellow called Wiggins, among others. He also employed a gentleman named Sebastian Moran for a time, though he has since been removed from the vessel.”
It seemed Sherlock was actively avoiding John, which almost perplexed him. He knew Sherlock could easily have cornered him somewhere on the ship at any time, and had seemed willing to do so the previous night. But perhaps the pirate captain kept his distance to give John space to calm himself. John was not sure.
Sherlock tried not to feel too pleased, though, as he and John stopped several times on their way and he slipped his contacts messages in various ways, and John looked increasingly impressed. But his boyfriend was angry with him, he repeated to himself. In the end, John was probably going to decide he hated Sherlock for this.
Sherlock sat up, fiddling with the sheets. He didn’t want to talk about this and have to look at John at the same time. But John followed him, wrapping his arms around his legs as he pulled them toward his chest. “Sherlock?”
John turned back to the pirate captain, fists clenched at his sides. Fury pounded white hot, through him. “You really are what you seemed to be when I met you.”
famous. But I’ll be at a bookstore in Marylebone tomorrow, and I had one in Greenwich last weekend. What with this being the last book in the series, my agent and my publisher insisted I do at least a few appearances. I haven’t actually done signings in a couple years, so they were pretty adamant.”
John looked up just in time to see Sherlock blushing, and he squeezed his hand. "Well, you are. Now where are we headed to, boyfriend?"
“Congratulations,” John muttered wryly. He strode forward, examining the cabin for damage. Other than the papers pinned on the walls and strewn across the floor, and the thick scent of powder, nothing seemed harmed. At least Sherlock had shot through the open window, and not into the hull. “I don’t think it’s working.”
John can’t remember the last time he felt so anxious. Perhaps upon seeing a letter in the mail from ACD Publishing about his manuscript for his first book,
, he thought. So when his opponent’s toes shifted, John leaped to the side and brought his sword forward.
John's voice has become James Sacker's voice. John's smile is now Sherrinford’s smile. John’s inflection echoes through each syllable of prose. And worse, Sherlock's own conversation with John has continually seeped into his mind, on near-constant replay even as he tried to lose himself in the book, which is, in truth, quite good. Yet even despite that, he has found himself drifting away from the story back to the book signing. Hence why it has taken thrice as long for him to finish reading.
’s cargo. It did not carry only more conventional goods, but massive stocks of opium as well. None of it, from what my father could tell, obtained through legal means. Because of the goods' dubious origins—according to one merchant in China—the Programme had murdered more than once to keep their secret.”
“Good,” John murmured. “If we can’t see them, they can’t see us. You said the plan was to hang back until the opportune moment, yes?”
“I just…” John comes to a halt a few feet from him. He takes a deep breath. “Do you want to… erm… I mean, I was wondering if… If you maybe wanted… to go for a coffee with me? After my signing finishes, I mean? I’ve got a bit of time still, but… If you’re free after…”
And both launch into a tirade about how John Watson’s novels are the best books ever written. John, all too familiar with overly-effusive fans—who often only do so in an effort to get special treatment from the author—glances at Sherlock, intending to give him a conspiratorial smile and wink.
“Thank you, Captain,” he said as they finished, straightened up, and faced one another. “Fancy a spar later?”
But before Sherlock could speak, a man burst out of the storage closet, a knife in his hand. The killer, obviously having hidden himself in the closet during the confusion after the victim collapsed. Waiting for a chance to escape, remaining trapped by the horrified TfL employees and commuters, panicking when hearing the investigation... Sherlock heard Lestrade’s yell, but he was already moving. He threw himself forward, attempting to stop the man. Everything became a flurry of limbs, but then Sherlock reeled back. Pain was lancing up his side, fire was burning him from the inside out, he was bleeding, he was…
John lets out a quiet sound, some marvelously unusual combination of a whimper, a gasp, and a laugh, and his eyes glisten. He slides his hand from the side of Sherlock’s face to the back of his neck, pulling him down so their foreheads touch. Something Sherlock might dare to call delight dances across his countenance. They both close their eyes, sit there, and breathe.
was the one with the plan, who finally felt he could actually do something more than stand to the side.
“It's been three years, plenty of time to learn not to tolerate ridiculousness,” John replied shortly. “Now, no talking until you've eaten more.”
Molly cursed under her breath and dropped to her knees, first grabbing the article and neatening the corners. As she slipped it into her bag, she heard the voices of her two professors continue. She looked up.
Seeing Sherlock like this was a rare thing, John knew. So often this man had all his walls up, even with John. He could not recall the last time he had seen Sherlock sleep so openly and so deeply. Sleeping at a reasonable hour was one of the many things, in fact, that John could not remember Sherlock doing for some time. Sleeping, smiling, laughing, teasing John—all these were distant memories now.
“Someone who’s difficult to explain to their friends?” Holmes sounded rather derisive. “Someone who is shackled to an arrogant bastard whose only merit is his intelligence, which cannot begin to make up for his flaws?”
Trust John to give even a criminal a chance to end the battle peacefully. But then, John adjusted his grip on his sword slightly—just as Sherlock had taught him so long ago on the decks of the
Carrying their steaming drinks with caution, John navigated back from the kitchen to their blanket kingdom and paused to gaze down at his boyfriend.
“Why even keep up the letters for so long?” Sherlock asked. He still was stiff, pressed back against the side of the ship. Mentally, he berated himself. He should have realized something was wrong, that Victor had explained away his having to fake his death too easily. Sherlock should have scented something off. He
They don’t get a chance to talk further, however, because just then the ceremony starts. John zones out a bit during the speeches, in favor of scanning the rows of students for Sherlock. He finds him halfway through the first speech, looking bored but still dashing.
Sherlock watched him, knowing perfectly well there was a ridiculously fond expression on his face. “How long did Sebastian get?”
“Damn. I need to head to the hospital. Dr. Willner,” he paused and looked up, then elaborated for Lestrade’s benefit. “She’s the doctor I’m shadowing. Anyway, she really says they could use the manpower. Guess there was a bad car accident not far from Bart’s. Will you be okay here, or should I tell her I can make it? It’d only be for a few hours. Unless you need me to stay?”
He had been down here working for over an hour now, after hiding in the bilge until certain that the
John exhaled quickly, smiling. “He broke into your home, Sherlock. He came with the express purpose to hurt you. You said so when you talked to Lestrade.”
John nodded. “Thank you, Irene. And thank Wiggins for me, would you? What happened isn’t his fault, I hope he knows that.”
When Sherlock moved to stand again, perhaps to climb into bed properly, John’s confusion and concern doubled. For Sherlock gave a soft gasp and collapsed.
“They did not need to come to our aid,” John replied. “So. While we are aboard this vessel, we will keep a civil manner. Not a single incident is to occur against them. Not a look, or a word, or an action. This is their ship, and therefore they will receive our cooperation.”
The man giggled, a maniacal, unnerving laugh. The flames were rising higher now, and John sensed rather than saw the pirates and sailors alike abandoning ship.
“Well, wait until you read the texts,” John snapped. Sherlock felt a twinge of surprise; John usually spoke with the utmost respect to Lestrade. This tone, hard and uncompromising, was something new.
“No, I don’t,” John insists. He feels his voice rising but cannot stop it. “I have had to fight tooth and nail for every bit of information about you. You never volunteer to share even the smallest things, like what you want to do after uni, or what your childhood was like—”
Now John has to preen, just a bit. “Nineteen, actually. But I have to tell you, one book a year is exhausting sometimes.”
“No!” Sherlock cried, nearly upending the tray. John jumped, startled, as Sherlock set it aside and scrambled out of bed to stand in front of John.
She beamed wickedly. “Indeed, Captain Watson. A party. Specifically, a dance. It’s been ages since we had one, and besides, everyone’s restless lately. There’s only so long pirates can go without something to distract them.”
John grinned. Maybe the rest of this shift wouldn’t be so bad… After all, he did have a laid-up, devastatingly gorgeous consulting detective to flirt with.
“And this is—” Sherlock continues, the words catching a little in his throat. But he fixes his eyes on John, and without warning a perhaps-insane sense of confidence wells up within him. “This is John Watson,” he tells Mrs. Hudson. “My boyfriend.”
Sherlock swallows but doesn’t correct him. Moriarty still has not moved his hand off his arm. “Yes, well, I’m sorry to cut this conversation short, but I’m afraid I have somewhere to be…”
“Listen to me. We are the guests of these sailors,” he said as he endeavoured to keep his voice calm and steady, despite the multiple emotions roiling within his stomach. “We are to treat them with respect. After all, they saved our lives.”
, not surrounded by pirates, not trapped with the people he had heard such horrific tales of for years.
“You made me flustered,” Sherlock admitted. “I wasn’t used to being flirted with, if that’s what that was.”
“Oh,” John let out a slightly uncomfortable laugh. “No, whoa, that ended ages ago! I thought I told you. I totally caved a fortnight ago, had a tea at the hospital on my break.”
.” Sherlock puts out the cigarette against the fire escape and tosses the butt toward the ground below.
The water was cold, and a shock to his system. He oriented himself, hand still clutching the line, and gasped a breath. The man floated a short distance away, so John set off. His technique was unrefined, but it got the job done. He reached the man quickly, and moved close to examine him.
Sherlock’s grip on his hand tightened, though he did not shift his gaze from the port. “What is your history with Sholto?” he asked.
“I know. But I felt backed into a corner. I loved my dad.” John sighs. It’s been ages since he last talked about this to anyone. “But the night before I was set to leave for basic training, I backed out. I was terrified, but I hadn’t been able to admit it to myself until that night. I remember standing there, staring at my packed bags, and thinking how much I was dreading leaving.
John nods. “Yeah, they don’t mind if you bring books you already own to signings as long as you buy at least one from them.”
“I mean yes, I want the characters to be relatable and interesting, and the plots to be enjoyable, of course I do,” John says, when Sherlock asks him about this. “But, I mean, I’ve never tried to be
Sherlock turned that radiant smile on him, and John felt himself puff up a bit. “I believe,” Sherlock said. “They have dual goals. On one hand, they are seeking to become dominant in the ocean. With war with France likely to come soon, England will not soon have the resources or time to compete with them. And the EIC will be too occupied with making deals with both sides to worry about the NOTP. Therefore, now is the time to make their move.
, resting on his forearms. His sleeves were turned up past his elbows—it was that shirt of darkest Tyrian purple, judging from the shading. That was the shirt he had loved so much on Sherlock (almost as much as he loved taking it off the man). Sherlock’s face was turned slightly towards John, a small smile tugging at his shapely lips.
The cafeteria was bustling, but not overly so at this time of day. The noise levels were sufficient, though, to cover their conversation from other ears.
Sherlock smirked his customary smirk. “Your grip, firstly,” he said, then approached. “It’s atrocious. Miracle you’ve survived this long.”
“Just…” John hesitated. He wasn’t sure how to phrase this. “You say you want me on your ship. But you’ve not given me anything to do.”
And Sherlock stayed there with John all around him, as his breath softened and slowed toward a sleeping rate as it brushed against his skin.
Sherlock didn't reply for long moments, seemingly lost in thought. At last, he spoke, tone low and contemplative.
Sebastian glances at him, then shrugs. He seems to know he’s done the damage he wanted to, and now has ammunition for the time they have class together. “No need to be rude,” he says with a roll of his eyes. Without another word, he strolls out the door.
“No, not just for this…” James gestured to the orange peels. “I mean for giving me a place here. I know many of the admirals balked at your choice.”
“Yes!” John declares in a loud voice. “In ambic…” He frowns, concentrating. “Iambic, I mean. Pen… tatamameter. Yeah. It’s a sonnet. You should write a sonnet.”
“Of course I do!” John grins. “It’s extraordinary, how you took little details and came to a conclusion like that. It’s very Sherrinford, if I’m being honest.”
“Okay, okay, Hermione,” he chuckled. “Go show the draft to Watson tomorrow in his office. Maybe his reassurances will count more than mine.”
