Nothing could touch Sam now, not a thing, and it was apparent to all. Two of the guards that remained, though brave and strong, had seen enough of the massacre. They ran down the hall, stumbling over themselves to get away.
Apparently it is the right thing, because Cas closes his eyes and literally leans/nuzzles into his touch and good lord, when did he become so temptingly kissable?
Dean's bedroom was on the third floor. It was locked with a powerful spell when they arrived, but Rowena managed to undo it after a few minutes hard work.
Then at last Queen Amara turned to Dean and Castiel in particular. They were standing hand in hand, and of course everyone knew that whatever their fate, it would be together.
Kevin nodded. "Of course, sir," he said, hating himself. It had been a cruel twist of fate that had landed him as servant to The Count, and he despised every minute of it. He longed for the day when he could make an escape, but he dared not while The Count lived. He had little chance of overpowering him.
Sam shook his head. "If we wait for his full strength to return, we may miss the wedding and the distractions that may provide for us. We have to get to the castle and be ready to strike."
Pain and disbelief enveloped Sam. He fell back against the wall for support. He clutched at his wound, and his own red blood coated his hand.
Then the Count lead his men out of the chapel, all of them grabbing hold of their weapons as they went.
Sam shook his head. He pulled his sword out and held it out for The Man to admire. "My mother made this sword at the request of a nobleman with yellow eyes. It took her over a year to complete it. It was her finest work."
Count Azazel was rather annoyed. "Well, so much for that," he said, starting to remove the restraints from the fomer angel's body.
"Shut up or I'll make you," responded Crowley, pressing the blade harder against Dean's throat, though not enough to break skin.
"You will not hurt Dean Winchester," said Cas, in a gravelly, booming voice that resonated for all to hear. "You will not hurt anyone again."
According to Chuck's manuscript, Queen Amara's chamber was consistently guarded by two angels at all times. If he followed this hallway around two corners, he would run right into them. If he waited, they would no doubt find him during their hourly patrols.
You smile slightly at that. It is nice to know that there is a family here that has held itself together, regardless of how many broken pieces make up the puzzle.
Dean was trying his damndest to make it work with Prince Chuck, despite the fact that all thought of the wedding made his stomach churn.
"I don't want to be like a brother to you," Cas repeats. And then he rests his forehead against yours and
Sam clutched his wound slightly. It seemed to be bleeding less, and he still felt strong enough for this.
But Cas just smiled and didn’t seem to find any harm in the question. “I’m not particularly devout, myself,” he said. “I do find religion and faith to be an interesting area of study. My classes tend to focus on how religion affects culture, and visa versa.”
Castiel smiled gratefully and stepped inside Dean’s apartment. He looked around with some curiosity, though what he could make out in the lowlight was hard to say. “What smells amazing?” he asked, taking a deep inhale.
Because you're not gay, and yet you felt a surge of disappointment when he pulled his face away from yours. Specifically his lips away from yours. And you're not gay, but he looks good in that stupid trench coat, and he smells good, and maybe you want to feel close to him too. Just for a moment.
Dean looked down at his hands on the tabletop. He wasn’t shy at all about his bisexuality, but it was always a little weird announcing it to new people when he wasn’t sure how they would react. Especially a dude that he’d met today and had somewhat inadvertently invited to a candlelit dinner. Still, for some inexplicable reason, Cas felt like someone he could trust.
"Are you still trying to win? Have you spent your whole life hunting for me, only to fail now? That's the saddest thing I've ever heard." Azazel's lips curled into a mocking smile.
Cas scowled. "Unless I can tap them to death, it's not much use. We need something impressive, something that will scare most of them away without a fight. Do we have any other assets on us?"
Cas, however, seemed unperturbed by his own story. "Cain captured us all. Separated us. I don't know what became of them – they may still be in Hell. But he was particularly interested in me," Cas said. "You see, I was a human among angels. The two have never mixed particularly well, and he thought it strange that a military operation would include both."
"There were some trees near the gate," said Sam. "It'll be a better place to stow the horses until we can come back to them with Castiel and Dean."
Sam nodded his agreement and Benny just sighed. For once he did not envy them their humanity, and instead pitied the way they could be ruled, even foolishly so, by their fierce hearts.
Dean looked at Benny and found that he believed him. He wondered if, in a different life, he and Benny could have been friends.
Dean wakes in the early morning to the sound of a familiar voice saying his name. It is only because of its warm familiarity that he does not bolt up in a panicked rage, gun out and ready. Still, it's early enough to grouse. "Cas, this better be good, dammit," he mumbles, eyes still stubbornly closed.
"It's wine, not tea," said The Man humorlessly. He picked up the mysterious vial of powder and took out the stopper. "And this is our battle of wits." He handed it to Crowley, who took it carefully. "Inhale, but do not touch."
"Hurry up and do it," growled Sam. He closed his eyes and braced himself for both the pain and the eventual sweet relief.
Sam removed the sword and let Azazel's body slide to the ground. A wave of emotions washed over him, the primary one being relief. It was over and he had done right by his mother, even if he could never bring her back.
A sliding peephole opened and a woman's eyes were clearly visible. They were sharp, intelligent, and sparkling. Sam's first thought was that this was not someone to be messed with.
"The castle courtyard was filled to burst with Heaven's citizens, all waiting to catch a glimpse of the newly wed royal couple.
They managed to make it to the gleaming portal with only one more altercation – an easily dispatched lone vampire.
The woman stood up from her spot on the mattress and approached him. Dean noticed that despite how tired she looked, she still had a demeanor of unmistakable grace. "Not Queen anymore so much as prisoner, but yes. I am Amara. Who are you?"
"Stop saying that!" yelled Azazel, unable to keep the panic from his voice. And for good reason - he was losing ground and the giant showed no signs of slowing, despite the gut wound. Then Azazel's back was to the wall.
Sam was on fire. Of course, he hadn't exactly liked the plan, but he did have a certain trust that Castiel could get them through anything. That was the main reason to bring him back in the first place, after all.
Jack looked at him. He could read on his own, or course, and wondered if he was too old to have his dad read to him like he was some little kid. But what would his dad do if he read it by himself? He came to visit Jack, not just stare at him.
Azazel's eyes flickered briefly with demonic light and energy, but then it was all extinguished to nothing. The shock was still on his face when he died.
"This wasn't how I wanted this to go!" railed Chuck. "This was supposed to be epic! A war with devastating casualties and destruction, a reflection of the futility of mortal and semi-mortal beings – demons, angels, man. Now it's just me, a god, getting rid of three losers. That's not new! What's interesting about that story?"
Dean looked away. They were on the ridge of a grassy hill now. The sun was starting to set on the horizon. In another circumstance, Dean may have found it quite beautiful. "No," he said softly. "He was a fallen angel. Poor, but strong and kind. With eyes like the sea before a storm."
"Sure," said Sam quickly, "But also, can you tell me what do with him?" It wasn't so much that Castiel was heavy to someone like Sam, but he really wanted to get on with what they had come here for.
Paranoia was starting to take hold. The Queen was locked up, but she was not entirely a secret. Several angels knew the truth, though not all. Which could he trust? And he had outside enemies, of course. Demons, mostly. But none would dare...
He noticed none of it, and merely continued his routine and waited for news of the rumored war and specifically of Castiel.
Benny grimaced but held back a sour retort for Sam's sake. The witch seemed just a little too pleased with herself for shutting him up, but if she could help them, he'd deal with it.
The giant released him, though he kept his hand close to the sword at his side. Kevin turned around and opened the dungeon door, which was still glitching in and out of phase. "I have to warn you though," said Kevin. "Castiel – The Man in Black – is dead."
He reached, near blind, feeling out for one of Cas's hand. He found it after a moment, and the angel interlocked their fingers together and gave Dean's hand a faint squeeze.
"I can't free you," said Benny quietly in Dean's ear. "I got a debt to pay Crowley. But I want to tell ya, my kind can help it if we try. Crowley doesn't know, but I've been strictly on animal blood for three years now."
She wasn't wrong. Sam and Benny were ready to go within a half hour, and then Sam returned to the workroom for a most undignified fetching process.
Cas allowed himself to look up at Dean. Their eyes met, and it was all Dean could do not to pull Cas into an embrace and never let go.
Dean's voice, muffled through the metal. "I'll find a way, Cas. I swear I'll find a way and come back for you."
Rowena beamed and Charlie blushed. They looked at each other, then back at the Queen. "We would like that very much," said Charlie.
A metallic glint caught Dean's eye as he turned to what remained of the Leviathan bodies. A belt buckle. In an instant, Dean was stripping off his own belt and then that of the dead Leviathan. A quick inspection of the other corpses and he was able to scavenge three more belts and knot them together in a makeshift rope. He tied one end to the tree and one end to his own ankle. It would not be the easiest to maneuver, nor the safest, but he was banking on this arrangement giving him the longest reach. Even so, there would be little slack to spare.
The Man blinked, not entirely sure where this was going. "Um, I'm sorry, but if this is a flirtation, I consider myself spoken for."
The two angels shared another look. They both knew of Chuck's plan to kill Dean, but they also knew that the prince wanted things done his way, in his own time. However, if Dean had found this secret passage, it was quite likely that the so-called jig was up.
Kevin hated himself, but dammit, he wanted to live. He was not born a fighter. He was not born brave. "Two men came and took the body away. They threatened to kill me. I'm sorry."
Chuck fought away panic. The smoke felt hot, just shy of burning. It was fine though, he could still get out as long as he -
A thousand things seemed to happen at once: Dean made eye contact with the Prince and reached for a weapon only to remember in horror that he had none on his person. At the same time, Benny released the reins of the horses and his mouth grew sharp with fangs. Sam unsheathed his sword.
There was a knock on Jack’s door, even though it was partially open. Kelly and Jack looked over and saw his father peeking through the gap. “May I come in?” he asked.
Dean reached the end of his 'rope' alarmingly fast. He was still a full floor and half up and dangling.
She dribbled some potion into his open mouth, then set the ladle aside. She placed a hand on his bare chest. "Stand back, boys," she said, so they did.
Crowley, in his infinite wisdom, decided that he couldn't risk Dean learning the way to the secret gates of Hell in the last leg of their journey, so he blindfolded him. If the hunter managed to escape, perhaps his disorientation would last long enough for him to be recaptured. Not that he intended to let him escape.
While the two traded threats, The Man reached into the bag that was slung upon his back. He pulled out a vial of powder, a bottle of wine, and two small goblets. He set about pouring the wine into the glasses.
I feel like I cheated to get 'mawidge' lines in there, but aw well. I mean, it's Gabriel, so why not?
Michael eyed Cas with an appraising expression. "Castiel. I haven't seen you since your fall from grace. How's the humanity treating you?"
Cas braced himself against the handrail and began his descent. Each step was careful. He was afraid he would not be able to correct himself or catch himself if he started to fall.
Castiel had spent nearly an hour attempting to convince Kevin to free him, but the young man had shut down completely. In fact, he abandoned him to go to some other part of the dungeon, where he could no longer listen to Cas's appeals.
The witch approached Castiel's body. She laid an ear against his chest. She lifted his eyelids and peered into the lifeless blue orbs. Then she looked from Benny to Sam. "So, what's so important that you need to bring him back for, anyway?" she asked.
He prays that the Winchesters got to live fully and die of old age, but he knows the chances aren't high.
The Man in Black found another opening, a parry, a flick of the wrist, and he managed to nick Sam's other arm. The giant groaned, but before he could do anything more than that, The Man was at him again. Sam was getting tired and slower and he felt his hope leave him. And all at once his sword was knocked out of his grip, and then The Man in Black had his own pointed directly over Sam's heart.
He collapses onto Dean, who swings them onto their sides. Though he’d probably never admit it to anyone else, Dean literally
But Chuck seemed to think Dean knew the answer, and it was quite possibly the only thing keeping him alive.
Benny jumped in before Kevin could answer. "I hate to say it, Sam, but that spell-work seems kind of shoddy to me. Not sure the person who cast it should be playing with life and death."
Dean did his best to shake sand off of his own shirt sleeve. He pressed the somewhat cleaner fabric against Cas's lips, the corners of his eyes, and under his nose. He managed to wipe away some of the grit from those most problematic areas.
Sam was now throwing himself against the barred door through which Azazel had escaped. He glanced at Benny, but he could not stop. "Benny, I have to do this. Go back, find Cas, get somewhere safe. Azazel is
"Never mind that now," Amara said. "We are short on time; the Prince could return here at any moment. If you wish to help, help me now. Get me out of here."
Crowley grinned. "Oh, this is too simple by far! All I have to do is divine from what I know of you - are you the sort of man who would put the poison into his own goblet or that of his enemies?"
They braced themselves with a simultaneous deep breath. Dean slipped his hand into Cas's, and together, they stepped through the rift and into Purgatory.
Zachariah rolled his eyes. "It's just between us, Uriel. While I don't intend to tell the prince to his face, even you must agree that this is pointless? No one ever comes down here –"
Cas adds a second finger, and goes a little harder, a little faster. He watches as he reduces Dean to a grunting, sweaty mess. It is incredibly arousing to watch, even more so knowing that Cas himself is the cause, that he is the first and only man that Dean has ever allowed to do this.
The horses all scattered and ran, except Baby who pawed the ground nervously, looking wild and scared.
Cas was halfway down the second set of stairs when his fear came true. He overstepped by a few inches and his foot failed to find the next stair. Gravity took over and his grip slipped off the rail, arm flying out instead to brace for impact –
Cas looked away from Dean. "Afraid so. He spent maybe a month or so torturing me and healing me just to torture again. There wasn't much I could tell him, though. I hadn't been privy to some bigger plan, and eventually I think he just wanted to break my spirit. It didn't work. Any time he started in with the torture – well, I thought of you. And it saved me."
Dean had the Demon Blade in his pocket, but he knew this would not end well. They were outnumbered, and with Chuck, very substantially out-powered as well.
Finally a name for the monster. And to think he was close with the prince, free to do as he pleased with impunity.
The wind was whipping outside Dean Winchester’s kitchen window, making large raindrops spatter against the glass. Lightning cracked somewhere in the distance, and Dean was not overwhelmingly surprised when the power in his apartment went out – the neighborhood was prone to outages in poor weather. Dean was disappointed, though. He had hoped to eat his dinner while watching a movie, maybe Tombstone or some other western to suit his mood.
The three made it through the corridors slowly, leaving unconscious bodies and possibly worse in their wake. Sam was starting to breathe heavily. None of their combatants had even close to his level of swordsmanship, but taking one after another and sometimes several together was certainly taxing his endurance.
Their first time hadn’t been perfect. Cas was fairly inexperienced and slightly clumsy, and though it was a little endearing to Dean, it also made it somewhat logistically awkward. And of course it didn’t help that Dean was dealing with his own second thoughts, going back and forth between being incredibly happy and turned on to totally freaked out that he was not only with a guy, but that it was Cas.
"Decent! I was decent to the Royal family for my whole life. I worshipped the ground the Queen stood upon, and look where that got me! Fired by her swine of a brother!"
You end up driving away just for something to do, something to focus on. You speed too much, but it's late and there's no one else on the road. You try so very hard not to think about driving these same roads with the boys, sitting backseat while the two laughed and bickered about where to stop for lunch.
, thought Sam remorsefully. And so he stomped his foot, and at this signal, Benny jumped out from behind him, fangs bared and menacing. The guards had not seen him coming and all their attention was suddenly diverted to the vampire. With that distraction, Sam gave up the fiery charade. He pulled off the now smoldering cloak and pulled out his sword.
"My illness," spat the Queen. "He was poisoning me slowly over time, until I was weak enough to trap. He sent you away so you wouldn't figure it out."
Cas really saved your neck while you were out on this latest case. During drinks after, after Sam had found a girl who was giving him the eye, and it was just the two of you, you tipsily told Cas how much he means to you (again). He's family, like a brother, you said.
Once he was fairly sure they weren't currently being stalked, Dean decided it was safe enough to speak. "Hey, Cas? I was kind of wondering, how are you alive? Not that I'm not thrilled, but I thought Cain got you?"
Cas loses track of time, and sense, and sanity. The Mark still hungers for blood. He pounds his fist against the metal until his knuckles are raw. They would heal themselves, if he ever went long enough to let them.
Cas took a swig from the waterskin. He choked slightly before managing to swallow some of it down. After that, he said, "Well, that was unpleasant."
You wonder vaguely where the other Charlie might have ended up. You're little more than a stranger to that girl from another world, but you can't help but think of the one you knew. She had always had an incredibly kind soul and you know she probably would have taken pity on you. Put you up and talked to you, about Dean and about your fading powers and the grief you feel pressing in on all sides. But this other Charlie did not sign up for that, wouldn't understand, and you'll be damned before you try to burden that sweet woman who had the good sense to stay away from you all.
Two bodies emerged from around the corner on the even floor below , two sets of arms grabbed onto him before he could tumble any further. He saw a flash of red hair and then he was being set straight up and supported on each side. His whole body now was starting to feel numb, but he managed to turn his head to look at one of his rescuers.
The black smoke around Amara was now spreading in dense tendrils, which were reaching out for Chuck.
He braces himself for better leverage and thrusts himself deeper inside Dean. It’s everything he thought it would be, warm and tight and wonderful. And he thrusts again, and again, sometimes quick and sometimes slow and now Dean’s spewing a fairly incoherent stream of expletives.
Rowena, Charlie, and Kevin had been talking with Amara, but now the three joined them. Tearful goodbyes were shared. Thanks were given. Dean gave Sam a hug, slightly surprising the giant. "Thanks for everything. You died for me, and you brought Cas back. Means the world to me, Sammy."
Dean placed a hand on the door as if to reach through to Cas. He had no idea that on the other side, Cas was doing the same.
But it was not to be, and he was grateful that at least his burgers and homemade fries were already done and plated. Dean pulled out a lighter from one of his kitchen drawers and lit some of the candles he had around his place. He put one on the table, another on the counter, then went to his hall closet and pulled out a couple flashlights. He was just about ready to sit down to eat when there was a knock on his door.
He hit rocks and brambles as he rolled, his stomach churned, and then after what seemed like ages, the land evened out. He slowed to a stop at the bottom. He was scratched and bruised and aching. He didn't care. He didn't care because Cas was next to him, equally bruised but miraculously alive.
So they mounted Baby, with Dean at the reins and Cas settled behind him. They gave the group parting waves, then rode off on the long road, towards the horizon.
Dean smiled. The weight of the blade was reassuring, and there was a certain relief in being armed again with Cas at his side. The two of them had always been a good team. Still, he wasn't going to let his guard down. His eyes darted around the trees as they walked.
The guards were so busy prattling on about some horror they had witnessed that the trio managed to slip by quite unchallenged.
Dean looked Prince Chuck over. He was not much, but Dean supposed he could do worse. His heart was not in it, of course. John whispered to his son. "It is up to you, Dean, but it may be...unwise...to refuse him. Godly creatures are not above petty revenge."
Chuck placed a hand on Dean's shoulder. "It's alright, Dean. In just a few days, we will be married and we can put all this unpleasantness behind us."
Zachariah glared at the petulant nickname, and neither angel lowered their blade. "Nothing much, Dean-o," Zachariah spat. "We're right where we're supposed to be. You, on the other hand…"
The rope splintered and broke, falling several hundred feet to the ground below. Crowley let out a triumphant "Ha," but his excitement was short-lived.
Kevin unlocked the cabinet and opened the door. Inside, there were vials upon vials of angel grace. The grace itself shimmered blue, looking somewhere between liquid and gas, intangible and bright. The specimens were from many a fallen or deceased angel, collected over time by The Prince and The Count. Each was labeled with a name.
"Inconceivable. No one from Heaven could have gotten here so fast, and no one in Hell knows what we've done. But...why do you ask?"
Benny looked down at Dean's blade in his hand. "We fight," he said. "Not as monsters or masters, though. As men. I won't use either of these," he said, pointing from his fangs to the blade, "if you don't use that," he gestured to The Man's sword.
Cas and Dean walked through the barren woods together. Dean reluctantly let go of Castiel's hand - it was better if they were to be ready to fight whatever may come their way.
After hearing Castiel's version of events, the angel Michael was rewarded with highest honors from the Queen. He was also the first whom she entrusted to guard Chuck's cell, and he performed this duty faithfully for her throughout his immortal life.
Dean inhaled sharply. "Cas?" Now was the time, or near enough. He tried to say 'I love you,' but what came out instead was, "Kiss me."
He used to be able to keep track of time, however relative it seemed. He knew millennia, and felt the years and even noticed when the humans did the arbitrary changing of their clocks. Now minutes could be days and hours could be months.
Cas was calling out directions from his place at Benny's side. "A few more turns and we'll be at the chapel room," he said.
A shadow passed over Sam. He readied his sword arm for another fight. And then the familiar voice swept over him, like a low sweet song.
Maybe you should pull a Dean. Find the nearest bar and drink them out of stock, drink until even your angel tolerance is blackout numb.
"Castiel," Dean said coldly. "Did I say you could have a break? Baby's coat is looking downright mangy, and the back fence needs painting, and..."
He shoved his shoulder hard against the door, and a moment later he heard Dean's voice calling out, demanding to know who was there. Cas's spirit lifted knowing Dean was so close by. The two exchanged short greetings, and the hunter then quickly explained the situation to Cas. They would have to meet on the grounds and make a run for it, he said.
Dean chuckles with relief. "Cas, that's just a cold, man. Did you never have one the first time you were human?"
Rowena began to chant in a language even Sam didn't recognize, although it did seem to utilize a few Enochian words.
Charlie ignored her. "Come on," she said, waving them back up the stairs. "I'll make you boys some tea."
There was movement to his left, and he raised the Borax can automatically, but it was only Cas. He was a little pale. "You're bleeding," Dean said, eyeing Cas's injured chest and shoulder.
Dean felt as if he had swallowed a hot stone. "No. Heaven's Great Council was supposed to return his angel powers and wings to him before his mission."
In spite of yourself, the rage is full and present in your voice, even obvious enough for someone like Cas to notice. "I get it, Cas. You think we can't be family because you're an angel, and that automatically makes you stronger and better. How does Crowley put it? We're just your…pets."
The Prince kept glancing at Dean. His groom was glassy-eyed and stiff, but Gabriel couldn't blame him. Getting married to Prince Chuck could hardly be an affair one undertook while sober.
of the terrible crap he pulled. You know he can't forgive himself still, but really, who can? It's probably punishment enough. You're just happy (unbelievably happy) he's alive.
"No, do-" started Uriel, but he could not finish the statement before Dean slapped the angel banishing mark with a bloody hand.
The witch saw the corner of parchment sticking out beneath the pillow and immediately went for it. Charlie and Kevin watched as her eyes slid down the page, reading quickly.
And then he was being pulled out the door on Chuck's arm, his traitorous feet moving forward to the castle chapel in which they were to be wed.
"Yes, Sam told me. I'm sorry for your loss. I know she meant the world to you guys, and sounds like that boy - Jack - did too."
Prince Chuck appeared to be having the same thoughts. He stood nonchalantly across from Cas, an eyebrow raised in apparent amusement.
Dean looked down and was shocked to see Sam the Giant and Benny the vampire below him. He very nearly thought it might be better if he just climbed back up the way he had come.
"But Cas - that's only if you survive! A war with demons - it ends bloody. And if you refuse to serve?"
Up close, Dean could see the grizzled and gruff look of the man. He had a beard and strange hat that none the less suited him. He raised a gnarled finger in Dean's direction and booed at him again.
Dean looked to where Cas was pointing up the hill. He could see four or five people up there, and one did indeed look like Prince Chuck. He had to agree with Cas - Chuck didn't love Dean, but he would not tolerate being humiliated by losing him to another. A fallen angel no less.
Dean thought back. It seemed so long ago, though it had only been a week. "Wait a minute! I didn't!" he said excitedly. "The minister said we were wed, but I never agreed to it!"
His father grinned, stepped into the room, and revealed a wrapped package from behind his back. “I did indeed, Jack.”
Sam's assent was surprisingly swift, and soon enough they had made good progress up the cliffs. Below them, they could see the ship that had tailed them. There was a lone figure on the deck. He was dressed all in black, complete with a black mask that obscured his face. Once he neared the shore, the man anchored his ship and, without hesitation, dove into the bay. He swam the short distance to the rocks and quickly grabbed ahold of the very rope that Sam was hoisting them up.
Cas and Dean noticed none of this, because directly in front of them stood Prince Chuck, The Count, and the rest of the Royal Guard.
Cas nods and hits play. Dean once again settles back against the pillow and turns his eyes to the movie. For awhile it's pretty quiet together as they watch the classic tale of high adventure and true love.
"Today is not your day to die, friend. But since I can't have you follow me, either…just know that I hold you in the highest regard."
When Benny had shoved Cas away to save him from the onslaught of the guards, Cas had managed to stay on his feet and duck out of sight for awhile. As the minutes grew, he found some strength in his limbs returning - not enough to be helpful in a fight, but enough to search for Dean. Soon, he had gotten away from the fray altogether and found a staircase. It was as likely a way as any to go, and though it was daunting at first, using the railing as support proved to be quite helpful.
"Castiel is alive. I sorted him out, and now they're all off to storm the castle. What could you possibly need to give them, if you don't mind me asking?"
"As you wish," the grandfather says to close out the movie. The credits play and Dean smiles over at Cas, only to realize that the former angel is definitely asleep. Not exactly in a cute way, either, given that his mouth is hanging wide open. Dean assumes it's probably because his nose is still stuffed as hell.
It echoes. And then Dean reaches for him, his palm settling on the nape of Cas's neck, pulling him close, lips bridging the gap. A tingling down Cas's spine. Joy. "Time to come home, Cas," Dean says. A whisper, a plea. A prayer.
Michael closed his eyes, a look of anguish on his face. It seemed like immense effort when he finally reopened them. "I can't help you, Castiel. But I won't stop you, either." Then the angel pulled the key off from around his neck. He tossed it to Castiel, who caught it.
"Yes, it's me. It's so good to hear your voice, Dean. I've come to get you, but I can't get through this damn door."
Dean nodded. When Cas put it that way, Dean could kind of see the appeal. “I never thought that much about it, but I get what you’re saying. Religion is a huge influence all over the world…kinda cool to dissect what that means.”
Dean was stunned. He had no intention of giving Chuck any information, but this was the one question he couldn't answer if he wanted to. The Queen had escaped apparently, but where was she now? Was it possible she had fled on her own, and now they were left in this mess?
Benny and Sam slowly approached the angel from either side, knowing that this was a significantly more dangerous foe. For once, Sam may have given up his mother's sword for an Angel blade, if he'd had the choice.
"I'll get you there," promised Rowena. Then the witch removed her hooded cloak and offered it to the Queen. "But in the meantime, wear this. It may help to keep anyone from recognizing you."
"It's Sam," the Giant interrupted. "Crowley just calls me that because – actually, I don't know why he calls me that."
Dean resists the fight or flight instinct that has become so natural to him. He resists the urge to joke it off. The moment is too heavy, it means too much, and they both know it. "I stayed," Dean agrees, a whisper between them. Dean reaches out tentatively to place a hand to Cas's cheek. He prays that it's the right move; everything feels fragile, tenuous, and for once in his life, Dean just wants to hold onto
Prince Chuck looked at his Royal Guard, and spoke directly to Count Azazel. "Take care of the disturbance, understand?"
Cas takes that as permission to progress. He moves his finger in a slow rhythm, and soon enough Dean is getting into it, pushing back against his hand. Cas has not forgotten about Dean’s significant erection, and begins to stroke it with his left hand while his right continues to tease and explore.
Then he hurried back across the room. He gave the sheets a tug to test them, and when they held firm, he began his precarious climb out the window.
Things were looking down, at least from Castiel's perspective, and quite literally. He had just finished talking with Dean and was now standing on the edge of the third floor stairs.
Dean looked around. The one called Crowley was staring out at the sea and paying him no mind. Benny was cleaning his teeth, which protruded very sharply from his mouth. So a demon, a vampire, a giant and a human board a boat. It sounded like the start of a bad joke.
Cas pulled at the restraints to no avail, and before he knew it, the door to the dungeon was opening and briefly swathing him in light from outside.
A figure emerged from the castle, and suddenly the Prince knew all was lost. The red-headed woman approached. Her eyes were focused and on her lips was an ancient chant.
"Don't worry about it, Cas. I carry people all the time," said Sam. "In fact, I even carried Dean on my back. He didn't mind."
"He's already dead," added Benny helpfully. Her eyes flitted to the vampire and then back to Sam, lingering over his long legs, his broad chest, and his muscular arms.
Dean caves. He lifts his weight up slightly and shoves the blankets out from under him, just to pull them back over his body. He brings them up to his waist and settles back in. Cas is still on his side of the bed, a solid half a foot of space between them, yet Dean can still feel the warmth of him radiating from that side of the mattress.
Sam nodded and lead the way down the stairs to his left, Benny and Rowena following behind him. The new room was laden with cabinets and bookshelves, most of which were stocked with aged spellbooks. The décor down here looked a lot more practical than the fancy upstairs furniture.
You must look a mess because she can't stop surveying your face, looking for an answer as to why an angel is on her doorstep. "Yes, of course."
Sam grinned. He made sure the rope was secure on his end, and then threw the other side down. The Man in Black grabbed it and began to climb. When he neared the top, Sam reached out and pulled him steady onto solid ground.
Jack grinned. Despite the fact that his parents had never gotten married, Jack had a great father who loved him very much. “Awesome!” he exclaimed. “Last time, he said he’d bring his glove and we could play catch!” Jack made to get out of bed, but Kelly pushed him back with a gentle hand to his chest.
Now, Benny wasn't inclined to agree. It sounded much more like the sound of someone's body being broken to bits, or pulled apart, or set aflame, maybe. But he also trusted Sam's instincts.
"He spoke of loyalty, undying loyalty!" Cain raged back. "Tell me, how long after the news of his death did you run off to your Prince? Did you grieve your love before popping the champagne in celebration of your newfound wealth and fame?"
Castiel looks at him and for a second there's a black film over his eyes and he cannot recognize Sam. He thinks he may be a monster too. Maybe they all are. Maybe they all deserve to end.
Cas suddenly felt a pull towards that energy, as if his own internal being was striving to reunite with the vial's contents. But it couldn't be
"Oh hell," said Chuck, and he was shocked enough to release his grip on Dean's neck. He turned to face the angel instead.
Cas laughed slightly and ran his fingers through Dean's hair. "Why in the world should that matter now? What's legally binding and what's real are very different things. What made you think of it?"
So when Count Azazel turned on the machine, Cas simply took his mind away to Dean. He thought of the endless green of his eyes. He thought of his hands, scarred but steady and the warmth of him and -
"This may surprise you, Castiel, but I am no puppet," said Michael quietly. "Things are not as they once were, even I can see it. There are rumors that Prince Chuck…that he cares not for the Kingdom at all. That he's done…something…to the Queen." The whisperings had bothered Michael for some time, but he dared not speak them to his fellow angels, whose allegiances he could not be sure of. Castiel, however, had once been like a brother to him. And Castiel fell because he was always one to question orders and motives. In the secret part of his heart, it was something Michael admired intensely. So he shared his doubts now and waited for Castiel to either confirm or deny them.
Dean closed his eyes and swallowed back his pain. They had been happy so briefly. Dean felt the touch of Castiel's palm once again on the skin of his cheek. He leaned into the warmth. "I promise to return to you, Dean. And then we will be free."
The snap of the lid closing. He's heard the sound a million times this century. It's all Cas ever hears.
Chuck nodded. "I'll tell you what, Dean. Write four copies of a letter to Castiel, and I will send it out on my four fastest ships in order to reach him. If he chooses, he can return for you and I will not hold it against either of you. You can be together."
"But that's not possible. I know you're old, but Cain has been terrorizing Hell for longer than you've existed. And…you're not a demon."
Dean feels a lightning bolt of fear course through him. Did Cas not want to? Has he just monumentally screwed up their friendship?
And then Cas is sliding down beneath the sheet, his warm mouth going to work, and Dean’s mind goes pleasantly blank except to think,
Prince Chuck snapped his fingers, and Dean was suddenly transported back to his bedroom. Chuck's power over him was broken, though Dean wasn't sure if it was intentional or not. Unfortunately it did not matter; the door was once again locked and immovable.
They smiled almost shyly, and then the pull of gravity was simply too strong to resist. As they reached for each other –"
Nearly a dozen of the more cowardly guards simply turned tail and ran with not even an attempt at upholding their duties. A few more waved their swords feebly only to retreat as they felt the heat of the giant's blaze come closer. A core few held fast together, defiance in their eyes. A loyal bunch, ready to die.
Dean doesn't have anything to say to that. He's spent an entire lifetime trying to shut most feelings off. It very rarely works, of course. And it's never worked at all in regard to Castiel.
The moment held, but all too soon Castiel rose to his feet. He helped Dean up as well. "We have to keep moving. Your Prince has just found us, and I can't imagine he'll take too kindly to me."
"Listen, Cas," he said. "The door ain't gonna happen. But the window in here will get me outside. Can you meet me on the grounds? Then maybe we can get out of here before Chuck comes around."
Count Azazel lifted his own sword just in time to block Sam's sudden attack. And then the two were at it, blades connecting in a cacophony of metallic clinks.
That night, the two men began to make plans for their future together. Dean wanted to travel far and wide, and then settle down in their own little corner of Heaven. Dean worried his father might give them trouble, however, and Castiel worried that his meager wages could not sustain a comfortable life for the two of them.
Benny dropped down to the ground, cat-like and nimble. "I could have taken you by surprise," he said.
"That sound. I made that sound when the yellow-eyed man killed my mother. It's pain, Benny. It's suffering. Prince Chuck plans to marry The Man in Black's true love tomorrow. Who else has such cause for pain? It's the sound of a broken heart."
Dean, though caught slightly unawares, had quick hunter reflexes that certainly served him here. He lunged almost automatically with his Demon blade and managed to shove it right into the gut of the nearest Leviathan. The humanoid creature didn't die, but it did fall hard and that gave Dean time to address the second monster.
Dean tried to run down the hill after him, but soon enough, his own momentum overwhelmed him and he was stumbling and tumbling down, down, down after Castiel.
"I will, and I choose – what in Lucifer's name is that?" Crowley suddenly exclaimed, pointing over The Man in Black's shoulder. The Man looked around, and while his back was turned, Crowley switched the positions of the goblets.
Right, he’d already forgotten. The blowjob was a warm-up act only. Cas leans down and kisses him, his hand making sure to stroke Dean as he does so, keeping him stiff and on edge.
Charlie grinned. "Back at ya," she said. Then she went up and prepped a bedroom for him and Sam to share.
You follow her into the kitchen. She hands you a beer without asking if you want one, and you take it graciously. You ask her about the girls and she brightens like any mom might when talking about her kids. "It's all work and school and boys." she says cheerfully. "Well, not Claire, of course. She hunts herself ragged, but she's happiest that way, so what can I do?"
"Again, thank you." The Man took the opportunity to lean against a nearby rock for support. He reached into the bag upon his back and pulled out a waterskin, then took a long drink from it.
He rifled through the bag of supplies and quickly found a metallic can with a nozzle. Dean gave it a quick sniff to confirm and was not disappointed. Dean assessed the situation – Cas was going toe to toe with the gut-wound Leviathan and the others were writhing and limping towards Dean.
Sam set Castiel down, propping him upright against the wall so he could get a better look. "There must be fifty or sixty men, by the look of it."
With that, the kidnappers forced Dean to exit the boat and step onto the rocky shore. They began to latch onto Sam's back with a system of harnesses. They even forced Dean into one of the contraptions as well. It was awkward and uncomfortable, and even more so when the giant began to climb the cliff by holding onto a dangling rope. Dean could only assume it had been pre-set by these crooks before they had kidnapped him.
He started a new routine. In the morning, he worked the farm. He had never had much love for the work, hence why his father brought on Castiel, but now he used it to train. He hauled bales of hay where needed. He painted the back fence, switching hands on occasion to strengthen his weaker arm and grip. He cut firewood, raked leaves, did anything and everything to keep in shape.
The Man grunted as he pushed Benny's unconscious body off of him. He retrieved his sword and the Demon blade from off the ground, then hurried through the path that had been cleared before him. He was set on his goal and knew that he was close now. He could not be stopped.
The Man looked at it. It was a thing of beauty - precisely crafted, with a stunning handle and shining blade. "I've never seen its equal," said The Man honestly.
"Um." Sam avoided the question by opening the shack's front door and maneuvering Cas into the wheelbarrow they had left outside. He laid the former angel down gently into it, but the scowl on his face said exactly how Cas felt about the situation.
"It's not that puny lock! My powers are bound. I have no magic or strength. It does not matter if I can leave this room if Chuck can throw me right back in. I'm no match, and neither are you."
Cas kneeled down beside Charlie. He placed two fingers on Sam's forehead, and summoned the healing powers of his grace.
"Aye," said Benny. The vampire reached down and attempted to heave Sam to his feet. It would have been impossible had Sam not become compliant, but Benny's presence had relaxed him. He stood up on shaky legs.
Dean swallowed hard, nearly overcome. He was grateful when Cas responded for both of them. "Thank you, Your Highness. Thank you, everyone," Cas said, once again looking to the faces of his friends.
"They lied. All the better for me, of course. Angels aren't nearly as fragile. Pain works far better on a man."
Before Cas could respond, a loud clap of thunder broke outside. They both glanced towards the window, where the rain was still coming down in large drops. Cas turned back to Dean. “Yeah, for work. I’ve taken a position as a Religious Studies professor at USC.”
Charlie and Benny made their way up the stairs, and just as Sam turned to follow, Rowena approached him with a seductive smile.
thought Dean. The hunter pulled them to the edge of the sand pit. He wrestled them both out and back onto the solid ground of Purgatory. Dean quickly freed himself from his makeshift rope and went to attend Cas. The former angel was covered in sand from head to toe, some densely packed in his dark hair. Dean felt for a pulse on his neck and was relieved to find a faint beat.
Pain flooded Cas's body, tore through every inch of his being. It took only a moment before he was blind from the agony, vision going white and empty. His ear drums felt as though they would soon burst. Despite the leather gag in his mouth, he managed to scream, a deep keening noise. Like a wild animal, a sound of death, loud and visceral. The sound carried through the dungeon, through the surrounding forest, even through the courtyard of the castle. It sent shivers down the spines of those that heard it. Mothers urged their children indoors at the sound. Small animals ran for cover. Leaves themselves seemed to tremble on the trees.
Sam swore under his breath. The truth of it quickly became clear as they descended the steps to the table with Castiel's body. Sam checked his pulse, he checked for breath, for any sign of life. There was nothing.
Sam thought that was a pretty good idea, especially when he tried to take a step and nearly toppled over, only to be steadied by his best and only friend.
You stop a few times for gas but that is all. The sun comes up as you drive and you ease up on the pedal. However much you might welcome a crash, there is traffic now and hurting another human (again) is something you cannot abide.
It wouldn't have worried Chuck - an angel's strength would be incredibly short-lived when facing a god, but...
All he had to do was imagine Dean with perfect clarity. From his eyes to his freckles to his smile. To the soft skin of his cheek, the slope of jaw, the tattoo on his chest. His lips, soft and supple.
Her hair fluttered in the wind, and she looked formidable and otherworldly against the dark horizon.
Then she gestured for Cas to step aside and took his place kneeling over Sam. She cupped one hand to his cheek and placed the other on his stomach wound. Before their eyes, the bloody mess on Sam's shirt disappeared and color started returning to his pale face. Suddenly he took a deep, gasping breath, and his eyes fluttered open. Amara stepped back to give him space.
Cas meets his eyes, squints a little. "Thank you, Dean. I'm not used to being cared for – it's refreshing."
Sam and Benny nodded their goodbyes, and Sam once more said, "We will repay you, Kevin. When I have finished my business, I will return here and you can count on me for whatever you need."
"We don't have time for this!" He turned to Sam. "We will go on ahead. We need to get him to Hell ASAP," he said, nodding at Dean who was discreetly trying to untie his own hands. "Finish that man off. If he falls, great, if not, the sword."
That seemed to spark interest in the witch. "Really? What if I'm terrible at magic? What if I killed whoever you wanted me to remedy?"
When Prince Chuck came to get him, Dean had all intentions of fighting him. This, however, was anticipated by Chuck and he immediately snapped his fingers as he entered.
And with the barest of chances that they would both come out of this alive, Dean dove into the sand.
Cas patted the hunter's back comfortingly. The man who saved his life, the man he loved. "As you wish," he said.
Dean fought the wave of despair. Cas had been 'dead' once before, and Dean had lost faith then. Cas had said he would always return to him, and Dean had to believe it this time around. He just had to.
Dean stubborn, resolute. Shoves him against a wall. Cas thinks there may have been tears slipping down his face. "Please don't make me," he says. "I need you," he says. Three words that have always stood in for those other three words Dean still can't say. Cas wonders if it would matter. Knows it doesn't.
Dean nodded, as if it was a sensible thing to do. "Thank you for helping me, by the way. I'll make sure the Prince pays you handsomely."
I had originally intended to separate this chapter in two, but the length didn't justify it to me. So that means we have come to the final chapter. This was a fun story to write! Thank you to everyone for reading, kudos, and/or commenting – it certainly kept me motivated throughout the process.
"Well, Cain ordered his crew off his ship, and since no one could argue with him, it went unquestioned. He instructed me to wear all black, and after that, we took on an entirely new crew. Timothy stayed on as my first mate for a time, calling me Cain all the while. Soon everyone knew me as Cain, and Timothy chose to retire. I'm told that the real Cain has been retired 200 hundred years and living like a king in an alternate universe."
When he looked back at Cas, Dean simply couldn't help it. A flood of relief encompassed him, and he pulled the former angel into a tight embrace. "Cas, I take back what I said about it not being so bad. It is pure - pure crap. Let's get out of here, alright?"
Benny could not help but feel that this was a misguided plan. Castiel had his desperation to save Dean, and Sam of course could not be slowed down now that they were this close to the yellow-eyed man. But the fact remained that they had no reason to believe they could survive an encounter with a god like Prince Chuck.
And still, the familiarity of the name Castiel was really starting to bother him. Where had he heard it before?
Prince Chuck nodded in agreement. "If Dean is at all harmed, there will be Hell to pay. No pun intended."
Cas squinted at him with interest. He watched as Dean made his way through the apartment, then laughed when he caught on to what the other man was doing.
Cas's eyes are certainly more dull than normal, but an unusual playfulness suddenly sparks in them anyway. "Then this may be a bad time to tell you that I accidentally sneezed on your computer."
"Now, a clever man would put the poison into his own goblet, knowing only a great fool would reach for what he is given. I am not a great fool, so I clearly cannot choose the wine in front of you." Crowley hesitated for a moment, watching The Man for any sign that his words were correct. There was not a flicker of any emotion to be found. "But," he continued, "you would know that I am not a great fool, so clearly I cannot choose the wine in front of me."
Cas said nothing. It was one thing to plead with Kevin, but he knew there was no mercy to be had from this demon. There was nothing to be said, and he would have to endure whatever torture was coming until he either escaped or died.
"They were both poisoned," The Man replied. "I've spent several years building an immunity to the Lance of Michael poison."
Rowena looked Kevin over. His face was bruised, but his eyes were determined. She could tell that he intended to get the grace to Castiel or die trying.
Prince Chuck was too fast or powerful or both. The second Dean was in reach, his hand shot out to grab Dean by the throat.
A giant fist swung towards his face and made contact. It was a powerful punch that damn near spun his head around. He stumbled back, vision blurred, and he heard hooves galloping away. Baby had been frightened into running.
"You need not bow to me, any of you. Your part in freeing me, in defeating Chuck, has put me forever in your debt."
"Fine," said Crowley, and he went back to clearing a path for them while Benny retied Dean's hands. He had once again been just shy of getting the rope off.
"Heard wrong, my dear. Didn't you know that Remedy Rowena is out of business? The Queen's brother fired me."
Benny quickly fanged out, and Sam was all ready with his sword, and then the host of guards were upon them. These were not the green watchmen of the main gate, but instead a great many of the skilled Royal Guard.
But Kevin was given the driver and carriage he was promised. Castiel and Dean took only Baby for their departure, though the Queen had also found Castiel's ship in the Royal Harbor. It had been secretly docked there by Chuck since Cas's capture.
The Prince turned back to Dean. The hunter was still under Chuck's power, in body if not in mind. There was a deep hatred in his glassy green eyes. Usually Chuck would be cheered to see Dean put up a fighting spirit (it was better story inspiration), but right now he didn't have time. Whatever was happening here was not something he had expected. Castiel was dead, Dean was malleable, so who else did he need to worry about?
A giant hand came down and grabbed Dean by the scruff of his collar. It pulled him bodily up and back into the boat of his captors. The giant's sleeves were wet from the sea. "Not a good way to go, man."
"Which goblet holds the poison? The game ends when you decide, we each drink, and we find out who is right…and who is dead."
"Well, alright then, Cas," you say, and turn away from the angel so he can't see the pain and anger in your face.
"Immediate!" glowered Rowena. "You rush a miracle, you get rotten miracles! I just brought a man back for you for free no less, you ungrateful –"
There's a rushing sense of joy in your very bones, a contentment you haven't known in a long time. You'd be more than happy to let this last forever, but Cas pulls away from you once again, although more reluctantly this time. "Dean. Are you sure?" he asks.
He was the strongest, most beautiful, and most confident he had ever been. Heads turned as he passed in the market square, adoring eyes followed him, and word of his legend spread far and wide.
Then Cas smirked, and there was no mistaking the flirtation in it. “Male model?” he guessed. His voice was low and deep, and Dean felt warmth spread through him.
solid. It was undoubtedly a pocket of Lightning Sand – it was the stuff of Purgatory legend: hard to spot and with no substantial form, it was truly a suffocating sink pit. In the time it took for Dean to register what he was seeing, Cas was devoured by the chasm and completely out of sight.
"S'ppose so," muttered Cas, right before his legs - which he'd been struggling to keep from wobbling all this time - gave out beneath him.
Then the three exited the room together, Rowena going one way and Charlie and Kevin going another to search for Castiel.
Then he pulled one of the drawers from his dresser. It was a finely crafted and stately piece of furniture, so of course Dean didn't give a damn about it. He dumped the clothes from the drawer quickly, then surveyed his target. He lifted the drawer into his arms, and with a great effort, he heaved it with all his might against the window.
And so Dean was able to pass them without incident when he entered the castle grounds. A couple of the men even nodded their heads respectfully as he passed. He was the royal betrothed, after all.
Cas chuckled, and Dean couldn’t help but feel he was even cuter when he laughed. Cute enough to kiss.
"Dean." Cas managed to speak through his pain, and Dean forced himself to stay conscious and look towards the angel. His angel.
It was then that he heard a sound to stop his heart. It was a heavy thumping against his bedroom door.
you think. "The boys are fine," you answer. "No one is currently in danger. I just wanted - can I come in?"
Sam beamed at the nickname. It sounded nice, coming from Dean. "Technically, I died because I'm a stubborn, vengeful bastard...but, you're welcome, Dean."
Chuck scoffed. "You call us family, but offer me nothing but threats. I stood in your shadow for too long, Sis. I'm not going back."
Dean was lightning fast in pulling out his Demon blade, and he easily could have fended off the two scoundrels, had it not been for the third he never saw coming.
On a hunch, Kevin walked over to one of the cabinets that was pressed up against the back wall. Unlike the others that held various torture devices, this cabinet was special. It held the angel grace that they sometimes used to heal captives for prolonged sessions.
Rowena's voice got raspy and deep, a shudder ran through her body, and her eyes rolled up into the back of her head. Sam was worried for a moment, but he glanced at Charlie, who didn't seem the least bit concerned. How often did they do this sort of thing?
Sam and Benny hurried forward and propped him back up between them. Sam threw Benny a dirty look. "You had to say it, didn't you?"
All the color drained from his face, a fact Sam couldn't help but notice. "You remembered, didn't you?" he asked. "Thought you were safe enough, but this is no ordinary sword, is it?"
The castle's main gate had been smashed to smithereens. Light was spilling out onto the dark grounds and someone was silhouetted against it.
against a wall, and now it's Cas that put you there. Feels like a memory, or a dream you never let yourself remember. His face is just inches from yours and you want to tell him to step back, step down, step away but you don't.
The grip was tight and getting tighter. Dean gasped and his fingers scratched uselessly at the back of Chuck's hands.
"Ah, so that's why we didn't see anyone," said Benny, gazing out over the castle grounds. The courtyard was flooded with guards, far more than any of them had expected.
“Oh, right. I think I saw you bringing things in the other day. Dean Winchester,” he replied, putting forward his hand, which Castiel shook. “What can I do for you, man?”
"He died well though. Even after the torture, there was no begging, no blubbery. He just said - 'Please. Please, I have to live.' It was the please that stood out to me. I asked him what was so important that he had to live for. True love is what he said. And then he spoke of a man of great looks, a skilled hunter, who was loyal to a fault, and the best man he ever knew. I can only assume he meant you. It was kinder for me to kill him before he found out what you really are."
Castiel's hand came up and Dean nearly flinched, but the former angel merely cupped his palm lightly to Dean's cheek. "There's a shortage of perfect faces in the world, Dean. It would be a pity to damage yours."
"Very well, thanks. It's a funny thing what you may realize when you cease to be one of the Prince's puppets. Judging by that string around your neck, though, I'm not sure you can relate."
"Funny way of saving someone," snarled the man. "You let him go! Better to have stabbed him with an Angel Blade through the heart, you ass." Then he laughed cruelly at Dean.
Dean feels his heart sink for a reason he doesn't quite understand. Of course Cas misses being an angel, why wouldn't he?
Dean had awakened hours after he was thrown in his bedroom. He had an awful headache, but that was the least of his problems, considering he was locked in. All attempts at picking the lock came to naught, and he realized that there was more to it - perhaps some of Chuck's power that was keeping him there.
“So…you’re into all that God stuff, huh?” he asked, and regretted it the instant he said it. Cas was going to think he was uneducated, or judgmental, or
Just after noon, the two stopped for a lovely picnic. They spread out a blanket under a fine old oak tree and ate a good serving of the delicious food that Queen Amara had sent with them.
Dean reaches over and gently pulls the laptop off of Cas's lap, trying not to wake him. He closes it with a quiet snap and sets it down under his side of the bed.
"Twelve hours?" asked Sam with some dismay. "I was hoping this would be immediate. We need to make a plan of attack."
Chuck's heart was hammering in his chest. He had to make sure the Queen was secure, that his castle was safe, that his plans and precious stories could proceed as intended. He looked at Dean, who was swaying slightly.
Benny was the first to make a move, reaching out in an attempt to grab him into a stranglehold, but The Man skirted his grasp with a quick side-step. Before Benny could regain his bearings all the way, The Man went for a kick to Benny's knee, which the vampire was just able to dodge as well.
, he thought, for it was the former angel that had taught him that illegal trick many years ago. Just in case.
Rowena turned a glare on him. "Ugh, you vampires think you know everything. Like you alone know the dead and undead? Why come to a witch then if you've got it all figured out?"
Dean Winchester was the most handsome human and most proficient hunter in the Kingdom of Heaven. Despite this, he was not vain. He had a humble life on his father's farm and was much admired by both the village women and men alike.
He steps closer and you try to step back but you're against a wall now, and isn't this familiar? Your back is
The black smoke dissipated though the air still felt thick. Rowena and Queen Amara approached Benny, Dean, and Castiel.
"Cas is on his way down," said Dean suddenly. "He was at my door but couldn't get through. He said he'd meet me on the grounds."
Sam advanced, his pain forgotten now, his body fueled by adrenaline and his mind by rage. "Hello! My name is Samuel, son of Mary! You killed my mother! Prepare to die!"
Dean bit his lip, the question he was afraid to ask burning on his tongue. "You said – you said he tortured you, Cas?"
"Ah, yeah. Chuck said you'd be surprised I was here. But where's the other guy? He said there would be three angels…"
"If you return to the boat, I promise no harm will come to you," said Crowley. "I doubt you'll get such an offer from the Sirens."
There's a shuffle of movement, blankets shifting and the sound of a plastic bag being set on the floor. A slight creak of the laptop hinge and then Cas is aglow in the eerie light of the screen.
The man yelled out to the crowd. "This man had love come back to him, and he let him go again! Pushed him away, left him to die -"
Then Amara turned to the other four men, who were standing somewhat awkwardly together. "And here we have a vampire, a giant, an angel, and a hunter. All of great valor. What are
"Hey," said Dean suddenly. "I just remembered. I'm, um, legally married to Chuck now. Do you think having him imprisoned means instant annulment?"
And then Rowena finished in a loud, carrying voice. She gave Amara a nod, and the Queen snapped her fingers. Chuck disappeared right before all their eyes.
The stranger was even quicker at navigating the rope than Sam. Crowley growled at the giant when he realized this. "Inconceivable! You were supposed to be this magnificent colossus, this great strong warrior, and yet he gains on us!"
Azazel began applying the suction cups to various parts of Cas's body, including his temples, his chest, and one on each wrist.
Prince Chuck and Dean stepped out onto the balcony overlooking the courtyard, still dressed in their fancy wedding attire.
Benny had no choice but to do as he said; he'd only be a liability to Sam in this state, and he couldn't do that to him. The vampire turned away, and once he was some feet down the hall, he heard the tell-tale sound of the door finally giving in to Sam's weight.
Then she stepped back and looked at all of them again. "Arrangements will be made for all of you. Those of you traveling should be able to set off tomorrow. Tonight, though, you are all invited to a feast in your honor. I hope to see you there."
"Hello!" said Sam, louder now. "My name is Samuel, son of Mary! You killed my mother. Prepare to die!"
Dean edges closer to the bed so he can better see Cas's face. He feels a weight in his chest and a pull he can't explain. "Do you miss it?" he asks before he can stop himself. "Being an angel?"
She pressed lightly on his chest. Miraculously, the sound that escaped his mouth sounded like the words, "true love."
He dreams of the bunker, always the bunker. Movie night. Jack, alive and smiling. Sam's long legs reclined on his chair, stretched and comfortable and calm, a hand in Eileen's hair.
Instead, he walked a little faster to keep pace with the former angel. The quicker they got out of here, away from danger and away from Chuck, the better.
Once upon a time, the fallen angel had been as dutiful as any of his kind. But the love he had for humanity had cost him, and now his stupid, precious, profound love for Dean Winchester was going to cost him again. This was Chuck's game, and he no longer felt like playing with a wild card in the deck.
When they arrived at the shimmering ripple, they shared a reassuring look. Castiel took Dean's hand, and they stepped through together.
Whenever she opens her door to you, there's a look of concern on her face, and you understand why. "Castiel. Is everything okay? Sam and Dean -?"
And then suddenly Cas gave you a look and, damn him, disappeared into thin air as he always does. You were annoyed and if you're being totally honest, a little hurt. You hoped he might feel the same, that he might admit that you're his family, too. And now he's back after four days of radio silence, and he's standing too close, and you're a little tempted to give him a solid punch to the gut for ditching you.
There were footsteps on the stairs and they all turned to look. A second red-headed woman had appeared, but that was where the similarities seemed to end. Where Rowena was intimidating, this new person had an easy smile lighting up their face.
Cas positions himself just right and then he pushes himself inside, kissing Dean all the while. Dean groans a little. It does hurt a bit, but that’s overshadowed by the aching need that Cas has stirred up. Dean never knew what it would be like, to feel this full and hard and complete.
Sam nodded. "When it was completed, the yellow-eyed man returned and demanded the sword, but at one-tenth his promised price. My mother refused. Without any word or warning, he put his sword through her heart."
move an inch. He couldn't even turn his head to see whether the footsteps approaching were friend or foe.
The rope was pulling painfully on his ankle. His lungs were starting to strain. He was just about to lose hope but then, miraculously warm fingers gripped onto his wrist. He would have laughed with joy if he could have. Instead, he reached his other arm forward and wrapped it around what he assumed was Cas's waist. He contorted himself to grab hold of the rope while still gripping Cas tight. With a great heave, Dean managed to pull them upward.
"He seemed to struggle with himself about me, though. Every night, before I retired to my cabin, he'd say, 'Goodnight, Castiel, good work today, I must try to kill you in the morning. For years, he said that. Until one night he came to my cabin and told me his secret."
"Yes," he said solemnly. "I am not left-handed, either." And with that, he too tossed his sword swiftly from one hand to the other and approached the giant again.
If only she had some ally, even just one, she was sure she could break the binding spell and set things right.
Dean swallows slightly. He knows Cas meant it factually, and not as dirty talk since there’s no way the angel could pull off anything of the sort, but it has the same effect in any case. Dean’s imagination runs away with him, and he stiffens even more at the thought. He turns on his side to kiss Cas, who pulls him closer. And Dean starts to wonder exactly what it would feel like, to let Cas be on top for once. To give him control and let him do whatever he’d like, to let him in. Dean’s stomach is in tight knots just thinking about it, but not all of it is nerves. Some of it is excitement.
Predictably, Dean couldn't finish his sentence as the first of several Leviathan leaped out from behind a tree and attacked him.
Dean snorts slightly. “Yes, Cas. Do you even have to ask, considering you practically had me begging for it by the end there? And what about for you? Have fun?”
Dean Winchester, however, had never been particularly adept at words. Or feelings. Or love. He spent several days in his room, avoiding Castiel altogether. How could he say those three words?
Uriel and Zachariah shared a quick look of shock before pulling out their Angel blades and striding towards the source of the noise. They rounded one corner, and then the second, and that's where they found Dean Winchester. He had his back to the wall and was clutching a bloody wound on his arm.
Rowena was not a witch for nothing, however. She cast her spells with precision and intensity. One guard she dropped with legs so numb as to make them useless. Another she hexed with a temporary memory loss, and he promptly tossed down his weapon and walked away from them in a daze.
Rowena gave him and Benny a satisfied smile. "It is done," she said. "However, his body needs rest. In about twelve hours, he will awaken, but will have next to no mobility. Within a few hours after that, he should be able to walk on his own."
Dean sighed deeply. He was starting to lose heart. He wanted to be out there, fighting, running, anything to combat Chuck. And worse, the wedding had been carried out, and he felt disgust that he was now married to a monster. Of course, Prince Chuck intended to kill him, so at least he wouldn't have to suffer the marriage long.
Sam smashed his sword down against Azazel's weapon, and the power of the swing made the Count lose his grip. His sword clattered uselessly to the floor, and then the point of Sam's blade was directly over his heart.
"I know," replied Dean. "I read his stories. They're trash, but that's how I found you. I want to help you and ask for your help finishing Chuck in return."
Kevin and Charlie glanced at each other. It was a little alarming to suddenly lose the protection of Rowena's company and magic.
The grace in his pocket was warming him through the fabric of his clothes, and he could think of little else. He wondered if Sam and Benny had made it to Rowena's, and if she had been able to do anything for the dead man. If so, surely Castiel would be aiming for vengeance towards Prince Chuck. Perhaps Azazel too, since the Count had tortured him.
The two hurried forward. Soon the grassy land gave way to dense trees, and shimmering in front of them - a thin golden line split the air, like a crack in the universe. Which it basically was.
Cas fell to his knees, clutching his stomach in sudden debilitating pain. He groaned aloud in anguish.
Dean spoke to Moose so low that Crowley couldn't hear as the giant tied him back up. "Look, Moose –"
Because it feels nicer than you thought it would to bridge the gap and finally just kiss him, even though you'd swear to Heaven and Hell that you never thought about it before this.
There was familiarity in the shape of his face, the color and rage in his eyes. It was then the recognition hit. The boy had been big for his age even then, but who would have known the giant he would become?
"Well, I can't promise you he'll come around, Cas. He's hurting bad, and God bless the kid, but he's not good at dealing with his emotions in a healthy way. I think you of all people probably know that."
Kevin went to grab the wheelbarrow from outside the secret entrance to the dungeon. The building was camouflaged behind a glamour of trees of the forest, but the spell had been fading as a of late. Soon enough they would need another witch to recast the glamour, but Prince Chuck didn't seem to be in any hurry to find one. Anyone who strayed this far rarely lived to tell the tale, anyway.
"Not really," said Dean shortly, and the Prince grimaced slightly. He was used to being worshiped, not brushed off. Still, he pressed on as though he hadn't heard the hunter.
, and it's strange timing because you really thought that you were finally on good terms again. You've been through Purgatory together, and eventually both came out if not perfectly intact, at least sane. You've been friendly enough, you've even openly forgiven him for
The two pulled apart and blinked into the new brightness. Beeps from a number of appliances sounded throughout the apartment, and the microwave clock was flashing at them from the other counter.
Sam had the grace to look somewhat ashamed of himself. "Sorry about that, but the plan has changed. I need you to help me find the yellow-eyed man. You help me with that, and I can help you with your prince problem."
"The only neck you ought to worry about is your own," said Crowley harshly. "Considering you're all tied up at the moment and en route to Hell."
"Uh, Crowley?" said Benny. Both he and Sam were peering over the edge of the cliff. "He didn't fall."
Oofta, that was a hard chapter. Lots of exposition and fighting - hopefully not too clunky and still enjoyable. Reviews always appreciated!
It was true. The moment he felt the rope go slack, The Man in Black had made a desperate but skilled leap. His hands scrambled for a grip. Fingers dug into the cliff face and found a hold. His toes perched on the narrowest of ledges. He took a deep breath, clearly to steady himself.
Benny rifled through Cas's bag. "Borax…hey, is this a holocaust cloak?" he asked, pulling the fabric from the bag.
so close, when Cas slides his lips off of him without much warning. The loss of the sensation is almost painful, and Dean nearly growls in frustration. “Hey, Cas, what gives?”
Dean jumped back into the fray, going for the one that had caused the injury. He grabbed ahold of him and swiped his own blade across its throat. It crumpled to the ground. Dean turned to continue assisting, but then there was a quick flash of steel. It was one grotesque thump after another as two heads quite literally rolled, and two detached bodies fell at their feet.
Castiel thought for a moment. "Alright, I have a plan. But we'll have to go back down and get the wheelbarrow."
Dean looked at Crowley's body on the ground beside him. "So it was your wine that was poisoned the whole time," he said.
thought Kevin, but he didn't say it. He almost wanted to join them, but he was sure their mission would be dangerous, and he didn't know if he was quite ready for that. But maybe someday. With no more delay than that, the two left the dungeon, carrying the body of Castiel with them.
The Count turned the dial down. The whirring of the machine stopped, though the pain did not. It lingered within his skin, spiking strangely in his veins before fading to a duller ache all over his body.
And yet that hadn’t stopped him, hadn’t stopped either of them, from sharing that first kiss, soon moving it to the bed and shedding clothes like they were on fire. And it hadn’t stopped them from doing it again anytime over the last month, and Dean could honestly say that they were getting into a pretty good rhythm. He liked having Cas underneath him, liked the feeling of him, liked the look in his eyes and the small restrained grunts he could wring out of him.
They were almost there when Crowley heard the footsteps behind them. He turned and saw The Man in Black heading towards them. "Inconceivable!" he said.
With just a brief tilt of his head and respectful nod at the fallen, The Man in Black turned away and hurried onward.
You're not gay, but Cas is standing awfully close to you (again) and your stomach is in weird knots and he smells kind of – good? If you've told him once, then you've told him a thousand times, not to stand so damn close. You have definitely been clear that humans need personal space, but you're pretty sure he's stopped listening to you. Which is weird, right, because you haven't seen him stand this close to Sammy in a long time.
What with one thing and another, three years passed. Prince Chuck arranged the details for a grand wedding, though Dean spent very little time with the man that was to be his groom. He was less likely to get on his nerves that way, although occasionally Dean still found his behavior grating. Especially when he forced Dean to read the stories he wrote, and Dean didn't have the energy to tell him that they sucked.
Queen Amara looked at Dean and Castiel, fondness written across her face. "Please remember that you will always be welcome at the castle and may call upon me if you ever have need. May your freedom, love, and happiness be eternal."
Cas tilted his head slightly, and Dean couldn’t help but notice that he also licked his lips before he spoke. “I’m not sure that means what you think it does. People might get the wrong idea.”
Dean quickly rolled up all the parchment and notes he could find and stuffed them into his inner coat pocket. He would take them and read every line, learn all of Chuck's dirty secrets, and then perhaps he would have an answer on how to save himself and Cas.
Benny and Sam stared at the spot he disappeared from, and then up at Castiel. "That was great timing to get your legs back, Castiel," said Benny. "We're gonna need you."
"Oh for the love of – yes, Cas, yes, alright?" And you kiss him hard then, just to make it clear, and he kisses you back and where did he learn this? You wonder if he's been watching porn again, which is a train of thought you're not sure you're ready to follow.
"Not here to sell," replied Sam. "We need a witch, and we heard that the Remedy woman that lives here is the best."
There's a trembling around him. An earthquake. Not the first he's felt, but certainly the strongest. It moves him, tilts him, jostles him. He's upright, or upside down, or sideways now. Impossible to tell. There's a mechanical screeching. Voices, maybe. He knows it's all in his head.
Dean smiled appreciatively at the compliment. “Nope,” he said. He stood up and began to clear their plates, somewhat awkwardly brushing against Cas’s arm as he did so. “Try again.”
Cas sighed. "As a supposedly renounced demon and a fallen angel, we are beyond human subterfuge, don't you agree?" asked Cas. "Lies do not become us."
Now that he was here, another memory struck Azazel. This sword against him now was one he had commissioned, long ago. At that time many of his enemies were fellow demons, and he had specifically asked for one that would be useful against even them. One that could kill them.
"My throat is on fire. My nose won't stop dripping with mucus and my head is pounding and everything just…hurts. Something is wrong."
When it was done, she raised an eyebrow at her two companions. "My, you both are full of surprises, aren't you?" she said.
Sam's stomach dropped to his feet, and his vision went hazy again. They had a deal. They had a deal! He would do this awful work and start this war between Heaven and Hell, and in return Crowley would help him track down the yellow-eyed man. Now there was no hope, none at all.
"Lucky for us," said Cas, "our goals appear to have aligned. The yellow-eyed man is a member of Chuck's inner circle. He is a Count by the name of Azazel, and I have no doubt that where we find Chuck, we will find him."
"Reminds me," said Benny. "I better check the ropes again before you take off with him. He's a slippery one."
Chuck, like Cas, was clearly suppressing his true feelings. The smile on his face was cold, his eyes empty of all regard. "Glad to hear it," he said. "But now, as I've said, you've been accused of kidnapping my betrothed. The sentence for such a crime is death, of course."
Cas was a bit nervous, but not abundantly so. He was confident he could endure whatever this machine was because he had his secret. It was something he had discovered back when Cain had tortured him (before the demon had found a soft spot for him). It was easy to endure torture when you could take your mind away. And the best way to take his mind away was to think of Dean.
Prince Chuck stood his ground, but Dean had to tear his eyes away from the scene when he heard a nearby voice cry out.
The giant joined Dean at Baby's side, and gave her a stroke along her mane. "She's a great horse," said Sam fondly.
?" asked Dean, voice cracking slightly. It wasn't fair that Sam should die here, now, when Heaven had been set back in order and they had won.
Jody doesn't ask who 'he' is. She doesn't need to. You wonder how much she's seen and felt and guessed about the two of you. But she clearly knows enough.
A shuffle from the shadowy corner of the room, and the young man named Kevin emerged. He was pale and of slight build. He bowed his head so as not to make eye contact with Azazel.
Several miles away, back on land, Prince Chuck was indeed in a rage. Baby had returned to the castle, alone and frightened. Hanging loose on her saddle was a patch of fabric that appeared to have been ripped during a struggle. "Do you see this?" Prince Chuck said loudly to his entourage. "This cloth is sewn in Hell's fabric and smells of sulfur. It seems that the Kingdom of Hell has abducted my groom."
"But you won't," said a harsh voice, and Dean was shocked to see it was Cas that had spoken from beside him.
"There are rumors among the brute squad that Prince Chuck took a captive to a secret lab. It could only be him."
The man's eyes were alive with malice. "Like you don't know, you idjit! Not a lick of sense, and yet you're supposed to lead us? You're no better than the monsters you hunt. Your true love lives and you spit in his face!"
Dean's only joy now was riding alone through the countryside on Baby, whom the Prince had allowed him to bring to the Royal Stables.
"Thank you," said Sam sincerely. "Thank you so much. If this works out, I owe you one. Actually, even if it doesn't, alright? What's your name, anyway?"
Dean finished writing his letters to Cas. They all said the same thing – that he was sorry, that they should have fought to be together, and that it was his biggest regret. He promised he would never let Cas go again if only he returned.
He knew in his heart that fate had guided him to this spot. Shattering glass was a sound of purpose and action, a sound of a bullheaded and resourceful Dean Winchester. Cas practically flew up the last few steps and through the hall, stopping at a room which he guessed to be the most likely source of the noise.
It was slow-going, but the thought of seeing Dean again sustained him. If they were reunited, Cas felt sure they could weather any storm, even one as volatile as Chuck.
"After defeating a giant back at the cliff top, there was a hand-to-hand battle right here," said Prince Chuck. He picked up a discarded syringe from the ground and gave it a sniff. "Dead man's blood, just as I suspected! A vampire lost the match and ran off that way." He pointed to the left. "But the victor ran that way."
When he returns ten minutes later with the soup and some crackers on a tray, Cas has a tissue shoved squarely up his left nostril. He glowers at Dean slightly. "I used to be an Angel of the Lord."
As The Man came nearer, Crowley grabbed Dean and placed a blade to his throat. "Come closer and he dies."
The giant sighed. Benny didn't really sleep, exactly, so it was no surprise he'd heard Sam twisting and turning in the bed across from him.
Kevin was the first to set off. He was teary-eyed, as were they all, but there was a smile on his face. He gave his last thanks to the Queen and waved at the little group through the carriage window.
It was an unfortunate bloody affair, but there was no more time for games. Sam ended the two guards he faced and went to help Benny. He slashed at those closest to him, knocked them back and away and down. They groaned and grimaced and held hands against their bleeding wounds.
Dean looks to Sam for support. Sam says nothing - his eyes are full of that familiar wrathful vengeance, and Cas finds solace in that. They hunt together, him and Sam.
Now that Cas was sitting across from him, Dean couldn’t help but notice how attractive he was. He was especially startled by the way the light of the candle was flickering in those clear blue eyes.
"That's a relief," said Sam. "With these horses, we may actually stand a chance of getting away." Sam nodded towards the horses, which Benny still had by the reins.
And you stay like that, together, for maybe five long seconds that feel like days. Until Cas pulls away of his own accord. Part of you thinks that he just wanted to feel close to you. Just for a moment. "I'm sorry, Dean. I know you're not interested in the male form. Or me, specifically."
Benny and Sam headed upstairs to retrieve some of their belongings. Charlie decided to pack them some food for the road. Rowena, however, hung back with Cas. She hovered over him in order for their eyes to meet properly.
Sam was a bit entranced at everything she was doing. He couldn't help but feel that he should have studied more about magic with his Uncle Bobby, in addition to mastering the sword. This kind of thing could certainly come in handy.
Skeptical as he was, Dean couldn't help but believe it. It seemed unlikely that Cas had gotten through the castle alone. Dean thought it over and then decided taking a chance on Sam would be better than just jumping and praying for the best.
They were not as lucky inside the castle as they had been sneaking through the grounds. Three times they were found by Royal Guards, who were much more aggressive and clever than those at the gate. They came at the group with swords ready.
"Those are the Shrieking Sirens, boys. And not pretty babes like you might think, but flesh-eating monsters of the deep."
Dean quickly stepped through to the other side of the wall and waited for it to complete its rotation back into place. Once he was sure his tracks were covered, he pulled out his Demon blade. Unfortunately, he knew it would not be enough.
"Then what happened, Cas?" he asked, trying to rid his imagination of the many ways a demon like Cain might torture someone.
Benny and Sam shared a look. It had been a long time since they were treated with such hospitality. Vampires and giants were not common house guests. Neither of them could resist the invitation.
He looked under the pillows and mattress to be sure, but the note was nowhere to be found. Hope burgeoned inside his chest.
"But I have no need of it," Castiel had told Amara, and later, he said the same to Sam. "And I'd like you to have it, Samuel, son of Mary. In case the sea ever calls you."
"What you do not smell is a very special poison, known as The Lance of Michael. It is tasteless, odorless, dissolves instantly in any liquid. And it is deadly to all creatures, be they human, demon, or angel."
Sure enough, a scaly Siren's face emerged from the water, and then another, and another. They were surrounding Dean, teeth bared and long shriveled fingers reaching for his arms and —
This bed is warm and soft and his own feels further away than ever. Plus, what if Cas wakes up and needs him? Like, to get him aspirin or tissues or…something?
Dean could be mad but it's such a Cas thing to admit that he snorts with laughter instead. "I'll make you Lysol-wipe it before you give it back. Now, which soup?"
Cas lifted a hand and flicked his wrist. Dean suddenly felt a tug on his back, as if he was being reeled away like a fish on a line. It was gentle enough that he was able to stay on his feet, and then he understood. While Chuck had let go of him and was distracted, Cas had taken the opportunity to put distance between him and the god.
He was so extremely grateful that Prince Chuck never saw fit to hinder his work, and even utilized it on several occasions.
"I don't care if it kills you!" Dean shouted, unable to keep his anger in check now that Chuck was in sight. "I want you to
Cas gives him a questioning look, but Dean just smiles. "Go," he commands, and Cas shuffles back out to his room.
He wished with all his heart that they could go back to those simple times - Cas the doting farmhand and himself as the somewhat oblivious boy that had fallen in love with him.
