His entire body is tingly when the orgasm finally fades, and the world still seems slower. Suddenly Sherlock is above him again, and without thinking John unties his dressing gown and begins stroking him.
Just as he’s worked himself into a mental tirade against his flatmate, he slows, just now noticing a sleek black car crawling alongside him. He stops, tensing as the car does as well. Before he can work through this mentally, an attractive, auburn haired woman pokes her head out the window. “It’s not wise to walk on that leg so much, Dr. Watson.”
Oh. Right. John pulls himself away from his fascination of the wrist monitor, and drops to his knees to look over the body.
They’re silent on the cab ride. John is pressed as far as he can against the door, but he can still feel Sherlock’s warmth, hear his breath.
John hums, and tries to move out of Sherlock’s embrace, but the other’s strong arms keep him in place. “Sherlock, I do love hearing about your day, but I also should make sure our dinner isn’t charred.”
“Is that what happened when you met Daddy?” John asked excitedly, taking her hand and looking at her Watch, which read no numbers now.
That stops me. Name. A name, what’s my name? I
Sherlock rushes downstairs then, throwing open the door and grinning widely at the other, who hasn’t even taken his hand off the buzzer yet. There is a moment of silence, where the two men face each other with small, hesitant smiles, looking each other over (tense shoulders, has been having trouble in the marriage (but when have they not); slammed a cupboard shut on his finger that morning; had a tuna sandwich for lunch). Before long, Sherlock can’t stand the distance anymore and grabs John by his lapels, pulling him into the building.
He isn’t sure if the detective has always looked at him like this, or if it’s just started now, or if John is imagining the entire thing.
“You see the countdown on your wrist?” she asked, taking his swollen arm and pointing to the implanted machinery. He sniffled, and nodded. “It’s counting down to when you’ll meet your Soulmate. See?” She laughed softly, as the number was something along the lines of 999d23h59m. “But you don’t have to worry, you’re still young. You’ve got a bit of time before you’ll worry about meeting her. But then, when you meet her, you’ll be together forever.”
On a certain level he doesn’t even want this to end. Thinking that makes his heart pound, as if Moriarty will be able to read his thoughts, as if he’ll be thrown in jail for thinking sinful things.
“But we don’t know when or where this next heist is going to be!”
“Oh, come off it, John,” he sighs. “I hate pity as much as you do. I’ve had years to accept this, I’m not broken up about it.”
Sherlock doesn’t question it, understands it, or thinks he does. He thinks John is angry because of the stunt he’s pulled, dying and coming back, making John mourn for nothing.
The light goes out about half an hour afterwards, and the lightened window is imprinted onto my retinas. I continue to watch the building, and the rain, for a long time, despite how tired I was earlier.
Sherlock, on the other hand, has calculating, calm eyes, and he nods emphatically. “Hence the lawyer, who signed the papers to transfer her, hm? And the madam who kept her,” he says quickly. “But what happened to her? You went after each victim to learn more about the next one, what did the madam tell you?”
“John.” Sherlock shakes his head. “I’ve been sleeping with men since I was fifteen. I’m not confused at all. I thought you would have figured that out by now.”
It all comes rushing back, though, once they’ve paid the bill and are out on the sidewalk.
He can hear Sherlock say something, that rumbling baritone drifting through his ears, but he can’t catch the words.
“What?” Sherlock asks.
And so the day begins.
for that hideous life… But it suddenly occurs to him that they’ve never mentioned where the prostitutes come from in all the news stories. None were ever returned to grieving parents, relieved to have a kidnapped child back in their arms…
The door to the flat is open as it often is, which means Sherlock is in, which means that John can’t hide from this.
so much.
The brothers do not speak to each other for the next five years.
I sink back down onto my pillow, curling up against the cold as I continue to watch their shadows. He’s kissing her again, she’s kissing back, his head is moving lower and lower on her body...
But for now, the seas are calm. John is in his arms, and beyond the walls of Troy, the disgraced lovers sleep peacefully.
As I think over the situation, I fail to notice the footsteps down the hall, only becoming aware of them when the door opens. I freeze, hurriedly scanning the room again. There’s nothing I can hide behind, it seems I’ll have to negotiate...
She’ll kiss him, and he’ll find himself longing for Sherlock’s dominant mouth. Her conversation now seems boring, uninspired. His now half-hearted attempts at getting to know her still go nowhere. Her childhood was allegedly uninteresting. Airtight family, lots of friends, neither of which he could relate to. Some of her stories give John a bad feeling, like how she and friends mocked a classmate for being too smart, even going so far to destroy his books. She doesn’t even sound so remorseful.
He grabs his wallet and keys, patting his pocket for his mobile when he suddenly hears it ping by the entryway dresser.
The following day, he’s off from work, and Mary is given a rare afternoon shift at the hospital. John immediately takes advantage of this, swallowing his pride and fear to take the tube to Baker Street.
The blaring sound of his alarm at first just seems like a bad dream, until the sound grips him by the shoulders and drags him out of his dreams and back into the waking world with a groan.
“Anywhere! Her flat! That’s where you’ll end up anyway, right?!”
“Yeah.”
her! I had nothing left! So tell me, if you went through all of that, and three months into your cabbie run the man who destroyed everything walked right into your fucking car, wouldn’t you kill him? It would inspire you, that’s for damn sure. I went after all of them, until I got to the truth, until they were all gone.”
The angle at which the flames whipped the crowd the previous night had not been random or spasmodic, but calculated, sequenced and repetitive, licking precisely three recurring points in their surroundings (and getting dangerously close to the students on their way around). These three points were where Sherlock, irritably, was searching.
“You- you’re interested?” he asked quietly, a slight flicker of hopefulness in his glassy eyes.
“Don’t even think about it.” John snapped, as the pool of tea began wipe itself up “You want to be an auror right?” Greg groaned in reply. “Right, so you need five NEWTs, at least, to even be considered… You are only taking six bloody subjects anyway, and let’s not pretend you’re currently passing Charms or Herbology. You are absolutely bombing Potions, I get it but Magnussen might have done you a favour here mate. You need it.” John barked, pulling Greg back down into the seat beside him. “Now eat your toast.”
The crowds were chanting their incessant phrases, waving their burgundy flags violently and clapping at random intervals in the lead up to the match. Graham had painted his face gold, pretty terribly, on their way to the pitch, and was screaming at the top of his lungs for most of the twenty minute build up until first whistle.
“Ah don’t worry, rather ruin a pair of socks then you suffer severe blood loss from the face,” John said, smirking “Not as bad as I thought, though,” He added, examining him closer “I imagined you coming down this morning with half you face purple.”
A cab. A car only seen when needed, and never thought about otherwise. People get in and out of them dozens of times a day, and never even bother to look in the front seat to see who was driving…
Slowly John began to accept that (although Harry had stopped returning his calls when he mentioned this reasoning to her), and he was drawn back into the allure of that countdown. It took him a week to realize he was looking back down at his wrist as a reflex, and reading off those pixelated numbers, the ones that were taunting him with how long he had until he wouldn’t ever have to be alone.
“Well, I suppose you could say that,” she says with a small laugh. “An anniversary, you could say.”
“Naughty boy, John,” the heavier one chuckles to the handsome one. “I saw you coming here from Mary’s direction. Just a chat that lasted a bit longer than expected, then?”
I’ll give them the benefit of the doubt and go with the latter, as, really, I am rather good. I haven’t made a single sound. Even the sparse people wandering about on the streets haven’t looked at me, even though I am not in the shadows, and only a small distance from the two. (Blending in plain sight, doesn’t that need practice? Yet it’s second nature to me. My identity is becoming more interesting by the moment)
My throat is dry now from the biscuits. I reach for the mug of tea and take a large gulp, wincing when it scorches my mouth. It burns my tongue, and, just a moment later, my throat. I had apparently forgotten the caution required when dealing with hot drinks. I cough, forcing myself to choke down the liquid, and push the mug to the other side of the table.
“Obviously calming you down the old fashioned way was going to take a while, and I could hardly assess the perimeter and make sure we were safe while you were screaming in my ear about how we were going to rot in hell.”
Sherlock scowls, and drops the file on the floor. “My interest has been piqued, yes,” he concedes. “Can you take me now?”
Besides, it’s only a moment after stepping back that Sherlock reappears in the room, still muttering about chemicals.
“Excuse me?” a voice calls from behind me. It sounds meek, yet holds an underlying force of will. I whip around to see a small, older woman, wearing a modest middle class dress and folding her arms across her chest, pursing her lips as she regards me. It is truly terrifying.
Their relationship would change rapidly, never remaining the same, keeping them always in motion.
Then he does it. He reaches up and kisses John’s cheek, which is cool against his fevered lips, is stubbled and rough, and waits for the reaction. Will he leave? Will he stay? Will he say something?
Does Sherlock Holmes love anyone? Has he ever loved anyone? Has he ever had sex? Has he ever laid on top of a woman (or man, for that matter.
“Am I distracting you from something?”
John feels his cheeks burn, and he draws back. “I guess not,” he mumbles, letting the entire subject drop. “Hey, wash your dishes when you’re done, if you can. I’m heading to bed.”
Sherlock looks up in surprised, as if he wasn’t expecting the two of them to still be there. “Well, I can hardly surmise everything by just looking at a report now, can I?” he asks. “I’ll need to see the crime scenes.”
He trudges all the way to their flat, pushing the door open with a deflated movement.
, John thinks to himself, but he rushes downstairs and out the door. All he knows is that Sherlock is in danger.
In Which Our Hero is not Killed, a Few Questions Are Answered, and We Go Back from Whence We Came
There had never been any final handing over of the keys and deposit, which proves very useful now, as John can’t imagine the humiliation of having to ring in, hoping Sherlock wouldn’t completely spurn him.
“Really?” John asks in surprise. That’s possible the strangest and most coincidental thing that’s ever happened to him. “Who?”
Oh man. This chapter was a mother to write. Worldbuilding, and bringing something new to one of the most famous and important Sherlock Holmes stories every is incredibly difficult. Some things I just had to cut and will put in other chapters, but this still is incredibly long. The other chapters will not be so arduous, I promise.
something
John shivers at how casual Sherlock says this, when it fills John with terror. Without Sherlock, what would he be?
If John ever notices that he awakens in different rooms than he’s fallen asleep in, he never mentions it.
“Is that an ‘A’?” John asks in disbelief. His heart sinks once more, as he knows when convicts have their Watches removed, the ‘C’ they receive is by branding.
Which isn’t to say that Sherlock Holmes is still anything less than insane. There are times when that cursed man wakes John up at five in the morning, just to rattle off some epiphany that John couldn’t care less about, or when John will swear his coffee cup has an aroma of formaldehyde. (something he’s decided not to question.) The most infuriating thing of all, John has decided, is when Sherlock sends John on errands. As if he isn’t a grown man with his own job and chores he has to complete, the detective, the self-proclaimed genius, forgets to get his bloody tailored suits from the dry cleaner, doesn’t wash his dishes, and it all is left to John to complete.
Finally the detective inspector sighs, and presses his wrist to the other screen. “For now I won’t question why your device is compatible with police devices,” he mutters as he takes off the monitor. Sherlock gives a bright smile and straps it on his own arm.
She’s pretty, in that classic sort of way. She has large brown eyes and short blonde hair, high cheekbones… But… is it odd that he had never really thought about a blonde Soulmate?
But who knows. He’s just a simple citizen, not the smartest man in the State.
isn’t
I travel for some time, although I once again do not know how long, passing the starting point of my journey and continuing on, when I see another source of light, from above, way off in the distance.
Sherlock smiles proudly, setting his instrument down at that soliloquy. He isn’t sure which answer he prefers: those heartfelt, loving ones, or the ones where John gapes and struggles for minutes, his mouth forming the forbidden affirmative, in the end only able to smile bashfully.
Sherlock pulls his lips away just enough so John can see his face completely, no longer contorted with rage, but still looking just as determined. “I want to fuck you,” he growls in a voice that makes John gasp and shiver.
Someone who cares
Greg frowns, pausing as he goes over something in his head. “Well, what’s the next one going to be?”
This originally was going to be the last chapter, but then it was getting very long. So one more to go!
“... after three years you’d think he’d stop being such a fucking prat all the-- what are
He comes to the landing, and tiptoes to the entrance. The door to their flat is unlocked, as always, and as John peers around the living room, it doesn’t seem to be inhabited at the moment.
, a voice immediately answers. Upon shakily getting up on my elbows, I can see a street sign at the end of the alley, illuminated by the painfully bright lamp post: “Baker Street.” Southern London, Westminster.
00d15h08m
He starts to palm John’s erection through the fabric of his pants, and bends his head. John knows what he’s about to do, and jerks into a sitting position, and grabs Sherlock’s shoulder.
In preparation for this, Lestrade has himself and a few men posted inside the museum of the night in question, and after much arguing and pouting, Sherlock manages to convince him to allow the two of them in too.
Then he’s gone, and John wants nothing more than to puke.
John hasn’t any idea what he’s supposed to do in this circumstance, and decides on kissing Sherlock’s ear and jaw, to remind him that he’s there, and that he’s not leaving.
Yes, that’s right, I remember reading about it in the papers, arguing about it with someone, our voices growing louder in frustration with each turn. We’re in a war, England is. It’s been on for a while. That would explain the lack of food waste.
It goes on like this for two days, with John leaving and returning only when he knows Sherlock will be gone. John is perfectly aware of how much of a coward he’s being, but he can’t bear to face it. Whenever he does, he’s forced to deal with not revulsion, but tenderness, and that warmth that stirs in his stomach. He can’t continue with that in his mind.
Time is passing, I realise unconsciously. My feet have gone numb, and my teeth chatter in the frigid air. How long has it been? I still have a fair amount of string, and my internal clock suggests the world above me is coming alive with soft sounds, as families gather in their kitchen for breakfast. Women with their clicking heels, children screeching and laughing, dogs barking.
“I’m going to bed, Sherlock,” he replies, his voice hardly a whisper, and he continues on the stair.
“What?” Anderson says self-righteously, crossing his arms. “Do you need something?”
Sherlock steps forward again, his eyes running over John’s form again. For a moment, John wonders if the other will refuse, before the detective suddenly wraps his arms around him, pulling him into a kiss so tender John melts into his body.
“You get some rest, Edward, I’ll see you in the morning,” she says, patting my shoulder softly. “Breakfast is at nine tomorrow, but don’t feel like you need to wake up for it. I can make you something anytime, I have nothing to do all day.” She gives me another kind, motherly smile and a final pat before leaving the room, her heels clicking against the wood. She closes the door behind her, but leaves the light on, in case I wish to change into pyjamas, I suppose. I do not, instead just turning the light off myself and crawling into the bed fully clothed.
With a clearer head, John takes the time to go downstairs to make himself lunch, and peruse on this further.
And as much as John appreciates the sentiment, his mouth still feels like cotton, and his spine truly is suffering.
A small smirk touches Sherlock’s lips, to John’s surprise. “I find things to do,” he says. “I’d say it frees up quite a lot of space in my life.”
,” Lestrade repeats. “I was floundering!”
Up next, the actual plot!
A sudden shriek jolts John out of his daze, and he drops everything, soldier/doctor/detective mode in gear.
Although John has to admit that it is an odd way of saving grief on the State’s part, to tell Sherlock and his family that it was a character flaw on Sherlock’s end.
After a few beers John doesn’t even think about Sherlock.
Sherlock never answers.
Sherlock is grinning cheek to cheek, and chuckles. The two men stare at each other for a long second, and John remembers how beautiful and alluring Sherlock is, how he looks like an angel...
But as awful as this explanation is, maybe he just has to accept once that the system isn’t perfect, and that Sherlock was on the losing end of the stick with it.
At one point, Sherlock wraps those strong arms around John from behind, and pulls him into the shadows, where no one can see them
“You heard me,” John responds coolly. (
“Stamford! Watson!” the bald-colonel man shouts. “Take the backside of the hospital, keep your eyes peeled for planes, we’ve received tips suggesting that the Enemy will strike today!”
John surrounds himself with Mary as much as he can. She introduces him to her friends. John realises he doesn’t have friends he can introduce to her. They go out for drinks. They talk all night. He takes extra shifts at the clinic, to help put a down payment on their venue.
? Where is he going? How did he get a cab so quickly at this hour?
“He’s been a nuisance since the day I’ve bloody been born,” Sherlock muttered distractedly. “Always meddling in my things--”
For a moment, he worries she’ll say no just to be cheeky. “We’ll have to be quiet, my flatmate is a light sleeper,” she says finally, and John breathes a sigh of relief.
But it does not really matter, because John does love him, he does, but only as a friend would love a friend.
That doesn’t make sense. It can’t make sense. ‘Anti-social tendencies.’ Sure, Sherlock is awkward, but certainly that did not make him incapable of love, did it? If anything, John has thought that Sherlock deserves love and affection more than anyone. He’d be a pill, but his Soulmate would still love him, wouldn’t she?
Or maybe he dreamed the whole thing.
Sherlock makes a shocked sound, one that delights John, and he pulls the detective closer, kissing him as hard as he can.
The unharmonic melody continues in fortissimo above John as he heads out of the flat, on his way to meet Mary Morstan, the woman he’s destined to be with.
Mrs. Hudson smiles, although it doesn’t reach her eyes, and shakes her head. “It’s not so interesting a story, John,” she says. “I don’t think you’d like to hear it.”
65d21h33m. What was it yesterday? Has it gone up or down? Does it matter? It isn’t as if this act will have affected this.
John pants, his mind unable to remember how to form words. God, that mouth… Sherlock was bobbing his head up and down, and all John could feel was heat, pressure, the room spinning around him…
John stands and smiles softly at Sherlock, and tries not to let the small, probably sarcastic comment get to his head too much.
Some time ago, people had no way of knowing who their soulmates were, it was explained to them. There were awful divorces, children born out of wedlock, sexual deviancy becoming more and more accepted, all because people didn’t know how to find their true love. So the government made certain to find everyone’s Soulmate, and to help everyone find them. That way, the people would be happy, and the children that would be created would be in their rightful place, with the biological mother and father.
And, as ashamed as John is to admit it, they did fuck one other time, a few days after Sherlock’s breakfast. He hadn’t been able to help it, the way Sherlock had looked with a towel around his waist…
Mary still looks unsure. “Probably chocolate cake. Those really rich ones,” she says. “I could eat those all the time, if they didn’t have such obvious health effects.”
Sixteen days.
From there Sherlock practically drags him out the door, and hails a cab, shouting some unknown location as they drive. In the privacy and relative silence of the car, John finally asks him how he knew all that about him, and in response gets some flurry of random things that John would never have been able to connect. Tan wrists, the way he stood, the engraving on the phone.
Sherlock glances up, and immediately purses his lips. “You didn’t get the milk,” he says.
that, but yes, he wanted to. He’d finished with his main targets after all,” Sherlock huffs. “I think he was planning something more, but he didn’t get to that, obviously.”
Most importantly, he is left
Lestrade shakes his head. “Right, of course. Ignoring however you figured that out -- You do know how many strings I have to pull to get you to crime scenes? You can’t just run off again! You didn’t answer any of my questions, or--”
Because, they don’t, right?
Blood begins to pool from her groin into the fabric, spreading across the teal article.
John lets out a long, low breath. “Yeah, I can tell.”
Sherlock begins to move around noon, John can hear the sleepy shuffling coming from the other’s room. Recently he’s been sleeping there more often than his own room, those walls becoming less and less foreign.
It’s only when he nears 221 that he falters.
Instead, she leads me upstairs. The stairs creak every other step, and the wood looks worn.
“Do you think you’re pretty, now?” he asks, laughter still in his voice.
someone says in my mind, although I can’t place anything else of the memory.)
A dark blur rushes towards him, and just as John starts to react, Sherlock has him pinned to the wall, with his hands uselessly in a tight grip by the detective.
She’s young, and attractive, with strands of chestnut hair hanging loose from her nursing cap. Many girls become nurses during wars, to help their country in any way they can, given that they cannot join the action. Patriotic, then, or at least sympathetic. A wedding band is on her ring finger. Married, and a nurse in a wartime hospital. Her husband is most likely in the army: she is young so he most likely is as well; most young men are the ones foolish enough to volunteer, and the first to be drafted, and young wives typically do not work unless they have to. Why would she be nursing in a place where the crippled or dying body of her husband could come through?
John freezes, stuck in the centre of their living room as Sherlock Holmes wanders in, wearing a dressing gown and a towel over his shoulder.
, his entire body feels red hot, like he’s going to explode with rage--
“Of course you’re here,” he mutters. “I’ve been calling you for weeks and I happen to run into you,
The man blinks, his eyes still on John.
“Antisocial,” Sherlock says, chuckling, but John hears his voice break in the word, and sees the pain on his face.
What the hell is going on? I find myself incredibly frustrated about my predicament, because there must be answers, there must have been things that I knew, but right now it’s like beating my head against a brick wall.
A few moments later, or perhaps it’s several minutes, Sherlock pulls out himself, causing John to gasp at the sudden emptiness. The detective groans softly, burying his head into the crook of John’s neck like always, as warmth pooled on John’s stomach.
Some of the hospital staff is smoking outside, they only stare at me in surprise when I walk out, but I hurry past them.
Sherlock furrows his brow and takes a step towards John. “You don’t think I only consider you as a sex object, do you?” he asks.
This doesn’t stop Sherlock’s kissing. “Ah,” comes the answer. “Do you want me to leave?”
“And do you love me?” Sherlock finally asks, his smile dropping into a serious expression as he finishes, still holding the instrument to his chin.
. His breathing his heavy, his eyes alternate between wide and narrowed a few times every second, and his nose twitches.
“So, you… kidnapping me, that was…”
It’s in the eighth level, upon waking up sweating, sticky, and with the image of a male classmate stuck in his mind, that Sherlock realises that he’s homosexual. Which, along with his anti-social tendencies, serves to further alienate him from his classmates. He completely blocks them out to save face, and to keep himself from killing all of them.
An alleyway appears to my left, I duck into it the moment I see it. Immediately the foot traffic seems to have forgotten me, no one follows me or calls out.
After the mirror is purchased and taken back  into the flat (Mrs Hudson is passing through and looks surprised by it, but she’s long since learned not to question whatever Sherlock brings home), he takes it up to his room, where just that morning he took off the large poster of the periodic table, for use of this, and experiments with it. Hanging it somewhere, and then lying on the bed, looking to see the reflection.
“I’m going to have to leave soon,” he murmurs.
“If I could guarantee that no one would ever discover this… If there were no consequences, no guilt… Would you continue this?”
“I’ve been thinking of getting a flatshare, but really, who would want me for a flatmate?” he says, keeping up a faux grin for the joke, and gestures to himself.
“Are you alright?” John asks worriedly.
And John does not think about how beautiful the man looks in a suit.
“Hey,” he says to Mary as she adjusts her coat. “I don’t want to impose, but I had a lot of fun tonight.”
Blue eyes.
Over the years, he had decided there was no one out there who would do that. That it wasn’t society who was at fault for never accepting him, as Mummy and Mycroft used to say, but
“Sherlock!” he shouts, just as the figure pulls out a weapon of his own. Despite the two of them being evenly matched, John has the advantage with his gun already drawn, and he shoots quickly.
Also there's some mentions of racism in this chapter, as a warning.
“I didn’t take you to be a Conspirator,” he snaps defensively, as it’s the only thing he can think of to say. A conspirator, a traitor to the State, was someone who believed the State was wrong, that Freedom was lost in the State bringing Happiness. There were violent organizations, terrorist groups that attacked many State officials, bombed office buildings, even at times killed families.
Three--
“Hm?” Sherlock hums from the other room, sounding oblivious.
She giggles, and raises an eyebrow. “No,” she answers, moving a hand up to run through her hair, her wrist pointing to John for him to see that her Watch is blank.
John lifts his head up, stares.
look. “Not a child porn site,” he says matter-of-factly. “An art dealing site.”
“Why, yes,” Mycroft hums, glancing back to Sherlock. “Can’t you see some family resemblance?” He smiles warmly, while Sherlock scowls. Now that John sees the two of them together, they each have the same mouth, and perhaps if Mycroft were skinnier he’d have the same face shape, and jutting cheekbones.
Now, randomly, he can’t help but wonder if he’d given some physical tell, like an audible yelp or sharp breathing, and that Sherlock pretended to kick him in his sleep, knowing that John would be mortified if the detective had brought it to his attention.
“Which part? The cosmic sense, or how did we end up in this precise situation?”
He pulls out his Sig, drawing it at his hip as he slowly approached. Examine the perimetre, secure threat, use caution when going in. His back is pressed against the wall, and he moves in, walking slowly into the room with his gun drawn.
When John arrives back at the flat, with two bags of measley groceries he’d gotten because he was convinced Moriarty would tail him, to see if he came running home, Sherlock ambushes him. He pushes him into a wall and kisses him hungrily, but John quickly pushes against him.
His favorite food is pasta carbonara, which he has never told John but every time they get take away it is the first thing he suggests. He takes his coffee with two sugars and a splash of milk.
Lashing out. Classic defence mechanism.
What else would he be able to call him?
John furrows his brow, not sure why Sherlock is asking this in such a small voice. He clears throat, and responds in a whisper as well. “I only learned it once I was in Afghanistan. On the home front there’s not as much of a need for covertness. Why?”
On a whim, I pick the right, ready to unravel the string on my way.
Hoisting myself up, I blink and try to become accustomed to the abrupt brightness, and then to figure out where I have emerged.
John stares, wide eyed, at her. “Really? I’m losing him because of this? He’s my--” he stops himself short, common sense finally kicking in. “Best friend.”
He wants to throw up.
Oh! Light, a passage up, exactly what I have been searching for! I grin and laugh to myself, feeling tempted to jump with joy. It is perfect timing as well, as I am nearly at the end of the ball of twine.
“What, are you going to buy the works that he stole?” John asks, still incredulous. “What if the State notices your activity! This could get you thrown in prison for decades!”
He feels his face turn red in embarrassment as they keep walking. Right. Psychosomatic. He just hadn’t thought something like this could make it disappear in a few hours.
“Oh, dearie... clean yourself up. You’ll stay for the roast, and rest yourself,” not a question. “The bathroom is down the hall. I’ll show you to it, and I’ll leave some clothes out for you to change into afterward.”
The exchange had made John blush and stammer, although he didn’t know why).
Sherlock kisses his face, the contact feeling almost electric.
“There’s...a headlamp on the operating table...I suppose it won’t be missed,” she murmurs, still confused, but seeming to have calmed down from her hysteria (although she is still leaning inconveniently against the door). “Twine...Why do you need twine? I can’t...We’re a hospital, we don’t have twine.” She looks in shock, probably answering my questions on default, before remembering that she doesn’t know who I am, and that I’ve already figured out her darkest secret.
Moriarty tuts, and shakes his head, his smile taking a patronizing edge. “You heard his story, Mr. Holmes. A very tragic tale, the highwayman and the landlord’s daughter. I’m sure he spun it beautifully.” He sighs, and his smile drops with sickening speed. “But the story cannot go public. There are a choice minority who would love to use this story as fodder, and try to destroy this nice civilization we have going. I’m already having the case moved to my office, to process. And don’t worry, we’ll ensure that no other child must go through what pretty little Rachel did. The police can’t be trusted to sort this mess. But I trust you, Mr. Holmes.” John can’t help but feel that the other is pretending he doesn’t exist, yet the edge in his voice seems like it’s directed at him. “You aren’t planning on spreading this story?”
?” he repeats. “Do you really think of me the way those propaganda videos made the Homosexual seem? That I take, and take with an incorrigible libido, that can only be filled by destroying an innocent?” John stares at him evenly, his heart pounding, but through his own fury he can only stay silent. “Because I have several memories of
He’s aware, of course, that the two of them have nearly nothing in common, but it does make him feel better when he wallows in loneliness.
Sherlock is staring after Dr. Moriarty, a small scowl on his face. “I don’t know,” he mutters. “Come on, I’m starving.” All humor is gone from the detective’s face as he pulls his coat tighter to himself, and stalks down the street.
The blood is still rather wet, only drying at the tips. I must have woken up fairly soon after my beating, even taking into account the wet mist outside. I figure it must have been less than an hour.
The men turn a corner, and stop at the hospital building, not far from where I left it. I stop short, just at the corner, so I can watch them without having to worry about them seeing me.
Upon reaching the top of the stairs, she pauses just at the door, just for a moment, before opening it and lighting a small lantern on the wall.
It is almost a game, between them.
“There’s a room upstairs,” she says kindly, sitting down next to me and putting a soft hand on my shoulder. “You’re welcome to stay as long as you like, as long as you need to get yourself sorted.”
“Sher--”
decay, he assumes that this is the right choice.
“Leave. Now,” Sherlock says, just as threateningly. “Come back for your things later.”
“John! Sherlock!” He hears Greg shout, and that’s when Sherlock pulls away. The dark haired detective stares at John, looking through his eyes into his soul.
She’s only been dead a few hours, rigor mortis has just started to set in. It’s a bit difficult to do an examination on her because of this, but John does manage to tilt her head back enough to get some glimpses.
John pulls away after a moment, staring down at Sherlock, taking in his dark curls splayed on the pillow, how rosy his cheeks are in the low lamplight.
“It needs some ice and rest, and a cast, although I know you won’t do any of that,” he says.
“That was your first time with a man,” the detective says. It’s not a question, but there is hint of realization in the other’s voice.
“That you’re with her?” Sherlock cuts him off again, now taking a step closer. “Not the only reason you belong together?”
“Go ahead,” John groans, although the idea is slightly terrifying to him -- won’t it hurt?
“N-no, you can’t,” John can hear himself saying, although he can’t recall deciding to say those words. “That can’t be true.”
John sighs, a small flare of hope lighting in his stomach, although it wasn’t enough to douse the feeling of anger and frustration.
“Right, I know,” John mumbles softly. “I’m sorry. I don’t mean to assume. It’s mostly… Well, I’ve spent probably a good literal half of my life staring at my wrist, looking forward to meeting her, I can’t imagine how life would have been otherwise. How you’d spend your time.”
It’s mostly because John had pushed aside his feelings for Sherlock, and now they’re back, along with the cheeky, smirking detective, and it just
But, he has to admire the man. Always nice. Even to him.
“John,” he says as John hurriedly starts on the stairs up to his room. John stops, and looks down.
“Lestrade’s?” Sherlock asks, rolling his eyes when John nods. “Ah. His wife has been cheating on him again, I believe.”
“Sherlock, you wouldn’t happen to know… Children born out of wedlock aren’t actually… sold as sex slaves, are they?” he asks quietly. The detective raises an eyebrow and glances back at him.
“We’ve got another case,” Sherlock sighs. “A big one, it seems.”
Multiple medication bottles, mostly joint pain relief, and dietary supplements. Lipstick-covered tissues, an old makeup brush, a note written in a feminine fashion.
attracted to me, and you want this! I’ve seen it, don’t bother denying it. I was even content to never let it come to fruition, if you preferred to remain in denial, but this is--” his nostrils flare. “I will not allow you to destroy this relationship because of your insecurities!”
“And how do you suppose we do that? There are probably thousands of Rachels in London alone,” Lestrade reminds him.
Where is home?
The boy is hardly taller than her, still hasn’t hit his final growth spurt, is wearing the latest fashion fad of skinny jeans, with a belt uselessly around his waist, and a jacket that is at least two sizes too big for him. The only thing not up to date is his hair, the style of which Sherlock thinks was never popular with anyone under the age of thirty-five. But on the sight of him, the girl smiles, and approaches him with a dreamy look. The boy returns it without a thought.
“Did they ever find his body, then?” I ask, turning my head innocently towards her. Her shock is immediately apparent.
It takes several tries, but finally he succeeds in the outcome he was working for: when he lies down on the bed, he only needs to glance over to see his entire profile. With this done, Sherlock stands, smirking, and goes off to finish the rest of the preparations for his lover’s arrival.
“Oh. Right,” the cab driver waves a hand. “Well. The next part’s obvious, innit? We were young. Stupid.”
had just wanted to clean myself and go about my day, but
The sight of the bed suddenly reminds me how absolutely exhausted I am. I suppose it makes sense, having one’s memory wiped must be quite tiring. My eyelids begin to droop of their own accord, not going unnoticed by Mrs. Hudson.
“I’ve got to use the loo,” John mumbles, pulling up his trousers and grabbing his shirt.
Just the darkness and the cold air spilling from it sends chills down my back. It seems sinister, and dangerous. I should not go in, especially in my current state. There could be an ambush, someone could be waiting there to kill me, or worse. My intuition tells me to immediately back away, every sign pointing to danger.
Christ, his whole body feels like puddy.
He looks so odd. He’s like a spectre, something that doesn’t belong in this world, but dammit if John can’t see why. His entire body looks sculpted, it
“No,” Sherlock sighs. “He’s not going to do anything. He could. He certainly has the evidence. He’d have a bit of difficulty explaining how it’s all illegally obtained, but he’d be able to snake around the issue. But instead he told you, knowing that you’d come and tell me. It’s all a part of his game.”
“So, er, what’s your name?” he asks, hoping to at least get rid of one of those energies.
The other man stirs as well, and yawns, moving onto his back. He blinks sleepily over at John, and despite himself, the doctor can’t help but think of how adorable the man looks, with his tussled hair and barely open eyes.
They dance about each other, as if they still have all the time in the world, just to see how long they can go without ever bringing up the subject of love, or sex, or if they ever had a chance in hell together.
Another thing about this good mood is that it makes Sherlock even more blunt that John could have imagined.
“What the hell do you need those for?” she asks, still shrill and hysterical.
“What a big mouth you have,” he teases, crawling under the covers with chattering teeth.
“Thank you,” he says. “I-- I’ve just realized I never asked you about your Soulmate or family.” He’d always been so lost in his own self-absorbed doubt and obsessions he’d never thought to speak to the woman who owned his home.
He blinks in some confusion, glancing over to the empty table, where Sherlock’s mobile still is. It only takes a few moments for curiosity to settle in, and a few more for it to become unbearable.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow. “Why are you here?” he asks. “This was a domestic revenge plot. He had no plans to bomb your office or anything of the sort, seems like a waste for you to be here.”
Mrs. Hudson doesn’t allow me to wash my dishes, saying that I am a guest, and should be resting up, not slaving in the kitchen. But the way she looks at me, how she gingerly takes the plate from me, reveals it’s more that she doesn’t want
“Mycroft, Anthea, and Lestrade are the only ones who know,” Sherlock insists. “I would know otherwise.”
At any given point, in school, at the bus stop, during a commercial break on the telly, each child would be watching their wrist, waiting for that little ticker to hit zero.
They are no longer sexually tense fights, ending with a strangely unfulfilling snog.
“It’s gotten better with you,” he admitted softly, although in that moment post-coital drowsiness was engulfing John, while Sherlock was still wide awake. “When I was young, I used to believe I’d stay awake for a hundred years -- although of course that was ridiculous.”
Sorrow hits him like a tidal wave, one that stays with him as Sherlock peppers his face with kisses and slips out from underneath him to use the loo.
The soft tone of voice somehow helps, and John relaxes into the kissing once more as Sherlock undoes his trouser buttons, and lets his hand slip in.
Mike blinks. “What?” he asks. “John, are you okay?”
“John!” Sherlock calls, causing John to jump out of his introspective gaze.
“So, what was it that you wanted to--” Lestrade cuts himself off, and as they both turn around they realize that Sherlock is once again not in the room.
Every part of John wants to say no. It’s wrong, all of this is so dangerous and wrong, but the way Sherlock’s blue eyes are staring at him so earnestly make his heart melt. “Yes,” he whispers.
Sherlock remains oblivious to the entire thing, which astonishes John more than anything.
“N-no, of course not,” Mike says, laughing awkwardly to make up for his mistake, shaking his head. “It’s just… I had someone else say that exact thing to me today.”
I lean down, staring into the abyss, then sit, dangling my legs over the edge, when my feet catch on something. There are steps, metal rungs bolted to a wall, it seems, creating a makeshift ladder. Very interesting… How many trips through this passage would necessitate the addition of a ladder? And where would it lead?
She’s laughing, still. I can see that from her wide grin and the spasms in her chest. When she turns towards out the window, I lean further into my pillows, as if afraid she might see me even in my darkened room. But she is not looking for anyone who would be peeping, she’s grabbing the light-coloured curtains, and right before she can close them, another figure steps in, a man, and wraps his arms around her and kisses her shoulder and neck. I do not have the chance to see his face before the curtains are pulled shut.
Because, to be gay, one has to be pleased with life.
“How is that imposing?” she teases.
Unless she is hoping to see him. He could be dead, or missing. Taking care of the men here makes her feel closer to him, and if he turns up in the hospital, she would be the first to know.
The man in question is a few inches shorter than Sherlock, yet the way he positions himself he makes it seem like he’s the one looking down on the detective. He smiles broadly, but there’s something about it that makes John skin crawl.
Or perhaps it’s just John.
The pathway gets dark quickly; I cannot see anything within ten rungs. Oh, and the smell is horrible, I have to breathe through my mouth to keep from gagging. It must be a sewer of some kind.
He’s in the middle of one such dream, when a sharp ping brings him back into the living.
“The where is simple to answer,” Sherlock says, striding forward. “All of the pieces taken are from this era. Different forms of art, and schools, but they’re all from mid-century, Antiques before the new Revolution. Not very many museums house that epoch of art, do they?”
They make love for the first time since Moriarty that night. In a bed, slowly. John slowly takes Sherlock apart, piece by piece, running his hands over every inch of his body as if he’s marble to be carved. His knees, his thighs, his cock, his stomach… How could skin be so smooth?
Wooooooo!! Now I can focus on the new Good Omens obsession and work on some fanfics for the husbands. If you liked this story, uh, I guess stick around for that?
Christ, she’s young, he realizes as he looks her over. Seventeen at most. She’s small, and her long black hair is splayed above her body. Her arms writhe, and her head bobs up and down in an epileptic spasm.
Just as he reaches his hand out, thinking of touching Sherlock in some way, perhaps to just comb through his hair, the mobile of the other starts ringing loudly, and Sherlock is suddenly sitting up straight.
They’d be terrified together. Always afraid. Of what would come next. Which one would get kidnapped, sent to the army again, shot by a stray bullet. Afraid of life.
“Yes, because you’re not my Soulmate!” John shoots back, glaring at Sherlock. “That’s what love is! It’s the sacred union between a man and a woman, not-- the debauchery you--!”
it all would be fine, but what if you slipped? You aren’t perfect!” John clenches his fists, and flinches at the sharp pins that rush through his arm. He winces and tries to concentrate on what he was speaking about. And Christ, that headache!
“I told you that I was getting a flatshare, who do you think it is?” Sherlock asks, sounding annoyed as he looks through the clutter for something.
John lets his head fall into the crook of Sherlock’s shoulder, and the other immediately wraps an arm around him. Why does this have to feel perfect?
Being fucked feels different than John was expecting, although honestly he isn’t sure what he was expecting in the first place.
Before he can see the man’s next move, a gunshot goes off, and just as the sound of glass breaking reaches him John immediately pushes Sherlock down, covering him while trying to keep a visual on what occurred, his gun still held at the ready for whatever bomb or grenade is thrown in next--
John awakens to the feel of sun against his skin. The warmth on his arm makes him stir, and he stretches under the covers. His hands run along new skin, and on instinct he leans into the body beside him, nuzzling his nose into their back and wrapping an arm around their waist.
“Now.”
“Oh, don’t do that,” he suddenly hears the voice of Mrs. Hudson behind him, right as he’s on the first step. “He’s finally gotten to sleep, the poor thing. He was up all last night, making a racket.”
In that moment, Mrs. Hudson chooses to come up and fuss over him. He stops listening the moment she mentions some remedy to help with joints, because he knows exactly what she’s talking about, and he’s sick of all of it, sick of everyone looking at him and pitying him--
“First… I like my back being stroked…” he murmurs, guiding the other’s hand to his spine, and pulls John into a deep, tender kiss.
“Well?” Greg asks expectantly.
“You needn’t worry about it!” Sherlock shouts back, smirking at John as they stride out of the museum.
“He said… He said that you were beyond saving, but that I could still rise from the filth.”
“Sherlock, I--I can’t!” he can barely get the words out. “It’s illegal--”
Sherlock lifts his head up and kisses John on the cheek. “Are you alright?” he asks.
John stares at Moriarty, now beginning to consider the possibility that his cup has been poisoned. But what other choice does he have? He blows carefully on the cup, and takes a slow sip.
“I can be very quiet.”
John stares at him. Simultaneously, he feels a suspicion nagging at the corner of his mind, but also a warm, lighthearted tingling.
Slowly, ever so slowly, John’s mind returns to him, and he squeezes Sherlock’s body as tight as he can.
“The case,” Sherlock mumbles against him. He almost solved it...
“No, that’s impossible.” The anger fades from Sherlock’s face, the disbelief crowding it out. “I’ve gone through every precaution. What did he say? What were his exact words?” He’s stepped close to John again, staring at him intently.
When he’s ten years old, Sherlock promises himself he’ll never fall in love, because having gathered all the evidence, he can theorise that it never ends well.
Sherlock smirks devilishly. “I thought you’d want to hear about my day.”
The cab driver sighs, and wipes at his eyes once more, before a small smile comes on his face. “That’s disappointing,” he sighs. “Thought you were different, I did. ‘S why I told you my story. But I guess you’re like the lot of them, aren’t you?”
John loves him, sure, but only as a friend would love a friend.
For a moment, They lie beside each other in silence, before Sherlock gets up to towel them off. John sits up on his elbows, watching Sherlock as he wipes the towel down his chest. They’re both silent, and Sherlock glances up to him, but doesn’t make any more movements to touch John.
He gets to sleep regardless, and wakes up later in the morning for the clinic. He texts Mary on his way, although he knows she won’t be able to answer until her lunch break. Nurses rarely have time to goof off during their shifts, not like his easy appointments, almost all of which are minor illnesses or injuries, as always.
Is he actually defending
John hardly listens as Lestrade explains what has occurred, once they’re back on the ground floor. Something about hearing gunshots, getting there in the nick of time, the suspect was being taken to St. Bart’s, hopefully he’d remain in stable condition. Sherlock asks some questions, and Greg answers them hurriedly.
. “I know that I hurt you, and I want to--”
Those words hit John like a punch to the gut. He has to gasp for air for a moment, to wait until he stops seeing stars. He hasn’t heard those words in years. Not since his mother died. Had his father ever said it? He can’t even remember.
And then it begins to sink in.
It takes him a moment before he realizes it’s coming from his wrist. He glances down, and his heart lurches.
“What?” John furrows his brow.
Tomorrow, John will have to go. They’ll have to say goodbye, pretending that it won’t break their hearts.
“But that’s not even how stars work. Didn’t someone tell you that you couldn’t see the stars, let alone go to space?”
Sherlock gives him a look that seems to say ‘how have you survived this long’. “The writing!” he exclaims. “Rach! Rachel! They were a dying woman’s last words--so to speak-- Rachel has to be important!”
“Oh, I always care about them when someone else is on the line,” Sherlock sighs. “I don’t think you’ve met this one. He’s skinny as a reed, except for this enormous nose.”
But there’s something odd about his appearance, something that’s nagged at John since meeting him, but he can’t think of what on earth it could be… He is exquisite, not quite normal looking in his beauty, but there’s something more.
“By doing what?! Breaking into some child porn site?!”
“How did this happen?”
“Just answer me, please,” John begs, and his face must look desperate enough that Mike tries to stammer out a reply.
Sherlock stops, and stares at him with such a look of contempt that he doesn’t even know how to comprehend it.
I hear a soft growling, and feel a horrible pang in my stomach. Hungry. No,
Sherlock doesn’t look as if he minds, though, as he kisses John tenderly for a moment, before shifting.
John tunes out the other, as he glances back to the screen. Sherlock’s purple dot is moving, fast. Far faster than what would be on foot.
I dare to look back into the street again. Sure enough, there is a small, orderly formation of men in uniform, and a middle aged, menacing looking man in front of all of them, his back to me, shouting orders to the privates. Assigning patrol locations, I suppose for them take post at, since with each order, two men at a time leave the pack to march down to their designated perch.
He forces himself to look into Sherlock’s eyes, which are so full of hurt and anger that he can’t stand it. “What?”
John turns to her, and sighs, stepping back in defeat. “What am I supposed to do?” he asks. “He knew this was going to happen.” He’s aware that he’s outing himself to his landlady, but his exhaustion towards Sherlock trumps the panic of being caught at the moment.
That’s what Sherlock had said. The thought now still makes John shiver. Before last week, the image of a Homosexual was planted firmly in his brain, of a carnivorous, hideous person. Mistakes were made, people could be confused, but… Sleeping with men for almost half one’s life, that was deliberate.
“No, you’re just confused, frightened, like me--”
“Sherlock, I have something to tell you,” he says, as calmly as he can.
“I knew it,” John hisses. “I knew I shouldn’t have trusted you, I knew I should have never gone down this path, I knew this would happen!” He grips the side of his head, and stares at Sherlock, who stands a few feet in front of him with his arms crossed. The man looks fairly calm, or at least not panicking, which makes John even angrier.
But he recovers. Slowly. Because that’s what he does, as a soldier, as a human being.
But sex with Sherlock is always… it always just clicks. Everything with Sherlock just clicks. While he’s only slept with Mary a few times, even though they now live together, and it’s been fine, it hasn’t been… like Sherlock.
I nod slowly, giving her a soft smile, because that’s what I’m supposed to do. Really, though, I haven’t the faintest idea how I feel about her offer. Staying in this flat will do no good in trying to figure out who I am, or why I would have been attacked, which I must figure out soon.
John doesn’t reply to that one.
John huffs, the constant interruptions edging him closer and closer to his own meltdown. “Dammit, Sherl--”
After a few moments, he watches in the mirror as John turns towards his gaze. Their eyes lock in the glass, and Sherlock hears, sees, as well as feels the rumbling, breathless laugh it brings.
My stomach growls loudly again, causing Mrs. Hudson to jump in shock, very nearly dropping her kettle. “Oh, you scared me, love,” she laughs softly, placing a hand to her heart. “I was just making a cuppa, would you like some?”
They both lean against the wall, John being the closest to me, finally giving me the chance to look at him properly.
He comes to slowly, with the realization that his mouth is hanging open, and is absolutely dry. He smacks his lips a few times, swallowing what little spit he can create. In the moment of silence, he hears a soft, sleepy sigh from behind him, and John remembers that he is not in his own bed.
Sherlock gives an exasperated sigh. “No law abiding woman would wear that shade of blush,” he explains, as if the DI were a child. John coughs to hide his laugh.
“I--What? Who? How did you--?” Her eyes widen again and her mouth drops open, adding more to the fish analogy. But she does not move from the door.
Still, they both know Moriarty is watching. For John it’s the frightening feeling that occupies him every day that everything they’re doing as precautions is nothing, that everything they do is simply playing into his hands. He’s a mouse, thinking he’s safe while Moriarty sharpens his claws and gets ready to pounce, just out of view.
This one is an hour later, when John is alone, and he turns his phone off, trying not to heave.
. “Did you… drug me?” he hisses at Sherlock, who still is watching him calmly. Now he can’t move anything aside his neck. “You… bastard…”
“Well…”
Enjoy xx.
I find myself smiling again. I’ve landed in a hospital, in an operating room, it seems. The locker I had seen on my way in has been moved, to hide the incriminating hole, I would think.
“Glad we’re in agreement,” Sherlock says, and takes John’s hand.
Then his own body tangles his legs around John’s waist, and he sees his lips form an ‘O’ and gasps, his eyes already half-closed with pleasure. This new perspective--seeing every inch of John’s profile, from his leg’s muscles tensing as he continually loses footing in the soft sheets, to the trembling of his arms, to the small, subtle movements of his spine as he moves against him--is absolutely intoxicating, to watch themselves intertwine and transform.
As he fell to the ground, he couldn’t help but turn his head and stare at his wrist, those blood spattered numbers still flashing before his eyes. Even as he went into shock, he stared, refusing to be pulled into unconsciousness, like his body was desperately trying to do.
Sherlock grunts, pouring himself some of the coffee John brewed and opening various cupboards to find the sugar (even though it is in the same cupboard it always is… Something else Sherlock Holmes, mastermind and owner of photographic memories has declined to stash away). “Before dawn.”
“...Do you love me?”
“She probably was reassigned to a more appropriate partner.”
17d03h37m
She looks him up and down, and frowns slightly at his fidgeting. “Are you alright, Watson?” she asks. “You seem on edge.”
John has just enough money to take a cab ride over to this new flat the following morning. He glances down to the Watch just as he opens the door. 92d03h45m. Perhaps this would be a short living arrangement, he thinks as he gets out, at just the same point Sherlock Holmes pulls up, and lets him in.
“And why should I?” Anderson’s voice becomes even more nasally in his question.
His mind goes over the night again, and something sticks in his head.
Thirty-five rungs later, my right foot hits water. I jump in surprise at the cold, flinching as a shiver runs through me. Perhaps I should have put on shoes before this endeavour. Too late now, I think as I lower my foot again. There’s ground about ankle deep, and I recoil again as I feel slime and dirt. Oh, this is disgusting. I plant both feet quickly down, before I can change my mind, shuddering.
“No,” John groans. “Tell me everything. I need to know.”
Lestrade scoffs, and this time he’s the one to smile apologetically to John. “Yes, I’m coming,” he says, turning and walking down the stairs, with Sherlock rushing down after him, while John stands, dumbfounded.
“No,” I murmur, looking down at my plate, momentarily distracted from any hunger.
There were a few people who in that time would find their Soulmate, although John only knew of a few couples. John burned with envy whenever he saw them kissing in the hall, or holding hands in classes.
Perhaps John thinks about it too much.
John ignores the message, ignores his heart pounding and the panic that reminds him too much of Afghanistan, puts on a smile and tries to listen to Mary discuss napkin arrangements.
One: Where am I?
Maybe if he had a better vantage point, he could see which cafe she was in…
Although Sherlock tells him not to, this whole business still bothers John well into the night, as he stares at his darkened numbers. 76d21h48m.
“Sir, yes Sir!” Two voices cry in unison before two men in the front salute and begin to march towards the alley I am hiding in.
“Who?” Lestrade asks incredulously. “Who the hell is Rachel?”
The dinner is simple, as it always is.
Sorry it's so short! But this really seemed like the only natural end, and it does kinda work... All about character development as John gets used to Sherlock in a new way. New case as soon as I get my act together!
Whatever the reason, I’m sure it cannot be anything less than sinister.
, he thinks, just about every hour, every time he looks at his Watch and sees that it’s one hour closer.
His heart is in his throat as he unlocks the door to their building. He doesn’t quite know what to say, how he’s going to say it.
“By the way, congratulations, John,” Mrs. Hudson calls behind him. John freezes, and turns back around. He can’t help but smile.
Eventually, the news story of the terrorist at large fades, the culprit is vaguely alluded to being some Heretical, anti-State insurgents. Within a few months the headlines turn back to celebrity pregnancies, controversial interviews given by heads of states.
“Before you get angry with me, I had no other choice,” he says. “You were hysterical. I had to take measures.”
There, Sherlock takes control again. He wraps his arms around John and covers his face in kisses, before pushing him onto the bed.
“I will,” he promises. “As soon as I get a break from patients.”
He looks down at his leg self-consciously. His physical therapy has been showing a huge improvement, and he thought his limp was becoming far less obvious (Sherlock had even said so the previous night.
And then all three of them are gone, leaving John backed up against the wall, feeling confused and slightly shellshocked from that whole exchange.
on earth he’s saying.
This just gets more and more interesting, I think, pushing the locker back into place with some difficulty. A passage from the sewers to a hospital, what on earth for? A smuggling operation? Stealing painkillers and selling them on the black market? Or something else?
He dresses carefully, for once meticulously making sure his collar was straightened and his tie was centered like Sherlock was always insisting he do. He glances down at the bed, where the detective now was sprawled out, still completely asleep.
“I said don’t say anything!” Sherlock snaps, whirling around to face John once more. “Just. Don’t.” He breathes out slowly, and John notices his hands clench into fists. The fear rises again.
He finds himself staring at his Watch as he retreats, as if it will give him some answer. 77d12h53m.
A deep, shuddering breath leaves the cab driver, and he shakes his head. “She’s dead. Long ago. Some john got his rocks off by blood, went too far… She was only thirteen.” A small sob leaves him, and he shakes his head. “My Rachel. I never even knew she existed.”
A week passes, and true to his word, Sherlock keeps mostly to himself. Occasionally he’ll kiss John’s head as he passes by, or wrap his arms around him tightly while the doctor is doing the dishes, but aside from that he lets John initiate everything.
“But he
The curtains remain shut.
“Wait, a madam?” Lestrade stops him. “You really think so? Because of her makeup?”
“Are you serious?” Sherlock laughs. “This person’s entire job description was to steal things without anyone noticing. Do you truly believe that they would have a record?”
Sherlock still has an ironclad grip on his arm, and pulls him into another exhibit, shouts and gunfire still roaring behind them. He yanks John into the wall closest to the doorway, and both men collapse against the wall, panting for breath.
My first thought is to immediately go down and explore. How can I be expected not to want to see the secret tunnel under the house I’ve come across?
Sharp, angry dissonant violin notes screech out above him, and John winces. Fuck. That… Sherlock really is in a bad mood.
After that, life slowly begins to improve, at least from a certain viewpoint. He rents an actual flat, works on more crime scenes, and has stopped indulging in illegal substances. Mostly.
Besides. John… misses him. All of him.
“Don’t scream!” I plead at her, holding up my hands in panic. I can’t risk having hospital security or superintendent come, especially if I could be arrested for trespassing (could I be arrested? I don’t have any memories for these sort of laws. Either I don’t know them, or I ignore them).
“No, Sherlock --” John gasps and pushes him away again. This time, Sherlock steps back. His face immediately grows concerned, and before he can start deducing whatever he’s trying to see, John speaks.
The excitement from just a moment ago is fading quickly, but John tries to strive forward. “We’re meant to be together, right?” he asks. “Shouldn’t we know the little things about each other? The things we’re afraid of, our dreams… Things like that?”
John swallows. “I don’t want to stop this,” he whispers.
“Do you think he’s going to do anything? At all?”
“Want to just lie in bed and have sex all day?” Sherlock’s question sends John’s train of thought to a screeching halt.
He catches sight of his chair, something Sherlock hadn’t thrown out with the rest of stuff, and blinks in shock as he sees that it’s been stabbed multiple times, the stuffing bleeding out.
“You think that you making me breakfast… Something selfless that you’ve never done before, is going to make me feel more at ease?” John chuckles. “On the contrary, now I’m thinking of what favour you may be asking for.”
It’s in third level that they discover that a single word can make a person cringe, and the joy that comes with seeing the despairing look in their victim’s eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mike shuffles on his feet, looking as uncomfortable as he would be in the days where a professor would demand an answer from him that he obviously didn’t know. “I… I don’t know,” he confesses. “Some days we’re fine. She loves James and Joey so much. But then there are times where she’ll just… scold me for days. About my weight, or my job or my glasses. And I’ll lose weight but it isn’t fast enough, or she doesn’t like how I hold Joey and…” he fades off, and John notices tears in his eyes.
The music stops, and Sherlock turns. His face is pensieve, proving John’s hypothesis, but he shakes his head.
“I’m a doctor!” he insists, pushing some people away as he reaches the girl. “Someone call emergency, and give us some space!”
Sure enough, Sherlock immediately launches into an explanation, with various sprinklings of insults at how no one else could see this. Something about her dress being wet, something about jewelry, something about the screen of her Watch being rubbed and scratched often.
John sucks in a breath. “Hi,” he murmurs.
It’s a through street, opening onto a much quieter, residential cul de sac. The houses are still cozily boxed together in the cold morning fog, most of their occupants asleep or letting the morning drift away. It gives off a relaxing, calm atmosphere, I think as I peek out.
“I’m fine. Just low blood sugar,” he says, perhaps too quickly. “I’ll see you in half an hour.”
He can’t help it. Mike was spared war during his service, and instead managed to find love.
“I--I don’t understand, how you know that, or why you would find it relevant,” she splutters, blinking wildly to get rid of the tears that are bordering on her eyelashes. “But, no, they didn’t. He’s missing, not dead, there’s still--Who are you?!” She still does not move, in fact leans harder against the door. I suppress a groan. So much for that, then.
John blinks. “Sherlock?”
“You don’t have a Watch,” he blurts. Sherlock blinks at him, still in mid-yawn.
John pushes him down slightly, so his head is resting on the pillow, puts a hand on Sherlock’s temple, and smiles softly at him, something warm in his eyes, that Sherlock has yet to figure out.
More specifically, they do not speak of if they love each other.
Sherlock chuckles. “You’re just irresistible, John,” he replies, and looks at John with such an expression that makes him want to kiss the other and start all over.
He wasn’t picky, just someone to sit next to him on the couch, and hold him as he cried.
He doesn’t even know what he is going to say. Or if Sherlock will even let him say it.
The clinic is dead, thank God. He’s in right on time at 9am, and his heart is in his throat. To pass the time and get rid of his nerves, he reorganizes his entire office, dusts the tops of the cabinets, reads over journals he has meant to go over for the last year.
He grunts in confusion, and Sherlock shifts, leaving John to fall onto the pillow.
“But, um, besides that, that was rather good,” John says. “Brilliant, really.”
To his surprise, Sherlock leans in and whispers in his ear. “Are covert operations a part of basic training in the military? Or is it only taught during deployment?”
John blinks, wrinkling his nose at hearing the slurs thrown about so easily. He glances to Sherlock again, who shrugs, and he clears his throat.
It seemed that Moriarty’s plan for Sherlock was more personal shame, to force him to sit on the answer, and let only the ones who mattered -- Scotland Yard, for instance -- to know that he hadn’t been able to solve the crime of the century.
And his worry is all for naught, because at five minutes to six, the doorbell buzzes, with the sound duration typical of John.
But this time it’s Sherlock’s turn to come first, and the way he silently gasps, and his muscles freeze under John’s fingers is enough for him to fall apart once more himself.
A prickle of anxiety touches at John’s stomach again. “Affections?” he repeats.
He doesn’t. It’s too late, anyhow.
“Yeah, actually,” John sneers, taking a step forward on his bad foot (at this point John still has a limp, but it’s fading. It’s fading fast), wincing, but not once losing the furious gleam in his eye. “I want you to shut the fuck up.”
“Oh, yes, it’s a rather difficult cycle. Her eye wanders, she leaves her happy bed with him, he finds out, she cries, they make up, he thinks they’re doing fine, all while she’s off with someone else, et cetera” Sherlock explains. “Obviously it’s taken a toll on him. He once asked me if his children were really his. I think the woman has driven him insane.”
Mike laughs, not seeming to notice John’s lapse. “Just wait till the kids arrive,” he jokes. “James is starting preschool, he’s talking a mile a minute, and Joe is throwing tantrums all the time. You don’t know multitasking until two toddlers are demanding your attention at the same time.”
“Erm, John Watson,” John quickly quickly says, holding out his right hand and giving the other an apologetic smile.
Sherlock gives him another judging look, this one even worse than the first. There’s a long pause, where at first Sherlock smiles and laughs, but all of that falls away when he sees John’s somber look.
Sherlock huffs loudly, cutting off the older man. “Fine, what are they?” he asks.
“Ah, there you are,” comes that weasley voice, right behind John, making him jump. “I was beginning to think you might be late.”
“A museum thief who doesn’t trip any alarms, and doesn’t show up on any security cameras,” Sherlock hums, the look on his face akin to a cat that’s caught sight of a mouse.
“Did anyone come in? Have you had any handymen come round? When did you leave? When was the house empty?”
The visits stop after a certain night, the details of which Sherlock has erased from his memory. All he can remember is a self-inflicted glass wound on his own hand, and his brother leaving with a black eye.
“Erm, I’m, ah, going to unpack,” he says, and Lestrade nods awkwardly in return, leaving John to limp over to his three boxes, among the assorted chaos that is Sherlock’s belongings here.
With a phone call and two words, the most brilliant and spectacular man John has ever known, the man he was
This one turned out to be much longer than I planned, and of course much of the writing of it happened during various changes in my life -- moving across the world, settling into new relationships, having deadlines for irl writing, etc. So! I apologize for the delay, and any obvious errors that appear.
“I wouldn’t care if you didn’t want to continue this,” he says, his voice still cold as ice. “If you didn’t feel attracted to me, if you even wished to let this change our relationship and cohabit here awkwardly. But that isn’t the issue here! You
95d05h29m, it reads. It’s been getting closer, ever since he’s gotten back to London, but not moving fast enough.
“Are you serious?” Lestrade asks. “Christ, what the hell am I supposed to do with him? Where the hell is he even going? Out of all the insane things he’s done…”
“It’s better than nothing,” John says with a nod, falling silent for a few moments, before what’s burning inside him can’t take it anymore. “Sherlock… did you really mean it when you said you… loved me?” Even the words coming out of his mouth felt wrong.
Within a few moments Sherlock is walking up the steps to some derelict building, and promptly gets into some heated argument with a police sergeant at the door, complete with a remark about her knees (something that goes over John’s head), he suddenly is forced to wonder what the hell they’re doing here.
He takes the tube home, needing to be away from a talkative taxi driver tonight. The sounds of people on their mobiles, the buzzing of the electric automatic train, they all fade into one incessant hum, one John tunes out, or tunes in, anything to keep from thinking of her face.
Or having the luxury of having a partner who just
be perfect, but something’s off, almost as if the man is missing a nose…
he sends to Sherlock, and quickly types in Mary’s number from his arm.
Love was designated for Soulmates. The countless flings he’s had through the years were purely physical. Why bother getting attached, when it would never amount to anything? There were misguided crushes on beautiful women who were so far beyond him in every way. And he was… him. Why would anyone bother to love
John freezes when he sees a man, impeccably dressed in a three piece suit, fiddling with a monitor on his wrist.
His mother smiled once more, and shook her head. “You’ll like girls someday, John Watson,” she teased him. “Just you wait.”
With confidence in this fact, John turns on the light for the front room, dimly lighting the foyer.
John feels dizzy, and before he can stop himself he dry heaves. He grips the end of the couch, trying very hard to keep his breathing under control.
“Dr. Watson, I’m surprised at you,” she grins. “Has that been what you’ve been working towards all evening?”
The silence weighs heavily in the air, no one daring to speak, no one daring to take their eyes off the two men staring each other down.
John stares at the text, his fingers hovering over the keyboard for several moments. It’s such a simple text. Nothing romantic in it. It’s rather rude, actually, he tries to remind himself. He shuts his eyes and sighs.
“Just getting water, darling,” John promises, kissing Sherlock’s nose as he slips out into the cold air.
He tries to pretend it’s a normal day. He cooks eggs, toasts bread, sits at the table and pokes at it with his fork. His stomach is knots, however, so it ends up in the trash.
Sherlock nods slowly, his solemn look transforming into another wicked smirk. “Want to see some more?”
His heart flutters now. He couldn’t help but feel excited.
It is a body, I see as I reach it. He’s lying on his stomach, and is in an army uniform. I lean down and roll him to his back.
He doesn’t want to go home. Moods for Sherlock last up to twelve hours, there’s no way he isn’t still fuming about this.
. He plays his violin alone, he eats (on the rare occasions that he remembers) alone, and when he sleeps, he sleeps alone. Alone is what protects him.
Sherlock Holmes figures out at a young age that Love does not get you anywhere.
“A bit of improvisation,” Mycroft confesses. “I apologize if it troubled you at all. Two decades of working for the State can certainly hone one’s interrogation skills, and it’s quite easy to see which technique is the most suitable for which people, and I certainly needed to meet you. As I said, I worry about him.”
Dinner with Mary is lovely. Her laugh is infectious, and the way she crinkles her nose makes John’s heart melt.
John grins, unable to help it. “At least you’ve got your wife to help out with that, yeah?”
John drags them both onto the bed, at the foot, with Sherlock lying on his back, and his feet still planted on the floor. The way John is kissing him and touching him, it’s obvious he wishes to make love right here, but Sherlock squirms away and shakes his head.
! It’s
It might be a while before I upload the next chapter - I'm currently working on an original story (weird, huh?) and that is taking priority. I promise, though, that I won't stop with this one!
But one of them opens with a shaking creak, and they’re sucked into the old institution. John follows after Sherlock and the inspectors, feeling useless as they’re ushered into the Expressionist wing. There’s no body, no use for a medical doctor here, but Sherlock had insisted.
“I could have you here, if you’d like. I could make you scream against the wall, and no one would have to know.” His lips ghost John’s, his breath making the doctor’s hair stand on end.
They are the most miserable years of his life.
It’s really the only way Sherlock will answer him, because the subtle hints and questions John
With that, he takes a large gulp of his final dregs of coffee, and begins to stand. “Unfortunately, I cannot stay for much longer. I still have to speak to Parliament later this afternoon… And I haven’t looked at my speech yet.”
The story of Soulmates was first told to John by his mother.
Another text comes in while he wallows in this thought:
Soon, they take to the classified parts of the paper, finding a new flat all to themselves. Mary had only been in this one for four months, but she’s excited to be out. John can’t blame her. Her flatmate is the quietest woman he’s ever met, and looks offended at each noise. Fittingly, Mary tells him she’s a librarian.
“And breakfast tomorrow? We’re down to our last two eggs.”
Sherlock stares at him. When John talks to someone, be it Greg, a witness, or even a waiter during their after-case-dinners, he can see Sherlock watching him at the corner of his eye, looking as if he wishes to
"I'd like to know what he's getting up to. That information would be very valuable for me. So valuable, that I'd be willing to pay you grand sums for you to provide me with information. Not anything so personal," he adds when he sees John's irate face. "Just his whereabouts. What cases he's working on. Who he sees."
“Yes,” John gasps, nodding with every ounce of strength he has left.
He can feel Sherlock’ eyes on him, analyzing his shame, but before the detective can remark on it, a dark haired man in a pressed suit steps in front of them on the sidewalk, taking both of their attention away from what they had just been discussing.
The next morning he has to turn it back on before heading to work, and another dreaded message is there.
What would she look like?
“When you meet your Soulmate, the countdown reaches zero,” she explained softly.
He misses, and the figure dashes into the shadows.
“Nicola, two coffees! And make them double,” Moriarty calls to the old man behind the bar, who nods and waves awkwardly to John. He looks incredibly uncomfortable.
“It’s different! This is wrong, unnatural--”
“Don’t,” Sherlock seethes. “Don’t speak.” He steps back, and drops his hand, but his motions seem robotic, sudden, jerky, not the fluid grace they usually are filled with.
Another shot rings out, and this one John swears he can hear fly by his head. He tries to turn and take aim, but he doesn’t have a shot, not without putting multiple priceless paintings at risk.
were the one who cornered me in the bath, remember?” he jerks John closer to him, their noses almost touching. “I’m sorry I have to be the one to tell you this, John, but there’s no going back from that. If I’m a deviant fiend destined for Hell, you’re going to be right beside me.”
The illusion is ruined anyway, when a car honks faintly from the street below, and Sherlock grunts again, moving after a moment closer to John, tucking his head underneath his chest.
Thanks for the patience everyone! Slowly but surely this story is chugging along.
He races through the building, shouting Sherlock’s name, floor after floor. What if he got the wrong building? What if it’s too late?
Oh. I’ve been holding my breath. I let the air out of my lungs, and take a large, sharp inhale of the cold, fresh air. It stings my dry throat, yet it’s a beautiful relief.
Already Sherlock has forgotten the hopelessness of the Ithacan wife, and is humming a new tune, making sure everything is presentable for his lover’s visit. He’s even more excited, because he has a plan for tonight. One that he won’t tell John, of course, because the other would only laugh at him, or maybe give him a strange look, and refuse.
The sound of a gunshot unbridled by a silencer bursts through the entire room, and John hardly has the time to react before Sherlock grips his arm, and they change directions, now becoming the chased.
“Yes, it does!”
“Not really.” The voice is soft, more so than John has ever heard. In the moonlight, Sherlock’s face is even more statuesque and mythical, shadows curl up under his nose and slide along his cheekbone. The sight takes him aback, just for a moment. Something churns in his stomach, and he can feel every drop of blood in his veins.
“And what does ‘Rach’ mean?” John asks. The two men look at him, as if they both forgot he was there.
“Alright, here you are, dear,” Mrs. Hudson’s voice comes from behind me, holding a meager plate of roast in her mittened hands. God, it smells delicious. She sets it down, and cuts me a slice.
They stay like that for several moments, the both of them clinging to each other. Dizziness falls over John, and he leans them both back to lie down across the length of the couch, his arms still around Sherlock.
“Ah… Congratulations,” John says quickly to save himself. “How long?”
those eyeballs--!”
She listens, when he explains his relationship with Sherlock, rubs his back when he says he still misses him a lot, kisses him when tears prickle at the corners of his eyes.
“How do you even know to access these sites?” John demands.
When John falls asleep on the couch one afternoon, he hears Sherlock grilling Mrs Hudson on the stair.
When Mike first leads him to the lab, John is immediately struck by the man standing over a pipette. Struck is a bit of an understatement, actually, but he’d never admit that. The porcelain pale skin, the shining blue eyes, and dark curly hair reminds John of an old china doll his sister used to have, even down to the curved lips. Beautiful, yet peculiar, and slightly terrifying, like those sweeping eyes would never look away from you, even if you fell asleep. And there’s a strange sensation inside him, something John can’t quite explain.
He’s silent, until the dark haired detective hands him his plate and mug of coffee, and sits down himself.
They never outwardly say they love each other. They can’t, it would ruin everything about them. Certainly they both know it, each of them has caught the other in the middle of a loving glance, but to say it would be to admit defeat.
“Was it not dangerous while you did it?” he asks quietly, running his fingers down Sherlock’s chest.
John whimpers as Sherlock pulls down his trousers and pants, and looks him right in the eye as he licks up the entire length of his cock.
“The cameras don’t look at the ceiling either,” Sherlock says. “John, is there a special assignment in the army for covert operations? Where sneaking in and out of dangerous locations would be the entire job description?”
The man is still grinning. “But of course. But if you change your mind--”
He then blinks, not recognizing the large man in front of him.
John blinks in surprise, and looks around in confusion. Did he miss something? Lestrade doesn’t look as if this is anything out of the ordinary, so John isn’t left with much except to limp down the stairs after him.
The room is clean and dark, even with the light on, smells of dust, yet is perfectly kept. There are no personal effects, just a mahogany wardrobe, and across the room, a white-sheeted queen bed with a metal frame. Anything else that may have been here was taken out long ago.
was fantastic. But even then, when she fell asleep beside him, his eyes would wander to his Watch. If the number had gone up since he’d last checked, he'd wince, and wonder if perhaps he truly was being punished for sleeping with someone before he had met his Soulmate.
And, in a case of rare consideration, Sherlock even turns his head away as John slips out of bed, allowing the doctor some privacy as he awkwardly slips out of the room naked.
After a few more notes, it’s clear that this isn’t stopping anytime soon, and John huffs and gets up, wandering downstairs sleepily.
He catches sight of his own eyes, and stares at himself. When had he gotten such dark circles under his eyes? Had he always felt this tired?
Perhaps that’s why she’s taken me in.
Another pursed frown makes its way onto Lestrade’s face, and he shakes his head, tapping something on his screen again. “What’s connecting the chairman of a nonprofit committee, a widowed octogenarian, an estate lawyer, and a madam?” he asks, shaking his head.
It hasn’t, and John tries to concentrate on finishing the meal while Sherlock nuzzles into his neck again and holds him from behind.
He heads inside. He’s halfway up the stairs when he hears the front door open and shut again. Dammit. He’d been hoping that he could avoid the other.
But Sherlock ignores him, and has already gotten onto a webpage. It still looks mostly like code, and has little formatting, but while John squints in confusion, Sherlock appears to completely understand it.
“No offence, sir, but I do hardly know you. I would feel uncomfortable telling you all of my thoughts on the matter. It’s a rather sacred moment, after all, I wouldn’t even know where to begin to tell you.”
The man also freezes at the sight of John, his eyes wide as if he’s seen a ghost.
But, it is a start.
Sherlock stares back at him, unsure of what to say. No one has ever apologised to him. He’s always the one to apologise. What does one say to that?
There’s that churning feeling again. It’s like the feeling he would get when that blonde nurse would make eye contact with him during hospital rounds all those years ago, the one who was
After three drafts, he gives up. Nothing through text will convey what he’s thinking. It was too impersonal, and Sherlock could just ignore it.
John could see it -- a young Sherlock, with his dark billowing coat, giving an officer an innocent look that wouldn’t have fooled them at all.
This apparently pleases Moriarty, who smirks. “That is true,” he admits. “Alright, Dr. Watson, I’ll stop badgering you about it. But I will offer you my premature congratulations.”
Twenty-three seconds! Where was she?! His eyes scan the people standing around, the group of nurses in the corner smoking, the medical students with their textbooks open, no, she’d surely be searching for him too, wouldn’t she?
When he wakes up again an hour or so later, Sherlock and his act no longer seems so frightening. Being alone for a bit did help, it seems.
John can’t help but step closer to watch the screen with Lestrade, as it lights up and shows a small map, with a purple dot in the centre, presumably where they are now. Sherlock taps a few points into it as he moves away from the window.
The previous evening’s events come rushing back to me. My name is Edward Teach and I have amnesia. I am currently in a bedroom on Baker Street...221, I remember seeing the engraving on the door as I was led in. But what the hell was that noise? I doubt that Mrs. Hudson is up at this hour, or that she would make such noise if she were.
John drools when he sleeps. Or, at least whenever Sherlock has the luck to see him sleep. Which admittedly, is not often.
“It’s my name on the lease, it’s my flat, I get to decide if you stay or not,” Sherlock snaps.
“... Given the style of the dress, and the levels of makeup on her face, she also had to be some sort of madam--”
John nods, leaning forward with a bit of excitement. “What did you want to be when you were a kid?” he continues. “What was your dream job back then?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Mrs. Hudson was silent for a moment. “As I said, he was making a fuss all night,” she says. “I’ll wire you the money, John, I don’t think it’d be a wise idea for you to come back round here.”
Sherlock climbs back into the bed. “He already has.” John laughs loudly at that, and Sherlock loves it.
As if it were that easy.
He watches through squinted eyes as Sherlock grabs his mobile, just as another ping lights up the screen. The blue light illuminates his face in a sickly glow.
In the few moments it takes Lestrade to think, Sherlock pulls out his computer, and starts up the square screen. After some tapping, the Scotland Yard logo appears, and he holds it out for Lestrade to connect.
John jolts awake with a gasp, trying to wake up in enough time to find the bomb, keep it from going off, keep his men alive.
Whew! Thanks everyone for getting through that. As always, comments and questions are always welcome.
Sherlock looks just as shocked that he’s said this as well, and they stare at each other, heaving, for a single moment.
Who the hell would they be expecting to be here?
At that moment, he honestly believed he would die. In the final moments, before he was forced under sedation for surgery, he prayed. He prayed to a god he hadn’t believed in in years, one he still didn’t believe in.
“Do you like men?”
Sherlock jolts in surprise, loosening his grip, and John takes the opportunity to shove him as far away as he can.
“Erm… Yes, Afghanistan,” he says carefully. The cab driver chuckles coughing and covering his mouth. John can see that his Watch has been removed, with the ‘C’ branded beside his wrist.
He still loves Sherlock too, but, he doesn’t think that will go away, ever. Just a small part of him, locked away in the corner of his mind, still loves him.
He jolts awake from a nightmare at just the crack of dawn, and groans to himself, falling back on his bed and reflexively checking his Watch.
That could be the last time he ever kisses Sherlock, John realizes, but forces himself not to go back and give him a proper smooch on the lips. That would jeopardize everything that was supposedly going to happen today.
John can’t even see his face fully, they’re so close, and even as he shoves at Sherlock, the other man won’t give.
“Too bad.” I reach around her to grab the doorknob, but she covers it with her body before I can turn it.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow, and that dastardly smirk grows. “What?” he asks with a low chuckle. “Did you think I was a virgin?”
As she says it, John knows that she’s right, but the words make his heart sink. Never seeing Sherlock again, all because he’d been stupid, let this go too far, didn’t tell the other that this was coming soon, whatever the hell it was that made Sherlock so insane.
Now they’re longing, horrid dreams, in which John is searching, but never finding. They are reminiscent of his army dreams, in that he wakes in a cold sweat, with a sinking feeling in his stomach.
He looks furious. No,
“So we just… continue on as normal?” he asks.
The man is completely still, except for the breaths leaving his chest in an increasing rate. His eyes are wide, and his mouth is just slightly open, and he’s staring at John with an almost deranged look. He doesn’t look angry, or upset. He looks… like a wild animal, starving, or one who’s just realized a lion is charging at it.
Sherlock’s lips set into a scowl. “What purpose would it be to me?”
It’s these types of thoughts that run through his head through the rest of the evening, but he tries to keep himself distracted, forcing normalcy to keep it all away. He makes dinner. He boxes up some of it for Mary. He reads a bit. But the thoughts still do come in.
“Did you love Irene Adler?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Has he ever caressed anyone? Has he ever held someone in his arms late at night, pressing kisses to their sweaty brow, and cooed sweet promises to them that would be forgotten and broken by morning?
Either way, Sherlock forgives him, and takes his hands with a warm smile, leading him into the flat.
They sit in silence for some time, the woman still tapping seriously at whatever her monitor says, while John stares at her. He’s practically shaking with energy, annoyance and frustration at Sherlock, and some weird pent up sexual energy as well, which he decides not to look too much into.
It’s in the third level that Sherlock learns that people are not good. That human kindness and goodness are myths, and that the pain will go away if he shuts everyone out and never attempts to have friends.
You absolute sod
Greg rolls his eyes, but completes the motion with a nod, and they’re off.
insulting the man who’s going to catch you a murderer? A bit rude, don’t you think? If I were him, I’d leave you all stranded here, with the next victim due to turn up in three days. So, do actually use your skull before you open your mouth, or, even better, don’t open it at all.”
Now, though, with those soft, dreamy breaths,
John swallows. There’s nothing more he can say. Sherlock’s lost his mind.
Instead, they tease each other. See how many creative ways they can avoid the question while answering it fully. Sherlock is winning. John is sore about it.
Somewhere in the recesses of John’s mind, he hears the entrance doors being thrown open and more shouts, gunfire, but they take a backseat to Sherlock’s talented mouth.
“Er… No, it’s -- it’s your room anyway. I’ll go into my own room. But, um, yeah, you’re right, maybe, if you could give me a bit of space…” His voice is getting quieter, something that John despised. “Check back when you return?”
But Sherlock shakes his head, surprising John. “It wasn’t suicide,” he states.
Sherlock whirls around to face John, and suddenly slams his fist against the table in front of him so hard John has to wonder if he’s hurt himself. “How are you so blind to this, when everyone else,
“But if he knows --”
John stares at him for about a minute, then finally nods and takes the water.
“Pitchers have ears,” Sherlock mutters, dropping the thing and grinding his heel into the microphone.
As he does so, he realises that the body beside him is masculine.
“I--I’m sorry,” John pants when he reaches him. “I just-- I need to ask you something-- Are… Are you happy? With her? Your wife?”
Sirens blare in the distance.
John takes the opportunity to go to the kitchen, to get some water. His heart is pounding, and it takes an enormous amount of willpower to just turn his wrist to face him.
Without thinking, he runs after the other.
“I’m finding our criminal, isn’t it obvious?”
The man’s smile widens and he shrugs. “It’s not as if you were going to introduce me, how else would I know whether he’d be good for you?” he asks. “I did promise to protect you, did I not?”
Sherlock finally pulls away, enough for just the slightest bit of blood to go back to circulating in John’s body, and he takes the opportunity to gain some control back, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and pushing him back as they kiss again.
“I was
“Edward Teach,” I say casually, offering her a smile. “A pleasure, now, if you’d mind, you’re in front of the door. I’d also appreciate a torch, and a ball of twine, if you have those.”
“How is all of this going to change?” he blurts out, then realizes what he’s said has made no sense. “I mean… Is it just going to be what we were before, with sex?”
He’s almost shocked when Sherlock allows him to finish that sentence, but the other looks absolutely flabbergasted, and he barks out a laugh before John can continue his tirade.
“I’ll see you soon?” he asks.
John gasps, his eyes locked with the detective's, his porcelain doll man, as the other man undoes John’s trousers, and pulls them down.
“Oh!”
The very first time had been when he was almost too young to remember. He had crawled into her lap with tears in his eyes, still in pain from when the doctor had first placed the Watch in his wrist. The pain was too much for his young mind to understand, and he looked up at her with frightened eyes, asking silently why all of this was necessary.
him, would be foolish.
He can smell Mrs. Hudson cooking onions, something that makes his stomach growl and churn at the same time. He takes a large breath on the landing, full of that delicious scent, and presses forward, going quickly. Sherlock will not have the elated feeling of Mary’s flatmate, he knows how the man feels about Soulmates, but surely he will understand that this is necessary. He must know this won’t go on forever. He’ll be disappointed. They’ll probably fight again. But tomorrow morning he’ll understand.
But he does also recall a rumor after he’d moved for uni that the same teacher had been arrested for anti-State Conspiracy.
John glances to the blacked out pixels and laughs. “Yeah, it was just a few months ago.”
. That’s what Sherlock said, right? He’s done this for more than a decade, perhaps he knows.
“Sherlock,” John repeats, fear starting to build in his gut. He wasn’t expecting this. What is he supposed to do with this? “I know you aren’t--”
John chuckles. “Glad to hear that, at least,” he says. “And what are you going to be doing today?”
Embarrassingly, he was almost surprised by it. He’d known there was a large chance that it would happen, but after living on the battlefield, the risk of sudden death became mundane; the bullet piercing through his shoulder had been a rude awakening more than anything.
“I’m afraid I don’t have any room in my flat, dear. I’ll give you back half your rent for the month, as it’s only half out if you’d like, but I can’t do much else for you.”
People have slowed to stare at me. The sight of a vagrant is much less common to them, I suppose, given that they’ve created an almost biblical parting around me as they walk past. Too much attention, I need to get out of sight.
He was thinking of a female version of Sherlock.
“It’s going to be --” he tries to console her.
Sherlock appears to be more well adjusted, as he always does. He walks casually along the wings of the museums, glancing about as if looking for a taxi. John follows after him, and doesn’t even notice how far they’ve wandered until they’re deep within a gallery. The police are posted all near the entrances, and he and Sherlock are at least a floor up, far into an exhibit.
“Of course,” he murmurs, cupping John’s face. “We’ll give it a rest for a few days.”
Of course, he has to be, with Sherlock as a partner. Otherwise, they’d never get any cases done. Their teamwork reminds Sherlock of the various cop movies he saw in uni, the good cop, bad cop routine. Completely idiotic and dramatic.
This is it. This is what he needs.
0029s, it reads, flashing, counting down as he stares. He’d never seen it on seconds before, he hadn’t even
At the time, John had thought nothing of his mother’s quiet tone and faraway look. He only thought of how close he was to his mother, and of how much he adored her. Those moments, late at night, were the only time that he had her all to himself, without Harry also vying for her attention.
It is as perfect as Sherlock thought it would be.
“What’s your medical opinion?” he hears Sherlock from behind him, knocking him out of his thought process. He looks up to see both the porcelain detective, and the real detective staring at him, expecting some answers.
It can’t be more of another few moments of silence, but it feels like an eternity before Sherlock speaks again. “Mr. Jefferson, I’m sorry to have to say this, but I am going to have to turn you in for this,” he sighs, sounding truly regretful.
A smirk comes onto Sherlock’s face, making him look positively demented. “Do you believe that I’m a deviant?” he just about purrs.
“Why did you do that?” Sherlock asks, on the cab ride back. “You didn’t have to do that.”
After he’s shot, he’s packed up and sent back to London at shocking speed. It’s all just a blur of morphine and bureaucratic papers, and official notice that he was being honorably discharged.
He ignores it, no matter how much he wants it, he stays silent and faithful, to Mary, because he still loves her, and it would not be fair to her.
"Oh?" John snaps, knowing where this is going.
No, that’s too much.
Lestrade has an annoyed look as he turns on his monitor. “How he’s finding his victims. There’s no sign of struggle in any of these cases, yet people don’t just willingly go to their deaths like this.”
“More like ‘keeper,’” Sherlock mutters, having retrieved a coat and a scarf from the mess. “Look, are we going, or not? At this rate there will be another body when you stop talking.”
“Dammit!” the man huffs a few moments later, making John jump. “I’ve completely overlooked the variable of heat! I’m going to need to start all over, it won’t -- no, wait, my bedroom doesn’t get direct sunlight, the windowsill will be cooler.” Before John can wrap his head around what’s happening, Sherlock is suddenly out of the room, disappearing with the petri dish in hand.
Sherlock doesn’t bother him again.
Completely insane, up to Bedlam standards. Anyone who can somehow read minds, or for whatever reason
John swallows, unease building inside of him. That wasn’t true. He fought a good cause, to keep this nation safe, to stop militants from invading them…
“Run her fingerprint, see for yourself.”
He and John have just barely come from that point in their relationship. When they’d first started making love, it was so careful and shy, almost fragile: not as if either believed the other could break (after all they’d been through, that would never be the case), but more that they thought if they moved too hard, kissed too passionately, they would awaken and be alone once more. It must have been what Pygmalion felt when he first touched the warm flesh of his Galatea. The morning after their first night together had been the first and only time Sherlock had seen John blush and stammer, and they both had danced around each other, seeing their clothes but only imagining the flesh and body underneath.
“Oh, calm down, John. No one’s going to notice, and I’m not buying anything. The pieces he stole have already been bought. I need to get an idea of the supply and demand for these markets, how often one would need to steal if they were trying to make a living off of it.”
“What?” Sherlock shouts, throwing his hands up like in a shrug, a comical and deranged smile on his face. “She’s your Soulmate, right? The woman you’re
John shrugs, feeling a bit nervous now. “I realise I don’t actually know. It’d probably come in handy, right?”
John thinks as he whimpers and squirms once more, but nods regardless.
“Mike Stamford!” the man exclaims, a warm smile on his face. “From med school!”
He groans, moving onto his back. He’s torn between killing the man, or praising him. It’s beautiful, longing, perfect… But Jesus Christ it’s four in the morning!
But they do not notice me. They walk right past me. The moment they reach halfway across the street, the two men stop their march, relax into an everyday man’s gait, let their arms cradle their guns casually, and chuckle with each other. I find myself drawn to follow them, although I haven’t a clue why.
“Do you have much time?” she asks, breaking John out of his thoughts. “I just got off shift.”
What the hell is he doing? Sherlock made it quite clear that he didn’t want anything more to do with him, hadn’t he?
There is a look of serenity about him whenever he sleeps, one that does not exist when he’s conscious, even when he’s relaxed and happy. John Watson carries the weight of the world, and only relinquishes it when he leaves the conscious earth for a while.
In Which Waking Up is More Traumatic Than Remembered, and Tea is Not to be Trusted
His body starts to go cold as he realizes that Sherlock is truly done with him.
John gasps again, and he struggles to remember what he was going to say. “C-can we talk?” he manages, all the while pulling Sherlock closer to him.
“Again… Do you think I’m a deviant?” Sherlock repeats.
Perhaps she has grandchildren, who stay with her sometimes, and leave their clothes in the drawers so they don’t have to pack next time they visit. This scenario seems strangely familiar to me, and the scent of warm, salty sand comes with it.
“I didn’t mean to,” she whimpers, the pain she’s feeling obvious in her voice. “I didn’t want to hurt it… I couldn’t… I couldn’t… I’m sorry sir… I didn’t want it…”
right, why did John ever pretend that wasn’t the case?
He also still doesn’t ask the questions that burned in his mind so many years before. He could so easily, reach out a hand, ask any of the fiery questions that still occupy almost every moment of being with Sherlock.
I turn off my light, to see if it’s not just a reflection. It isn’t. Rays of sunlight are pouring in, shining on a mass, lying in the middle of the light.
John squirms, unsure of how to react to those words still.
“Today I met--”
Feedback always welcome <3
“Very.”
He throws the shirt to the ground, and John revels in that sight, letting it fill his mind, and Sherlock takes his hand.
, surely he should feel more than this?
But, so far as I’ve noticed, it seems my character likes to ignore these signs.
As if that was any consolation, John thinks as he gets out of the car as well. She did have a point, though. There had been no force involved in taking John here, and he can’t see any form of such anywhere nearby. It seems that he has freedom to leave whenever he wishes, but they both know that by now he’s too curious to do so.
Tonight it's John who first breaks, as it usually is. He jumps up from his chair and lunges at Sherlock, his eyes wild and hungry--a complete contrast compared to the gentle care and delicacy he has when he takes the bow and violin from Sherlock's hand to set it on the table (once John had thrown the instrument to the floor in his excitement, which had made Sherlock so distressed and angry that nothing more had happened that night, and John learned his lesson immediately).
John sighs, not knowing what Greg wants. He pockets his phone, accepting Greg Lestrade as another friendship he has to lose because of this.
“What? Molly, the case won’t be closed unless--!” Lestrade starts, rushing after her, just as Sherlock doubles in the same direction with a shout of, “I
He proposes to her, and he would know it had been only five weeks shy of three years that Sherlock was dead, if he looked.
CHAPTER 5: In Which Our Hero Sees a Familiar Face, Makes an Escape, and The Plot Grows More Insidious
I eat the remainder of the meal incredibly fast, and find myself sitting politely as she still works on her plate, perhaps out of politeness, or maybe because I don’t know what else to do.
When he went into his mandatory deployment service in his twenty-fifth year, and was subsequently called to serve in the current war, it still was there. Whenever he had long patrols that lasted for hours, when the food was hideous, or when he was unable to sleep because the screams wouldn’t leave his head, the pixels whirring in his arm would let him block it all out, just for a few moments. He would find her. He would find her when they finally would send him home, and all the nightmares and pain and loneliness would disappear once he was in her arms.
John stares in shock, his heart picking up speed. “Pardon?” he asks, forcing his voice to it’s regular volume.
Not remembering. Amnesia. That’s what it’s called. Retrograde amnesia, losing the memories of before an event, caused by the brain shaking, destroying its tissues, or by the conscious decision of the mind to forget an event.
“I told you --”
Surprisingly, they don't have sex that night.
“Now go on, get out of here before one of my superiors sees you,” he finally says, making a sweeping motion with his hand.
before running off.
Five--
“Ah, John,” he smiles, glancing up to John. “Right on time. Very important, you know. It speaks to personality greatly.”
Sherlock peeks up at him from the pillow, lifting his head just slightly. He’s quiet as his eyes dart this way and that, and John wants to squirm, avoid that scrutiny he knows Sherlock is putting him through.
Now Mary does look very confused. “Why are you asking?” she asks. “Are you okay?”
“I-- of course I knew that! But there were movies and shows about space! I loved watching the stars. I thought they were amazing, and that’s what I wanted to see them up close. I didn’t really think about whether or not I actually could.”
“May I do the grocery shopping first?” John teases, squeezing the hand and leaning against his hand to smirk at Sherlock. “Won’t want any distractions after all, will we?”
Until two weeks later, when
He doesn’t bother to contact the other, as he figures that Sherlock doesn’t want much to do with him now that Mary is in the picture, understandably. And, given that he has received no texts from Greg detailing Sherlock's
,” he mutters.
good, the pleasure sending waves throughout every nerve he has in his body.
He steps in front of the mirror to take stock of himself. He looks the same as when he walked in, the same man he’s always been, a man who’s been capable of this from the beginning.
(“That’s idiotic, John,” Sherlock informs him the following morning. “For starters, Snow White wasn’t woken by a kiss, it was the apple being dislodged from her throat when they dropped her coffin...”).
A grateful sigh escapes him, and he pulls Sherlock into a kiss. The other man pauses, longer than what John would have expected, but then a hum emits from his throat, and he wraps his arms tightly around John’s back and pulls him closer.
Before Sherlock, John has never even considered doing such a thing with a man, yet they did it, and… It felt just as natural as anything.
“Look towards me, Narcissus,” he says, then bends down to kiss Sherlock with warm, loving lips.
Throughout all his life, Sherlock just wanted someone. Someone to be there, who would stay, even through his tantrums, his idiosyncrasies and mood swings, and his anger at most of life.
After so many years of building up walls to keep out the rest of the world, it’d be a shame to bring them all down now, after so much work. To make an exception for John, just because he
He’s frightened too.
The tunnel twists and turns, and I stumble blindly along, grasping onto the brick walls to keep from falling into the fetid water.
In that moment John’s mind goes completely blank. All the things he’s wanted to say, things he’s planned on saying at this precise time all disappear as he stares at Mary, takes her in.
Sherlock looks excited to leave as well, as he’s at the door in almost three strides. John follows as usual, but he’s a step or two more behind than he would be usually. It’s as if there’s some forcefield around Sherlock, one that if John steps into, he’ll have to think of what they’d just done, and how the other’s lips had felt against his own, how he had tasted.
“Apologise to him,” John says, authoritatively, simply. An order. He stands with his spine straight in a military fashion, and crosses his arms.
Which, of course, brings up the obvious question: Am I a homosexual? It seems like a logical possibility, I had no arousal at the half naked woman last night, nor any stirrings at seeing an attractive nurse this morning, yet I find myself glossing over this man’s body with interest. Hm. Fascinating… That does give a bit of a motive for resentment of me, I suppose.
He doesn’t sleep. From the looks of Sherlock at the kitchen table the following morning, neither has he.
I nod, keeping my eyes on the plate, my mouth watering painfully at the prospect. She directs me to a chair at the table, and places the biscuits and the mug of tea in front of me.
Fourteen. He takes the risk, and walks towards the shop faces. The countdown continues, he must be on the right track.
Now that he admitted this, he also had to confess that, yes, he could not go back on that fantasy. For the first time, he truly wished Sherlock had been a woman, because then they surely would have been Soulmates.
The twenty minutes barely gets them out of their respective childhoods. John stays quiet for the most part, as he doesn’t want to ruin the moment by describing his various early life traumas that would come up if he spoke unadulterated about it. But he listens, or at least tries to as best he can with how his heart is pounding and his mind is racing. It’s happening. It’s finally happening, he’s finally met her… Is this how it’s supposed to go? Are they supposed to know how to talk to each other? Or is awkwardness the natural way? Is there supposed to be some spark where he knows this is right? Is he a Conspirator just for wondering all these thoughts?
“No one else knows!” Sherlock faces John again, his eyes wide. He sucks in a deep breath. “I meant what I promised. I’ve done everything I can to ensure no one else knows about us.”
“Yeah,” John says softly, surprised to say it, but it’s true. “Better than I have in a while.” Since he’d come home from Afghanistan.
At that cue, John tilted his head up to look at the ceiling.
“Moriarty knows,” he chokes out. “I saw him today, he knows --”
John stumbles out onto the street, his heart in his throat now. The thought of eating honestly was making him want to dry heave right there, but he also knows that on an empty stomach he might do something stupid in front of his Soulmate, like faint.
There’s a rich sweet taste, before the bitterness of black coffee explodes in his mouth. He swallows it, and nods. He has to admit, it is a good cup.
“But then I was arrested. Theft. Was just supposed to be a six month sentence, and we had a plan that she would go, and I’d join her…” He pauses, and if it weren’t for the circumstances John would feel compelled to comfort him. “But he found out, somehow. He
His mind screams at her as he rocks her.
I shudder and try to dismiss the thought from my head as I work the gated metal open. It is quite difficult, it seems that the metal has rusted to the cogs, making it almost impossible to move. I pull with all my might.
John doesn’t dignify that with a response, and remains stubbornly silent throughout the drive. It’s only when they step out, and he follows after Sherlock’s long, swift gait, that his mind is forced to relax somewhat. He wishes to remain angry, of course, but there’s something about how determined the other man looks that softens his heart.
But that’s okay. He survives, it doesn’t hurt anymore.
“Christ,” John mumbles, glancing up to see Sherlock staring at the window the shot came from. Even without seeing his face, he knows what the question is, because John’s thinking it as well.
“She’s given me my two boys… They’re the light of my life, and she’s a fantastic mother to them--”
Now, he finds himself dissecting and overanalyzing every interaction he has with Mary, comparing her to Sherlock. It’s not fair, he knows.
And just like that, something crashes over John, and he takes the three strides to Sherlock, grabs his shoulder, and collides their lips together.
“Yeah, I got fat.”
John swallows, feeling his eyes burn with tears that he desperately tries to wipe away. He wants so desperately to believe that… “Then how does Moriarty know?” he asks.
Sure enough, after a night of more sleuthing (which really consisted of Sherlock tracking whoever this was, and John sitting beside him with a cup of tea, endlessly fascinated with the process), Sherlock determined that there would be a break in at the Historical Museum of Art, which only had a few works from the era this criminal was obsessed with, but was more high profile, something that was alluring for an ambitious thief.
What the hell was Sherlock doing?
John stares at him, unable to believe it for a moment. No sarcasm, no rude scoff or eye roll… Did Sherlock actually understand him here?
“No,” Sherlock says immediately. “These crimes are personal. He chooses poisons that take time, that hurt. He probably watches them die. This isn’t a vigilante.”
is getting used to it, to not seeing that dark haired man when he comes home, or hearing about some long winded scientific hypothesis.
“I just don’t understand. Is contraception so difficult to get these days?,” John whispers after the fact, lying in Sherlock’s arms.
“Damn my leg!” he snaps, more at the world than at his new landlady, but she just happens to be in the room, and jumps.
Damn. Of course. But had he really wished to make a move on a woman, who for all he knew is planning on killing him?
Which Sherlock doesn’t believe is fair. His inquiry is perfectly natural, and there is no harm done with watching oneself make love; it’s not as if he’s filming it.
“We really do,” the other chuckles. “I’m on my way to give a lecture to a bunch of bright, attractive want-to-be-doctors who have yet to be broken by the world. By the way, congratulations.” He nods to John’s left wrist, which is leaning against the front desk counter.
He steps in gingerly. “Hey,” he calls out to Sherlock, who’s slouching on the couch, reading some medical journal.
“He does that,” someone says behind him, and John turns to see Lestrade pocketing his monitor and shaking his head.
They sat there happily for another half an hour, chatting casually about the year ahead, how Mike hadn’t written to either of them all holiday so he’d probably forgotten how to use a quill, and predominantly how the two of them had wasted their entire summer.
“Sherlock?” John called, rushing forward.
Sherlock grimaced as he started staggering back up the stairs.
Sherlock nodded, staring back at him, his face softening, “And what experiments would they be?”
“Eurgh, pumpkin-pop, pumpkin pasty-”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows.
“Sorry” John said once in the entrance hall, “But if I’d seen Seb sitting there I’d have had to go and punch him… And I really can’t be bothered right now”
Hagrid, rather ceremoniously, got the fire well and truly going once the students had cramped themselves into and around the courtyard, keeping within a ten foot radius of the bonfire of course. Flames of a deep amber swirled up into the air, the sparks dancing high above them. The students let out the appropriate “oohs” and “aahs” as the flames turned to crimson, then emerald, then a magnificent royal blue.
John followed him past the Christmas tree and out into the hall nervously. Mrs Holmes, who was now too nearly falling asleep where she sat, gave him a knowing smile.
And with that, Sherlock found himself being steered through the Great Hall to a seat.
Five.
The grass was damp from the torrential downpour the night before, leaving deep puddles of mud in the many troughs and contours of the grounds. These were such puddles that Greg enjoyed trapesing through, splashing great amounts of mud all over the bottom of his jeans and, to his dismay, John’s in many cases, before the four of them had even been outside for five minutes.
Greg shook his head.
“Sherlock and I? God yeah,” she winked at John.
“Irene Adler? You know her, she-”
Mrs Holmes had set John and Sherlock the task of knocking up a batch of mince pies to last them over the coming days, something which Sherlock had protested to, yet John was genuinely excited for.
Sherlock ignored him, and skulked down the stairs.
John stumbled a thousand thank-yous after each had been opened, and accepted a squeeze when it was offered to him from both Mr and Mrs Holmes, who were beaming. Sherlock's chest tightened fondly.
“Oh, right,” John said, suppressing a yawn, “More for me, then,” he grinned excitedly.
Sherlock looked gingerly up at John, who suddenly caught on to what was happening, and waited until he’d span around, before quickly unbuttoning his shirt. Madam Pomfrey supplied him with a fresh one from her cabinet, which was a tad too big.
“Yes.”
“Shut up.”
Sherlock nodded. There was something slightly off within the boys stare.
“This isn’t intolerable,” Mycroft had said, rubbing a thumb across the gilded letters.
John stared at him, rather blankly,
“Nope.”
John had a very normal evening. Dinner was nice, the conversation was enjoyable… but a very off feeling swept over him afterwards, as it sometimes did. This was a feeling the others around him understood, somewhat, and as always they left him too it. Greg didn’t try to make conversation as they climbed the stairs to the common room, he didn’t make John come up to the dormitory when he got tired, he didn’t press John to sleep when all others went to bed. He hated how normal it was, now.
“Er, Mr Holmes”
The snitch was nowhere to be seen as of yet. Whenever Sherlock had watched a match before, that had been his largest feature of interest, keeping his eyes peeled for the tiniest flash of gold in the corner of his eye, but this time he’d been too busy watching John to notice.
“A non-sequitur if I ever heard one,” Sherlock huffed dismissively.
“She’s done it, although I find that unlikely… It’s a sensitive subject, apparently, so isn’t keen on having in the papers or too widely known… Or she’s an idiot and doesn’t understand that murderers are dangerous…” Sherlock reeled off, head resting tiredly on his hands, looking out of the window again.
I am so sorry I've had to repost this chapter! A section got missed when I posted it last time... I am so sorry.
“Yeah?” John asked, raising an eyebrow cheekily
Madam Pomfrey ambled up to Sherlock as he entered her quarters without any air of panic or concern, like she was used to the thing. John loitered behind, not really knowing where to stand.
“Why would I have lied?”
John knew Carl, he was a third year Gryffindor who always seemed to be losing them house points for swimming after hours or in places he didn’t have permission, but John couldn’t really argue; he lost Gryffindor points himself more than he was proud of, mostly for occasionally threatening to punch someone in the face, although Greg was worse. Greg actually punched them.
“Thank you,” he said, barely a whisper.
“Your jumper- it’s torn at the back-”
For a few moments, the only sounds that filled the room were the ticking of his clock, the clicking of his metal tongs, and the gently chime of the crystal lid of the phial hitting the table.
“Really?” John shot, with a whisper so full of annoyance even he felt it marginally too severe for the context.
John stood up, awkwardly. Some students were laughing. John shot them a dark look. So did Sherlock, who had appeared right behind him. The party had gone deathly quiet.
“It’s because they might be there isn’t it. Seb, Philip and… the other one…”
“Bloody hell” John said with a sigh, rolling the sodden cuffs of his cloak up around his elbows to cease the dripping “Got to love the British weather, right?”
“Oh, no,” Sherlock continued, “It was just the weight and the big red nose that confused me-”
Mycroft apparated himself to his bedroom almost immediately in some dramatic show of how eager he was to get away from them both, which left Sherlock and John in the lounge, a box of the remaining bunting lying excitedly between their feet.
“Those notes aren’t right,” Sherlock would often say over whatever he was studying.
It didn’t work brilliantly, it wasn’t Seb’s wand after all, but it still produced a sudden forceful blow to the neck, which caused Sherlock to swerve where he sprinted, trip carelessly over his robes and to land contortedly upon the cool grass. With caution, he rolled onto his back, lifting his hood (which had fallen over his eyes in the debacle), his chasers’ contentment imminent in the air. His eyes peeled open, panic beginning to flood him, just in time to see Sebastian’s foot falling fast towards his face.
Sherlock turned to face him, “Of course I am.”
The three other boys were asleep, their individual snores distinctly recognisable in the otherwise silent room. Sherlock bolted upright suddenly, and began feeling his clothing in a panic.
The rest of the day followed as all Christmas Eves had for the entirety of Sherlock’s lifetime; Mother had wrestled with the turkey which had outright refused to have an orange shoved somewhere indiscreet, Father had sat by the fireplace and read aloud from 'The Tales of Beedle the Bard', which neither Sherlock or Mycroft could even begin to act interested in, and the smell of the mulled wine and red-currant rum which were popping and simmering away on large cauldrons upon the stove perfumed the entirety of the cottage. It was while they were stirring these enormous concoctions full of cinnamon and orange slices that John said something that made it even more impossible to not warm to him entirely.
Sherlock was already there, to John’s surprise, and was looking positively cheerful.
“Nowhere,” Sherlock answered, bitterly.
“At home? Yeah, mother’s practically a sniffer dog. But here? No. Everyone here’s too busy thinking about other things than what I’m doing.”
“Sebastian? Sebastian Wilkes?!” Well, she might as well have exploded “He did this? I am sick of this, bloody sick of it. I’m sending a letter to the school the minute we get ba-”
Greg grunted, slouching forward towards the floor.
“John? Coffee?”
The sudden laconism that followed startled both of them somewhat, as if John’s words carried some weight, which neither of them thought to be true.
“Quiet please, boys” the professor said in between potentially wrong dates.
“Er, please” he said smartish, “Black, two sugars”
Sherlock gave an encouraging sort of nod and a little wave, and he was gone.
“Wrong.”
Little did he know that Sherlock bewitched the cover to change to “Mikey” whenever Mycroft used it.
“You alright mate?” into his pillow.
John stifled a laugh. Sherlock smirked at him.
“Look,” John sighed, “Go and have some breakfast, stop worrying! We’ll be fine.”
“It’s fine” he said, muffled, puffing on the end of it “They’re Carl’s friends. They know me.”
Sherlock closed his mouth tightly, before heading upstairs himself.
John breathed in shakily.
“That nearly burnt the crowd and emitted potentially poisonous fumes? Hm… no,” Sherlock leaned across further, his voice lowering, “I saw someone last night, sneaking away and-”
John sighed, pulling on his pyjama top, “Dunno…” he moved into the centre of his bed, and sat cross-legged, taking off his socks. “I’ll… I’ll talk to her in the morning…” he felt very guilty.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows.
“You’re staring?”
It wasn't a question.
“Ah, Grandma wishes you all a merry one!” Mrs Holmes said, brightly, “What a lovely card- I’m so glad it got here, her poor old owl travelling all this way in the snow!”
Sherlock smiled, rather sadly, and turned, stepping out into the cool September night. John sighed, he had the urge to follow him.
"Sherlock’s brother.”
“A record I found on the bookcase.”
Mycroft emerged from the dimly lit living room.
Sherlock, suddenly very, very pleased, took a deep breath and broke down everything he could to John as fast as possible. He was staring at John so intensely, so enthused with every word he spoke, with every tiny detail of the case he explained. And John listened; he was listening,
John contemplated this for a moment, “Yeah okay” and both continued tucking into their breakfast.
Thank you! xo
Sherlock huffed, “It better be warm with brandy cream,” and pushed himself up from the sofa, and trudged out through the archway into the kitchen, smirking at John before he retreated into the hallway.
Sherlock scoffed.
Sherlock pulled his scarf on and his damp gloves off, lounging back across the crisp grass.
John began calving again.
“Nope.”
Within the next half an hour, everyone invited had arrived through a combination of fireplace and, from the older students friends amongst them, apparition. Molly had smothered John and Sherlock into an enormous squeeze and handed them a bottle of champagne. Irene provided each of them with a kiss on the cheek, which Sherlock thought he saw John recoil at, and also a bottle of mulled wine which matched her nails and lipstick perfectly. Stephen Bainbridge arrived and gave them both a high five, before handing them another case of butterbeer and a bottle of firewhisky, as well as bringing a handful of people neither John nor Sherlock had met before.
He lifted the gloves to the light of the window.
John suddenly became very very nervous again.
“Happy New Year,” She said, smirking.
“You’re an idiot,” John said, shaking his head. Sherlock smirked at him.
“Good morning Janine” he said, exhaling. “Lovely to know you were looking over my shoulder, definitely keep that in mind when I’m opening up my mail.
“Hi – have you-”
John smiled, “If you suggest we go in there I’ll kill you.”
“What step are you on?” John said quietly, watching as Sherlock stirred his bright yellow potion.
Sherlock gave him a rather apologetic smile, and gave Mycroft a near frightening glare, before heading off up the stairs, leaving John alone to be led into the living room by his brother.
As soon as all four boys in the compartment had their bottoms on a seat, the conversation was rekindled. Well, between all except Sherlock who was reading and rereading the final page of "Confronting the Faceless" over and over again, and continued to do so for a good while, as his trunk with all his other books was under the sandy-haired-boy's seat.
“I know what Aconite is, Sherlock-”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was, in fact, trapped in his own kitchen by a bunch of John’s quidditch friends. Somehow, somehow, he was in the middle of rather an elaborate game of ring of fire at his cottage kitchen table, which is exactly like muggle ring of fire, however the cards actually explode whenever a King surfaces. It was very amusing, Sherlock thought, watching John’s friends become increasingly blathered and still trying to read what their cards said. It was only when Sherlock picked up a Queen, who looked up at him from her card and burst into fits of laughter, that he realised maybe he looked just as ridiculous…
“Mr Watson, I am well aware Mr Holmes is a lovely boy,” John felt his cheeks redden “But do be careful not to get mixed up in those things. The letters he receives, the sneaking about- you’re a good student, and I don’t want him ruining-”
“Off you go,” She said helplessly.
"Thanks, by the way," Mike added breathlessly, fumbling in his pockets to check he hadn't dropped anything in his panic, "Where's Greg?"
“You don’t believe me?”
Sherlock smiled, rather sadly, “The boys in my dormitory hated it.”
John sighed and opened the front door, dreading the sight he'd be met with...
Mycroft lifted his tea to his lips,
“Oh just, well, erm…” John realised quickly his lack of answer sounded a lot more suspicious than what they’d actually been doing. Greg winked at him.
“What?” Sherlock mumbled, without looking up from his dish of… plain old water.
“John. I cannot say I am certain you will win, as judging by the probability of who’s won or lost out of the pair of you over recent years, it pretty much balances out. Although I hate Sebastian, you and him seem to be of a similar standard and to be honest with you I’ve not watched a quidditch game properly for a very long time so I’m not even certain of how you play and-”
Evidently, she had noticed the light dusting of flour that covered the two boys, not to mention the drippings of pastry that lay in a small pile at John’s feet, and the pitiful plate of mince pies on the counter…
As October sped on, he also noticed a slight decline in being absolutely throttled by Sebastian. Yes, he got his face plunged into the common room toilet once or twice, had a few overly unintelligent insults thrown at him every morning, maybe got pushed or shoved as they passed in the corridor… but he hadn’t broken a bone since. Sherlock wondered if this was down to the unexpected addition of John.
“He’s…” Sherlock puzzled. He’d never had to describe his relationship with his brother to anyone before, alas he’d barely pondered the topic himself in much detail, “He’s a lot.”
After a few rounds of mulled rum and a few too many pre-dinner nibbles, Mrs Holmes told Sherlock, John, and Mycroft to set the table. Sherlock’s face practically lit up at this.
John looked at Greg in dismay; the two burst into fits of giggles. Greg sat down in defeat “This is impossible, this potion relies on you having a steady hand and quick reflexes, of which I have neither!”
Evidently, Sherlock had struggled to such a ridiculous degree to remember Greg’s name, that the top half of the card was taken up by now unreadable scrawls of varying names beginning with the letter G, each scribbled out in frustration.
“Hmm, you should. Alder is notoriously known for being brittle. I’d give the roof two months.”
He ran past 'Ollivander’s', past 'Magical Menagerie' past 'Gringotts', only slowing to avoid the crowd surrounding muggle couple with twin-girls screaming at the Goblins on the steps at the bank. His aim was to speed off to the Leaky Cauldron and wait there for the rest of the Holmes family, but something happened as he crossed the road by the ice-cream parlour delaying his plan...
Within moments, pristine white plates crowded the table, and napkins were folding themselves in mid air, looking like green fir trees when they fell upon the plates. There were beautiful tea light holders, sprigs of holly, brightly coloured crackers, and glistening placeholders and glassware which all amalgamated into a Christmas table that rivalled that of Hogwarts’.
“Huh-” John said, nodding “that’s smart of them.”
Magnussen is such an arse... but I hope you enjoyed this chapter! THANKS FOR READING!
“Hello,” he said quietly, very aware that his cheeks were feeling very hot.
Sorry I disappeared! In all honesty, I'm at University now and I've really been struggling to find the time to write this, so updates will continue to be slow... but THEY WILL COME!!! Thank you for keeping reading, hope you're having a fab New Year!!!
“Leave it alone, Mr Holmes,” She said wearily, “Surely you’re not too arrogant to believe no someone could fool you?”
John stared after him as he sped off up the path.
“Be wary of the photographs, professor…” John said, wincing.
“Am I not going to see you for another week, then? Maybe two? A month?” John said, playfully, trying to lift the mood.
After a moment, John allowed his weight to fall slightly into Sherlock’s side.
John raised his eyebrows at him.
“Summer? Fine. Even better, having received no mail from you.” She smiled bitterly. “I was chatting with Sarah earlier. Apparently you wrote to her quite a bit.”
Soon enough, Mr and Mrs Holmes were piling suitcases beside the fireplace before flying away to Amsterdam in a puff of green smoke and a faint smell of burnt toast, and it was just Sherlock, John and, loathfully, Mycroft left at the cottage.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock, with the help of the bed posts, found his way into bed with little issue. Pulling on his pyjamas, he felt himself start to nod, head swimming, vision a bit more blurred then he’d like to admit. He fell back against his pillow and breathed heavily.
They hadn’t had a lot, and John was certain he’d had more than Sherlock, but Sherlock seemed to be having a good time.
After a few minutes, John dragged his hands from his face and let out a long sigh. Sherlock edged closer, and passed him the glass of water from the table.
“Pleased to meet you,” The boy said, his mouth tugging into a smile, “I’m new.”
An irritable thought crept its way into Sherlock’s mind, but he swept it under the rug of his mind palace, and made his way, once dressed in a jumper of a sturdier material, to the Owlery to see if the client’s letter had been left there.
“Bless…” John said teasingly, as they headed out of the library.
“Well,” McGonagall sat herself down behind her desk, eyes fiery “No. You won’t. But if I find out this was something you two made up for fun…”
“I-I need a cup of tea-” he mumbled, taking in the view of worrying domesticity.
“Morning everyone!” she said brightly.
he’d got stuffed in the back pocket of his jeans “That’s the most recent one, but I’ve had the last few and it says nothing about it in there either-”
“I drown him out a lot of the time- Billie will find him. Thank you, Billie,” and Billie flew off into the.wintry grey morning.
“Sherlock, you really don’t think my name is Gus, do you?” Greg persisted, rather hurt.
“Oh most definitely,” John replied immediately, smirking, “Last year there was just a big box, and whatever you pulled out of it was what you had to wear.”
“I wonder why.”
She relocated to the living room, past where Sherlock watched from the doorway as John familiarised himself with the stove, the whereabouts of utensils, and began peeling and chopping the various vegetables on the surface. To Sherlock’s amusement, he used a combination of both wand and knife-work to do so.
“What?” John sighed, turning round.
“So we better get going!” Greg’s face was that of someone who had scarcely avoided death, yet been given a really nice cake afterwards “Shall we?”
John did the polite thing, obviously, “Hi, you okay?” before carrying on past him.
Sherlock rose from the table, as if he’d suddenly reminded himself of this fact, and headed in the direction of the back door and, alas, the shed again.
“Though that has given me an idea!" she continued, "Plus ones! Everyone has a plus one!”
John had stopped looking at Sherlock long before he’d finished his little speech. He was now staring at the floor… he looked defeated.
Hair had been re-curled twice, which no one will ever learn of, and annoying, as Sherlock trotted shoeless back to the lounge, he saw John looking… well, you know… as usual. It was enough to make a boy curl his hair a third time.
Greg leapt up immediately, but John looked to Sherlock,
“Yes, well. You evidently need practice, so I won’t rob you of it now.”
John practically felt Sherlock roll his eyes.
” Sherlock barked, “Something I can’t investigate properly until I’m out of this bloody place.”
“You don’t need to thank me, you git,” John replied, laughing, but his eyes remained fixed on the sofa cushions.
He wasn’t a better exam partner, either. As John sat there eagerly scribbling away names and dates or fought to remember how to spell an incantation or what potion ingredient was the most important to a certain antidote, Sherlock was humming. Humming. Just quiet enough so only John and perhaps Greg could hear him. That, or he would write nothing for the first half an hour, before finishing in less than five minutes.
“Look where we ended up!” Sherlock smiled, nodding to the run down house ahead of them, “How fitting for Halloween!”
“Morning, Sherlock!”
“Look-” John started, putting his tea down carefully,
“Ooh, fancy,” Harry said, winking at him, “Why’ve I never seen you before?”
John snorted.
Sherlock groaned, but John pulled him, along with Greg to crane over the crate.
“No we bloody wont!” John grabbed a handful of flour and ruffled it into Sherlock’s unkempt curls.
Sherlock gave his head a little shake.
“Don’t blame me for wanting to do a little Christmas experiment.”
“Good as in, as in it is good you’re not dating Molly… Because, because that would suck. F-for GREG! I mean, for Greg… You know I’m, I’m just gonna stop-”
“I’m fine. Let’s sit?”
“Don’t worry! They put some special shield over the lake which warms it up a bit!” he said, teeth chattering, pulling on a jumper roughly over his head “Which I’m glad for, if this is how swimming feels in September!”
His house had no such rule that shoes should be removed, but nonetheless some guests may, understandably for the need of comfort, wish to remove their shoes, but some may wish to keep them on for the exact purpose. Will shoe people panic when they see sock people? Will sock people feel awkward and informal? And what would he and John decide on?
“Heads of houses are probably going to do a sweep soon,” John said tiredly, looking up to the grandfather clock, “as they obviously know we’d be having a party tonight…”
Sherlock would try.
“Mm.”
“Why do you just- just.” John shook his head irritably, “Why do you just say things? I mean, I’d never spoken to you, really, before yesterday and you’ve already blurted random facts about me about ten times-”
“Aconite? Poisonous plant? Purple flowers? Also known as Monkshood? Wolfsbane? It’s-”
He looked up at her hopefully.
Sherlock looked at him, inquisitively.
subconsciously noting this once John had taken the mug between both his jumper-clasping hands and sipped it cheerily without fuss.
“Then why are they different?” Sherlock sighed.
"Enough to drown that small village of overtly hungry goblins, John, yes,” Sherlock repeated dully.
Their laughter filled the living room, accompanied with the sound of the fire cracking behind them, with Mr and Mrs Holmes stirring and chopping and chattering from the kitchen, and Mycroft’s turning of the pages of the Daily Prophet, and his mumbling of how “The Christmas issue is always completely useless”
what sort of headline’s that? Where’s the actual stuff?” Gareth said suddenly, discarding the newspaper he’d been staring down in disgust “An auror’s not been mentioned for months – well, except for that article about how ex-auror Magnus Pickerin had been on bloody holiday to Belgium and lost his soddin’ glasses.” He picked up the nearest coffee pot irritably and began pouring himself a large cup, as the others devolved into laughter, “I’m serious, it’s getting ridiculous!”
“My friend, Sherlock,” he said brightly, nodding to him, “He’s a Slytherin… shh!”
A short, slim, pale boy was sat on the windowsill at the head of the common room, cloak still tied, with what appeared to be a suitcase at his feet. Sherlock stared. A Slytherin scarf and tie were folded upon his lap. He was smiling at him.
In the entrance hall, John grabbed at his sleeve. Sherlock winced slightly at the touch.
Sherlock, just learning this, pulled his coat off in panic, and saw she was indeed right; The back of his collar had torn quite significantly, and was hanging on by only two threads!
“I will have,” was all the boy replied.
“With all due respect, detective, I feel these boys are the ones who’ve been messed with,” John gave her a weak smile.
His stomach flipped uncomfortably.
“I only ever used to play when they weren’t in there, anyway… Even I’m not that socially inept... but the second they arrived they’d snatch it from me, or throw things at me to make it stop,” He scowled to himself, “Once one of them stole it and took it to Sebastian like his little minions. Broke three strings and the bow threads. Bewitched it to insult me whenever I tried to play. And it was scratched.”
, he thought. Nevertheless, John, with his breath swirling in a mist before him, headed down the steps and out into the courtyard. Sherlock watched as he sped across the cobbles and past the bonfire, before increasing to a run once he reached the grass of the grounds. Sherlock sighed, before heading to the library, taking one last glance at the bonfire, now left unattended in the middle of the courtyard.
“Brilliant! So, what about the pictures?” he asked, wincing a little at the thought of them.
“And the tears John, remember? On the paper last night? In a case like this in which it seems to be a locked-room scenario, obviously the wife does have to come in to question just a little. Can’t be sentimental. So last night I performed a small test to check if she could’ve splashed a little water on it to throw us off her path; but it contained all the properties of human tears; mucin, lipids, glucose, everything. Sounds excessive, but one might as well check while your dorm mates are snoring away.”
Sherlock turned in the direction of his bedroom, “Too much.”
“But wasn’t it within her own house? Doors locked and all that?” John butted in.
“You’re right,” He said quietly.
“Why do Gryffindor always get shoved with the bloody Slytherins” John whispered, twiddling his quill between his fingers irritably. “I mean I get it there’s an ongoing rivalry but Jesus… this is why. We are constantly rammed together, us and Sebastian the snarky prat-” At this point, Sebastian had turned around and was watching John eagerly, an overly sweet smile on his ugly face. “Nevermind…”
Eventually, October came, a full week into this funny little arrangement he and John had found themselves in, and when Sherlock awoke on that misty October first, a Friday, and wandered lazily off to herbology, in which unsurprisingly they started an in depth study on the growth rate of enchanted pumpkins.
“Ruin him, John!” Graham yelled again.
Sherlock's POV, be aware he *will* get Greg's name wrong continuously!
John thought for a moment. Sherlock was staring at him expectantly.
“Okay, okay,” he said, chuckling, “Just thought I’d check.”
“We were just going to head to the feast? Greg is about, he just refused to step into the library on Halloween… or a weekend, so-”
“Nope, I’m fine.”
Sherlock, after rubbing the strands of pumpkin out of his hair, face and robes, obliged.
John did not intend to call her name from across the library, yet it happened. He was not proud, but it did indeed happen. The tall, very pretty, Ravenclaw girl four shelves away turned. She was clearly less than impressed on realising who’d called her. She skulked over, looking quite mortified, but her expression was not a match on John’s.
Homophobic reference in this said by a horrible character! Sorry!
"You alright mate?" Greg asked gently, unsure of what to do. "You've been-"
“No, John. You did nothing wrong,” Sherlock said softly.
When he reappeared in the kitchen, Mr and Mrs Holmes were chuckling at him.
“Not helping Sherlock.”
“It’s Christmas, love. Go on - and there’s a breakfast mince pie in it for you,” Mrs Holmes said sweetly, coming round the back of the sofa and ruffling Sherlock’s curls, sending them into further disarray.
“Oh yeah, yeah, I know her. Just didn’t know you were that close.”
John smiled.
“Magnussen,” Sherlock spat bitterly. John came and perched himself on one of the larger, still to be carved pumpkins.
“Stop it.”
He said this with pride, however John couldn’t help feeling there was something profoundly sad in what he’d said.
“We should probably head back then,” Mr Holmes said, jumping down to join Sherlock, “As by the sounds of it we've got a very weary owl back at our house!”
“Fine… guess this is the fun bit, right?” He said, rising, picking up a rather rusty blunt knife Hagrid had left them, “You sure you want to give it up?”
John and Mike, a 7th year Hufflepuff, were standing by the door of the Hogwarts express, both panting profusely, but chatting all the same. Mike arrived on the platform at 10:59 and John, with no help from Greg who had been instructed to find seats, had to pull his squat, much heavier friend up the steep metal steps just as the train began to edge away from the platform.
Coincidentally, with their mention of dessert, the rows of wiped-clean platters and empty cooking pots that lined the table so plentifully suddenly melted away into towers of ice cream; scoops of every flavour, plates of piping hot apple pie alongside towering jugs of thick golden custard, and of course glistening dishes of colourfully layered trifle.
“Yeah I really do,” John smiled.
“This is ridiculous,” John snorted.
“Had a good evening?” She asked coolly.
John swallowed, the tips of his ears starting to feel rather hot.
“Who’s got you doing this, then?
"Wait! Wait- I have got it- hang- bugger where is it... See, we picked up the wrong bags, remember?" John said, socks and other various objects of his flying about the compartment.
Sherlock was practically thrown into the air when the Gryffindor team walked out onto the pitch, seven little red figures striding proudly out into the cold November sun. John was leading, holding his broom in front of him, head held high. Sherlock suddenly felt very nervous for him.
Then, the portrait hole started to open, and McGonagall poked her head through. She was wearing a long tartan dressing gown with matching slippers.
As they walked cheerily, John’s headache lifting slightly, down the busy corridors, a friend of Harry’s brushed passed them. John grabbed her.
“Oh, erm… No problem. Honestly.”
“Oh don’t be grumpy and ruin it? We. Studied. Together?!” He slumped down beside John, beaming, “I saw her get up to go and thought- What’s on your nose?”
“I may have to head off soon then,” Sherlock said, slurring slightly, “I’ll just finish this.”
Sherlock chuckled back “Don’t be ridiculous.”
Sherlock smiled, “You’re playing a dangerous game, John.”
“I’m Mary. Mike brought me-  so... is John Watson about?”
“Shut up, John.”
“Most teachers know to leave me be by now.”
Sherlock looked up, trying with every fiber of his being not to roll his eyes, “Do you?”
It seemed that with each person coming into the lounge the alcohol content in the house grew and grew. That was until Harry arrived, who nearly bowled John over when she saw him, handing him instead a large bottle of spiced pumpkin juice.
They each sat happily amongst the leaves, holding steaming cups between gloved hands.
The Gryffindors started to rush from the stands to congratulate them, and so did Professor McGonagall who practically picked John up in excitement.
Sherlock, without a moment's pause, shoved his way out of the courtyard to follow, John grabbing for his cloak, but missing. Having ducked and dived his way through, being elbowed at least twice, Sherlock was in the grounds, the glow from the bonfire dissipating. The figure was nowhere to be seen.
“But they’re not there.”
“…Who the fuck is Gareth?”
“Then why wouldn’t I?”
“If I ever bake,” Sherlock said coolly, flicking his wand quickly, causing the pastry to tremble a little in the air
“Dunno. Maybe I rolled on her cabbages when I tackled Andrew to into the mud?” Greg smirked, admiring the thick brown and green stains that littered his robes “God they’re arseholes.”
“That’s my scarf,” Sherlock said flatly.
Hiya, I know it has been absolutely ages since I've updated I am so so sorry! This term at school has been so hectic, exams have been flying around everywhere... But I am back now! I will be updating more often (I know that isn't hard... it's been like two months...) but hurray! I've missed it here :')
“I know you don’t often wear jumpers like that, but I thought-”
“It’s just logic,” he said quietly “But at a very fast pace,” and after pausing for a few seconds, “And this time logic served me wrong, the right details with the wrong outcome. In some cases there’s always something I’m missing, something I can’t quite pin down, and in your case it was a big thing. Sometimes I fail to account for the emotional context of the other person. I apologise.”
“Hi,” John whispered, not lifting his gaze.
“But-“John protested.
“Excuse you! I like them, I’ll just get a pumpkin pasty or something before we leave”
“Oh come on, John! This is actually intriguing for once” he said, grabbing John’s arm excitedly.
“Why are you doing that?” John asked one day, as Sherlock was picking up leaves with gloved hands and tweezers, wrapping them in a cloth and pocketing them.
They ate dinner, even Sherlock this time, although John had the sneaky suspicion this might’ve been the first meal he’d eaten since they last spoke, as Sherlock was shovelling mashed potato into his mouth at a slightly manic speed. By the end of the evening, John, Greg and Sherlock were talking normally again, Mike even came over for a short while, pointed to Sherlock from behind his back, shrugged at John, and joined the chatter pleasantly.
“It’s a lovely morning?” John added, eyes glinting,
John felt his heart sink; the thought of Sherlock having to hide away from his own common room…
John suddenly remembered the incident on the train, and a pang of resentment began to bubble again, but he pushed it down.
“I know it’s fine.”
John had barely been able to eat over the last few Christmases, had always felt nauseous, anxious, too unhappy to touch anything, and would end up retiring to his bed by five o’clock waiting for it to be over. Yet here he was, sat next to Sherlock, giggling as they tried to knock Mycroft’s bobble hat off of his sleeping head with whatever was small enough to throw.
Of course, as soon as the last first year student (a floppy haired Slytherin boy called Archie) slid his bottom down onto the edge of the Slytherin table, what came gleefully from McGonagall’s smiling mouth was music to their ears…
“You’re genuinely interested.”
“Yes, perhaps you’re right” Sherlock replied, giving his head a slight shake.
“How?” She pushed.
John nodded after her.
“Oh dear…” John teased, elbowing him. It was only a gentle touch, but Sherlock was nearly bowled over by it.
A tall, thin boy of nearly 17, with a mop of untidy black hair atop his head, was leaning against the wall that separated Diagon Alley from ‘The Leaky Cauldron’ and the Muggle world. He was dressed in black jeans, a white shirt, and a long, grey coat with a large collar that grazed the tips of his ears whenever he put it up (which was always). This made passing wizards and witches stare, as it was a considerably warm morning. He pulled a long, slender wand from his pocket, and began twiddling it between his fingers irritably. It was fairly plain to the uninterested eye, however to anyone who looked closely, they would see it was covered from tip to handle in hundreds of tiny calved skulls. The handle itself was shaped to resemble what looked like a Hungarian Horntail’s tail tip. However, to anyone who didn’t know the markings and details of such dragons, often annoyed the wand’s beholder by saying “Ooh! Isn’t that a nice spiky bit?”
“What d’you think?” Graham was wearing what appeared to be a blood-stained ruff around his neck, which was spinning gently. “Am I Nearly-Headless-Nick yet?”
Sherlock giggled.
“The match? You said the majority of your quidditch team are idiots?”
“I don’t know what that means.” John replied flatly, pushing the bowl even closer.
Sherlock’s indescribably soft scarf was wrapped tightly round this throat, sticking awkwardly out of his jacket from his rush to get out of the door.
Sherlock was sitting cross-legged in a fresh pair of pyjamas and a burgundy silken dressing gown, his hair still damp, dripping at the tips, draping in untamed curls across his forehead and the nape of his neck.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at his brother’s overly perfect handwriting, and scrunched it up into a ball, before returning to staring out of the archway.
which in turn presented him with a bizarre image; His mother was sat at the dining table with John, letters and Christmas cards between them, talking excitedly to one another.
“It was Seb, again?”
The two of them exchanged a nervous smile, before plopping themselves on the sofa again, waiting for someone to arrive.
“Well enough. In a few classes together, played opposite him in quidditch a few times. He’s handsome isn’t he, ” She winked at him.
John scrambled for his wallet, counted out the correct amount of gold coins quickly and, quite reluctantly, handed them over.
“Let’s go! Come on!” Graham grabbed Sherlock by the cloak and the two of them ran down the stands and finally on to the pitch.
John nodded rather glumly, “Thanks, Greg.”
Sherlock shifted where he sat.
Not that John minded, really… But he shook that thought from his mind.
“Will you have a look for them?” John prodded.
The Saturday morning came, and Sherlock got dressed, obviously having planned his outfit the night before, and came down to breakfast swiftly, only being called a freak a few times before leaving the common room.
By the time they came down, Mr Holmes had made them all flasks of hot chocolate, and it was time for them to venture out into the Christmas Day cold for a family wander.
Sherlock continued to stare at the fire, in order to hide the look of relief blooming on his face.
“Thank you. Now-”
“It’s… Oh, oh! Um, it’s Panacea, Professor. Panacea,” He blurted finally.
“What, that I don’t litter and care about Carl’s nautical wellbeing?” Sherlock asked, puzzled.
“Someone’s taken my gloves!” Carl whined, “I had them in my pocket at the bonfire and they’re gone.”
“Why? It’s an experiment! I want to see how thin I make the pastry before it breaks!”
John stared into the pot more persistently at this, “W-why?”
John chuckled nervously, “Really? I can open my own gift?”
The first lesson was theory, in which the class copied down ‘Golpalott’s Third Law’ and the reasoning behind it, idly scribbling down names and dates and potion ingredients here there and everywhere - it was beginning to resemble one of Professor Bin’s lessons…
“Nevermind,” Sherlock said flatly, giving John a weak smile.
"You realise it's just because they're both in Huffle-"
“Well that’s good to know – thank you” Sherlock interjected, starting to chuckle.
“I know he is. How amusing.”
“Well, no point littering” he said softly.
John held his breath.
“About the-”
He shrugged in agreement, and the three of them stood up with various grunts and stretches,
“You can play it for me,” John said quietly.
Sadly, before John could hear further, Stephen Bainbridge slammed his hands onto John’s shoulders.
The two of them sat there contently for the next hour or so, with thankfully no more pumpkin throwing, until all that was left was to carve a face into their joint pumpkin.
“Yes, yes- Wait, no. No it’s nice it’s-” Sherlock sighed.
As they walked out into the cold November air, breaths puffing in front of them, Sherlock grabbed John’s arm, whispering in his ear.
“So, Graham likes Molly Hooper?”
“Where’s Sherlock?” John said, throwing Greg off him.
Sherlock smiled, taken aback by this.
“One more hour?” John said, sitting down beside him.
Many had started to head up to bed, now, and the common room was nearly empty; Steven was dozing on the sofa, an over-sized witches hat on his head, an arm wrapped around a pumpkin he’d carved appallingly, and Gary was eating an apple from the basin happily, leaning against the wall. Mike had left long ago, and only about five others were still up and dancing.
“Its fine, Sherlock”, he added, trying to sound a bit more reassuring.
“Professor, I think you should-” John interrupted, nervously.
“Hello,” came his booming voice across his garden, as he wheeled an enormous wheelbarrow full of surprisingly small pumpkins “Thanks for all your help, boys. I can be finishing the rest, unless you wanna finish that one you’re doing, John-“
“Better go then hadn’t you,” John said, smirking.
“No, no, just – well…” John nodded “Yeah”
“They’re not wrong, Sherlock.”
“Well you are aren’t you?”
“Well…” Greg said some insults later, leaning back with a lengthy sort of yawn, “I don’t know about you two, but I’m off to Bedfordshire” He swivelled his legs out from under the table, kicking both John and Sherlock in the process, and stood up with a grunt lower than his years, “You coming John? And an earlier night might actually do you some good?” This was to Sherlock, who merely smirked at the notion of an early night.
“Thanks, darling,” was what the boy said.
“So-”
Sherlock replied with a muddled expression, yet moulded this into a more polite nod of agreement. She, surprisingly, nodded back, and did an about turn back to her office. Sherlock stared after her yet decided this change of mood was not worth his mind, and headed off to the Owlery, the back of his head still throbbing a fraction.
“Do I look like a party sort of person?” he said brashly.
After about an infuriating hour, having managed to make only a measly six mince pies, the boys decided to give up. The both of them were covered in way more flour than seemed humanly possible, and Sherlock still seemed fit in levitating what remained of their overly thin pastry above their heads.
Sherlock pulled his eyes away from his microscope just long enough to soak up this sight, John soft and sleepy but still certain he was going to help any way he could.
John scowled at himself.
But as he walked into the living room, it was evident the Holmes parents were in bed, the house was near silent, apart from the crackling of the fire. The downstairs was in darkness apart from the warm dancing glow that flickered from the archway leading to the living room. As he got closer, he heard the odd sound of something musical emanating from the living room. John stepped in quietly.
“Professor,” John pleaded, looking to her.
It’d started to rain; a relentless, persistent, filthy kind of downpour which had already transformed the majority of the grounds ahead into a slippery slope. The embers burning outside Hagrid’s seemed long extinguished, and the torches welded to the grand doors in the distance were flickering and dancing violently, fighting desperately to stay alight.  Upon reaching the archway out onto the grounds, both pulled up the long hoods of their cloaks snuggly above their heads.
