Stucturally, the scenes alternate between the press conference and the four days prior to them. I have only tagged which is which the first time that shift happens (it felt really clanky to do it every time since some of the scenes are quite short) but let me know if that gets too confusing and you'd prefer it the other way.
But still you stayed. And so as I sat upstairs with Pepper trying to imagine what the future should be, I realized that all of you, every single one of you, deserved some input about that topic. I don’t mean vision statements or any of the other crap they have you do at retreats—whoops, sorry Pep—I mean…I mean imagine your perfect day here. What are you doing? What are you making? I don’t care if it’s in your department or not, I don’t care whether you think it’s even possible. Just tell me what you’re really here to do.”
Tony loved the feeling of leather. He’d been bound in a lot of different ways by now; he knew the way his skin looked all wrapped up in rope, was familiar with the soft clinking sounds of chain, and the silky smoothness of scarves. Other than the chain (which had felt too hard, too unforgiving of the moments when Tony would pull at his bonds, seeking reassurance, not harshness) he loved them all.He adored the feeling of being held fast and made still. But there was nothing quite like the feeling of a simple pair of leather cuffs around his wrists. They were buttery soft and insistent all at once, the kind of power that didn’t need to be brutal to be felt.
There is also a brief flashback to D/s Tony struggling with similar issues (specifically, with having a team member who isn't Steve administer a punishment while Steve is away.) Anyone with triggers regarding the use of painplay, discipline, or their use to aid in addressing real life issues, I would definitely advise giving the entire chapter a miss.
Less than a minute later, the elevator doors slid open and and a red-faced Peter Parker stepped out. He was around the same height as Tony, but he had the stretched air Steve recognized all too well of someone going through growth spurts while also not getting enough to eat. His face was red and splotchy, which Steve didn’t know whether to attribute to the insufficient protection of his thin jacket against New York winter air or his very clear anger. Even as pissed off as he clearly was, Peter stalked across the room with a grace Steve recognized from seeing footage of the kid fight.
They shared several plates of rice cakes to start, catching one another up on their jobs and books they were reading and other facets of their daily lives. While Steve been worried it might upset him, Bucky had particularly great insights about the cross-training program at SHIELD given his experiences with HYDRA; he also offered to speak to any of the bureaucrats who were giving Steve a hard time in all his Winter Soldier glory, which was a cathartic image even if Steve would never actually take him up on it. It had been so long since Steve had spent time with the team like this, just talking casually about something other than Tony. It was nice, he realized with a fond smile. (Bucky had always known how to take care of Steve. Even, and sometimes most especially, when Steve didn’t think he needed caring for.)
“I want the device Taskmaster had cloned from Obie. I don’t want it held by SHIELD. I want to destroy it by my own hands.” Coulson inclined his head, the defensive response Tony had anticipated about this version of SHIELD being different from his own never passing his lips. “And I…I need someone else to handle Steve tonight.” Coulson rose to his full height, and Tony winced at how that must have sounded. “No, it’s not…he didn’t do anything wrong or-or pressure me or something. But he had to watch me fake-die today, and I can tell how much it fucked with him. He…even I can feel how much he needs his headspace, and while I would have no real problem with going down for him right now,” understatement of the century, “he would be upset about it later. He’s been very clear about wanting a date before we scene, especially if it involves anything sexual.”
The first thing Sam notices, with a mixture of guilt and relief, is how much more smoothly the man moves now. The improvements the Wakandans made to Tony’s design must be doing the trick. It isn’t just the bracers, either. Oh he looks older, and tired, just as they all do. But where Sam has found that a lot of folks who hadn’t been Snapped somehow now feel like they’re the ones disappearing in the face of the lingering trauma, there’s something…vital about Rhodey now. An intense and reassuring present-ness. For the first time in days, Sam feels calm.
“Hey, I’m not the only one who’s pissed. You got what you needed to stabilize, and now it’s time to get to work.”
starving. No one knew why, exactly, it happened; some felt it was mainly an effect of adrenaline, which convinced the body that dealing with whatever was inhibiting its access to food was more important than actually eating, while others argued it was the fault of gluconeogenesis, the process by which the body deals with falling blood sugars by metabolizing fat (thereby temporarily elevating blood glucose levels while the body slowly consumes itself.) Whichever it was, there had come a point during his aimless drift through space with Nebula where Tony stopped fantasizing about cheeseburgers and fruit salads and shrimp cocktails the way he had when the food had first run out. The thought of food had felt repugnant, and even though he’d known intellectually that this was a bad sign, it had come as such a relief to just not feel hungry for a while that he hadn’t felt anything but a grim kind of gratitude.
“I’m not lying. At the beginning, when I was still so caught up in my own grief that a relationship was unimaginable, I was jealous all the time. Jealous of Tony, because you were all so excited and happy to have him here; jealous of you all, for getting to have him. Hell, I think I even felt a little jealous on behalf of the other Tony, because this version…well he got a choice in all this, didn’t he? That’s all the other Tony ever wanted, and this one he just had it, and he didn’t even appreciate it. Or so I thought at the time.” It hurt to confess this, Steve could feel the deep shame he'd felt then rising up hot and painful in his gut, but Thor deserved to know, really know, that he was not alone in this.
“He knew who I was.” It was the first time anyone had broken the silence in hours, and it was a mark of how distressingly used to this new world order Steve had gotten that he was surprised it was Tony. The man didn’t say much these days; oh he worked, just as obsessively as he had when he’d survived down in the workshop for days on a steady stream of energy bars and caffeine. The joy of discovery and creation that had once driven Tony to babble incessantly for minutes or even hours on end, though? That was long gone. Turned to dust, like everything else. “Thanos.”
Their first press interview as a full team was of course when Tony’s presence was revealed to the world. Since then, they have not had cause to address the media en masse, though both Barton and Stark are occasional unable to stop themselves from snarking. (The media will also have a rather large role to play in upcoming events re: Stark Industries. All I will say on that matter is it will not always be pretty.)
me to die for him! He’s had plenty of parental figures in his lifetime who have done that. He wanted me to live for him, and I couldn’t even manage to get that right. Instead, I got him all attached, gave him one rushed hug on the battlefield after he got back, and then died in front of his eyes, leaving him with…” Tony trailed off, then pointed a finger at Steve. “You’re going.”
If it had been anyone else entering Steve’s space JARVIS would have announced it, making this kind of surprise next to impossible. But when Bucky had first moved into the Tower, he had practically lived on Steve’s floor. Back then Bucky hadn’t trusted himself to be near the rest of the building’s inhabitants without supervision, and he’d also needed Steve’s help with getting acclimated in the world. (HYDRA had only taught him whatever was strategically valuable about whatever moment he was in when taken out of cryo, which meant his knowledge of the world was incredibly piecemeal; he’d known the basics of how to use a cell phone, for instance, but he had no idea what a microwave was or how to use it.) Even long after Bucky had gained more independence, Steve had never changed the protocols for his friend’s entry onto his own floor. It felt too final, like putting a willful distance between them. Even now, Steve’s pretty intense embarrassment about the position he’d been found in was still secondary to the pleasure of having Bucky just stroll in, casually confident in his place in Steve’s life and apartment.
He smiled widely and sincerely, though, when his eyes fell upon Peter, who was in the middle of an argument with Butterfingers about whether or not the bot needed oiling. Peter was acutely conscious of what it probably looked like--like he was stepping right into Tony’s shoes, inhabiting his favourite space and caring for his bots, practically just an extension of the man himself. The thought made everything inside Peter seize with cold fury, and he threw the oil can he’d found in Bruce’s lab next door to the floor with a loud clatter.
And abruptly, after worrying for days what had caused Tony to flee so suddenly from his office, Steve didn’t give a shit. Nor did he care right now about being friends, or trying to keep Tony at arm’s length. He let just a hint of the Dominance that had been ebbing at the surface for hours now to surge forward, carrying him to his feet and across the room. Tony tracked his movements with delayed exhaustion, grunting quietly when Steve grabbed him around the back of the neck and hauled him against his chest in a hug. He kept his hold loose at first, trying to prepare himself with what little control he had left for the reality that Tony might not want Steve touching him, but after standing stiffly in Steve’s loosely looped arms for a few seconds, Tony sagged like a deflated balloon, no longer even holding up his own weight.
“Bruce, you are certain he’s alright? It feels different to be leaving him on his own in a house that’s comparatively so much smaller than the Tower.” Natasha didn’t look away from her current project, which involved sorting toys and other implements using a system known only to her, but she was repeating a question she’d already asked once, and Nat was typically nothing if not efficient. Bruce followed her lead, though, and finished hanging the print in his hand as he answered.
But it bought them the time they needed. When Taskmaster turned around, meaning to taunt Steve with the body of his dead partner, he found only the shell of the destroyed armour on the ground, very clearly empty. For the first time, his ravaged face showed real fear. Steve drank in the sight with sadistic hunger.
None of this was to say he wasn’t curious, especially when they instructed him to dress in a worn, cosy looking sweater several sizes too big for him, a soft pair of sweats, and the lace panties Clint had given to him in Malibu. He arched a brow at the odd combination, but Clint chuckled and and helped him step into the underwear.
The last thing Tony wanted was for it to be clear just how badly he wanted this, for both himself and the kid. He nodded, hit the button on the self-administered pain-killer, and was almost to the door when he stopped, wrestled with himself for a minute, and then added,
by the throat?” A cold prickle shot down Steve’s spine. In lieu of breaking anything, he began pacing the length of T’Challa’s sitting room.
Hearing from Tony himself largely eliminated any remaining efforts to argue against Steve’s plan. He watched as Clint seemed to fold in on himself, saw the way Phil grew quiet and still and Bucky stared aimlessly out the window. (Steve truly had no idea how any of them would survive it if Tony didn’t choose to stay.)
By the time Steve returned with several hot dogs, plus pretzels and drinks for them both, Tony had moved past overwhelmed surprise and into the hungry curiosity that was far more familiar to Steve. He bounced slightly in his seat as he peered around.
Since arriving here Tony had rarely had cause to feel jealous, at least not of the D/s stuff.  Mostly it sounded like an incredible amount of work, not to mention the unfathomable level of trust something like that would require to function properly. But there was nothing but complete admiration and love in Natasha’s voice as she spoke about Phil. No judgement, no superiority, no condescension. Not even that air of secrecy that he had always figured was just a permanent aspect of her voice. For just a moment he couldn’t stop the surge of jealousy that accompanied the realization that maybe they’d truly felt that way about the other version of him, too.
“Okay. Short version: Peter’s suit contains an AI that draws upon digitized versions of my voice and memories, and then uses predictive software to react to present circumstances. It’s similar to the technology I used to make JARVIS, which is…well, technically a bit less advanced than FRIDAY, but AIs are somewhat easier to make when they’re modelled on an existing person rather than created truly from scratch.”
“You’re leaving? I heard Barnes telling Wilson last night—Tony did all this to save the world, to save your fucking friend for you, and you’re just LEAVING him and everyone else? Fucking off to the forties to live happily ever after?” If Peter kept landing blows against Steve’s arms and chest with this kind of force, there was a not improbable chance he’d end up hurting himself; reluctant though he was to use his own strength, he rolled them over and pinned the boy’s arms to the floor above his head. “He would have done anything for you, you fucking asshole! You left him half dead in Siberia and he still would have done anything!”
their headspaces, moreso than anyone else, and ideally they need partners classified at the same level. Most Trues partner off together and spent all or most of their time in their headspaces.
“We’re having a Community Day.” This announcement caused a louder series of groans, but Steve held a hand up. “Nope. It’s been ages since we had time, and for those of you not moved by civic spirit and duty, remember that whatever way the press conference goes, it’s not like some good PR won’t be useful to have built up. So we’re going to suit up, head into the city, and find things we can do to help out.”
Clint provided Tony with several more choices after that point—sexual or non-sexual scene, Clint’s room or his own—which eventually lead him to where he was now: sprawled spread-eagle across Clint’s bed. The other man currently had his back to Tony as he rustled through the black duffle bag he’d had with him upstairs. At the angle he was at Tony couldn’t see what it was Clint was fiddling with, so he took the opportunity to blatantly scope out the rest of the room. He’d expected a wall of bright purple, but the palette was slightly more refined, grey with pops of bright accent colours throughout. There were some pictures hanging on the wall in orange frames, mostly of the team, and a floating shelf that held a more weathered collection of odd knick-knacks that Tony could only assume were the sole remnants of Clint’s unstable childhood. Nightstands sat on either end of the bed; the one on the side that Tony was certain belonged to Clint was a kind of organized chaos, littered with charging cables and comics and what looked like a small stuffed penguin in no discernible order. The bed was firmer than he’d expected, and was currently covered only in a space grey top sheet. The whole space was youthful without edging into boyish.
“Here’s fine,” Tony insisted, because it was fine, there was no room for shame or embarrassment or anything negative, not now. There was a few seconds of silence, and that was good too; without anxiety creeping its way in Tony didn’t mind giving his Dominant the time he needed to think.
’ as clear in front of him for several seconds as if it had been burned into his eyelids. Recalling one of his panic-attack exercises (identify objects in the room around you), he cast his eyes about Natasha’s bedroom. Towel on the floor from after their bath; a sweater hanging on a chair that looked too big to belong to Natasha herself; the paddle and flogger on the dresser. Once his eyes found those he couldn’t stop staring, remembering the way Bucky never seemed so peaceful as when he came up covered in marks from a beating, how Phil’s smile was almost incandescent even when his eyes were still red-rimmed with recent tears from a scene.
“I don’t know,” Rhodey cuts in. “Tones got really fuckin’ rambling and anxious whenever we stayed on that topic for too long. But he gave me the broad strokes; guy got the stones, snapped his fingers and half of everything living was just…gone." The silence that filled the room at that news spoke volumes; whatever else the Avengers were, they were rarely a quiet bunch. But what was there to say to the idea of death on such a horrendous scale? It dwarfed even the worst of Steve's experiences, both in the War and the future. "Whatever he—well, they, I guess, the team was with him—whatever they did that he ended up here, it was part of a bigger plan. He seemed positive it was the only way to change it back, make things right again.” For the first time, Steve felt an odd rush of sympathy for the other version of themselves. No world with Tony absent from it could ever be considered
“For sure. It made sense to a lot of people; hell, it made sense to me until fairly recently. One of my agents is a submissive; she really struggles with her orientation, and more than once she’s lost work because she avoided headspace for long enough to put her into sub-dep. Then the two of us went to Wakanda. Things are different there. Orientational dynamics shape a lot of workplaces, particularly governmental and national security sectors. Folks in the higher positions—royalty, and high ranking generals, for instance, use Dominance as part of their daily work.  And my agent just…flourished. She was happier and more settled than I’ve ever seen her, not at war with herself for the first time in her life. So I started thinking about why everything had to be all or nothing; why can’t some people bring orientation into work while others can leave it at home if that’s what works for them?”
“Go away, Buck,” he muttered dully. Once upon a time Steve never would have thought himself capable of speaking to Bucky this way. Even though things would never be the same as they had been before Bucky’s fall and his subsequent time as the Soldier, Steve treated their end of the line promise as a near-sacred vow. (Not unlike the one he’d made to himself to protect Tony from anything and everything that might seek to harm him. Apparently he’d be failing everyone who mattered to him in one day.)
“I don’t care!” Steve shouted. Pepper placed her hand on his arm again, and this time Steve permitted the touch, bowing his head and taking several long, slow breaths. (When all this was over, if any of them were still on speaking terms, Tony was going to find out when and how Steve and Pep had gotten so close.) “I was scared at first to learn that you weren’t a submissive, but that was mainly because it’s such a huge aspect of life here that it just felt like another thing separating us. But now—well, first of all, you
“Agent Coulson did once more ask me to pass on his suggestion that you meet and discuss the matter in person. And it does appear as if that might be the more expedient option, Sir.”
Tony hadn’t seen Bruce put a towel down, but when he wrenched his eyes open he found it, thick heavy and white and situated directly underneath Tony’s groin. He made a wordless yowling sound, a release of humiliation and arousal and primal, encompassing need. Bruce just kept up that same, steady even as Tony’s legs and arms began to shake, threatening to buckle.
Steve knew what he wanted his answer to be. And he knew that it was a different one than he might have been able to provide even a weeks prior. He could not quite give voice to it yet, however, and Domen didn’t ask him to.
By the time he finally stepped into the shop to meet Dr. Chimva, it felt like a physical presence surrounding him, slowly growing more and more present and separating him from the rest of the world. Even the fact of Rhodey’s presence, solid and constant and comforting, could barely penetrate the barrier. He managed a half-smile in his friend’s direction.
“Is that…is that what you like?” he asked, tipping his head back and allowing her to carefully wet his hair down.
Clint did hear it, and the playful smirk evaporated from his face as if it had never been there at all, morphing into warm concern. That sight in itself was reassuring enough that Tony probably could have continued the scene and been fine, but Clint wasn’t having it. He got them set up in the living room and had JARVIS put together a streaming menu of all of Tony’s favourite shows, even the embarrassing ones he would never have confessed to liking in the first place. He wrapped Tony in his heavy blanket, and held him close, and told him over and over again how good he was. When the others started trickling into the penthouse, Clint told them too, practically
“Does it bother you, that I’ve been hanging with your friend? I’m not trying to steal her away or something, she’s just really cool. It’s been a while since I worked with someone in the lab that could keep up with both the science and the snark at the same time.” Steve chuckled as he collected the pile of wrappers, bottles, cans, and other detritus that was the inevitable outcome of the team staying still for any real length of time. Most of them worked intensely physical jobs, plus many of them had physiological enhancements that had correspondingly high caloric demands; snacking was simply a fact of life in the Tower.
“Sorry to disappoint, but I really don’t remember much. We were in the middle of a battle against one of the most dangerous enemies we had ever faced, so I was thinking boring stuff like strategy and suit energy levels and listening to the check-ins from my team until pretty close to the end. By the time I realized I probably wouldn’t be making it out, that wasn’t something I really had time to dwell on…which is probably a good thing, really.”
Before he could make a quiet retreat, Dummy squealed and raced over to join in the fun. Barnes greeted him with a wave, then blinked and peered around at Tony.
“I…I don’t know what to say to any of that,” Tony mumbled into Bruce’s shirt. He liked orgasms, damn it, and it wasn’t as if he was short on jerk-off material, surrounded as he constantly was by gorgeous people who were somehow just as interested in him as he was in them. The thought that his brain, the part of him he could always count on, would just up and delete information that didn’t mesh with its perception of what counted as ‘good’ submissive behaviour…yeah, that was terrifying.
“Clint? Are you seriously in the vents with a broken ankle? Get outta there right now.” There was a bang, followed by a curse, and then a muttered ‘thanks for the heads up, JARVIS.’ Then Clint was crawling down out of the vents in his air boot, landing on Tony’s island with his hair covered in dust. “What were you doing?”
“The Infinity Stones?” Thor stood up straight, expression more grave than Steve had seen it in recent memory. “How did the
“Pretty sure I’m in charge of determining what I need, Sugar Cookie, not you. Besides, I’m saving it for later.” Before Tony could even ask about that little tidbit (saving it for what, some kind of unprecedented sex shortage?) a crisp knock preceded Thor and Phil’s entrance into the room. Phil was dressed down in those jeans that drove Tony crazy, and both he and Thor were wearing shirts in shades of green. The latter beamed and waved jauntily as they stepped inside. Thor couldn’t have presented more of a contrast to Clint if he’d tried, and yet judging from Clint’s complete lack of surprise at their presence, their clothing wasn’t the only thing about this entire encounter that had been coordinated in advance.
“Anything you want to talk about or ask me?” They were still in bed, though Clint had changed the sheets and added a comforter after the massage. Now that he knew what he was looking for, Tony could feel the edge of the drop, but it was a faint and distant thing compared to what it had been after his disastrous first scene with Bruce. Clint had him wrapped in several thick blankets, and held him close as he tipped a bottle of juice periodically into Tony’s mouth. He’d left the leather cuffs on, too, which Tony was finding he really, really liked. It was concrete proof that this had happened, and that Clint wasn’t trying to run or erase the evidence in the immediate aftermath.
“It’s also a regional thing, to a certain extent,” Rhodey added, filling up his own plate and plopping down next to Tony. “Food is a huge aspect of most Southern dynamics. It matters everywhere, of course, but in the South it’s one of the most fundamental ways Doms or switches in dominant headspace demonstrate care and affection. My Mama is a Dom and Pop is a submission-inclined switch. If he tried to prepare or cook his own food I think she might cane him on the spot.”
True to Tony’s prediction, Spider-girl was on her feet within a few seconds and back in the air. Even afterward, when they had abandoned the training session in favour of sitting on the floor and chatting, she was mostly silent. The others were far chattier. Fist Girl—Kamala, a.k.a. Ms. Marvel—was in fact rarely quiet. Only minutes in she was demanding that everyone go around and share their favourite superheroes.
“And I bet you came by that title way more legitimately than I did. It’s good to meet you, Captain Birikha.”
He stormed his way into Steve’s room first. The EDITH glasses sat on top of the nightstand, which meant someone had actually convinced Steve to leave them off his person for more than a minute or two. At any other time, Peter would have stopped to marvel at this fact alone. Now he merely cast them a bitter glare before throwing open the doors to Steve’s closet.
“Yeah I know you don’t. What I like best about that part of you is that it’s not just building, what you do, it’s creation. Beings like JARVIS and Dummy, even that ridiculous robot llama you and Clint made to torment the rest of us, they exist and they’re remarkable because you don’t treat building anything like it’s just the sum of its parts. You put yourself—your mind, your energy, your spirit—into the process of making, you give at least as much as you take. I’ve seen a lot in all my time with SHIELD, and that…that’s exceedingly rare.”
Peter had learned in the past several months that Steve, while commanding and forceful on the battlefield, was also a socially awkward and lonely guy who seemed to crave company without having the first clue as to how to really be around people. This tended to mean that the two of them spent a fair amount of time in awkward silence, a trend with which Peter generally felt fine. Given that this was Steve’s fourth attempt at starting a conversation, though, he seemed to have other plans now that they were roomies.
Content Notes: I’ve had a couple of questions about Peter’s orientation. Since it’s super relevant in this chapter, I felt like I should make a general note. Peter is a Switch.
“I just kept thinking if I made enough of them, if they were fast enough, modular enough, powerful enough, then maybe I’d finally be able to sleep, you know?” Tony added. There was a genuine pleading note in his voice, as if he was truly afraid the team might not understand or sympathize. (Maybe even more than when he’d learned of his counterpart’s brutality toward Tony, Steve hated the other version of the team then. Tony had
“You gotta eat something, Tones. They’re already freaking out about your weight, and I don’t entirely blame ‘em. Can you pick just one thing for me, one thing that feels the least un-appealing?”
Something about that option felt slightly unsatisfying, though, like a low-fat, low-carb micro-meal at a fancy restaurant when all you really wanted was a burger, dripping with grease and thick-sliced cheese and heaps of condiments. If this was going to work, really work, then Rhodey needed to feel confident seeking out people besides Steve. That still left the question of who. As much as Rhodey had embraced the weirdness of his life nowadays, the concept of texting a demigod still felt a little too mind-bending after a long day of meetings with Air Force brass. Natasha, while softer than she sometimes let on (especially with Tony), still felt too intimidating to seek out individually. Bucky seemed to have enough on his plate at present.
Even Tony couldn’t meet that explanation with malice or sarcasm. (His own bots were probably alone. He’d left instructions for their care, and he hoped Pet—someone would step up once things had settled down more, but they would definitely not be high on anyone’s list of priorities.) He couldn’t quite manage to say anything at all, at least until Dummy wheeled over to the couch and made a querying beep.
Mind already turning away from Clint and toward his work for the day, Steve barely restrained a groan. Of course. Tonight was team movie night, a tradition he’d instigated and insisted on. If he even attempted to skip it Bucky would be out for his blood, and the others would not be far behind.
“Where’s the proof, Banner?” Natasha demanded, lazily tipping her head back as Phil massaged her feet. Coulson seemed close to his own submissive headspace, and Steve wondered whether that was at least partly due to the strength and expression of Rhodes’ Dominance. It did seem like something that would resonate pretty deeply with Phil.
“Now now, none of that Sugar Cookie. I know it’s hard for eager ones like you to control themselves, but you already need help focusing on the task in front of you. Don’t want to add in anything that’ll make that harder, hmm?”
“But I can give you that,” Steve pleaded, not caring how desperate he must sound. It would be one thing if Tony didn’t want him, if he just wasn’t interested or felt too burned by Steve’s earlier mistakes with him. But he couldn’t lose Tony to nothing but misunderstandings and the ghosts that lay between them, he just couldn’t. “I can’t promise you I wouldn’t make mistakes, but I’m not him. I would never hurt you in ways like that, that don’t heal. And I know you’re tired sweetheart, I know you are, but I could give you the rest you need. It doesn’t have to be a choice like that, you don’t have to pick one and sacrifice the other. I want to help you rest, more than just about anything that’s what I want.”
An interesting query! Sexual orientation does exist to a degree, though most would not consider it a particularly important aspect to choosing a partner. I would liken it to something like hair colour or height—something that matters a great deal to some, but is certainly not a major structuring force in the majority of romantic or sexual relationships.
“So I’m calmer. My blood sugar is climbing back to normal levels. I apologize for accusing you of…coercing Peter into trying to take the world on his shoulders. He’s always done it, whatever this roided up spider did only enhanced something that was already there. But I’m still confused about your role here. Why reach out, why pay our bills, which is still something we’re coming back to later by the way? What do you want from him?”
If he was being honest, Tony had expected some real blowback after playing with something like humiliation. A bad drop, generally messed up headspace, maybe even culminating in something really self-sabotaging like a drinking binge. None of it came. The team lathered aftercare on him for hours following the scene, taking particular care to remind Tony what a brilliant, talented genius they thought he was; it made sense, he knew, given that the nature of their gentle brand of humiliation had been to imply that the functioning of Tony’s brain was impeded by his skin-hunger. However, it was also mostly unnecessary.
Steve really digs into the therapy process, and finds it harder than he expected. Meanwhile, Tony begins getting used to his new schedule, and has dinner with the team.
“Right, I forgot you were collecting social security already. My mistake.” She rolled her eyes, and for a moment she looked so much like Peter that Tony wished he could have taken a picture. Teenagers really were gonna teenager. It seemed to be an eternal law of some kind. “I don’t mean that you’re not reliable, Kamala, or that you need to stop doing what you’re doing. Honestly, you’re one of the lucky ones. You have a good family, a supportive network of friends, and a good head on your shoulders. But it’s still nice to have somewhere to go where people are going to understand. Somewhere to…” Unbidden, an image of Bruce, waiting in the labs each morning with endless patience and empathy and attention swam to the surface of Tony’s mind. “…to check in, I guess.”
“May I?” he asked, gesturing to Tony’s arm, still adorned by the watch. It was nerve-wracking in a way that was entirely out of proportion with what was actually happening. But then, Tony had rarely known his own Thor outside of battle; even outside of combat, so much of Thor’s way of being in the world had been shaped by war. (Which was why, Thor had confessed late one night when none of them could sleep after the Snap, he’d been so quick to wrap his hands around Tony’s throat. He’d rarely handled—ha!—conflict with anything but violence.)
Steve laughed and settled into his bed, fully prepared, definitely excited, bordering on elated, by the possibility that this might take all night.
This was, perhaps, an invasion of Peter’s privacy, but Steve couldn’t bring himself to feel even a little bit of guilt over it. On top of the obligation he felt to Tony, Steve would also have to deal with a very much alive and irate May Parker if anything were to happen to Peter on Steve’s watch. Not to mention Rhodes, who would probably be parenting Peter himself if he didn’t spend so much of his time off-planet…
And yet, the mythos is not entirely a fiction. It derives from something deeply real, a way in which the biological and social components of True Dominants and submissive are in near perfect alignment. Perhaps, nauseating though I may find it personally, it is better that I show you…
And that…well, that changed things. Giving up on reaching for the wheely chair, Tony settled into a cross-legged position on the floor and called his best friend. There were noises in the background that sounded like some pretty pissed off guys yelling, but Rhodey seemed his usual unflappable, if slightly impatient, self. (These kinds of conversations required the proper build-up, something Rhodey would never understand the art of.)
What had there been to say to that but yes? And really, early wake-ups aside Tony didn’t usually mind the sessions all that much. They meant he got to spend every morning with his entire team, watching how seamlessly they fought alongside one another, learning the best ways to fit into their natural rhythms. They also gave him a chance to get used to older models of the armour again, which had become a necessity not only because he first had to re-invent all the tools he needed to repair the nanotech version, but also due to the small problem of Taskmaster.
I've unearthed a draft version of the syllabus Drs. Stark and Banner used for the course and provided it below. While they undoubtedly should have taken more of my suggestions, the end result was...admirable.
“Question for a question, Tony? Is our data trading system still active outside the labs?” Bruce, Tony would later reflect, might be the most dangerous one here. One expected subterfuge and sneak-attacks from the likes of Nat or Clint or Phil. But this version of Bruce, who had all the piercing brilliance of the Banner in Tony’s own universe combined with what seemed like either heightened emotional intelligence or just the confidence to use it…he could lead you right into a trap and have you smiling the whole way there.
Did you all see that pic someone grabbed before the press conference of @Avengers hugging? They’re clinging to each other so tight you can actually see their white knuckles! My heart! #AllLoveisTrue #TraumaIsReal #MoreHugsForTony
“You know, one of my favourite things about sex used to be that it was the one area of my life that didn’t involve excessive amounts of paperwork.”
“Is that a hint?” Peter joked weakly, putting a hand in front of his mouth and pretending to smell his breath.
“Ms. Potts arrived in the Tower late yesterday afternoon. She and Sir both requested that I allow you to rest as long as was possible, but as they are now discussing information directly relevant to active SHIELD projects, my protocols dictate that you must be informed. And Sir, Ms. Potts and Agent Barton agree that your attendance is likely necessary for their conversation to move forward.”
And on some level, of course, Steve knew this better than anyone else. He’d witnessed the worst of Tony’s drunken, self-destructive rages, had pulled him out of life-threatening situations that Tony had sought out with all the determination of a heat-seeking missile. He’d seen Tony selfish and cutting and brutal, had watched him unleash the true force of his brilliant mind with cruel precision on the people who loved him best, just to prove to himself that they’d still be there when he was done. But all of this paled in comparison to Tony’s essential goodness, and the suggestion that he focus on those flaws instead left Steve incensed. He squeezed hard at the ball again.
“It’s awesome to have you involved. Those sketches you forwarded about the new quiver look fantastic.” Tony shifted uncomfortably in his seat as several of the others echoed Clint. Phil went on about how helpful Tony’s input had been for so long that Natasha eventually teased,
Steve wanted to argue the accuracy of the description, wanted to protest that the hundreds of children who had found themselves orphans in the wake of the Snap didn’t belong to Natasha. Not because her orphanage hadn’t been valuable—of all of them, Natasha’ contribution to the post-Snap world had undoubtedly been the most meaningful. Those kids worshipped Nat, sought out her unique pairing of quiet comfort and brutal honesty, the way she never softened the harshness of their reality even while she held them through tears and read them stories and tucked them into bed. Steve wanted to force those words back into Tony’s mouth and beg him to keep it closed because how could Steve have forgotten that they weren’t the only ones who had lost Natasha today. They weren’t her only family.
There's also an extended scene between Tony and Clint in this chapter. Clint is, as he warns, an intense and demanding Dominant. However, a huge portion of the scene is negotiation, and everything he does is 100% consensual.
It's a day of firsts for Peter, who reluctantly joins the Decathalon team and then spends some time with Tony in the lab.
“Do. You. Understand. Me?” Rhodey punctuated each world with a smack, and Tony could feel his skin going from warm pink towards a darker red. The next blow was lower down, closer to his thigh than his ass, and fuck Tony remembered how much thighs stung. Rhodey’s hands might not be as brutal as Natasha’s paddle, but they were hard and unyielding and so much more personal, and Tony was sobbing before he’d even had time to draw a breath.
“I…loving him, it was like seeing everything, the whole world, differently. It was…sort of like the same way the serum had effected me, but in my head.” He paused instinctively, then, waiting for Domen to laugh or express some kind of incredulity at the notion that he was comparing love to the supersoldier serum that had transformed his entire physiology, but she didn’t. She sat across from him, patient and focused and taking notes on her ever-present tablet, and he felt a surge of gratitude where he once might have been irritated or hurt by her emotional removal.  "When I first woke up here all I wanted was to go back. All I could see was what I'd lost, and the ways that the future was disappointing. With Tony…I could see its potential. I could imagine its future, picture myself making it better. It…he made me…kinder, more patient, more generous.”
“Uh oh, even the other weirdo doesn’t want to be paired with you, Penis. Do you think it was the smell that finally got to her, or did she realize that you’ve been getting by mainly on luck so far?”
Content Notes: This is an emotionally intense chapter. Normally I wouldn't warn for feelings, but, well, I know some of us have had all the feelings we can handle just now!
“Exactly. He’s given us permission to help him explore and a few places to start. He makes no promises about where that exploration will lead, and if any of you require more solid information before deciding to proceed with a relationship with Tony then that’s fine, but you need to tell me now.” The room was silent, except for the sound of Thor taking a poorly timed bite of an apple that made several of them laugh nervously.
Steve had learned to enjoy anticipation. For so long after he’d come out of the ice, and then again after Tony had died, he hadn’t been interested or even capable of looking toward the future. What use was looking forward when all he had wanted was to go back? Bu Steve had scratched and clawed his way back to a healthier, more hopeful place. It was the hardest battle he’d ever fought, but now he got to enjoy the fruits of all that labour, including the pleasant anticipation of a whole future with his partners.
“Just a ton of reading that I barely understand for the new program. I don’t know, Tony, I’m starting to wonder if I really was right to stir all this up. It’s made so many problems already, and not just for me.”
“You were saving yourself for my Rhodey, weren’t you?” Clint choked on the energy drink he’d been downing, and maybe even blushed a little. Seriously, the effect Rhodey had on the rest of the team was never not going to be delightful. No one, except Tony who loved and adored Rhodey but wasn’t sexually interested in him in the slightest, seemed immune. They all turned into shy, almost bumbling fools around the guy, and it was truly the best entertainment money couldn’t buy.
“Want to take a walk, go check out the shop?” Natasha slipped her arm through the loop of his elbow, deftly guiding him down the stairs as the others made pleasant conversation about the challenges of cliffside architecture; Rhodey, who had helped him build and design the place in this universe as well as Tony’s own, was a font of useful insight on this front.
“And look, I get that Tony’s presence and your role in his parent’s deaths might be stirring some of that up again. But I don’t actually buy that your mental health is regressing to the degree that you would reach for an entity that’s essentially a kind of alternate personality. I’m getting none of the other indicators I’d be looking for to substantiate a mental break like that. So I’m forced to suspect one of two things: either that we were wrong about the Soldier the entire time, or that his role in your life now is different to what it was then.”
“I’m not entirely sure that’s true.” Natasha had positioned herself so that most of her face and body were masked by shadows created by the dim lighting and setting sun. She hasn’t used those kinds of tactics to hide from them in ages, but even for her this was not bound to be an uncontroversial statement and she undoubtedly knew it. “Even leaving aside his response to the hand feeding, I’m fairly certain he’s been practicing kneeling. The pillow keeps moving a few inches here and there every couple of days. He was limping with no known cause the other morning and avoided answering questions about the reason, and he blushes every time he looks anywhere near that corner of the room.” There was another noise that Steve wasn’t sure didn’t originate from him, at least not until he saw Clint put a hand on Phil’s shoulder and murmur something that Steve couldn’t quite hear.
Another compelling line of inquiry! Bravo! I think the possibility of adynmic sex is honestly not something that would have occurred to many in the D/s universe even ten years ago. The veneration of True identities, as we’ve seen, is in some ways symptomatic of a larger attachment to the notion of more intense orientations always being ‘better.’
“Then you stay. You say whatever you want at the press conference—we’ll back you whichever way you decide to go. We make it through the celebration a couple days after, and then after that I would suggest we all have our schedules clear for a couple weeks at least. I mean really clear: no missions, no call-outs barring apocalyptic conditions, no SI or SHIELD or any of it. The press will be a nightmare for a while anyway; it’s impossible even to do Avengers work when they’re out in the kind of force I imagine they will be, they just put everyone in more danger. And if we decide we’re really going to do this, then I want to go somewhere away from everything else and have some dedicated, focused time to spend together reconnecting and figuring out what our life is going to look like.”
Desperate for something, anything else, to focus on, he turned back to the contract, trying to imagine looking at it from the position of a complete outsider. Really, Tony had chosen his source well, since Steve’s position had once been not all that dissimilar to his own. He’d grown up in a universe with orientation, of course, but in the inter-War and Depression eras, the  methods of communication and organization surrounding them had been far simpler. When he’d woken in the new century, he’d had his own learning curve to master.
“If someone has managed to give that back to him—give Tony back to himself? Let him have a chance to heal, hand the fight off to someone else for a while? Shit. The last thing I’d ever want is for him to come back here.”
Bruce was clearly bewildered and a little bit hurt by the outburst, and for a few minutes after that the whole conversation seemed kind of doomed. But Tony hadn’t counted on Thor, whose natural and simple sweet nature was pretty much made for these kind of scenarios.
The bots took off, charging down the centre of the workshop at full speed. Butterfingers, who never failed to treat it as a race regardless of the fact that stopping was the actual point of the exercise, used her arm to grab something off one of the tables and chuck it at Dummy, who responded by altering his course to nearly steer her into You. Ever the eldest sibling in attitude if not in creation date, You made a tired sounding protest that sounded like it was directed at Tony. When they neared the end of the shop, You and Dummy both took wide turns around the benches and began hurtling back the opposite direction. Butterfingers, meanwhile, didn’t bother to turn around and showed off the impressive speed of her reverse mode instead. Tony let them get closer to himself and Barnes than he would have normally, just to see what the other man would do, but he appeared entirely unconcerned by the sight of three heavy and manic machines bearing down on them both. He was too busy whooping and cheering the bots on. (Tony didn’t think he’d ever seen the guy really smile before. It was a good look on him.)
Though Steve continued to reject all of the junior agent’s attempts to pry into his personal life, the flight was still faster and more pleasant than he would have anticipated. It was a relief to be around someone who had no affiliation with the Avengers, someone who neither knew nor cared what was going on in the Tower. Usually he appreciated the way that the team was so utterly encompassing. At the beginning when he’d had nothing else he had welcomed the way their strong personalities and wide mix of needs, preferences, and interests formed a such an enveloping web around themselves. Team, family, friends—they sustained one another in every possible way; Steve could, and often had, gone days without leaving the Tower or speaking to anyone else except for his morning runs. (It had been another reason he and Tony had struggled with one another at first; of all of them, Tony had had the richest and most involved life outside of the Avengers, and Steve had come to realize that he had initially feared and resented that, frightened to need to Tony in ways that he didn’t seem able or willing to reciprocate.) But when the team was under stress from within, that same pleasantly overwhelming quality could morph into something else entirely, a suffocating and paralyzing thing that only heightened Steve’s tendencies to dwell and obsess.
Peter huffed, filled with a dual sense of embarrassment and amusement. He’d had Ned back in his life as a friend for less than 24 hours. Why was he so determined to make himself miserable by turning it into something else entirely?
Holy crap, y'all. I'm getting so much amazing feedback from you, not just in terms of volume but also passion, and it just makes me so happy. I love that some of you feel so strongly about specific characters or storylines, and I love seeing you discuss them with me and each other. Thank you! And please keep those comments and kudos and #AskStrange questions coming!
That kind of praise was still next to impossible to take no matter how much the team insisted on heaping it on him during aftercare; like Bruce, though, Steve always seemed to pair the harder parts of aftercare with something easier to take. In this case, it was the chance to lick and suck the fruit juice from Steve’s fingers. Several hours later, when Tony would have probably started growing restless about the enforced idleness of remaining on the couch, it was the chance to work…sort of.
Tony’s first scene as a Dominant didn’t end up being a particularly extended one. Thor was incredibly keyed up, moreso than Tony ever would have expected from someone with so much experience under his proverbial belt. And the others, in between occasionally calling out suggestions and modifications to Bucky’s instructions, had fooled around on their own smaller groups. The whole thing had taken probably less than an hour, though there had been plenty of aftercare afterward.
“Yeah, I think there are several things we should say to each other,” she snapped. Clint turned back to glance at Tony, and for just a few seconds his features softened, frustration morphing into concern and something almost resembling awe. And that, far more than his attempts to make her feel unwelcome, made her flush with guilt.
Leaving while the workplace orientation pilot program had still been in its infancy, that had been perhaps a bit more daunting. There had, from all reports, been some growing pains: confused, jealous partners of agents had required a lot of time and care in the early days; some agents who hadn’t realized how sexual their expression off Domination or submission were had ended up needing to leave the program, which was strictly non-sexual; and pretty much everyone involved had struggled at one point or another with some of the more negative reactions that still existed about the very idea of the program.
“Oh please. I lived with this dude in Wakanda for months. Ain’t nothin’ interesting about his brooding act, trust me.”
“Why, though?” Tony wanted to know. “Steve would go with you, he’d be way more of a challenge for someone like you. Sir.”
Tony was…fine. Really, truly at peace with the scene, and with the part of him that had asked to be treated that way. In his own world it would have been weird as hell; he likely never would have known or thought to ask for it in the first place. But here, well, it was hard to get self-conscious about much when his partners were practically begging him to explore, to be greedy, to take what he wanted. Tony barely even wrestled with himself when he found that he was missing check-in the next morning, despite the fact that it was his day off from subbing. He found Bruce in the sunroom, sprawled across a lounge chair in linen pants and a loose blue tunic reading a book and sipping from a tall glass of lemonade on a table next to him. He was the very image of relaxation, loose-limbed and content, and Tony’s heart ached pleasantly to see it. He hoped that wherever Bruce had wound up in Tony’s old world, he felt half this good.
“I prefer acting in whatever capacity my submissive most requires.” Her fingernails felt fucking heavenly against his scalp as she worked a bit of his shampoo in, and he groaned. “I enjoy many things, I am skilled in most areas; the Red Room encouraged us to diversify our talents and interests as much as possible. At one point in my life that was something I tried to undo. I wanted a…firmer, more defined sense of who I was as a Dominant. Press your neck back into my fingers, with as much pressure as you can.”  Tony valiantly tried to keep the thread of conversation clear in his mind as Natasha pushed at the place where his skull joined his neck.
“It’s just, usually when people date they do it in the evening, when their hair is washed, and they’re dressed, and…” Tony trailed off as he took in his surroundings. They were in the media room that Tony had used to view footage of Mark II, but alongside one wall were mounted a series of clear dispensers containing what looked to be breakfast cereals. He recognized a couple, like Apple Jacks and Captain Crunch, from his childhood; others, like one that looked to be chocolate-chip cookies in cereal form, promised brand new transports of sugar, preservatives and other delightfully dubious ingredients. The massive screen at the front of the room was playing an old episode of Scooby Doo. “Okay, is this some kind of body-swapping scenario? Clint, if it’s you in there you can tell me.” Phil laughed.
history—well, a version of me. It’s pretty damn unfair of the team to ask me do this shit and then put restrictions on my access to relevant information.”
Before he could work his way into much of a panic, Thor was moving Tony effortlessly across the bed, positioning him on his front with a pillow under his chest. Clint got off the bed, padded almost-silently across the room in that spy way of his and returned with something Tony couldn’t see.
“No, buddy, you’ve been perfect. Amazing. Way more than I deserve, honestly—” This garnered several energetic protests that Tony waved away. “Look, Steve’s right. It’s not you guys at all, it’s me. This, you all—it’s a lot. And you didn’t make me get swept up in it, none of you; I dove in head fucking first because that’s that I wanted. I wanted to just enjoy you and this universe and not think too hard about any of the rest of it. But now everything is so—well, I can’t
He hadn’t asked Rhodey or Bruce much about this universe, this version of his team. In the end, his Avengers had barely been a team anyway, just a chemical reaction like Bruce had said, held together only occasionally by desperation and necessity. Tony didn’t need an inside track on how they were going to fall apart in this universe. Or hey, maybe with Tony apparently dead they wouldn’t fall out at all. Maybe all these people had ever really needed from him was a Tower and funding and gear, and then for Tony to disappear entirely.
“Tea?” Natasha offered, dangling a bag between the tips of her middle and ring fingers. “The kettle isn’t off limits, and black tea has less caffeine than coffee. Not technically breaking the rules.”
Content Notes: This chapter contains non-sexual punishment for a 'real life' (that is, non-scene based) transgression. If you want to avoid that, skip the section beginning "Tony was still tingling from a combination of..."
Sam knows all the reasons that the overrepresentation of people of colour in the military is not necessarily a good thing. That doesn’t make it mean a damn thing less to stand there and receive a compliment from a man like Rhodes, someone who knows exactly the kinds of barriers Sam has faced to be standing here now—the kinds of barriers he will continue to face should he accept the shield somewhere down the road the way Steve and Bucky have both been encouraging him to do. He manages a stiff nod, and Rhodes smiles like he knows why it is that Sam can’t offer more.
“Okay, so Tony'll be able to get there within say four hours; we both have permission to use hospital helipads to land. I’ll be a couple hours behind him. You lot will have to do some of the same nonsense you did on the way here to keep the press in the dark, but—”
Bruce abandoned his steady exploration of Tony’s chest to massage the growing tension at Tony’s neck and shoulders.
“S’okay. I kinda deserved it. But don’t you, I mean, it really doesn’t disappoint you to imagine lying like this, maybe indefinitely? I know you, Steve, telling the truth is practically coded into your DNA.” Steve shrugged.
Being held like that, without Steve giving any indication that keeping Tony’s 200-and-change pound body suspended in mid-air was even costing him much in the way of effort or energy, was so suddenly and intensely erotic that it hurt, like a charge that shot all the way through every one of his nerve endings. He whined into Steve’s open mouth as he carried Tony down the hall with singular, focused purpose.
“Please, for my sanity. It’s all I can do not to call Momma for every recipe she’s got and cook you up about a fifteen course breakfast right now.” Tony was not the only one whose laugh sounded a little shaky, but gradually conversation and all the usual chaos of the team at mealtimes resumed.
Finally, there is a brief misunderstanding where Steve assumes Tony is suicidal. It's cleared up immediately, but also easily skipped if necessary. Just avoid the paragraph beginning "The fatalism of that sounded entirely too familiar."
“I’m still waiting for an answer, Tony, and I think you’re well aware that I don’t particularly care for repeating myself.” Steve let Dominance sharpen the edges of his tone that time, and crossed his arms over his chest. Several of the Switches in the room flinched, and Tony himself lost the whining, bratty quality his voice and mannerisms had taken on in favour of an almost matter-of-fact report.
“So, about that condo I sent you a link to?” There was a distinct edge of relief to May’s expression, even as she made a show of glaring.
“Tony, today I had to convince someone that they could not in fact have cured their HPV with a magnet they bought off of Etsy. Believe me when I tell you that whatever you have to say is not going to phase me.”
“Put him through.” A soft click was the only audible indication that the call had been transferred from JARVIS’s private line to that of the Tower; Tony didn’t say anything, though Steve could hear the faint sound of a glass being set down roughly on top of something and skidding. “Tony?”
In which the events of last chapter are replayed from Tony's POV, and the Steve/Tony showdown finally happens.
Tony and Steve discuss potential career changes and prepare to celebrate Christmas. The Tower receives an unexpected visitor.
“I don’t like lying to Director Rogers, even by omission,” was her greeting. Tony sighed and led her off the helipad and into the Tower. The penthouse was clear, he’d made sure that would be the case before confirming Dr. Chimva’s travel itinerary, and she appeared thoroughly unimpressed as she strode through it.
Peter very nearly groaned aloud when he realized that it wasn’t even the Avengers on the screen now. He supposed it wasn’t all that surprising that Tony’s running SHIELD would eventually mean his obsessive attention to detail would trickle over into that arena as well. Peter also had zero desire to witness it brought to bear on random agents.
“This isn’t from armour he was wearing on the battlefield,” he whispered. He reached out to touch the helmet, half certain it would fade away into nothing before he could make contact. “That armour, it was almost destroyed, there was barely anything left of it—” Strange’s hand reached the helmet first, and Peter had a brief but strong urge to smack it away before he noticed the eyes were now illuminated by an achingly familiar blue-white light.
“I know, right? I tried to tell her that wage theft is a time-honoured mode of anti-capitalist resistance, but—”
Thor’s tongue in his mouth brought Tony’s blurted attempts at some kind of vow to a halt, for which he should probably be grateful. He tasted like processed sugar and more of Bruce’s lemonade (seriously, there was something weird in that stuff, there had to be) and Tony wished that he had a single ounce of energy left to turn it into anything more than a quiet promise. When they broke, Thor smiled and touched his cheek.
“You won’t…you won’t leave, will you?” Tony asked. Steve’s heart clenched even as a part of him wanted to laugh at the irony. If Tony had any idea of just how many people it would take to force Steve from this room right now…
For a few minutes Phil let them just set there, slowly alternating his pressure on Tony’s neck and occasionally adjusting his posture to ensure Tony stayed comfortable. He might honestly have dozed if left like that for too long; all the renewed talk about bloodwork amidst the threat that Tony’s identity might be challenged was enough to keep him up at night. But he was just as glad when Phil spoke.
He should have been desperate to get downstairs. The labs? With Bruce, and a whole new realm of science to conquer? And did he mention the Bruce of it all? But then that was rather the problem. Until now, Tony had been able to tell himself that his departure from the Tower was imminent. He could never go back to his home dimension, sure, not without risking undoing all the team had done to put things right. But neither had he intended to stay here, surrounded by a team that wasn’t his, and who wanted so
2. Dr. Banner is aware that his counterpart was absent from Tony Stark’s life for several years, but as he himself has not been alone since the 2012 attacks on New York, he finds the idea deeply unsettling. I do not believe he has raised many questions about the specifics.
“You may.” Then, one by one, Phil had offered up each of the spheres into Natasha’s hands, each with a word or phrase that signalled which topic they represented.
Content Notes: The first response contains brief allusions to stereotypical ideas about gender and sexuality from our universe. (The Doctor is, obviously, not speaking in favour of them!) The third response is Rhodey's POV during the punishment scene from chapter 46, so all the warnings from that chapter apply. Otherwise, I don't think there's anything requiring separate warnings or notes in these ones; as always, feel free to let me know if you have questions or concerns.
He stood, managing not to waver on his feet as he carefully stripped out of the too-tight band t-shirt and folded it into a neat square that he deposited at the foot of the bed. Tony never would have left it that way, but Steve couldn’t bear to throw it casually to the floor as his lover would have done. Bucky waited, undisguised concern written across his features. Steve was too used to that now to bother looking away or attempting to hide himself from that scrutiny. He knows what they see when they look at him.
“Because we are not leavin’ you, you stubborn bastard. I know you’n me, things haven’t been quite the same since I got back. I know I’m not who I was, and that’s hard for you sometimes.”
Sooooo....last chapter was the most comments any chapter I've published in any verse has ever received. And they were all heart-warmingly kind and positive and you all are just awesome. Thank you! And please keep those kudos and comments coming!
“Bruce says cortisol really impacts orientation here. How could you tell the difference between him needing to submit and him just having a shitty day at the office? They’d all manifest as stress symptoms, wouldn’t they?” Natasha smiled, leaning over to refill Tony’s coffee from the press he’d brought with him while she considered the question.
“Believe it or not, it creates short-term telepathy. It’s come in handy a few times when we haven’t had access to the comms, or when I’m treating someone who’s unable to speak but can open their mouth.”
“You’re really gonna chastise me about skimping on food, after all the shit you’ve pulled int he past coupla years?” Bucky could turn vicious when he really wanted to avoid something, and fairly often his efforts to distract Steve by enraging him were successful. Bucky did, after all, know all the right buttons to push to really piss him off. This morning, though, Steve was prepared for it. He pulled the comforter and sheets unceremoniously away from Bucky and tossed a pair of jeans and a worn green henley into his lap. (He ached to be more tender toward his oldest friend, but even though he seemed to have emerged from the soldier’s grasp on his headspace, Bucky still wouldn’t be ready to accept any kind of gentleness yet.)
Tuesday’s press conference seemed to take this approach even a step further. Tony revealed that Stark Industries, in a desperate attempt to avoid the release of the report Howard Stark had commissioned and then covered-up, demanded that Tony ‘confirm’ his identity by submitting to an invasive and extensive blood panel. The results, which Tony and an independent testing group from Wakanda made available to the public, of course confirmed that he is precisely who he says he is. But rather than take this as a victory, Stark concluded his address to the public by challenging the very premise of the question. I will quote him in full below, because this part of the press conference has been, to my mind, dramatically under-reported, and it shouldn’t be because it’s brilliant.
He and Bruce talked for a couple more hours after that. Bruce discussed switches (who made up most of the population, and who, Bruce stressed, were not essentially baseline; they needed elements of both Dominance and submission intensely); he detailed the ways in which Orientation testing had shifted in recent years to allow for social factors to also play a role; and he noted some of the biological and anatomical impacts of orientation (submissives, for instance, had knee-joints with enhanced flexibility that made it possible for them to kneel for long periods with no negative effects). The latter made Tony’s mind flash back to a purple pillow on the floor of the penthouse living room, and he grinned.
Conversation came to a brief but palpable stop, however, when Tony stepped into the kitchen. He was wearing dark washed jeans and what Steve mentally referred to as a ‘dress-up’ t-shirt; it didn’t have a band name on it, and it wasn’t torn or stained from time in the shop. He was pretty sure, actually, that it was one of the items he’d bought while out shopping with Rhodey, which was a pleasant surprise; Tony was still struggling with spending other people’s money, and he tended to treat even inexpensive purchases from that trip like precious commodities that would wither if exposed to air or direct sunlight.
Clint is also a bit sharp and short with Pepper at the end of this chapter. As Steve's POV told us last time, D/s Tony had drifted away from Pepper and Rhodey a bit before he died. So it comes partially out of Clint being upset that his aftercare with Tony is being interrupted, but it's also the product of some lingering discomfort with the fact that this version of Tony clearly wants and needs Pepper and Rhodey to be more of a presence in his life. It's not their deliberate intent to be cutting him off from his friends, and it is something he and the team will eventually work through. But it's here, and could potentially be triggering for some.
They had all grown used to the closer relationship with that Bruce and Hulk were working on developing, but this particular entrance still made Coulson jump, then laugh aloud and wish he could take Hulk up on his proposal. It would certainly make compiling this document more efficient.
“Moritifed,” Steve grinned, unable to help himself. Because even despite his embarrassment, which was no doubt very much sincere, Tony was practically alight with the pleasure that only a submissive who knew right down into their bones that they had pleased their Dominant (or Dominants, in this case) could exude. Even if his mind was still catching up and would likely be working through it for some time, some part of Tony had already accepted what had happened enough to take pride in himself.
Pepper is forced to play detective at the Tower when an unexpected visitor shows up in her office (and refuses to leave.)
“I’m going to show you,” Steve vowed, later when Tony was half asleep in his arms. “I love you and I’m going to show you what that really means.”
suit and JARVIS and Dummy with his fire extinguisher and his apparent free-reign to visit the Tower’s residents and his claw hovering over Tony’s arc reactor. That’s why they’d let him come down here, to the place he’s always felt safest and happiest. It was definitely why they weren’t asking many questions about their inter-universe counterparts, but still using the knowledge they had to their best advantage. He hadn’t said much about Coulson to Rhodey last night, but Tony’s silence (and the way he’d been unable to stop staring at the guy when he’d first come through the portal) had probably been telling enough. They knew there was something different about Coulson, and they weren’t above using that to get what they wanted.
The issue of Iron Man is also one that Coulson is interested in trying to tease out. D/s Tony had begun speaking of retirement, but also showed little inclination to actually stop serving as Iron Man alongside the rest of his team. MCU Tony, meanwhile, has yet to repair his suit, something that Coulson suspects but has not yet confirmed.
Steve was rattling around the kitchen in search of Thor’s juice and the pixie stix he tended to inhale after scenes when he heard it. That was…well, it definitely sounded like moaning. Was Tony’s side bothering him again? If it was bad enough to have him up in the penthouse in the middle of the day, making those kinds of sounds…
Then there had been four call-outs in three days. Compared to Thanos it was minor stuff, really, but always weird or serious enough that local law enforcement requested enhanced backup. One day the contents of some kind of inter-galactic zoo had been let loose in Central Park; Thor had managed to be both their biggest hindrance and their best source of intel for that one, vacillating between gleefully pointing out his childhood favourites and offering useful and often counter-intuitive advice about how to contain them. (Who would have guessed that a giant message-delivering squirrel would turn out to be a huge gossip, easily distracted by the wonders of Tumblr and Reddit?) Another mission had involved the recovery of several stolen pieces of technology from a civilization Coulson had called the Kree. (The stuff had been impressive as hell; Tony was still studying it, and was more grateful very day that the group that had been using it had seemed unaware of half of what it was capable of.)
He stood there, frozen, one leg in his pants and one out, until a short knock preceded Rhodey’s entrance into the room. His best friend did not appear at all surprised by Tony’s state, nor did he give off a single hint of pity. He helped Tony into his pants, thrust a shirt at him and matter-of-factly informed him that he needed to wash up and be in the kitchen within ten minutes.
“I don’t know why he’s insisting on holding the press conference beforehand. I keep telling him that we might as well use the goodwill that will be garnered by a free event with lots of famous people and lots of booze to announce that his own company is claiming he’s not who he says he is, but he’s being stubborn. Even moreso than usual.”
Rhodes crosses the room in a few strides until he is standing in front of James Barnes. The Winter Soldier. One of the most feared assassins in the world. A man whose name is still uttered in whispers. Rhodes slaps him on the head with the pile of shoes he’s still holding in one hand. Then he continues speaking as if Bucky had never interrupted.
Steve’s Dominant headspace was engrossing enough that even he expected the mention of Tony’s once-intimate relationship with his CEO to enrage him. Instead, he found himself hurting for the both of them: for Tony isolated and terrified, cleaving to the one aspect of his life that made him feel slightly less lost, and Pepper, overwhelmed and out of her depth in the face of the numerous recent traumas that had radically and permanently altered Tony’s life. It was no real wonder that they hadn’t been able to make their relationship work; that was too damn much for just two people to carry almost entirely on their own.
“Right now I’m focusing on currying favour with some of the lesser systems. I managed to get control over the lights yesterday night, but it was sadly short-lived.”
“Look, I know you and I aren’t good at talkin’ about this kinda shit, but I need you to know I wasn’t trying to pressure or rush you the other night. Or maybe I was, but I shouldn’ta been. I just…got scared, I guess. Felt like you were like, doing the usual self-sacrificing bullshit and giving us permission to leave you for him or something.”
After a confusing morning, Tony retreats to the safest spot in the Tower. Steve attempts an apology.
Thanks for being patient with me this week, all. Having to miss post last week was unfortunate, but there was just a lot going on. Thankfully, I should be able to keep up with the regular schedule going forward.
He listened to Tony’s feedback about everything, actually, and took about ninety percent of his proposals including the dozens of obstacles and threats he insisted they throw at Barnes out of sheer pettiness. Maybe Phil didn’t protest that because the other man hardly seemed upset by any of it; with unnerving speed and flexibility, Barnes almost danced through the course, shouting taunts and laughing in surprise when Tony and Phil actually managed to hit him with something.
“Well there are ten shirts and three pairs of underwear here. No socks. No pants, even. So if you intend to take this domestic thing of yours full time, I’m going to have some notes for you, buddy.” Taking very unkindly to what was apparently an unacceptable delay, Dummy yanked the blankets entirely off the bed, and then focused his lens pretty clearly on the sweater Tony had fallen asleep in the night before. The bot began rolling ominously forward, claw extended, and Tony leapt out of bed. “Okay, okay, I’m up! And I might vomit—oh, no, we’re good. Okay, I'm up. No need to start ripping my clothes off. While I put something on that
He did make it through most of the scene, right up until Steve tried to kiss him again while he fucked him. The dissonance of that gentleness with the surfacing memories of what it had been to sub for Sunset had Tony viciously shoving back onto Steve’s cock, demanding his Dom take him harder and stop fucking around.
Content Warnings for this chapter: Tony's still grieving pretty hard in this chapter, and struggling even harder with food as a result. (I swear this isn't going to be like a massive plot point in the story, it's just very prevalent right now because of all the immediate stressors he's under and the recentness of the experiences we see him have in the trailers for Endgame.)  The team also struggles with some issues of jealousy when they're not able to help him. Those scenes would be hard to read around, to be honest, but if anyone wants to try let me know and I can try to help you figure out how to redact it.
He wanted so desperately to be good for them, for there to be good memories for them all to cling to if things went south, that he ended up taking it a little farther than he intended. It started with one small lie, a fib really. He couldn’t think of a damn thing to say to fulfill Coulson’s homework, so he googled a list of affirmations, made a couple of quick changes, and sent it off. And Phil was so proud, he kissed Tony breathless when he saw him and he stole all the leftover coffee cake to feed him for dessert. The anxiety was making food damn near impossible to handle, but they were always so happy to hand-feed Tony that he let them do it pretty much constantly, even though it felt like a rock in his gut when the meals were over. Bruce commented happily on the uptake in his food consumption at check-ins, and the knot of guilt and shame drew a little tighter around Tony.
“Well it smelled like you. Closest I could get while you’re off running the world.” Steve inhaled sharply, his grip on the back of Tony’s neck tightening for a few seconds and then releasing. “Was there something in particular you were hoping to see when you watched me?”
“Pietro Maximoff has attacked seven people in the past six weeks! This stuff isn’t like the movies. I didn’t have time to give you his villain origin story before I got you the hell out of there! And while I’m extremely sorry that you’re pissed about it, believe me when I tell you I’d have done the same thing if you were any other enhanced person trying to take on Pietro alone. Not only is he fast enough that even you can’t track him, but he’s volatile and unpredictable. There is no one in the world I would send in to face him alone.”
“Don’t ask me anymore, Steve. I made a promise, and I’ll tell you if you force me to as your second, but I’m requesting that you don’t. Not yet.”
“I…now is not the time to discuss this—” Steve wasn’t at an angle where he could see precisely what it was that Bucky did with his face, but whatever it was turned out to be effective as hell. Phil threw his hands in the air and sighed. “Yeah, okay, sure. More time in Dominant headspace would have been good.”
In a horrible parody of that act, one of Thor’s large hands encircled Tony’s wrist. If he’d been so inclined, it would probably take Thor less than a second to break the bone, maybe Tony’s whole arm. His fingers traced the outline of the band with almost unfathomable gentleness, and Tony wondered how much work Thor had to put in to regulating his own power enough to achieve that kind of touch. When the demigod’s index finger made to slide under the watch’s face, Tony flinched. Instantly, the entire hand withdrew.
“Trust me, if I could figure out how to get the three of us out of here without alerting the others and forcing JARVIS into several uncomfortable positions we’d already be gone.” While Steve was still digesting the fact that he was not, apparently, the only one who would consider abducting their partner to save him from himself, Natasha had already turned her attention to other matters. “JARVIS, is he still in with Potts?”
The gag was…odd. Tony had spent most of his life surrounded by people who wanted to shut him up, so handing it over on a silver platter like this felt a little counter-intuitive. And at first he had to fight the reflexive urge, borne of too many childhood kidnpappings and pranks at university gone wrong, to resist the intrusion, to bite down or use his tongue to try to try to press the ball out of his mouth. He took several long breaths in through his nose, and stared up at Natasha, who smiled back with a warmth he once wouldn’t have believed her capable of.
“The 31st floor is now locked down. Proceed to conference room 3-B for further instructions.” None of this was remotely similar to any of the protocols Tony had established in his own world to handle internal or external threats to the Tower. It was possible that the team had changed some of those things in the wake of their Tony’s death, but it still didn’t make sense for JARVIS to be giving them so little to go on, or directing them to a specific room rather than…than…
He’d thought that was what he wanted today when he’d sought Clint out after a particularly frustrating day at SI. And when Clint had started a scene pretty clearly designed to play with Tony’s complex but intense humiliation kink, it had seemed like the right choice. At least until Clint had implied that he’d probably use a dildo on himself rather than ride Tony the way he’d promised.
Tony truly intended to let Steve leave him at the elevator door if that was what he wanted. Steve liked to take things slow, he knew, and tonight had been so intense on a number of levels already. Stepping back was the smart, responsible way to play this, to make sure they didn’t end up going too far too fast. Sure, the thought of Steve actually leaving kind of made his skin crawl, but at least letting him go for tonight meant Steve would probably be more inclined to come back sooner, right? And maybe in the meantime Tony could convince Rhodey to come snuggle him and 'accidentally' fall asleep in his friend's lap.
“Ah. Right. You’ve never been with us immediately post-battle, have you? And I’m guessing your old team just did whatever the hell they wanted?” Tony nodded his confirmation, for once not really seeing the problem with how the other version of the team had done things. “Yeah. No one gets outta med-check or debrief here. No one.” There was such finality in the archer’s tone that Tony was intrigued despite himself.
Content Notes: Lots of big feelings in this chapter, folks. Tony is obviously still working through the trauma of having lost his own Peter in his universe, as well as with his decision to stay away from his own universe. With big feelings sometimes come disagreements, so Steve and Tony have it a bit rough in this one.
There’s a brutal edge to Bucky’s tone that Steve, on guard against Sam’s particular brand of gentle attack, simply does not see coming. He’s not used to looking for any kind of an attack from Bucky, really, because while the man had no issues calling him on his bullshit in the past, there had always been an underlying assumption that they would always agree on the things that truly mattered. Till the end of the line.
Phil had given this particular element of Tony a great deal of thought ever since Bruce had made similar claims about his reactions the previous evening. They knew so little about cross-dimensional travel that there was simply no way of gauging how likely or unlikely the kinds of changes Bruce was talking about really were. And certainly that kind of metamorphosis would solve many of their current problems.
“This isn’t a good time.” (Yeah, no kidding.) Pepper glanced passed him, seeking and finding Tony sprawled across the couch. There was something she couldn’t quite place about his body language, and sure it was odd that he didn’t at least shout a hello to her himself, but if Tony was here and clearly available, it seemed like nothing but a territorial power play that Clint was attempting to refuse her entry.
“I…can I keep looking at this while you do…whatever it is?” Bruce spared a brief glance toward the holoscreen and smiled.
He was still careful with Clint, of course; Steve was a lot of things he could barely recognize these days, but negligent had never been one of them. He prepped Clint with care, cautious of the impact his size and strength even as Clint gave every signal that he was ready, working his hips to rock back into the dildo and clawing at the sheets. When he finally pushed his way into Clint, he murmured all of the things he knew Clint needed to hear, a gentle medley of guidance and encouragement and praise. (Tony would have hated it. At least until he was far down enough to be receptive; then, like the flick of a switch, he’d be so desperate for approval that it broke Steve’s fucking heart. Every time.) When the time came for aftercare, he bathed the lax, content body of his teammate, hand fed him, and carefully tended to minor abrasions, most of which were leftover from battle, not their scene. Then he tucked Clint into Steve’s own bed. Clint fell asleep warm, secure and likely completely unaware that Steve’s arms still ached to hold someone else entirely.
That last regretful note was dated right around the time that Tony would have been conceived. Or could he really call what had apparently brought him into the world conception, when really he was a product of the Soul Stone as much as Howard and Maria Stark?
Content Notes: (These are particularly spoilery, so feel free to skip if you have no major triggers.) Steve makes a somewhat sudden decision due to circumstances to step in and Dom for Tony in this chapter. Tony is exhausted and distressed, so his ability to consent is murky. Steve makes every effort to mitigate these issues (keeping someone with them, having others perform any particularly intimate acts, and absolutely no sex occurs), but if under-negotiated kink is an issue for you, it might be worth giving this one a miss. We'll see a lot more conversation between them in future chapters, so this will only be a temporary issue anyway.
Natasha proved to be just as devastatingly competent with a strap as she was with a paddle. She let the leather sit on his skin after each blow for a second longer than Steve had done, producing a reverberating echo of pain that was almost as bad as the initial hit. Tony was still managing to resist the urge to cry by the time she was finished, though he honestly didn’t know how he was managing it.
“In the meantime, as long as you both assure me you’ve had an in-depth conversation about your limits and boundaries and provide me with a copy of your contract to keep on file in case of emergencies, I’ll plan on turning a blind eye to whatever else happens.” Talia was barely listening now, he knew, so Steve mentally planned on repeating the last part of what he needed to say at a later date. But, even if only for Masdee’s benefit, he needed to make this clear as quickly as possible. “Agent Avelino, that means you’re under the General’s command rather than my own from this point forward. I will not be interfering with how she chooses to go about that any more than I would take over for another Dominant in private without clear permission. That will include if you earn any disciplinary measures. Are we clear?”
Tony batted away the blending sponge Pepper was using to rub yet more concealer under his eyes with a cry of victory. They’d elected to take home field advantage for the venue of the press conference, so the two of them (plus Coulson, who stood in the doorway in an impeccable suit, his careful air of unflappable calm already in place) were in one of the small meeting rooms on the first floor of Avengers Tower while Steve finished reading his prepared remarks. (Unlike Tony, he had stuck to the cards, not so much as a comma out of place.) Beyond identifying Wanda as Mark II’s killer, it turned out the team had never released much in the way of detail about how the guy had died, fearing attempts to emulate Wanda’s staggering degree of power. This made it almost scarily easy for the team to now claim, as Steve was in the midst of doing, that Tony had been in some kind of magical stasis this entire time, alive but unexpected to ever regain consciousness.
“Great to see you, Tony, but get outta the way! I don’t trust myself to bank very smoothly here, and I’m supposed to be targeting Thor,” a modulated voice that Tony instantly recognized as decidedly
It went down pretty much exactly as Steve and Natasha predicted. Tony woke, became horribly awkward and short, picked at the protein bar Steve gave him to eat, and then muttered something about being behind on projects for SI before high-tailing it out of the penthouse.
“Because if, despite all the massive, planet-sized holes in this plan, it actually worked it would be a matter of time before you hated me for stealing a second chance with your child away from you. And maybe it’s selfish, Tony, but I’m not willing to risk that. I’m sorry, but the answer is no.”
He was of half a mind to see if Thor wanted to join him for another meal. But even more than that, Steve wanted to capitalize on the Dominin high by spending the morning with his entire team, the way he hadn’t done in weeks. Tony would almost certainly be there, but even that didn’t feel like such a fraught dynamic to manage this morning. Steve could be polite, the same way they were in training or on the rare occasions they ran into each other in the Tower.
Most of the time, Steve thought of Taskmaster as somewhat akin to a really persistent fly. Annoying, sure, something you might try to halfheartedly swat at if it got too close, but ultimately harmless. And the guy’s so-called photographic memory had come in handy as a training tool, forcing the team out of their engrained fighting styles and habits. He’d been the direct cause of one of what Clint deemed Natasha and Steve’s ‘coolest combo move,’ which involved Widow leaping onto the back of an opponent (serving the dual purpose of distracting them and putting them within range of her deadly thighs) while Steve threw the shield into their sternum.
“That’s exactly right. That’s exactly why punishments and rewards are so important in a lot of relationships. They’re about reinforcing and maintaining boundaries, but they’re also there to ensure that the submissive doesn’t take punishment into their own hands, and keep extending it past what is fair or reasonable. You trust us to know what’s appropriate when you break the rules we’ve made together, and you also trust us to tell you when that price is paid.” Steve paused a few beats to let that sink in, then got up and made his way around the long couch until he stood directly in front of Tony. “It wasn’t possible, for a lot of reasons, for us to deal with what happened between us all earlier. And if you think it’s been long enough that a punishment won’t be helpful, then I promise you that’s something we will hear and respect. But if you’re still feeling twisted up inside in a way that just talking about might not solve, then I think that’s something you need to put into our hands. What do you think, sweetheart?”
Tony couldn’t imagine his own version of Steve feeling shame about anything. Regret, sure, but those were two different beasts entirely. This Steve, though, he’d knelt for Tony after only knowing him for a day in order to apologize. He went to therapy, and he listened to the others when they gave him advice, and he’d torn SHIELD apart but then taken the time to put it back together again.
The other parts of his life were a bit slower to normalize, but despite his more dire predictions, they were coming along too. The girl from Decathlon, who he learned was named Gwen Stacy, continued to mystify and infuriate Peter in about equal measures. Tracking her around the school proved nearly impossible. Gwen was constantly disappearing from one space and showing up in another without tipping any of Peter’s enhanced senses, which he hadn’t believed possible given that the other students often sounded like a herd of angry elephants when they moved. The one place she was guaranteed to be was Decathlon practices, which made Peter’s own required presence much more bearable. Even if she did seem to delight in pointing out what she saw as the holes in Peter’s education, which was why he was currently using his free period trying (and mostly failing) to make sense of
“I’m assuming we can all see the problem here without me spelling them out?” Pepper asked coolly. They nodded as one. “Good. Then I’m going to take my shadow here,” she gestured to the suit, “down to the shop, because I’m willing to be that while
“This isn’t a punishment,” Steve added anyway, just to be safe. “I’m going to warm you up with my hand and then use my belt on your gorgeous ass and thighs, not because you’ve done anything wrong, but because it makes me feel good. It makes me feel so good to see you covered in my marks and desperate to come, Phil.” The submissive wriggled impatiently against the bench, and Steve wasted no time in laying down a heavy smack with his right hand. “You’re going to count for me. You may come in the sleeve any time you’d like. Or, if you’re very good and wait for me, I’ll fuck you nice and hard after and you can come in my hand.”
Voices, one of them very familiar, sounded from down the hallway. There was no real need for Tony to hide—as Pepper herself had said, they hadn’t really fooled anyone by acting aloof toward one another—but instinct had him ducking into the office of an employee he knew was on maternity leave. The conversation between Fletcher and the woman he was with ground to a sudden halt as they both glanced significantly in the direction of Pepper’s office. The woman was as nondescript as they came—blonde, tall, with a pinched expression that had Tony making mental quips about her face having become stuck like that in the wind. But she was familiar, too, and if their conversation couldn’t be had in front of Pepper…
Also, not a warning but just a reminder that one of the slight changes I made to the MCU was that Tony and Steve spent a bit more time in the 70s than they did in Endgame.
He let his handshake with Fletcher go on the longest. While visibly into his mid-sixties at least, the guy had the overly smooth, oiled skin typical of so many of his peers who, like the aristocrats of centuries before, liked to showcase the absence of manual labour from their lives. Tony had never trusted hands like these, whose owners took pride in their distance from the processes of building and breaking all the while benefitting from those labours. It was the one thing, looking back, that he still agreed wholeheartedly with Howard about: if you weren’t willing to get down in the mud and learn how everything worked, right down to the last circuit or bolt or screw, then you had no business sticking your name on the outside of the building. When Tony finally allowed himself to extricate his hand from Fletcher’s quite literally slimy grip, he had to fight the urge to wipe his palm on his pant leg, but the other man’s smug satisfaction at being singled out for attention was evident.
“Pretty sure that the team has just finally accepted that I continue to have zero romantic interest in Tony despite his history with the other Pepper. Don’t think you wanna start off by throwing he and I in bed together.” Rhodey snorted as he kicked off his boots and hefted his feet up onto the coffee table. (What? It was his floor, he could do what he wanted.)
The boy looked exactly how Steve felt: as if he had given up. Except while Steve’s approach to hopelessness had been to languish, Peter was just as full of rage and denial as he had been the day of the battle. Steve caught him by the wrists, but Peter was almost wild in his fury, and he struggled with every bit of his enhance strength. They rolled onto the floor, Steve’s head glancing off the corner of the night-table.
Naturally, Tony didn’t show for the movie. At first the team tried to wait him out; it would hardly have been the first time that a version of Tony Stark was late for something due to a brainwave or lack of sleep or simply forgetting what day it was. After half an hour had passed, though, both Steve and Bucky were eyeing the food and each other with what Clint had long ago termed supersoldier hanger.
He called a reluctant halt to the kneeling the second he felt the slightest twinge, and barely held back a sigh when JARVIS announced he had only managed to stay there twelve minutes longer than his average back at the Tower. Hulk helped him to his feet and leaned down to place a sweetly delicate kiss on his cheek.
He’d gotten kind of carried away, he supposed. Very little tended to stop Tony’s mind from its constant replay of his every mistake and anxiety, and while the kneeling wasn’t a magical cure in that regard, it did tend to take the flow of such thoughts from a sea of steady, crashing waves to more of an occasional trickle. The most recent time he’d actually managed to fall asleep kneeling, which was how he’d ended up staying in the position for far too long and limping his way through the next several days.
“He came back from Wakanda last night. They phoned ahead to warn us he was in Dominant deprivation.” Natasha’s face lost what little colour it had, and then she unleashed a string of multi-lingual curses that sounded no less vicious for the fact that they were whispered. Tony half-expected the onslaught to wake his napping partner, but Cap didn’t even twitch. (The deprivation must really wreak havoc on even Cap’s system.)
“You did good out there,” he heard Rhodey tell Tony as they all made their way back to the house. “Thank you for taking care of what’s ours.”
“Oh Jesus, Dad, do I want to keep reading this?” No one answered, of course, but talking out loud made it slightly less horrifying to make it through his dear old Dad’s notes on human reproduction. The first few pages were at least fairly general, describing what made for an optimal uterine climate, what the acceptable range for sperm motility for conception was, and records of what Tony was fairly certain were records of early experiments with IVF. (At least he
So now that it was finally over, how come his mind couldn’t stop replaying the whole thing on a loop? At first it had felt almost silly, honestly, making up little tasks for Rogers to accomplish so that he could feel useful. They’d been superficial enough that there had been moments where Cap had almost seemed to catch on. But then the guy had dug out the weighted blanket, which Tony would bet money had been a treasured item of Mark II’s. It was just a blanket, except for the fact that it wasn’t, because it was yet another material sign that they’d taken Mark II’s trauma and anxieties seriously, here. They had tried to help. And it wasn’t like a damn blanket would have stopped Thanos, but it was a small part of how the dynamics here were entirely different. And that, apparently,
The bad news is that, given that Rhodey is not even on Earth when he receives Sam’s call, it takes almost two days for him to arrive. They are not even in the top ten of the worst days of Sam’s life, but they are among the most awkward. No one in the Compound is speaking to one another. Peter is furious with Steve for invading his privacy, and then for not telling him he knew about Tony. Steve is equally resentful that Peter hadn’t told him of Tony’s existence—both AI and otherwise—in the first place.
He never could have done it, Steve would reflect later, for anyone else. His instincts to protect and shield the people he loved were too engrained. But from almost the very beginning of his time in this century, Coulson had been his handler, and Steve had come to regard that title with profound respect that bordered on reverence. Phil regularly held all of their lives in his hands with a competence that was almost other-worldly—maybe, just for a few hours, he could bear the weight of Steve’s guilt and shame and rage and exhaustion, too.
“I could use the help. And SHIELD did originally ask you to consult, right?” Tony’s smaller, cooler hand finally met Steve’s, and with Herculean effort Steve managed to follow through on shaking it instead of grabbing on with every bit of his enhanced strength and refusing to let go. (Better to be friends than nothing at all.)
There had always been an edge to Clint, something slightly wild and unpredictable about the push-pull that was his style as a Dominant. But with everything going on lately he’d been a little softer, gentling his pointier edges and avoiding the kind of tactics that always made Tony feel like he was standing right on the edge of a cliff, unsure if Clint would halt his fall or push him off. He hadn’t realized how much he’d missed this version of his lover until now.
“My apologies Sir.” JARVIS did not sound remotely sorry; great, the AI was still pissed at Tony for last night, then. “But there is no calming Dummy down on Maintenance Day.” Tony imagined the words in capital letters, because even if he had no idea what that meant, it was clear that it was an event in this Tower. At its mere mention, Dummy’s squeals went damn near ultra-sonic, and he circled the bed and began pulling random clothes from Tony’s closet and dresser with his arm, delivering them in a heap into Tony’s lap.
She has also been a vocal advocate for stricter privacy laws surrounding orientation, and has spoken numerous times including in a massively popular TED Talk, about the intensity of her regret for Tony’s outing as a submissive.
“Definitely not too busy. In fact I was just verifying the procedure I’ll need for later when we run the tests for carpal tunnel. But let’s not get too ahead of ourselves, hmm? Come on up here for me.” He patted what appeared to be an innocuous black leather examination chair, with which Tony had grown entirely too familiar over the past several days. Right now it was laid completely flat like a bench, and Bruce waited patiently as Tony clambered up onto it and settled onto his hands and knees. (He’d worn a full suit down the first day, but he’d quickly learned to stick with sweats or jeans. Bruce had absolutely no concept of what a crime it was to wrinkle Tom Ford.)
“Are those Kimoyo Beads? You gotta let me get my hands on those.” He realized a bit too late that perhaps his other self had already made himself familiar with Wakandan technology, but if Masdee was confused or suspicious, she hid it well beneath the indulgent smile she sent Talia’s way.
“Not willingly, Agent Coulson, and I do apologize. But Mr. Stark was accorded all the administrative privileges that the other Mr. Stark had. This means that if I am strictly instructed to misinform other members of the team about his whereabouts or condition, I must do so.” The reminder left a sour taste (AvalonAvalon fucking Avalon) in Steve’s mouth. Pepper rubbed a hand across her face, muttering something about Tony being in for a spanking or five. Clint snorted bitterly.
“Jay, patch me through. Hulk? Big Guy?” In Tony’s own universe it had often been a 50:50 shot whether or not Hulk would make it through any particular battle with his comms still intact, but today they were in luck. Tony watched the massive green head jerk in surprise, then look to the sky as if seeking out Tony’s suit. “I’m not with you just now, buddy, it’s just my voice okay?” Hulk roared again, and Tony realized with a guilty start that without knowing how much this version of the Hulk remembered of his time as Bruce; perhaps it wasn’t the wisest move to just surprise him with his dead friend’s voice. But there was hardly any going back now. “Buddy, remember you have some humans in your hands, alright? Can you put ‘em down near that big street light about fifty feet ahead of you on your left? There’s a subway station right there that they can duck into until this is all over.”
“I’m just…having some issues managing stress. Sometimes fieldwork is the best way for me to work through that energy so that I don’t take it out on junior agents who, while they may need a bit of an attitude adjustment, do
“I thought we were keeping hands off?” Steve whispered, even as he pulled Tony’s arms tighter around himself and interlaced their fingers together.
up, he definitely would have worn the boots with the lifts if he’d known who he was going to be dealing with today) and put a hand on that big green bicep.
“Tony? I know you hate this kind of stuff, but I have to have something that speaks the Board’s language when we meet with them tomorrow. They’re not like you, they don’t get excited about projects for their own sake. And we’re essentially launching a new company here; they deserve all the information I can give them in a form they’ll understand.”
“Did I get something on my suit?” Steve asked, breaking Tony’s train of thought; apparently his gawking at Steve had finally gotten to be too much. Tony shook his head and hastily stuffed a handful of french fries in his mouth, then proceeded to attempt to talk because he was clearly trying out for the world’s most awkward date awards. Before Steve could even bother telling him that he couldn’t comprehend the fry-muffled babble, Tony swallowed the mass of potato and tried again.
He and Coulson met on one of the usually unused conference levels of the Tower, which made the whole thing feel more official and less like a kid working for a parent’s company during the summer or something. He had dressed up a little for the occasion, too, putting on one of the other Tony’s old suits instead of the jeans and band-tee combos he’d stuck to pretty exclusively since arriving here. Coulson had a stack of paper files as well as an array of holoscreens open when he stepped inside. The sight of Coulson operating with his usual brisk competence was reassuring; it made the part of Tony had been on guard, expecting Coulson to treat him differently now that Tony might, maybe, be interested in subbing for the team sometimes, lower its hackles.
Tony tried not to hold SI’s Board in contempt. He really did. For several of his most irresponsible years his versions of them (and Obie) had been the ones who had kept the company afloat behind the scenes, completing all the work Tony deemed too tedious to bother with.
frowned and narrowed her gaze, seeking out the source of what had apparently driven Tony out of his damn mind during the night.
“Take a look at the baseline colour of Thor’s skin. Touch his arms, and get a sense of his temperature, too; he’s another one on the team who runs hotter than humans, so it’s important to remind yourself every time where he’s starting from so that you’ll be able to tell if a tie is too tight and making him run cold. And yes,” he continued, speaking right over Tony who had opened his mouth to speak, “you could use JARVIS for that. He’s a good backup. But if I’m teaching you, you’re going to be able to take care of a submissive on your own without any extra help.”
“Natasha’s at SHIELD covering for Steve and Phil,” the archer offered immediately, as if Tony would have otherwise expected her presence. Agent produced a box of donuts seemingly from thin air.
Tony revised his currently glowing mental opinion of Rhodey. He was truly a terrible, terrible friend.
“She’s the newest member of the group. Very quiet and secretive. Hasn’t even taken off her mask in front of everyone yet. Let her sort herself out for now.”
Following FRIDAY’s directions, he found the three men in the gym. By now it was not a remotely unfamiliar sight to watch Steve training—the guy worked out more than anyone Peter had ever known—but it was a highly unwelcome surprise to realize that the man wielding the shield was not in fact Steve Rogers at all. Steve was not even in his suit. He sat in the same khakis and button down shirt he’d been wearing that morning, shouting out instructions and encouragement to Sam Wilson who appeared to be attempting to hit Bucky with the shield.
need, what will make you as happy and fulfilled as you can be here. I can’t think of anyone here who wouldn’t give you just about anything.” And there was very little Tony could possibly say to that, but thankfully Bruce didn’t seem to expect a reply. He reached out and touched Tony for the first time since his brief exam, just a clasp of the shoulder, long fingers lingering over the slightly jutting bones there, a small frown pulling at his lips. (Always the Doctor, Bruce.) “I think we both have a lot to think about. I’ll see you later Tony, alright?”
Content Notes: Peter's background contains some unpleasantries. Nothing bad enough to require a separate tag, but he's been isolated, financially insecure, and scared for a long time. (This would be a hard one to read around, but if you want to try, check in with me and I can try to help redact the chapter.)
The solitude, which he’d spent so much of his time here wishing for, was oddly disconcerting. He should have seen it coming, though, really; the team had lives to get back to, lives they were used to living without Tony. And it wasn’t like he’d been particularly useful to any of them after the whole…breakdown thing. They’d seemed patient and understanding about it, telling him not to worry that he’d fallen behind on his D/s ‘education.’ They’d appeared perfectly happy to watch television or play games with Tony, or even just sit quietly next to him while he read, but eventually the shine of his resemblance to Mark II was always going to wear off.
“Ladies and gentlemen of the press, we stand before you today with news we never thought we would be fortunate enough to share.” Dr. Domen was seated in her usual chair. Her back, which faced Steve, was poker-straight, and though he couldn’t see her ever-present tablet from this angle, he was certain that was what she was using to view the footage from the press conference. (He’d known this was likely to be a bit of a rough session, but clearly he hadn’t anticipated exactly how high her level of frustration with him was going to be.) He made a quick stop in the kitchen to pick up a bag of lemon squares he’d bought on his way back from his morning run and set them on the coffee table between them. Domen’s only response was to increase her tablet’s volume.
Well that chapter kind of got away from me in terms of length! But hopefully that was a pleasant surprise :)
The shot depicted Tony—not the one currently asleep in the penthouse, but the one the team had originally known. He was slumped but unnaturally still against a long white couch, veins protruding unnaturally in his face and neck, his eyes bloodshot. Obidiah Stane loomed over him, crooning as if to a lover as he removed the arc reactor that was keeping Tony alive from inside his chest. Phil thought, just as he had the first and only other occasion he’d witnessed this video, how much it resembled sexual assault.
More painful still was witnessing the way that Sam reacted. All of his playful animosity toward Bucky evaporated. The spot between his brows knitted with worry, and he barely hesitated before reaching out and pressing a comforting hand to Bucky’s thigh. Bucky leaned into the touch, and even while it wasn’t nearly as dramatic as turning his back on Steve, the reorientation of the familiar lines of his frame caught Steve like a sharp blow to the gut.
him anymore, not publicly. You all have to put on big smiles and pretend that I’m enough when I can never—when I can’t—so I just thought this would be easier. I’ll tell them at the press conference that I wasn’t your world’s Tony, that I found a way around Wakanda’s testing and that I lied to everyone, including you guys. That way the team and SHIELD will be safe from any blowback, and they’d see when I told them about what Howard did that I had no reason to lie, nothing to gain from it.”
Oh team. This was a tough and emotional one to write. I truly hope a good read even when it might have hurt.
The rest of the team was already in the living room, even Bucky, though his eyes looked a little red-rimmed, and he had seated himself away from the others, a clear signal that he intended to witness the scene but not actively participate. Tony smiled nervously at him anyway, and felt reassured by the wink Bucky sent him in return.
“No one is rushing me, Platypus. Promise. It’s all very above-board. Some might say too above board, which, speaking of, can we get back to the sex paperwork please? It’s like a ten page long checklist and there’s space for notes and blank lines for other things you want to add to the list and Rhoooooodey save me.”
“Ow, shit!” A voice that turned out to be Bucky’s shouted. The energy shield he’d been fiddling with had apparently shot a weak repulser blast at him and, along with the one Steve had knocked out, was flying back to Tony. A glance revealed both were just as completely undamaged as the suit itself.
“Mmm. Lots of very dull meetings that made me wish I was here with you instead.” Tony frowned, unreasonably irritated with these fictional people who had bored Steve and kept him from Tony. He pressed himself closer to his Dominant, as if he could make up for the minor irritations of Steve’s week through touch alone. “I watched you on the cameras sometimes, whenever I could get away with being a little distracted.”
“You,” he concluded after pondering the options for a few seconds. Steve chuckled and Tony realized how vacuous that probably sounded. “No, not…I mean, I liked how you were—you were like this perfect mix of firm and kind. It made me, I didn’t feel quite as—I don’t know, taken over by the submission as I sometimes do, because you made me help put myself there, so I was more conscious of it happening. And that was really embarrassing but it also felt really—um, good.”
Ahhh I'm so glad that even after such a long break, folks are still interested in the next part of this journey! I'm so grateful for your kudos, questions, and comments. <3
She still carried the small vase with her most everywhere. For the most part Natasha had learned to accept the fact of having a home; she no longer insisted on bringing her entire arsenal of weapons with her wherever she went (just most of it), and she’d purchased more than one kitchen item for the Tower that the Natasha of ten years ago would have deemed ludicrously frivolous. She was settled. But the vase…it was different, the last remnant of a childhood that had never really been one to begin with.
It was, it transpired, a trap. Just not the kind Tony was expecting. Coulson didn’t strip him down and punish him for lying, or use some kind of sexual torture to force answers from him. He stood Tony, fully-dressed and bewildered, in front of a full-length mirror. For several long seconds Coulson said nothing, he just watched as Tony grew more and more uneasy at the sight of his own reflection.
Oh team. I'm so sorry this took so long! The last few months have been absurd. But I have deliberately arranged personal and professional stuff to be much lighter over spring and summer, so I swear I'm going to do my absolute best to stick to the usual Friday posting schedule now. I'll also be catching up on comment replies. Get ready to feel sick of hearing from me!
“Mmm, I’m sure they did. James doesn’t strike me as someone who would give a token punishment to any submissive in his care that he felt deserved one. When did the spankings happen, relative to whatever caused them?”
“You can tell me anything you need to without that, Tony. You’re just confused, I think; maybe I pushed things farther than I should have last night, hmm? How about I go get us some food and water, maybe your heavy blanket, and—” He shook his head violently, wincing as his neck cracked in protest.
There was a period of silence after that. It felt agonizingly long, though a glance at his watch revealed it took close to two minutes.
For Switches, wearing a collar is a more personal decision. Some have collars, but only received them at their bonding ceremonies and never felt the need to use them again. Agent Coulson is one of these; he much prefers his pre-scene ceremony to the use of a collar, and he only wears his if it is part of a bondage arrangement. The other Switches on the team have and use collars intermittently; Agent Romanov will always wear hers during a scene, while Agent Barton usually uses them only during aftercare. Thor prefers wrist cuffs, which are more customary symbols of commitment on Asgard, though as fond as he is of bondage in general he is delighted to wear a collar if it is requested of him.
“Well, I’d remind everyone gathered that I have several partners, all of whom I care for deeply and am grateful to find myself back with.” He held a hand up when the chores of ‘yes, buts’ rang out in near unison. “No, seriously. Listen, I have…I have admired Steve Rogers since before I ever really thought I would meet him in person. That hasn’t and will never change.” The fierceness of the declaration caught even Tony off guard; Steve found his gaze again, holding it until the camera flashes made it virtually impossible for them to see one another. Then Tony let his eyes fall over the rest of the team, lingering on both Coulson and Natasha for a few seconds apiece. “But no relationship that’s worth a damn needs to make everything around it smaller just to feel whole or important. So going forward I won’t be responding to any questions that take as a given the irrelevance of the other members of our relationship.”
Peter liked Harley, he really did. The kid was funny and smart—not in the ways Peter was used to, but in a rough, untrained kind of way that was often refreshing. And he was jaded just enough without ever tipping toward cruelty the way kids like Flash did. It was, Peter had learned in recent months, a tough balance to achieve. He’d lost people before, of course, and he knew he was supposed to be grateful for everything he still had in the wake of Tony’s not-death (because of Tony’s not-death): the universe resorted, an awesome, supportive aunt; friends, even a sorta-maybe girlfriend, he had a lot going for him.
?” he growled. Tony got the value of open communication and all of that, but there had to be limits, didn’t there? Clint wasn’t seriously going to stop mid-scene to have some kind of emotional breakthrough, was he? Because with everything going on with SI and then Peter, it had been fucking ages since they’d had time for more than what Phil referred to as ‘basic maintenance’ scenes designed to help everyone stay out of dep. As far as Tony was concerned, the world owed him.
Should you have any grievances concerning term work grades, you must discuss your concerns with the instructor. If the problem is not resolved after that a meeting with the instructor, AIs are encouraged to direct concerns to J.A.R.V.I.S., who will make the final decision on all grading disputes.
As he tried to balance his body’s need for food with its growing desire for sleep, Steve looked around at his team. Clint and Nat sat with their chairs facing one another, their relief at being reunited palpable. (The sight made Steve positively ache with loneliness.) Bruce and Thor, the other two enhanced members of the team, were eating with decent appetites; Bruce, though, retained enough of his usual anxious, twitchy energy that he couldn’t seem to decide what or who to look at. They all appeared at least as exhausted as Steve felt…well, all of them except Stark, who kept jogging over to the counter to refresh condiments, napkins, and drinks for the rest of the team.
“Try the first day,” Bruce interrupted smugly. Tony blinked and glanced at Steve as if for confirmation. (And damn if, even in the midst of everything, that didn’t feel fantastic, the way Tony now looked to Steve so easily for affirmation, even of something so minor.)
“Why?” Steve rasps. He sounds like he’s been screaming nonstop for days. The words sound like they’re scraping his throat up as they leave his body. Peter feels sorry for him, and then annoyed that he’s sorry, especially since he’s also so damn angry at Steve.
Phil was not a man who made promises. If love, as Natasha so often claimed, was for children, then promises were for the kinds of adults who were practically begging to be manipulated, who valued the illusion of assurance over accuracy and truth. They weren’t in the business of promises. He had only ever made one before that day, when he’d recklessly sworn to a young Clint Barton who had been bleeding out in a forest after a mission gone horribly wrong that Phil would bring him home safely. Natasha was the only other person in the Tower who knew that story, who was aware what a promise from Phil Coulson meant.
“It’s Asgardian. It’s the only thing that can get Steve drunk, and I figured that since our metabolisms seem pretty similar, that was a good starting point.”
Tony’s reply was, apparently, a bit too candid. Nearly everyone in the room flinched, and the sound of glass shattering echoed from the kitchen into the living area.
This turned out to be a fortuitous choice, because while he would have sought his partner out on his own floor, JARVIS took him to the level containing the media room. Gone were the cartoons and sugar cereal that had featured so prominently during his recent date with Tony, however. The room was dark, lit only by grainy security footage projected on the screen.
Now Tony had claimed the couch in Steve’s office as his own, sprawling across it for hours at a time to the point where it had already become common practice for anyone who entered the room to check for his presence before they started talking. (God help him, Steve loved it. He found himself leaving early for work most days just so that he’d get a couple extra hours in with Tony. Even Dr. Domen was onto this scheme of Steve’s, and she had seemed heartily amused by it during their last session despite his insistence that their relationship was solely professional and friendly.)
“I—yeah, if you still want.” Tony’s attention was half on the small troupe of Avengers jostling for space in the elevator with his helper-bot-turned-domestic-diva, but when he realized Barton hadn’t answered for a few seconds, he turned to face him fully.
“Shh, shh, I’m sorry sweetheart. It’s okay, I’m not going anywhere.” Natasha pulled the comforter away from Tony’s body instead, and she chuckled softly when he sighed happily and settled back into Steve’s arms. After that she appeared to go back to devoting the entirety of her attention the tablet in her lap; like most things with Natasha, though, appearances only told a part of the story.
The Avengers are called out for their first mission since Tony's arrival just as a wayward resident makes his way home.
“Ooh, I didn’t realize that meant I couldn’t have a will or an agenda separate from his. Good to know.” Peter snorted an unwilling laugh.
While Tony was still struggling for purchase against the fluffy, encompassing grasp of the couch and yelling complaints at Dummy, Steve hauled him upright and into a seated position, then took a long breath and spoke.
The morning of the memorial, Steve was dozing in a motel room bed. It was a terrible bed even by 40s standards; springs dug into his back every time he moved, and it had a whole series of odors he had to actively work not to recognize. It didn’t really mater, though, because this half-sleep state was the closest he managed to get to actual rest anymore; Bucky had tried to remedy this with several over-the-counter sleep aids, and then some stolen opiates, but the serum burned through everything too fast, leaving Steve vaguely nauseated and even more irritable.
, Bruce completed all his usual checks. The next sound Tony heard was the snap of nitrite gloves. None of the team used protection or barriers with one another, and he craned his neck to glare inquiringly back at Bruce.
“No, Dummy, not that mug, it’s not nearly big enough—what is it for a doll’s tea party or something? Where’s the other one, the black MIT one that I stole from Rhodey?”
Well, that was more porn that I've ever written and I'm dying. But, even though it's a bit later in the day than usual, I'm back for the second week in a row! Yay!
“It’s after eleven Rhodey—” she started, then bit off the rest of the sentence with an aggrieved sigh. (On the rare occasions that Pepper was tired and close enough to her own headspace to pout, she and Tony had very similar jutting bottom lips. Rhodey would take this knowledge to his grave.) “Fine. I’ll call her.”
In the twenty or so minutes it took for the team to break and then agree on teams and an objective for the exercise, Tony had mastered the obstacle course program and was already drooling over the possibilities.
“It’s illegal to shut down Clayton Park for private functions,” Bruce noted, his tone just as carefully neutral as the rest of him. “Access to it is considered an essential public service.”
“But you’ll be there eventually.” Another non-question. This time it came from Bucky, who Steve suspected phrased it that way because he didn’t want to risk asking something when he might not get the response he wanted. Steve hated that he couldn’t Bucky that there was no cause for fear. He’d known they would fall for Tony eventually if he let them, but he hadn’t expected it to be so fast. He certainly hadn’t imagined that he’d find himself on the periphery of life in the Tower, not when these people had been his whole world for what felt like forever.
came up to the penthouse with something. Bruce brought a box of Hulk-themed bandages, glancing at Tony’s abdomen long long enough to convey a reminder to clean and re-bandage it today as he’d been instructed. But he didn’t bring up the injury in front of any of the others, which was a second gift in its own way.
Abruptly, Bruce’s left hand moved from Tony’s thigh to cup his balls. The shock of the touch, while it remained entirely clinical, derailed pretty much every other thought process Tony had going.
They stepped through the doors, and a woman dressed in a confusing mix of American and Wakandan apparel—skinny jeans and a t-shirt reading ‘Liberté Egalité Beyoncé’ paired with what looked like a vibranium-enforced vest and collar—hurried over.
It was the first time Steve had ever said those words to him, and Tony knew his reply was not ideal. It certainly was not what someone like Steve probably imagined hearing in response to declarations of love. But from a man like Tony Stark it was as optimistic as it got.
“Nope. Brucey-Bear is just a tattle-tale, s’like a universal constant. And I slept fine, Rhodeykins.” A spot of black dangled at the edge of Tony’s peripheral vision, and he didn’t need to bother turning his head to realize that Rhodey had his damn mug and was using it as bait. Asshole. “I slept at least three hours longer than I’ve slept in recent memory. Let’s let that be enough, alright?” Rhodey made a disgruntled noise but surrendered custody of the mug at last. It turned out to be full of coffee made (mostly) just the way Tony preferred it. The other guy—ha!—used a different sweetener, agave syrup maybe. Tasted less immediately sweet, but it was also less assaulting than white sugar, and it didn’t linger on his tongue in the same slightly unpleasant way.
“Sorry. I figured your Aunt would still be here, and one of the leads I was tracking turned out to—”
“It takes some getting used to,” Coulson said from across the conference table. Tony hadn’t even known the other man had witnessed his reaction to Thor’s gift, focused as he’d been on the whole ‘magic-is-real-and-right-now-it’s-like-some-weird-heating-pad’ thing, but then he should never really be surprised by the depth of Agent’s constant awareness. Coulson held up his right hand, on which he wore a thin gold band around his index finger.
“Of course not,” Phil agreed, rising smoothly from his knees as cool and in-command as ever. “Tony, I assume you want to take the armour back to New York?”
“Yes.” He waited for her to expand on this statement which was stubbornly non-communicative even for Natasha. Nothing came.
“You sure you don’t want to stay for lunch, Rhodes? Phil is going to fire up the grill he’s been drooling over since we got here, and I’m pretty sure that Thor brought a decent stash of Asgardian mead with him. Guaranteed to get even Steve drunk, which is always hilarious.” Steve glared halfheartedly at Clint, who offered a cheeky grin in reply. Rhodes, meanwhile, looked somewhat conflicted.
No real content notes I can think of. As always, feel free to let me know if you have questions or concerns!
“What’s that—is it weighted? Damn that’s nice. I’ve heard they’re good for anxiety and a whole host of other shit but I never actually got around to picking one up.” Steve’s Dominant instincts, desperate for any sign that Steve was successfully providing for someone else’s needs, seized upon that gratitude and approval like oxygen; he barely covered up the way his knees almost gave out in relief by sitting hastily on the couch. It left him closer to Tony than he would have liked, but Tony was still babbling happily about the virtues of the weighted blanket and seemed entirely unconcerned by their sudden nearness. So Steve sat there, trying to recover his dignity and pretending that even the physical proximity to someone exhibiting just enough submissive behaviours to capture the notice of Steve’s instinct wasn’t soothing while some musical about newspaper delivery kids that Tony had put on played in the background.
“No. I think she’s about five years younger than you are all guessing. HOMER, compare Ms. Marvel’s response times during and outside of school hours.” SHIELD’s AI responded in less than two minutes.
Had they been alone, Steve’s stubbornness probably would have had him chasing Peter down immediately. Barnes and Wilson proved to be somewhat stabilizing influences, though, because while he could hear all three of them calling his name from down the hall, no one emerged from the gym fast enough to prevent what Peter did next.
“But he’s not mine! Other than the other me having potentially saved his life at the Stark Expo just like I did, he’s never even met Tony Stark. Oh this is brilliant.” Something resembling hope was seeping its way back into Tony’s tone and his expression; he began pacing the room, repossessed of the manic energy he usually had in the face of a crisis. “Okay, first thing’s first. Once I get him transferred, and under the care of his usual doc in my world—Dr. Tesfaye is her name, she’s a genius paediatric specialist with a particular interest in working with enhanced kids—I’ll hack into the hospital’s systems, find out what he owes in medical bills. I’ll transfer SHIELD the funds and you can pay it from your accounts. Now, you obviously have your own shtick when it comes to recruitment, and I’ll admit you do give a very rousing speech. But the thing to know about the kid is that while he appreciates praise like anyone else, he’s kind of suspicious of it, too. So you gotta mix a little bit of constructive criticism in there too. I can feed you some lines once I get my hands on some footage from the fight. Then—”
“I’m sorry to interrupt, Masdee, but I do have some information that will have bearing on that aspect of things. May I continue?” Masdee nodded at Steve, though her gaze never left Talia, who was staring at the other woman as if she was her only lifeline. “SHIELD operates within a sort of legal grey-zone. We are within United States jurisdiction for the most part, but we’re also ruled in some respects by global and international statutes like the Accords. We have to be, or nothing could ever get done. These past few weeks…the effect you have on Talia is not lost on me. Being able to be submissive in the workplace, even to consider it…she is calmer, more careful, and more deliberate. It makes her a better agent.”
Steve hadn’t meant to make a spectacle of himself at SHIELD that morning. He’d come in early for precisely that reason, to make use of their equipment long before even the most eager of recruits would begin arriving. And for a couple of glorious hours it had worked. He’d battered the reinforced heavy bags until his knuckles bled and dislocated again; then he run the devilishly tricky obstacle course (Tony’s design, of course) through four times, until his lungs burned and ached and heaved against his ribcage. It felt good, so incredibly good, to allow his body to be pressed to its limits. For just a while it let him…well, not forget about everything else that was spinning entirely out of control, but those things temporarily became smaller and more manageable when his body was busy screaming out for air or water or rest. It was glorious.
have him!” the man growled. “I just took Stark down in the penthouse. God, whoever recommended you idiots is going to have some serious explaining to do when this is all over. Now whichever of you haven’t been taken down out by the weird indoor tornadoes and whatever other nonsense Stark cooked up, get your asses up here and deal with the rest of the armour that’s up here. I’d like to get out of here before Captain America realizes we’ve killed his boyfriend. Again.”
MJ was a good bro. She wanted this noted in the annals of superhero history not only because women in those stories still tended to get reduced to flat, single-dimensional damsels in distress, but also because it was true, damn it! She had never gotten on Peter’s case about his spider-related extracurriculars, and never forced him to manage her own complex feelings about the likelihood of her then-boyfriend’s short, trauma-filled lifespan. Furthermore, she had spent the majority of the night holding her ex as he alternated between sobbing for Tony Stark and vomiting. Spectacularly. Repeatedly. And, one time, all over her shoes.
Just as quickly as everyone had sprung into action, they all came to a sudden, grinding halt. Steve’s enhanced hearing didn’t even pick up the sound of anyone breathing—well, no one except for his (their) dead submissive, who had stumbled to his feet and was staring at Coulson without blinking. For a matter of seconds there was something almost relieved in Tony’s expression, and a quiet hunger in the way he kept raking his eyes over Phil.
“The only indicators that are remotely outside the normal range are those related to orientation. Your subtonin levels are dangerously low; your coristol is also trending higher than is healthy, though given how low the subtonin readings are I would actually expect higher. This leads me to conclude that you are not a submissive, or at least you weren’t until quite recently.” He vaguely registered Rhodey pivoting in place and into a protective stance with his back to Tony, but his own eyes never left Chimva’s. She stared back evenly, no trace of judgement or even surprise. “In many ways this is the best possible scenario, Mr. Stark. If there was no subtonin present in your system that would be an anomaly I would be compelled by law to share. These readings, however, indicate on the surface that you are simply in a state of ill-health; it takes an act of interpretation beyond what I would offer a paying client to realize the full truth.”
“I guess you already know who I am and why I’m here. So can we skip to the part where you just tell me what I do?” It was a rather brilliant ploy, in Tony’s opinion. Another version of Strange had kept the fact of his impending death from him, the least this one could do was use his Harry Potter crap to eliminate some of the painful deliberation. So of course, the guy refused.
Ultron. Of all the fucking things…with a cowardice like Steve had never before experienced, he wondered if he could hang up, blame poor service or inclement weather. He’d promised Bucky, and meant it, that he would do what he could to ensure that his conflicted feelings about this new version of their lover didn’t wreck things for everyone, but did it really
Peter’s entire world felt like it had shifted violently on its axis. His brain had still been adjusting to the prospect of other powered teens. Now here in front of him was another spider-person? It was almost unthinkable.
There was a long pause, long enough that Tony became aware of it even in the semi-timeless state he was floating in. Then a quiet word in Russian that Tony didn’t recognize (safeword, maybe?) and a set of footsteps, and oh god, had Bucky
Phil cupped his elbow. It was only for a matter of seconds, just as long as it took the pair of them to cross the length of the training room, but especially after having spent the morning wondering if the team was already finished with him, it was more comforting than Tony wanted to admit. (And if he slid his chair a little closer to Coulson’s than he might otherwise have done, well he had the excuse of sharing a tablet.)
Phil was all for free debate and making major decisions. It was really the only way to make a poly relationship as large as theirs function. But the debate over Tony’s collar had been raging for weeks now. Everyone had been in favour of not reproducing the collar worn by the other version of Tony; that kind of copying hadn’t even really been a consideration. Not only would they never disrespect either Tony like that, but what had worked for the previous version of the man they had loved (simple, slim, hanging slightly lower on the neck than was customary so that it could be hidden under clothes on days when Tony’s conflicted feelings about his orientation were particularly pervasive) wouldn’t be right for their current submissive at all.
“It became less of a habit once the connections were established,” Phil added, “but I think it might really help in this case. So that we can keep getting to know you apart from whatever preconceived ideas we have about who you might be. And vice versa. We’d obviously be confined to the Tower for now, but that won’t always be the case.”
Steve only had about a million other questions, but before he could formulate any of them, FRIDAY announced Sam’s imminent arrival. Since she didn’t usually do this when people were just moving about the compound, she seemed to be suggesting that he keep Tony’s digital presence a secret for now. As he could barely begin to comprehend it himself, Steve had little choice but to agree.
“It often is. It’s just that this,” he gestured at the plate in Tony’s hands, “doesn’t seem consistent with the pattern of self-neglect I was familiar with when it came to our Tony. He often forgot to eat when he was down in the shop, but if there was food shoved in front of him he’d eat like he was starving.” (
Captain America was rather the least of Pepper’s worries, but the real source of her anxiety wasn’t exactly something she could share with one of the Tower guards, so she nodded in what she hoped came across like a commiserating way.
, you don’t control a single thing. You’re not Tony fuckin’ Stark here. I’m not your employee, or some government lackey you can push around. As long as we’re here like this, as long as you are consenting to be mine and as long as I’m operating within the limits we’ve established together, you don’t get a say. You don’t decide how I’ll bind you, or what what I’ll do with you when you’re there.”  Clint paused, and this lips curled into a smirk. “Unless you want to beg real pretty for something, of course, in which case I’ll consider it.”
A laugh bubbled up in Steve’s throat. Of course. He wasn’t with SHIELD any longer; he didn’t need an agency-approved mental health professional. Tony would insist on some iron-clad confidentiality agreements, of course, he’d probably sic a whole team of his most vicious lawyers on this poor unsuspecting guy. And Steve would let him, because caring for Tony in every way was the best thing he would ever do with his life, and he was not about to deny his partner the opportunity to do the same.
by her, certainly not to the degree she’d exhibited tonight. After a long day of parading around in someone else’s life it was like having a thick layer of clown make-up suddenly wiped away. “Can we…would you maybe want to date and then scene if that goes well sometime in the next few days?”
On one hand, Bruce leaving felt like a decidedly undesirable option. They had barely scratched the surface of the science-ing to be done here, for one. Tony still didn’t know why everyone had been so pissed at Cap for the tone of voice he’d used to speak to Tony—this Dominance stuff couldn’t really be transmitted that way, could it? And they hadn’t even really gotten into much comparative discussion, like did orientation the way it was meant in Tony’s world mean nothing here? Was gender a factor anyone cared about at all when selecting a partner?
“You’re allowed to be needy after a scene, Sugar, but I think we need to get some food into you before we consider anything physically active. Lotsa folks got married when Steve and I were young, but I think it’s sort of fallen out of fashion now except with real religious folks. I’d be thrilled to pick out your clothes for tonight, with the caveat that you tell James that you lied to him and accept the inevitable coupla smacks on the ass that’s probably gonna earn you. And yes, to answer your original question, Sam is coming out tonight.”
“I guess…I mean, we’ve exchanged pleasantries and everything, but our last real conversation would have been during debrief. Don’t look at me like that, Barton,” he added, which was entirely unfair because even if Clint was a little triumphant about figuring out the obvious source of the issue in less than a minute, that didn’t mean he was bragging! “He hadn’t done anything to merit the kinds of things that usually make you try to avoid me around a debrief. I told him he’d done well, and that I was proud of him.”
His AI did, thank all the science gods, let Tony into the shop, where the first thing he was confronted with was a bastardized version of the War Machine armour.
Tony sent the coffee cup emoji again, followed by about 15 hearts. Steve countered with one that looked like a sandwich.
Natasha had all but dragged Steve to bed after he’d wondered aloud how long he should wait before trying to reason with Tony again. She’d been, as usual, entirely right; there had been no real place for orientational dynamics with Tony these last few days, but having his submissive so close by and in such pain without any way of helping him had been torturous. Natasha had allowed him to focus all of that pent-up Dominance on her instead; she’d permitted a far gentler scene than was usually to her taste, and she’d let Steve hold her for hours afterward, and even if it was selfish because Natasha really wasn’t one for cuddling from the submissive side of things, Steve felt dizzy with gratitude to have her small and yielding in his arms.
“Well that one was easy,” Steve joked, grateful for the watery chuckles he received in reply. They would need a more extended conversation with James, of course; they’d have to review his contract, get a sense from him and from Tony as to what they were both comfortable having Rhodes be present for, but today Steve was relying essentially on the honour system, assuming the two men were comfortable enough with each other, at least, to voice any discomfort if it happened. “This one might be a little harder, but I don’t think we can really put it off anymore. We need to talk about how we’re going to handle everything that happened before the press conference.”
