Dean doesn’t meet his eyes. “Cas, the rest of the evening isn’t going to be a nice story, okay? And I feel like shit for letting what we did this morning happen after everything,” he chews on his lower lip. “Just… you need to know that I’m here for you. I’m on your side.”
Dean sighs sleepily against Cas’ neck, lips ghosting above his shoulder. He thinks back on how their friendship has evolved over the years-- the gradual change from a very traditional friendship between two guys, to something they’ve defined entirely by themselves.
Cas still can’t explain how it happened, but at some point after the three of them began high school together, he realized people expected him to start dating Hannah. It took him a long time to feel any urge to date at all, but eventually he caved under the pressure, and asked her out. They’ve gone steady for several months now, during which it’s become painfully obvious that Hannah doesn’t fit Castiel’s life like she used to.
“So… You wanna see what I’ve got so far?” he asks with an enthusiastic glimmer in his eyes. Cas feels excitement begin to bubble in his stomach, and the first genuine smile of the day reaches his eyes. He nods, biting his lower lip, and catches Dean’s eyes as they flicker to his mouth and back up again.
“Oh fuck, yes, yes, yes,” Meg chants and bites into her lower lip, her hands palming at Cas’ chest as he continues to pound into her. Suddenly his mind conjures up an image that replaces her with another pair of plump lips and pleasure addled eyes, shining green and intense above freckled cheeks.
It had only taken Castiel a week to organize his early stories into a script, but it still covered a lot of ground. Although the amount of text had been reduced from his original format, the task of imagining it in pictures seemed enormous to him.
He digs out one of the notebooks from a few months ago, when he first came up with the monster hunting brothers, and hesitantly hands it over to Dean.
It’s cozy and warm, like everything about the Winchester household is to him, but right now Cas finds it unnerving and becomes too restless to concentrate on episodes he has already seen. Instead he returns to working on his newest draft, the fifth storyline.
“I could actually use your help, Sam,” Cas intervenes before the brothers can get into a real quarrel. Sam shoves a pillow in Dean's face and sits up straight, turning his attention to Cas. “Yeah, of course. What can I do? I have a few interesting research papers I copied at the library, if you want to take a look," he says enthusiastically. Cas smiles. Sam is perhaps a gangly teen in the process of outgrowing every garment in the house, complete with awkward hair style, but he is mature beyond his years.
Fridays end with a free period followed by History class, both of which Castiel shares with Dean. The day has dragged endlessly, and the anxieties and tiredness from the previous night weigh heavy on his shoulders. By the time the free period finally rolls around, Cas is thoroughly exhausted, and Dean remarks upon as much as he sinks into their couch in the Bunker.
Cas lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. Without bothering with clothes, he slouches his way to the bathroom one step across the hallway for a quick clean up, several glasses of water and a preemptive dose of Aspirin.
Dean strides straight over to Crowley’s computer, and in signature Winchester move, begins to rearrange the playlist immediately, loudly declaring it an affront to humanity’s capabilities to create meaningful music. Next thing Warrant’s Cherry Pie blasts through the speakers and Dean joins them, grinning proudly. Jo swats him over the head as he sits down on the armrest opposite Cas. Dean pushes a full mug of their punch in Cas’ hand, and winks as he proceeds to down half of his own with alarming speed.
who you are! You aren’t this dark, directionless figure. You are a bright, strong person,” his mother maintains, this time raising her voice and taking a step towards Cas. “You could be whatever you want. I can’t believe you choose this for yourself!”
“Walk me through this, Castiel, since it’s a little difficult for me to understand,” Amelia begins sternly. “You got drunk at Crowley’s and went to a house party at Hester Milton’s, completely blitzed. There you ended up making out with Dean on the dance floor, broke Hannah’s heart and publicly dumped her. And after all that you still had the nerve to drag Dean here and sleep with him?” She narrows her eyes at Cas. “Who
Crowley’s isn’t very populated today. There are only a few strays lounging about on the front porch drinking cheap beer, and Crowley himself. He’s sitting at his desktop, typing away, while Cas reclines on the couch, also enjoying a cold, watery lager.
"I'm bringing in angels, and a bunch of Biblical stuff," Cas affirms. Dean's eyebrows shoot up and Sam bounces on his arm chair, whooping.
Evading subjects and masking serious remarks with humor has become something of a coping mechanism. So much so, that sometimes Cas himself doesn’t know when he’s purely kidding. Like now, when he’s absolutely not intending to move to L.A., but does to some extent feel like he’s being put through the wringer unnecessarily.
“Nice moves you got going. They almost worked on me too,” Dean continues, this time with a touch of humor in his voice.
Dean’s lips move against Cas’ expertly. He places little pecks between deeper kisses and Cas answers eagerly, nipping on Dean’s lower lip in invitation. There’s a careful lick against the seam of his mouth and Cas angles his head, allows Dean to lick into him and entwine their tongues as their bodies press even closer. They kiss with abandon for a long minute, hands wrapping around necks and hips, grabbing for purchase as they fight to stay balanced, until self awareness overcomes them and they pull apart before they tumble, breathless.
“Evening, Meg,” Cas says, and somehow doesn’t even need to fake the smile. He holds up the bottle of scotch. “You want one?”
They have their own, private routine at the start of each lesson. Mrs. Moseley begins by clapping her hands and silencing the crowd, she then turns to Cas and gives him a measuring look. Cas nods whenever he feels like actively participating, and points at his notebook when he doesn’t. Missouri never breaks the agreement, and neither does Cas. The trust that Mrs. Moseley places in him has ensured he doesn’t fail to show up or ace an exam.
Cas doesn’t have to answer. Instead they hoot, fist bump, and so it is settled. They would become co-authors. It’s such a natural thing it doesn’t feel like a big deal at all. There isn’t a doubt in Castiel’s bones that they’ll follow through with this plan, which immediately forms into a priority.
Maeghara said nothing, raising her hand to still stupid Derubeis. She motioned for Dee-Ann to turn so he did.
” he shouted, his voice reverberating with the strange harmonics it always took one when he used his powers this way. “Come out now, or I will burn you to a crisp!” he continued walking closer to the thief. His hair twisted and snapped behind him, and the folds of his cloak and shawl snapped out behind him.
“My eye not evil! I am Dee-Ann. My eye is precious and beautiful. So the mirror say, and the man Bisla, and Maeghara when she look at me!
He could hear the thrum of his own blood roaring through his veins as he scrambled around the gnarled godpost; jutting out in front of him at an angle that would neatly have skewered him if he hadn’t seen it in time. Every fresh breath cleaved at his lungs like a jagged razor. But he knew he couldn’t afford to slow his desperate pace. He silently cast his eyes heavenward as he tore through the darkened, almost labyrinthine tunnels and caverns of the old mine.
!” Castiel said earnestly, interlacing his fingers behind Dee-Ann’s head and guiding his mouth back to his own lips. Dee-Ann placed a tingling kiss on his mouth, then his cheek, then kissed away the half formed tears from each eyelid.
“He tried to run away.” Maeghara said. “The God abhors wicked runaway slaves. This is their fate. The Godspeakers smite them for the God.”
is ugly to me.” Castiel said turning Dee-Ann’s head so he knew he had heard him. Dee-Ann gave him another hesitant look, then guided Castiel’s hand – which was resting on the firm flatness of his stomach – around to his side, where a crescent shaped scar covered his ribs. Castiel leaned in and kissed it, gently trailing his fingers over the raised skin. Next was a set of stick thin scars low on his back, which Castiel recognized as the evidence of a goat-whip.
Bored, Dee-Ann wandered a small way from Ashar and the men; wading his way through the jostling crowd. His interest was caught by a booth full of amulets. He wandered closer. The amulet seller was busy with a customer. Dee-Ann stood to one side and looked at the merchandise.
If he’d expected some dramatic event to occur in the days immediately after he’d snipped her little thread…he was destined to be disappointed. He and Gabriel – who had been waiting for him just outside the Harrospex’s shop – made their way as quickly and as silently as they could back to the Palace.
This slave was maybe five seasons older than he was. He looked at Dee-Ann, his beautiful blue eyes dull with hunger and hurt.
” he yelled pushing himself to his feet, throwing his hair back over his shoulder with a powerful motion of his neck.
Castiel didn’t say anything. He didn’t even bother to look up from the fire. To see Dee-Ann crestfallen would only hurt him more. “I am sorry….” He heard Dee-Ann say.
“Life is hard around here. But we’re not here for them. Look.” Tran pointed out a particular little boy towards the back of the line. “His name is Lu-Cas. His father was forced to sell him to this work house. His Sister recently died. She worked at the tannery to support the family. She also had a fondness for gambling.”
“Dee-Ann. You are precious. But if you close your ears to my word again, I will give Obid my nod; and she will beat you. Just like you are one of the slaves she guards. You want this?”
The God had made him beautiful, so when the God sent Maeghara to his village she had noticed him and saved him from the Woman and the Savage East. The God had made him precious, so Maeghara did not sell him like the slave Benihimme in Et-Haravelle, where the God had first seen his heart. The God had given him cunning, so when Maeghara had meant to make of him a slave, he had escaped and survived when the God delivered him to those trees. Now the God had sent the woman Bara-bhur and her daughter.
"Dee-Ann..." he heard Castiel say weakly from somewhere in front of him. Dee-Ann felt himself unclench. He blinked a few times to clear his vision, then he spotted him. Castiel was tied the same way he was, sitting on the opposite side of what he could now see was a large wooden table. The thing looked completely out of place there in a dirty tunnel. It was large enough to seat at least 10 people and - with its dark lacquer and meticulous carvings - would not have looked out of place in the Dining Room upstairs. A section of Castiel's hair had come free of his braid, half hiding his face. But in the firelight from the various lamps and torches, his eyes seemed almost to glow even from this distance. His face looked strained, and his skin was very pale. He was pain. That much was plain to see. And seeing that pain, something red and angry welled up inside Dee-Ann; such that he curled his fingers into claws.
“Let’s sleep now. We can discuss everything in the morning. I’ll appreciate an extra set of ears and a keen mind.” Castiel admitted thickly, stifling a yawn.
And so it was that he shed his skin again. The same way that he had shed his skin in the bath of the slave Bisla, when he had shed the scared, starving he-brat under the table, and became Dee-Ann of Maeghara, precious and beautiful. He had shed his skin many times since then. Every time emerging a different and more improved snake underneath. He became Dee-Ann who could read. Dee-Ann who danced with the God’s grace. Dee-Ann who was fit to sit at Maeghara’s side. His heart grew hollow at the thought.
. There were tiny stone snake fangs as blue as they sky. Larger snake fangs in rocks striped green and crimson. Snake eyes of pale green crystal, of richest yellow and hot fire flame. Tiny clenched fists carved out of ivory, and ivory feet with a snake carved into their sole, to guard against fang strike.
"An intersection of events....beyond which we cannot see." she admitted. "It is less than one hundred days from us now."
Castiel made of himself a block of ice where he sat. He curled his fingers over the edge of the arm rest and forced himself to calmness. Whatever else, he wasn’t going to give Gord-Ahn the satisfaction of seeing him squirm. He had never been more aware of the physical
He let himself sink to the floor in front of a particularly large portrait at the end of the gallery. He didn't realize until now that he'd been walking here from the start, so he could sit on the floor in front of his Father's own portrait. It was beautifully done. His father was painted on a bench among holly flowers, with floral garlands braided into his hair. Castiel looked at his painted face and felt a fist of pain squeeze his heart and wring fresh tears out of his stinging eyes.
Aaaaaiiiiieeeeeee!!!!!!  Another word he didn't know! He stared at the picture symbol. He knew the word sounds! Wasn't that enough?  What did the stupid tutor say?  The stupid tutor told him to look at the word symbols around the one he didn't know, and see if perhaps they could help him. He looked at the other word symbols. Offerings swell to something, but what?
ungoverned Eastern Territories, a great road had been established. Just skirting the deeper desert, goods from the Far flung colonies and even Et-Novakar’s neighboring Queendoms could be transported much faster than if they’d had to be sent by ship. But while this road formed a great arterial of trade and industry, it was one of the most perilous stretches in the entire Queendom. Subject to constant raids, bandits and hunting parties; the road – known colloquially as the Drag – required constant vigilance and oversight from the Capital.
to contribute to your pageant? Every day I receive between thirty to fifty letters just from here in the capital. Not to mention ravens and unsolicited gifts from further afield? Of course not. And you’re also blithely unaware of the fact that Yondu and Mala – who you so casually dismissed and slighted this morning – were brought specially for you all the way from Et-Tanikar. Do you know anything of the costs involved? Anything more costly than a bag of beads and I have to beg the Master of Coin Mother appointed to oversee household expenses. Who is the Master of Coin you may ask? Why Cassie, it’s the Godspeaker you threatened with banishment yesterday!” Gabriel said not meeting his eyes.
There was a special place for people to walk, so the many slave carried litters in the street were not slowed down. Some of them traveled quite swiftly, with their muscular slaves running in a flat footed shuffle. The litters were beautiful, carved from exotic polished wood; inlaid with bronze. Some were curtained in heavy silks, others were open so the world might admire the Mistresses and Masters they bore wearing rich fabrics and jeweled amulets bright as songbirds in rainbow colors.
Ashar slowed turning. “Not before she sends for you. The mistress meets important women this day. She has no time for bratty children! Come!”
"She is without husband because she has murdered her last seven!" Castiel burst out. "Any man who has not seeded her a daughter has been sacrificed to the Demons they fuck with!"
His tongue yearned for more sweet. “Thank you Maeghara and Derubeis.” He smiled for Maeghara alone. “Thank you for honey.” He said. Maeghara patted his cheek.
“Yeeeeeeeeeeees, I remember.” Tran said. “But I won’t see you.” He continued in a sing songy voice. “Kiss me.” He said taking two handfuls of Castiel’s skirts and pulling him close so they were face to face. His back was against the wall and Castiel balanced himself by placing both hands on either side of Tran’s shoulders.
Castiel’s body was on fire, his muscles curling tight over his bones as he arched under Dee-Ann, who was now kissing his stomach and teasing his fingers over his ribs. His needs and desires were spilling forth in forms of sighs and hard breaths, his hands gripping tight the messy cloak beneath him when Dee-Ann rose to kiss him again, pressing his clothes cock to rub against Castiel’s.
" Are you o-okay?" Dee-Ann gasped the question softly, seeming to have to struggle with the words as if coherency took actual, physical effort.
He vaguely felt hands on him. “Stay with me.” Dee-Ann said urgently. “Castiel….” He breathed, and Castiel felt those strong hands cup his cheek. “You cannot die now…..we’ve won. We’ve
Gabriel was still speaking, but Castiel knew none of these questions were actually aimed at him. He let himself be put in the chair in front of the mirror, his hand wrapping around his wrist.
thing he’d ever slept on, with softness beneath him and too many blankets. He’d never dreamed there could be such a thing as too many blankets. Let goat Derubeis sleep on a baked earth floor under a table, or chained to a wall where dogs could sniff her. Dogs that longed to devour her bones, and a Woman who beat her if she was so cold and stiff on waking she could hardly walk.
Castiel had sat with closed eyes while the Mima slathered a thick layer of white chalk paste over his shoulders, neck and entire face. He usually tried to avoid opening his eyes while the Mima worked. He hated seeing all his features erased like some kind of ghost. Once the paste had dried sufficiently, Castiel bit the inside of his own cheek to keep from making any noise as the Mima went to work sweeping most of it off with a hard haired brush; leaving his skin looking as pale as snow in moonlight. Next were his eyes. Working with a variety of brushes – some no larger than the nail on his baby toes – the Mima meticulously set about painting his eyes elaborately in shades of blue and gold that stretched even over his temples and the very tops of his ears. His eyebrows were painstakingly repainted with charcoal amidst the golden corona painted on his forehead. To Castiel this was patently ludicrous. He had eyebrows of his own. What was the point of covering them in white only to paint them back on? But he’d gotten better at sitting still. This was his third time having a Mima ply his craft on Castiel’s face. The first had been for the Harvest Festival the year before. Next had been for Ezekiel’s presentation ball. And he knew as his nameday approached he’d best accustom himself to the process.
“Stay with me!” he balled into Dee-Ann’s ear. A few steps away a man and two women played drums and symbols and a wailing wooden recorder. It was hard to hear the slave Ashar above their noise. “My shadow brat! Or Maeghara will be displeased.”
At the Border Godpost between the lands of Et-Reichel and Et-Novakar, the Princess Ananakiel made sacrifice for the journey’s good outcome. She drank the hot bull calf blood and cut her breast with the sacrificial knife; and let her own blood drip into the sacrifice bowl.
As he let Tran comb through his hair handful by handful, Castiel stared at his reflection. Large, blue eyes framed by long, thick lashes, set beneath slender, arching brows. His chiseled nose sat between sculpted cheekbones hovering above a jaw line that still retained some of the softness of youth. He saw very little of the Queen in his features. But he’d heard all his life how closely he resembled his Father, who had been considered a great beauty in life.
The road was now lit by torches, and they walked the side streets deep into the heart of the Trader’s District. This section of the city was almost halfway between the Gatehouse of the city and its Pinnacle. The Trader’s District was peaceful, sweet smelling and almost every street was lined with dwellings. Some with grass and trees between their closed doors and the cobbles, others hidden behind stone walls with doors built into them. Some of the houses had beautiful slaves by the doors. When they thought Dee-Ann and Maeghara and Derubeis approached them, they stood very tall; only to slump when they passed them by.
The room was not large. And it was not small. Lit only by a single lamp and a fire in the small hearth worked into one wall - where a pot hung bubbling - the space was packed with all manner of fascinating things. One wall was taken up entirely be shelves, packed to bursting with jars and bottles of all sizes. Castiel couldn't begin to guess what they contained, but each was labeled in careful script. As he moved further into the room, he had to duck around braids of dried grasses and herbs low enough to touch his shoukders, and hanging pots of more greenery he didn't recognize. The air in the room had the smell of matted fur and dandruff covered skin. As if too many smells were competing with one another. A single wooden table ran the length of the room. In it was a large stone pestle and mortar, a wickedly sharp looking knife and a pair of scales. A large bucket was poised to on one side of the table, filled to the brim with what appeared to be animal parts and various throwaway bits of gore.
Cas is barely able to sleep, and at 6AM he’s up. He can’t bear the thought of going on an empty stomach until lunch, and facing Dean first thing and then after school his parents. After some deliberation, he ends up leaving Crowley’s at dawn, walking home through empty streets in early morning dusk instead.
“Might not be a stupid idea to go along with it for a bit. You know, get them off your case. Maybe you’ll feel better about everything once they leave you alone,” Dean says with reservation.
Trying to bring in any new stuff between him and Dean at this point really would be a horrible idea. Dealing with both the girl he doesn’t recall making out with, and the changing relationship with his best-friend-with-something at the same time, would likely end with his brain matter splattered across Duke John’s cafeteria. So, weird texts, platonic cuddles and expansive journeys into fantasy worlds it is.
His steps slow as the imposing building comes into view. Duke John’s High School is situated on a small hilltop, just outside the busy Harbor Creek downtown district. It’s surrounded by a park, an old historical jail turned lofty apartment building, and properties filled with cafe’s, homes and cultural functions. It’s a nice, grungy but classy area downstream of the Plough River, which splits Harbor Creek through the middle.
- The Kelpie was an actual bar, of course named differently in my native language, close to our high school. They were a little tardy when it came to minding legal drinking limits. We spent a lot of time there in stead of our classes, naturally.
A crimson and purple sunrise ascends over the rooftops as Cas crosses the Harbor Bridge. He continues through the high rise blocks by the riverfront, along the historic district and the park beyond, until eventually he reaches his own neighbourhood.
Cas stares at his parents blankly. That took a left turn, what the Hell? His heartbeat speeds up and a curious tingling sets in his fingertips.
Nothing that is being asked of him is beyond his capabilities. Castiel knows this, and he’s offended every time there’s insinuation to the contrary. Instead the roots of the problem seem to lie with demands and expectations, and the gut reaction not to heed those, which always becomes his first roadblock. He can’t explain or rationalize it, but once something has met a block like that, approaching it is like willing himself to burn his palms on a hot stove.
“Uh huh,” Cas lets out a breathy laugh. “If you don’t show me already, I will claw my way through you.” He makes a grab for the book, which Dean smoothly moves out of his reach.
Dean chuckles silently and rolls over to his back, breathing heavily. Cas is finally able to open his eyes and meets tired, bloodshot but still beautifully green eyes staring back at him. He’s regarded with an open and warm expression, not reserved and anxious as Cas feared it might be. They behold each other silently for a while, in wonder, having another one of their unspoken conversations.
Crowley could probably coax his parents into spending more money on renovations. But he doesn’t give a crap about those things, and instead uses his extra allowance on ridiculously expensive suits. It’s a quirk of his. He’s a weird guy in many ways. After three and a half years, Cas still wouldn’t trust Crowley with his secrets, but for some reason suspects he could trust the Brit with his life.
At different points of our lives we all find ourselves on the precipice of something. A transition, a discovery, the end or the beginning of an era. The prospect of stepping over is as exhilarating as it is frightening, like taking a trust fall. We prepare to leave behind a certain normalcy, and open ourselves up to change that we can’t fully comprehend yet. That is if we’ve taken those falls before.
Meg snorts a sardonic laugh and smiles one of her Cheshire cat smiles. “Like I’d want to spend any more time at the Mansion of Madness than I have to. I wasn’t counting on crashing here.”
“My friends were the ones who tried to keep me in check last night, so don’t blame them. Besides, I was going to break up with Hannah today regardless, my stupid drunk self just beat me to it,” Cas retorts defiantly, but immediately realizes it was the wrong move.
This time it’s guilt. He’s been feeling a lot of that lately. Guilt over not doing his homework. Guilt over the countless ways he keeps letting his parents down. Guilt over failing to enjoy his first time with Hannah. Guilt over preferring to spend his time with Dean rather than his girlfriend.
Once, not that long ago, he had a very nice report card, excellent recommendations and free pickings to apply to whatever college he wanted. Over the past year however, Castiel has felt like his reality is slowly crumbling down around him.
“Yeah. I think it’s pretty obvious Hannah’s been jealous of you for a while,” Cas shrugs. There’s another jab of guilt. Not for anything they did during his and Hannah’s relationship, but because Cas knows the jealousy wasn’t entirely misplaced regardless.
Dean lets out a long breath and rubs his neck bashfully. “That’s a fair point,” he concedes, smiling carefully, but his expression quickly turns serious again. “But I didn’t come here for that. I just needed to make sure you’re alright.”
The classroom chatter around him dies as Mrs. Moseley enters, her aura of effortless authority never failing to command everyone’s attention. She greets the class and turns her astute eyes to Cas. Something flashes through them, worry perhaps, and she nods, granting Castiel his much needed reprieve. He nearly sobs in relief as he opens his notebook, and glides off into the sweet haven of escapism.
“Hey, you know it’s not the end of the world if Hannah isn’t it for you? I’m not sure anyone’s supposed to meet
Once they had reviewed the existing work, their discussions turned towards the next plots and new characters. Cas had planned a plot where the brothers and their father end up in a car crash, and Dean is quickly convincing him to kill off the dad for dramatic purposes. This has Castiel all riled up and the notes are flying off his pen with vigor. The hand is messy and the sequence of the notes makes no sense. He’ll have an interesting time deciphering these notes later, but he can’t slow down. Their animated discussion and Ash’ careless dosage of bourbon has him buzzing.
“Huh,” says Crowley and pauses before continuing, “Yeah, he’s upstairs. Tell him I still don’t wanna hear anything, and if I do, I will make sure his booze puts him down early next time, before he reels in another deep sea creature.”
Their gang is sort of adjacent to Cas’ clan. Some of them know each other from earlier in their lives, and they invite each other to parties, or show up at ones thrown by mutual friends. Some of them know Hester, and so it makes sense that they were at the party. Cas has never really hung out with them much, as he considers himself too uncool for that, but apparently enough booze makes him forget such social protocol.
We meet our hero bent over a notebook in deep concentration, his pen hurrying down the pages. Words seem to fly off its tip uninterrupted. There’s an aura of inspiration about him, like he’s tapped into the vein of something and the contents are spilling over, barely formulating fast enough to be caught.
Like a drug, it removes all pain and thought concerning the previous days, and Cas is addicted to the high. Regardless of all the things that ought to be burdening him, Sunday is pretty much what he considers a perfect day; one he can spend entirely with Dean, immersing in their stories together.
It’s hard to appreciate the nice surroundings in pouring rain and freezing winds, but even that holds more appeal than ascending the path that leads to the front doors.
“Cas, I know all that stuff at school isn’t happening because you’re not capable or don’t give a shit,” says Dean, still constricted with emotions. Cas doesn’t know what to say, so neither of them says anything. He feels betrayed, robbed of the comfort and safety of Dean, the one person in whose company he ought to be safe from all this crap. This is too real, not something they’re supposed to discuss.
“As did I,” Meg confirms, “And now I’m gonna head out, let you sort out whatever mess is brewing in that pretty head of yours.” She narrows her eyes and takes in a measuring look of Cas. “But don’t be a stranger. Maybe next time we’ll have an actual date.”
He pushes through the masses, all wandering towards the cafeteria, and past the beaded curtain at The Bunker’s entrance.
“That’s okay,” she says happily and drapes an arm around Castiel’s waist. “What are you guys up to?”
The thing is, Cas considers Dean his other half-- is even prepared to call him a soulmate. It’s a position Dean has established completely without sexual or romantic intentions. Is Cas attracted to him? Obviously. Does he want to change their relationship? Not really, not if it means the risk of losing Dean. He can’t see anything worth that risk.
“Right. I was just talking with Charlie and the guys. They’ve made plans to meet up at Crowley’s after school and head on over together. I thought we could-”
With resolve and a healthy amount of apprehension, Cas finally makes his way up, and just as the second alarm sounds, pushes himself through the doors and into the swarming morning crowd.
Eventually Dean traces a finger along Cas’ cheek and rolls off the bed. He stumbles his way to the small en suite bathroom. There’s clattering, the sound of flushing followed with more clatter and running water. Soon Dean emerges back into the bedroom naked, carrying a washcloth in one hand, and Aspirin with a glass of water in the other.
Dean takes a full step back and runs a hand over his face. “Shit, Cas, I’m sorry,” he rasps, voice strung tight.
- Crowley's is based on a real thing. It was the home of a friend and his siblings, and it was used pretty much as described in this fic. Our friend is no Crowley, but let's say he had a certain nonchalance to his ways that fit the character.
“Sure, I mean that’s what we expected. Where’s the beef?” Cas answers, cocking an eyebrow. Dean’s grin widens at that.
“I was wondering why you’d been over there,” says Dean in amusement. “Okay, lay it on me. I’ve got nowhere to be tonight and I really wanna get started on this as soon as I can.”
His mind plays a never ending reel of hyperbolic outcomes and different ways these could play out. Every way seems to result in something unpleasant, and Cas curls into himself as anxiety settles in the pit of his stomach. It’s only when he manages to isolate the sound of a dripping faucet, that his mind gets distracted enough and he finally drifts off into restless sleep.
Castiel’s conscious mind tries to remind the rest of him that this situation is absolutely terrifying. But apparently there’s a complete disconnect between his senses and his body, which seems to consider the current predicament highly stimulating. Cas feels the weight of Dean’s gaze as it pries through his facade. He doesn’t know what exactly it is that Dean observes, but soon Dean is shimmying closer, until their bodies are practically fitted together. He rests his forehead against Cas’ neck, and lets his hand trace down, coming to rest on the side of Cas’ stomach.
“My dudes! What can I do for you gentlemen this lovely afternoon?” he says as he pats their backs, then goes to pick up two mugs from the shelves.
Bracing himself, Cas goes to dig through the pile of dirty clothes he apparently discarded on his desk the night before, and digs out his phone. He plugs in the charger and turns it on, swallowing down the bile that is threatening to push up as he waits for the screen to load. Whatever Cas is going to find, it isn’t going to make him feel any better, only slightly more horrible at best.
“Your friends are an awful influence on you,” Amelia huffs and shakes her head disapprovingly. “You drink, listen to that God awful noise and dress like you crawled out of the mortuary. Then with all these dark symbols," she gestures at the pentagram hanging from Cas' neck, "and now you throw yourself at girls,
Still, he keeps biting his tongue. By the time dessert is served, Cas feels both pitted by self loathing and irritated to the point of combustion. Finally he decides to speak up, lest he actually burst in flames.
“It was fine, I guess,” Cas settles with replying. He tries to appear nonchalant as he sits down on one of his huge floor cushions, and avoids Dean’s expectant stare.
“I’m not your poster boy for a deacon’s son, mom!” Cas snaps and rises up. “Look, I’m sorry my behavior isn’t what you expect it to be, but I don’t share your beliefs, and I don’t share your dreams!”
As he drifts off towards sleep, Cas feels weirdly melancholic and nostalgic, but still warmer than he has for weeks, like he’s on the precipice of something.
For a second Cas appreciates the sight, but grimaces as he realizes the state he’s in, and promptly strips off his own sticky underwear. He accepts each of Dean’s offerings, and the fresh underwear he procures for them both from the dresser. They slip into clean shorts and fall back beneath the covers, drifting into unconsciousness within moments.
The house is silent except for the creaking and cracking of wooden structures and tin roofing, the only other sound being Dean’s breath as it evens out into deep sleep. Dean’s room is separated into two areas by a large, open bookshelf. On one side is his desk-slash-art-studio, on the other his bed and dresser. The room's walls are plastered with posters of comic book heroes and musicians that Cas doesn’t even pretend to recognize.
I’m so sorry. I messed up big time, I can’t even begin to make it up to you. I can’t ask you to forgive me. I need you to know that I wanted to talk things through with you, not end our relationship like this. I didn’t mean the things I said. And me and Dean are not together like that. I’m sorry. I hope we can talk about this at some point. I’m so ashamed of myself.
The music and chatter engulf him, and he lets himself drift further away. If there’s a party, then party he shall, Cas thinks, and downs his first cup in two very deliberate swigs.
These feather light touches aren’t nearly enough. Cas whimpers needily, snapping his hips to meet Dean’s palm. Emboldened, Dean closes his fist around Cas’ cock as far as possible through the clothing, and pumps experimentally, and Cas soon returns the favor. It’s a heady sensation to feel the firm shape of Dean in his hand, to make him writhe and moan wantonly for more. And all the while Cas gives as good as he gets, making sure Dean knows exactly how turned on he is.
Avoiding reality is Castiel’s knee jerk reaction to anxiety. Whenever he just can’t deal with life or himself, he escapes into his writing. Alone, a lot of times, but it’s always better when he’s with Dean. They spurr each other’s imagination, like their minds are connected by their creativity.
Sam seems to be especially excited about the research Cas has done, which is a surprise to exactly no one. The questions have kept coming all through the weekend, ranging from plot ideas to Cas’ interpretations of urban legends and folklore.
"Well, the rumors of your dance floor affair certainly didn't paint things in false light, it seems," he says, a note of begrudging respect in his words. "But seeing as I'm actually trying to get some work done, might I suggest you move your love confession upstairs to the guest room? You can crash there, even take advantage of the scotch in the cupboard. Just don't do anything I have to hear through the walls."
“I think it’s because of the whole Christian code of conduct thing they’ve got going on, all of our families do,” Cas snorts and downs half of his drink. “You know my parents go way back with the Johnsons and Miltons.”
(The fic earns its rating. And this chapter includes an explicit M/F scene between Cas and one female character.)
Dean opens his mouth, but nothing comes out. He moves numbly at first, and then bolts through the door, slamming it forcefully as he goes.
Perhaps the guise of their staring game was what had kept him safe from approaching these thoughts before. The unspoken promise that they didn’t venture beyond their mutually established boundaries, the safeguards of their friendship. But what purpose do the boundaries serve now? What would be the new ones they’d keep in order to preserve their bond?
It is, in fact, exactly the state he is in. Ever so often Castiel finds himself hooking onto an idea, with absolutely no way of working it out of his system other than immediately releasing it onto paper. This time is no different, and as always it matters little what he is supposed to be doing, when an urgency to capture the moment overrides his other senses.
Dean is already pulling on his jacket and exiting the Bunker before Cas finally catches up with the program and hurries after him.
Meg gets dressed quickly, bends over to place a kiss on Cas’ lips, then struts to the door. “Mind those bed bugs, Clarence,” she calls back and disappears with a wink, and the door clicks shut in her wake.
He approaches their little nook with a wide smile on his face, and plops down onto his cushion next to Dean.
That was an understatement. Hannah would’ve considered it a betrayal of trust. “You’re probably right,” Cas laughs dryly.
All bets are off. Cas grabs Meg by her hips and sets up a rhythm that is far from sensual, completely intent on pouring all his frustrations into this single joining on flesh. He pushes her knee up, almost all the way down to the mattress beside her, and cants her hips up just right.
"Gabe, there's nothing to figure out. We're broke. Well," Cas pulls the money Dean paid him for the race today, "We have 80 bucks and we're completely fucked."
Despite their less than stellar start, Dean found he worked really well, hell he enjoyed working with Cas. Yes, after all the
Following Dean’s words to a T; Charlie winked, sipped her drink, waited about five seconds before turning back to Balthazar, batting her eyelashes.
“The ritual has been around for centuries dating back to the original pack members. On the full moon after my birthday all eligible and interested wolves are gathered. They enter the forest first and at the high moon I enter.”
Sam takes a breath, this next part needs to hit home, "Do you think they want the same old boring cars their parents drove? No! They want sexy. They want glamour. They want
And with that question, Captain obvious swooped in with an answer, “We haven’t checked the flash drive yet.”
“Sorry, I should have asked but,” the man starts speaking again while pouring two glasses with about two fingers of whiskey each, “You look like you need a drink.”
Tonight, with a bit of luck they would crack open the shutters and shine some light on the underground dealings and bring down a drug-dealing Dick. The Royce pulled up to the curb and within a heartbeat, the valet attendant opened the door. They shuffled out of the car facing the huge establishment with purpose. Charlie linked both her arms through each one of theirs, giving both Dean and him a smile reminding them that they were in this together before setting off.
Standing there his toothy smile and hands in his suit pockets, Dean caught a glimpse of the monster that was Dick Roman. No judge in the world would say Dick’s words were a threat but Dean saw it exactly as that, a threat. Dean grit his teeth; any retort could possibly compromise Charlie’s safety, but the threat also revealed Dick had no idea where Charlie was, and Dean intended on keeping that way. So, being the professional he was, he gave Dick a grand smile and flipped him the bird before pulling the server door open for his head-shaking partner.
The darkness of Dean’s bedroom provided the perfect backdrop for their hushed conversations that were once only reserved for their late-night cruises. Murmuring back and forth about aliens to the upcoming senior year, they talked until soft snores replaced whispered words.
Raising his head as if closing his eyes would make the situation disappear, he debated the more urgent matter at hand—whether to take his fucking wet clothes off or suffer a few more minutes with them on. This must be revenge for splashing him with cold water while he was sleeping.  Any other reason for Cas to want Dean in the shower seemed to short-circuit his brain. He could always be a brick wall for Halloween this year for his impersonation of one was spot on as he stood solidly still; afraid to move and downright scared to open his eyes—they always say reality is better than fantasy and if the saying rang true then the dripping wet mass of sinfulness clinging to him would obliterate any and all of the fantasies during his sexy time for the foreseeable future.
Like a rubber band being pulled back, Dean snapped back to being grounded in the reality of his situation with one word from the walking, talking prepackaged porn glued to him,
A twig snaps in the distance and breaks their momentary truce spell. Blue eyes bore into his and Dean stills instantly. The creature slinks off him moving his head back and forth as if the Were is scanning the area listening for their interruption.
The tick of Enzo's tongue echoes in the room; he fixes Crowley with a dead, hard stare, "So, if I wish to enter Les Man, and you do not wish to enter Les Mans do we or do we not go, mhm?"
Cas eyes Dean bouncing up and down on the balls of his feet but doesn’t comment instead, “Do you have any questions for me before we get started?” Cas says, smiling at the end like they are talking about steaks on the barbeque instead of Dean getting hair yanked from his ass.
Resigning himself to his fate, Dean darts from the side door on the garage back to the front porch steps. How is it even possible to even more soaked the second pass through? Once under the cover, Dean shakes himself like a wet dog though, it did little but spray water everywhere.
“Right,” Dean said, refocusing on the redhead sitting beside him.” Charlie, can you keep Balthazar occupied while Feathers and I find a way to the back office?” With a nod of acknowledgment and a determined smile from Charlie Dean pushed on, “Sam you’ll be our eyes in the sky. Bobby was reluctant but he’s letting us borrow a surveillance van. Feathers here has earpieces for all of us so we can stay in communication.”
“GET DOWN,” Dean screamed, throwing himself to the floor behind the desk. FUCK! The warehouse was supposed to be cleared. Instincts kicking in, Dean waited.
Cas' wide, gummy smile had Dean's heart doing somersaults, "So," Cas started, a hint of teasing already bleeding into his voice, "You like me?"
Cas had been blessed with good genetics. Honestly, that had to be it—good fucking genetics. Dean literally had watched the dude eat double cheeseburgers at the Roadhouse like the kid had a hollow leg, yet there he stood at the end of the dock ripping his shirt off to reveal a hardened six-pack like some perfume commercial model. But a six-pack wasn’t enough. No, Cas was also blessed with a lithe runner’s body—thick thighs, defined calf muscles, bulging biceps—straight out of the Track and Field monthly.
“Well—” Dean starts but the rest of his sentence is consumed by Cas; the slightly shorter man rocking up onto his toes to crush his lips against Dean’s own in a battle of clanking teeth, stubble burn, and sloppy angles. The kiss is raw, heated, and everything yet nothing like Dean imagined it would be—words don’t do the justice of perfection, of the rightness kissing Cas felt like.
Teeth clanged together as Castiel tried to shift them again, the small of Dean’s back bumping the edge of the kitchen counter. Fuck, he needed more—more lips to nibble, more skin to grasp, more tongue to tease, just more Dean in every way. Heat simmered underneath his skin, and even with bedhead and coffee breath, Dean was still the most exquisite being he’d ever laid his eyes on.
Leaning down, Dean kisses the pout from Cas’s face before snuggling back into his little spoon position.
“His wife is the daughter of some prominent leader in the mob. He’s always wanted to be a good kid, so I let him go after I busted in exchange for information. If there’s anyone who can give us the low down or where to sniff next it’s him, he may not look like it but being the son-in-law allows him to have his ears in some pretty secretive places. Plus, it doesn’t hurt that Garth looks like he wouldn’t hurt a fly, so they’re never worried about him spilling secrets,” Dean explained as they walked up the warehouse-type structure.
Huffing, Cas muttered into his chest, “You’ll make me do all the paperwork while you search for new leads like always, excuse me for wanting five more minutes before my inevitable suffering.”
Castiel waited, sipping his whiskey while watching Charlie from the corner of his eye as the bouncer let her ascend up the stairs to a waiting Balthazar.
Resigning himself to keep his decision, he shoved his hands and his pockets and turned to walk back to the Impala.
Heaving another sigh, he padded into the kitchen while tapping the screen on his phone to check the time. Jesus, just how long have they been asleep?
Humming, Cas said, “Orange is my lucky color.” Cas spoke slowly as if each word needed a bit of attention before being spoken aloud.
Yet, when his mom holds up the letter as he walks into the kitchen water trickles into his hope well. The sight of the letter feels like a long-awaited rainstorm during a drought. Reaching for it tentatively, he plucks it from his mother’s hands ignoring her knowing smile. The debate to pinch himself to make sure the letter with Cas’ neatly scribbled handwriting occupying his hands is real and not a very well-constructed dream battles on in head as he walks to his bedroom.
“Dean—” he growled, seconds away from snatching the keys out of Dean’s hands and freeing Baby’s newly acquired luggage.
. Pulling the other man to his feet, Dean led him down the hallway and pushed open Cas’ bedroom door, heading straight to the master bathroom. He flipped down the toilet seat cover and sat Cas down before sliding open the glass shower door and flicking on the cold water. Dean shivered as the freezing water sputtered on and he cursed himself for his hard-wired habit of sticking his hand in the water to test the temperature.
“Okay!” Dean yelled, grabbing onto whatever limb of his partner’s he could reach safely and still drive. “I’ll take you home, just fucking sit there until we get there.”
Circling the table, his partner had already started leafing through the desk coming up with a huge leather-bound journal. Gotta love a good ole fashion drug lord keeping only hand-written a transaction log, and boy was it a jackpot. Cas handed him the journal and went to inspect the filing cabinet. Some of the names listed in the book were like Sam suspected, high profile individuals in Miami—CEO’s, prolific politicians, and prominent figures in the city—all listed on the journal’s pages with their picture and purchase order.
Cas slightly stumbled around the front of the car, weird. Must be the adrenaline drop, Dean surmised; he sometimes got a bit woozy after near-death experiences too.
Finding his strength, Dean reached out and turned the shower off. Mustering all of his courage was a whole other ordeal when he could hear Cas’s post orgasm short breaths plain as day but he somehow managed to maneuver out of the shower getting Cas wrapped up in an oversized towel.
“Not yet sir, but we have solid evidence. We just need some time to pull it all together.” Dean smiled, Cas was always coming in to save the day with his damn elegant words.
“Sure,” Cas draws out with slight suspicion in his tone. Which with the desperate and cryptic way Dean is sounding is only fair.
Dean scrambled to the center of the bed and Castiel chased after him, catching Dean’s ankle. Sitting upon his knees, Castiel allowed himself to just soak in this moment; the ankle in his hand a grounding realization that yes, this indeed was happening. He’d been lying to himself since the kiss in the nightclub, repeatedly telling himself if that kiss was it, was the only one; he’d be happy with it, over the moon he was allowed to taste Dean at least once. What a silly lie indeed because seeing Dean toss him an easy
“Shit,” he muttered under his breath, swerving back into his lane trying to keep his eyes on the road, not on the miles of tan chest bared right next to him. Nope. He was not going to pull the cover off those boxes in the back of his mind, no sir. Cas is feathers, his partner—his ridiculously attractive, half-naked partner—who seemed to be stroking Baby’s leather lovingly and lolling his head side to side.
And goodness, that laugh is something, “Yeah, most feel vulnerable being the only naked one in the room. Offering tends to help ease their worries and many get a chuckle after I drop my pants, luckily my ego is ironclad.” Cas says with a fucking horrible ass wink.
“You really think Kevin used our safe word as the password?” Sam’s fears were understandable, but it was the best shot they had.
“It’s hard to forget someone who calls you a rich asshole in an ugly ass trench coat playing cop.” Cas recited.
“I’ve moved from place to place because my dad is in the army. I want to plant my roots somewhere, I want to look at the same four walls and windows every day, ” Cas never sounded small, never sounded so unsure of himself, and any apology Dean had swimming in his mind fled like a spooked fish.
The way Cas’ kisses puts all the cheesy romance novels and movies perfect kisses to shame; his lips though chapped are soft and supple when moving possessively against Dean’s as if he were to pull away for a moment he would disappear. But Dean gives as good as he gets, this might be his first bull but it’s not his first rodeo.
Dean ducks just in time at the wrench Cas throws. And while it misses him, it does not miss the poor windscreen of the innocent Cobra.
With two strides of his legs, Dean was crowding Garth up against the tire tower. “Nope, but I did hear word on the street up some fancy new X floating around.” Dean leaned closer as Garth leaned back further into the rubber tower. “You wouldn’t happen to know anything about that would ya?”
“Some are blood, some were loyal followers of my father thus are now loyal to me, and some have joined me over the years for various reasons,”
Dean straight-up gushed the idea, laying out all the ground workings of a plan—college, interning, getting on a local news station, becoming the nation’s most beloved weatherman of all time, possible world domination while they’re at it. Dean went on and on while Cas listened, his best friend’s eyes glistening with bewilderment. But for a brief moment, Dean swore he saw Cas’s eyes widen in some inner realization just before they melted back into their usual soft fondness. Dean droned on until Cas shook his head turning his attention to the twinkling lights with a shadow of a smile on his lips. All tension in Cas’ posture vanished and his face reflected nothing but amusement. Dean counted it as a mission accomplished.
“Yeah,” Dean smiled, still sniffling a bit himself. “This move changes nothing, I’ll be so annoying it will be like I’m there.”
“—Feathers, he wanted to do this the Winchester way. I promise once around the parking lot and he’ll crack.” Playing dirty, Dean bit his lip flashing his best glittery green puppy dog eyes. “We really need a new lead, I pinky promise once around the parking lot.” Dean held out his pinky, puppy dogs eyes still intact though they weren’t hiding the mischievousness in them. Only Dean could best him in a battle of resolve.
idea! And it’s not like it sucked. On the contrary, it might have been the shortest yet most life-changing kiss in Dean’s life. Dean was expecting a peck on the lips, not the suck your soul out through your mouth kiss he received. Trust him, he’s not complaining except now with the knowledge that Cas dominates kisses like he dominates in any fight he’s ever been in, being Cas’s partner just became the seven circles of hell.
Cas slow blinked at him, head still tilted. God, maybe he was being an idiot here but then Cas leaned up and kissed him breathless before pulling back, wincing from his split lip. Dean giggled as Cas frowned.
Anticipation is making him sweat again. The vulnerability he feels is this position is almost suffocating; he reminds himself he is doing this for a reason. When anxiety arises pull out a good ole friend—deflection. Shifting his knees apart slightly to settle in a more comfortable position and trying to combat the vulnerability attacking his nerves, Dean tries for casual but ends up saying, “So you get to look at a lot of um, nice…um...pussy cats?” Oooof, if a sniper could take him out right now, Dean wouldn’t even mind dying without pants on. Maybe he’ll be lucky and be abducted by aliens or the world could just split in half and swallow him up that’d be great too.
walls he had spent his life building to find amongst the rubble the 80’s slasher movie junkie, comic book lore loving, pop culture fanatic, Scooby-Doo marathoning Dean. For helping Dean find his way back to himself, Dean made it his personal mission to set Cas’ wrongs against humanity right, starting with weekly movie nights at Charlie’s house. Come on, the kid had never seen Star Wars! And that was just downright heartbreaking.
Fuck, his earlier observations were right; Cas’ lips are soft. Tilting his head for better alignment, Dean brings a hand up to cradle Cas’ face while pulling the man flush against his body. He sinks his teeth into that plush bottom lip and Cas lets out a strangled noise from the back of his throat.
Obnoxious as the whole situation was, Garth did know about heavy drug activity happening in a house right off the highway; also claiming he wasn’t sure what kind of activity, but it was heavily guarded and top secret. After collecting all the information they deemed relevant, they headed back to the station to beg the Captain for a warrant and formulate a plan of attack.
And before he can open his mouth to smart something off, Cas snatches his wrist and dragging him inside; beers and everything else forgotten.
Castiel Shurley had come into his life, thrown everything he knew off a damn cliff with his stupid smitey rightenousness attitude and fucking rain-during-a-clear-sky colored eyes. He came in and taught Dean a deeper appreciation of literature, taught him what laughing until snot bubbles came out felt like, taught him he liked the warmth of sleeping next to another body even if said body snored and drooled.
The all green Aston DB4 glistens in the sun. Dean takes a deep breath, letting the feel of the leather ground him. Reaching over to the glovebox, Dean digs around for his pills. Pops two and throws the container in the passenger seat.
He gets it, Cas doesn’t want to cross the line of service provider and client. But Dean feels they passed that line a long time ago with their unlikely friendship. So, he’ll have to be the brave one and make the first move; what could go wrong?
“Calling him by his first name now?” Bobby huffed and regardless of not being able to see Dean, Dean blushed from Bobby’s teasing. “I ain’t seen your partner since he left a few hours ago, supposed to take a cruiser home; you two in some type of spat again?”
Dean realized his grave miscalculation of the situation two seconds too late for as strong as he was, even in his inebriated state,  Cas was just as strong using his own weight once he was on his feet to counteract Dean’s, causing him to stumble into the shower after him.
Deep breaths in and out. On the third exhale, Dean feels his literal soul leave his body; he’s somewhere between living and dying is the only way he can explain it. Tears are pricking his eyes and Dean’s developed a new appreciation for models, strippers, and whoever the fuck manages to do this regularly.
His name fell from Cas’s lips like an angel falling from grace—fast and breathtakingly captivating. Dean can’t even think of a single time after their initial meeting in which Cas called him by his first name instead of Freckles or Winchester or the occasional Assbutt.
Hands roam as they please. Both men panting, but too desperate for another to break apart their lips for longer than a couple of short intakes of air. He should have bought an extra pair of these, Dean thinks as his cock strains against the lacey fabric leaving a growing wet spot.
With Cas words bouncing around his head effectively shutting down the what-ifs, his conviction in his mission was renewed and if he stepped on the gas pedal a little more, well that was between him and Baby.
“I’m going to need time to work with this software Kevin coded. I’m sure there is a way to sort through all this,” Charlie said, already distracted by typing away.
Why did Cas look so damn upset? Why did he wander off and not closer? Dean knows Cas saw him kissing Lisa, but he’s seen Dean kiss a few girls over Junior year and never such a reaction graced his best friend’s face. Oh.
Squinting a little harder, Charlie clicked her tongue like she had found what she was looking for. “Kevin managed to hide a whole software program in this code, and I think I just found it. You see every hacker has a handle they weave into their work, it’s a way other hackers identify each other’s work. Kevin did one better he made his handle the key to opening this file and…”
Bobby waved him off, “I know how much gas your car burns, you deserved a raised for all your hard work this summer anyway so don’t worry about trying to pay this back you hear me,”
The Captain’s eyes went as wide as saucers. Calling another cop dirty on the force was no little matter because if you accused a cop of being dirty and were wrong you better off dead; the only thing worse than tarnishing your reputation was losing the trust of the entire force.
WanderingCas did utter magic with this chapter to make it exciting. I am sorry for killing Kevin. Please don't hate me. I love you guys <3
Dean stiffened but eased his stance as he felt Cas step up beside him. If Dean was a betting man, he’d say this pompous prick was Dick Roman himself.
Pinning the mass of sex god in arms to the closet wall for support, he reached between them once he good one-handed grip and trailed a finger overgrowing the wet spot—a glimpse of what was to come. As much as he wanted to tease Dean until he was a blubbering, begging mess, he wanted, even more, to show him what he could have had all along.
“He’s not.” Abaddon smiled. “He’s simply a loose end.” And in the blink of an eye, she put two slugs center mass into his hostage.
“Cas…Casssssssss…..” Dean moaned as he began fucking him in earnest. Unable to hold back when such sinful sounds were occupying his ears, “Right there—” Dean fisted the sheets, “—AH” Dean arched his back as Castiel thrust hard and fast; hooking one of Dean’s legs around his forearm to give him a better thrusting position. Later, there'd surely be tiny finger imprints from bruises on the top of Dean’s thighs for which he didn’t feel the least bit sorry.
Dean felt his heart nearly explode as he tilted his head back to laugh. Jesus, this kid's humor would be the death of him someday.
The white cloud must have been the bag of powder Cas was holding. Heart racing, Dean whipped around searching the floor. Cas was sitting up against the desk, but from the angle, Dean was looking at him it was hard to tell if he had been shot.
Unlinking his arms, Dean pushed on Castiel’s chest putting a small gap between them. Panic coursed through his entire body, an apology was on the tip of his tongue when Dean turned around and squatted in an entirely sinful manner, he didn’t know his partner was capable of. As Dean came up, he grabbed both Castiel’s hands and
“Clear?” The word sounded slightly slurred but thank fuck for the beautiful bravado of Cas’ voice. His partner eyed him, waiting for an answer.
Only this position worked more in Dean’s favor than his own since Dean was grinding himself shamelessly up and down on his stomach; a reminder of the very hard, very attention-seeking boner just waiting to be ravished, lavished and devoured. And who was he to deny Dean?
A small gasp left Dean as Castiel placed a kiss in the center of Dean's tattoo. From the center he trailed his tongue down to swirl around a dusty pink nipple, earning him a shuddering inhale from above. Not to neglect the other nipple, he nibbled across the broad expanse of chest to lavish the other perky bud.
Ugh. Dean rolls over, trying to open his eyes against the strain of sunlight, "M'not dead. GO away!"
“Hey,” Dean said gently, up close he could see all the bruises and cuts littering Cas’s face, yet he was still the most gorgeous man Dean has had the pleasure of laying eyes on. Removing the rag from Cas’s mouth, Dean placed a quick to Cas’s lips; a reminder he was alive; he was safe; Dean was taking him home.
“Buddy are you okay?” Worry flooded his brain, Cas always retorted or grunted or huffed. After a few seconds of receiving nothing in return, Dean lost his cool. “Look at me!”
“I—” Cas shifted, placing his hands on Dean’s stomach and propping his chin upon them so he could look at Dean, “—I want to be selfish. I want to continue to be your work partner and—” Cas blue eyes swam with intensity, determination sailing against the rough waters of uncertainty, “—and I want to come after a long day and make you a cup of coffee; I want to pick up after you and fall asleep holding you; I want to lavish your body and learn each and every one of your weakness—” Cas licked his lips, shifting his eyes away and back to Dean’s, “—I want whatever you are willing to give me Dean.”
"Without sponsors you don't get a car. And last time I checked Cas, you can't win SCAA without a damn car. If you aren't winning, you're losing."
What was with Cas and orange fucking boxer briefs? Not that they didn’t sculpt and look downright haven’t eaten all day, sit down for Thanksgiving dinner drool-worthy, but seriously why orange?
“Hey, hey now it’s going to be—it’s going to be okay,” Dean spoke, softly choking on the words as he pushed them out. Dean trailed his fingers up and down Cas’ back not sure if he was trying to the other boy or himself more. “We’re going to keep in touch, I promise. You can call me every day and tell me all about your new house.” Feeling Cas nod into his shoulder, Dean continued trying to pour comfort into his touches and words for both their sakes, “You can’t get rid me that easily, Cas,” Dean tried for teasing, but the words caught in this throat filled with sentiment, “You’re my best friend. A couple of hundred miles between us isn’t going to change that,”
Once he was dry and in fresh, very dry boxers and gym shorts, his mind attempted to boot back up despite the fatigue fog clouding it. With his mother-hen instincts kicking back in, he knew he should check on Cas before crawling into bed himself. Sighing, he made a trip to the kitchen to grab a fresh call of water for Cas to drink before entering the master bedroom. Cas was right where Dean had seen him last, still sprawled out in the middle of the bed.
“Thank you?” Cas said, unsure if he should be thanking Dean or if this was one of his compliments that were actual compliments.
“You heard me. Get out and don’t let the door hit you on the ass on your way out sweetheart.” Dean smiled tightly, fully prepared to wrap this woman in the bedsheet like a human burrito, and deposit her ass in the hallway. Finally understanding that Dean wasn’t leaving, she threw eye-daggers at him before moving around the bedroom and pulling on her clothes.
“And after the charity event, is there anyone who can corroborate your whereabouts?” Dean questioned.
"No..." He winces, but he's determined in resolve so he squares his shoulders and tries again, "No, I don't. Tell Mr. Ford, Sam Winchester from marketing is here and he has a hell of an idea."
“Until his CI was murdered but not before the clever little guy managed to hand off the evidence he collected to a trusted individual.” Dean finished his partner’s sentence; it was something Dean’s noticed and had been hoping more and more.
Dean cringed, okay he was a downright asshole the first time they met, “Okay, I was an asshole but come on man you were kind of intense and I thought I was being partnered with a pompous rich prick with a stick up his ass.”
The translator stops at a loss of words; mouth hanging open. Enzo cares not  and continues in stiff English with complete command of the room, "Tell pig-head he is not Henry Ford. HE IS Henry Ford. THE SECOND." He sneers and then his face goes complete slack as he turns to Gozzi, "Let's go, I would like a snack."
Then he can remember the sensation of almost drowning in horrible tasting tap water. Leaning against the sink, he can’t help the bile of disgust in his throat. Bleh, Miami’s tap water wasn’t only metal tasting but somehow salty like drinking salted flakes of aluminum.
“Yeah, yeah you’re the exception,” Dean laughed, letting his slightly bowed legs carry the weight of oversized ego.
But the real threat was to his precious Baby, and her slick metal body possibly suffering hail damage. Over my dead body, Dean thinks. Without another thought hesitation he runs out into the hail and wind; he needs to get his girl in the garage. Berating himself for the one time he doesn’t take the time to put Baby in the damn garage is the time she needs to be safe the most.
The little dot blinks Cas’s location to be the woods a few miles behind the Dracula Would Totally Live Here mansion. Dean stares at the blinking dot for a half-second before he’s moving to his bedroom. He throws on a pair of jeans and some plaid on top of a black t-shirt with a Batman logo in the center (not the Halloween costume he wanted to wear but it’d have to do). Something is hanky-panky and Dean’s determined to find out what.
How was it possible for him to be more tired than when he went to sleep? Monday started the same way it had the week before minus one best friend. Gripping the strap on his backpack just a bit tighter, Dean zombied his way to first period. When did school become so dull? Nothing seemed to hold Dean’s interest as the day dragged on, his thoughts preoccupied with memories of fading taillights.
A while back Cas installed the Find My Friends app on Dean’s phone after a particularly wild night where Dean ended up white-girl wasted and on a bus to Kansas City.
“You’re more than welcome to go, I’m sure Captain Singer would appreciate the help; I would be of no use in this state.” There. He offered Dean an excuse to leave or maybe he was offering himself an excuse. Either way, it was his fault they were in this mess to begin with and he was man enough to own up to it. And also, man enough to stow his ego and apologize and as he opened his mouth—
Yep, Castiel Novak apparently had been a big shot accountant working on Wall Street before he decided to leave it all behind to move to the middle of bumfuck nowhere Kansas to work at a small nonprofit that focused on working with families in poverty. Dean swore Cas was honest to God angel on Earth; an angel with devilishly good looks and wicked card shark skills it seems.
Cas hums contentedly before rolling over and nudging Dean over so he can be the little spoon. He settles back into the warmth radiating from Cas’ body until his sweet tooth kicks in. Propping himself up on his elbows, Dean reaches into his poor neglected Halloween candy and digs around for a bite-sized Kit-Kat.
A guttural moan of protest came from Dean as he pulled back. Sad to separate from his new favorite addiction for even a second, Castiel had better plans in mind. Dean let out a rather entertaining
“If ya’ll are done with your pissing contest, will both you plant yer asses in those seats so we can talk business.” The Captain interrupted thankfully before Dean either received a punch in the face or another harsh burn from the
And maybe it’s vain to stand in front of the mirror and admire yourself, but it’s become of Dean’s daily routine; this new appreciation for his body. And with his newfound appreciation for his body, Dean’s developed an appreciation for silk and satin. The way the material glides in almost a lover’s caress over his skin; the way it moves with him. He never thought one decision would allow him to explore all these other avenues of interest. His dresser next to his floor-length mirror is covered in different types of lotions (finding one that feels nice but not oil, a trial and error process), the top dresser drawer bursting with a variety rainbow of silk and satin panties. Every time he trails his fingers over his skin in the mirror he falls a bit more in love with his own body.
What a horrible man he was; he should be ashamed ogling his defenseless partner while he snores like an angry bear, especially after his indiscretion in the shower. But rather than shame, adoration for the bear in his bed bloomed in his chest followed with flowers of dread. Exhaling deeply, he would beg on his knees for forgiveness for his actions. Even being drugged didn’t excuse his actions, he would need to apologize but for now, he would let Dean simply sleep.
"And sitting behind the wheel of a race car is yours! Racing isn't what you do, Cas, it's who you are!"
He turned to leave but stopped as he pulled the office door open, “Thank you,” he threw over his shoulder and walked out of the building letting the last bit of his mental power carry him to his Baby.
Pulling on the slide to chamber a round while eyes rolling his partner’s sass, Dean retorted, “Get your panties out your ass Feathers,” as he hung his body out the passenger window return firing at the fucking car transporting tractor-trailer.
And Dean yeah with those words coming from a real-life magazine model, he’s not above blushing underneath the praise. His train of thought derails and there’s no stopping his runaway mouth, “How does a guy end up waxing…you know…” Dean gestures vaguely to his privates, “For a living?”
Their t-shirts clung a little to their bodies from sweat but neither cared as Dean cranked the music as the guitar riff from Kashmir filled his bedroom. They had no care in the world but outdoing one another’s air guitar, dancing, and twirling. They jumped around like they themselves were international rock stars. Who needed an audience when they had each other to hype up and compete with?
Flinging himself on the couch, he swore his lips still tingled; were still kiss-swollen from Dean’s nibbling. His fingers moved as if they had a mind of their own, touching his lips gingerly. Castiel shook his head. Dean was probably unplagued by their impromptu kiss, thinking the whole earth-shattering situation on Castiel’s end was nothing more than what it was—a means to an end, a small kiss to distract the guard. Settling more comfortably, he pushed tonight’s events from his mind; they had bigger things to worry about than his inappropriate growing feelings for his partner.
Trying to keep his mouth shut lasts all of five seconds, “Sorry, that was really um, dumb of me to say. I’m—”
Dean picked up the note, looked side to side in case the sender was close by, then unfolded the note. He blinked twice to make sure his eyes were really seeing Cas’ neat scrawled handwriting. His breath hitched and it took all his willpower not to fold it back up and pretend he never received it; pretend whatever Cas had to say wasn’t going to feel like losing him all over again. Knowing Cas, it was probably a reading recommendation list or a reminder to drink plenty of water or to not hit on the away team cheerleaders during a game again, dude always, always had Dean’s best interest in mind. So, no reason to panic. The note no doubt just Cas making sure Dean was okay.
“Sexually intimate and sexually satisfied are two different things, Feathers,” Dean threw in, basking in Dick’s slipping smile and fuck off stare. Man, Dean would never get tired of knocking assholes like Dick down a peg.
If being a really big IF, they were wrong,  raiding the building and turning up bupkis would blow their covers, Sam and Charlie would both be in jeopardy. Who knew Dick’s reach? And Sam still hadn’t discovered the leak in the Attorney’s office. After a round table discussion about their findings on the warehouse, Dick, Balthazar, and the way they all came together like a Thomas Kinkade puzzle, the team agreed the reward would be worth the risk.
"Pizza man has taught you well," Meg chuckles and pats Cas' chest as she rolls aside. She plucks his shirt off the chair and pulls it over her head before opening the door and disappearing into the hallway, probably on her way to the bathroom.
Cas huffs a laugh, and shoots Hannah a quick reply telling the others to go on ahead. They’d meet up with everyone at Crowley’s. He finishes cramming his notebooks back into his backpack and stands up. Dean moves to step aside and let Cas out of the booth, but stops him before he can make for the front door. His hand rests on Castiel’s forearm.
Castiel startles and quickly hides his notebook beneath the heap of papers piled on his desk. He scrambles to sit upright and looks around him to find the rest of the class staring at him expectantly. Professor Ellen Harvelle taps her foot impatiently and leans on one hip.
Cas wanders down the quiet, whispering streets, awash with the illuminating highlights and deep shadows of a breaking day. He stops in front of his home and ponders how the carefully kept, white, wooden building with its wraparound porch and garden looks so inviting, whilst harboring the scariest place Cas could choose to enter right now.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Are you okay?” he asks, ignoring Crowley completely. Cas sits up and gestures at Dean to lean in closer, even closer, all the way to his side. "Don't ask stupid questions," Cas whispers too loudly in his ear, and is promptly pushed back into the cushions.
Cas closes his eyes and goes still. Dean clears his throat and presses on. “After you said you’d stay there with me, you told her you should’ve broken up with her the day after your big date, and that you never wanted to have sex with her in the first place. You left her there crying hysterically.”
“I know,” Cas grimaces. “It’s just- I don’t think I can go into a group like that. I don’t need that kind of help. I just…”
Oh hell. Now he remembers why he zoned out to begin with. Castiel gathers all his wit and concentration, and tries his best to understand Kevin’s words and-- even more challengingly-- form any opinions of his own on the subject. This is going to be a long and embarrassing hour.
“Fuck,” Cas whispers, voice breaking, feeling paralyzed by shame and anxiety. But Dean isn’t done, and Cas squirms in anguish.
she intones with delight, “I hear you already had company over. I’m impressed, you’re more free spirited than I gave you credit for.”
Cas has good parents on practically any standard, and he’s well aware of that. Still somehow he’s managed to get on the wrong side of them. He could speculate about how that happened if he wanted to, but he rarely does. It always feels as pointless and unconstructive as their discussions these days, which tend to leave Cas even more confused about what he kept doing wrong, and why he keeps being misunderstood.
“We’re not actually writing essays for History class, right?” Cas blurts by way of greeting and steps aside to let Dean in. His basement room has its own entrance, which Dean has made a habit of using instead of the front door, since he’s coming and going at obscene hours half the time.
Both agree that Castiel should probably face the music alone, and he is grateful for this. Before leaving, Dean makes him swear that he’ll call after everything has calmed down, and tells Cas he can come over if he didn’t feel like being alone tonight. The grounding promise is the only thing about the entire day that doesn’t fill Cas with imminent dread.
Cas senses an unrestful pull somewhere deep inside him, the stirring of something he chooses to leave unaddressed. Instead he comforts himself with the familiarity of what they have, and tells himself he is simply overthinking this. There was no need to navigate anything too big right now. This is just Dean. Dean who he’s now had sex with. Maybe they’ll just add that to the list of things they did as friends.
Two tall teenagers in a double is a tight fit, but they make it work. They haven’t really shared a bed before last night, save for a few sleepovers and afterparties, but that was always out of convenience and with other people around them. This is because they want to do it, all alone and sober. As new as this is, it isn’t the level of intimacy that throws Cas off as he presses his back against Dean’s chest, but the fact that there isn’t any awkwardness.
The very next day turns out to be a bleak Friday, and the Pacific North-West reflects every bit of Castiel’s mood, as he trudges through flooding streets. Mud seeps up the legs of his jeans and the crappy patent leather coat does very little against the chilling coastal gusts.
- Me and my friend got told off by a youth worker at our congregation once for dressing up in Hogwarts attire. It was all the rage back then- we were really active in the HP Fandom. I have to say, being accused of satanism for dressing up in a cape was a big nudge towards me adopting my current style and ultimately parting ways with the church. And no, I'm not "a satanist" :,)
Meg tugs at his shirt. “Off,” she demands and arches her back to push down her panties, forcing Cas to pull out his fingers. He strips his shirt off, then bends down to rummage through his bag for a condom. He returns with a foil package in hand, and takes in the nearly naked form of Meg in front of him, running his hand along the perky curve of her body. She eagerly palms Cas through his boxer shorts, and he gasps in pleasure. He’s way past overthinking this.
Dean hasn’t messaged him, and Cas does his best not admitting to himself that he was right not to. It’s up to Cas to apologize, but he simply can’t. Not right now anyway. He’s done enough groveling this week to last him a lifetime.
. But I- I can’t just stand by and say nothing while you self destruct,” Dean voices his worries with a pained edge in his voice.
They continue in companionable silence, one lost in writing what looks like a report of some kind, the other lost in a beer induced, detached haze. Cas scans his surroundings. The house isn’t much if you consider middle class living standards - the wall papers are peeling off here and there, the furniture is a mismatch of left overs from Crowley’s parents, and the house itself has seen much better days - but for a lone 18 year old, it’s impressive student housing.
He keeps falling into these senseless thought loops more and more. Sometimes he ends up writing until he passes out, other times he feels completely paralyzed, and can simply lie there until his mind finally shuts down. And while he waits, an endless succession of regrets, hopes, failures and what if’s parade through his consciousness.
He sighs in resignation. It’s moments like this that make Castiel acutely aware of the rift between Hannah and the rest of his life.
Cas lowers his eyes guiltily. “I’m sorry, Meg. I’ve just got a lot on my mind. But you’re welcome to stay, if you want.”
But he doesn’t know what. Cas only knows he can’t go to those meetings, he won’t. More restrictions and rules, more forced participation, those aren't what he needs. What he needs is to feel free of all the pressure everyone keeps piling on him.
To make matters worse, Hannah’s mother apparently called a few days ago and relayed a pretty colorful rendition of how Cas treated his ex-girlfriend over the past few weeks. He’s forced to sit through all of that discussion as well.
He's trying to shift and press down his erection uselessly when, naturally, Dean chooses the exact moment to stir. He squints at Castiel, face still halfway buried in his pillow. Cas tries to remain motionless and calm, attempting and failing to ignore the fact that he’s still cupping his crotch, while Dean studies him with sleepy interest.
“Okay, okay!” Dean takes a deep breath. “Hannah wasn’t as upset about seeing you and me as you’d think, but she didn’t appreciate it. She came to get you and dragged you off the dance floor. That’s when you told her to go home, that you’d rather stay and continue dancing and drinking without her.”
Cas pulls his fingers back with a wet pop and slips them past the fancy, lacy fabric of Meg’s barely there thong. His digits find wet lips and he rubs against the tiny nub above until she’s writhing beneath him, then pushes two fingers into her tight, wet heat.
“I’m just redirecting my efforts to something more productive. Like preparing for my inevitable success in Hollywood, where I intend to move once I’ve dropped outta high school,” Cas deflects with his usual sarcastic wit. Crowley chortles and goes to dig through his bag.
The prospect of revealing too much about his upcoming storylines is slightly intimidating, for multiple reasons. One is the fact that Sam’s guaranteed to be more knowledgeable on some of the new stuff than Cas. He may be a Sophomore, but already reads up on stuff far beyond any high school curriculum. Even Cas hasn’t thought to look up all of it. Fixes and adjustments will start dropping in the minute he opens his mouth.
Cas breathes a relieved sigh, and slides his hands along Dean’s back to pull him in, needing all the skin contact he can have. Dean’s forehead rests against Cas’ collarbone and he rolls his hips once, sinuous and languid, and let’s out a long groan that reverberates against Castiel’s neck. It sends a thrill down his spine, arching his back and sliding their cocks together in the hot, wet enclosure.
Dean's expression softens and he scoots closer, his arm now resting next to Cas'. "I told them I knew where you were, and that I'd come over and talk to you. You know I have your back, right?"
You should be. You embarrassed both of us. I need some time, but at some point I want to talk about this. Take care for now.
Cas knows this is not fair to Hannah, but she’s someone who’s been a part of his life for over half of it. He struggles to see a way out that doesn’t completely betray everything everyone around him expects and has been led to believe. There’s enough reasons for him to feel like a constant let down as is, and he’s got no aspiration to pile up on it.
“I need Sith Fish printed on a t-shirt," Charlie says and wipes tears of laughter from her eyes, but then addresses Cas more seriously. "There’s no way you passed the assignment with that crap though. Did Ellen let you have it?”
They jump in surprise, and Dean pulls his hand back quickly as Hannah emerges behind Charlie and Kevin.
“Who, God?” Cas laughs hysterically. “I’m sorry, mom, but God has left the building. And you know what? I’m leaving too.”
You know what? Have it your way. I’m asking your mother. Don’t blame me if that gets you in trouble. I’m sorry for giving a shit.
Cas turns his phone off again, before he inadvertently reads messages or has to decline calls from his parents. He knows this is the final nail to the coffin and doesn’t imagine getting away with this easy, but he has to find a way forward that doesn’t include the abhorrent plan his parents concocted for him.
Dean harrumphs and rolls his eyes. "What am I, chopped liver? Do I get a say about including my ass of a brother in this?" he asks, faking exasperation.
Amelia Novak is a well meaning, kind woman, as long as you didn’t push the wrong buttons. She works as a deacon at the local Presbytarian Church where she, among other things, supervises the Youth Ministry. Castiel himself used to be an active member for years, until he began doubting his beliefs and an irreparable rift began forming between him and faith. He still attends stuff on occasion, even until recently, but it’s always just to alleviate the pressure his mother puts on him.
Hannah cuts him off by raising her hand. “No need to apologize. I’m really sorry I ruined the mood last night. I get that I was a little forward, and I’m sorry. We don’t have to take another step this soon, okay?” She smiles, looking ashamed and a little sad.
Cas turns around to lie on his back and shields his eyes from the bright daylight that streams in from above him. The walk to Hester’s had been uneventful, so he tries to concentrate on what happened later. A memory flashes through his mind. There was a pulsing base rhythm and bodies being pressed against him. Cas turns to look at Dean seriously.
Dean shoots an exasperated look at Crowley, but the blush he’s sporting makes the gesture rather unconvincing. Cas snickers. "Thanks, Crowley, really," he says sincerely, pushes himself up and starts dragging Dean with him.
Crowley isn’t one to turn in assignments on time, or at all, but even he looks impressed. “You really are adamant on failing your Senior year, aren’t you.”
Cas sniffs at the sickly red liquid. It smells like cranberry juice, artificial flavor and bad ideas. The moonshine is sharp enough that it’s odor stings in his nostrils. Matching Dean’s speed would be a really shitty idea, Cas muses. The booze is strong and he isn’t an experienced drinker.
“At one point I came down to check on you, and you were being all handsy with this Meg chick. So I tried to pull you away before, you know, you drew unnecessary attention to yourself,” Dean continues. “You really didn’t want to leave the dance floor though. So I just let you drag me with you, and we danced for a bit.
Apparently your mom found you and Dean wrapped around each other in your bed. Good to know you made your choice, and also that you made it home.
“Yes, I can see you complaining," Meg laughs and pushes Cas down on the bed before climbing on top of him to straddle his hips. She grinds down sinuously, one hand pressed against his chest and the other sliding up underneath his chin. Cas grabs her waist as he thrusts up, and lets his palms slip beneath her top. He’s getting hard almost despite himself - it’s been a long week of pent up emotions and teasing - and Meg moans appreciatively as he rolls his hips again.
“It’s not you, it’s me” seems offensive even while it’s the truth, and he already knows it’s not going to go over well. But by now Cas has endured all the awkwardness he can take, and getting out of this mess unscathed is the least of his worries. He shivers from the mere thought of enduring another day of pretending and waiting for something to spark.
Grabbing Crowley’s wandering hands, Cas schooled his facial features. “Crowley we are in a hurry, I’m already paying extra for your services since we came in after hours.”
Kevin wiggles out Dean’s arm and walks away knowing he’s beaten. Gabriel shakes his head and leaves to go talk to Bobby who has stood by and silently witnessed the whole thing. Dean glances over at the old man and his face says it all—
“I—Dean—I,” Dean can tell Cas is struggling on the other side of the line. Dean hears Cas curse under his breath and the line goes silent for a beat. Cas audibly sighs and Dean can hear him furrowing his brows and scrunching his nose, “Dean I can’t go tonight.”
Now fast forward three days, it was time, unfortunately, to go back to work except his less than morning friendly counterpart thought otherwise. Ruffling the mess of near-black bedhead, “Bobby is going to chew our asses for being late on our first day back, not to mention the mound of paperwork I’m sure is piled on our desk.”
“Now—” Dean tracked the bitch’s movements; gun still pointed, safety off as she trailed her fingers along Cas’ chest, “—Since it’s just the three of us, why don’t we have some fun?” Cas finally blinked his eyes open, slowly coming to consciousness. “You see, I’ve stayed on top because I am ruthless and when I want something,” she grasped a fist full of his partner’s hair, yanking his head, “I take it.”
“Nope, that’s not true,” Dean said with a smirk, rechambering his pistol, “I said Miami PD first, then shot my way through the meth house. You’re the one who was too busy to notice the slime bucket slither out with half his goons and hop onto that monstrosity we are now chasing.”
sound as Castiel swept Dean clean off his feet and deposited him on the kitchen counter. Now he could feast on Dean with better ease starting with that mouth-watering freckled jaw. In response, Dean wrapped his legs around him, yanking him closer. His partner tilted his head back to give Castiel all the access he could want.
“Um—“Dean sputtered, coming up short; his brain short-circuited. Cas sleeps in his boxers, in his very tight, very orange boxers. Information Dean didn’t need but now was seared into his memory. Along with the following information he didn’t need but now knew: Cas appeared to be waxed like totally hairless but his arms, his thick thighs could definitely crush a watermelon between them, and the outline of his dick—not that Dean meant to look but
The first day of summer set the tone for the whole season and Dean blamed it on his faulty air conditioner. The window unit barely blew enough cool air to be considered an air conditioner But it beat sweating to death in the humid Kansas heat. Plus, after finishing a grueling year of high school nothing sounded better than a day of freedom indoors—playing (and effectively losing) Mario-kart, delving into the new comic Batman series, and dancing around his room voice overlayed by Robert Plant’s—with his best friend.
“And have all the fucking fun throwing every single piece of shit in that damn journal in a holding cell—” Dean grumbled, and the longer he talked the more Castiel hoped he’d choke on his coffee.
“Hey!” Dean hollered, all three heads turning towards him like a teacher scolding a group of children. Hurling the garments in his hands at his brother’s head, Dean felt a thrum of satisfaction at the bitch face he received when his little brother pulled the clothes from his face and started slipping them on, a slight flush on his face. “Now, let’s do this right.” Dean said, slipping into his detective side, “Charlie, tell us everything from the beginning, don’t leave any detail out no matter how small or insignificant you think it is okay?” She nodded in response. “Sam, after Charlie you better come clean with what is going on, no secrets you hear me? We need every piece of information we can get.” Sam nodded as well, then turned to Charlie, gesturing for her to sit on the couch.
7 Chapters for a single kiss? ARE YOU CRAZY? (hides from angry readers). Keep going I promise it is worth it. (winky face)
Saturday comes in a blink of an eye. The date goes well, Dean only spills one dab of ketchup on his shirt and Aaron is a delight. The conversation flows well both sides offering up stories from their past, Dean drags on about his Baby (the ’67 sleek black Chevy Impala he built from the ground up) and Aaron talks about his work as a day trader. Brief pauses come from food being delivered and food being eaten but by the end, Aaron paid despite Dean insisting he pay.
“Hey there Buddy,” Dean called out, startling the worker. As the man turned around, Castiel noticed two things. Dean’s snitch had ears too big for his head and were hard not to stare at as his toothy smile engulfed his face from Dumbo ear to Dumbo ear.
“I accept, are we done?” Dean pushed his mug aside and tried turning on his heel to walk away. It sounded less than sincere; in Castiel’s mind, it sounded like goodbye.
Charlie let out a squeal next to him. “We’re about to be some real-life 007’s.” Standing in the blink of an eye, Charlie snatched up Cas’s hand in her own, bouncing with excitement. “Oh my god, please tell me we are going to get to go all Octo-pussy on this asshole!”
Pushing the negative thoughts aside, Cas stated this morning he wanted whatever Dean was willing to give him—hopefully, his whole heart wasn’t too much.
“I’m not,” Dean admitted, “This whole operation was clean, smart, overly neat in a way a man could never accomplish. You seem to put criminals behind bars for a living and men are always boastful about their conquests, a woman though she could operate from the shadows and never blink an eye. Colored me impressed…sorry didn’t catch your name.”
—fuck missing Cas even though he’s only been gone a couple of hours. Breathing heavily, Dean stared down at his dented pillow letting the hot tears steamrolling down his face drip on his destroyed bed sheets.
A throat cleared. Both men ignored the second and third throats clearing, while still chasing constant physical contact until “You realize I can see you right?” Sam’s voice sounded a mixture of horrified and strained. “Trust me when I say, I am the only one subjecting my poor eyes to your dance floor sex torture. So if you're done trying to gross everyone out, can we finish what we came here to do?”
Clicking on Cas’ contact, the phone seems to dial and rings three times like normal before connecting to Cas’ voicemail—
There is always a moment before a kiss; a hopeful look, a playful smile, or some dreamy bedroom eyes batting their lashes that screams
eyebrow while opening his legs like a clamshell displaying a marvelous pearl was something he’d want over and over again.
He clamps his hand on Rufus’s shoulder, their fuel man, startling the man awake. Rufus is on his feet faster than a blink of an eye grabbing the fuel hose as the roar of an engine approaches.
He's practiced this a hundred times. And the board full of the men staring at him, isn't going to intimate him. He's Sam Winchester, and nothing scares a Winchester.
Sam inhales, and out of the corner of his eye he can see Crowley slightly shaking his head but he didn't get his far listening to that guy, "He said Ford makes ugly cars in our ugly factory. And all of our executives are sons of whores."
“Yeah, yeah. Now that we are all best friends, let’s get this show on the road,“ Dean said, stepping back so Charlie could slide herself out of the booth. Throwing on her backpack as soon as she was standing, Charlie fished out a couple of crumpled bills from her front pocket throwing them on the table.
“What do you think?  Roman's in on it?” his partner questioned as Dean started Baby, throwing her in reverse, the sooner they were away from this fucking place the better.
“Nice shot Freckles,” Cas spoke, a little breathless, the ghost of a smile haunting his pink, slightly chapped lips. Freckles. Damn fucking nickname, Dean thought trying to catch his breath while his adrenaline began fading. Shaking his head at his partner’s cheekiness, Dean only had himself and his big egotistical mouth to blame for their stupid nickname game.
The crew snaps back to work, and a moment later Dean is fishtailing out of the pit already shifting into second.
Dean thanked his lucky stars as his partner maneuvered the Porsche like a professional rally car driver, not afraid of shredding a little tread on the tires, successfully missing the crushed-up metal mess. By the sounds of the numerous tire screeches and e-brake pulls, Cas was going to need to throw another set of tires on this girl after this ridiculous high-speed chase.
"Yeah," Dean said, slightly memorized the warm feeling of Cas' hand in his. Only halfway up the porch steps did his brain start to function again, "Wait--" Dean pulled on Cas' hand to get the other boy to stop and look at him. Swallowing his tongue, and summoning every ounce of his courage, Dean stepped forward into Cas' space; reaching his free hand up to cradle Cas' cheek, "I came all the way to Colorado for this." And with those words, Dean leaned in slowly giving his best friend every opportunity to run or to stop Dean if he was uncomfortable. Instead, though, Cas' eyes slipped shut while he leaned forward to meet Dean's lips.
Dean threw a smile over his shoulder at him before turning his attention back to their cargo; helping Garth out of the trunk was like a baby deer trying to stand on its own legs for the first time.
Trailing the hand which had been holding Dean’s wrist hostage up to Dean’s face, Castiel cupped his partner’s cheek, “Dean.
Mr. High and Mighty strode over to them with overly calculated steps as if not to appear eager or worried. “Gentlemen.”
As he turned to try and move his lead-based body back to the comfort of his memory foam, he instinctively shrank back as his foot connected with something wet and slimy. His reflexes were still slow, and the tiled bathroom floor was unforgiving as he fell on his ass.
His little brother stared at his ceiling seemingly contemplating the universe problems, “You’re really driving to Colorado tomorrow?”
They wait out for the sirens to die down in the basement in fresh clothes, a shared blanket, and the warmth of each other’s arms.
Faking offense, Dean jolted out his bottom lip in an over-obvious pout. Cas burst into chuckles at the sight and when he snorted Dean followed suit. They could do this. The bond they shared was stronger than any number of miles put between them. Moving wasn’t going to their end, Dean determined as he drove Cas home from their last late-night cruise.
It had only been four days, but it felt like a lifetime since he’d been to Gabriel’s apartment—the apartment which almost felt like a second home at this point.
distance. Oh, Dean knew Cas was going to rain down his smitey righteous justice on him later but getting to see the look of sheer shock on his face, totally worth it. Setting the glass down on the dresser next to him, Dean watched the magic unfold.
The number 2 car turns into the apex early, but Cas isn't falling for their slick tricks. He waits. He takes the a late apex turn and the number 2 car is helpless as Cas hammers the throttle.
Absolutely not panicking, Dean called the person who would have seen him last; Bobby. His phone connected on the second ring, the Captain’s voice filling the phone, “Son, do you ever sleep; I recommend getting a life.”
Relief throughout the team was palpable as they piled inside the apartment—Charlie, more than ready to soak her aching feet, grumbled about the atrocious heels while she pitter-pattered her way to bed. Sam commented under his breath about erasing the last four hours from his memory as he strode off to his bedroom, and that left Castiel rock-paper-scissoring Dean for the last bed, again.
Sam pulls out his trump, he holds up a piece of paper to curious onlookers, "Ferrari's bankrupt." Sam flashes Crowley a quick smirk before turning back to the man of the hour, "Enzo has spent every dime he has chasing perfection. He found it, and he's broke." Sam slaps the paper on the boardroom table causing a few suits to jump, but he doesn't skip a beat, "Ford is the biggest automobile company in the world. Imagine it: a Ford Badge on the nose of one of those sexy, fast red machines."
Somehow, someway Cas had managed to change Dean’s perspective on the whole partner situation. Because now, Dean couldn’t imagine his life without Cas as his partner—hell he couldn’t imagine his life without Cas’s snarky, nagging ass period. So, for a half millisecond tonight when he saw Cas slumped against the desk, Dean’s entire world shrank down to the size of the world’s smallest violin and his heart only started beating once again when he found Cas was a-okay; well at least alive.
“Trust me, this—” he pointed at the journal, “It's worth every risk, I hope you nail every fucking scum bag in this bad boy.”
This year’s costume is a little different. Dean had been rolling the idea in his head for weeks before deciding, fuck it they were doing it. This year—Supergirl and Batgirl. He reaches out and fixes the pleats on Cas’ red skirt, then fixes his matching black skirt.
With a roll of his eyes at Crowley's antics, Sam falls in line behind Gozzi as he leads the herd of people inside the factory.
With that thought in the back of Dean’s mind, he refocused his attention to the problem at hand—breaking apart Sammy’s enormous information dump. “Okay, so essentially Roman Enterprises right now is like that monster from Hercules—”
Routine became his sanity. Wake up, go to school, sit through his classes, go to practice, work at the garage every other night, stare at his homework until eyes watered, crawl into bed, dream of Cas, start all over again.
Dean faintly hears knocking on the door. Or maybe thats his brain knocking against his skull, he's not sure.
Cas chances as Gabe opens his mouth, staring down into his coffee as if it holds the answers to their problem, "So, the IRS."
His racing rollercoaster of emotions in a matter of minutes had him feeling wide awake and he could really use some aspirin for his insistent headache. But first…
The fact this is really happening sinks in and all Dean can do is shake his head no. He bends down to unlace his sneakers opting for tennis shoes instead of his normal boot wear today.
“Come on Feathers.” Dean peered over his shoulder a devilish grin accompanying a glint of something mischievous in those forest eyes. “Who could say no to this face?”
He was going to show Dean exactly how he wanted to shut that pouty mouth. “This,” He replied, trading his grasp on those luscious love handles for globs of fine boxer clad ass tugging Dean clean off the counter. Dean’s yelp of surprise only spurred him on more.
Someone call 9-1-1, Cas just gave Dean a heart attack—was he even breathing? Dean is absolutely sure his heart exploded. His whole body flushed crimson. Shoving a hand in Cas’s face in a playful manner, “Fucking sap—” Dean choked up. “No chick-flick moments before coffee.”
He hears shouts but the actual coherent words are lost to the wind and rain. He’s soaked to the bone by the time he slides into Baby’s black leather bench seat. Girl starts faithfully while the hail tinks against her, Dean cringes at the thought of looking her over in the morning praying for the best but mentally preparing himself for the worst.
Gone. Their late-night adventures, pillow conversations, study sessions, movie marathons, inside jokes, cooking lessons, plan making, shoulder touches, bed-sharing, lingering stares, belly laughs, gone. All of it was packing up and moving away.
Getting with the program, so the poor schmuck doesn’t think Dean is crazy, “Yes, that obvious?” he tries for nonchalant but his nerves bleed through his words.
Dean’s more than giddy now than ever to dress Cas up this year for Charlie’s annual Halloween bash. They met the redhead their freshman year of college and she quickly adopted them into her family of friends. Half the university shows up for Charlie’s bash and this year she rented out the local event center to hold it. Seriously, the bash is a sight to see because as usual, Charlie goes above and beyond. Since she’s in the theater club, she borrows all sorts of props for her bash, monster costumes are the pinnacle of the party and there’s enough candy, punch, beer, and alcohol for a small city festival.
Did Cas even make it to Colorado yet? Was the drive boring and awful? Was Cas feeling this way too? Questions swirled around his head with no answers. Wait. What time was it? Maybe Cas had already called, and Dean had missed it. Panic obliterated any other feeling. Wiping his face with the back of his hand, Dean climbed off Baby’s hood shoving Cas’ letter back into its safe spot before climbing in and driving home.
His basement is partially finished but still resembles your average there’s probably been a murder down here basements. Nonetheless, Cas hauled his ass down here, and luckily, he remembered to flip the light on as they trotted down the stairs.
, Dean recounts Cas saying after he snatched Dean’s phone and installed the app. The app went both ways though, meaning Dean could pull it up and locate his asshole of a best friend.
Dean waved at the doorman as he entered the lobby, heading for the elevator. He didn’t bother checking in since the doorman knew Dean by name given he spent more time at Cas’ apartment than his own these days. The elevator doors slid open and Dean pressed the button for the top floor before leaning against the back railing.
best friend already in a pair of bright orange boxers and jumping one leg at a time into a pair of gym shorts. He crosses his arms while striking his power pose ready to hear whatever explanation Cas is going to offer.
In the midst of their blooming friendship, the dorky little guy somehow managed to bulldoze all of Dean’s
Cas stepped around him scanning the room with his freaky keen hawk eyes. The smell of bleach faintly touched his nose, and by the frown, on Cas’s face, he was piecing together about as much as Dean was which added up to big fat nothing. Nobody, no blood, no bullet holes or shell casings, no broken glass, not even a coffee stain in the damn carpet.
“Yes sir,” Dean hung up, sliding across the bench seat back to the driver’s area. “It’s going to be okay, we are going to get you to a hospital and—”
is leading him. A tingling feeling directing his movements, perhaps some type of intuition? Whatever, Dean lets the feeling lead the way, hoping it will take him to the bonfire.
He kept his eyes slammed shut and face buried deep into the back of Cas’s neck, not willing to take even a centimeter being offered to him. All he could do was hold the fuck on while hisses followed by a mix of breath moans and his name echoed off the shower walls.
“Dude, what the fuck?” Because seriously what the fuck? Cas was weird most days, social norms weren’t really his thing but ever since after the raid, even by normal Cas standards, the dude was being extra weird.
Castiel rarely got angry, and even more rarely shouted; he honestly surprised himself at the outburst: “That’s no excuse for my actions!” Castiel shouted, snapping Dean’s attention from the ceiling to his face.
Once satisfied with his work, Cas tosses the mallet on the ground then slams the lid over the suitcase. He tosses the most shit eating grin at Kevin, “Well look at that, fits just fine.”
It's a split second, but he narrowly misses the 4 car. Swerving around the 4 car, Cas rockets through the dust and smoke the 4 car leaves in it wake as it slides off the track.
“Only because I drive a classic! Baby is a ’67, she deserves to be driven with respect, you modern Italian-loving, speed seeking heathen.” Dean caught Cas rolling his eyes for the nth time, mouthing along to the next words he’s heard spoken hundred times from Dean’s mouth. “I built Baby with my own two hands, and my daddy didn’t leave me with no trust fund Feathers. I’m not in this for thrills.”
Thankful for the welcome distraction, Dean threw himself headfirst into the new lead. Anything to occupy his mind on work rather than his work partner and their stupid not-kiss, kiss.
Dean frowns, remembering those two weeks being some of the worst of his life. He tosses in the other half of his Kit-Kat that was melting between his fingers into his mouth trying to reign in his original train of thought. His apartment! Right! Dean snagged a great apartment with two bedrooms hoping Cas would move into the second bedroom but his hope went up in smoke when Cas announced he was moving into Creepy McCreeper mansion.
“Yeah, yeah you big flirt. Let’s do this before I lose my nerve.” Dean responds, laying back on the table wiggling himself into a comfortable position.
Fuck, what could Dean say? He was choked up, blessed didn’t even begin to describe how he was feeling. There’d be time for some more click-flick moments—hugs and tears and lifesaving thanks—but right now, right now they needed a fucking plan and a damn good one to bring Cas home safe and sound, “Alright, we are going to need one hell of a plan.”
In order to stay sane and for the sake of the case the next couple of days were spent doing some surveillance on the warehouse. Call it a chip on shoulder but Dean took a little pride in the fact he was rubbing off on his partner because his partner had trusted his gut instinct on this place; and Cas’s gut was turning out to be right. Armed guards wandered the grounds of the warehouse every fifteen minutes. Something was being moved in and out of the building; something highly illegal and valuable if Dean was betting. They would need more firepower than their miniature swat if they were going inside the building; they needed to call in reinforcements, which meant breaking their radio silence and calling Bobby.
Then there was the summer sun. While the sun freckled Dean’s body, it seemed to kiss Cas’. Dean only noticed because he’d kill for an awesome tan rather the bridge of his nose bursting with new freckles like a freckle bomb exploded on his face every time a tiny ray of sunshine hit his skin. Jealous. Yeah, if Dean had to put a name to the feeling of seeing Cas’ beautiful, tan body dripping with water in the summer sun, it’d be jealous.
“Are you going to shoot them or am I going to have to do everything myself?” Cas deadpanned, straightening his back and tightening his already white-knuckle grip on the steering wheel.
Closing his eyes, he fought to stifle a yawn. The last thing Dean wanted was sleep even after Cas covered his barely awake ass in a warm blanket, they had work to do after all.
Were? If he gets home in one piece, Dean’s going to do some serious monster terminology research. While he’s at it he should probably check Were (yeah, that’s the one he decided on) lore.
Rubbing at the bite on his neck, Dean’s not afraid to admit he’s a little nervous. But he gave his heart over to this
“Alright buddy, we need to keep you hydrated and the first sign of trouble I’m knocking your ass out cold and taking you to the damn hospital,” Dean said, lifting the glass of water to Cas’ lips. Instinctively, Cas began drinking, gulping down the liquid as fast as Dean would let him. After the second round of water, Cas seemed much more coherent but still very…silly. And still very warm, his unruly hair curling from the sweat beading on his forehead.
“Garth,” Dean said, his voice dipped with a Snow White poison apple sweetness, “we can do this easy way or we can do this the Winchester way.”
Two steps ahead of everyone else, Charlie dug around her backpack, producing her laptop and the possible drug-empire-toppling drive. Charlie set her laptop on the table gingerly, as if setting it down harder than with a featherlight touch would shatter it, and flipped the lid open.
“We were working on putting together a case that was going to turn Miami upside down. The underlying drug trade is the source of income funding for all of these operations. Kevin knew if we could find the root supplier, we could trace it back to Roman Enterprises and tie all the loose strings together in one solid, irrefutable case so no cockroach would be able to survive when we brought down the crushing truth,” Sam finished, sounding every bit of the top-graduate Stanford lawyer he was.
The sight deserved an Oscar for the best non-CGI stunt scene. A dramatic low whistle escaped Dean’s lips as the truck flipped sideways four times before landing on its side and sliding an additional fifteen feet with metal dragging along the pavement like nails on a chalkboard.
“Dean, Sam will have eyes on us the whole time. I can do this,” Charlie said, her voice strong even though Dean knew she was trying to console his nerves.
His name sounds broken and strangled around the growl coming from Cas’s gorgeous mouth. Dean shivers from the sound, expecting goosebumps tickling his legs.
posturing bullshit Dean preferred the shortened version of Castiel’s name rather than the stupid spur of the moment nickname Dean had given him, although feathers stuck like glue which in turn meant so did freckles; and his partner’s fucking attitude.
Dean’s world narrowed down to the very sweaty, panting probably from a run given the shorts and soaked AC/DC shirt which looked suspiciously like the one that had gone missing from Dean’s closet, best friend. Even drenched, Cas looked like he walked off the set of a modeling shoot.
The call an hour later, the distorted voice wanted one thing—Dick Roman; Dick Roman in exchange for Officer Novak. Except they didn’t just take Cas, no kidnap him, and took him to fucking Cuba where they had no police power. The call went dead leaving Dean with a location, a time, and an exchange request. The only lasted 45 seconds and was placed from a burner so tracing the call was impossible.
Cole turns around with a smirk, "Well if it ain't Dean Winchester." Cole pauses, then, "Dean this is Dieter Voss. He runs Porsche out of Jacksonville Florida."
“I will,” Dean smiled watching his brother leave his room. Snuggling back into his bed, his thoughts circled around his day. Everything changed and nothing changed—his family still loved him, he still liked his best friend, and the world didn’t end. He’d have to give his brother a hard time about his crushes when he got back; with that singular thought on his mind sleep swooped in and knocked him out.
Resigning himself to his fate, Dean stepped closer to Cas. “Alright buddy, we gotta cool you down,” Dean said, approaching slowly unsure if Cas was going to fight him like an uncooperative, menacing three-year-old. A flashback of when Sam was a baby popped into his mind and if his memory served him right; wrestling his little brother into clothes was just as hard as wrestling him out of them.
If Dean stares any harder, he's going to stare a hole into his sunglasses, "Do you like losing, Cas?"
Instead, Dean gets, “Dean,” with a nasty bite, and “What are you doing here!?” like he’s the one who needs to be answering questions.
Finally, after silently declaring to set the pants on fucking fire they decided to cooperate, and Dean managed to free Cas from their confines.
Straightening himself and tucking away his loose thoughts, he walked over to his team, complimenting Charlie on the dapper and dashing deep plum crystal-encrusted dress.
“I spent the evening with a quite fetching young lady in fact and I’m sure she would be more than willing to explain exactly where I was last night,” Dick leered. Ugh, Dean felt honestly sorry for the poor woman who spent the night with probably a two-pump chump. With one look Dean could tell he was rocking a tootsie-roll penis instead of the monster cock he more than likely lied about having.
can Cas give a motherfucking blowie; tongue massaging the underside of his dick while enthusiastically bobbing up and down not even bothering to breathe.
stare. Now all of this would deter your normal high school student from talking to the boy with a permanent scowl but somehow it made Dean want to unravel the enigma of Castiel all the more.
Speaking of Cas, Dean’s been texting him on the regular. Sending him funny things Dean sees at the different job locations he travels to, while Cas shares the latest waxing horror story. Their friendship is a raging wildfire of banter, bad jokes, and for some reason bee facts.
Sam snuck into his room late in the evening. “Dean, hey Dean,” he whispered, shaking at Dean’s shoulders.
“Says this is your first time?” and shit, this guy’s voice is finally registering in Dean’s head and it sounds like he swallowed a bunch of gravel and chased it with whiskey.
“Hey,” Dean thumbed at his cheek, avoiding the purple and blue areas, “I mean in it sincerely,” Cas tilted his head in that adorable way in which started Dean’s stupid crush the first time he saw it; it was about time he came clean altogether, “What I mean is, I’ve never told you the reason I call you feathers.”
“Dean,” Cas said with the softest tone Dean had ever heard while reaching back to grab Dean’s hands and place them on his hips. With a choked breath, Dean gripped the fuck out of those sharp hips; half afraid if he pulled his hands away, he would cut himself. How could the universe hand him everything he’s ever wanted in the dirty, most underhanded fucking way?
Cas throws him a shrug, “I’ll show you mine if you show me yours. Most people feel better after you show them everyone’s um, privates are different.”
Something caught his attention, the folder in Castiel’s hand contained a series of paper rent bills for a building; judging by the address the building was more likely a boat warehouse. A club owner had no need for a shipping warehouse, unless he was involved in the drug trade and used it to move merchandise who knows where under the radar.
The guy couldn't even lunge at him straight. Easy prey. Electing for a shoulder throw nicknamed "the Zombie", Cas closed the distance once more and planted his right foot across both of the guards, raised his hands and tightly gripped the fabric on his right shoulder and right elbow before turning and simultaneously lifting the guy's body over his own right shoulder so he was hanging over him like some undead limp asshole. The remainder of the art was to thoroughly slam his body to the groundbreaking bone in the process. As the massive thud shook the floor and killed the lights, Cas stepped back with no measure of satisfaction at having to hurt someone because of their blatant stupidity.
This endeavor became more fun than Dean imagined. Dude food orgasmed over his first Roadhouse burger kicked everyone and their mothers’ asses at Mario-kart, and after a little instruction could give Slash a run for his money slaying some air-guitar.
Because like a man shot out of a canon, the Captain blasted out of his office, stalking toward the pair.
Stroking the soft strands, Dean loses himself in the action for a minute just watching his glide through the fur over and over again; it’s rather relaxing. As he continues, Dean chuckles lightly when the wolf pushes his head up into Dean’s palm. Although by closer examination the thing is really too big to be a normal wolf.
Dean tended to fish while Cas and Sam swam in the lake, only joining them after not catching anything for the first few hours. Cas didn’t understand the meditative aspects of it even after Dean tried to explain it and fishing to him, but he banned Cas from touching a fishing pole after managing to sink a hook into the soft flesh on Dean’s triceps while Dean tried to teach him proper pole casting.
“Uh-huh, and I take it you're leaving right this second by the way you're chomping at the bit.” Dean nodded, “Why?” Bobby asked and wasn’t that the million-dollar question.
"Kevin," Gabriels grabs the officials arm, yanking him to the side and away from Cas. Past them Dean sees Cole Trenton and a very richly dressed man.
“If you don’t try and kill me first,” Dean giggles, trying to distance himself from Cas’ tickling, “Okay, okay,” Dean says, swatting at Cas’ hand to get him to stop.
The question has Dean chuckling, as far as small talk goes it could be worse, “I’m an electrician. Actually, I just finished my apprenticeship a year ago and now do subcontracting work,” Dean’s humble about his work, he opted to go more for a technical career. He’s great with his hands and he makes good money doing what he does luckily without all with student loan debt that comes from attending a four-year university.
Crowley steps in before Sam even thinks to open his mouth, "Sir, with all respect, you're selling your company."
“Dude, weren’t you supposed to count to three?” Dean breathes out with a rasp. Cas runs a soothing hand down his thigh gently repositioning it into place.
Arriving home, Dean face-plants into his memory foam. Who knew getting a wax would be so mentally exhausting? He feels like he went through twenty rounds of rapid-fire trivia and his brain is on fire screaming help me!
Damn. Dean hated to admit it but he kind of liked the feisty side of this dude; liked the idea that the harder he pushed, the more likely he was to get burned. A smirk tugged at Dean’s lips. With the almost coal colored hair and his chin tipped up in defiance, Novak reminded Dean of a chubby, fluffy, slightly angry bird. And the image was just so damn adorable, Dean just wanted to ruffle up the dude’s feathers even more. “Did I rile you up, feathers?”
“What do you think Feathers?” Dean eyed his partner as they neared the building, his gut swirling with a sense of wrongness. Not one thing seemed out of place, everything seemed utterly normal, too normal in Dean’s opinion.
Arching his back like a stripper short on this month's rent, Dean grabbed a fistful of Castiel’s equally unruly bedhead and wickedly smirked, “Make me.” Oh, he intended to.
Unsure of the meaning behind Dean’s words, he went with a somewhat casual, “Thank you,” as Dean’s attention shifted from his shirt to Charlie referencing another movie he'd never seen. What did a choir boy even look like? Rather than ponder his looks, he pondered on Dean’s.
Cas sighs knowing Dean isn’t going to let it go and why would he when whatever Cas is keeping from his has his face as red as a cherry-picked tomato, “Tradition dictates that after my twenty-first birthday I—” Cas swallows, looking at the ground like he’s discovering a new species of leaves and it’s the most interesting thing in the world, “I—I have to take a mate.”
“Awesome, when we go to serve the warrant Sam, I want you to take Charlie to the safe house.” Dean looked around at his new crime-fighting squad, a nagging feeling tugging at the back of his mind. “Are we forgetting anything?”
The building heat between them is suffocated when Cas rests his forehead against Dean’s shoulder, wrapping his hands around Dean’s waist. Squeezing the hip bone in his hand, Dean stands still soaking in this moment into his memory; letting the pine and citrus smell wallow in his nostrils and the searing warmth from Cas’ body chase away the bite of the night air. Every small detail Dean wills his body to remember because they’ve teetered this line before—lingering stares, falling asleep on each other during movie nights—but never fully crossed it.
Carefully half-stepping forward, Dean takes the offered ball-saving garment with a thanks. Cas smiles and says, “No problem,” while turning around to clean up and letting Dean dress in peace. The whole sudden shyness makes Dean chuckle and shakes his head, dude just saw every inch of him up close and feels the need to turn his back so Dean can get dressed.
“When have you ever cared about the rules Cas?” Dean says around the dry lump in his throat, “Mr. wears a hot pink princess dress to the prom,” Cas might be an alpha or whatever, but Dean is Dean fucking charm your pants off Winchester.
Three more sloth-like days went by when the letter came. Dean had resigned himself to the fact Cas confessed and ran, technically not by his own doing. The love letter stuffed in his locker with each growing day solidified his notion that the neatly scribbled words might be the last correspondence he ever receives from his best friend. And maybe that had his hope well-drained dry, the fact he not only missed his chance at having Cas as his boyfriend? Yeah, boyfriend would be the correct term, but he lost the one friend who knew him inside and out, knew his soul laid completely bare, and still chose to be his friend.
“Yes, fucking yes,” Dean says, still trying to catch his breath. Another shot of whiskey is exactly what he needs to chase away the fleeting stinging. Dean accepts the glass graciously, raising it in a slight
blue eyes—” Dean leaned up and clutched both Castiel’s biceps, “—Castiel Novak—I fucking want you and if you don’t fuck me soon so help me—”  Castiel kissed his name and the threat right out of Dean’s mouth, removing his fingers from Dean’s clenching hole in the process.
Even with the few hours head start on clean up, to find not even a shred of evidence was unprecedented. Both men walked the space staring at the floor, examining inside and out cubicles, the metal on containing the servers trying to find the smallest remnants of the murder.
Cas narrowed his eyes while keeping his head tilted, waiting for Dean to continue, “Do you remember the first time we met?”
“Do not burn this shirt.” Dean pointed at one of the ladies already leading him away, a horrified expression on his face. This was his favorite flannel.
“Balthazar has almost every inch of the club under camera except for his office; it seems to run on a closed system completely separate from his other cameras,” Charlie said, starting their information campfire.
"Let me ask you a question," Cas's deep voice could turn lava cold, "When you were a little boy did you think, I'm going to show up to the fabled Willow Springs raceway and enforce Paragraph 16.7 section 3C on
Walking into the designated warehouse location, Dean held tight to his prisoner; scanning the dimly lit space for any signs of life. His steps echoed off the concrete floor. One hand on the prisoner, the other hand on his gun in his hip holster.
“Indeed. Yet he does not despair. His salvation has arrived in the form of a Delegation from a distant land; where all the men wear masks. So the husband’s jealousy becomes his ally. He hatches a plan to seduce his guards and while they sleep, to
A wide wooden bench ran the length of one wall. The man Bisla and his brothers pushed Dee-Ann onto it. They stripped off the yellow robe Maeghara had given him. Dee-Ann would have shouted and snatched it back again, slapped the men for daring to touch Maeghara’s gift. But Maeghara had told him her word, so he just pinched is lips and let them take it.
Time had passed in Et-Banotaj city. And in the villa of Traders Maeghara and Derubeis, in his room tucked under the stairs, Dee-Ann had grown into a vision. Gone was the scared half-savage he-brat who had shrieked at the idea of a bath; and whose world had fit in a child's fist. In its stead now sat a young man in the first bloom of glowing , resplendent beauty. He had grown tall, and his body was firm and lithe. Away from the harshness of the desert sun, his skin had paled from weathered brown to a silky cream. His golden godbraids now slapped the small of his back when he stood  and sang with silver godbells every time he moved. His movements, were graceful; less like a young man and more like one of stupid Derubeis' fish swimming through the air. It was his face however, above all else that made him beautiful. Youthful roundness had made way for a study in sculpted angles and a strong masculine jaw. The soft, fulness of his lips made those he spoke to hang on his every word. But looking into his liquid green eyes made them deaf.
He was a Prince. Such things were like kernels of corn to him. But Dee-Ann certainly wasn’t. And judging from the state of his clothes he could well imagine this was the single most valuable thing Dee-Ann had ever owned. And he’d lost it because of Castiel.
“With the free will your God of Light has given us?” Tran’s expression was one of such disgust and ridicule that Castiel was sure he’d never seen its like. “Well let me tell you Master…..” he spat the word. “….with that same free will, I have chosen to destroy you. You and every other Master who lives to rich and take whatever you want and leave nothing for the rest of us.” Tran all but growled. Castiel felt his chest tighten and he realized his own eyes were filling with unshed tears.
At that moment a powerful woman galloped by on a striped horse. Her head was held high, and she wielded a mighty scimitar that gleamed in the sun like the Sand-Cat emblazoned in green and red and black stones on her leather breastplate. She did not look at Dee-Ann and Chaala where they stood. It was clear – as she rode back a few moments later – that she had been sent to count the number of caravans and carriages in their spine.
“Oh put it to bed Mega!” said Derubeis crossly. “If this is what we’ve got to look forward to on the long road back to Et-Banotaj I doubt you and I will be speaking by the end.”
The woman Bara-bhur – having spotted Dee-Ann’s fascination with them – explained that in battle, the last desperate and crucial moments were often reduced to this. Another warrior’s glinting eyes, the knifeblade glinting in her hand. Dirt churned to bloody mud, slippery and treacherous. She who was fastest, strongest; most determined to survive. A knife dancer who forgot her steps, was a dead woman dancing on a grain of sand. Dee-Ann could do nothing but marvel as they trained and sparred every highsun and slowsun. Watching them weave and glide and move through their hotas - knife dance patterns passed down from warrior to warrior from the world’s first newsun.
With a deep breath, Castiel allowed himself to take in the sight of Dee-Ann’s naked body. He was breathtaking. Every inch of him is perfection. Even his toes were long and elegant. Castiel brushed his hands up over the arches of his feet, his shins, his calves – pausing here to lick and kiss and suck at more scars – before licking long stripes along his thighs. With a groan of pleasure, Castiel caught the first taste and smell of Dee-Ann’s cock. It was still undeniably Dee-Ann but somehow….
Dee-Ann nodded. If he told Ashar, he would take this gift away and keep it for himself. “I will keep it a secret.”
The Trader nodded. “True.” She held out her hand and easily caught the camel whip tossed to her. Fingers tight in his hair, she snapped the woven hide quirt around his legs so that the little metal weights on its end painted bloody patterns in his flesh. The blows stung like fire. The child sank his teeth into his lip, and stared unblinking into the Trader’s careful, watching eyes; daring her to strip the unfed flesh from his bones if he liked. She would see he was no weakling. He was worthy of her coin.
“Honeyed Sadsa” he whispered with a smile, handing Castiel a Prince’s goblet – fitted with a unique spigot to allow him to daintily pour the contents into his mouth without having to disturb the paint on his lips. Castiel drank hungrily, the sweetened richness of the Sadsa singing across his tongue. He fought to suppress a groan of pleasure, shooting Tran a grateful look as he handed the goblet back. Tran waggled his eyebrows ridiculously, before surreptitiously popping a sugar date into Castiel’s palm from his pocket. Castiel shot him a look of mock annoyance before savoring the sugary treat
“Light blind her.” He whispered feeling utterly defeated. He’d come all this way for nothing. He pushed his hands through his hair in frustration. There was nothing for it. He would just have to wait until tomorrow night and try again. All but dragging his feet, he turned and walked back down the stairs. He shivered as he walked back into the open space of the Keep, pulling his shawl tight around his body and wrapping the folds of the cloak tighter around himself as he walked.
in the process; every piece of armor, every single link of chain mail; even her sword…was forged entirely from the blood of her enemies.
“Gabriel this isn’t one of your breathless ballads.” Castiel said dismissively. Gabriel had something of a talent for composing the most base and shocking poetry and verse  imaginable. If Castiel didn’t stop this entire line of thinking, he would find himself the subject of one of his brother’s songs, or worse……his plays.
The Barracks of Et-Novakar. The city within a city. Surely, one he-brat could find a home and go unnoticed insude such an anthill. Maeghara would never think to look for him there? She would not. He knew it. In the Barracks of Et-Novakar he would be safe. All he had to do was reach them . He knew there were many caravans traveling to Et-Novakar for the Queen's nameday. He woukd have to find a way onto one.
Maeghara growled. “What is money to a dead woman in the grass?” she asked. “We are no match for a Warlord’s raiding party.”
"I am not stupid Maeghara. I can learn Trader business. You have no daughter. I can be a daughter to you." he said, eager to explain. He did not say the rest. He did not say that if she asked him, he woukd spread his legs for her. That he would let her fuck him and give her daughters. He had imagined it many times. He wanted nothing more. He did not say he loved her. He did not say it. She must know. She always....
He'd dismissed all his slaves as soon as the last traces of blue had been scrubbed from his skin; and ordered his guards as far as it was possible for them to go. He wanted to be alone. Wrapped in his shawl, his damp hair falling heavily about him; he walked with a small lamp and walked. He walked out of his rooms and down the two long portrait galleries that led from his door to the staircases. Pausing next to each one, he felt like a newborn foal seeing the world for the first time. How had he walked by them so many times and never noticed them? He must've known them for what they are. How had he never SEEN them?
The thought screamed through his mind before he could stop it, and Dee-Ann instinctively shut his eyes and screwed up his face in terror. Surely to tempt the God with such disrespect would be a smiting sin. But still......there was nothing. Dee-Ann felt thick, hot tears spring from his eyes. He could not stop them. He did not want to. He had never felt more alone. More abandoned and betrayed. Not even by Maeghara when she had called him a slave. He sobbed softly. He had come so far. It wasn't fair. Why would the God make him beautiful enough to catch Maeghara's eye when the God sent her and stupid Derubeis to the Village? Why would the God let him name himself, and carry him all the way from the Savage East to the villa in Et-Banotaj; let him learn reading and counting and dancing....and give him cunning and strength enough to escape that place; to survive the streets and the caravan of the Bitch Bara-Bhur and her stupid daughter Chaala? Why would God see him safely in its eye all the way to Et-Novakar, and lend him its power to survive the Witch Illistur and all those who tried to kill him?
. All but unheard of in males! It should have been brought to the attention of the Sisterhood years ago, that we might have molded him properly and exploited these tools for our purposes.”
"And you cut out her tongue so she could never reveal your secret?" Castiel asked sounding utterly disapproving.
of razor sharp teeth descended from his gums to cover his regular teeth. They were horrible, and tinted slight silver; and Castiel shuddered at the sight of them.
Castiel went from dead sleep to full awake in the space between one heartbeat and the next. Awareness flooded in. After the feast he’d foregone closing his bed curtains. It was an unseasonably warm night in the Palace, and the stones of his bed chamber bore that cooled-sweat feeling they acquired before a change in the weather.
It was another finger before the Warriors allowed them to pass through this checkpoint, and the sun was rising high in the sky.
When he finished his camp work, he took a lit torch and his sharpened stick and crouched on a patch of snow behind the cook’s camp. There he saw practicing his letters. Reading and writing were important. If they were not, Maeghara would never have spent coin on them. He would not lose his reading and writing. They made him different. They made him special. So many of the women in the caravan did not know how to read. The girl Chaala had been mightily surprised when she had discovered he understood the papers and books she had strewn around her tent.
And when he let go he missed it instantly. He studied the amulet fixed to it. It was a face, wearing a horned headdress.
After leaving the Bazaar, Ashar led him to the Schooling District. He explained that Maeghara wished for Dee-Ann to have a tutor to teach him reading and writing and dancing. Dee-Ann sighed, explaining to the slave Ashar that there would be no need. Maeghara was his teacher. Ashar chutted and paraded him from schooling house to schooling house, speaking to many different tutors until he found one he deemed appropriate. At long last, they returned to the villa.
He wanted to say something to Dee-Ann but Tessa was already pushing him in front of her. Whatever she had taken from him she tossed pointedly into the nearest Godbowl. Castiel could see her bristling anger as she walked. He ignored her. He was focused on Dee-Ann.
Maeghara wouldn’t let Dee-Ann run anymore. She kept him on the camel with her. Dee-Ann lost count of the Highsuns that followed. One day blurred into the next. And the next. And the next. Even the countryside lost its charm. There were trees. He had seen trees. There were flowers. He had seen flowers. And villages. And crops. And orchards and horses and cattle. And wild hawks flying overhead.
The winding street wrapped around Et-Haravelle. At last they reached an open place divided into pens. Most were filled with goats. The air was ripe with pish and shit. There were huge black dogs chained at the front of each pen, as mean as the Woman had ever owned. But these dogs didn’t bark. They just climbed growling to their feet. The hair on their massive backs stood stiff like the collar of the deadly striped lizards that sometimes pulled in from the Anvil. A woman sat on a stool nearby. She stood as they approached and shouted at the growling dogs. The dogs dropped to their haunches, but didn’t hide their teeth.
“Castiel…” he said catching his shoulder. He spun him on the spot, catching the wrist of the hand Castiel made to slap him with. “Stop it!” Dee-Ann barked, pinning Castiel’s naked body to a nearby tree branch with his own.
The roads and walkways became steadily busier the closer he and the slave Ashar came to the Merchant’s District. Now there were open slave drawn carriages, with bells and amulets seating one or two people and rolling swiftly on polished wooden wheels. Dee-Ann stared. One day
“So? You like honey Dee-Ann?” Maeghara asked. He chewed swallowed and looked down at the other honey soaked corncakes. Cold now, but he didn’t care about that.
“Idiot fool! Can’t even kill a chicken!” the big woman shouted. “What use are you when I’m shorthanded already?!”
in the presence of the Reverend Mother. Answer all her questions honestly. And don’t try to keep things from her. She will know if you do and there will be consequences.” Said the Godspeaker.
Hello my lovelies! Just a small second update pending a much larger chapter to follow. This is my attempt to capture that insanely intense, chaotic and heartbreakingly wonderful and terrible mix of emotions you feel when you first fall in love. I realize I write them as quite mature, but Castiel and Dee-Ann are only 17 so they are I'm afraid awash in the storm of adolescent emotion. Anyhoo. Hope you enjoy.
“Sleep.” Said the slave Naga, holding the door wide so light from the passageway beyond spilled inside. “I will fetch you one finger after newsun. There is a pishpot under the bed if you need it.”
. He was clean for a start. What skin he could see was flushed from scrubbing. And bringing his hand up to feel his jaw, he felt nothing but smooth skin there. Even his hair – a little matted under his head from sleep – felt freshly washed against the pillow and spilling down his back. Working his hand under the bedclothes, he realized he was completely naked under the thick blanket except for the bandages. And giving his limp cock an exploratory squeeze, realized a little nervously that someone had definitely washed his everything. Even the hair covering his stones.
touch anything at the moment. As was customary, Castiel’s arms had also been covered in the heavy chalk paste all the way up to his elbows. Next his hands were covered in a thin layer of gold dust all the way to his wrist. It was meant to mimic a body being bathed in light. But to Castiel it was an endless annoyance. Until he could wash it off, he’d leave golden marks on everything he touched. Not to mention that it would be almost impossible for him to eat, or drink anything at all.
“Are there more?” Castiel whispered when he reached the waistband of Dee-Ann’s trousers. He nodded, but his eyes were blown out now; not with embarrassment but with desire. And Castiel bit his bottom lip as he could see the clear outline of Dee-Ann’s hard cock through the thin fabric of his trousers. Castiel undid the lacings a little awkwardly, before easing down Dee-Ann’s pants and – realizing he was about to see his heart’s fondest desire – studiously
“It might hurt….I’ve heard people say….” Dee-Ann said, though in that moment his words were sluggish as well. “I don’t want to hurt you.”
“I am but a simple Body Servant.” Tran said filling a bowl with water and pouring it over Castiel’s head.
.” Castiel said so quickly the words seemed almost to tumble over one another. “What could your jealous God possibly have said to you to…..?”
“That’ll be easy to explain to the Guards. I just decided to go for a late stroll in your riding cloak did I?” Tran asked. “You’re doing that wrong.” He added looking at the way Castiel tied the sash around his narrow hips; reaching to redo it himself. As Tran methodically wrapped and tied the fabric around his waist Castiel couldn’t help but notice they were in the exact position as the other morning in the bath when Tran had…..
be the one asking the questions if you please…..” Castiel said shaking his hair back over his shoulder. His skin felt over hot. And there were unpleasant rivulets of sweat leaking out from under his hair. In the increased light he began to notice other things about Dee-Ann. Beneath the grubby cloak which lay on the floor, he was dressed in women’s clothing. Castiel noted that the woman – though petite from the looks of it – was still slightly larger than Dee-Ann. Nothing he wore fit him properly. The threadbare tunic he wore sagged around the neckline, and his hips were slightly too narrow for the leather trousers he wore. He’d wrapped strips of leather around his legs to hold the trousers tight to his skin, revealing a pair of powerful, shapely legs that were slightly bowlegged. To Castiel’s dismay, his tunic had ridden up as he’d run away, revealing a palm sized strip of perfectly smooth, tantalizingly golden skin visible at his hip.
Beautifully dressed for Maeghara, Dee-Ann followed the Slave Naga upstairs. Maeghara was sitting in the same lavish room as before. Derubeis was there as well, sitting on a soft couch with the stupid monkey Hooli. The furry little creature with leaping around, spitting date stones on the carpet.  Unlike him, the evil little beast had the freedom to go anywhere in the Villa that it wanted.
“I mean…..don’t go promising away things you’d rather keep.” The man said and Dee-Ann flinched. So this was his ploy. He had been listening to Dee-Ann’s prayer. Aaiiiiieeeeee God! Sinful man. He sneered at him.
Each day at highsun, they stood by its Godpost and watched a Godspeaker ask the God if they time had come for the caravan to depart. The question was asked by sacrificing a golden cockerel, burning its entrails in the scorpion bowl and breathing deep of the sacred smoke.
“I have a great many books all around this room. And…why do you think I ordered you that tray? Besides my bed is nicer than yours I’d wager.” Castiel said with a smile.
He allowed himself exactly five breaths of self pity, before straightening up and sipping deeply of the wine.
When they made camp he sometimes listened to the music of the players and watched their small performances as they danced around the fire. He drank Sadsa with the woman Bara-Bhur who complained they were moving too slowly, and sometimes when she was drunk on wine or cactus juice, she would tell stories from the wars she had fought in. Dee-Ann listened with only one ear. In the Village war had been only ONE of the things that regularly killed women. Between the anvil and fangstrike and the occasional stoning by the Godspeaker, the Woman had never paid much attention to the wars of these “in-landers” as he had heard her call the people of Mijak. But it was easier to let the woman Bara-Bhur talk than to have to talk himself. He would listen to her gossip with the cook about their plans and where they would travel after the Queen’s nameday in Et-Novakar. No one in the caravan was safe from gossip. The musicians were always prattling about the dancers, who it seemed had time only for dancing, fucking and spreading stories about the musicians. Dee-Ann ignored them all. Though he had noticed more than a few glances and lingering stares in his direction from some of the dancing girls in the troupe; and he decided it would be best to keep to himself.
“Pray you do not.” He all but spat at her, whirling and making to stalk out of the room. But one thing nagged at him; enough to make him stop and turn. “The others? The other he-children you spoke of that you tested thusly? They tried and failed?”
"It was Hanochek." Castiel spat. "She snuck up behind me and threw me against the wall. I woke up when she was tying you to the chair."
- BLOOD - Quite a lot of it. I tried to not go too deep, but if anyone is offended, please accept my apologies.
He heard a slave knock softly on his door and he called for them to enter, pushing the drawer closed and meeting his own eyes in the mirror.
‘I not weak.’ The child told himself fiercely, as the Woman soaked the man in venom and spite; and the man wept believing him. ‘I never beg.’
2.	We all know who Dean’s parents are. But just in case anyone is unclear: The Woman is Mary and the Man is John. Yes there is massive canon divergence. Unavoidable. Sorry guys. I love Mary too.
“Of course she didn’t tell you. Two perfumed princes in her shop. It was the chance of a lifetime. She’d never have risked having you walk out.” Tran said ruefully.
Then it was Trader haggling, as the camels and slaves were sold. When it was over, and the Traders were gone to fetch for Maeghara the promised coin; Obid and the other slave began unloading the camels and packing all their goods into the empty cart. Derubeis supervised them for a small time, then returned to Maeghara.
And there it was. As he listened, he realized that Tran’s anger stemmed from what Castiel had unwittingly done to Lu-Cas. But more than that. He was angry for himself.
Castiel gasped as soon as the liquid hit his tongue. It felt as if someone had sucked all the air out of his lungs and he choked powerfully. For the next few moments, he panted like a dog trying to recover himself. Tran for his part seemed to be finding this spectacle quite entertaining. Castiel glared at him.
Dee-Ann nodded at the man. It was as much as he could muster. “I’ll stay with him.” He said indicating Castiel. El-Don nodded, gathering a brightly colored shawl about his shoulders and walking out into the sunlight. Dee-Ann sank into the chair by Castiel’s bedside. He pulled back the covers far enough to take hold of one small, limp hand. And without thinking, let his head drop until his forehead was resting gently on Castiel’s bandaged knuckles. It was strange to think how only a few weeks ago it had been
“The God sees you. Take the crystal.” She said again. Whimpering, the woman slave took the crystal.  For the second time the crystal did not wake. “The God sees you, but not your heart.” The Godspeaker said and moved on.
“It’s not as if he’s vanished to parts unknown! He’s right here! You can give him back his hideous little trinket and….” Gabriel was quick to answer.
The Godspeaker breathed the last of the sacred smoke and stood. In his left hand dangled the gutted golden cockerel, in his right the bloodied knife.
“Gabriel….” Castiel said rushing out of his seat, only making it halfway to the door before Gabriel came bursting in.
Gabriel regales Castiel with tales to help him recover from his Visit with the Truthsayer, while Tran helps Castiel hatch a cunning plan to learn a few more of his conspirators secrets.
“Mom, my friends aren’t corrupting me. I’m capable of being a screw-up without their help!” Cas explains, arms spread. “This has nothing to do with what I wear or who I hang out with!” He’s finally beginning to feel the familiar frustration and anger these talks always unearth.
He can’t save any relationship with Hannah now. Initially he planned to break up as friends, if possible, but it's pretty safe to say that it’s out of the equation now. No doubt Hester and the rest of their mutual friends all resent him for this as well. But he has to apologize, he has to.
Some of the character sketches have been inked since the last time Cas saw them, and he once again marvels at Dean’s ability to work with both pencil and inks. He’s not a half bad storyteller either, and for a while he was set on following in Miller’s footsteps-- creating his comics alone from script to ink-- but apparently it proved to be a lot more work than anticipated.
Dean smiles a sad, lopsided smile and places his hand carefully on Cas’ back. “I know,” he says gently. “You had too much to drink and I know you’ve had a hard time lately. I’m not mad at you. But I appreciate the apology.”
James Novak is a devout man. He works at a large IT company where he engineers whatever the hell it is that he engineers. Dad has tried to explain his job to Cas multiple times, but he’s never able to comprehend how strings of code turn into stuff that make messages fly between devices, or why that requires James to travel constantly. Consequently, he’s rarely home for more than a few days at a time.
Castiel takes a long shower, brushes his teeth, downs at least five glasses of water and swallows another Aspirin. Soon he’s dressed up and hydrated, feeling a lot more human, and running out of ways to pointlessly stall the inevitable.
The image crashes through Castiel’s consciousness led by a tidal wave of arousal, and he digs his fingers deeper into Meg’s pelvis, and lifts her legs up to rest on his shoulder. As he speeds up, her hand slips between her thighs and starts a frantic rubbing movement, and the air fills with steady moans and wet slapping sounds in rhythm with his thrusts. Their eyes lock, and Cas feels as Meg begins to tighten around him.
Dean’s wide smile lights up his moss green eyes and god, if Cas doesn’t sometimes wonder what it would be like to spend his time just writing and making those eyes shine.
Castiel’s witty retort dies in his mouth and thank god for Ash, who chooses that moment to bring over their drinks. He sets down two huge mugs of coffee, but rather than giving off an aroma of dark roast beans, they smell distinctly of bourbon.
It’s 11PM. Cas stares at his phone, which he reluctantly turned on to prevent his parents from calling the cops on him. He answered a call from his mother, but kept it short and to the point. Yes, he is okay. No, he isn’t saying where. Whatever, there’s always consequences. Of course, he’s a total failure. Good night, mom.
Promotion. The word echoed in Dean’s head like a distant voice echoing through a cave. Being Bobby’s somewhat adoptive son meant having to be twice as smart, twice as clever, and twice as hardworking to show he had
Okay, that was cheesy and a tad dramatic—sue him. But it's not every day you drive hundreds of miles to pour your heart out on your best friend’s doorstep. Fuck, just the thought of seeing his best friend again had his heart doing somersaults in his chest.
“Breach, breach,” Dean yelled into his earpiece. While some of Abaddon’s men were able to be bought, they had to take out the ones that could not be. Dean wasn’t taking any chances on any lingering goons again. He didn’t bother waiting for the sound of the footfalls of the other men to rush forward to his partner.
“Missouri, I—I,” shit, he didn’t know what he needed but he knew he needed to be anywhere except here to think, “I need to come up for air,” Dean finished.
Thankfully, Aaron is a saint and understands Dean's feelings. They agree to be friends because they both rather enjoyed each other’s company and Dean chalks another tally on the friend board because he added Cas as well.
Cas shrugs, meandering his way to the pile of tools. He picks up a rag and begins to wipe his hands, "Thought we felt the same about gators."
If Dean thought his soul left his body earlier than he was surely dead now. Just the image of Cas’s lithe runner’s body dripping with water was enough to send any man into an early grave. Maybe he was in heaven or perhaps his own personalized hell. Something between a choke, a sob, and a whimper caught in Dean’s throat. It was one thing to avoid eye contact with his partner’s semi-hard, very pronounced penis and another to put himself in direct, wet proximity of it. Another tug pulled him from his inner turmoil.
Everyone files out onto the railing above the Foreman station as a voice booms throughout the factory.
Stepping into the hallway the moment the doors opened, Dean only had to knock twice before Cas flung the door open and shoved a mug of coffee in Dean’s hands. The loft reflected its owner: open floor plan, modern sleek styling, overall stiff yet somehow inviting. Dean followed Cas into the living room noticing his hunch was indeed correct; files were spread all over the classy glass coffee table and from the state of Cas’ tousled locks the guy had been scratching his head over the same questions Dean had.
Henry's eyes about to pop out of his head, that vein in his forehead pulsing. Now he's got their attention, "Why? Because he had the maximum car output? No. Because
And before Sam has time to open his mouth, Crowley jumps in, clearly smelling the blood in the water. Man has backstabbed, stepped-on, and crushed anyone who stood in his way to get to the top and now is one of Henry's "trusted" advisors. Slimey, no-good, scum of the earth doesn't even begin to describe how bloody awful Crowley is.
Dean stopped his turning to gape at his partner’s deadpanned tone, ‘for real?’ written all over his face.
Cas holds out his hand invitation, a blinding smile gracing his face. Dean latches on lacing their fingers together.
“He’s employing members of the Russian Bratva as his muscle and has at least two to three posted outside the club—” Sam followed on Castiel’s heels.
Sam tried to sputter a response but resigned himself to nodding. Dean waited to let Sam collect himself. “Sam, what have you gotten yourself into?” Dean softened, letting his anger bleed out.
Sighing, Dean throws an arm around Kevin leading him way, "Kevin come on. There's no disagreement that can't be settled peacefully. Cas is harmless, you know he gets his feathers ruffled right before the flag. We both know you can bend the rules a little."
When he brought the items into the Captain’s office, Bobby immediately went to the tech room to watch the cameras. And there Cas was about an hour after Dean had left, leaving the building frowning at his phone when a blacked-out van pulled up and a hood was thrown over his head and shoved into the van before it peeled out. A snatch and grab done within thirty seconds, only professionals would be so brazen to kidnap an officer. The only way Cas didn’t put up a fight was if he was overpowered, more than likely drugged by the way he went limp before being hauled in the van.
It’s jarring how casually that has changed between them, Cas ponders as he feels the rise and fall of Dean’s chest. But it fits their m-o. When at some point one of them broke the casual norm and started placing a hand on the other’s arm, greeted the other with a hug, began flirting or disregarded the concept of personal space, they always fell into step immediately.
He barely notices Meg reenter the room. She stands next to the bed, hands on her hips, and regards him with a frown. “You know, I can tell when there’s no post-coital bliss to be had,” she says matter-of-factly.
“Tell me something honestly, Castiel. Why did you invite me over?” Meg asks, one suggestive eyebrow raised. Cas knows there’s no need for pretense here.
For someone who hasn’t taken those falls, separating from normalcy can be purely terrifying. Somewhere below is the new normal and all there is to do is to let go. But no matter how much good may be ahead-- if we don't know how to look for it-- we can get lost, end up suspended mid fall, floating in a void and hoping to be tethered back to something solid.
“Calm down, I’ll show you. No need to get handsy,” Dean laughs and wriggles his eyebrows lewdly. “Unless you think you can handle me.”
Castiel’s heart jumps up into his throat and his breath hitches. Dean’s hand on his naked body feels like searing hot iron, and it’s burning rapidly through layers of mutually built boundaries. They’ve arrived on completely uncharted territory, and Cas is now far away from anything he knows how to navigate. Despite all their playful flirting and touching, he hadn’t expected to land here anytime soon, if ever.
Cas frowns as he digs through his brain. He does remember some of it. Meg, Michael and “those folks” are a bunch of Seniors from the neighbouring Abbey Hill high school, with a few college students and dropouts thrown into the mix. They have a bit of a reputation, but among teens like Cas and the rest of Duke John’s aspiring underground artists and so called goth youth, they are kind of regarded as the cool gang. Some have online fame, some their own bands and a few even have connections to actual minor celebrities in the punk and goth scene.
“You wanna hear about this story I’ve been working on?” he teases Dean, both to steer the conversation back to safe waters, but also because this is something he’s been looking forward to all weekend.
But even as Castiel’s brain functions seem to short circuit, his instincts tell him to surrender the fight right away, and give up trying to figure this thing out. Isn’t it enough that he feels safe and warm being held by Dean like this? What good would it do to bolt? By staying cool and just rolling with it, he’ll probably end up dealing with far less awkwardness.
How could he forget? A year ago he still stood the chance to enter any college he wanted. By the time he submitted his applications in January, he didn’t expect to hear back from most of them. And while he could still be accepted into some, the effort to graduate still stands in front of him and actual enrollment. So there’s that, and the fact Cas doubts he can survive college classes even if he makes it that far.
“I know. I know that, Dean." Cas lets out a frustrated breath. "But I can’t get stuff done. I feel like I can’t breathe half the time, and everyone just keeps pressuring me. Concentrate on this, do that. Be like this, don’t be like that,” he continues, voice thinning from the anxiety that is beginning to grip his chest again. He runs hands through his already messed up hair. “I just need room to breathe!”
“Idjit,” huffs Cas and rolls his eyes. “You hunt monsters. See? Here’s a couple of loglines for the story.” He turns the page and points to a list of short descriptions. Dean mm-hmm’s and turns his focus entirely on the pages, and proceeds to read through them in concentration.
Confronting his mom after a night of getting royally drunk, forcing his worried newly ex-girlfriend into contacting her, and being caught in a compromising situation with his male best friend that same morning, is a clusterfuck and a nightmare scenario he couldn’t have dreamt up if he tried.
On some level nothing has changed, but Cas can’t fool himself. Just like he can’t ignore how their naked rutting this morning was the best he’s ever felt having sex. How it was infinitely more satisfying than being with Hannah had been on any occasion, even if admitting it makes him nervous.
He looks at Castiel with pleading eyes that are downright painful to meet, and so Cas averts his eyes again, instead studying his thumbs as they caress his glass. “You were doing a really good job of keeping me sane until just now,” he mutters.
That doesn’t fill Cas with a lot of confidence, and he groans in shame. Dean pats his shoulder. The empathetic gesture makes it both better and worse all at once.
“Shit, of my God, I’m-” and he comes, burying deep within her, hips twitching as he rides the wave of his orgasm. Meg buries her nails into his skin and grinds herself up against him, until both fall back on the bed, drained, muscles turning liquid.
What Dean said was true; it isn’t the end of the world if it doesn't work out with Hannah. But Cas is scared to let go for any reason that isn’t absolutely solid, or he’ll have to blame it on something vague and be subjected to questions he doesn’t know how to answer, or is scared to answer honestly.
Cas can’t help the surprised gasp that escapes him, but soon relaxes into the embrace and allows his forehead to fall on Dean’s shoulder. He wraps his arms around Dean’s waist, feeling the lean muscle of his chest rising and falling against his own, steady and warm. It’s comforting, and exactly what he’s been missing the entire day. Cas moves impossibly closer, and Dean' cheek presses into his tousled hair.
“I don’t remember nearly enough,” Cas laughs dryly and empties his glass. Meg follows his lead, takes both their glasses and sets them aside. She leans into Cas’ space and ghosts lips above his ear, whispering, “Well, that’s something I know how to fix.”
"I'll have a look at those. But I was actually thinking I could run the plot I have by you, and you could kinda consult me," he says and shrugs, "and help me figure out how to work around a couple of kinks I have with the Biblical stuff."
“Alright,” Hannah nods, relaxing a little, but then seems to recall something. “Might have to wait until tomorrow though. We’ve got that party tonight, remember?”
Kevin snorts loudly. Cas kicks his bean bag again for good measure as he stands up, and moves over to Hannah to place a kiss on her cheek.
“Yeah, absolutely. I never thought I’d need to, so I haven’t. But it’s not a problem to do it later,” Cas ponders and nods haltingly, prolonging the stare they’re sharing, then continues abruptly. “Oh, hey! I’ve got a shit ton of stuff I’ve written about the world. I based it on existing mythologies and urban legends. And I might have raided your Uncle Bobby’s library for some source material.”
“I didn’t make out with Dean, mom. That’s an exaggeration, we just danced. I’ve never kissed him in my life,” Cas says truthfully, but the tips of his ears burn at the evasion.
“Fine, consult with the Sasquach,” Dean concedes grumpily and sinks deeper into the couch, glaring at Cas over their bent knees from the opposite end. Cas flicks Dean a suggestive smile, which he worries is maybe pushing it a little. But soon after Picard’s crew continues it’s adventures on the screen, Cas feels a soft pressure against his calf. Dean is stroking it absently with his foot, and with a small smile tugging at the corner of his lips, does so until they disentangle and retreat to his room.
his words. It was uncanny how accurately Dean was able to portray his story, seeming to know exactly how he felt it should flow. It wasn’t just that he’d followed the descriptions Cas gave. It was that he also read everything Cas didn’t put down into words. He just
The hippie types in their dreadlocks and tie dyed everything blend seamlessly with the artsy types, the pretentious kids in berets and tattered tweed, and the ones in ripped jeans, patched shoulder bags and velvet blazers. Castiel falls into the latter category these days, as do most of his friends.
Apparently Dean sees something break and he scoots over, inviting Cas into his arms. Cas goes willingly, rests his temple against Dean’s chest and drapes his arms around his waist, and allows himself to be held through the slow onset of shaking. However long it takes for Cas’ breathing to even out and the trembling to stop, Dean holds him patiently through it all. Eventually the weakness he feels can’t be explained away by shock and anxiety, and they are driven out of bed by hunger and thirst.
Cas reaches out, plucks the book from it’s shelf and cracks it open. It still smells like his old backpack, the one he accidentally doused in Red Bull. Twice. He uses the light from his phone to leaf through the pages, careful not to wake Dean.
” Cas raises his voice in agitation. “You keep making this about my friends and lifestyle, when they have nothing to do with it! I was miserable in my relationship and fucked up.
Several moments fly by-- it’s impossible to say if it’s been minutes or hours-- when Cas feels gentle fingertips trailing circles against his skin. As he melts into it, his own palm traces up Dean’s arm and down his pecs, landing at the small of his waist. Dean cants his hips slightly to accommodate the touch and an unmistakable hardon presses against Castiel’s hip, drawing out an appreciative humm.
Dean pauses and shifts uncomfortably before continuing.  “She asked you to come out and talk to her, but you refused. I helped her drag you outside to the backyard. You were so pissed at us both at that point,” he says and gives a small, humourless laugh. “You yelled at us until, believe it or not, you got Hannah pretty pissed off at you as well. People started gathering around you. That’s when Hannah told you that you could either leave with her and talk it through, or choose me and end things then and there.”
“Fuck yes,” Meg agrees as she sheds her boots and jacket, and throws herself on the bed. She leans back on her elbows. Cas ignores how she mirrors Dean’s posture, as he pours them shots in fresh glasses. He deliberately moved the previous ones behind the random stuff cluttering the cupboard. They toast as Cas joins Meg on the bed, and each down half of the smoky liquid at once.
There is such deep sadness in his eyes, it forces Cas to drop his gaze. “I thought I was safe with you from all this,” he mutters, unaware that he’s speaking aloud.
“What? No, Dean, they won’t get off my case, ever. And if I let them do this to me, they’ll end up thinking they did the right thing here,” Cas disputes defensively.
Ignoring the TV altogether Sam turns to him. "Where's the story gonna go? Are you introducing more lore?"
“Nah, I’m a lost cause and she knows it,” Cas answers happily, but his smile falters as he feels the carelessness of the previous moments slip away. He catches Dean frowning before he’s able to school those overly expressive eyes.
Inadvertently his fight for self expression has turned into a constant defiance of authority, and persistent anxiousness over not being enough. And now his grades have started to drop, his report cards becoming the evidence that he, in fact, can't get it together and isn't enough. Thanks to all this, the prospect of college has become increasingly alien. It’s just another thing that everyone expects of him, while Castiel himself is less and less convinced he should attempt it-- or that he could even do it if he tried.
Cas has known her from when they were kids, since their families were a tight bunch. It was the Novaks, Johnsons and Miltons. Hannah Johnson and Hester Milton are best friends, Cas is both their friend, and back in the day their troupe was frequently completed by Hannah’s little brother Inias and Hester’s little sister Anna.
“I- I’m sorry, Kevin,” he stammers and looks down. There’s an opponent’s form somewhere amidst the papers he rifles through, and he can practically hear Kevin roll his eyes. Form found and pen at the ready, he straightens up once again and tries his best to seem present. “Please, continue,” he says, smiling apologetically.
They turn to him sluggishly, dazed. His mother attempts speech a few times, then his father answers.
“What the hell happened tonight?” Dean asks, following Cas. He leans on one arm and sips on his drink.
But Cas is already buzzed and weirdly detached from the anxieties that have haunted him since last night. He doesn’t feel anything as Hannah drapes her arm around his waist, and he feels everything as he observes Dean’s playful exchanges with the others.
Cas comes hard, digging his fingers into Dean’s skin, shamelessly moaning and panting against his shoulder. In close pursuit, Dean’s hips thrust sharply against Cas and he releases with a long cry, somewhere between a moan and sob, covering them both in even more hot cum. A wet, viscous mess is spreading between them, but neither pays it any mind. They remain enfolded together as they come down from the high, shaking with pleasure and exertion.
Hannah’s eyebrows shoot up in surprise and she studies them both sternly, before settling narrowed eyes on Cas. “Really? I thought you were neck deep in late assignments.”
It’ll feel easier to grab a rope and climb back onto that cliff, the safe bedrock. What’s vastly more intimidating, is allowing someone to pull you down until your feet touch solid ground, and you can learn to walk again.
On another author's note- I've read through the first chapters AGAIN, and my god I'm gonna have to do a thorough update on all chapters before I complete this. I'll probably do it over the very last chapters, because I can already see how quickly my style develops. :PP I would hate this to be completed and the quality to be all over the place.
