He decided to wrap the clothes separately instead of all together. But all three of them are wrapped in the same Christmas wrapping paper that has little dogs in red boxes.
Vanessa pushes herself up and rolls off the bed, she digs around underneath the bed to find luggage, she pulls out a large black suitcase that will last her the trip and she throws it on the bed. She packs everything she needs, bounties typically take a month at max for her so she packs accordingly.
"So, while he was yelling at me about how I didn't finish the job sooner, someone else completed the bounty, so I didn't get paid and got yelled at," Vanessa growls as she cracks the eggs into the pan. "Do you want eggs?"
"Well I hoped you two had a great one," the man says cheerfully as he hands them their things in a little baggy. "That'll be ten eighty please."
Well, that was the longest chapter I've written so far, it's a little over nine thousand words. But as always I hope y'all enjoyed it, and feel free to leave a kudos and comment if you want, I'll try to reply!
"Okay off please" Dean lifts his hands from Pluto's head. Pluto lifts his head up to look at him and pout, he slides off the couch and walks towards Bobby for more attention.
He drifts off into a fitful sleep, images of the dead girls cycle through his head, the next one bloodier than the last. He replays his last words to them, "I'm Dean, and me and my brother will get you girls out of here, don't worry," until he sees himself getting hit in the head and tied up like the girls.
They work for several minutes in silence, Vanessa knows that this has killed the mood, she sighs, feeling returns to her legs as Vanessa starts wriggling violently.
The warm feeling of feathers doesn't vanish as they walk, rather, the sensation gets stronger as they continue on their path. They take a few minutes to look at the other animals (thankfully no more birds), the big cats are out lounging in the sun as they pass through.
"What do you mean except for him?" Dean glares at her, not sure if he's supposed to be mad at the comment.
Castiel is a moaning mess as Vanessa doesn't stop stroking his softening cock. Once the last white rope shoots out, Vanessa removes her hand to pull his boxer back over him.
Vanessa sits on one of the couches, waiting for Dean to finish eating. She ignores the protest from her stomach and tells herself that she'll just eat whatever they catch; which helps a little.
"Delicious that's what it is," Dean grumbles. "Trust me, you'll love it," Dean gives Tim a reassuring smile. Tim nods and looks boredly around the diner.
"Yeah, so I wanna ask you if you'd wanna go out sometime?" Dean's gaze breaks from Vanessa, sliding to something in the darkness.
Castiel rubs his face with his palms and looks at her, his pupils are a lot larger than they are supposed to be, and Vanessa notices that he buttoned his entire trench coat.
"It was, and I yelled at them for it and the date was over," Vanessa mumbles, graciously taking the fishing pole from Dean. "We don't have any bait," she glances over at Dean who only now realizes that.
"You can take Cas, I'm sure he'll enjoy it," Sam grumbles and motions to the angel that has been silently reading this whole time.
"Magnets," he corrects. "And yes, I found two, couldn't decide on which to buy, so I said fuck it and grabbed both."
"Really? I thought God made all the creatures," Dean retorts, his eyes glued on the wolves and not on the angel that is practically touching him.
"Really? Which animals did you make?" Dean's gaze gets torn away from the wolves to Castiel. The angel has a small smile on his face and his eyes are still gazing at the animals.
"No, y-you can continue if you want," Castiel mumbles, Vanessa continues to slowly unbutton them until Castiel gets inpatient and uses his grace to do it.
"I don't wanna hear any suggestions except if it's another round of beer," Bobby says before Vanessa can say anything exciting.
Her legs are red from shifting while her chest looks just as red with a clear outline of where the scales start, her larger fins that would be on her legs and arms have disappeared and all that is left are her gills, her ugly yellow eyes, and her fin-like ears.
Dean continues to kiss her where ever he can reach and leaves a big kiss on her gills, making her gasp and her tail fins flutter in delight. He continues his assault on her gills, making her squirm deeper into the wet sand.
Anyway, I hope you guys enjoy and this'll get smutty at the end just a warning. Also, Vanessa has another nightmare, just another warning for anyone who needs it.
"No, I want to do this, and I don't mind waiting," Dean leans into Vanessa's neck, kissing everywhere but her gills, making her slap the end of her tail in frustration before he meets her lips.
"There, all done" she wipes her hands on her shirt, quickly looking away from Cas, who thankfully hasn't noticed her blush. She sits on the floor next to Sam's legs.
Vanessa turns into the suburbs, looking for the house. Each house has the same brickwork but they're all different colors, but each house has the same bushes and no little gardens in front except for one.
"Abuela," Sarah chokes on her tears. "I-I couldn't, they would ha-ave found ou-ut my n-new strength, I gu-uess it doe-esn't matter n-now."
"I thought I put up good enough spells, guess I have gotta ward them against angels too," Vanessa mutters. She decides to set up the incubator as she waits for Dean, her garage turned office is where she keeps it.
am. Vanessa groans, if thieves are trying to break into her house, she'll just deal with it in the morning. And all of the valuable stuff is downstairs anyways, except for her jewelry. Vanessa's eyelids start drooping again, but they snap back open at the sound of someone angrily limp up the stairs.
"I'm sorry, Cas, but if I just hadn't have made outed us I would have gotten her, I'm so fucking stupid and–" he cuts her off.
The front door creaks open, an old woman a few inches shorter than Vanessa eyes them down. Her black hair has a few silver streaks and is pulled onto a tight bun.
"I'm glad you enjoyed that," Vanessa untangles her hand from Castiel's silky feathers. "But can you remove your feathers from my pants?"
"No. More." Dean asserts, ripping the bottle out of her hand, instead, he replaces it with the potion she made yesterday, he next to him on the kitchen table. Vanessa glares at him while she tries and fails to take the cork out. When she finally does, she tosses it on the floor and snaps her fingers, the bottle flies out of his hand and into hers.
Dean makes sure they didn't leave anything behind before heading outside, a mid-spring breeze blows past Dean as he walks through the front door. He makes sure to stretch out his back and legs, they still have quite a ways to go before they make it to the bunker, maybe Dean can take a nap before they look into Tim's case.
"I think you'll like it, it's about these color divided space marines that are kinda dumb and on opposite sides of a box canyon," Vanessa explains. "It's more of a comedy rather than action type of thing, just put it on you'll like it."
Those eight words scare her almost as much as the creature in her nightmare. Vanessa hasn't had the best dating record, but neither has Sam or Dean. She's heard the stories of what happened to the women that they slept with, but what came after those women doesn't scare her, Vanessa knows she can handle herself, but it's what comes after her that frightens her.
"I'm half-witch and half-siren" Vanessa explains as she closes her eyes for a second and they instantly turn back into her gorgeous chocolate-colored eyes. "I bet I can eat my burger faster than you can," She says with a smile, trying to ease the tension.
Dean groans as his hardening member presses against Vanessa's hips. They finally pull away to catch their breaths and for Vanessa to pull off her shirt and Dean leads her to the bed. Dean easily pushes Vanessa onto her back, admiring her gorgeous body. A black lacy bra is currently stopping Dean from a full view, he climbs on top of her to take her bra off.
Vanessa has always imagined angels as huge cosmic beings, which this book proves that she was right. This book says as tall as a skyscraper, but this was made a long time ago so it's not as accurate.
Castiel sits Dean in a chair around the war room table, telling him firmly not to move. Dean sighs and crosses his arms across his chest, watching the angel bound towards the kitchen, Dean repress the urge to smile at the fact that Castiel took one of his band tees.
A small groan escapes Dean as he scans over the isles, his eyes locking onto Tim's messy hair barely poking over a magazine rack. Chuckling to himself, Dean strides over to Tim, finding him with a small magazine in his hands and open on a page with flowers. "Find any snacks you'd like?" Dean asks, watching Tim flinch and nearly drop the magazine. "Didn't mean to scare you bud."
"I-it was" the other vampire that has short curly blond hair and bitter brown eyes, hiccups, "Dav-vid, he tur-rned us all" he chokes as tears roll down his cheeks.
"It's the picture Sam took of us and Bobby when we went out to celebrate after our first hunt together in a frame," Vanessa rubs the glass with her thumb. She levitates it over to Dean.
Dean glances at the families around them, admiring the big cat in front of them. "I wouldn't do it here, plus a bit of walk never hurt anyone."
"There's a bar near my house that serves the best burgers and beer in this entire city, so I say we go back to my and change because I have blood on my leggings and Sam you are drenched," Vanessa says as she buckles her seat belt and fiddle with her knife.
"Yeah, I'll take one too," Sam replies. The sound of a fridge door opening makes Dean thirsty, while their case is in the same city, their motel is at least thirty minutes away, and Dean deserves it for having to deal with asshole drivers that need to go and learn how to properly drive. Sam and Dean decide to take the longest couch while Bobby takes the other.
"Got it, start the car and I'll make sure we didn't forget anything," Dean hands Sam the keys as he walks over to where Tim is perched on the log.
"God fucking dammit, hold on," she turns the radio down and picks up the phone to look at who's calling, she sighs and answers it, "Hello, Vanessa speaking, how can I be of service Mr. Tervino?"
The first thing that they had done to Tim upon arrival at their camp was testing him with holy water and silver, which didn't work.
"Fine, I'll have a pie, I don't like pumpkin pie and I am allergic to cherries," Vanessa scrunches her nose as she says cherries.
"Well, then, I was going to ask now but I'm not sure if it's appropriate anymore," Dean rubs the back of his neck, a small blush creeps onto the cheeks.
"Were," Vanessa corrects. "Were, were, were," she repeats and bites harder on her cheek until she tastes the metallicness of blood on her tongue.
"Yes, all supernatural creatures have a distinctive smell. Right now you guys reek of vampire blood, which smells like you guys burnt trash and rolled in what was left, and add your own blood on top of it." Vanessa explains trying to not take in very big breaths.
"How old were you when this came out, cause I was only four," Dean says, then pauses, "how old are you now?"
"Well I would hate to rush your snake watching, but it is noon so we can check out the aquarium after this then probably leave, and then bring Sammy some lunch." Dean pats Castiel on his shoulder. "What do you say?"
He watches the monsters walk Sam into the room, they kick his knee at a painful angle and leave him on the ground, and Dean watches them tear into the girls, their screams bouncing off the walls.
Dean leads the way, too afraid to talk to the strange man. Instead, he focuses on not falling back down the crater. His legs burn as they finally reach the top, where Sam is freaking out on the phone. Sam pauses as he watches his brother help the man out of the hole.
"The rest is probably ours," Dean scratches his head. He lifts a bag with blue tissue paper on it onto the coffee table.
Dean pulls Baby into the driveway instead of under the small birch tree, next to Vanessa's purple 1967 Pontiac GTO, it's as gorgeous as he remembers.
"Yes, how did...never mind...he's injured too" Sam groans. Vanessa watches as Castiel clutches his side and limps toward the chair next to the couch.
Taking another sip of his beer, his eyes linger on Tim before sliding over to the TV, smiling to himself as he remembers that Tim's sitting in Sam's seat.
With a silent comedic pop, they turn back to her regular ears and Vanessa doesn't waste a second putting the earrings in.
She wiggles up towards him, his chest still heaving up and down. She snuggles right on his shoulder and into the crook of his neck. "That. Was. Amazing, " Dean says between breaths.
"What was it?" Dean whispers as some kid runs past them, nearly bumping into them before they move on.
"God fucking dammit, " Vanessa yells once she is free she then curses at herself for saying that, Vanessa grabs Castiel's coat and pulls him out the door.
"I think five altogether. Pass me that beer," Vanessa motions to the beer next to Dean, he grabs the bottle and opens it for her before handing it over.
"Yeah her, would you be a dear?" Dave/Vanessa cups her face, she nods they head for the door. As soon as it's closed the sound of a head falling on the ground makes Dave/Vanessa grin.
"You, don't move" Vanessa turns back around to face Sam, she pushes on his shoulders and he falls on his back with a hiss. "I'm surprised Castiel hasn't healed you," Vanessa mutters as she looks at his wound, it was a deep gash going from his ribs to his navel.
"Shut up," Dean grumbles. He groans and rubs his entire face, he checks his phone, it's only a quarter past seven, but it's still early into the year that it's pretty dark outside and the full moon has risen.
Dean worms his fingers through Castiel's hair, moaning as he opens his mouth, he lets the angel have free roam over him. Dean rakes his blunt nails over Castiel's scalp, making him let out a filthy groan. He feels all his blood rushing south as he replays that heavenly sound over and over again.
Vanessa tilts her head towards the ceiling and waits. "Speak of the devil," she says before turning the radio back up.
The last time they spoke was months ago when he had called her about Bobby Singer's death, that one hit her hard. She remembers when she met the grumpy old hunter, he was a wonderful friend. She remembers when she came for the funeral, she was hoping for two things, to one say goodbye to her friend, and two to try and talk to Dean and Sam. But they didn't really talk to her, which she understood why.
Dean continues to rub her down as she finally wiggles free. "See, wasn't so bad," Dean sighs and helps Vanessa to her feet.
"I'll stay with you," Cas says as he watches Vanessa leave the room, she quickly walks down the stairs in silence and into the living room and takes a seat next to Sam.
"Woah, did Tim have a bad accident?" Dean shoves his phone into the back pocket and crosses his arms over his chest.
The three look at each other and nod, they walk into the light, and Sam and Dean shoot two of the five witches in the head while Vanessa throws a knife in another one.
Dean sings Paradise City by Guns 'n Roses as he speeds down an almost empty highway. Sam, his brother, smiles at him and taps his foot to the song.
"Only one," she wags her finger in the air. Dean grabs her hips and crushes his lips onto hers. Vanessa sighs and wraps her arms around his neck, their lips fitting perfectly together. Dean digs his fingers into her hips, pulling her impossibly closer to his warm body.
"That is very good," Tim says with a smile, he looks down at his plate, trying to remember what Dean did. He grabs the burger with both hands and takes a big bite out of it, his eyes go wide as he chews, Tim hums softly as he swallows down the bite.
"I was until you got up," Vanessa mutters, pulling herself up to face Dean. Her lips inches away from his.
"Cause I didn't wanna assume so I just threw my bag in a room and if you don't want to share your room-er-bed together that's fine." Dean slowly starts to turn to the door to leave.
Panic courses through Dean's veins, part of him wants to go looking for where the person (if it is one at all) landed, and the other part of him wants to wait till morning.
"Well yes, my siblings were the ones that help me groom them, but they never felt like that!" Castiel says, burying his head in his hands.
"It'll be nice for me to read, I don't know anything about y'all, " Vanessa says, grabbing another book. Cas looks at Vanessa then back at Dean, almost as if he can sense what they did earlier, he glares at Dean and his wings spread out a bit.
Dean clears his throat and walks to the driver's side pretending as if he isn't freaking out on the inside, he slides into the car and shoves the keys into the ignition aggressively. He drives out of the motel parking lot and starts following any sign that has the word zoo on it.
"What's your favorite color?" Dean glances over at Vanessa after casting his line out into the lake.
"Once again, your welcome," Dean says before taking another bite, this time digging into the salmon instead of saving it for last. "So, found anything yet?" Dean's gaze turns to Sam.
Vanessa turns off her phone and looks around for something to do, she should probably tell Cas and Dean about the full moon situation, but upstairs is way too far. She sighs, she'll just tell them when food gets here, for now, Vanessa deserves a nap.
"Wow," Dean looks over the picture. It perfectly captures the feeling of the moment, Vanessa with a beer in her hand laughing her ass off, Bobby grinning at something he had just said, and then Dean trying to take a swig of his drink and not laugh. The dim light in the photo highlights Vanessa's braided bright pink/purple hair and all of her beautiful features.
"No. Thank you for turning it into a first date," Dean says before he turns the engine on and heads for the highway. "Also, when we get back to the motel, Imma kill Sam nice and slow."
"I don't think it's weird, I think it's completely natural," Daniel confesses, making Vanessa sit straight up.
He shuffles over to the bed, with each step he becomes more and more tired. He pulls back the thick blankets and snuggles down into the ocean smelling bed. Unlike the guest bedroom, Vanessa's bed isn't overpowering, which means the potion is probably done, and Dean will most likely be back to normal in the morning.
"Then I'll just grab one thing, oh and I'll change out of my pajamas." She says as she walks towards her kitchen, she pauses in the archway and turns to Sam and Dean, "I'll ride with you two."
Sam pours the contents of the bowl into a coffee mug that has a llama on it and says, "it looked like he hasn't, but we'd have to ask him."
"You sure this is the house," Vanessa asks as Dean pulls up to a vacant house. The house is a small farmhouse outside the city. Its white paint is peeling from all the downpour the city gets and there's a small beat-up blue car parked outside.
"Yeah," Dean chuckles as he rubs the back of his neck. "I love you, Cas, I've been in love with you almost ever since we met."
"So you're a witch?" Dean asks as the anger in him quickly dies out and appreciation grows inside him instead.
"Let me take those," Sam attempts to take the bags from Dean, but Dean takes a step back. "I've got this," Dean growls and tries to move past Sam.
He knows he should be up there with Sam researching, but doing that for hours on end makes his head hurt, unlike yelling random facts out at his glorious mounted TV.
She looks back at the bed, the blankets are kicked to the side that Castiel is on, the hotel pillow looks damp in most spots, probably from tears, or sweat, or both. There are a few feathers on the mattress, Vanessa assumes that Castiel will want to dispose of those in private, which she understands from having scales, she has had friends ask her for them and one has even tried to steal some.
Vanessa sucks in a breath and some of her tea. A ghost? No...no...no...Vanessa promised herself no ghosts, no looking at them, no being near them, and certainly no talking about them. "No," Vanessa says through coughs.
The frame is pretty too, it's a dark wood that Dean doesn't recognize with swirls of metallic dark blue paint on it. Dean hands it back and grabs the gifts from him.
Dean grabs her hand before she can fully stand up. "A kiss first?" He says as he stands up letting her do so too.
"Couldn't tell you, most of them were fossiled shells, I bet I could even find some right now," Vanessa shifts off of her back to look down into the murky depths.
"I'll be in the back," Cas says from behind her. Vanessa heads for the passenger side door and climbs into the warm car.
"Cas?" Dean says, he has decided to finally call Castiel back after ten minutes of driving. He found a good burger place and picked up lunch,  and is sitting in his car praying that Castiel can hear him.
"Anyway, so I'm making a pie? Got it," Dean says, making a mental note of the ingredients he'll need for a classic cherry pie.
"Sounds about right, well let's go and get el jefe's blood then go," Vanessa says as she cheerfully walks out the room, creating a small glass vile out of thin air. She sniffs out where Sam hid Dave's body and gathering as much blood that's needed.
"I bet it does," Dean smiles and kisses her forehead. "And we could go swimming too. And eat whatever we catch, Bobby taught me how to prepare a caught fish, 's not that hard."
"I was telling them about the full moon and my plans for it. Just like a werewolf, every full moon I change into my siren form, you know a tail, fins, gills, etc..." Vanessa explains again.
"You know, I've never seen a witches veins light up pink," Sam says as he closes the passenger's side door.
That makes Dean stop to think. He honestly forgot all about Vanessa's dragons and the full moon. To be completely honest, he didn't think this little dream of his through. Dean sadly sighs.
"Some hunter chick, she's supposedly super strong and she can help out with our case," Dean says as hums Paradise City.
They both sing before Vanessa bursts into giggles. The drive to the lake house has been fun, with Vanessa singing almost every song that comes up and Dean playing the license plate game by himself.
Vanessa lays the clothes on her bed to look at them, Castiel has chosen a soft t-shirt with a large fat bee on it (her aunt got her that as well as matching pajama pants) as well as light blue pajama shorts that she sleeps in regularly. Vanessa sighs and takes off the towel, wishing that she had a full-length mirror in this house she conjures one out of thin air.
And that was the last straw. "F-fuck!" Dean cries loudly, knowing that Sam probably heard that. He shoots cum straight down her throat, but she doesn't spill a single drop. Vanessa pulls his boxer back on as well as his pajama pants and wipes her mouth.
"He's gorgeous," Dean says, admiring the pattern on the snake. "Did you make this one?" Dean tries to whisper, not that anyone would know Castiel is an angel, just so that they don't seem weird.
They sneak forward and slowly open the door to find all six vampires in the same room. The head vamp is currently pacing back and forth in front of a headless vampire and the others that are standing with their head hung lowly. "Now, I am going to check on our new guest and shove some blood down his throat" he grumbles the last part.
"That sounds about right, the chick is pretty cute," Castiel smiles, after a few moments they move on, grabbing a map from someone handing them out, Dean navigates them to the next big area—the North American area.
"My family are one of the oldest out there, we moved inland way before America was 'discovered'" Vanessa explains "but we are originally from the Atlantic tribe, well it's technically called something else but its true name is in mermadick."
"But we didn't really stay in touch after our friend passed. We found a small vampire and thought why bit and clear it out now, but I got captured and she came to rescue me."
"Of course you can," Dean replies, humming as Vanessa rubs her warm cheek across his neck humming a faint tune as she goes.
Dean frowns into the pillow and turns his head. "I asked the time," Dean props himself back onto his elbows. "Plus why 'n how are you readin'?"
Vanessa nods as she starts scooping some of the gross smelling potion into the bottle. "It's not that they smell bad it's just that...that...they...all I can say about it is that they smell like heaven. Not like whatever our favorite scent is, no, literal heaven. Upstairs. Umm, the palace in the sky or whatever you wanna call it."
"I like 'em," Dean says as he opens the door and lets Vanessa go first, he closes the door behind them and follows her down the stairs. The smell of bacon cooking makes his stomach growl hungrily as he heads for the table.
Dean glares, crossing his arms trying to hide the building feeling deep in his chest. He knows he shouldn't feel this way, the worst part is he can't tell if he is mad that Vanessa is hugging Castiel or the fact that Castiel is hugging Vanessa, but he buries that thought.
When he watches the last girl drop to the floor, her light ginger hair now stained a deeper red, he shoots awake to find a pair of blue eyes staring at him.
"Dating? Oh we're not, we have only been kissing, except for that one time," Dean smiles as he completely skips over the last time they were together and remembers kissing her on her doorstep before leaving.
She rubs grr thumb up and down the slit as pre-cum leaks from it. Vanessa continues to slowly go up and then back down, taking a few seconds to rub the tip.
"I'll get the car started," Dean says as he stands up and stretches, Sam follows and places his empty bottle on the table.
Tim pulls out a small container of cereal. "Already have!" He grins, putting the container into Dean's free hand. Examining it closely, Dean finds that it has even sugar to probably keep a small child up for days, shrugging that fact off, Dean steers Tim up to the front and pays for their snacks.
"And Bobby is meeting us there?" Sam asks as he looks out the passenger side window, watching large buildings zoom by.
The pressure inside Dean starts picking up pace as Vanessa does the same, this time sucking a lot harder. "Shit Vanessa, " Dean groans "you're gonna m-make me cum so soon. "
"But with the way we play it, no one can cheat, you get zapped if you try," Vanessa leans back into the couch and watches her dad walk off towards the kitchen. "You know what? We should play, Cas have you ever played?" They turn their attention to the forgotten angel.
"But thanks Cas," Vanessa walks around the island to hug him. He freezes just for a second before melting into the hug and wrapping his wings around her.
This one he bundled up to because he isn't consistent. She rips into this one faster than the other two. Vanessa pulls out the first shirt. "This is badass," Vanessa says as she holds it up to show the other. "Oh sorry," she immediately mutters as she notices the look her dad gave her.
"Like the chocolate?" Dean asks, hoping it's not that kind of kiss. Dean has admitted to himself that he has been in love with the angel ever since he rescued him from that one angel, Zachariah.
"Damn it's hot, why does it have to be Texas" Dean complains, as he shields his eyes he gets a good look at her house. The house is at least two stories with a light coming from one of the bottom windows, the front of the house is made up of red brick while the sides are white paneling. Sam and Dean walk up the slight hill towards the front door, Dean knocks on the door as Sam rings the doorbell. A curse from inside makes Dean knock on the door again.
They watch as Vanessa takes off from where they left and pulls a black hoodie that has the Miles Morales symbol on it. "This looks awesome Dean! Thank you so much!" Vanessa exclaims gleefully. "I'm going to have to wash these immediately, especially this one." Vanessa picks up the shirt that was in Malachite's mouth.
"It's two more gifts than I usually get," Vanessa shrugs as she grabs for the biggest one, which is from her dad. "You didn't get me any more gifts, did you?" She turns to Castiel, who shakes his head no.
"Thanks for the help, what time is it?" Vanessa asks as she rubs almost all of the scales on her chest, she puts the wet slimy towel around her breasts and starts to try and wiggle out of her heavy tail.
"You son of a bitch" Dean tries to turn his head to look at Vanessa, but he can't because if the spell that the old witch put on them.
As I said before, feel free to leave kudos and comments! I try to respond to them as quickly as I can!
"From what I remember, the parents eat shrimp and then barf it into the baby's mouth and that's how they get their color! I think."
He quickly glances at Bobby as Vanessa walks to the bar to get their orders and asks "are the burgers really that good?"
She leans in for a kiss and sighs when their lips finally meet, Vanessa's careful not to hurt Dean with her needle-thin teeth, but she hungers for another kiss when they break apart.
"When I went to grab Dean he, umm, said he didn't want to hurt me, but he was scared and he lashed out. " Cas explains, "he's in the car now, peacefully asleep"
"I said first to the water," she says before putting her hand on his chest and pushing him in, Vanessa dives right after him headfirst. The lake isn't that shallow nor is it clear, Vanessa lets out a muffled cry as her legs break and fuse.
"It's not very warm," Vanessa says before returning to the stove. "Thanks," Sam grumbles before taking a long sip of his tea.
Vanessa feels the bed dip beside her but she doesn't take her eyes off the TV until one of Castiel's large wings wiggle their way underneath her, and yes she may have let him do that but it is only to keep that side warm!
"I don't know why you're so excited for a couple of reptiles," Dean chuckles as he slowly pulls the door open.
"Well if it's Jim he can't be a Timothy," Dean takes the can as well as a spoon and hands it to Tim. "Do you know how to use a spoon?"
A few hours go by when Vanessa is startled out of her research on her target which was distracting her from what happened at breakfast.
Dean blushes as he tries not to look at her. "See anything you like?" Vanessa grins as she poses in front of him.
"Nice, mint chocolate ice cream is delicious, but aren't you gonna ask me?" Dean shoots an exaggerated frown at Vanessa.
"You're welcome," he replies with a smirk. He watches Malachite intensely sniff both bags, maybe looking for food.
Dean crawls over his moose of a brother to the entrance of the tent, quietly unzipping the zipper then crawling out. The earthy smell of rain and fresh soil fills his lungs as he takes a deep breath, surprisingly there is not a drop falling from the dark dark clouds above.
Vanessa picks up their long tail and sits next to Bobby. "This one's a girl and her name is Malachite" she pats her green with the blue-ish black striped scaly thigh "and that one is a male, his name is Pluto" at the sound of his name, his light with small dark blue spots fan things that are probably his ears, perk up but he doesn't turn away from Sam. He, in fact, puts his front legs which double as his wings onto Sam's lap, and Sam lets out a pitiful squeak. Pluto lifts himself with his strong back legs to lick the side of Sam's face when he does that Dean starts laughing like a maniac.
"I am starting to become concerned about him. If those hunters come back and he's not turned it might be more trouble than it's worth" Dave/Vanessa gulps as the blonde starts tracing her fake purple nails over her muscular arms.
After a few more sips, Dean feels his stomach growl. He quickly finishes up his coffee and sets the cup in the sink, rubbing his hands together, he turns to the stovetop. "Whaddya think about pancakes for breakfast?"
Dean stays in bed, hoping to have more wonderful dreams until the smell of breakfast makes him get up. He pulls off the thick blankets to find that he completely ruined Vanessa's pants.
"I'm sorry, I was...scenting you," she says, she feels her entire face heat up as Dean stares at her.
"Cas is right, Dean will probably attack us both, plus Cas can put Dean to sleep and put him in the car as we deal with the rest." Sam sighs, rubbing the back of his neck with his hand.
Cas takes a deep breath in and stands up straight, spreading his wings a little. "I don't know. I don't know why you can see them, I didn't even know you could, "
"We may not need this one specifically, " Cas says, taking the old book out of Dean's hands, "but I'm sure we might need the others. I may be an angel, but I don't know everything about us."
"Bobby!" Vanessa pulls her door all the way open, pushes her way past Sam and Dean, and runs to hug Bobby. She wraps her arms around him and gleefully says "it's been so long." They pull away from each other and walk back to her house "You look great!"
"I don't know, Sam ran out for cake stuff when we gave up on the pie," Castiel scrapes some of the frosting off of the cake and sucks it off his finger. Dean's eyes linger on it, his eyes quickly snap away when Sam comes around and tosses a wrapped present in blue wrapping paper.
Vanessa sighs and looks back at the book in her lap, she probably should read this but she is not a very good or fast reader, but she'll try tonight.
Vanessa nods as she starts fixing her bun, this time her fingers don't get stuck. "Is Sam in the car?" Vanessa asks before getting a nod from Cas and heading outside. The crisp cool breeze of early March barely makes Vanessa shiver. She exits the house and walks left, where Dean's gorgeous black impala was parked.
Finding the war room suspiciously empty, Dean shrugs it off and heads for the kitchen. When he reaches the entrance, he finds Sam blocking it. "Excuse me," he grunts, trying to force his way in.
Vanessa smiles as warmth floods her body. "I mean, I'm kind of design to be," Vanessa says as she hums the rest of the song.
On the wall with the door is the incubator. It's large enough to fit three eggs, it's a boxy shape with a sliding glass door. Vanessa opens it and sets the egg down on the clean bedding. She fiddles with the buttons above the door to set it to her preferred setting.
"That is a hard place you've put me in Winchester," Vanessa grins, she closes the gap between them and wraps her arms around his neck, pressing herself against him. "How about I give you a quickie and you make me dinner and call it even."
Vanessa's whole face turns red, her legs suddenly becoming even itchier. "Thanks, Dean, but you'll probably reconsider. My scales aren't pretty, never have been, never will be. They're a gross muddy blueish brown"
"Cas," She whispers, not wanting to wake anyone up, but she forgets that she is outside. Vanessa scans her yard, and thank the seas that all the alcohol burned off when she shifted, otherwise she'd have a monster headache.
Vanessa opens the door and the smell of fresh breakfast makes her stomach growl. In front of the entrance are all the tables and a bar area on the left, where Castiel is currently sitting his large black wings are tucked neatly behind him.
"Smooth," Dean bites a strip of bacon, justly earning the venomous look his brother shoots him. "And we can deal with that later, we should relax today."
Dean turns to face Sam, he licks his dry lips and shrugs. "I have no idea, but someone is down there, we need to get them out."
Vanessa looks back at the feather in her hands, she brings her free hand to rub her neck. If he is not sick, is he... "please tell you're not turned on Cas."
"I usually pick up whatever's available at the store," Daniel shrugs and leans back into the wooden seat.
"Yes, when I had asked him why he only shrugged and told me to get out of the kitchen," Castiel says taking chunks of scales mixed with the skin that they are attached to. After some time, Vanessa can finally feel her legs shifting back, she starts moving them as much as she can.
"It's because I made a couple of those reptiles," Castiel sighs, he guides Dean into the dimly lit building. "My apologies, it's just that it'll be my first time seeing them out, and I'm a little excited."
Dean and Vanessa sing loudly. Vanessa air guitars the amazing rift as Dean taps the drums on the steering wheel.
"I won't forget, tis but a curse," Vanessa dramatically brings her hand up to her face. "But a funny curse at some points." She yawns.
"We left least seven, " Cas grumbles as he puts his bloody trench coat back on. Vanessa notices the blood and snaps her fingers, both Sam and Cas look down to find the bloodstains gone.
"Ugh, " Dean groans, he forgot how much he dislikes flying. It feels like he's been on a roller coaster. He shakes it off and grabs Castiel's hand, pausing for a moment to see if Castiel will let go (which he doesn't) before they start to head for the gift shop.
"Are yoou sure?" Vanessa asks, Castiel nods then Vanessa snaps her fingers, and the bag appears in her hand.
She and Pluto surround Sam and Dean, trying to lick them. "I have things to do," Dean says, trying to step over them, "he will love you." He pats the couch and then Pluto jumps up and tackles Sam.
Dean stands straight and turns back to the stove, but not before stealing a piece of the pancake and earning a death glare from Tim.
"Hey, umm, I was wondering if I–we could come to visit you for your birthday," Dean mumbles. "Cause, I don't know how long it'll take you to do this hunt and we might pick up another one and–"
"Yeah?" Dean asks, Sam gestured for Dean to hand him the keys, reluctantly he hands them over and sits back down. Sam walks out of the house and to the car.
"That's what you said yesterday Dean," Sam chides. "We can't just put this off, he-" Sam points to Tim," -could be a ticking time bomb for all we know."
"Dammit Vanessa, I said no more," Dean semi-yells. Vanessa ignores him and pours as much as she can into the already full glass and chugs it as fast as she can. She shivers as she swallows the potion-whiskey mixture and grins at him, Vanessa does hand the bottle over to Dean.
"The comet person seemed to land over that way," Dean points past the tent into the dark forest. "Be on high alert, I don't know what it could be."
"Just a tad, but you get used to it after a while," Vanessa shrugs, she moves to float on her back, sighing as the cold water cools her down. "I'm glad you brought me, Dean, I am having a wonderful time and I can't wait for the fish."
"Of course," Vanessa materializes a badge in her jacket pocket and pulls it out to hand over as Castiel pulls out an actual badge. The old woman takes both of them, scans them, then hands them back.
"I've wanted to kiss the moment I laid eyes on you," Vanessa says as she quickly kisses him on the lips.
"Good f-fuking going me," Vanessa growls as a tear breaks free and runs down her face, she turns on the dusty computer with shaky hands and tries to type in the password. After a few tries, she finally cracks the code and opens her email to find a billion spam emails and one email from her boss. She deletes all the spam and opens the email from her boss.
As they drive to the bar, Vaness tells them the basics about herself, like how her favorite color is the same color of Dean's eyes, she has many houses that work as safe houses for hunters and that they can use them as they please, she is half-witch and half..." where here!"
Dean walks over to the dresser that on the right wall, he opens the drawer hoping that Castiel might've come back with new fresh clothes so he doesn't have to wear Vanessa's. Normally he wouldn't complain about wearing anyone's clothes, especially Vanessa's extremely soft pajama pants that have deep pockets, but with his heightened sense of smell, he can only smell the ocean which isn't too bad, magical herbs, dragons which smells just like smoke, and the worst of it, dead fish.
Tim nods hungrily. He takes a seat next to Sam, as Dean fills a plate with bacon and pancakes and slide it to Tim along with the syrup. Tim eyes the food suspiciously. "How do I eat this?" He asks, tilting his head slightly.
Dean raises an eyebrow. "If you are trying to talk to me, I don't understand what you're tryin' to say."
"I'm thinking that after this we could get some lunch," Dean tells Castiel as he grabs his cards and tickets.
"I knew I wouldn't be able to keep that a secret for long," Dean mutters. Vanessa is practically dancing in her seat as she watches Dean takes the large slabs of salmon out of the skillet and onto a few plates.
"He got captured, he made us leave him behind, I'm sure they're trying to turn him, luckily we know the cure if he doesn't drink and AH!" Sam hisses as Vanessa rubs a mixture of the herbs on the gash. Her wrist glows pink as her hand shines a healing light on the cut. After that's done, she places a large bandage over the cut then buttons his shirt back up.
"I knew you need a new blue flannel after that werewolf tore through it," Sam shrugs. "And I saw that AC/DC shirt and it's so soft, I knew you'd love it."
"Oh boy," Vanessa rolls her eyes. "Considering it's been the same gift every year, but I am always thankful."
All witches are on a 10/10 power system, or power levels, every witch has to go to the reevaluation ceremony every year to make sure nothing changed. A 6/10 and above are monitored regularly, anything below isn't considered much of a threat. Vanessa is a warlock that has much more magic than most warlocks, so she is a proud 14/10 (most warlocks are an 11 or 12 and at most a 13.)
"Alright, I brought three, last time I only brought one when we needed at least two for your tail," Castiel says, he gets down on his knees and starts rubbing a towel on her scales, making sure not to go against the grain.
"You are just like a platypus," Sam blurts out. Everyone at the table looks at him hoping for an explanation.
That was thirty minutes ago, after the fifth or sixth drink, Vanessa finally got the angel buzzed while she and everyone else was passed that, to the point where the littlest thing will make Vanessa sing.
Dean looks at her eyes again and notices that she as slits for pupils. "If you're not a demon, then what the hell are you," Dean asks as he scoots his chair closer.
"I-it was–is a memory," Vanessa whispers, the stinging sensation tells her that she is going to start to cry if she talks about it any longer. "I don't, umm, really want to talk about, but what, uh, time is it?"
"Yeah, I getcha" Dean replies. The sound of shoes hitting the tile in the kitchen nearly makes Dean jump.
Dean groans when Vanessa puts her awfully warm mouth on the tip, she swirls her tongue around it, making him leak precum into her mouth. "F-fuck, " he whimpers and he runs his hand through her barely brushed pink hair.
"I know, it doesn't smell very good, it probably tastes just as bad. But Cas and Sam said you've done it before, so I believe you can do it again" Vanessa says reassuringly.
Dean glances up at his brother, chewing his lip before glancing down at his phone. "Lay it on us," Sam says.
"That's because you," he points his finger at Sam. "Fucking cheated, he kept stealing money from the bank."
The diner is small, just like any others, with dark blue walls and sandy-colored floors. Booths line the walls as tables are scattered across the floor.
She makes quick work changing into fresh black panties and deep plum purple leggings. Vanessa turns around to find Dean dressed in a brown undershirt with a red flannel over it and blue jeans.
"They're awesome" Dean's voice cracks. Vanessa's face quickly heats up, "they're, umm, not as impressive as yours Dean."
His brother's cries are faint now as a strange humming sound buzzes in his ears, making his hair on the back of his neck stand up, the smell of ozone and something that Dean can't pinpoint fills his lungs.
and she repeats it over and over again, her arms burning until she pulls a large fat trout out of the water.
Sam notices but doesn't say anything, not wanting to embarrass him in front of Bobby or Vanessa, instead he just smirks at him. Dean rolls his eyes and drums his finger on the table. She comes back with four in her hand and places them in front of everyone and sits down. "To a successful hunt!" She says before taking a long sip. Everyone else follows, Sam and Bobby still drinking from their first beers.
"Oh yeah, Vanessa says that when she ever has children they'll get past down to them" Bobby replies.
"I've been in love with you Dean ever since I saw your soul in hell, you have one of the most gorgeous souls I have ever laid eyes on," Castiel says, a smile tugs at his lips.
He manages to grab the handle and open it a crack before he loses his grip on the handle and it slams close. "Dean," Vanessa says making him turn around. "I would like to share my bed, you just didn't let me finish. Hell, you didn't let me start."
"Are you making these?" He asks as he takes one of the red apples out. "No, I just take them from the store, I leave the money in a register," she replies. "Measuring spoons and cups are in the island drawer, flour, and sugar are in here," Vanessa points to cabinets on the island.
Tim clicks his tongue in response. "It's fun to turn on and watch," Dean turns back to look at Tim, his startling blue eyes never seem to have left his face. "I tend to say the answer out loud if I know it."
"I think he's staring at you," Dean smiles, the eagle's eyes narrow on Castiel, almost as if he's mad.
"Well we've gotta shower, we are covered in witch blood, thank god we have extra clothes in the car," Sam says, "I'll go and grab them, oh, umm, Is it okay if we use your shower?"
"Dammit Lir," Vanessa curses at her brother as she grabs her ringing phone, swipes, and places it to her ear. "What do you want?"
"To find your mystery thing? No, I just woke up," Sam complains as he shuffles over to the car. Sam pulls out the same stuff Dean did and slams the trunk close.
she sings flawlessly. With a plate in hand, she walks over to Dean and sets it down next to his mug.
"If that is a Giant Panda, they would eat bamboo," Tim says after laughing, making Dean nearly spill his beer down his shirt as he tries to take a sip.
Dean leads Tim to a booth right by the entrance with Sam right behind them. Dean slips in the side of the booth that faces the door as Sam sits next to him and Tim across.
"I watch over everyone's dreams to make sure they don't have any nightmares, Dean has them the most, you get second place, and I have yet to see Sam have any, which I find peculiar," Castiel says, still messing with her hair.
"It's fine, I'm fine with a blowjob, anything from you will be just fine, " he purrs, he kisses her again and leaves a trail from her lips to her jaw, to her neck, he sucks on it planning on leaving a nice big mark.
"Hopefully she will, then she can meet these three," Daniel motions to everyone but him and Vanessa.
"Oh, hi Dean" she turns around to face him "you look nice". Her dark brown eyes bore into his own, and he can feel his face heating up as he looks at her outfit. She's in a white sundress that reaches her knees, a small belt is wrapped around her waist and she has a pair of black flats under her arm. "You okay?" She snorts.
"Sam, don't eat with your mouth full, you could choke, " Vanessa says, not bothering to turn around to look at Castiel.
"Just one clean cut and I could fix your bed head problem" Dean grumbles, watching his brother break apart a large knot.
"It was something bigger than a damn bird, I thought it was a comet at first, but when it got closer to the ground, it sounded like it was screaming," Dean shakes Sam again. "Can we just check it out?"
Dean stops abruptly and he brushes off the dirt on his sweat pants. He approaches the person on the ground. It's unmistakable that it's a guy, his jawline looks like it could cut butter.
Vanessa looks at the second gift, which is a hoodie, while Malachite slowly crawls closer to the coffee table. Both Dean and Castiel don't say a word as they watch her sneakily try to take one of the shirts.
"I have that one too," Vanessa says before snapping her fingers and the shirts and hoodie gets replaced with a fully ser up game of monopoly. "But we're playing this, with beer." She snaps her fingers again and a cold beer appears in front of everyone.
Vanessa starts laughing and she finally turns down the song, "I'm fine Cas," her voice half hers and half Steve Perry's.  She clears her throat and says "man, I love that song, I remember when it came out, people loved it!"
He nods, he takes off his suit jacket, showing where his wound is. She licks her lips as she unbuttons his shirt and tries not to stare at his some of his stomach muscles. She ignores the creeping blush as she starts tending to his wound. Cas's isn't as big as Sam's, but it looks like he's been stabbed by something. She sloppily spreads the healing salve and hovers her hand over the wound, muttering a healing chant in Latin and using her magic to heal him as fast as she can.
"A sandwich sounds nice, " Dean replies,  he watches her leave and he sits up. He chuckles when he realizes that Vanessa gave him a blowjob then he basically just told her to make him a sandwich.
Dean glances over at the empty seat next to him. Maybe he should call Castiel back here and talk to him and apologize. Would he even come? Is he mad too? Does he actually understand what a date is? He did say that Sam explained it to him.
They have a cool wall with a bunch of t-shirts, some with zebras that they saw earlier, others with a cool design of a snake. There is also a rack of stuffed animals ranging from wolves to hummingbirds and butterflies.
"Sorry, I said that witches I've met can't do that, normal witches at least" he mumbles the last part as he shoves more food in his mouth.
Dean quickly shakes that thought out of his head and continues his search. He passes a little stand of black magnetic rocks, picking up a small chain of them with a smile. He hasn't seen these in a while. Dean quickly sets them down when he spots the angel.
Dean knows to be respectful, friendly, and above all else, he knows to expect him to pull Dean over to the side and tell him that 'if he ever hurts his daughter, he will hunt Dean down and kill him where he stands.'
The fins on her tail flare when she feels something brush against it, but Vanessa ignores it and scans the silty bottom. Hovering only a few inches from the lake floor, trying not to uproot any plants, Vanessa makes quick work to scan every inch, digging in some points to find the shells.
"Makin' breakfast," Dean shoots him a grin. Tim squints at the food cooking behind him before his eyes lock onto a plate of stacked pancakes on the island. "You want some?"
They decide to turn around to see the other animals that are on the left before going to the next big area. They stay to look at the bison peacefully grazing until the bison move back inside so they move on to the bald eagle exhibit.
"Sam said to come and wake you up, we have a surprise for you," Castiel grins. Dean quickly scans the angel in front of him, well, he should say the half-angel in front of him.
She opens her mouth enough for his tongue to slip in. Castiel tastes sweet on her tongue, like fresh honey. They both groan when they hear Vanessa's phone vibrate, indicating that someone had texted her.
"It's important okay? I know it's a little gross but it's what makes the potion work!" Vanessa hisses.
"Okay then, I'll heal the both of you." Vanessa says as she pushed off her knees and stands up, "I'll grab some bandages, some of my healing herbs, and some whiskey, "
Dean blinks at her in confusion. "Oh, I meant the smell, " he says with a small smile, "I've seen worse ingredients before, a little spit and hair isn't gross, "
"Oh," she says as she quickly unlocks the door "let me give you my number, I forgot to earlier" she quickly runs in and runs back out, jotting down her number and stuffing it in his pants pocket.
"Does this happen every time you blow your load?" Vanessa asks as she dumps the shards of glass onto the table. Her screen is as cracked as the TV is, but luckily she can use her magic to repair it.
"As soon as Sam's done, we'll go," She says as she magically pulls out her phone from thin air, "warning though, it's kind of a bar for supernatural folk, and I don't wanna get kicked out again by hunters, so all I ask is for you guys to behave".
He shuffles down the stairs and walks into the living room to find Sam with his nose in a book. "Vanessa's making sandwiches, you want one?" Dean asks.
"It must be very young if it's grey, do they shed the grey feathers as they grow?" Castiel points to one of the adults standing in the water.
"It's the least we can do. When we get home Dean will have to make you his amazing cheeseburgers," Sam buckles his seatbelt and leans into the seat.
"He said he'll be gone for a few days, he has to meet with our allies" Hadiya replies as she moves her own dark brown braid over her shoulder and on her back.
"The spell will work better if you stay still, on the couch," she says. He rolls his eyes and keeps eating his apple. "No matter, I was going to make French toast, did you want some?"
"I'd be surprised if they weren't! Dean, we need to think this through," Sam sighs. "Let's start by calling Bobby, maybe he can help?"
"I don't know Dean, I thought it would be this then we would meet up with Sam," Castiel smirks. Dean rolls his eyes, taking Castiel's hand in confidence, and pulling him to a secluded area of the building.
Why did he get so mad? That was what he wanted...right? To go on a date with Castiel was one of his dreams, but he screwed it up by getting mad. Why did he get mad?
Wanting to watch some of the lightning, Dean stands away from Baby and watches the sky. Thank god it's not cold out, otherwise, they would've camped indoors and made smores on the cookie-scented candles that Sam got him for that one birthday, but this is much nicer. Granted he got bit by a dozen mosquitoes and lost a marshmallow to a squirrel, Dean would say he is having a wonderful time!
Vanessa hums, watching the sunset in her new courter's arms as waves wash over her tail is probably her new heaven. If she could freeze time, this might be one moment she'd want to stay in.
"I'm at a Gas 'n Sip plus diner just off of route four 'o one," Dean says. "If you wanna come and listen to my shitty apology in person, I'm in my car, or you could always ignore me."
"Alrighty then, I'll pack some weapons then we can go," Vanessa says as she shoves Malachite's tail off of her lap.
The thought of butterflies being huge and with stingers suddenly crosses his mind, and a small smile tugs at his lips as he tries imagining hitting one on the freeway.
"Your welcome, here you go Sammy," Dean places Sam's plate next to his laptop, then takes his seat across from Vanessa.
"Morning sleepyhead," Dean tries to be as nonchalant as possible. He hears Tim stretch loudly and pops his back, which makes Dean's backache.
"Well, I'm going to go and shower," Sam cuts in and runs up the stairs. The dragons at his heels until Vanessa stops them.
Vanessa closes her eyes, preparing to use her magic by wiggling her arms, from her fingertips all the way up to her shoulders, all of her veins light up pink. Sam gasps as he watches Vanessa turn into the dead vamp on the floor, her once beautiful brown eyes turn into dark, cold, blue ones. Her bright pink hair morphs into long messy brown hair, and Vanessa's tan skin turns pale white.
As soon as it reaches her it stops in mid-air, "you really tried that?" Vanessa asks and chuckles. Vanessa lifts her arm in the air and both boys' jaws drop, from her shoulder fading to her fingers all of Vanessa's veins light up the same pink color of her hair. She twirls her finger in a circle and the knife follows. Slowly the knife turns from her head to the old witches.
Vanessa walks past the coffee table and pauses before the front door, she turns her head to look at Castiel. He's slightly leaning forward to help his large black wings. "You'll have to take off that coat sweetie, " she says with a smile. He nods and slowly starts to take it off as Vanessa walks past the stairs towards the kitchen. She walks through the archway, turns the overhead light on, walks past the table, and walks straight towards her herb cabinet, she grabs what she needs and all the bandages that are inside and an emergency bottle of whiskey.
She gasps and starts squirming underneath him. Dean smiles and continues, only to find that her neck somehow opens? He pauses to look at her neck to find that three long and narrow slits have opened, and Vanessa notices his pause. "They're my gills, " she whispers, "they're sensitive, but you already-" she cuts herself off with a moan when Dean traces one of them with his tongue.
She clasps a black bra on then quickly puts the large pale grey shirt over it. Vanessa shifts her chest around to make sure everything is in place, making sure the necklace she's wearing is visible, then moves on to her pants.
"Turkey bacon?" Dean stares at a strip of turkey bacon like it's the worst thing in the world, which it is.
The office door is behind on the far left wall if you face the kitchen. The garage could fir a car, but since it acts as an office, a large oak desk is facing the main wall with a tall bookshelf next to it. On the other side is some gym equipment that she sometimes uses.
"For the record, dragons hearts are good for making you youthful" Vanessa says as she points get finger at the old witch and the knife shoots forward and straight through her head. As soon as she drops, Sam and Dean do too.
"I feel like one, stupid itchy fins kept me up almost all night, " Vanessa complains as she tries to ignore her red arms. She shakes off a clump of hair off of her hand as Dean notices that in between each finger is webbed and muddy blue, and on each finger are long black talon-like nails.
"Right, I will do that," Castiel says his wings slowly unwrap themselves from her. Vanessa sits up and stretches her back, she swings her legs over the side of the bed and stands up, she groans when her knees pop, man she feels old.
And at that Dean chuckles as he reaches the car, opening the door, and sitting down next to his smiling brother. "I knew it," he says.
"Really? They are gorgeous and funnily enough, they were my sister's favorites too. But she liked the red ones, and since she was the younger twin all of the vases just had to have red daylilies, not a hint of yellow in sight," Vanessa shakes her head lightly. "What's your favorite color?"
Dean lets out another deep moan as Vanessa goes as deep as she can, with his free hand he snakes his way down to her breasts and starts groping one of them. Pinching her nipple and then switching to the other one. Going back on what he said, Dean lightly drags his fingers across her top gill, Vanessa lets out a quiet moan and focuses on her slow pace.
Dean sighs, settling down in his recliner, he fiddles with the TV remote to set up reruns of Jeopardy. With an open beer in one hand, he takes a sip before placing it in the cupholder.
Not wasting any time, Dean discards his empty beer bottle and grabs a new one, opening it quickly, he dashes back to the entrance to his "Dean Cave". He told himself he would think of a better name for it, but never mind that now. With his hand on the doorknob, he bites his lip for a second before swinging it open and closing it somewhat loudly, announcing his arrival.
"You know I'm technically stronger than you," Vanessa says before taking a swig of the cold beer, she shivers as it goes down her throat.
Dean scans the metal stand that has magnets all over it. He's trying to figure out which magnet would be best to put on the bunker's fridge, but there are just so many good ones.
"I'm down for being anything, offense, defense, or I could rescue the handsome damsel in distress" Vanessa states.
Dean turns his head to Sam, who is sitting in a lawn chair next to him. "I would make a great fucking kindergarten teacher!"
She moves so close to Dean that she can feel the water moving from him kicking to stay afloat. "Here," she says as hands him the shells. "All fossils! So I believe that means I win?"
Dean quietly pulls out the shoe box and pulls off the lid, the first thing that he sees is a beautiful gold necklace that has the biggest and reddest ruby that Dean has ever seen. Under it are very old pictures of what Dean assumes to be Vanessa's great-great-great-grandparents? Her great-great-great-grandma looks just like her, or it could be the fact that Dean hasn't had any coffee or tea yet.
He runs back into the first room to have Vanessa thrown at him. He and Vanessa land on the floor as Sam runs into the room. "I told them to lay low" the last witch screeches. Dean notices that she is older than all the witches by at least a decade. "But no, they had to get of hunters and her," she says angrily as she points the knife at Vanessa.
Their lips slot together almost perfectly, Castiel wraps an arm around her back and rubs small circles into her. Vanessa sighs as Castiel nibbles on her bottom lip, hoping to gain entrance.
"That's what we should do, sign you up for that, and me and Sam wouldn't have to stay in motels!" Dean grins to himself.
"The fact that you used I–never mind," Sam pinches the bridge of his nose. "What are we supposed to do with him!"
Sorry, this took me soooo long to write and then edit, but with everything that has happened between now and the last chapter in the US...I hope y'all understand.
"Well, Bobby said to check him over for any marks or symbols on him. I told him that you found wings burned into the ground," Sam says. The second Sam mentions the wings, Tim immediately looks away from his beans to Sam.
As the day slowly moves on from early in the morning to the afternoon, Sam and Dean help Vanessa get prepared for the full moon by helping her make a special potion.
the money bag," Vanessa says, placing her token on go. "And the banker, so strap in, we'll be here for a few hours."
It looks like whatever fell was the size of the moon! Veins of blue light weave their way down to the bottom where the blue slowly turns white with burnt trees and their limbs are scattered in the crater. And in the middle of the crater lays a figure next to ashy marks that resemble incredibly large wings.
"Oh right, he left to get food, " Vanessa sighs and takes a seat on the couch, texting Sam about what kind of food he's getting. He quickly replies 'burgers'
"Oh, okay, hopefully, he's back soon, " Vanessa says. She drinks her steaming tea in a comfortable silence until she goes to put the empty mug on the coffee table and notices all the books.
She places it on the island before she tears into the bag. She pulls out a small box, curious Dean steps closer and watches her open it. Inside is a pair of dangling earrings that are shaped like a bee in a honeycomb. "Aww," she squeals.
Vanessa opens her eyes, the light from the window blinding her. She groans and checks her phone. The time reads
"Alrighty then," Dean says, but no one moves, Vanessa gives him a quick peck on the cheek before turning around and heading for the door.
Vanessa had just landed on Go and gotten her luckily four hundred and sighed, leaning back into the couch she is sharing with Sam.
"Well I'm making crab and shrimp as requested, and that takes time. I don't bake so I don't know how long you'll need," Daniel crosses his arms.
"Of course, there's a bookshelf in the kitchen and plenty of beer and chips to last you till we get back," Vanessa says as she puts something in her shoe. She walks towards the door and looks at Dean.
"Which is fine, I have a pool out back, and I made a potion which makes me safe to be around under the full moon," Vanessa says happily. She's always been with her family through it but almost never anyone other than them. Rarely her potential mates would come and hang out with her, but no one has done that in years.
have our own problems and anxieties, I know you probably don't wanna talk about it, but if you do I'm here," Dean says softly then places a gentle kiss onto her forehead.
"Where do you think you're going?" Vanessa asks, she turns him around with her magic and sits him back down on the bed. "Without giving me a kiss?"
"We found wings at our crash site," Dean sighs. "They're burned into the ground. Maybe it's a clue?"
"I'm not sure how long we'll be staying Nessa, " Dean says, trying out a new nickname, he wraps his arm under hers and on her warm side, "you should come with us on our next hunt."
"Snap your fingers and poof! Things are in front of you." Sam says as he shoves a forkful of French toast. "Wi'hes I've met can' doo 'hat," he says with his mouth filled to the brim.
Dean heads towards the large door and opens it, luckily it is a small bathroom, with only a sink and a toilet. Dean quickly changes into a nice plain black t-shirt with a nice blue flannel over it and a nice pair of clean jeans. Once he's done, he crumbles his clothes into a ball and stuffs them under his arm. He walks out to find Vanessa brushing her long pink hair.
pm. Vanessa sighs again and pushes herself off her couch and walks past the coffee table, past the front door, and turns to go upstairs to bed. Unfortunately, her dragons aren't here to keep her warm and protected, not that she needs it, they're staying with a friend that takes care of dragons, they took them in to help socialize them more.
Tim nods, he takes the spoon back and holds it as Dean showed him, he scoops up beans and then shoves them into his mouth. "Ahh!" He says with his mouthful. "It burns."
Vanessa nods and bites her bottom lip. "I'm sorry, I should have told you sooner, " she says starting to try and sit up, "I understand if you dont wanna do this anymore."
"No, well, yes. With a sink," Sam sighs. "That guy is stronger than he looks, or their sinks are pretty shitty, the uhh, handle popped right off and it started spaying us with water."
"Well, that's the power of magic" Vanessa smiles as she takes the old bandage off "it's healed to the point where you don't need a new bandage or more of the herbs which is good cause I need to grow more" Vanessa states as she shuffles on her knees to Cas. She swallows thickly as she tries to ignore the position she's in.
"ангельские крылья серафима," she reads out loud quietly. (Angelic wings of a seraph). Vanessa opens the book and sighs, the first chapter is an introduction to angels and shows what a seraph looks like in its true form.
"Almost every time, dragon heart don't do shit," she says as she flips herself onto her back, "we were thinking about heading to Maria's to celebrate," Vanessa tells Bobby.
Dean has never heard of a demon not reacting to holy water, but maybe one has learned to become immune.
"You just ruined my next question," Dean scoffs. "How much can you bench press," he asks sarcastically before asking. "But no, uh what's your favorite movie?"
"Then what? If you are not sick then what is wrong?" Vanessa asks, she may not be a certified doctor, but she has had some "medical" training from her dad (which is just healing spells) and some mainly from her aunt who is a doctor.
"It's fine. It happened a long time ago," Vanessa sighs and quietly adds. "I should be over it by now anyway."
"You can't if he murders me first," he smiles when he hears Sam groan and mutter something under his breath.
Cas quickly looks away, "yes, I'm fine, it's just cars are exceedingly slow" Cas grits through his teeth.
Vanessa finds multiple vacant shells that she tries to crush to make sure they're what she is looking for and something embedded into a rock, deciding that she has the perfect, Vanessa arcs her torso up to the surface, and with a powerful beat of her tail she breaches it in no time.
Dean lightly hums a song that is stuck in his head, he would find the tape it's on, but Sammy is asleep in the passenger seat. They definitely didn't need to leave this early.
Sam and Dean take a seat at the fire pit as Vanessa gathers wood to put in it, she snaps her fingers, and all the wood catches on fire. Dean sighs and looks up, while it's only sixish? The sun has started to set and the almost full moon rises. Dean watches Vanessa turn on all the pool lights, the fire outlining her silhouette.
"Woah, " Vanessa rushes to his side, notices that he is clutching his ribs, and his shirt is soaked with nasty smelling blood. "What happened?" She asks as she starts to unbutton his shirt to get a good look at his wound.
"Good morning!" Vanessa says from the stove, her now pink hair is up in a tight bun, and she's wearing new pajamas, a plain white shirt, and soft looking pants that have pineapples on them.
"F-fuck Dean, " she whimpers. Dean grins and continues to lick and suck as gently as he can on her gills, ignoring his now painful erection.
They make their way to the table and take their seats, Vanessa and Dean sit next to each other, Sam and Daniel take the ends, while Castiel takes the other side and spreads his wings.
"You're so strong, and handsome, can't forget that," Vanessa giggles and brushes her hand against his. He sighs and turns her away from the kitchen table, he directs her to the living room, making sure she doesn't trip and fall over anything.
"I-I don't know about that Dean, " she says and brushes a strand of her messy pink hair out of her face, "don't get me wrong, I'd love to travel the country with you three and hunt shit, but I have responsibilities like a job, a very flexible job yes, but a job none the less, and two full-grown dragons! Not to mention I have the full fucking moon to deal with."
"I have some on werewolves, one or two on shapeshifters, but I mostly hunt witches and sometimes sirens so I have a lot of books on them," Vanessa explains with a smile, some of her human friends find it weird that she has so many books about supernatural creatures, but she doesn't really care, she only hopes that they don't find out the truth.
"I think they can. I don't think he likes me either," Castiel clears his throat as he rolls his shoulders, Dean shudders as something very warm spreads across his back. Even if he can't see where the warmth is coming from, he can tell where it starts and ends.
"I remember the feeling of falling, but the only clearest thing I remember is Dean touching my neck," Tim explains as he starts to wolf down the beans. "This is delicious, you did a great job, Sam."
Some of the notes talked about how the wings are sensitive to touch, which Vanessa figured out a while ago. Other notes talked about how during the whole experiment, only one person who could see the angel's wings was the author.
"I am really good at it, last time we played Dean got so mad he threw it in the trash," Sam chuckles.
"Take him back to camp, and get him some pants," Dean says grabbing the stranger's arm, not flinching from how hot his skin is, and leading him into the forest.
Dean scrubs his face with his hands and sighs, he swings his legs off the bed and stands. He tiredly walks to the door and out of the bedroom, thank god Vanessa has closed the curtains otherwise he'd be blind.
"It works just the same," Vanessa moans. "And who needs legs for an awesome blow job?" Vanessa turns easily in Dean's arms, pushing him lightly into the sand, she runs one of her long talons gently over his bare chest.
Vanessa watches Dean stomp off and sighs, she downs the rest of her drink and calmly slides all of her stuff to Sam. "Tell me who wins in ze mornin'," Vanessa stands, the room feels like it's tilting as she slowly stumbles away. "Imma go an' check on him."
"Why are you telling me this?" Dean asks, crossing his arms over his chest, knowing what he's about to say.
Dean whimpers when the man finally lets go of his arm. He rubs where the man's fingers squeezed his arm. "C-checking for a pulse," Dean says nervously. "I-it seems like you have one."
Unfortunately for him, his fist doesn't connect with anything but air, but the next swing comes to an abrupt stop before he can even fully stretch out his arm.
Speaking of Dean, he was the one keeping her trapped in his warm strong arms. Vanessa quickly looks down at her hands to see if they're still a bloody mess, which thankfully they aren't.
The engine's low rumble makes Vanessa smile, while she doesn't typically drive, this car is one of her favorites. Unlike Dean, she doesn't have a box full of mixtapes, but she does have the good old radio. Vanessa turns it on to find that they are currently playing Back in Black by ACDC. She hums the tune of the song as she backs out of her driveway.
Daniel slides a styrofoam box to Vanessa and a wrapped burger to Dean while sliding a container to Sam. "So who's this," Daniel gestures to Castiel as he unwraps his burger.
"You're staying the night with Vanessa?" A drowsy voice says. Everyone turns and looks at where it came from to find Dean standing in the archway with nothing but a plain gray t-shirt on and a pair of Vanessa's pajama pants.
"Hey, I just wanted to check on you and apologize for making you upset at breakfast," Dean says, closing the door behind him, he stands awkwardly in front of the desk.
"Whatever, here," Dean says as he pulls out the piece of paper and hands it to his still smiling brother, "you might want to save her number, but let's go, I am tired". And with that, Dean drives out of the suburb, surprisingly with no traffic all the way to the motel and passes out on the bed after texting Vanessa good night, while Sam starts packing things away so they can leave without any hassle tomorrow.
"I know you would have like a pie, but when I tried to make the filling it started to explode," Castiel looks down at his plate and picks at the chocolate frosting.
"To show off, it's fun to do it, anyway, now I am going to make some delicious and perfectly safe crumb cake!" Vanessa says, turning her spatula into a whisk.
"Not much," Tim shrugs, his eyes finally breaking away from the screen. A soft smile forms on his lips as his eyes land on Dean. "Except for an excellent question about bees." He says, turning his head quickly back to the screen before adding, "and cars."
She can still see her figure running down the block her, but Sarah is much faster, her lungs burning when she turns the corner to find that Sarah is long gone.
"Lame," Dean takes his fork and digs into the actual cake. "This cake is awesome, where'd you find the candles?" Dean asks with a full mouth, twirling a candle between his fingers.
"Dad do you think it's weird that I came out of an egg? Would you have wanted me to be born like an actual human?" Vanessa looks at her dad.
"You know Lir, he'll probably call tomorrow not knowing that he is a day late, as always," Vanessa smiles. 'Lir?' Dean mouths and smirks, Vanessa rolls her eyes and smiles, knowing that he finds the name kind of stupid.
The pasty pink walls make her think of scarred skin as the tiles are basic stone. A door is on the opposite wall to the sink, probably leading to the bedroom. Vanessa's thought gets answered when Dean comes walking out with to ling fishing poles.
"Calm down, we will find her," Castiel gravelly voice soothes her, he pulls her into a hug and wraps his wings around her.
"I just wanna tell you to be nice to Vanessa, she doesn't help hunters all too much and I don't want you pushin' her buttons," Bobby explains.
"Correct, there is no need for bloodshed, only if Sarah is not compliant will you put her to sleep," Vanessa explains, putting the bowl away. She straightens the map out on the hotel coffee table then, with a snap of her fingers, the map catches on fire, eating away at the map until it hits the witch's location.
Hola! I hope y'all are having a wonderful day, my family is celebrating Christmas today with my dad because everyone except my dad is leaving in a couple of days to go to Ohio. So yea, enjoy the chapter.
After a few minutes, Vanessa's crying turns to hiccups. "I-I'm sorry Dean, I never...n-never ment to," she pauses to move so she can look Dean in the eyes, "I didn't mean to f-freak out earlier." She sniffs, "I just...it just...when someone mentions..."
Jeopardy is one of my favorite TV shows, only cause it has a range of questions and I love watching it with my mom! The easter egg I put in here is for the fellow Achievement Hunter fans, here is the link to the moment https://youtu.be/f9v5lZiOb3g I'm referring to.
"Do you have lotion for them?" Dean asks, with a frown. Vanessa grumbles something too low for him to hear, even with his messed up vampire hearing.
"Don't go giving all my secrets away" Vanessa says as she walks toward them with a sly smile on her face.
"It's the 'protect me cone' shirt from Red vs Blue, it looks awesome!" Vanessa flips it around to get another look at it. Vanessa looks at Malachite, who has been waiting at the end of the couch for any food that may have appeared and carefully places it on the coffee table.
"Look, " she says after clearing her throat, Dean's eyes snap right back to hers, "I try not to help hunters, and I am not going to help any Winchester, which is a shame," she says with a slight smile as her brown eyes slide over to the flustered Dean "considering how cute you are, but I promised myself that I wasn't going to help any hunters; now if you excuse me I have things I need to–" she starts closing the door but hesitates as the sound of Bobby's car comes around the corner and parks in her empty driveway.
Dean frowns, it has been at least ten minutes and no damn lightning! Plenty of thunder for some strange reason, but no lightning! Dean wasn't very good at science in school, but he was pretty sure that you can't have thunder without lightning. Maybe he's still asleep and this is a dream...he chuckles at that thought.
"It's been soo long, c-can I sceent you again?" Vanessa asks, pushing away to look into his eyes. Dean could stare for hours into them, they are so brown that it makes him crave chocolate, and god he loves them. But today they seem...paler...and the bags under them aren't doing them justice.
Vanessa quickly strides to her messed up coffee table, remembering that she'll probably want a set of clean clothes and towels if they're going to be fishing and swimming there. Once she magics up a bag for herself, Vanessa goes through it to make sure it has everything she needs.
"I love how you say that as you're eating it," Vanessa hums as she takes a bite of her toast. Dean shrugs and says "I would never turn down a free meal, even if it was a bland salad."
Seashells adorn the outside walls of the building, and a large sign reads Colombus Aquarium outlined in seashells.
Vanessa walks down the hallway calmly, summoning her phone for her room, she reads through the local news for any signs of a runaway witch, but nothing has come up. Distracted, she almost runs into the elevator, she presses the button, and the doors open.
Vanessa picks up her fork then hungrily looks over her plate. In the middle of the big chunk of salmon, next to it is eggs and a few slices of bacon, as well as some toast. "Thank you, Dean, you don't understand how much this means to me," Vanessa says before stuffing the eggs and bacon into her mouth, wanting to save the fish for last.
Their conversation quickly went from what was the worst place you've eaten at to what was the weirdest thing you've eaten.
Dean mentally says fuck it and decides to take both, they are only a couple of bucks. Dean wanders around the store, mainly to find Castiel but to also check out what other things they have.
"Hi, bubby," Vanessa coos as she takes her attention off of the egg and to Pluto. His icy blue eyes painfully remind her of Hadiya's, who has always found that dragon eyes remind her of humans. Too bad, she was never around to see them.
"Well surprise, surprise, I'm not a normal witch. I'm what they'd call a warlock" Vanessa explains "we're rare, it happens when one twin steals almost all of the magic from the other, making them nearly human."
Dean opens his mouth to say no, but Vanessa does it for him. "Noo, we just finisheed. What's with the bag?" She asks, moving around Dean towards the angel.
He is currently driving to the house where they first met, Dean is very excited to see her again but also very nervous because she said that her dad is visiting her.
Dean's jaw drops when he sees her tail. In the moonlight, her scales are a gorgeous shade of extremely dark blue, almost black, it sparkles purple and brown. On her arms are small fins that are the same color, her eyes are eerily glowing yellow in the moonlight, and her chest is covered in scales.
"B-Bobby, uhh, send me any information you find about people falling out of the sky," Sam says before hanging up and stuff his phone in his pocket.
Ignoring Castiel's humming, Vanessa finds a knotted part in the feathers, thinking that this is just like someone combing through someone else's hair Vanessa slowly undoes the knot, careful not to break any feathers, but Castiel's stupid feathers won't stop fluffing.
Dean takes this time to push in the first cassette tape he can reach and turns it up. They still have about twenty more minutes to go, and Dean sure as hell isn't gonna spend it thinking about Castiel.
Dean scrolls through local news on his phone as he waits for the boys to get back, when they do, Dean raises an eyebrow when his gaze lands on Sam.
The sound of sizzling bacon, a radio playing a familiar song, and someone singing to it makes Dean hurry to the kitchen. Dean's stomach growls as the smell of food fills the air.
Vanessa quickly gets the stench and blood of vampires off of her and quickly rinses off the soap. She doesn't even bother washing her hair and turns off the shower. She squeezes out all of the water in her hair and grabs her towel. She wraps it around herself and sits on the toilet next to the bathtub/shower.
The egg is a bit bigger than an ostrich's and a lot scalier. It has a pale pink coloring with a blue stripe going around the middle with deep red specks all over it. "You were talking to your brother 'bout getting another one so I found a good breeder, and I know you had everything set up so I bought it instead."
Maybe he should grab Castiel's hand and give the people around them something to stare at. It's just there, so close to Dean's hand already, practically touching, if he grabs it what would be the worst outcome? Castiel immediately tells him to let go and asks what he's doing and why he tried to hold hands? He could be oblivious and just not notice? Or Castiel could love holding hands and say that he is having a wonderful time and loves him?
"Just trust me," Dean shoots Tim a smile and pours a dollop of the ketchup on his plate, Tim stares at it with suspicion. Tim reluctantly dips a french fry into the ketchup and pops it in his mouth, he closes his eyes and hums. "That does taste better," Tim says excitedly.
"Sure, " Sam says without looking away from the book. Dean pauses to see if Sam will complain about the noise when he doesn't Dean nods and heads to the kitchen.
"Alright, I'll be back with your drinks," the waiter quickly finishes writing down their orders as he walks away.
He sighs and smiles as he starts thinking about Vanessa, it would be a lie to say he wasn't attracted to her, and no one should blame him. Vanessa has gorgeous pinkish-purple hair the ends right under her chest and the prettiest brown eyes that Dean has ever laid his eyes on. Her smile could light up the whole room while her laugh could fill it.
"Why not? You're as pretty as one" he says as he lifts his large hand to touch her, but Vanessa swiftly grabs his large hairy wrist with one hand and starts squeezing.
"No hard feelings, plus I don't need sleep, " Cas says as he sits up straight, slightly stretching his wings.
Dean gets on his knees and hovers over the man, he places to fingers on his neck to check for a pulse when the guy snaps his eyes open and grabs his arm.
"Oh, has your brother called yet? He should have by now," Daniel says, pulling out his phone to check the time.
Vanessa sighs, she's still extremely upset that Sarah got away and even more upset that Castiel wouldn't let her fully chase after her. Vanessa grabs one of the pillows and wraps it around her stomach, her mother would always do this for her when she got anxious, Vanessa never understood why it works well but it does for her.
Dean dodges a punch to the head and lands a nice blow straight in the gut. The witch lets out a whimper and continues to try and punch Dean, but he keeps dodging and landing better hits. He kicks her knees and shoots her point-blank in the head, blood splattering all over his jeans.
"Yup," Vanessa says, popping the 'P'. Vanessa grabs the end of the fishing rod to inspect her hook. It's rusty with dried guts all over it, Vanessa rolls it in her fingers and uses her magic to clean it; then sticks a fresh worm on the end and throwing it out to the lake.
"It's fine," he says, his feathers immediately stop brushing against her arms when Vanessa notices them. Castiel clears his throat and his wings neatly folded against his back, his long primary feathers barely brush the ground. Castiel shoves the clothes into Vanessa's arms, he quickly walks past her, trying not to touch her but his wings are puffing up and they brush against Vanessa's side, she shivers as he passes and she continues to her bedroom.
"You are not giving me a damn blowjob Nessie," Dean growls just before their lips meet. "Now let me take care of you goddammit!"
Vanessa closes the car door, looking down at her outfit, she found the least ugly pantsuit she could find, she would much rather wear a dress with cute leggings and heels, but oh well.
"Dean you're already on the road, don't turn around just for me," Vanessa says, shifting her phone from one shoulder to the other one, she stuffs her big black luggage into the trunk of her purple 1967 Pontiac GTO. She could have just taken Castiel's offer of flying to the hotel but Vanessa wanted to see Dean's face when he saw her car.
The murky water makes her hyper-aware of everything, even though she is pretty sure that she is the biggest thing in this lake, she still makes sure to keep a very close eye out for anything that gets in a five feet radius from her.
They finish their lunch in silence except for Tim's faint humming as he enjoys his lunch. "Anybody need to go to the bathroom before we leave?" Dean asks as he pulls out his wallet and tosses a couple of tens onto the table. "Cause we'll only stop at a gas station for snacks."
Vanessa laughs, "yes, you can touch them, you've touched my gills so of course, you can touch my scales" Vanessa offers him her arms, "luckily they're not as sensitive, "
"I know," she shifts to face him, his blue eyes are no longer glowing, and his dark hair seems to always be a cute mess. "H-how much did you see? And do you always watch my dreams or..."
"Are you okay? You don't look too good," Vanessa asks then slaps her hand on his forehead, it's very warm and sweaty.
"I found a few easy cases in Arizona and one in Texas," Sam replies, closing his laptop to eat his breakfast.
"Oh God, I'm going to make it up to him" Vanessa declares, "you two probably don't wanna hear how, but I can make my walls soundproof."
Dean cuts Sam off, "we will be leaving soon, and I have a feeling that this conversation will take more than two days!"
The first exhibit they see is the lions. One male with a large brown mane is lazily sleeping under the shade with three other lions, clearly female.
It was the next day and they thankfully haven't been murdered in their sleep, mainly because Dean made the man sleep in the Impala and he locked the doors. Now after the unexpected rescue mission, Dean has not only taught someone to put on pants but now it's a shirt too.
"You can call Bobby, I need to get them out of there," Dean says before thrusting his flashlight into Sam's hands. He starts to carefully walk down the side of the crater, making sure to take the right steps.
"Uh, sure, " Dean says smoothly but he can tell that he's probably blushing. Tension builds in him as he watches Vanessa licks her lips and slowly fill up each glass bottle until the remains in the pot are all gone.
am, she sighs as memories of what happened earlier come flooding back. She scrolls through her notifications, only now is she getting the distress message from Sam. Vanessa yanks off the blankets and stands up, stretching out her back and sighing as it pops her legs slightly itching but she ignores them.
Dean shrugs and says "I try. I'll probably do it tonight or something, oh I forgot to ask Vanessa something...I'll be right back."
Sam nods and sighs, "when we left it seemed like all he could think about was you. He wanted to call, he really did, but the first week we got swamped, same with the next couple of weeks. Then Bobby passed, and you showed up, but he wasn't talking to anyone, not even to me for the first few days."
Thanking the cashier, they both head out to the car, Dean handing over the cereal before sliding into the driver's seat. Setting the keys into the ignition, a smile crawls onto Dean's face when he hears his baby's engine purr. "Alright," Dean says, his soda hisses as he twists it open. "We have only an hour left, so no more stops until home."
Once she gets her gills out, Vanessa lets out a louder wail which just sends air bubbles up to the surface. She makes sure to grow scales on her chest, but not as much as last time, just enough to keep everything covered and in place, not that she needs them covered around Dean. Vanessa lets out a final small whimper when she feels the fins along the side of her tail reak out of her skin, the thin membrane between her fingers grow quickly along with her nails.
Unfortunately, it's the only other thing she can think of, she should have asked if it was okay to touch them instead of sinking her hand into them. Vanessa just remembered that she did this at the witch's house! Now Vanessa feels bad for him, having to do that while having a hard-on? That must have sucked.
"It would appear so," Castiel hums. They watch as the bald eagle starts to puff out and spreads its wings, and Castiel frowns.
Dean looks at the angel in the passenger side seat. His dark hair is messily swept to the side. Dean would gladly kill anything to make this a date, but if it was he'd be too nervous to do anything. This is why he keeps chanting to himself that it's just a trip to the zoo, with the man he loves, without his brother...
"Let's just hope that he hasn't drank any blood" Vanessa mutters as she tosses the empty vial into the trash.
"Me too, like, cats are carnivores, but some people are just dumb," Vanessa growls as her toast pops up.
"Okay calm down, we could stay here until the full moon is over, then we can start looking for jobs, or I could start tomorrow and we could talk about it tomorrow."
"Thank you for all the help," Tim grumbles as he adjusts the seatbelt to his liking. "I am very grateful."
He opens the driver's door and sighs, thinking of what he could also make besides fish. Would bacon work? Eggs? Oh, how about pancakes?
"Okay," Vanessa replies, as she stands back up and turns to leave, but Sam grabs her hand and asks "are you okay?"
She creates a lid for the bottle and heads for the entrance to find Sam and Cas already in the car. She dashes out of the house and across the yard, seeing Dean asleep in the back wrapped in Cas' wings makes her pick up her pace. Vanessa climbs into the passenger seat and looks at Dean.
"What's the point? I'll just land on your dumbass spaces Cas," Dean growls as he still grabs the dice.
"I don't have a 'best behavior' Dean," Tim grumbles back, his low voice makes Dean shiver. "I just fell out of the sky."
Vanessa nods, "yes, my family have been around for a very long time and we get paid very well for our job" she explains.
He pulls out the first goodie, which is a t-shirt that says mother of dragons and it has baby Drogon from Game of Thrones with his eggshell on his head. Dean picked out this one while Sam thought that it was a little lame to get it, but of course, Dean does not give a shit.
Vanessa walks up the last step and straight into the bathroom, she turns on the light, quickly brushes her teeth and her needle-like fangs and her regular teeth, and turns off the light, and heads down the hallway to the master bedroom. Without turning on the bedroom light, she changes into an old but limited edition AC/DC shirt that her dad got her and a pair of men's pajama pants that have deep pockets. She plugs her phone in, and lays down in her soft bed, passing out almost immediately.
Hearing the rustles of scales, Dean turns his head to find Pluto staring at him. "You think she'll like this?" Dean snorts, to his slight dismay, Pluto crawls over to him and sniffs the shirt. Seeing the little dragon on it, he curls his lips up, showing his steak-knife-like teeth, but luckily he walks away.
The early summer sun bakes them as Dean continues to ask Vanessa questions about herself and they manage to catch the amount of fish they want, with Dean catching the biggest fish, and decide to stuff it in the fridge and deal with it at dinner.
Her gaze shifts from the angel to the TV half-heartedly paying attention to it. Vanessa rubs her thumb on his sensitive tip.
"No need to apologize. Wanna watch a movie or something? I have Netflix on the TV," Vanessa pats the empty side of the bed invitingly. "But no shoes on the bed."
"Pie or not, thank you, Cas," Dean shoots Castiel a grin, making him blush.  They eat their cake while Castiel tells Dean about him practicing making pies all week and where all the "store-bought" pies came from.
"Wake him up," Vanessa tells Cas. Cas puts two fingers on his sweaty forehead and as fast as a bullet, Dean springs up and pushes himself into the headboard.
Once she's done she walks over to the door, putting on her tennis shoes, and opens the door. The hallway is not busy at all, the walls are painted a light tan while the carpet is black.
"I could never forget such a pretty face," he says patting where she stuffed the piece of paper with her number on it.
She lets out a low whistle as her eyes run down his muscular arms. "Well if I did, it wouldn't be a race now would it?" She smirks. Vanessa gets in position and quickly says, "beat you to the water," before they both take off.
She quickly walks back, her feet smacking on the hardwood as she jogs towards the living room. "So where's Dean?" Vanessa asks as she places everything on the coffee table.
She groans and rubs her now burning legs, she grabs her phone from thin air to check the calendar. Two days until the full moon, usually, her legs, hands, shoulders, back, etc... ache a week before the full moon. It was odd that it started this late, Vanessa groans again realizing that her guests will probably stay for a few days to make sure that Dean gets his full rest. Vanessa sighs and stands up, using her magic to instantly dry off she quickly throws on her pajamas and calmly walks out of her room and downstairs looking for Sam.
"Where are you two headed?" Sam asks from the dining table. A bowl of what appears to be oatmeal sits in front of him, but Vanessa doesn't remember buying anyway, perhaps he ran out and got it.
"I heard that you are supposed to buy gifts for someone's birthday, so I did just that," he lifts the bag. "You can open it early if you'd like."
"Morning dad," Vanessa walks to the stove and hugs her father, he hums in response and focuses on the bacon.
"Fiiine, I know it's crab and other things I can smell it from here, but whatever," Vanessa crosses her arms. "I guess I can wait for tomorrow."
"Neat, what other snakes did you make?" Dean asks as he pulls the angel along to a tank with an alligator snapping turtle.
"Me." They say. Vanessa stands up to face the stranger. His dark brown hair looks like he had a few rounds in bed, his gorgeous piercing blue eyes stare into her brown eyes, and large black feathery appendages pulled tightly to his large body. Under his large trench coat, he's wearing a suit thats bloody and sticking to his stomach.
"Good morning," Vanessa hums, she rests her chin on the table as she watches Dean sway to the music as he flips something in the air. A loud beeping noise disrupts her staring and watches as Dean opens the oven to pull out a hissing cast iron skillet that smells exactly like.
"Ket-chup?" Tim asks with a head tilt, making Dean look away and gesture at the red untouched bottle pressed up against the wall. "Yeah, ketchup, you pour it on your burger and it makes it taste better or you can also dip your fries in it."
"Really?" Vanessa looks at Castiel, his face is somehow even redder. "I would think that in your billions of years you would have someone touching these."
Which was years ago, he has never considered that his love might be returned, and he never convinced himself to ask the angel out. Whenever he gets close, Castiel stares at him eerily and Dean freaks out.
"Alright, first the rules," Vanessa grabs the rule book. "We have house rules that say that if you pass go you get two hundred and if you land on it you get double."
"Thank you," Vanessa whispers, she snuggles her face into the crook of his neck, breathing in his woodsy scent. Vanessa starts rubbing her damp cheek on his neck.
"And how do you know that?" Vanessa pushes away from him "You're not a psychic you're just another damn angel."
"How'd it go?" Bobby asks as he holds the door open for the three. Both dragons coming running and chirping as Vanessa walks through the door.
Vanessa's eyes snap open, she brings her shaky hands to rub her eyes, to find that they are wet. She rubs her wet cheek and looks around in the darkness. Her chest is heaving up and down and her throat feels sore.
"More like she'll rip you limb from limb and whoever you were cheating with and eat them, her mother told me how she has done that twice," Daniel smirks. "She's a nice person, but she can be scary sometimes. Oh, and if she gives you a rock or if you find one in your car or something, you better keep that."
"Yeah, I'll explain it when we get home. For now, relax and enjoy the music," Dean says as he grabs the box of cassette tapes, he decides to start him off with Led Zeppelin then moves on to ACDC.
"Prepare to lose then," Vanessa says before diving into the water. Her eyes quickly adjust to the darkness as she swims with ease deeper, reaching the bottom within seconds.
"Sounds good, " he cups her face with his free hand and pulls her in for a kiss. Her blazing lips crash on his and she lets go of his hand to wrap her warm arms around his neck. After a few seconds, they pull away and Vanessa leads Dean up the stairs and into her bedroom.
So it's been a while, I know, and I apologize for it, but a lot of things have happened since the last chapter which is why it's coming to you now and not last month or so.
Vanessa swallows and looks back at her food, feeling the blush creep up her neck she takes a long drink out of tea.
"Just worms, for now, shall do," Dean says, watching in awe as Vanessa snaps her fingers and a plastic box with a cartoonish worm appears in front of them. "Sweet, alright, you know how to do this right?"
"I should, maybe he'll be more of a fighter than Pluto is," and with the mention of his name, Pluto crawls into the kitchen curiously.
Dean smiles and shakes his head, placing the cute shirt onto the wrapping paper and sizing it up. Hopefully, he'll get this done before Vanessa wakes up.
"I was only planning on only giving you a blowjob, if we go further we'll technically be considered partners for life, or mates as we call It, " Vanessa confesses, looking away from Dean's lustful gaze.
"That's" she pauses, not wanting to make him any sadder, but wanting to tell him how watching someone sleeping was a little creepy. "Nice of you, I guess, but you don't have to do that."
After another hour Sam joins them, to which Tim's attention is finally pulled away. "Find anything?" Dean asks without looking away from the book.
"Yeah, a friend of mine makes swords and shit as a hobby so I got to use his set up" Vanessa explains, she lets out a loud yawn and rubs her eyes. "I'm going back to bed, Cas, I have books and shit, and Sam? Please stay on the couch, if you don't I'll tie you down to it, "
"There," Vanessa mumbles as she finishes her bun, "I'm sure, plus I can't keep these two outside since the heat and not inside alone, they tend to eat stuff like my couches and pillows."
"Plus you were in third, I was the one losing miserably," Vanessa says as she crawls next to Dean, laying her head next to his. "But I think my dad seems to like you, which is good, it's hard to tell if he, umm, likes anyone."
"No. Well, yes. I guess I do, it's just that this car is starting to feel cramped," Tim mindlessly glances out the window.
"Alright, y'all will tell me who turned pretty boy Dean, and I'll think about giving you two fast deaths," Vanessa says, one with long black hair opens her mouth but all that comes out is a pitiful cry.
She side-eyes him, "what?" She mixes in the scales with the wooden spoon as she opens the cabinet above the stove and pulls out a small plastic container.
Vanessa turns away from Castiel and to the bedside table. Glass from the lamp's bulb is everywhere, including her phone.
"Nice one," Sam says. Cas turns around and wipes the blood off his blade onto his trench coat with a noticeable bruise on his cheek.
Dean can feel his face get even hotter, and he knows it's not from the heat of the fire. "Well, how am I supposed to know? And wait, were you eavesdropping on us?"
When they had finished their lunch, which was mainly steamed crab, Castiel had finally come and joined them with a birthday card that has a cute llama on it. Dean had half of a pie while the others split the other half, they moved to the living room to open the gifts that Dean had gotten Vanessa.
Vanessa sighs, knowing that if she brings up what happened earlier, she'll just get the same stupid answer. Her fingers find their way into the soft inky black feathers, this time she combs through them instead of just fiddling with, each stroke seems to calm her down and Castiel too.
"Yup, we tracked them down to this house, we just needed the extra back up," Sam explains as they get out of the car.
"Oh but you will, " Vanessa turns to glare at him before moving the bacon around, "if I don't hand this over, I can get fired. My boss wants this lady dead, so I'll make her as dead as a doornail in the most delicious way possible! With my grandma's recipe!"
He grabs one of the magnets, a manatee with the name of the zoo carved into it, which looks nice but there are so many more. Dean grabs another magnet that is in the shape of a jellyfish in a purple ombre that turns into a light blue at the tentacles, with fake gems at the top.
"Well tell him that you are grateful that he called you and that you wouldn't care if he was a week late," Daniel crosses his arms.
In the middle of the room is a large oak desk with the newest computer on it and a large black office chair like the ones in the movies, directly behind the desk is a large window with blackout blinds, next to the window are two large bookshelves that touch the ceiling and are filled to the brim with old dusty books. It's been...a while since Vanessa has been in this house since it's so far north, but it has been in her family for a long time.
"I'll go and grab a towel," he says before turning towards the door. Vanessa sighs and flips herself onto her back, the worst part of being a siren is drying off. Normally Vanessa sleeps in so the sun is all nice and high in the sky, but she has guests this time so she tries to wake up as early as she can to make them breakfast.
"Witches..." Vanessa mumbles as she scratches her chin " odd, I should've heard about that, especially if it's in this city."
Vanessa starts laughing, so much so she almost loses her grip on the tile. "No, what do you think we eat in the ocean? Seaweed?" She answers in between laughs.
Vanessa doesn't drive her cars very often, but when she does, it's always to impress her friends, and was Dean impressed! His whole face lit up as he walked around the car to look at it, he kept shooting question after question about the car.
Dean stares at the bright magazine cover, he has a few of these at the bunker where no one (Sam) will
I do have a Tumblr, just go to blueberryrock and send me a message or something, i try to post art and stuff.
Vanessa and Castiel walk up to the house, Vanessa knocks on the door as Castiel rings the doorbell. Vanessa tucks a strand of her now dark brown hair behind her ear.
When Dean's finally done, he stuffs a ball of his clothing into Vanessa's neatly packed bag and she scowls, but Dean ignores it and heads to the impala. Vanessa follows and slides into the passenger seat as Dean puts the bag in the trunk.
"Man, I'm surprised that Vanessa has a coffee maker but no coffee," Dean says as he takes the last sip of his hot chai tea.
Dean groans, knowing exactly what he should do, he unzips the tent and crawls inside. "Sam!" He shakes his brother awake. "Wake up it's urgent."
"I'm just glad you decided to go along with my lame date idea," Dean mutters and floats towards her, Dean drapes his arms around her belly as they drift closer to the middle of the lake.
Immediately after Sam says that Vanessa stops mid-conversation with Castiel and says "I heard someone say fish!"
"That doesn't count as bad manners, the only reason you're upset about it was that she ate a pizza with her hands instead of with a fork like a weirdo! John was nice, I liked his hair and his butt, he did not have any manners at all and ran off with a girl named Marcy."
"Why not? It's not like I use much of the money anyway, just enough to have a couple of houses and apartments in major cities," Vanessa shrugs.
"Take your time" Vanessa calmly says but gives him the 'take your time but also kinda hurry up' look.
Dean takes the necklace from Castiel's hand and holds it up to look at it. It's a metal hooded snake that looks like it's about to strike on a delicate-looking chain. "Do you want it?" Dean looks at Castiel.
After hours on the road, nearly hitting a duck and a rabbit and getting honked at by an asshole driver that didn't use their damn turn signal, Vanessa finally pulls into the hotel parking lot.
Dean holds his breath for most of it, they're so close that their hands brush together as they walk. Luckily it's somewhat early that barely any other guests are here to watch them almost hold hands.
"Planning time," she says, rubbing her simmering hands together. "Since Dean is captured by vampires they probably turned him or they're using him as leverage, or both," Vanessa says as she sits down on the coffee table, crossing her legs so one leg is under the other.
I didn't get to visit my family up north for Christmas but we had a good one at our house, but hopefully, the next chapter will be out quicker.
The back yard is huge! Dean estimates it at half an acre, with a massive pool in the middle. It has a white tile porch leading up to the pool. A fire pit is in the middle with a few chairs around it, next to it is a large round table that has dead flowers on it, and next to the table is a gorgeous grill.
"Aww man, " Dean grins as he runs his fingers over Vanessa's cold scales, he was expecting it to feel like a fish scales, but it feels more like a snake's. "Wow, " he mutters.
"Yes?" Hadiya's smooth voice sends a small shiver down her spine, Vanessa hasn't heard her voice in years, but she has never forgotten it.
After breakfast Dean had cleaned his and Tim's plates, heading to the library, with Tim in tow, Dean grabs a few books off the shelves.
Vanessa runs down the stairs, summoning more blue balls of energy, she runs into the living room, expecting more people to send through the walls. But she finds someone familiar on the couch, curled into themselves. She turns on the light and blinks for her eyes to adjust. "Sam?" She guesses as she obliterates her balls of energy. "Sam Winchester, is that you?"
Vanessa opens her mouth to say 'it's fine' but she then realized that he probably had to look through her entire dresser to find them. "Did you go through all of the drawers?"
Vanessa walks over to the table and gently sets the egg down on the wood. Not feeling hungry, she declines Dean's offer of cereal and runs her finger over the cool surface of the egg.
Dean closes the box and puts it back, he quickly changes out of the pajama pants and into a new clean pair. He walks away from the dresser and out the door. He lets out a happy sigh as the sunlight from the windows aren't causing him any problems, he pauses at the top of the stairs to make sure he isn't hard at all before going down the stairs.
"I guess," is all Dean says before he is pulled into Vanessa's chest. She worms her fingers into his hair and slowly massages his head, raking her nails over his scalp. Dean's eyes flutter close and he sighs, this is just what he needs after the crappy dream he had.
"Joggin'. I told him the best route through the neighborhood, goes uphill and down," Daniel hums. "Did you want eggs, Dean?" He turns his head to see Dean's nod.
"Got it. Got it," Vanessa nods and glances out the window as they back out. "Would it be okay if I perhaps play music from my phone on the way there, then we can listen to whatever you want?" Vanessa asks and gives him her best puppy eyes.
Vanessa sets her phone back on the nightstand then shifts to face Dean. "I wish we could trade brothers, at least I would have a brother that would never call late for my birthdays, he called several weeks early now that I think about it."
Vanessa nods silently and throws the blankets off of her. "Did I snore? My sister and brother used to complain about that all the time when we were little."
Once done, she drags it off the bed and rolls it to the door, thinking that she'll wake up, eat breakfast, say goodbye to everyone, and then head out. A perfect plan! Just got to hope Dean doesn't offer to drive Vanessa there.
"No problem, " Cas replies with a small smile, his beautiful wings proudly twitching behind him "you ready?"
"It's okay," Dean pats the embarrassed angel on the shoulder. "How 'bout we see the next animals? I think we're coming up on the Africa area."
"Ah, you must be Dean and Sam!" A man says, Dean quickly looks him up and down. He is a few inches shorter than him with very dark brown hair and the same colored eyes as Vanessa.
"Wow, nice catch," Dean pats Vanessa's shoulder. Vanessa quickly unhooks the thrashing trout and examines it hungrily, the wet scales glinting in the sunlight and the lake water starts to burn her fingertips, causing her long talons to grow.
"Noted," Dean grumbles, he decides that fish wouldn't be the worst thing for breakfast, but to make sure it's fresh and done before Vanessa wakes up he'll have to wake up somewhat early...or he could not go to bed. But Dean knows that if Castiel catches him, he'll put him to sleep.
"No problem. Now I've gotta clean up the kitchen, we have apple chunks everywhere in there," Sam chuckles and heads to the kitchen, leaving Castiel and Dean alone. "It smells great though," he calls out as he quickly walks to the kitchen.
A loud constant ringing noise disrupts Vanessa and Dean, making her ears turn into her fin-like ears.
"I wasn't going to say that...interesting is what first came to mind," Dean says, giving Vanessa a small smile.
"You didn't snore last night, but you were mumbling in your sleep, mainly about earrings and Cas, so I've deduced that you don't like the earrings he gave me," Vanessa smirks.
Vanessa cuts him off. "I-I said no. Now I-I just want to finish br-reakfast, then I have some work to do," Vanessa grits teeth before quickly swallowing the rest of her breakfast, resisting the urge to purge it back up, in complete silence. She feels both Sam and Dean's worried gaze on her, but she ignores it.
"Alright, put your shoes on now," Dean mutters as he watches the road for the exit. The narrow exit road takes them to a small gas station next to a tractor supply store. Letting Baby come to a rolling stop beside the pump, Dean takes the keys out of the ignition and steps out, groaning as he stretches out his back.
"Yes, he said that he missed the exit and he's going the long way" Dean answers and turns the song back up.
"Guess I'll start on the pies, should have run in to grab apples," Dean sits up and stretches, his back popping as he does.
As Vanessa makes her way towards the door brushing off any leftover scales on her chest and a few that are on her face and arms. She pauses when she grips the handle, a little nervous to confront Dean and all the food he made. Vanessa takes a deep breath in and opens the door, a warm blast of air hits her as she steps inside. The sound of music playing and food sizzling make Vanessa's heart flutter, but before she can go over there, she needs to get out of the towel.
"Thanks, but you sure, you're really, red.." She says, grinning mischievously as he blushes even harder. She turns back around and put her hairbrush on her brown and white island that's in front of her oven. She picks up a hair tie and starts braiding her hair.
Dean can't help but beam as he watches the manatee slowly float by them. "Hey, Dean," Castiel turns his head to Dean, his gorgeous ocean blue eyes meet his. "I'm ready to go when you are, I've had a wonderful time, I'm glad that you asked me out."
Castiel's messy black hair is sticking up in all directions, his blue eyes crinkle as the grin on his face grows bigger. "A surprise?" Dean groans, Castiel walks around the bed and pushes Dean toward the door.
"I accept your apology, and I'm sorry too, I thought that it was a date and it clearly wasn't. I guess I got my signs confused again." Castiel looks sadly away from Dean.
Sam sighs and they head into the forest, Dean makes a mental note of where the camp is so they don't forget.
"Vanessa" Bobby stands up and grabs her free hand and pulls her away from the tall giant, making her let go of his wrist. He rubs his wrist, letting out a low whimper. "Crazy bitch" he mutters. At that moment all Dean saw red, stood up, and punched him right in the face, making the giant guy stumble a few steps back and into a table.
She walks over to the boys and turns to face the huge pool. "Now, I don't care about nudity, but if y'all do you can turn away, " Vanessa says as she starts taking her shirt off.
Dean watches Tim's tongue licks his lips before swallowing down a sip of his hot coffee. "You want ketchup with that or no?" Dean asks.
She dashes out of the room and down the stairs, skipping a few steps at a time as she tries to get her stuck fingers out of her bun. Vanessa trips on her own foot and yelps, with her free hand she tries to grab for the railing but she misses and lands on someone. "Sorry" Vanessa apologizes, her face heating up as they help her to her feet, she rips her fingers out of the bun, ruining it.
"Sorry," Castiel shuffles to make his wings fit and not touch Dean at the same time. Dean rolls his eyes and purposely brushes his arms against the raven black feathers.
Castiel sucks in a gasp as his wings fluff wildly. "I. I think I'm gonna–" he cuts himself off with a moan and Vanessa moves her hand quickly.
"That. Was. Amazing Vanessa, "Castiel says out of breath. With a snap of his fingers, the mess they made disappears, and his belt and pants are perfectly on him.
He skids to a stop when he reaches his destination, the glowing crater in front of him. His jaw drops when he shines his flashlight on it, the crater is huge! And deep!
"Why don't you ask me tomorrow, when I'm sober?" Vanessa says as she snuggles closer to his chest. She may not be hammered as she was an hour ago, but it'll be nice to give him a clear and precise answer, even if it'll be a yes no matter what.
The doors close behind her as she hits the lobby button. Hunting runaway witches are always hard to hunt, no matter their ranking. They only care about one thing, which is to hide. Over the years, Vanessa has perfected her skill, which is why she is so valuable to her boss.
With that, Tim locks onto Dean's eyes and says. "Hello, Dean. I am here to watch the TV with you again."
"Oh, you betcha, never permanently, of course. One time I brought in twin hunters and they got into a fight with a vampire and a poor pool table got the worst of it." Vanessa's lips curl into a small smile as the not particularly fond memory loops in her head.
Dean licks his lips to keep Castiel's taste fresh on his tongue. "Wow, Cas, that was amazing," Dean says breathlessly.
Dean clears his throat, "sure they are, I've never noticed when your eyes turn yellow, some of your scales appear on your face."
"Noo, I always seeem too speeak likee this afteer I speeak in meermadik," Vanessa explains. "I gueess yoou coould call it an acceent. It will goo away eeveentually." Vanessa pulls him into a tight hug and hums.
"Yeah" he calls out weakly and coughs. He tries to stretch out more so she can see him, but as soon as he moves his torso, he lets out a cry of pain and curls back up.
"You can land on 'free parking' and get a couple of hundreds," Vanessa says calmly, using a slight hint of her siren powers to calm him.
From where he is sitting he watches Vanessa's glowing yellow eyes move from Castiel to Dean. Dean blushes when Vanessa gives him a warm smile and then goes back to talking to Castiel. A wonderful idea pops into Dean's head, he should make a huge breakfast for Vanessa to show how thankful he is for her rescuing him and letting them stay.
"Cas if you can hear this, I'm sorry man, if you can fly over here we could talk it out, or you could ignore me, either-or," Dean continues. He has moved the food and the bag from the zoo to the back in case the angel decides to fly over here.
Today, the first text Vanessa has gotten from Dean was a cute little message about how much he misses her and about how much of a nerd Sam is. She types back a similar message then turns her phone off.
"Yes, you are an amazing artist, " he says as he dreamily looks at Vanessa, who slightly blushes and sucks in a breath and starts coughing violently from the unchewed food now down her throat.
Dean angrily fishes his keys out of his pocket as he exits the zoo. Now he wishes he had parked a little closer, but he is too angry to truly care.
"Great then," Vanessa hears Dean mumble and throw the blankets off of him. "I'll change in the bathroom."
"You're going to pay, I told Dave not to turn him or even keep him here" the vampire's voice cracks "your little boy toy killed my girl, then you two came in and everyone."
Once she's done, Vanessa pulls away from his neck and stands on her tiptoes to plant a kiss on his mouth. Dean hums, rubbing his thumbs in a calming circle on her hips.
"So, tell me all about your case," Vanessa says as she swiftly walks back to the boys. She hands everyone their beers and takes a seat next to Bobby, with a snap of her fingers all of the beers open and the bottle caps land on the coffee table.
"I'm not sure how long these fishing poles have been here," Dean mumbles as he heads towards the front door. "If they break, I can just repair them," Vanessa gleefully follows behind him.
Vanessa slips out of bed, casting a ball of energy that could send someone to the moon if she threw it hard enough at them. Her veins and the ball of energy both light up a bright pink and blue, lighting her way to the door. She slowly and quietly opens the door and walks into the hallway to find someone in a large coat with large black appendages sticking out lean on the wall and limp towards her bathroom. She screams and shoots the blue ball at the large person, sending them flying way past the bathroom, the guest room next to the bathroom, and through the door of the other guest room directly across the hall from her room.
"Saaam," someone calls from inside the kitchen, their gravelly voice is a dead give away but Dean doesn't care. "I think it's about to explode," Sam sighs and rips the bags from Dean's arms and tells him to "go away."
"Siblings? Uh, two, my twin Hadiya and my little brother Lir, who is an annoying little shit," Vanessa grumbles. "When it was time to officially meet our dad, I and my sister went up to shore and we just haaaad to bring Lir."
"You made all of those? As practice? Damn Cas, you should make me pies every day! That shit was good!" Dean says, swallowing his last bite of cake.
"There," she says, backing away from his neck, Vanessa looks him in the eyes and smiles. "All mine," she touches his bottom lip with her finger, he opens his mouth and stops past her nail, Dean swishes his tongue over the pad of her finger until she pulls it out.
"I...couldn' zleep, I too haven' been having pleasan' dreams, zorry zhat I pulled you zo out of yours late, I am not as zkilled as Cas is."
"I won!" She excitedly swims to Dean, who hasn't floated very far. "And I think I found a tooth stuck in a rock." She grins as she holds up the rock, showing off her needle-thin fangs.
She wasn't reading it the other night, instead, she was fighting down an anxiety attack after she awoke from another nightmare. The book was from the Castiel and it is about angel wings, but it's not in German, it's in Russian. Vanessa can't even get an accent from reading, she just threw it on in a panic.
That night all Dean could dream about was Vanessa, whether she was baking him a delicious pie, in between his thighs giving him the best blowjob ever, or cuddling next to her naked on this bed. He did have multiple dreams where Cas was helping Vanessa do all three things.
"They are better than Vanessa says they are" Bobby replies with a slight grin. After a few minutes, Vanessa comes back with four bottles in her hand and two plates with large bacon cheeseburgers.
The room is as long as it's wide, the large bed is in the middle of the back wall it has small tables with lamps on it. The room has tons of stuff in it, next to the door is a large bookshelf that almost touches the ceiling and on the other side of the door is a TV.
Dean chews on his lip and quickly looks back at the road, humming the song anxiously. This is going to be a long drive.
Vanessa throws her arms around her father. "I'm glad you could make it dad, hopefully, mother can make it next year."
Once her tail is done, Vanessa pushes off the bottom in one fluid motion to meet Dean at the surface. "Does that hurt?" Dean glances at Vanessa.
He grabs a flashlight, his gun, extra ammo for the said gun, and a knife that he can store in his boot for emergencies. He turns on the flashlight to make sure it still works.
"It is a very nice painting," Cas says again. Vanessa finishes her breakfast and takes hers and Sam's plate to the sink.
Dean moves closer to the duo as Vanessa holds Malachite steady, Dean wraps his arms around Malachite's wings and pins her to the floor, allowing Vanessa to let go of her tail and move to her head.
"Same," Dean says before he pauses, realizing what he said but Vanessa just ignores it and takes a swig for her beer. Its lukewarm temperature makes her shiver when she swallows it. Vanessa frowns, wishing she hadn't worn leggings, she should have put on shorts or a skirt.
"Salmon is pretty high up there with shrimp close behind it and mint chocolate chip ice cream," Vanessa grins, she licks her lips and ignores the muted rumble from her stomach. It probably won't the best idea to ignore breakfast than eat a lot of fish, but Vanessa doesn't care at this point.
"Well, we'll both get cleaned up, then we shall go and rescue Dean," Sam says "we have plenty of dead man's blood for all of the vampires, so you and Cas will go for most of them while I'll go for Dean."
Dean gently shakes his head and grips the steering wheel hard. Trying to keep his mind focused on the road, he counts each pothole he drives over until one makes him bounce in his seat and he looks in the rearview mirror to find a pair of dazzling blue eyes staring back at him. Feeling the heat rise to his cheeks, Dean quickly looks back at the road and clears his throat.
Deciding to give the angel a piece of his mind out of the park, Dean furiously pulls out his wallet and throws out the money in cash, and mutters "Keep the change."
"It is currently eight-thirty and forty seconds, forty-one, forty-two, forty-" Vanessa cuts Castiel off. "Okay wise guy, I get it," Vanessa chuckles making Castiel grin, his feathers puff up around.
"Well then, we'll just have to do some research on it, until then I am going to go and take a much-needed shower then probably sleep," Sam says, glancing at Vanessa.
Vanessa looks at Sam with a large grin, "oh Sam, I never choke" she picks up her burger as Dean mirrors it and they start their little race. As Vanessa and Dean scarf down their food, Bobby takes the time to steal some of their fries
He looks through it to make sure nothing is lost and thankfully nothing is, he closes the car door and joyfully walks up to the porch. Knocking on the door as Sam rings the doorbell, he hears low growls that are hopefully Vanessa's pet dragons.
"I don't have the best control over them," he sighs and turns his head to look at her. Castiel's electric blue eyes crinkle from the cracked TV light, his soft-looking lips are pulled into a small smile, as his cheeks are dusted with red.
As soon as the door closes behind him, Dean rests his back on it and takes a deep breath, the cold Bunker air makes him shiver as he pushes against the door as starts towards the kitchen, not spotting his brother anywhere.
"Dean will probably want to stay with you while change," Cas says shifting nervously, almost as if he wants to add something.
That makes the angel pause for a second, he strokes his chin and grumbles to himself. "He isn't here, but I want to wait for later."
She groans and slowly sits up, with her eyes still closed. "What?" She mumbles, resting her face on her hand.
"I don't understand how you could drive in silence" Vanessa mutters as she fiddles with the volume. She smiles as a Led Zeppelin song comes on.
"You might wanna wash them, they still reek of vampire blood," Vanessa says as she scrunches her nose.
Sliding over to their pantry, Dean plucks a half-empty box of pancake mix and sets it on the counter. He balances the egg carton and milk in both hands before pouring the right amount of ingredients into a large mixing bowl. Then he adds the "secret ingredient" (a splash of vanilla extract) before mixing it all.
Vanessa can't help but laugh. "What? It's not that dumb of a question okay?" Dean frowns and rubs the rock.
Vanessa clears her throat, "Hello ma'am, my name is Alice Flores, me and my partner, James Hopson, are with the FBI and we are here to talk to Sarah Winston, is she here?"
"I get that, I just don't understand how an angel with no understanding of a monopoly is beating our asses," Dean turns away from Vanessa's touch. "I forgot how much I hate that fucking game."
"An incubator," Vanessa smiles and looks down at the egg. "That reminds me, should it be a girl or a boy?"
"We have to go through the library Dean," Sam sighs, finally looking away from his laptop to wearily glance and Tim beside him. "We have to figure out what you are," he says to Tim. "And-err-and deal with you...umm.. appropriately."
"Why? I've seen the better half of you, and I don't give a damn if you change out here anyway," Vanessa mumbles as shuffles to her dresser.
"Is this the equivalent of you proposing to me?" Dean looks up at Vanessa, with a serious look on his face.
Dean subconsciously lifts his arm and smells himself, he shrugs when he doesn't smell anything. "You reek of dead fish that's been left in the sun of a week, "
"Wow Sam," Vanessa examins whatever was in the bag, Dean and Castiel missed her reaction as she pulled it out and Sam never told him what he got her. "It's amazing."
"Look what I found," Dean says smugly. He watches Sam scan the man up and down not caring about the fact that he is naked.
Once she fills them with different drinks, she takes a sip from her mug as she hands Dean his drink. He takes a breath in and the smell of coffee fills his lungs as he takes a long sip of the hot drink.
"Your tail, it's gorgeous!" Dean exclaims as Vanessa lifts her torso onto the tiles, she cringes when her scales rub against the tiles.
"It's par-" Dean interrupts Castiel. "Don't you tell me it's part of the damn game! I don't understand how you of all people are beating the shit out of us!"
I had fun writing this one, next one will probably be up in two weeks like last time, but uh yeah, I hope y'all enjoyed it, and feel free to leave any comments and kudos! I will try to reply as quickly as I can!
The gift is wrapped in gold wrapping paper with a neat purple bow on it, and it's the size and shape of a pineapple with no leaves. "Can I shake it?" She looks at her dad.
At the sound of wings beats they slowly pull apart, Dean watches Vanessa lick her lips before he turns away to face Castiel.
"I thought it was fine to come a day early," Castiel looks at a bag in his hand, his large obsidian wings neatly fold against his back. "I hope you're fine with–" Castiel cuts himself off when he looks up at Vanessa and Dean. "Did I interrupt something?"
Dean closes the leatherback book and places it next to the pile of books that he read on the coffee table in front of him, he stands up and stretches. He shuffles to the kitchen looking for something to drink, in the back of his head the thought of drinking blood rises then quickly gets destroyed as he gets a cup of water.
"But you know, we won the war, we got to keep our territory and our kingdom entered the golden age after that, " Vanessa explains with a sad smile, almost as if she was there when it happened.
"Got it," the waiter jots down Dean's order on his little notepad and looks to Sam. "And for you hot stuff?"
"Whatever," Vanessa mutters as all of her fight leaves her, tired of arguing she crosses her arms and looks down at the ground.
"Technically he's only beating the shit out of you two," Sam smirks, watching Dean's entire face go red.
"W-what," she says as she stops coughing. "You didn't see the one painting of.." She trails off as Cas nods.
"Same," Dean replies. He takes the first swig of his drink and sighs, feeling the cold liquid go down his throat. This will either be a good night or a bad night depending on this game, and Dean loves it.
"The smell? I had assumed since you've been somewhat turned you'd have sharper senses, " Vanessa matters to herself as she hops off the stool and walks over to the cabinet by the over the stove cabinet. She pulls out glass cups with kids and walks back to the pot.
"As a siren, I can mimic anyone's voice. And as a witch with waaay too much magic, I can make myself look like anyone" Vanessa explains with a grin.
Now that the man is standing and alive, Dean can't help but scan him. He is muscular but not in the bodybuilder way, a few small cuts and scrapes adorned his body as well some dark bruises.
"But we can worry about that when we get home," Dean grumbles. "And after we get him settled, and some clothes of his own, and a nap."
Pluto purrs as Dean starts lightly scratching in between his large ram horns. "Anything else we should know about you? Do you have more dragons? Any...umm...half horse half fish shit?" Dean asks.
Vanessa makes a noise in the back of her throat and spits in the water, she then plucks a strand of her pink hair and throws it into the water. The pot makes a weird gurgling noise and it turns into a dark yellow almost brown color.
"Okay walk through the, no, through the door," Dean says as he tries to lead Vanessa through it, she stumbles out the door and starts sings 'Sweet Caroline'
Vanessa smiles warmly at them. "No, but whenever someone mentions fish I get excited, but...um...just to let you know, I like salmon."
"You're so beautiful, you know that?" Dean hums, planting a kiss on Vanessa's wet hair. "And I can't believe you are all mine," he pulls her closer to his bare chest, leaving another kiss on her right temple.
Dean slowly pulls up to the cabin, parking 'Baby' next to the stone path that connects the cabin to a dock on the lake. Vanessa steps out and takes a deep breath in. The smell of trees that surrounds the lake, creatures in those woods, and water fill her nose.
His eyes slowly adjust to the darkness to make out the shape of Vanessa. She is leaning on the headboard with her knees pulled close to her. Her yellow eyes seem to be scanning something in her lap, but they keep flickering from him to what's in her lap.
Dean quietly runs up the wooden stairs, debating if he should take Vanessa's offer and try to sleep in her room or go back to the guest bedroom.
"Wow, that is impressive," Dean says over the music. The sound of wing beats barely make it over the music, "what did I walk into?" Castiel asks.
After twenty minutes and multiple good songs later, Dean pulls into a large suburb and every house has white picket fences and tire swings in each tree. Dean sighs as he turns left to another long road. "Okay, it's house 507, there 500, 501..." Dean mutters as he slowly drives down the road, he finally spots house 507 and notices that's it the only house that doesn't have a minivan or a tire swing in the front yard; in fact, it's the only house with a birch tree by the road, mostly dead grass, and no car in the driveway.
"I'll get us some beers and burgers, " Vanessa starts to stand up as Sam and Bobby say no to the burger, but Dean happily says yes.
Dean chooses the latter and walks past the bed and heads downstairs. He sets the bag of goods on the coffee table in the living room, he has everything he needs laying on the floor.
"Who are you?" The man asks as he stands to his feet. Dean notices that he is not much taller than he is.
"We have knives specifically for killing vamps in the trunk," Sam says, standing and moving out of the way.
"This isn't lame! Did you not just hear me saying how wonderful this is?" Vanessa glances at Dean with a bewildered smile on her face. "You brought me to catch fish! And to hang out, of course, but this is the best date I've been on so far. Even better than the rock show, I went to a couple of years back."
When she is done, she combs through that spot again to find that she had accidentally pulled out a feather. Vanessa holds it in the fingers, it's as long as her forearm but not long enough to be one of Castiel's primary feathers. Vanessa turns to look at him in horror, but his entire face is beet red, and he seems to be squinting at the TV.
Castiel sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose, this has been the third drunk question in a row that Vanessa has come up with. While the drinks Vanessa has pushed his way made it bearable to answer these questions, they just keep coming.
the witch, no need for blood," Vanessa says, taking a bite out of her sausage link. "Then, I don't know, we could have some fun, celebrate, and whatnot."
"Typical little brother, my dad always made me take Sam wherever I went too, it was nice a little bit until he got annoying real quick," Dean tells Vanessa with a smile.
Vanessa can't help but giggle until Dean puts that to an end and starts tormenting her gills once more, Vanessa moans and wraps her legs around Dean's waist, allowing him to carry her back to the cabin.
All she does is smile as she continues at a slow and steady pace. With her free hand, that's not wrapped around the rest of Dean's cock, she softly runs her long nail across his balls and cups them, making him shiver. Vanessa starts humming an unrecognizable cheerful tune as Dean grabs her hair and bucks his hips up into her mouth.
"C-Castiel?" Vanessa turns her head to find Castiel, his gorgeous blue eyes are glowing faintly in the darkness. Images of the dream slowly come back to her, tears fill her eyes as she remembers seeing Dean dead in his sleep and Castiel covered in his insides.
She slows her pace as Dean starts getting closer and closer. So much so that she has started to lick the length instead of putting it in her mouth, Dean lets out a low whine as she licks one clean line to his sensitive slit and continues to slowly take him in her mouth. It's not long until Dean's right on the edge, Vanessa smiles sweetly at him "I'll stop teasing, " she says before sliding him perfectly in her mouth and down her throat.
"Vanessa," Dean starts "I don't think that's a good-" he gets cut off by her phone ringing and takes another sip of his tea.
The largest one slowly walks past Vanessa and walks to Sam, his light blue scales catch the sunlight from the large windows, making it look like glittery ice. Sam doesn't make any noise but moves closer to Dean as the dragon tries to sniff him, his large ram-like horns nearly stab Sam's arm. The smaller one ignores the brother and jumps on the couch to lay on Bobby, who sighs and starts scratching their head.
Vanessa perfectly hums along to one of her favorite songs, she has heard it so many times that she knows exactly how it starts and ends, when the guitar solo will start, and when it'll end. She can even mimic how the singer will sing the words, while that part comes from her being part siren, it impresses people and her self.
"Soorry, I kneew y'all were coomin' tooday but I thought it woould be much lateer," Vanessa smiles and wraps her hands around his back. "I shoould have wookeen up earlieer to greet yoou."
"Oh, Vanessa usually sleeps past noon. I guess it's a siren thing since her brother and her mom's side of the family does it too," Daniel says, "I tried to get her out of that habit, but all I did was make it to where she wakes up earlier when she has guests."
"Have you talked to her yet?" Sam semi whispers. Dean thinks of a smartass response but decided against it, "about what?"
Feeling sweat form from how hot it is in the room, Vanessa doesn't put the temperature as high to make it male. Vanessa sighs and wipes her forehead, hearing the soft hum from the incubator, She makes sure that the door is locked before stepping into the cool living room.
"I would like it, but you don't have to get it for me," Castiel says, reaching to take the necklace from Dean's hand. Dean recoils and turns to the counter.
While they wait for dinner time to roll around, Dean suggests that they escape the heat by swimming, to which Vanessa quickly agrees.
"I am assuming you asked zomething, and correct me if I am vrong, but zoday is Zhursday, June 3, my birthday/hatchday," Vanessa guesses.
But I hope y'all enjoy and leave a comment/kudos and please don't stay up longer reading this...unless you're in a different time zone than me and it's daytime for you...Anyways enjoy!
"I...um.." Dean quickly looks at her microwave that says its currently 6:35. "Yes, I'm fine. Uhh, Sam is in your shower, and you look nice too" he nervously says.
"Iz zeemet like you veren't having a very pleasant dream, zo I pulled you out of itz," she announces. "Do you vanna zalk about itz?" She looks away.
Daniel sits on the other couch away from them after he closes the door, he pats his leg and calls Malachite away from the bags. "So how long have you known my daughter?" He asks as he scratches her head.
Sam takes the last bite of his breakfast as Cas walks into the kitchen with his wings spread out wide. "You have a nice house," he says as he takes the seat next to Vanessa.
He looks at the bed, Vanessa has covered her entire body except for her face, her whole body tenses up and she squeezes her eyes close and lets out a small whimper. Dean watches her snake her arm out of the blanket cocoon and feels around the nightstand, once she finds what she is looking for Vanessa quickly reels in her arm and sighs, her whole body relaxes.
Dean tilts his head as the scent becomes stronger and heat dances across his face. "Happy Birthday Dean!" Sam and Castiel cheer.
"That was unbelievable, I've never seen anyone eat that fast, and I live with Dean!" Sam says with a smile.
Dean watches as her cheeks turn pink, she hides some of it with her mug and she takes a sip. "It's, uh, I mean you'll find out eventually. Since it came today I'll show you later I guess."
"Alright then, " Vanessa says, grabbing two more slices of bread. Dean lovingly watches her as she makes three large sandwiches in silence.
Dean knew it was a good idea to come early, barely anyone is here! This is perfect, less shoving from impatient people and the animals are usually awake.
"Yes. It's a fruit and a romantic outing," Castiel says with a smile. "Sam explained what it is to me when you had to use the restroom, he asked how our date was going and I had asked what that was."
The man opens his mouth but all that comes out is gibberish. Noticing the confusion on Dean's face, the man furrows his brows and clears his throat. "What are you doing?"
They finish up their round in the reptile building and Castiel is spitting out facts about the animals he created as they leave the building. Dean squints at the bright light, wishing for sunglasses, his eyes slowly adjust as they make their way to the building across from them.
"Do you remember anything about the wings? Or the crash?" Sam asks as he grabs his can of beans, thank god Dean decided to bring extra.
"I'm sorry, Dean, I don't have much control over them as one might think," Castiel mumbles. "And they do not like this bird."
A little bell jingles as they step into the well-air-conditioned building, the smell of hot dogs and coffee hit Dean pleasantly, immediately they head for the little snack aisle. Dean grabs a little bag of beef jerky and leaves Tim to grab a drink. The cold air from the gas station's fridge makes Dean shiver as he grabs a soda then turns around to not find Tim where he left him.
"H-hi" Dean says nervously, not wanting to make a fool of himself. Dean takes his time to look at her. Her round nose seems to be twitching in annoyance, and her gorgeous plump lips are pulled into a hard line. Dean looks past her face, which clearly reads "fuck off, I might be busy, it is Saturday", and at her clothes. Her shirt says something about saving rhinos and her pajama pants seems to be glowing purple.
"Wait a minute, that back there was something you do every time?" Sam asks as he closes the door behind him.
She stays like that until Vanessa feels the bed shift behind her. She quickly looks over her shoulder to see Dean slowly waking up.
Vanessa sighs, deciding to take the bag in with Dean, she skips up to the cabin. It's a small one-story house with a stone bottom and dark wood outside. A couple of windows dot the walls and a large dark door beckons for her to enter.
The front desk area is huge, next to the door is the desk and behind it is a large fake waterfall. Vanessa walks up to the desk, anxious to get checked in, and then to the lake. It's not late enough to actually be heading there, but Vanessa is too anxious not to. This is gonna be a long hunt.
Dean opens his mouth to answer but closes it instead. "I don't know, I was kinda hoping you could decide?"
"Fine." She says quickly, a little too quickly for Dean's liking, her hands quickly go to her neck and she starts fiddling with something around her neck. "I didn't wake up at all," she whispers, looking away from Castiel's gaze.
Vanessa kneels in front of Sam, moving his shirt out of the way and peeling off the bandage to find his cut nearly healed. "I never expected it to heal this fast" Sam says as he watches her hover her glowing hand of his wound and mutter words.
Castiel is at a counter next to another entrance/exit, looking at a metal tree that has necklaces and bracelets dangling from each branch.
She peels off of the bloody clothes and her underwear and walks into the now steamy bathroom. She places the clean clothes on the counter next to the shower. She pulls back the shower curtain and steps in, ignoring the blistering water. Vanessa looks down at her legs, noticing that there are big red splotches all over them. Indicating that a full moon is coming or the water is too hot.
"Thanks for the help Dean," Vanessa says as she stands up with the wet shirt in her hand. "My dragons like to eat shirts and only shirts, hopefully, my new one doesn't follow in the footsteps of these dumb assholes."
"That's an explanation for another day, let's go and celebrate, please?" Vanessa says as she puts her knife back in her shoe and sighs.
Vanessa rests her head on Castiel's shoulder and moves even closer to him. His fluffing black wings wrap around her as she plants a wet kiss onto his hot neck.
Dean snaps back to attention and rubs his tired face, he looks back at the book he was reading, it was something about sirens and the way they shift into their fishy form. Dean decided that it was important to read, but halfway through he lost interest, which is also why he leaves most of the research to Sam.
"So what we're you guys talkin' about? And can I have that?" Dean asks and points at her untouched drink. Vanessa nods and hands it to them, he takes a big sit of it and coughs. "Doesn't taste the same" he grumbles.
"Thank you, this is our first date," Castiel beams. Dean freezes and turns to look at Castiel in horror. Embarrassment turns to anger as Dean stands there trying to come up with something to say.
"I can never understand how you do it," Dean mumbles as he shuffles his way into the kitchen. Making his way towards the partly full coffee maker, Dean pours himself a cup and adds a little bit of creamer to it.
"If I ever settle down, I'm getting one of these" Dean tells Bobby as Pluto starts licking his fingers with his black forked tongue.
Vanessa was close behind Dean for the first half until the weight of the towel around annoyed her and she dropped it on the ground, she quickly catches up to Dean who is standing on the dock grinning.
When she does, the smell of dust makes her wrinkle her nose. It's a basic layout, the door is in the living room like her one house, a blue couch faces a large stone fireplace and a little beyond that is a counter with stools.
Vanessa scans the email through tears again to find a city name, she curses under her breath when she finds that it's not in the same city. She'll just have to find a nice hotel to stay in, which is okay with her.
"Fine. I'll help, as long as we can celebrate afterward." She announces, she winks at Dean who lightly blushes at the gesture.
"I've never seen you concerned about any of us, the newbie must be someone very special" she giggles.
"I'm so glad your here, getting out of the pool with a tail is a bitch," Vanessa says as he pulls her tail out of the water, it lands on the cold tile with a wet smack and then Castiel gently lowers the rest of her.
"We're almost halfway there, I say we hit up a gas station then head straight home," Dean turns to face Sam and Tim. "Sounds good or no?"
On the coffee table is a bag that smells like heaven, she grabs it and pulls out its contents. A large foiled wrapped sandwich and a medium container of fries. "Thanks, Sam," Vanessa says, wasting no time tearing off the wrapper. Both Sam and Cas watch in awe as Vanessa devours her sandwich and fries.
Dean doesn't move cause he knows they'll come over here eventually. Sam's heavy breathing gets louder and louder as they get closer.
"Don't know much about you angels but I've met a few, to the point where I melted down a couple of let over angel blades to make my two-handed sword," Vanessa says very proudly as she brushes a strand of her pink hair behind her ear.
"I wouldn't recommend it, " Bobby says "you'd have to feed 'em about two whole cows each a week. Not to mention the fact that they live for at least a couple hundred years"
"I vas reeding a buk Cas brought," Vanessa starts to explain. When Castiel was mentioned Dean's brows furrows, he knows what happened was just a stupid dream and no way does Vanessa like Castiel more than him, but what happened in the kitchen can't help but plant a little seed of doubt in his head. "And it's in German zo I jus have an accent. My nazural accent can change almosz immediazely and it happens a lot and it's annoying."
"Oh, zhe zime? It's like four forzyish?" Vanessa tilts her head, she looks back at him and shrugs. "Zhree chapters ago it was four o'clock so I'm jus guessing."
Vanessa tries to take a deep breath through the tears, but something is holding her down, making her feel trapped. Adrenaline rushes through her as she fights to break out of what's holding her, but Vanessa just gets pulled into something warm instead.
"No problem, I hope to work with you and your brother again, next time I won't offer your souls." Vanessa smiles at him and touches his arm, making Dean's face and neck heat up.
"Please..please...please" Sam pleads as he covers his crotch with his hand, hoping that Pluto doesn't step on it with his long, sharp, knife-like claws. Dean moves closer to the armrest of the couch as the large dragon moves closer to probably lick him. Instead, he nestles himself between the brothers, one wing-arm off the couch the other is curled underneath him. Pluto lays his tail cross Sam's lap and he rests his head on Dean's knee, his horns safely a few inches from Dean's side.
"Sounds good, " Vanessa mutters as she turns around and walks towards her kitchen. Cupboards being open and closed echoes through the quiet house as well as the sound of mugs hitting each other. Vanessa walks back with a yellow with black stripes mug. "I love tea in the morning," Vanessa sighs as she sits down in the living room chair a takes a sip of her tea.
Panic courses through her. Vanessa quickly lays back into bed and grabs the books she had the other night and puts the book into her lap.
"Alright. Okay, sounds good, it's fine sir, I'll take the new job, you can email me the info," Vanessa says before hanging up, she sighs then places her phone on the counter and takes the bacon off the stove.
"Not from what I remember. I bet I could find five right now," Vanessa eyes the lake, but she can barely see past her hips from the murky water. Her blueish-brown tail blending in seamlessly.
"You know, an old friend of mine said I should go on one of those talent shows, probably could enchant the judges and win," Vanessa chuckles as she glances out of the window. Fields of wildflowers pass them in a colorful blur.
"Sit back, relax, and if you touch my gills, I will leave you here alone, " Vanessa glares at him, she pulls down his borrowed pajama pants to the floor, and starts rubbing his rock hard cock through his boxers with her palm. She carefully pulls off the boxers, exposing him to the cold air, and she wraps her hand around his length and starts to slowly go up and down, careful not to scratch him with her long nails.
"I can always make you a birthday pie or I could be persuaded to make you a birthday cake," Dean wiggles his eyebrows at Vanessa making her smile.
"Well technically," Castiel starts, and Dean sighs, stuffing the now-folded map in his pocket as Castiel drones on about the different ways you can hurt yourself by walking.
Dean watches her, not caring if Sam or Castiel will judge him, but once she bends down to take her pants off he gets a face full of inky black feathers. "Cas!" Dean cries as he tries to keep the soft feathers out of his mouth, "what the hell are you doing! Ack!" He spits out a feather.
"Sounds good, I'll come," Bobby says as he walks towards the coffee table and picks up the book he was reading.
Dean shakes his head and turns back to the snake, which has slithered off into a log. Castiel softly grabs Dean's arm and pulls him to the next exhibit. Which he drones on about how the New Caledonian giant gecko (or a Leach's giant gecko) is the world's largest living gecko and many fun facts about geckos in general.
"That's because it's a hotel," Vanessa explains before taking a huge bite of the muffin. "I don't mind being in a motel, but if I could, I would spend the extra dollars to stay at someplace with free breakfast."
Once Vanessa steeps inside, all the spells come crashing down on her, she tries to show it's not bothering her but it is giving her a major migraine.
"It is my fault, if I hadn't been as cocky as i was, I would have gotten her and we would be bringing her in as we speak."
Dean puts the keys into the ignition and smiles as the engine rumbles. He rummages through his cassette tape box and puts on the first one he grabs, which happens to be Metallica's black album. He hums the song as he backs out of Vanessa's empty driveway happily, hoping to find a nearby store that is open and still sells fresh fish.
"Hey take Tim with you, I'm sure he'll need to go," Dean pushes Tim to Sam, who stumbles before following him. Dean lingers to watch them walk to the back, Tim adjusts the sweat pants Sam threw at him as he enters the restroom.
"They're big, umm, soft-looking, and black or blue" Dean quickly says. All three of them look to Cas for answers, who instead pulls in his large wings and freezes in place.
"Do you know one of the best things about dating as a siren? I could have multiple mates! Yeah, that's right, I could have sixteen, you know what fuck that I could have a hundred!" Vanessa exclaims while a hundred would be a lot, yes, but it is possible.
Dean scrubs his face with his hands. "Was there wings?" Tim asks seriously, his eyes watching Dean's phone sternly.
Hello guys and gals! The next chapter is here as promised! And I still don't have a clear posting schedule but it will probably be every other Thursday, but just in case if you want any updates go follow my writing account on Tumblr rando-fandom-drabbles.tumblr.com I'll be posting the chapters up there as well!
If you wanna ask me any questions you can do so here or over at blueberryrock.tumblr.com I post art and stuff over there, like the bee paintings I have in front of me right now! And my writing tumble is the one up top! So go follow me over there and I will see y'all next time!
"Please, please," she quietly croaks as she wiggles furiously, digging her blunt nails into what's holding her. Finally, something groans behind her and she's free. Vanessa launches herself out of the bed and onto the shaky feet.
As he waits for the two pans to warm up, Dean quickly cleans up any leftover mess and pulls out a pack of bacon. He hums a tune as the pans finally get hot enough and he lays the first strip of bacon down, his stomach growling as he hears the sizzle.
"I can assure you that Vanessa is not lying, you have to come with us," Castiel says, glaring back at her.
I mainly post Lord of the Rings stuff now, but I'm sure if you ask or say hello, I can and probably will talk about spn lol.
"Did you drink a lot last night? Damn, if you did I should have driven earlier to join you," Dean jokes making Vanessa smile.
They quickly finish their food and throw away their trash. Once everyone sits back down they start talking about their plans for tomorrow.
With that Castiel walks off to find something to do as everyone else finishes their food. "Since Cas is back I think I'm ready," Vanessa says, taking everyone's plate.
"Considering I had to drink two more bottles of wine, it's a damn good painting. Now, let me check your wounds and we'll plan a rescue mission for Dean," Vanessa says as she cracks her knuckles. Sam stands up and they all walk to the living room, Cas and Sam sit on the couch and start unbuttoning their shirts.
"I forgot to introduce myself, I am Sarah's grandma, Maggie. So tell me, why are two feds looking for her?" Maggie says, taking a seat on the black couch.
"We're stopping at a gas station on the way home," Dean quickly says, putting the keys into the ignition and back out of the small parking lot and back onto the main road.
Vanessa's eyes slowly open, look straight up at the ceiling. She groans and turns to look at her phone, ignoring any notifications. Her phone's clock reads
Vanessa sighs trying to sit up as much as she can, and squeezes the water out of her hair. When Castiel comes back with towels the wind blows a heavenly scent towards her.
"Okay move, I need to walk inside" she smiles as the dragons start intensely sniffing where she wiped the blood off. "It went fine, I made the classic offer of dragon hearts and whoever I'm with's soul. Which thankfully you boys have" she says as she collapses on the empty couch.
Dean rolls on his heels as locks from the inside unlock. The door opens and a drop-dead gorgeous bright pink-haired woman pops her head out. Her beautiful chocolatey brown eyes look them up and down before she croaks out "What?"
"We're here," Dean says, trying to mask his excitement by getting out. He stretches out his back and groans as it pops a few times. He closes the door and stuffs his keys in his back pocket. Before he heads for the door, Dean opens the back door and pulls out a bag.
She pushes the door open quietly, the room is quite bare, with a queen bed facing the door, a large dresser against one wall, and a small bookshelf against the other. Cas is currently sitting on the bed, his large black wings protectively wrapped around Dean. Vanessa motions that she has the potion and closes the door behind her, using her magic to lock it.
"It's not that bad, " Vanessa smiles "it's just that I lived in this house the longest, I don't like that cold, and I'm more accustomed to it, besides it has a pool and you know how important that is to me"
Dean pulls out their map to find that they missed the moose exhibit, maybe they can make a full circle and get a good picture of one for Sam.
"I've gotta pack for my bounty Dean, but when I come back...we'll have to do something," Vanessa grins as she moves to get up.
As they make their way downstairs, Vanessa remembers when she first got Pluto and Malachite. It felt like only a couple hundred years ago when Lir surprised her with Pluto's pale blue egg as her dad surprised her with Malachite's neon green and black egg. That was such a fun hatchday, and it was so long ago but Vanessa still remembers.
Dean rubs his fingers against the table, feeling Castiel's eyes on him, he glances over at him. "So what's your present?"
She looks up, past the coffee table and her sword, to the digital clock on her TV stand. In big bold letters, it read
"I love all blues! Light blue, greenish-blue, muddy blue, and the gorgeous shade of bluish-black that Cas' wings are" Dean says, surprising everyone.
She pauses right in front of the kitchen. Sam has already woken up and is currently looking at things on his laptop, while Dean is cooking delicious smelling food while singing a little off-key.
Vanessa freezes for half a second then smoothly says, "oh...um, me? I don't know a few years younger than you? I lost track after some time, sirens don't really celebrate birthdays but my dad does, I normally just buy myself a cupcake and call it a day,"
Dean watches her slowly bend down and pick up her bra, she slowly sways her hips as she walks to her discarded shirt. She slowly puts it and opens and looks back at Dean. "Did you want something to eat too? Like a sandwich or something?" Vanessa asks with a smile.
Vanessa starts to put more of him in her mouth, taking as much of Dean's large cock in her warm mouth and barely down her throat. Pleasure surges through Dean as she starts to move her head up and down sucking gently and using her wonderful tongue. "Fuck Vanessa, " Dean grunts.
"I knew he made wasps, those things are assholes like their creator," Dean mutters angrily. He doesn't mind bees, all they want is to protect their hive while wasps are just plain assholes. "What do wasps eat? I've seen 'em eat wood and shit but I've always wondered what they actually eat."
He scolds himself as he checks over the unconscious guy. His black hair is short and sticking in every direction, and the ends seem to be singed. Unfortunately, he is not wearing any clothes, so Dean tries not to look in that area.
"Thanks," Vanessa mutters as she gets her legs out, she looks down at her destroyed tail in disgust, it's a gross smelly husk that has turned a very ugly brown. With a snap of her fingers, it disappears and Vanessa wraps one of the towels around her and grabs the others.
"I-I have to a-avenge th-hem, all of th-hem" she wails, she runs at them with a lamp in her hand, but before she could do anything to them Cas appears in front of her. She yelps and tries to hit him with the lamp but he grabs her hand, and with one clean slice of Cas' angel blade, her head falls clean off and onto the ground.
"Yeah, you were layin' in the middle of these big ass wings. They looked burned and your hair was smoking a bit," Dean confesses. Sam hands him his can with a spoon, Dean exaggerates blowing on it and Tim rolls his eyes.
She glances at her surroundings, the bottom of her deep pool is barren like most, but instead of just a concrete bottom it also has a thick layer of sand so it's much more comfortable to fall asleep on.
"Zhat's not gud Dean, but from zhe zories zhat I have heard, I'm not too zurprised," Vanessa mutters. She turns to put the book in her lap away then turns back to Dean. "Do you vant zo cuddle and be zhe little spoon?"
She sighs, placing the long two-handed sword that she's been trying to distract herself with by polishing onto the round coffee table in front of her. She looks at her phone thats playing the music and grabs it, she leans on the armrest it was sitting on and turns off the song. She opens the messaging app her phone came with and scroll through her contacts. She stops scrolling when she almost reaches the bottom, she stares at the name.
The second she gets her steak knife teeth on a sleeve, she takes running with it in her mouth. "Malachite no," Vanessa yells, she climbs over Sam and starts chasing after her. "Get back here you lil shit."
Settling down at one of the tables, Dean cracks open the first book. It was something about greater demons and the ways they can appear.
"Dammit!" Vanessa yells again, kicking a rock into the street. Her headache from all the spells starts to fade away as Vanessa rubs her temples.
