The sign above the restaurant's door depicts a provocative pin-up style waitress holding a tray with “Tina’s” across the middle. He peers through the windows, lips twitching at the edges when he realizes nearly everything in this town is dated. He likes it, its contrast to the urban environment he's accustomed to.
, and I can't aptly express how thankful I am to her for bringing my vision of this scene to life. Check out more of her work
“Okay,” Dean whispers, pulling free to lie back on the pillows for the second time that night. He pushes the bottle into Castiel’s hand. “Okay... I’m ready.”
Eyes glued to the delectable way Cas fills out his jeans, Dean makes to leave and runs right into the closed door.
more, and he’s actually afraid for a second he's gonna vibrate right outta his skin, flayed open, bared to Cas, and vulnerable in a way he’s never been before. His eyes fill again with tears, lips tremble with the need to speak, to tell this man just how he craves, how he wants, how he
Rubbing his stubbled chin, Dean relents with a sigh. “I dunno what it is about this guy. He’s just… different.”
He grabs his phone from the nightstand, a clean pair of clothes from a still-unpacked box by the bed, and, holding them over his crotch, high-tails it to the bathroom, too embarrassed to look back.
“Well, well, well. Made it to the morning after?” Meg says, hovering at the edge of their table with a conspicuous glint in her brown eyes. “This one must be something special, huh?”
Within moments, Ellen approaches their table, lips pursed as she scans the unfamiliar man sitting with her (sorta) nephew-slash-adopted-stepson. She’s always been protective of him and Sammy, and knows Dean’s history, so she’s testy about anyone he shows interest in.
There’s a flash behind the other man's eyes Dean can’t quite decipher from this distance. Did he overstep? They did hang out at the Lodge a few times, ate together, watched what little was on rotation with the motel’s crappy cable setup. But maybe he’s not comfortable doing it here? Or maybe he’s still pissed? Christ, first night in and he’s fucked it all up—
A shiver runs down Dean’s spine, goosebumps following in its wake. His name, from those lips, in that voice. He shouldn’t like it as much as he does. What is it about this guy that's got him so worked up?
, he thinks, but then the thought weighs even heavier upon his shoulders. How empty would it feel, how lonely, just him and Claire and all these vacant rooms?
One foot in front of the other, he moves, the basket in his hand crashing to the floor. He scans the sea of heads in the checkout lanes for that tousled brown mop, the frumpy trench, but doesn’t see him. Running toward the exit, he finds it’s drizzling outside, a humid summer rain. Dean crosses the threshold without a second thought, dashing through the parking lot, past Baby, to the corner of the street and there—head down, one arm hugging a plastic bag to his chest, the other in his pocket—walks Cas on the opposite side. A horn blares to his left and his hand slaps against the hood of someone’s silver sedan as it narrowly avoids bruising the shit out of his thigh, but he makes it across the street, eyes and lungs burning.
Dean stands, a plea on the tip of his tongue, but Cas is already turning away, mumbling a swift, “Goodbye,” over his shoulder. He thinks he sees a flicker of disappointment, sadness even, on his face but within seconds he’s through the door and gone. From the bar, and probably Dean’s life.
“Hey! I know you!” Ash says, grinning lazily. “Dude from the Lodge.” The two men sitting beside Ash on the porch steps look a bit wary beneath their glassy-eyed, genial smiles.
“So,” Gabe said, drawing the sound out long enough Castiel knew an uncomfortable question lay at the end. “How’re things going with the new fuckboy?”
, all gummy and beautiful, eyes crinkling, nose scrunched. Nobody but Cas could go from sexy to adorable, zero to sixty, in a second flat.
Cas finally blinks, slow and awed like that wasn’t the answer he expected. He smiles a little too, uttering a soft, “Maybe,” in response, but there’s a flicker of uncertainty in his eyes and Dean wonders again if the flirting is getting through. At least they have more privacy in the bar, not as many watchful eyes, and no more Meg leering at them.
He's straddling the line between Dick Tracy and overworked tax accountant; cheap black suit, white shirt, backward blue tie, and rumpled beige trench coat.
But that assured, commanding demeanor comes out in exactly two situations; battle and the bedroom, and it’s always a stark reminder that Cas is no ordinary man. A former multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent or whatever the fuck, Castiel is
He misses the guy enough to keep tabs on him throughout his workday. At first, he worried he’d come across as clingy, overbearing. Make his feelings too obvious. But if Cas thinks so, he says nothing.
“Hey, I’ve driven longer distances in less time,” Dean protested, though, yes, he didn’t want to leave just yet. He wanted more of the sun and warmth, more of the blue ocean, and he really would have freaking liked to know that last night with Alejandro would be the last, because what were the odds that he’d find someone with whom things were so uncomplicated and fun? But he also didn’t just want to… to abandon his brother like that, and the second the thought crossed his mind, he knew how ridiculous it was, but he couldn’t help it. “We could still enjoy the rest of the day and then really drive through the night. Take turns. Let you ride Baby one last time?”
It had never been an ordinary friendship between them, and in many ways, it never could have been, because the mere principle it was built on, had budded from, was anything but ordinary. An angel of the Lord, and a human, becoming besties just because they enjoyed each other’s company so much and shared some interests - well, that was a ludicrous thought.
It was amazing, too, seeing Cas look at him like this, and Dean wondered how often Cas had had to hide the emotion on his face, hold himself back. Not because he, like Dean, was repressing his feelings, ignoring them and not wanting to make that realization at all, but because he feared the Empty, or Dean’s rejection.
He allowed himself to sit there for a while, letting the tears come again until they slowly subsided, and he knew he had to pick himself up. Drying his eyes, Dean got up and went over to the kitchen. In the fridge, there were only two bottles of spring water. Dean would have liked something with flavor, not even necessarily beer, but there was nothing else. On the countertop, next to the electric kettle, there was a can with instant coffee and a selection of various teas. Dean had never been one to drink tea, but if he had any more coffee tonight, he might not sleep for the remainder of the night. He found something he’d never even heard of and decided to give it a go, and indeed, with a bit of sugar, the honeybush tea tasted fine.
“Just so you know,” he started softly, “if you want to talk about what you told me last night, you can.”
In the end, he did buy the gambler crease cowboy hat but also a straw sombrero, just for laughs and as a memento.
Cas shrugged faintly, and there was just the faintest trace of melancholy visible on his features, and Dean knew he was thinking about Jack. Dean squeezed his hand a little and briefly brought it up to his lips to kiss his knuckles.
Last chapter before the epilogue. Now I'm really curious what you think of this one ;-) Please let me know!
On his route up north, he eventually reached Monterey, and of course, he could not pass through that town without paying the renowned Monterey Bay Aquarium a visit. As was expected, the place was full of kids. Dean thought back to his own childhood with a pang of sorrow because their dad had hardly ever taken them to any such places. The few occasions he could remember had been short, rushed experiences, and more in passing when the occasion had presented itself rather than something he’d planned to do with his kids. There’d been a tiny, privately-owned aquarium which had been part of a hunt, and another time, a petting zoo just on the outskirts of a town they were staying at. While Sammy had gotten to pet some baby goats and ponies, Dean had been told he, at age ten, was too old for that.
The highway was winding uphills, framed by rocks and some scattered green bushes, and Dean stopped at the side of the road. The sun was sinking low now, almost fully set above a small canyon just about a hundred yards from the road. Dean went to its edge and sat down looking over the land that stretched out in front of him, and saw the dark and light layers reflecting in tones of red and brown and gold.
In the nearly two years they had been together, that had never changed - the fact that Dean desired Cas, couldn’t get enough of him. Despite some very early inhibitions, it had not taken them long to go all the way. Dean still remembered it like it had been yesterday. Their bodies close, naked skin touching everywhere. Cas writhing underneath him, arms and legs wrapped around Dean as they both had come undone almost simultaneously.
“Sorry, did I wake you?” Alejandro asked, a small smirk forming on his lips that was positively mischievous, “You know, if I wear you out or anything, you just have to--”
Admittedly, the area they were currently driving through didn’t look very inviting - there were some small buildings scattered along the main road left and right, framed with bush and grassland, and the beach nowhere in sight, but Dean was not going to give into Sam that easily. They had already been driving through Mexico for roughly eight hours now, and Dean didn’t want to make another stop before finally reaching their destination.
The other man looked at him with concern clearly written on his features, brows furrowed, lips slightly opened as he took Dean in. Then his gaze found the bottle and the glass on the counter, and his brow furrowed in more concern and confusion.
“Still not the craziest thing we’ve come across in all these years. Wait ‘til I get to the part where our foster-son, who’s the literal spawn of Satan, Lucifer, is now God.” And maybe that had been a bit too much to reveal on the first occasion, but there was a part of Dean that just ached to talk about all these things like it was something normal, with someone who wasn’t directly involved in all of it.
“Never doubted it,” Sam said after a moment, and Dean briefly wondered whether he referred to him using protection or being an idiot. “I just wanted to see your face.”
“Just now,” Sam replied just as Dean also spotted the green liquid in a transparent plastic cup that stood in front of Sam, next to another plastic bag which he assumed - hoped - was breakfast for him.
He sat down at the foot of his bed, the jacket on his lap, and his fingers carefully ran over the handprint, barely touching as to not disturb it. And suddenly, his heart cramped up in his chest, and a wrecked, breathless sob escaped him. It came from deep within his gut, cutting off his air, and ripping through him with a force he had not expected. He clutched the jacket to his chest as if to hug it, as if to hug a piece of Cas, but it was barely a substitute. Too thin, too cool to the touch, not alive and breathing, no scent of him, and no trace of his voice. There was nothing left of Cas. He was truly gone, this time irrevocably gone, and it hit Dean fully for the first time.
He breathed through the tears that had started to run down his cheeks; both cursing the fact that he hadn’t taken more photos, or videos even, and not knowing whether he’d even be able to look at them, whether he’d
Dean grabbed the steaming mug and opened the door to the patio, stepping out into the night. There were faint lights scattered all along the shore of the lake, and the night was clear, crisp, and cold. Up above, he could see the stars, could clearly make out the constellations that he knew.
So he lay down on his back - sunglasses on because, even with his eyes closed, it was just too damn bright, and Sam didn’t say anything anymore.
Dean was still thinking about this when he had put his phone away and gotten ready for the night, not quite yet tired enough to sleep. His thoughts automatically drifted from Charlie, Garth, and others to Cas. He had always called Cas his best friend, and in many ways that was true, but in many others, it wasn’t. What he and Cas had shared - so much was clear to him now - had always been something different, always skirted along the edges of something much deeper, and sometimes something a little… well, messed up.
“Also, my hair’s not quite long enough yet to comb it with a fork,” he said then, smirking, and saw Alejandro roll his eyes in amusement.
This time, the reply didn’t come instantly, and Dean went back to his Netflix, briefly contemplating just rewatching any of the old Star Trek series, but for some reason, he couldn’t really make up his mind.
Alejandro turned once more with a laugh, gave Dean one thumb up, and then waded into the water, submerging just a few seconds later and swimming out in a moderately paced crawl.
“Now I understand why he also seemed upset when he asked me how I’d feel about topping. We haven’t exactly reached that point in our intimacy yet. I thought he was referring to frosting or cream on the pie we were eating, so I said I’d prefer it as it was.”
It was a bit of a surprise when, after one of the remaining two had temporarily incapacitated Sam with a heavy punch and then both of them having pinned Dean down on the floor, he got to meet another member of the nest, and, after a moment’s pondering, recognised her as Jenny, a girl they had failed to save from a bunch of vamps back fourteen or fifteen odd years ago or so. They didn’t have time to exchange any pleasantries or unpleasantries for long. While the two male vampires still held Dean, Sam came up from behind and cut off Jenny’s head with a clean blow, and the fight commenced.
“Ah, finally some peace and quiet,” he said as they both reached the car and got in. Dean let the stillness linger for a moment before he started the engine. He couldn’t exactly say he disliked having the bunker full of people these days - so full of life and activity, much more than when it was just him, Sam, Jack and…
A moment later, Sam was at their side, disbelief in his tone as much as was in Dean’s when he uttered their friend’s name. When Dean reluctantly let go, it was Sam who wrapped Cas in a bone-crushing hug.
Had someone, in the past, asked him to pick an element, Dean probably would have, without giving it too much thought, said fire. Fire was impulsive, raw, and powerful, and in many ways, that felt fitting. If he
Finally, the door opened completely, and a guy came out. He was roughly Sam’s age or maybe a bit younger and was carrying a beer keg which he put down behind the bar. “Hola, uh, sorry, I was just getting some beer. What can I do for you guys?” he asked in impeccable English, his accent noticeable but subtle.
One muggy August evening, Dean finds himself in the middle of the freezer aisle at the grocery store, staring blankly at the same row of pizzas for going on ten minutes. His basket is full of stereotypical lonely bachelor staples. Frozen dinners and burritos. Ramen cups. Canned soup and chili. Crap he surprisingly didn’t eat much of before, because he’s always loved to cook. Lately, however, he can’t find the motivation to touch the stove, opting instead for quick fixes the rare times he remembers to eat at all.
Having never heard Dean so unabashed and beautifully himself, Castiel swallows the filthy, delicious sounds Dean makes with delight.
Whining with the need to taste the little bead of precome glistening at its tip, Dean licks his lips and murmurs, “Shit, Cas, you look so fucking good. I want to suck you so bad. Wanna feel you.”
With that, he shoulders the car door open and locks it, setting the phone on vibrate and slipping it into his back pocket.
“Uh-huh,“ Benny hums, disbelief coloring his tone. He sips the lone glass of Mint Julep he’s been nursing for the better part of an hour, eyeing Dean over the rim. “This have anything to do with loverboy next door?”
Just then Charlie sidles up next to Jo, waving a cherry popsicle. “There you are!” She gives Dean and Cas each a one-handed hug, grinning brightly. “Come on, Bobby’s already got the grill going. You promised us your famous burgers!” she says, pointing the popsicle at Dean.
“Already have?” She pauses, turning briefly to find Cas staring at them both. Flushing brightly, she offers a timid wave and faces Dean again. “What did you do?” she says in an accusatory tone.
It’s about two hours before he has to get up for work; he’d planned to go in a little early so he could get out in time to help prepare for the party that evening. The house is silent under the relaxing
With an endless stream of repaired engines, replaced batteries, changed alternators, fixed brakes, etcetera, Dean’s days more or less blur together as they always have. He loves the work, though. Loves fixing things with his hands, seeing the fruits of his efforts, feeling useful. But he can’t prevent the longing for more stirring under the surface like the current beneath a frozen river, the nagging sense that something is
He hastily grabs his things, heads to the bathroom, brushes his teeth, and strips down to his skivvies while debating whether or not to test the waters. This… this
Cas' smile immediately softens at the edges. “Dean has told me much about you. It's always a pleasure to meet his friends.” The statement tugs at Dean’s heart, and he can’t help the fond glance he gives the other man in return.
” voice in a register lower than he's ever heard it. He gets right in his face, one eyebrow arched, jaw rigid, such righteous indignation in his stare that it makes Dean feel small even though he's got two damn inches on the guy, and it's so unlike Cas’ usual demeanor it almost gives Dean mental whiplash.
By the time he approaches the cab, Claire is awake, yowling, and angry. He sheepishly ducks into the backseat and attempts to soothe her. “My apologies,” he tells the driver. ”I need to get to the Eden Lodge back in town.”
Castiel’s arm shoots out. His long fingers wrap around Dean’s wrist, the skin of his palm hot and so soft it gives Dean chills again. “Don't worry. I like it... from you.”
Dean shakes his head like a dog, a fine spray of water coating the steering wheel in front of him and Cas laughs, holding up a hand to shield himself as though he’s not already drenched. Dean grins at him, which turns into the two of them staring for a minute that shifts from humorous to oddly tense in the space of a blink. It takes all he has to pull his eyes away and start the car because there’s some major deja-vu happening right now and it’s weirding him out and… kinda turning him on.
The weather is near flawless, sky clear and bright save for a few scattered clouds above the rustling trees which have only recently begun transitioning from crisp emerald to shades of red, orange, and yellow. Fallen leaves crunch beneath Dean’s soles, the sound mingling with music and voices that drift along the early autumn wind from a few yards away, and as they breach the natural gate of the treeline into a wide clearing, they’re greeted by the smell of burning coals and cooking food.
Castiel sits forward in the chair, elbows on his knees, hands clasped between them. “I told you that my father died,” he says, albeit hesitantly. He doesn't quite have the same liquid courage to discuss his family today. Dean just nods. “He grew up here, and his childhood home was left to me. Well, to Gabriel and me.”
With a minute nod as though they'd communicated telepathically, Dean clears his throat and his eyes flit to Meg. "How about two beers?" he suggests flippantly.
“Very good, thank you. Now, you’ll need lubrication and a toy, whichever you like. Set them on the bed.”
When they open, Cas’ eyes slide coolly over him, paying him far more attention than any of the other times he’s visited the store. “Thanks again. That was a disaster waiting to happen,” he says.
When they got home, Dean had approached him shyly, hiding his hands behind his back, and said he had a surprise. How he hid it from Castiel, he still doesn’t know, but he’d taken the little gift bag with trembling fingers and removed the tissue paper, unveiling… yet another coffee mug. Painted bright yellow and orange in a distinct honeycomb pattern, it bore a smiling little cartoon bumblebee on the front with “Bee Happy” printed below.
With his stupidly sexy hair, so soft and just long enough to pull, his perceptive stare, so earnest and open as though no one’s ever told him there’s such a thing as
He tries to watch the TV beyond Cas’ shoulder with his chin propped on folded arms, but his eyes gravitate to the other man against his will every few minutes.
Despite the confusion in his eyes, Cas returns her smile with an awkward one of his own and allows Charlie to drag him into an even more awkward bone-crushing hug, her skinny arms wrapped tightly around his much larger frame. She steps back, holding him at arm's length to get a good look at him.
flooding through him, and then the road, the car, they’re gone. He’s in a dark room, lying in a bed.
, the voice in his head reminds him. Two lonely souls craving closeness, a desperate reminder that they’re not alone, that they have each other.
The new guy’s eyes drop as he rings up Dean’s purchase and hands over the change. Their fingers brush, bringing fresh heat to Dean’s own cheeks. Flustered, he hurries out of the store, telling himself it’s so he’s not late to work rather than admitting he just got friggin’ butterflies from a stranger.
“But Dean—” Castiel pulls him close, lips tracing Dean’s ear, and rumbles, “I want to make this good for you.”
He tips the half-drained bottle at Cas and sighs resignedly as Cas removes his hand and slips it into his coat pocket. He comes up to stand next to him and follow Dean’s line of sight.
Cas’ eyes bore holes in the side of his face and Dean shuffles, looking away to hide the disappointment that must be painted on it. Those blue eyes see everything, it feels like.
Who would have thought an angel—a wavelength of celestial energy who’s existed longer than many stars scattered throughout the universe surrounding this pale blue dot humankind dubbed
Suffice it to say, Dean Winchester is an incredibly attractive man. It’s an objective fact; he should be on magazine covers.
“I don’t know what happened, but from what I saw, and what Jo tells me, pretty boy was eyeballing you like a starving man looks at Thanksgiving dinner.”
“Castiel Novak, ma’am.” Cas extends a hand, which she clasps gently between both of hers. “It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
Turning his attention back to the food, Dean mumbles, “Uh, good. Great.” He opens the grill cover, finds the coals are at their ideal temperature, and begins laying down neat rows of hamburger patties and beef franks.
Cas stops in his tracks. Turns slowly as though in a daze, and before he can say a word, Dean has him wrapped in his arms, Cas’ groceries crushed between them.
Charlie bounces back on the balls of her feet, a captivating smile stretching her face. It’s infectious to such a degree that he feels his own lips tug against his will, but her attention shifts before he can speak again.
Dean waits for the guy to move, say something, but he doesn’t. Pulse racing, his eyes flit to their hands for several long seconds before returning to Cas, whose gaze is steadfast, earnest. Dean lets himself get lost in that ocean of blue until Cas’ thumb strokes Dean's wrist, edging close to the soft, thinner skin above the vein. Surely meant to be comforting, the effect it has on Dean is altogether different. Warmth spreads from that simple point of contact through the length of his body, culminating in a rush of blood southward. He tugs his jeans down by his knee, glad there’s a table obscuring Cas’ view.
take those!” The bags are snatched from his fingers before he can reply by his hulking giant of a brother who somehow snuck up on him, and he answers Dean's scowl with smugly pursed lips.
Michael makes an ugly sound in the back of his throat, something between a scoff and a growl. “Were you not my brother, I would have left you on the street.”
Charlie and Jo shoot each other a look. Jo’s barely holding back a smirk, lips parting like she wants to say something until Charlie gives a barely perceptible shake of her head. Jo pouts and says, “Mom’s planning dinner next week, wants all of us to get together.”
Castiel shrugs. “I considered selling it, but Gabriel thinks I should quit my job and move in because it would be ‘good for me’.”
His friends always insisted he was “a catch”, tried to set him up with their friends, cousins, co-workers, etcetera. But none of those encounters had ever gone beyond casual sex, even the few which garnered more than one date.
“Here.” Cas holds his head with one hand, bringing a cup to his lips with the other, and tips the soothing water into his mouth. He’s so dehydrated already the urge to guzzle it all is strong, but Cas only allows a few timid sips at a time to prevent him from choking. “You have the flu. I’m gonna run to the pharmacy, and I’ll be back soon. Do you think you’ll be okay until then?”
Perhaps Dean’s not the best judge of a “healthy” diet, as Sam can attest, but at least he appreciates
“You grew up in Eden?” Cas says, interrupting the torrent currently whirling through his head. He looks up through his lashes as he sets his glass down.
Perhaps it’s the combination of alcohol and marijuana in his system, but curiosity gets the better of him and he finally asks, “What about… is the community accepting of, you know...” he trails off, unsure how exactly to word it.
“Excuse me?” Michael snarls, slipping slightly from his normal clipped, polished diction. “Have you forgotten all I’ve done for you? You were
“We should have a housewarming party! You gotta let off some steam. Might as well meet the locals, too.” Castiel’s lips part with a rebuttal but the sound is halted by Dean’s palm, held vertical in the air between them. “Nope. House rules. We’re doin’ this. No ifs, ands, or buts.”
It’s a helluva good thing Cas’ eyes are glued to his instead of wandering at that moment because otherwise there’d be no way to hide the traitorous hard-on trapped, sticky-hot and wet at the tip, between his thigh and dark, distressed denim.
Guy’s gotta be at least his age, so he’s been completely alone for what, a decade or more? Not that Dean’s life wasn’t screwed up, but at least he had Sam and Bobby, Ellen and Joanna Beth, all his friends here... Despite everything with his father and crappy childhood, he has had a good life since, surrounded by people he cares about and who care for him in return.
He glares, unamused. “I have never occupied the underside of a rock, Dean. And anyway, how would this ‘hair of the dog’ help?”
—Cas right now. Needs to feel him close, to feel like he’s his, even if only in the dead of night, under the cover of darkness and shared sheets. He’d feel more pathetic for it if they weren’t
He doesn’t wait for a response, ending the call immediately. He clutches the phone in a grip so tight his knuckles creak and bleach, nails digging shallow grooves into the flesh of his palm around the edge of its black metal surface, and barely resists the intense, overwhelming temptation to heave it at the wall. Instead, he storms downstairs and raids the cabinets, salvaging a leftover bottle of Tennessee Honey from the housewarming party and takes several rough, burning gulps. The pale, sweet liquid inside is nearing the bottom, but there’s a half-full fifth of Wild Turkey, so he grabs that too, carrying both up to the bedroom where he sags heavily against the wall until his ass hits the floor.
. Wants so badly to close the gap between them, cup the other man’s face in his palms and count the endless constellation of freckles sprinkled across his skin.
So he’d put on a movie, pet his brother’s shaggy hair for a minute and told him “be right back,” before jogging to the store and jacking what little he could stuff into his oversized coat. Anxiously looking over his shoulder the whole way, he made it back with a box of macaroni, two cans of tuna, and a Snickers bar. Kid lit up like it was Christmas friggin’ morning.
Each accidental brush of an elbow and pat on the shoulder that lingers a little too long sets his body on fire. The dumb little flip-flops his stomach does when he sees Cas smile over the dinner table, hears his nerdy laugh or catches him staring with that bold, inquisitive gaze that says Dean’s the most fascinating thing Cas has ever seen, make him feel like he’s in seventh grade and experiencing his first crush all over again.
Dean groans, only half-feigning misery because he knows he’s not actually being given a choice. “Nah, I don’t think so.”
. Like a chorus would go off or something, sparks would fly, a big flag would wave in his head that said right here, this one, they’re
“Y’all finally made it,” comes a familiar voice somewhere to his left. He turns to find Jo standing there, one hand on her hip and the other holding an open can of El Sol. She looks him up and down shrewdly before glancing at Cas beside him and breaking into a grin. “Ready for your first Labor Day in Eden?”
They find Cas in Bobby’s office-slash-library (though there are more books piled on the floor and desk that in actual shelves), poring over an ancient-looking tome. Bobby’s hovering over his shoulder, pointing to something on the page, giving brief monosyllabic answers to whatever Cas is asking. It’s rare to see Bobby engage with a stranger at all, much less being friendly, and Dean is pleasantly surprised.
It was a strange thing to get used to. The sensations of his body and its needs were ever-present - hunger, thirst, fatigue, sensitivity to temperatures. It was all so mundane and, if he were to find a positive expression for it, humbling. If not, then they were distracting and sometimes unpleasant. Everything felt harsher and at the same time more blurred. His senses numbed down to the limited spectrum of human perception in the absence of his grace.
Dean sank forward, breathing hard, and it took a moment to collect himself. When he did, looking down at Alejandro’s sweat-covered face, he saw a drop of white on his chin. Without thinking about it, Dean brought his thumb to it, smeared it over Alejandro’s bottom lip, and kissed him deeply, tasting the saltiness of it on his tongue.
Soft moans soon turned into sharp, loud sounds of pleasure, and just when Cas thought he’d explode from the sheer physical and visual over-stimulation of it all, Dean opened his eyes again, gaze locking with his. Then, his muscles tightened, pulsed, and streaks of white squirted onto Cas’ chest, as Dean let out one final, loud “Yeehaw!”.
There was a part of Dean that would have simply blacked out and started babbling - a part that would have wanted to get away but also to stay. He’d definitely have made a complete fool out of himself as he had done in such situations so many times before, every time a man had even remotely expressed interest in him.
Alejandro definitely had a point. This morning, Dean had to rush back to get headphones so he could listen to music, and the other day he had forgotten the sunscreen, lucky that Alejandro had been able to provide some. Ever since Sam had left, Dean had spent every single evening with Alejandro, and twice already, he had only left early in the morning after they had both fallen asleep. There was no real point in keeping the rental much longer.
“Well, in case you want to stay beyond that time, the offer still stands. Think about it.” Alejandro gave him a bright but casual-looking smile. Still, Dean couldn’t shake the feeling that there was a bit more to his question. Something he did not want to contemplate at the moment.
,” Dean read the label, wondering - again - if there was some hidden meaning in this or if the name was a mere coincidence. He took a swig and found that he quite enjoyed it. Definitely not the best beer he’d ever had, but just the right kind of refreshment for a hot summer’s - or early fall’s, in this case - day.
On Thursday, Pedro, the guy who occasionally helped out at the bar, too, agreed to take the day shift, and Alejandro was free the whole day to spend it with Dean. The temperatures had picked up again, the sun blazing down with only a mild breeze bringing a bit of cooler air.
“It sounded like he meant a lot to you,” Jesse now commented, who obviously had gotten the same impression as his husband, and Dean could see how.
“Hey, it’s not that bad,” Sam said to calm him, and Dean had no idea why he had turned so irritable in the first place.
Alejandro’s brows went up a little higher at that, a smirk on one corner of his mouth. “Did you and her...?”
Dean shrugged and made a small waving motion with his hand. “No, it’s just… err… I may be a little worn from all that horse riding. You know, once you reach my age, you’ll understand,” he said in a mock-dramatic tone that only made Alejandro snort and roll his eyes slowly.
No, this was fine. It was no more and no less than Dean wanted at this point, and he was going to enjoy it for as long as it lasted.
“Well, let’s just say you have two equally extraordinary talents there,” Alejandro said with a suggestive smirk before he took another bite.
“Oh, come on, don’t over-analyze it now!” Dean retorted, inwardly admitting defeat but chuckling nonetheless. “And I’m not running
Dean felt strangely… torn. He should be looking forward to spending the night with Alejandro again tomorrow, and the most significant part of him did. But there was also this strange, heavy feeling in the pit of his stomach that darkened his good mood, and it didn’t entirely go away, even when, much later, he and Sam wished everyone a good night and walked back along the beach to their apartment building.
Dean felt something swell in his heart at her words, and even though this was mainly about him and his future with Cas, his gaze automatically drifted in the direction of the veggie aisle, where he saw Sam engrossed in picking out some zucchini and bell peppers.
“Really?” Alejandro asked softly next to him, leaning in a bit and giving Dean a slightly teasing smirk. “Star Trek? I thought you were into Star Wars?”
long story. But, um… back to the King of Hell.” And that was definitely easier to talk about than how the forces of darkness - or Chuck, actually - had prepared this long game with their parents, the apocalypse, and everything in between that had shaped and predestined his and Sam’s entire path.
Throughout all of his life, Dean had often believed in making choices for himself, but in the end, everything - at least the significant milestones - had been predetermined by Chuck. All that was gone now, and he realized with a pang of anxiety in his chest, that everything that lay ahead for him - all the good and bad that would come to pass in his future - was down to him and him alone. If he kept going elsewhere, he might damage whatever he had left in Kansas. If he went back, he might miss an amazing opportunity that would have presented itself elsewhere. If he stayed put, both could become true.
In the warmer months, Dean learned, the two made some additional money by accommodating hikers or guests who came for some trail riding. Their primary source of income, however, came from buying horses and reselling them, once broken and raised, and breeding a few of their own.
“Yeah. There is,” Dean said, voice low, almost raspy, and he could practically hear the sound of his own quickened heartbeat, felt the tingle in his spine pool in the pit of his stomach and shoot further down.
now. Back at the bunker, they’ve started to digitalize the whole library. So any kind of lore she and Miguel can’t get their hands on, we might be able to help.”
“It’s not much. I mean her foster mom wasn’t exactly rich, and most of her inheritance is already used up,” Sam said, “Plus, I wouldn’t want her to--”
Another chapter a little early. I have a second beta-reader now, so they will each be editing one chapter per week and just reading the other, which means, if all goes well and their schedules permit it, you will get two chapters per week now.
I should have written these author notes days ago. Now I feel I can't remember everything I wanted to say.
He’d just made it to the start of a hiking path with a wooden sign reading the mountain’s name with enough daylight to take a good picture that he sent to Sam, Claire, and Alejandro. Sam sent back a facepalming emoji and Claire a gif from ‘
“Jack, what are you doing he--” But Cas’ words died down in his throat as the smile on Jack’s lips got a little brighter. Cas could see, no,
It really wasn’t like they could have made out right then and there, with all the other guests present in the line of sight. Dean also usually wasn’t one for taking much pleasure in subtle, modest hand touches like a freaking Jane Austen heroine, but damn, it had been
I have not finished writing the next chapter yet, so I can already say that I most likely won't post on Tuesday, but I will aim to finish it by the end of next week. Sorry about that. Hope you can wait a little bit longer ;-)
Then, closing the remaining distance between them with one swift step, both of Dean’s hands were at the sides of Alejandro’s face, and just a split-second later Dean was kissing him.
to do everything for Sam. With that, though, instantly came guilt that he even allowed that other thought to pass, and if Dean gave himself the time to examine where this guilt came from, he was sure to open up a whole other can of worms with it. All his life, he’d always been responsible for Sam, and if Sam actually left now, took his life in his own hands, who did Dean then have to be responsible for but himself?
Hey guys, another chapter with Allan and a little detail I've been planning for a while (no, Beast, not
“What the hell are you talking about?” Just as the words were out, Dean felt another stab of pain in his chest because he remembered when he’d last said almost exactly that. It was another moment in which a truth had shaken something loose in him, had left him gobsmacked, and tore something from his subconsciousness he had never dared to fully acknowledge. Just that there hadn’t been enough time...
They went to pay, got some water, and used the men’s room before they finally headed back to their car.
Dean rolled his eyes and barely kept in the frustrated sigh that made its way out of him. They had spent the entire previous day driving down from Lebanon to Brownsville, and Dean had somehow expected they’d get to a nice beach around midday so he could finally feel the sand beneath his feet and, for the first time in his entire life, take a dip in the ocean. Now, it was already past five, and they still had to find a place to stay, get changed and… yeah, it was probably not happening today.
“Right,” Cas nodded and smiled a little, again gazing into space until the smile turned positively dreamy. There was the faintest hint of pink on his cheeks, too.
“No, shut up, Cas. Because if you don’t I might never get this out.” Dean said quickly, his voice raw and harsh with emotion, but then he hesitated, licked his lips again - and this was
Just as he opened his lips to add something Dean would now never know, they both heard one of the two women calling in a thick, slavic accent: “Yoo-hoo! Alejandro, can you do my back, too, please?”
“Two-thirty-ish,” he replied instead. “And I swear if you ask me again if we used protection, I’m going to cut your heart out with this spoon,” he said, lifting it threateningly for a moment and inwardly grinning at the reference he’d just made.
Sam didn’t say sorry, but he also didn’t continue, and Dean was grateful for that. Where silence between them had often been natural, comfortable, it now felt heavy, though. Like a vacuum that was trying to pull something from Dean, to be filled with truth and honesty. The pull inside himself was stronger, though. A part of him knew that keeping everything bottled up wasn’t the ideal way to handle things, but the fact was that he simply wasn’t ready. He didn’t know if he’d ever be.
There was laughter and playful protest from the group, and an even wider grin on Alejandro’s lips as he looked at Raúl and Fernando in particular. “
The weather had started to improve by mid-morning, and since it was Saturday, the beach was soon crowded with people. Dean set up the beach chairs and sun shades with Alejandro and helped him around the bar a bit, although there wasn’t an awful lot of work during the day. In the evening, however, that changed drastically. Since Juana was only able to work for three hours that evening, Dean ended up tending the bar together with Alejandro until well into the night.
help - even if not in detail, but just sharing the memories, acknowledging that Cas had existed - Dean thought at some point, but pushed the thought away again instantly. He didn’t know where to even start. It remained there with him, though, somewhere in the back of his mind, pushing at the walls Dean had built around it. And so, as the credits rolled, the words more automatically than consciously came over his lips.
“We do?” Dean asked a little cheekily. He really didn’t want to, but he also knew Alejandro was probably right.
’ he replied as a final message and then, after taking a moment pondering whether he should call or write, send a text to Sam to explain he was going to visit Cesar and Jesse and stay for a few days. As he should have expected, Sam was just as supportive of the idea as Claire.
This, even more than yesterday morning, was the exact moment when he’d usually have had a drink... or two or ten. Dean couldn’t say he wasn’t tempted, wasn’t inclined to just shut his brain up with alcohol and fall into oblivion, but he also knew if he went down that road again now, he may not recover.
“Sounds good to me,” Dean replied and watched as the guy took out his phone to send the text. “And… is there somewhere we could get changed? I dunno about you, Sam, but I want to go swimming. Hey, how long til the sun sets around here?” he addressed the guy again last who smirked briefly.
“Tried to eat me alive,” Sam replied and opened a styrofoam bowl before he got a spoon from the kitchen drawer. “I got you a breakfast burrito.”
“Oh, yeah, we will be, and I’m definitely not gonna miss an epic beach party. I always wanted to go to one.”
When Sam and Eileen had first started talking about moving in together, Dean had wondered about that. Had tried to see himself with someone, but every time he had wanted to imagine a face, there had been just one he could see.
“How about you? Was it what you expected?” Alejandro wanted to know, not shy or insecure in his question but openly interested.
“Did anybody play it? I don’t remember leaving it here,” Dean asked, looking at Colin with a teasingly stern expression.
I'd really love that, as so many of you have accompanied me throughout the process of posting this fic with so many lovely comments and valuable input.
Dean was pleased, more pleased than he would have cared to admit, to see the smile on Alejandro’s lips turn a little more radiant after that.
As he had told Cas then, Dean had been no complete stranger to male on male action. He had had a threesome with a woman and another man twice, though it had been more of the two guys focusing on the woman rather than each other, but still. Then, there had been that period that he would rather not think about when he had become a demon and gone on quite a few adventures with Crowley. That, though, didn’t really count, did it? He had not been his true self.
“How old are you anyway? I never asked,” Dean wanted to know, still wondering. He was sure Alejandro was a few years younger, just not how many.
He barely noticed how Dean just collapsed on top of him, breathing hard, hat having come off, and, for a few more seconds, he did not find the energy to even lift his arms and wrap them around Dean, or move in any other capacity for that matter.
All these months, he had managed so well, mostly, and he had felt like this heavy burden of grief might be fading little by little. Just why did it suddenly feel like it was all rushing back, drowning him now, making it so, so hard to breathe and stop himself from crying?
“Patricia. Patty,” she replied with a wide smile of someone who thoroughly enjoyed the interactions with their customers. “Coming right up, dear. ALLAN?”
to you too.” Dean hadn’t meant it, least of all in front of Alejandro, but somehow, the second bit had come out a lot flirtier than intended, his body automatically reacting with a bright grin as if by muscle memory.
Dean felt the urge to pack up his stuff and just head back home, but as soon as he pictured this for a moment longer, and despite the fact that he was missing the others, it also didn’t feel right. He couldn’t quite place it, didn’t know what exactly it was that had him feeling so torn, and wanting to leave but not wanting to go anywhere else either.
“Am I? And a friend with special benefits on top of that.” He leaned in a little closer over the table, giving Alejandro a subtle but suggestive look as he let his gaze travel from Alejandro’s eyes to his mouth.
“Hm, what stuff?” Alejandro asked, caressing Dean’s shoulder before he let his hand go up the back of Dean’s head, fingers raking through his short hair. Those touches made Dean instantly relax a bit more. Yet, he didn’t know if he wanted to talk about it. He wouldn’t even know where to start, and he wasn’t exactly used to baring his thoughts like that to people.
“You think I should give this whole Tinder dating thing a go again? Dunno, man, last time we ran into a crossroads demon prostitution ring.” Mild humour. At least, that still worked for him.
When they got back to the bunker, Sam and Eileen went to unpack the groceries, and Dean found Cas in the library, listening intently to Colin’s enthusiastic ramblings about the digital database. Miracle, who’d been lying on the sofa, let out two excited barks and came running towards Dean, jumping up and trying to lick his face. In his excitement, his tail wagged against Dean’s guitar that stood leaning against a shelf, causing the strings to vibrate with sound.
Before that could happen, however, they still had to get out of their clothes, and Dean was grateful that Alejandro had taken it upon himself to open the buttons of Dean’s shirt, slowly, one by one. He’d probably have ripped a few ones off if he had done it himself.
“If you’ve got any vacancies, yes,” Dean replied and saw another brief look of surprise on Allan’s - Mr. Miller’s, as he assumed - features.
When his breathing had calmed further, Dean reluctantly pushed himself up on one arm. “Okay, I’ve gotta…” He hardly wanted to, but lest he wanted to lose the condom he should pull out, and Alejandro nodded, gripped Dean’s waist, and slowly pushed him off of him. Then he stretched an arm to pull the box of tissues from the nightstand, and Dean wrapped the used condom in one and took a few more to clean Alejandro and himself off.
Alejandro shrugged again. “Not easy, but also not impossible. And bar and grill sounds great. You could serve those amazing burgers of yours, which, by the way, you have to make again sometime.”
“Come here,” Alejandro said softly, and Dean did not hesitate. Just two steps and their arms were wrapped around each other again to kiss, teeth scraping his bottom lip, tongues touching, getting rougher and more impatient.
Dean woke up in the morning with Cas draped all over him, one leg hugging his hip, an arm outstretched across Dean’s upper body. Cas’ face was nestled against Dean’s shoulder, his chest rising and falling steadily and slowly.
5. Something I have to admit opely and honestly: I was a little disappointed and also worried about the lack of comments on the previous chapter. Although my beta reader assured me that the scene was great, it made me wonder whether people had not enjoyed it. I do hope you guys are still enjoying it. If that is the case, please do let me know. Or if you have any questions, theories etc. share them. I don't know how many of you write fic yourselves, but if you don't then let me tell you, comments - even if it's just people rambling or screaming or something similar - are the absolute best reward we writers can get. And even though you should write for an audience of one (thanks Metatron), having a slightly bigger audience is immensely motivating and rewarding. So please, IF you enjoy this fic, consider taking a moment and letting me know that you do and why that is. :-)
“Hm, yeah.” Dean pondered for a moment, and he had an idea on why it took him so long, aside from the obvious of having grown up the way he had and the overall social pressure. “I guess it’s a bit harder when you have that alternative. I mean, dating women has always worked for me. So why change a running system?”
He had not taken a sudden leap of faith when Jack had offered to bring him back, and a part of Cas wished he had, that he
Also. Yeah. I'm kinda really, really, really fucking curious what you all are gonna say about a little something here. I mean two little somethings, but one other little something that may not be as little as the first little something. I'm not making much sense here; you are confused and thinking 'the hell did she smoke?'. Nothing. I'm just giddy about this. Don't rip my head off.
“That’s right. Because I’m awesome,” Dean said, fully expecting Sam’s exasperated but amused eye roll.
After their morning routine - Cas had taken a shower as well, and Dean had given him some more clothes to wear - they settled into the kitchen where Eileen and Kaia had been in the middle of cooking breakfast. Dean spent less time enjoying his own breakfast than he did watching Cas eat the scrambled eggs and bacon with various looks of surprise and delight on his features. A part of him still felt sorrow for Cas having to give up his Grace, but the way his eyes closed and a small, relishing smile formed on his lips as he was slowly chewing on a crunchy piece of buttered toast did make up for it.
“Late. Just sleep, Sammy.” Dean was way too tired to have any kind of conversation with his brother now, least of all the awkward one that would surely unfold.
,’ Alejandro replied with a smiling emoji, and Dean felt a sudden ache in his chest. Something that definitely was a kind of longing, paired with regret. Despite only knowing him for not even four full weeks, Alejandro had understood Dean in ways he’d rarely felt with anyone.
“Mmph,” he just grunted, a yawn escaping him as he stretched his limbs on the bed. Then, as he finally found his voice, “Dude, what the hell? I was sleeping.”
Dean wouldn’t have objected to ripping each other’s clothes off right here in the bar, but there were things they might need - and for the first time since he had acknowledged and then followed his attraction to Alejandro, he wondered what the man expected of him, what he was into. It was a little bit easier to remain patient then, or rather nervous and a little worried that this might not work out. As much as he wanted to spend the night with him, there were some things Dean was not prepared to do.
Another thing: I 'stole' a line from something one of you said in a comment early on. ZissaVulpes, I hope you don't mind ;-) When I read your comment back then, I loved that line so much that I saved it for this chapter.
“No Led Zeppelin?” Cas asked with an understanding smile, and it took Dean by surprise a little that he obviously had listened to those songs attentively enough to be able to tell their level of difficulty.
to learn to at least prepare something simple so he and Sam wouldn’t live off cereal and vending machine snacks whenever their dad had gone off on a hunt for days. No, today was not the day to let any dark memories cloud it.
It was not just here, though, that Dean felt drawn to the water, he realized in retrospect. There had always been a kind of serenity large bodies of water exuded, one that he rarely experienced otherwise. Whenever he and Sam had had a chance to sit by a river or lake and watch the slowly moving waters, Dean had felt that sense of peacefulness more palpably than in any other stretch of nature.
“I think I can hold out a few more minutes,” Cas replied, now looking more awake, eyes taking in the sight of Dean’s face, a subtle but visibly dreamy smile on his lips.
“Dean! Look out!” someone shouted. Someone that wasn’t Sam. Someone whose voice Dean would have recognised anywhere but could not be hearing right now because… no, it was impossible.
He leaned back a bit, took his bottle in hand, and raised it briefly as he gave Alejandro a small, not playfully flirty or suggestive but genuine smile. “Well, here’s to enjoying good company. I don’t know if you drink while you’re working, but I’d buy you a beer. Like you said, it’s not every day you meet someone that knows about this whole hunting business.”
“Sure. I’m gonna make a complete jackass of myself for you,” Dean said with a grin and a shrug and saw the smile on Alejandro’s face turn wider.
Dean sank back into the mattress, breathing hard as Alejandro slid off him. He lay down next to Dean to catch his breath before both of them turned their heads and looked at each other.
Dean took a deep breath and decided to down the shot first, not bothering with the salt or the lemon this time. “Yeah, you see… I’m-- ah. I’m bi.” It was the first time he had ever said it, and Dean couldn’t deny that it was frightening. His heart seemed to thump all the way up to his throat, but he also felt strangely liberated, as if saying it, out loud in front of another person - one that he was interested in, for that matter - made him finally, fully and truly accept and embrace that part of himself.
Dean just raised his glass at the women, making sure to give them a grateful, friendly but definitely not flirty smile as he said, “
From the water’s edge, he could already see Sam having just gotten there, putting his own towel on a beach chair next to Dean’s. The bar had also been opened, which meant they could get refreshments. It was still way too early for beer, but he could do with an ice-cold soda soon.
He let out a small chuckle, something between bitter and amused about himself, and he shook his head slowly. “You’re right. Pretty pathetic, though, huh? That I go all separation anxiety on you like an idiotic helicopter parent just because you’re finally moving out at thirty-seven.”
A little over a month ago, though it feels like just yesterday, he’d made the decision to change his life, and it’s truly amazing the progress he’s made not only physically, but mentally and emotionally, since then. He’s almost… no, he
“Oh, uh.” Dean clears his throat and turns away. The back of his neck is still pink. “Maybe an hour, if you got somewhere you need to be. Gotta refill the freon and it looks like the reed valves on the compressor are loose.” Dean could have been speaking another language for all the sense that makes to him.
She hums and stares, and he rocks on his feet, and it’s starting to feel awkward as hell the longer she watches him.
“Shift the panties aside just enough to slide those fingers down your perineum. Move them in circles around your rim. A little pressure, but don't go inside yet.”
“I’ve never had occasion. None of my… ‘relationships’ lasted long enough to consider it. When I was younger, maybe, I’d think from time to time, one day, but then that day didn’t come. So I threw myself into my work instead, got Claire.”
“You work too hard, Cas. Sounds like you have been for a long ass time. This is basically your vacation, but since you’ve been here it’s been nothing but more work. Cleaning, stressing over the house, helping me move my crap. You need to loosen up, have some fun.”
“Enough, you two,” Ellen says, voice stern but fond, Bobby half-smirking, half-scowling next to her.
awkward, silent save for the sound of rain pounding against metal and rhythmic swish of the wipers clearing water from the windshield, and yet again, the sensation of
asking, because the longer he’s seeing Cas, talking to him, and the closer they get, the harder it is to bridge this stupid invisible gap between them.
There’s this desperate urge trembling through his limbs, he wants to bolt. Wants to run and find out exactly where that smell is coming from because although he knows what it is, he needs to
He's definitely staring. His knees are friggin' jello. And of course, smooth talker that Dean Winchester is, he looks right down at the scruffy, wide-eyed, flushed and beautiful walking disaster in his arms and says, “You owe me a pie.”
Cas hangs up and glances at the screen, then his eyes widen. He quickly shoves the phone back in his pants and slides out of the booth. Dean watches, dumbfounded, while Cas shrugs on his blazer and coat. He scoots to the edge of his seat and swings his legs out from under the table, eyes questioning as Cas moves toward him, stopping just an inch from Dean’s knees. Cas hovers there with that captivating stare like he’s waiting for Dean to speak, stand, anything.
. Calm down, take a breath. First of all, how do you know he doesn’t wanna do the horizontal tango if you haven’t asked? The way he looks at you… I mean, I don’t look at my ‘friends’ like that. I look at Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow like that. Or as herself, really, but man, all that
Blue-Eyes pauses, head tilting to the side as he looks at Dean, thoughtful and curious, and damn if it’s not the most adorable thing Dean’s ever seen.
Dean huffs a breath beside them, sounding almost annoyed. “You done?” he says, tone surly. Benny chuckles, giving Castiel an eerily knowing look as he nods and drops his hand.
Castiel lays everything out with painstaking precision, his brow furrowed in concentration. The filling sits, prepared, in a bowl at the end of the stainless steel island, a cloth draped over the top. That was the easy part. But this next step… this is the one he’s been agonizing over, practicing and perfecting, for over a month.
To put it bluntly, he’s flirtatious by nature and wouldn’t know subtlety if it punched him in the face. Not that he’s vain or anything, but he knows he’s a good-looking guy; fairly fit, he rocks the perfect balance between ruggedly handsome and dreamboat pretty and has taken advantage of that on many a lonely night. Plus, when it comes down to it, he can confidently bullshit his way through anything.
“Girlfriend?” he echoes, eyebrows knitting in confusion. “I’m—I don’t have a girlfriend.” He breathes out unsteadily. It’s not often he fumbles his words, but he came far too close to outing himself to someone who is still essentially a stranger. A man he is most decidedly attracted to and was skirting the line of
There’s precious serenity in the hour just before dawn, when the world still sleeps and the stars begin to haze across daubed gradients of black and indigo, wary of the approaching sun.
The man at the register stares back, wide-eyed and silent, until someone clears their throat. Dean snaps his jaw shut with an audible click, unaware both that it’d been hanging slack to begin with
“Well then...” He claps his hands, rubbing them together excitedly. “Meg, you heard the man. Burger, beers, and pie!”
. He can see it in the curve of his shoulders, in the carefree roll of his head and goofy grin now splayed over his lips.
He relaxes the pressure, giving Dean some relief before adding a second finger, but makes sure to avoid his prostate for now. He’s not opposed to teasing, but he isn’t cruel either. They’re both close already, having dangled on the brink for so long now. Hours, perhaps. He doesn’t even know the time, it seems to have lost all meaning tonight with how consumed he is by Dean, by being with him this way, finally having the opportunity to touch him like this.
be exhausted, and for the most part, his body is for all the work they’d done earlier that day. That’s the excuse he’s allowing himself for not wanting to leave. But truthfully, Dean’s warmth is mere inches away, their shoulders almost touching, and that fact alone is like a shot of adrenaline straight to the heart for how awake and aware it makes him.
Castiel stills, not quite sure how to process what he just heard. They sit in silence for a long, awkward minute until Dean begins shifting nervously in the seat across from him, spinning his bottle on its axis with a forefinger and thumb.
In his mind, Cas slots between his legs and Dean feels him through those sinfully tight slacks, proof that Cas wants this too, he wants Dean, and Cas tells him he’s good,
A hand rises to his waist, broad and warm. Soaks right through the cloth like it’s—like it’s not even there. He feels so heavy suddenly, but a nice heavy. Secure and safe. Sinking, sinking, a gentle, gratified noise rumbles from his throat and as he lays down, everything dims.
Dean simply rolls his eyes and wraps an arm around Castiel’s shoulders, tugging him to his side. “Yeah yeah, got ourselves a real
The temptation is too great, and he finds he can’t bring himself to care as his hand finds its way into Dean’s hair. God, and it’s so much softer than it looks. Whatever gel Dean used that morning has long since weakened, so his fingers smooth through the strands with ease. He scratches gently at his scalp and the man lets out a pleased hum, nuzzling closer. Dean’s breath ghosts over his neck, eyelashes fluttering against his skin as Dean stirs. A large, warm palm finds its way onto Castiel’s thigh.
To be marked, claimed, as Dean’s. Knowing Dean bears similar bruises. A flare of possessiveness unfurls in his gut, and he can’t help wondering what else Dean would let him do.
,” not even the mildest of attempts to feign a concerned eldest sibling. Castiel knew better than to expect otherwise, but it hurts nonetheless. This is the way things have always been, always will be. He doesn’t even have to ask the reason for the call.
Dean’s lips twitch up at the corners, but his eyes cast away and his hands are restless. It’s an unusual display of nerves that jolts Castiel’s heart rate up a notch. “Okay, this is gonna sound weird, but hear me out.”
. While Dean is doing… whatever it is he’s doing, Castiel stops in the restroom just off the living area to freshen up. He takes the piss he’s been holding since the lake and washes his hands, taking a moment to splash warm water over his face. This is all happening so fast, and surely they should talk about what this means for them, how it might affect their relationship going forward. The last thing he wants is to ruin the best friendship of his life, to lose what they’ve built together here… but this is also everything he’s ever wanted and Dean seems to want it too. Perhaps he’s yearned for this as long as Castiel has.
Castiel frowns, leaning forward with elbows on the table, fingers forming a pyramid beneath his chin. “
Dean stands at his locker, strips his dirty coveralls and tosses them into the pile with the others. Each employee has a couple pairs, complete with a sewn monogram of their name, and Bobby takes them to get professionally laundered twice a week since oil and gas fumes aren’t safe for home-washing.
“I’m fine,” he replies quickly. The response is automatic, more a force of habit than anything. “What was your question?”
(An incredibly hot nerd with a voice made for porn.) But Dean knows a thing or two about absent fathers, and sees a kindred spirit in Cas. It just intrigues him even more.
“Claire’s not usually so friendly to people she doesn’t know.” He murmurs, smiling fondly, “She must like you.”
From that point, he tunes out whatever else is being said on the other end of the phone. Michael’s condescending invalidation and emotional manipulation has crossed more lines than Castiel can count and he is
For a little while, he had Lisa, but they had a complicated relationship from the get-go. Lisa Braeden was perfect; too perfect. Way the fuck out of Dean’s league, and they both knew it. Even on the calmer days when no ripples disturbed the surface, this undercurrent of instability lay waiting beneath. Things they left unsaid day after day until it felt pointless to even try.
If his life were a chick-flick he’s sure his heart would’ve melted the instant Cas put that bowl down in front of him with a shy, anxious look on his face, cheeks staining pink as Dean dove happily in. Maybe it wasn’t perfect (Mary always used brown rice and all they have at the house is white, there’s a pinch too much salt, and it’s a little on the watery side), but it’s close enough, and so worth it to see the brilliant sparkle of pleasure in Castiel’s eyes from the praise Dean showered him with for his efforts.
After an hour of intense internal debate, he decides to drop in and check on Cas before closing. Just to, you know, keep him company.
Though alarms are blaring in his mind, warning him of the risk of allowing these feelings to grow roots, the temptation is too great. In the end, Dean’s eager, beautiful face, his pleading gaze, his infectious passion seals the deal. Castiel’s mouth twitches as he fights back a grin, trying to remain aloof and not showcase exactly how excited he is to Dean.
This is passion and fury, this is electric, this is fireworks exploding, louder and brighter than all those they’d seen earlier that evening. It’s a rainbow after the first spring rain, pure, shimmering and filling him with warm sunshine. It takes a minute for his mind to catch up, but his body’s already taken the lead before he fully realizes what is going on.
Smiling at the thought, he parks himself against the edge of the stainless steel island in the kitchen, listening to the hum of electricity and machinery keeping the bunker running with a beer in hand and his own special person on his mind.
“No.” He doesn't want to think about that right now and feels his buzz slipping with the discomfort.
Cas gets the message and shuffles off the foot of the bed. Without breaking eye contact, slender fingers pop the button of his slacks, whip the belt from their loops, and slide the zipper ever so slowly downward. As he undulates his hips to let them fall to the floor, Dean’s dick twitches in his peripheral.
. There’s a tear on his cheek. It’s hot, wet, dragging a slow and tortuous trail through stubble all the way to the edge of his jaw. As clear to him as every other sense here, but somehow more—
Dean doesn’t reply, so Castiel pushes in deeper, crooks his finger toward the ceiling and immediately finds what he’s looking for. Dean shouts, arching off the bed, and Castiel has to pin him down by the hip with his free hand to keep his finger from slipping free. So eager, so
Every day since Castiel made the deal with Dean, whatever time the other man hasn’t spent working, he’s relegated to spending time with him.
“Cas...” Dean steps forward and tugs him into his arms, folding them around him in a fierce hug. “I’m here. I’ve got you.” His fingers comb soothingly through Castiel’s hair as he breathes soft shushing noises. He doesn’t know how long they stay like that before Dean speaks again, voice low and gentle this time. “You know, a wise man once told me, ‘family don’t end in blood’, but it doesn’t start there either. Family cares about you, Cas, not what you can do for them. Family’s there through the good, bad, all of it. They got your back even when it hurts.
“Good morning.” Castiel takes a breath, heart rate still settling after his exercise. “The air conditioner in my room is broken.”
Castiel stiffens. Someone has upset Dean, and the thought doesn’t sit well. Worms deep into his gut and clenches his fists at his sides. Castiel isn’t one to seek out a fight, but he’s never backed down from one, either. He wants to know who this person is and where they are, the logical part of his mind saying
Castiel ends the call and scrolls through his contacts, pacing the few feet from his desk to the door and back as he makes the arrangements for bereavement. He gets a total of five days and tacks on another two weeks of vacation time he has saved since he’d used none of his vacation or sick days for the year. He doesn’t leave work until eight that evening, hungry, exhausted, and emotionally drained.
“Needy boy. Touch your cock through the panties, Dean,” Cas murmurs and Dean can tell he’s close too, composure fracturing more with each passing second. “Want to make you come in them, get them all wet and filthy.” He immediately goes to work, rubbing roughly at the smooth satin over his head as he rises and falls, bouncing between the toy and the brutal tease of his fingers, rambling in near gibberish while Cas spouts filth through the phone. “When I get home… I want to fuck your pretty mouth, Dean… gonna paint your freckles with my come. Then I’m gonna blindfold you, shove my tongue in your tight little hole, tease you till you cry and beg for my cock—”
Still, with his food finished and a beer dripping condensation in his hand, a shiver runs through Dean and he curls forward, elbows on his knees, bracing against the chill.
ya know?” Castiel nods attentively, something in his eyes telling Dean that maybe he understands, in his own way.
Cas nods again, already slowly backing away, his shy smile growing a fraction. He starts to turn around but hesitates, gaze flitting to Dean one last time. “Have a good day at work, Dean,” he says coyly.
He’s less than pleased to hear Dean is moving in with a stranger, and as such, for every pro Dean dishes out, his brother weighs the cons.
“Hey, you knew what you signed up for,” he grits out, rage and pain and fear swirling with the panic. It’s too much. Cloying, clawing, fucking terrifying but his foot’s stuck on the gas and he can’t let up.
? What does that mean, though? Why is he playing along, making it seem like they were intimate? That is not the reaction he anticipated from a straight man, but it is comforting to know that even while unaware of Castiel's orientation, he isn’t bigoted.
Frustratingly, Cas keeps his eyes on the television and speaks in short, curt sentences until they crash for the night.
“Did you ever, uh, you know.” Dean pauses, letting out a flustered laugh. “Think about me?” Is it even healthy to blush this much? He’s gonna turn into a goddamn tomato at this rate.
“You thought what, Dean,” he says, heated breath whispering across Dean’s fluttering hole as he thrusts his fingers. Dean shudders, gooseflesh blossoming across the naked expanse before him.
At the last moment, he stops himself because even turned on as he is, “safety first” and all that jazz. He sits on his heels and takes a reedy breath.
Startled, he spins to find Dean staring sheepishly from the doorway leading to the dining room, hands in the pockets of dark blue flannel bottoms. His hair is wetter than before, disheveled, and he’s also changed shirts. Did he
Then Cas licks his lips, gaze flitting briefly between Dean’s mouth and eyes, and Dean can’t fucking take it anymore. Before he realizes what he’s doing, he’s pushing Cas back against the seat, climbing into his lap, fisting his hands in the lapels of that stupid beige coat, and capturing the heady moan that escapes Castiel’s mouth with his own.
Dean thinks but doesn’t say. Cas’ hands flutter at his sides for a second, then he glares down at them as if they’ve betrayed him somehow and shoves them roughly in his pockets. “It’s, um, making a strange noise.”
His breath catches in his throat, Michael's cold, callous monotone hitting him with the velocity of a speeding train. His brother keeps talking on the other end of the line, conveying either some demand or vague instruction, but his voice fades, becoming tinny and distant beneath the rapid, heavy
It’s a fucking sin the way Dean drinks a beer. His tongue flicks out, catching the frothy liquid as it trickles toward the rim. Slowly, tortuously, his perfect lips wrap around it, just at the edge. He tips it back and takes a long, smooth pull. Castiel’s eyes glue to Dean’s throat as he swallows it down, then drift back up to see Dean lick the traces of foam from his plush bottom lip. The bottle remains in his hand, balanced on Dean’s stomach just above the edge of his belt.
“Hey. Stop.” Dean shakes his head and steps forward, pointing at his brother with raised eyebrows. “First off, you watch way too many true crime specials. Second, I can take care of myself.” Sam scowls. “Look, I get it, man. I’d probably give you the same speech if our roles were reversed here. But Cas… he’s a good guy.” He pauses, knowing it’s probably playing dirty to pull his trump card. He does it anyway, adding, “You trust me, right Sammy?”
Like, they’re together now. Even if it’s still technically new—though they’d been dancing around each other for years—he’d have thought the guy would at least get lunch with them, today of all days.
He will never forget the fondness on Dean’s face as they part or the knowledge that he placed it there.
, it's all-consuming, his own touch both too much and not enough. A low growl rumbles from his throat as he jerks himself quick and rough, smearing precome and soap over the smooth, hard flesh. He bucks desperately between both hands, the pressure growing in intensity, and with the perfect crook of his finger and flick of his wrist—
Dean’s mind is foggy, stuck in that comfortable, lazy place between consciousness and sleep as he slowly takes in his surroundings. It’s pitch black from what he can see through the curtains, the room still and dark save for the dim silver hue cast by the sliver of moonlight streaming through the curtain gap.
It’s not like Dean’s never rubbed one out to the thought of a stranger; he watches so much porn there’s an entire movie reel compiled in his mind he can select favorite scenes from at will. So what’s the harm?
Dean tells Castiel about his uncle and surrogate father Bobby, about Ellen and Jo. He tells him about his brother, the girlfriend Sam brought home from Stanford, and the many friends he's made here over the years (including a few who did not start out that way, like Meg). From what Castiel can deduce, the front he keeps up is not quite so effective at hiding his soft, loveable inner workings as Dean seems to think. Even those initially put off by Dean's brash outer demeanor and sarcastic attitude end up prey to his charms before long.
beyond a shadow of a doubt he’s never loved anyone in his life more than this man, and he’s prepared to do everything in his power to show him even if he can’t yet bring himself to say the words.
Pulling off with a wet sound he murmurs, “Yeah, ’m sure,” voice husky and low. “C’mon sweetheart.” He urges Cas forward again, mouth open, ready.
, wants to lose himself in those eyes, that smirk. Wants to drag his lips over that stubble-darkened jaw and strong, dimpled chin, licking and nibbling his way down the bare expanse of lightly tanned skin to the starched white collar below.
That earns him a smile. It’s a small, shy thing, though, accompanied by a slight side-nod and hand wave. Like Dean’s not used to hearing it and wants to brush the sentiment away. It makes Castiel a little sad, though he doesn’t know why.
The hand on Dean’s chin moves to cup his cheek. Unconsciously, he tips his head, nuzzling into the man’s large, warm palm, eyes closing to shut out that stare because he can’t, he just can’t say it with Cas looking at him like that.
Jack smiled again and took a step closer, softly shaking his head. “My powers will be enough. I just need you to guide me. To help me make the best choices. As you always have done, father.”
“Oh, I wish I could have filmed that,” Dean still chuckled as he guided his horse next to Sam’s, all three riders having stopped now, and Sam shot him a grumpy glare that was only betrayed by the slight twitching around his mouth because, yeah, there was no way he didn’t realize that he must have looked like a complete jackass.
His brother gave him a short, rather thin smile and sat down on his chair, feet in the sand, and turned towards Dean. “Uh, yeah. And-- What’s that?” He had just noticed the t-shirt on the foot of his chair.
Dean could see him biting his bottom lip briefly, looking at Dean sideways, something between bashful and mischievous as his brows went up slightly. “She told me a few interesting things, too.”
“Morning,” he said softly, bringing a hand up and cupping the side of Cas’ face, fingers raking through the dark brown hair.
Dean frowned and pulled a face, but his brother simply continued. “So no, I’m not surprised, but it wasn’t my place to say anything. If you didn’t get it, and Cas didn’t want to reveal it then that was his decision. Plus, you wouldn’t have believed me anyway.”
“Oh? Exciting. I mean…” Alejandro paused, shrugging softly, “It’s going to be a change, though, huh? Are you going to be okay with that?”
“It’s interesting because… my sister and her husband are in pest control, too,” Alejandro replied, and though Dean couldn’t see it he could hear the smile in his voice as he drew his hands from Dean’s back and patted his right shoulder lightly.
Again, Alejandro let out a small, throaty laugh, and he reached out to take one of Dean’s hands and brought it between their bodies. “Just do what you did earlier, and I won’t be long either.”
He hurt a little at the thought, but that regret was soon forgotten when Cas brought their lips together again. The kiss was slow, gentle, just the soft comfort of intimacy and togetherness, and Dean relished each second of it. This was new, too, or at least he hadn’t done something like this in ages - just kissing, not as a prelude to sex but simply to be close to someone and share that affection.
“Oh hey, careful with that, buddy,” Dean said and took the guitar to find a more secure spot for it.
pleasant. When before, as he had still had his grace, Cas had simply felt emotion as an awareness in his soul, there were now all these small physical sensations, and he still had to learn how to discern them, what to make of them, and how to appreciate them instead of being confused by them.
We all worry about you and miss you. I know things sometimes can feel a lot more hostile when you only have written words to go by, but I truly believe what happened that day that made you leave was a huge misunderstanding. We'd all be delighted if you came back, and I'm sure any of us who rubbed you the wrong way are absolutely willing to talk it out. I'd definitely be, if I was one of them. So please give it some thought and reach out to me or any of us. <3
It was hard, and it made him cringe at himself, but finally, Dean nodded. “Yeah okay. That’s-- uh… thanks.”
“I’m coming, I’m coming!” Dean heard someone call back from the side room, and Patty finally went back into the kitchen, not without heaving a rather dramatic sigh and giving Dean an amused eye roll before she left.
Dean rolled his eyes but chuckled. Over the past few years, they’d mostly shopped at department stores or, occasionally, when they needed a new smart business suit, a specialized men’s wear store in a small town somewhere. He wasn’t exactly a fan of huge, crowded spaces, but then again, it could be fun, and they probably had a big food court, too. He just had to dig himself out of this low again, not let it drag him down, and focus on the good stuff.
“The what?” Alejandro looked at Dean in surprise, and Dean realized that he did not want to elaborate and probably shouldn’t have mentioned it.
“Also get some pie!” was the last thing that reached Dean’s ears as the heavy iron door of the bunker fell shut. He saw Sam stop in his tracks, turning to give Dean a smirk.
Despite the relief and the freedom - or maybe because of them - Dean felt, in a word, empty. Though, no, that wasn’t exactly it. He just felt that, among all the positive things, there was something missing. Maybe, he simply needed time to get used to this. To fully realise that, for once in his life, for once in his and Sam’s lives, they were, indeed, truly free.
Instead, he just shot him a grin and ordered beer and tequilas for him and Sam and left the man to his work. Juana was there to help again, but for the moment, Alejandro seemed busy. He did smile at Dean brightly, though, and, between pouring the drinks, asked about their day before the next patrons caught his attention.
“Oh?” Alejandro squeezed a generous amount of the lotion onto his palms and then rubbed them together to warm it up. “Not too bad, I hope?”
’ a couple of times, and one time, when they had stayed at a small town for a while, Dean had gotten his hands on a copy of the book. He’d read it twice, imagining he could simply disappear into a magical world like Fantasia. He’d felt such a strong connection to Bastian, too, and, as a kid, Dean had hoped he could have gotten the same love from his own dad as Bastian did from his in the end.
here and there, but most of the time, it had been the same old routines. Hitting a bar or a strip-club, seeing a movie… having sex with strangers.
“You should have told me,” Dean continued at last, his tone gentler again, and he finally looked back at Cas. “You should’ve told me, and not just when you thought it was your last moment on earth. You should’ve told me because…” He gave a barely suppressed, frustrated groan. “Hell, Cas, I never thought you felt that way. I always thought it was just this... this bond, like some kind of blood brothers. And when you showed
They had defeated demons and angels and God himself. It was time he finally didn’t let his father have any influence over his life any longer either.
“Yeah, well, it’s not every day that your--” He only realized when he’d already started the sentence that he didn’t know what to call Cas. Best friend was hardly covering it anymore; boyfriend seemed awfully trite and wasn’t even accurate because Cas had not been that before.
“It’s past seven-thirty, since when do you call that early? Don’t you usually finish your daily half marathon around this time?”
“Cas, I’m so sorry I never told you any of this. I-- I wish you could’ve known. But you meant-- no, you mean so much to me. I’ll never forget you, okay? I promise you that.” The words came out with urgency, with vehemence, but they broke in his throat as he felt a prickling in his eyes and a hitched breath forcing its way up his lungs. “I just miss you so damn much.”
There had been letters, too. They had doubted their mission’s objective and wanted to get away, but Dean couldn’t get the full picture, only able to skim the letters before the spirits had attacked him. Burning the bible and everything in it, he saw them both go up in flames. Still, in their last moment, as they both realized what was happening to them, they had reached out and clasped hands, their gruesomely contorted faces turning human again for one small second as they looked at each other in despair.
This morning, when he had woken up with the first rays of sun, it had only been a testimony of how exhausted he felt that he even had been able to sleep that long. Ever since he had opened his eyes, sticky and swollen from last night’s crying, Dean had, in a strange way, felt a little lighter. As if now, after having used so much energy to maintain the facade and keep his feelings and memories contained, he suddenly had an excess of energy. It certainly wasn’t the kind of energy that made him want to jump for joy - he was very, very far from that - but he could feel that lightness in him. It gave him the strength to slowly, eventually, and with more time, get used to the loss he felt. He could draw even more strength from memories of Cas, think of him and smile from time to time instead of clenching his jaw and pushing everything back, far back into a locked box in the farthest corner of his mind.
“Coming right up,” Alejandro said, nodding and smiling, before lightly jogging back to the bar on bare feet. He was only wearing knee-length beach shorts and a loose fitting tank top with patterns in yellow and green, and Dean could see that his skin, probably already slightly darker than his own to begin with, definitely had seen a lot of sunshine. His own legs looked pastry-white in comparison.
“So, how about some music?” Alejandro asked. “I mean… other than the background noise. What are you into?”
“I know. And before I get back to that whole thing with Lucifer’s son being… God now? I-- no, actually, let’s start right there. Was there another God before that? And what happened to him?”
“Oh, yeah, absolutely,” Dean replied. The hilarity was replaced by a somewhat softer, warmer feeling in his chest, and it was a genuine smile he gave his brother as he lightly clapped him on the back, squeezing his shoulder briefly. “Thanks, man.”
Dean had not gotten many hours of sleep last night either, and he was close to dozing off. After watching that utterly ridiculous movie together, the night had ended as Dean had hoped it would from the start: with amazing sex that included probably one of the best blowjobs he’d ever gotten. The mere memory made him smile softly as small tingles went through his stomach. He tried to focus on the sounds around him instead, though. Not that it would matter much, with nobody else around, if he popped a boner, but he wasn’t ready to take another dip in the cooling ocean. No, he just wanted to relax a bit and maybe take a nap.
“Maybe an English song next?” Gerardo suggested when the second song had ended. He gave Dean a small smile, lifting his beer bottle to toast him over the fire.
“We worked together sometimes. After we almost healed him - that is, uh, there’s this ritual that allows you to turn a demon back into a human by giving them human blood and doing a few other things. And, well, we didn’t fully succeed... but he was almost decent after that.” Despite all the awful and despicable things Crowley had done, Dean felt an almost reminiscent smile on his lips, thinking of him. If anyone had told him that several years ago, he’d have declared them insane, but there he was, thinking back to their unlikeliest ally. “Saved our lives, too, he did. But he died in the process. Now his mom’s the Queen of hell. She’s a good friend of ours. Three-hundred-something-year-old witch.”
Ah, but he should really get to those drinks, first and foremost. Something to settle both their nerves.
it’s setting him on fire from the inside out, his heart beating a wild tattoo against his ribs like it wants to escape.
His back slams into the stairs with an “Oomph,” a sharp pain radiating from the points of impact up his spine.
Instead, he floats, pliant and blissfully subdued like driftwood on the sea. Lets himself hover here with a large, strong body resting beside him, moaning his name.
He can’t tell if it’s seconds or minutes before his head clears and droops forward, regret and disappointment burrowing deep in his stomach because, just once, he wishes he were brave enough (or perhaps stupid enough) to do what he wants. Without reservation, no holding back, toss propriety out the window.
On the fourth day of his involuntary house arrest, as he’s come to jokingly call it, he complains about the crook in his neck and muscle stiffness from laying around so much (unfortunately even his memory foam gets uncomfortable after too long). Cas tells him to lay on his front, shirtless, and proceeds to give him a slow, tender massage, with oil and everything, good enough to rival any professional.
She laughs. It’s a husky, sorta patronizing thing, and he’d take offense coming from anyone else, but that’s just Pam’s way. He knows she doesn’t mean anything by it. Plus, she’s earned the right to be smug.
But something about that day specifically had hit home, made poignant just how young, how precious his brother was to him. How he’d do anything,
“‘s okay. I get them too sometimes.” He rubs his stiff neck and yawns. “You um… you wanna talk about it?”
As his heart sinks, his hackles rise and he whips his head back toward the culprits to whisper venomously, “You—
Why he believes that with every atom, every molecule making up his meager existence, why he feels it down in his marrow, he hasn’t a clue. He'd give this man the moon and stars on a silver platter if it were within his power. Even if it terrifies him, he’s never been more certain of anything in his life.
That makes him wonder what other misconceptions he may have about Eden. He saw the way Donna leaned into Jody’s personal space, the obvious fondness in their shared glances. Jo nestled comfortably on Charlie’s lap on the couch for the better part of an hour, humming along to the music from Dean’s vinyls during lulls in their banter. Jesse and Cesar holding hands while sitting at the kitchen table across from Benny, Meg, and Ezekiel.
Legs numb and tingling from the lack of circulation, knees protesting, he whimpers but complies, eager to play out Castiel’s fantasy in whatever way he demands.
Even without a voice to match, he’d recognize the hand on his shoulder. The size and weight of it, the way it rests firmly yet still feels tentative, as though Dean is something fragile or might easily be scared off. He doesn’t speak for fear that the hand will fall away, just hums deep in his throat and tilts his head. A little further, maybe he could rest his cheek on it…
Sam’s helped, but he’s also learned not to push, not like he used to. Cas, though... it’s Cas who’s really bringing it all out into the open. Reading him like a friggin’ book now that some of the air’s cleared between them (it’s not perfect, but they’re getting there, they’re making progress. Healing together).
Dean returns his attention to the food, scooping up another few bites in quick succession, leaving Castiel more confused than when this conversation began. Rather than pursue it, he figures it’s best to pretend he heard nothing. He takes Dean’s cue and nibbles at a strip of bacon, hoping he doesn’t look as stunned and shaken as he feels.
Head tilted, he squints. “But they are ‘real food’,” Cas says, air quotes and all. “I eat them all the time.”
“Boy, I been hollerin’ for five damn minutes,” comes Bobby’s gruff voice. “Told you idjits if you’re gonna wear these at work to
“You’re leaving?” Dean swallows hard, an anxious half-smile twisting the edges of his lips. He sends a silent prayer to whatever god will listen that Cas says no, or asks him to come with.
Sometimes Dean’s still gotta pinch himself, a physical reassurance that yeah, this is their life now. This is
of all people, or finds out he's been taking the ugly gold Lincoln Continental Mark V her old man sold him to “hang out”
Dean runs the faucet, rinsing the rest of the product from his fingers and swipes them quickly over the towel hung beside the sink. Ready to leave, he turns and moves for the exit when Cas stops him with a hand on his arm. The doorway is a tight fit, bringing them nearly chest to chest. His eyes automatically fall to Castiel’s lips, which part on a gentle breath that ghosts over Dean’s chin as Cas reaches up to tease a strand he must have missed into place.
this song, this sappy oldies crap. He's a rock ‘n’ roll man; to him, anything lacking an electric guitar is practically sacrilegious, and even then, he’s picky. No hair bands, and definitely nothing produced after 1979. (Okay, maybe with a few exceptions. Don't judge.) But
Between swigs, he scrolls through his contacts and finds the number for his landlord. He cancels his apartment lease, agrees to pay the fee, then locates a moving company to go clear out his belongings and ship them to Eden. Not that he has much besides shoddy used furniture, but he does at least want his books, picture albums, and the art pieces he’s commissioned from Rowena over the years. With that in mind, he also places calls to her, Balthazar, and Hannah to notify them of his plan, much to their mixed delight, pride, and sorrow. He’ll wait to call Gabriel until he's calm (and sober) because… fuck, he loves his brother to the end of the earth and back but he absolutely cannot deal with his cheek right now. It’s far too soon for “I told you so’s”.
“Hey, it’s not old-fashioned,” Dean replied a bit defensively as he watched Alejandro walk over to his stereo and take out his phone, probably to connect it via bluetooth. “I mean, I listen to…” He tried to come up with some more recent artists but failed miserably.
“Okay, fine,” Sam conceded, “I’m just saying, if… you know, if the opportunity presents itself don’t hold out on my account. Would be nice not having to deal with your snoring for one night.”
“At least someone’s in a good mood,” he heard from the direction of the entrance, blinked the sleep from his eyes, and then saw Sam standing there, dressed in long shorts and a loose-cut t-shirt.
“Okay,” he said, running his fingers over his forehead as he thought for a moment. Then, he put his fingers in the right position for the first chord and started playing ‘Freebird’. It was fairly easy and, despite still feeling oddly nervous about this, he managed to play the song without any major mistakes.
“Everything okay?” Alejandro asked with a predominantly casual tone when Dean had again been quiet for a while, just sipping his coffee.
“Yeah. That about covers it. Cas is back, and I’ve finally got my head out of my own ass and admitted what he means to me. I don’t think it can get much better than that.”
The explanation of everything had been easier to take than the information itself. After having returned the kids to their mom, they had just driven for a bit and then stopped at the side of the road. Dean definitely didn’t want to have that whole conversation while driving with Cas sitting in the back. He wanted to look at him properly. Hell, he hardly got enough of the sight in the first place, just barely able to contain himself from giving in to the urge to hug Cas again, and again. His guilt and regret made that a little easier, though.
Dean shrugged. “Not sure pizza counts, because I never made the dough from scratch. But hey, I made taquitos and queso for Death once.”
Alejandro nodded slowly, brows going up briefly, before he took another bite, almost having finished his burger now.
Cas would have very much liked to flip him around then, grab him by the booted ankles and pound into him with all the need and impatience he felt rising in him, but apparently, that was not what Dean had in mind.
All the times they had kept things from each other, had to weigh their own agendas against one another, and sometimes failed to find a middle ground. In a mere friendship, none of that would have worked out. Cas should not have betrayed everything he’d always believed in for Dean, and Dean should not have risked everything and the greater good for Cas. More than that, if they had only been friends, they both probably should not have forgiven each other for some of the questionable and sometimes outright awful things they had done so easily.
The heaviness inside Dean was now pushed to the side by a feeling of embarrassment, shame even, and he was almost grateful for it because, unpleasant as it was, it was easier to handle than his grief. There was guilt too, at hearing - between the lines - that Sam thought he’d somehow failed him. That he could’ve somehow stopped Dean from torturing himself with all that repression and shame. And no, this definitely was not the moment for jokes, for telling him ‘no chick-flick moments’ or any of the other things he could have said to gloss over the reality of their conversation.
Dean pulled his head back a little, brows shooting up before he made his typical confused and quizzical face, and oh, how Cas loved it. Loved everything about this ridiculous human being and his odd habits and gestures. He couldn’t help but smile. "You appreciate that?"
“But you have got to stop thinking that there are things you cannot share with anyone. If you can’t talk about…
“Well, you know there’s demons, but…” Dean honestly didn’t know how to get ten plus years of new insanely outlandish discoveries and enemies into words, at least not if he didn’t want to keep on talking the entire night. And the next part also didn’t come over his lips easily. “There’s angels, too, and--”
There was nothing else to it, Dean thought as he finally took his first bite. Figuring it out… he had to do just that.
Dean just rolled his eyes at that and then went to pull his chair out from the shade and into the sun. Heat or not, he’d be damned if he didn’t at least get a bit of a tan while on a beach trip.
Cas had loved him. Dean had known that fact for so long, had felt it through all of Cas’ actions. But he had always thought of it as more of a brotherly kind of love rather than… than a romantic one. He wanted to ask Cas so badly how he had meant it, if he had really meant it the way it had sounded to Dean, but he couldn’t. He could only replay Cas’ final words in his mind and try to make sense of them.
As he went back to his room sometime later, not tired yet but exhausted nevertheless, he didn’t know what to do, what to occupy himself with. He tried to listen to some music, but it either felt too loud and harsh, or it tore at something he didn’t want opened. He didn’t want to let out the emotions the melodies and words could trigger. He drank another beer, and then another, starting to feel drowsy but still too restless to sleep.
“You know,” Alejandro said next to him as they were putting bottles of beer and tequila in a tub filled with ice, “if you’re still staying a few more days, you could stay at my place? I mean…” He lifted a hand and brushed his thick wavy hair back behind his ear. “Could be more convenient.”
“Hey, you don’t have to justify this to me,” Dean said, and, despite everything, he meant it. “It does sound great. And Lincoln’s not that far. It’s like, what? Two and a half, three hours?” He didn’t want to sound like that was a condition of him agreeing to this - it was not his place to agree or disagree with it anyway - so he quickly added, “I mean, if you wanted to come down and visit us in the bunker. See the girls, and…” Were they going to take Miracle? Sam had always wanted a dog.
Whenever he tried to imagine himself running such a place, Dean also found that he could not see himself taking on such a pursuit alone. He just didn’t know who to picture himself with, and that thought, more often than not, led to other thoughts he’d rather not allow to surface.
“Well,” Alejandro started and pushed himself back up in a sitting position. “That will all take a while to sink in. If I hear any more tonight, I’m not sure I’ll be of any use for anything else.” He gave Dean a quick peck to the corner of his mouth and with it a promise. And yes, that was certainly better than talking about his life story.
Cas untangled his legs and sat on the edge of the bed a little straighter, feeling how his knees hurt just the tiniest bit from maintaining the awkward position for too long. Something else he had to get used to.
“So,” Sam started, and yep, Dean knew that tone very well. That little hesitant, half swallowed ‘uh’ at the end, before he continued, “Are you gonna be alright?”
Dean breathed in, and when he turned over his shoulder to look at his brother, the small smile on his lips came easier than he would have thought.
They both slid down the bed, facing each other, and it took only a moment for Dean to lean above Cas and bring their lips together. The kiss was slow at first, soft and unhurried, but when a sign left Cas’ lips, Dean felt small shivers running down his back and pool in the pit of his stomach.
Dean rolled his eyes but couldn’t stop the smile on his lips. “There are exceptions. And that cake was delicious.”
On their way back, Dean was mostly quiet, and it was Alejandro who picked up a conversation after a while. He told Dean that his mom had always liked birds which was why he had chosen a vase with hand-painted birds and leaves on it, and went on to explain that he also still had to find Christmas gifts for his family but hadn’t yet decided what to get for everyone.
“Pfft, I ain’t goin’ anywhere. Can’t feel my damn legs,” Dean replies, haughty but exhausted. He rolls onto his stomach, filling the empty, warm space Castiel’s left behind and stretches like a big, satisfied cat.
Cas reaches for Dean’s other hand, lacing their fingers together right over his heart which flutters rapidly like a trapped bat inside his ribs. “Dean…”
Despite his trepidation, the lustful determination in Castiel’s voice sends a thrill quivering through him. Blunt and straightforward as the day he walked into that barn, Cas knows what he wants and has no embarrassment around sex or the human body.
—a very well-defined chest—pressing tightly against his cheek, its alluring, distinctly masculine aroma stirring an entirely inappropriate response down south. Within seconds of that revelation, Frankie Valli’s soft crooning drifts through the air.
with his eyes—what he’s even askin’ for he barely knows—yet somehow Cas meets them with surety. Says nothing for a long minute, communicating solely through their shared gaze that Cas will take care of him, that he’s here to
He sips his drink and immediately masks a wince as it singes the tip of his tongue. “So, ah,” he drawls, “any plans this weekend?”
“Dude, you okay? I’ve been lookin’ everywhere for you!” He shoots a glare over Castiel's shoulder at the other men and tightens his grip on his shoulder. It seems almost… possessive? Perhaps he's over-analyzing the situation.
Dean’s never been into hardcore kinky stuff. Not for lack of curiosity so much as opportunity and long-term partners because let’s face it, there’s a lot of trust involved in opening yourself up to that kind of vulnerability. He hasn’t indulged in most of his wilder fantasies, aside from that drunken night with Rhonda Hurley when he was nineteen (which led to the sizable collection he keeps hidden in the bottom drawer of his dresser that no one knows about and
He sets the basket on the bed, then crawls up beside Dean where he’s kneeling in the center by the headboard, balancing himself with a hand at the small of Dean’s back. Dean forgets to breathe for a long moment. When he does, his throat is dry and scratchy and he ends up coughing into his shoulder, leaning away from Cas so he doesn’t accidentally spit all over him or something.
The mild air feels pleasantly soothing against the exposed skin his black t-shirt doesn’t cover, and as a bead of sweat traverses down his forehead, he grabs the rag hanging from his back pocket and wipes it away. Right when he moves to return it, someone yanks the dangling cord, an earbud popping free and bouncing against his chest.
He nurses the hot mug between both hands and takes a timid sip, watching as Dean pulls eggs out of the carton he’d set by the stove and cracks them into a bowl. Bacon is already frying in one pan, the other bearing a square pad of steadily melting butter. Dean’s eyes flicker repeatedly between Castiel and his task and he shifts uncomfortably from foot to foot in the extended silence.
He concedes, sliding his index finger inside, down to the knuckle. Dean’s blush deepens when he raises an eyebrow. “Dean,” he says, tone low and thick because he meets less resistance than expected, “did you prepare yourself for me?”
“Rufus is gonna kill me,” Cas says on the back end of a hiccup, wiping at his eyes with the only clear spot on his arm.
He wraps one hand around the back of Cas’ thigh to steady him, the other drifting to the nape of his neck and pulling in a silent plea for his lips.
, he thinks, familiar and whisper-soft, mouths brushing once, twice, then again—but he’s pent up, has been for so long, practically
Dean snorts, dragging a hand over his red face to hide from that knowing gaze. “You have no idea. I haven’t jerked off this much since high school.”
his abs tense, ass clenches, and he comes so hard the breath rushes from his lungs, leaves him gasping for air facing the ceiling as if in prayer, the only thing holding him up his trembling thighs forcing his spine into the tile.
It’s on the verge of too rough, teeth clacking and noses bumping as they each fight to control the kiss until frustrated, Castiel stops. Crowding Dean against the wall, he grips Dean’s waist with one hand, jaw with the other, and grins when he sees the man’s green eyes widen in surprise and obvious arousal.
Suddenly time is in flux, everything occurring in slow motion yet happening so fast that he struggles to keep up, has to remind himself just to
And that’s it—Castiel can’t take it—he needs to see Dean, needs to feel and kiss and touch and then he’s hovering above the trembling man, still pumping his fingers as he claims his mouth, rough and demanding. The taste of him sings across his tongue as it plunges into Dean’s pliant mouth, imitating the motion between his legs. Dean keens wantonly against his lips, rocking back down on Castiel’s hand so he lowers himself down to an elbow, bringing them chest to chest, soothing Dean with his comforting weight. He adds yet another finger, and only then does he curl them upward again. Dean’s cock smears precome between their stomachs as he strokes the man into a weeping frenzy, thighs twitching against Castiel’s sides where Dean had released them when he could no longer maintain that position.
Cas’ mouth opens and closes like a landed fish for a second before he frowns and turns away. The rest of the drive is
“You’re breakin’ my heart, cher,” the burly New Orleanian says with a sly smile, hand held over his chest. “Don’t make me beg.”
Since Dean owns Traveling Riverside Repairs, he makes his own hours (though there’s a great deal of work required in running a business, between the hands-on aspects of the job and paperwork, so he still clocks more hours by far than anyone else). It’s given him the freedom and flexibility to do what he truly loves; help people. When something’s broke, they know who to call, and there’s little Dean needs more than to feel needed.
since he’s gotten sick at all, much less anything like this. Aside from pet allergies, the occasional heartburn, and rare seasonal colds, Dean’s always been healthy as a horse. So he doesn’t know how to deal with the maelstrom of symptoms that hit him seemingly out of nowhere; persistent, bone-deep fatigue, body aches, clogged sinuses, sore throat, migraines, fever, dizziness, phlegmy cough, and mild nausea that doesn’t quite make him puke but does make it difficult to eat anything heavier than broth and Saltines.
Before long, they’re squeezed onto the couch, pressed together from shoulder to knee even though there's a six-inch gap between Dean and Charlie, and Castiel thinks he may spontaneously combust. Jo comes in from the kitchen carrying two cups and doesn’t hesitate to perch on Charlie’s lap, an arm slung nonchalantly around the other woman’s neck.
“Told you not to eat that third burger. I swear you’re gonna have a heart attack one of these days.”
When Father first became ill, they’d gathered in that bleak hospital room around the family patriarch, stiff and silent. The twang of antiseptic and bleach and decay burning his nostrils, making him nearly as sick to his stomach as the tension riddling the air, sharp and glistening like knives. Each of the brothers likely contemplated in their own way, in that devastating moment, what it would change, though they already knew the answer.
Leaning into the touch, he murmurs lowly, “I’m fine, just—” He collapses limply onto his back with a grunt, an arm flung over his eyes. “I need a nap.”
It’s unusual for Cas to stumble over his words. The nerves he noticed that morning seem to be back in full force, so he calms his lover with a gentle hand upon his cheek. Wiping away the substance there with one calloused thumb, he recognizes it as flour and grins. Then presses forward—another kiss, deep and reassuring and maybe, maybe just on this side of needy. He doesn’t stop until Cas’ lower back hits the counter’s edge.
Upon arriving back at the house, he tosses the boxes onto the extended bar top counter separating the kitchen from the living room and shouts for Cas to get his ass downstairs. Only silence greets him.
“At the Roadhouse? Oh, dude, you must have been more wasted than I thought. You didn’t shut up about him once for at least an hour.” She clasps her hands over her heart and gazes into the distance over his shoulder as her face takes on the same look she has whenever Arwen’s on screen during their biannual Lord of the Rings marathons.
Ellen shrugs. “I just tell it like I see it. Anyway, take a damn shower. You smell like sweat and whiskey.” She eyes him critically for a second then seems to relent. ”I’ll leave some eggs and bacon out for ya on the counter.”
“Wait—Dean, wait,” Cas breathes, though his body doesn’t seem to share the sentiment as his hips buck against Dean’s. “I have something else for you, too.”
Though the thought of Cas sleeping in Dean’s bed has crossed his mind more than once in the last few days, it’s usually with the hope of an entirely different scenario.
Everyone is exceedingly kind and generous. Several of their guests approach him in the kitchen with praise for the work they've done, especially the new color scheme (to which Dean gives Castiel all the credit), and ask what other plans they have. Dean's grin is wide and proud throughout, his gaze full of affection when he says, "Cas is too humble. He did most of the work on the interior," and Castiel’s heart flutters wildly in response. He suppresses the sensation with a sip of his drink. Or attempts to, at the very least.
They never talk about why they wake up a tangle of limbs each morning, or why they bought appliances and a television but neither of them has so much as looked for another mattress. They gravitate to each other on the couch while watching the new TV, so close their arms and thighs touch, although there is plenty of room. They have dinner with Dean’s family once a week. They move Castiel’s clothes into Dean’s bedroom, and sometimes Cas steals his t-shirts. They don’t talk about why they continue acting like any of that is normal for roommates-cum-friends to do.
Cas doesn’t comment as he climbs under the covers beside him, and the next hour is pure torment. At one point, Cas yawns and stretches. With one leg kicked casually out atop the duvet, he rests the arm closest to Dean behind his head. The other hand splays teasingly across his belly, drawing Dean’s attention as his long fingers occasionally rub, scratch, and tease the taut flesh and sparse trail of hair above the elastic of his waistband. It’s borderline pornographic.
As Dean had said the other night, family means the people who support you through the bad times and the good, and now it’s more clear to him than ever who fits that mold and who does not. It hurts, a sharp stab to the chest that may heal in time but will surely leave a gaping wound until it eventually scars. A reminder of this moment, branded upon his heart, that he’ll carry with him forever. One more for the collection...
Eventually, the topic circles back to the diner. Dean explains that Meg is actually the owner, which leads Castiel's eyebrows to crease in confusion.
It ought to freak him out how quickly he’s adjusted to living with Cas, how comfortable he is with someone he’s known only a short time. Yet they’ve fallen into a pleasant routine together over the last few days, and he’s finding he enjoys the guy’s company more than he has anyone’s in… well, ever.
Cas’ eyes shine up at him beneath dark lashes, not quite sated yet but happy, so clearly happy, and it takes all Dean’s willpower to step back and give them both at least an inch of space, if only for a moment.
“Don’t mention it, buddy.” He clears his throat. “So uh, how about a real drink? I was sorta saving it for after the pizza.”
Dean’s not crying. He’s just not, damn it. He looks up, vision blurred, and says the first words to pop into his mind.
Maybe Dean had too much beer. Shit, if that’s the case, he probably shouldn’t be driving either, but they’re not that far from the house. Whatever the cause, he blurts, “Shit, Cas, if you wanna get me naked all you gotta do is ask.”
“Dean, I’m not interested in anything more than her friendship,” Cas murmurs. “Don’t you want me to have friends here?”
In anticipation for the party, they spent the latter half of that Wednesday painting downstairs. A job which Castiel finished on Thursday, much to Dean’s awe and surprise when he came back from work. Already, it looks like a new house, and with the amount of work the two of them are putting into it, it’s beginning to feel like
, and certainly not so soon. Dean looks equally surprised, if not more so. Opening the door wider, he notices a bright pink flush rising beneath the handsome man’s freckles as his gaze roams. Castiel looks down at himself, confused as to why his appearance would garner such a reaction.
Admittedly, there have been moments when Castiel questioned his early assumptions regarding Dean’s proclivities. To think that perhaps the attraction, the
Yes, he knows Dean. Knows him intimately, in various other ways. He’s learned a catalog of Dean’s laughter, the little chuckles and chortles, the boisterous guffaws. The way he sings in the shower as though no one can hear, or hums beneath his breath while at the stove, focused, tongue between his teeth. The way he grunts and groans in frustration or pain, sniffles and gripes when he’s sick, huffs and growls in anger, annoyance.
Cas’ eyebrows scrunch together with concern. His long fingers, now resting on the table just inches from Dean’s, twitch. “Oh, Dean,” he murmurs, oddly soft for such a deep, rumbling voice, “I’m sorry.”
“It’s alright.” Though he knew that, it’s still a punch in the gut to hear it out loud. He could have been any warm body beside him this morning, and it wouldn’t have made a difference to Dean. His gaze drops to his untouched plate, dejected. “I understand.”
He tries to control his grin as he sits on the bench in the foyer to lace up his boots, Cas hovering in front of him with an unfairly adorable pout. “Dunno, depends on the damage. I’ll text you, but there are leftovers in the fridge just in case.” Before he can think, he stands and presses a quick kiss to Cas’ cheek.
His cheeks heat from the slip of tongue and grow even redder as Cas responds with his familiar soul-searching stare. Castiel’s lips part, then close again, and he looks as if he’s waging some silent, internal battle for two minutes solid. The air continues to thicken between them until Dean’s forced to look away lest his lower brain take renewed interest in the proceedings and get him arrested for indecent exposure. Then he turns and—“Oof!”—Dean grunts as a blur of red tackles him into the row of vegetables behind him.
He resigns himself to satisfying her demand for attention, turns the television on for some comforting white noise, and ends up wasting twenty minutes flipping through the few available channels before finally settling on a nature documentary. Taking the moment to relax and caffeinate, he passes the time idly stroking his tabby's silken fur. It doesn't take long to finish the drink, though, at which point the sweaty clothing and muggy room have seriously begun to irritate.
Sam catches him watching Cas squat down to lift the other end of the bed. His eyebrows shoot into his hairline and he gives Dean a look that says “really?”
. She understood his need to get out and be his own man, and made it clear that he always had a home to come back to if the need arose. With a few proud but stubbornly unshed tears and quick hug from her after, that was that.
But Dean goes on pretending he doesn’t want to bend his roommate over the nearest horizontal surface and kiss him senseless every time he does something completely innocuous like nerd out with Sam over dinner, squint when he doesn't get Dean's references, buy the dorkiest friggin’
Dean grips him tight, breathes shakily in their shared space before clearing his throat. “Then stay.”
For years, this has been his life: wake up before dawn, brush teeth, morning run, shower, get dressed, feed Claire, eat (if he remembers), grab his suitcase. Hop on the subway, work until five (more like seven, frankly, because it seems the workload on his desk only ever increases no matter how much he gets done that day) with an hour for lunch at noon. Take the subway again, feed Claire, eat, brush teeth, then fall asleep with Netflix playing in the background. And the following morning, he rinses and repeats, except for weekends.
It takes three tries to get the right key into the lock before his door finally creaks open. Castiel flips on the floor lamp beside the entry, tosses his briefcase and keys onto the two-person dining table of his meager kitchen, and toes off his shoes. Immediately, a familiar loud purring reaches his ears. Claire, his little blonde tabby, rubs affectionately against his calves, winding a figure-eight through his parted legs.
Later that night, Dean tosses and turns, checking his phone every few minutes although it hasn’t made a sound. It’s well past midnight when Cas comes slinking into the bedroom, and Dean listens with bated breath while he putters softly about on socked feet, stripping his clothes.
Cas finally looks at him, scowling. “Fine.” Even when he’s being kinda pissy, he’s fucking adorable. He pivots on his heel, prepared to stalk toward the stairs, but stops suddenly and glances over his shoulder. “Bring drinks, too.”
And damn, I need this pandemic to be over already because I want to go to quite a few of the places that are mentioned in this chapter. Most of all the last ;-)
Dean felt himself inwardly wince at Alejandro’s words, and something must have betrayed his thoughts on his features because Alejandro’s brow furrowed ever so slightly, his eyes shining with sympathy as he looked at Dean.
“I had to make a call, and so I did,” Sam replied, “Because this,” he made a waving motion in the direction of the sea, “it’s good for you. I haven’t seen you so relaxed and in such a good mood in years. You need this, Dean, and you deserve it. So take a few more days, or a week or two, and just freaking enjoy your life for once. Come back when you want to, and not because you feel like you have to, or like you owe
It was a sunny day, but far from too hot for outdoor activities. They were offered hats or helmets to protect them against the sunshine, and of course, Dean picked a gambler-style cowboy hat, grinning to himself as he finally mounted the horse. After some final checks, making sure that the saddles were fixed correctly and the stirrups having the right length, Dean and Sam followed Yolanda out through the gate and onto a sandy path between bushes and trees.
Dean laughed softly at the exaggeration as he found the case in a corner and went to put the guitar away.
“Okay, I have to say something,” Sam started again after a while, when Dean had already thought - hoped - they’d continue the last few miles to the store in silence, just with the radio playing softly. And this time, even though Dean could read his brother pretty well most of the time, he had no clue what he was going to hear. The thumping of his heart in his chest told him it may not be something he’d like.
Dean should have known, and he cursed himself for being so transparent when he really didn’t want to be, wanted to just enjoy himself and have a good time with Alejandro. “Nah, it’s okay,” he said, making a waving motion with one hand. “I mean, I wouldn’t want to dump all this stuff on you. Plus, I’m really fine.”
Alejandro was sorting the bills and coins and then handed several large peso notes to Dean, who looked at him, a little taken aback. “Huh? Why are you giving me money?”
And here's a little poem by Alma that, I thought, fits these next few chapters of the fic perfectly. :-)
A few miles east of Butt Mountain was a reservoir called Almanor, a town at its north shore, as well as smaller settlements and resorts all around it. So that was where he’d be heading.
“Yeah, I keep forgetting...,” Alejandro chuckled and shook his head, but then he raised his beer and clanked it against Dean’s bottle. “Salud. And thank you for dinner.”
Following an impulse, Dean sent the photo to Claire - just that, without any comment. It was still pretty early, and he had no idea if she was even up yet, but she could check it later. Maybe it would make her smile, he thought as he went to the bathroom for a quick shower and then got dressed for the day.
Dean couldn’t tell then, nor much later when he thought about it, what had changed in that moment. Maybe it was the fact that he was now entirely on his own with no definite destination in mind; maybe it was the freaking beautiful sunset he was driving towards, or the warm light painting the hills and rocks around him orange. Maybe it had been Leanne’s words, or Claires, or his own realization two nights ago; or the fact that he had found a cable in the glove compartment, connected his phone to the car radio and was actually listening to this uplifting
Alejandro’s warm, wet lips instantly opened under his. As Dean felt the other man’s tongue against his own, it felt as though his heart was beating up his throat, making it constrict with how overwhelmingly exciting it felt to finally, after years and years of denying himself this, kiss another man. To feel the stubble of his beard tickle Dean’s skin, almost scraping it, deliciously rough; the hardness of his Adam's apple against Dean’s thumb before he brought his hand lower, let it roam, feel the neatly trimmed hair on Alejandro’s chest at the neckline of his tank top. Hear the low, throaty breaths as he caught them with his lips.
glad it was the right one - as he ran his fingers up to the side of his neck in a slow, soothing caress.
“I wouldn’t want this to be over in two minutes. This… is your first time with a guy?” he asked carefully, looking up and over to Dean, who was leaning above him on his side.
In the shower - their first one that night - neither Dean nor Alejandro had been willing to keep their hands off each other. Wasting more water than was probably sensible, they had been lucky that it only started getting cold when Alejandro came over Dean’s hand. They had laughed about it as they dried themselves off and got dressed, only in their underwear, before they sat down at Alejandro’s small, round dining table to drink some tequila and chat.
“No avocado abomination for you today?” he asked instead, casually teasing and heard his brother snort while Dean was settling down to lie comfortably on his back, sunglasses on and feeling the heat on his skin.
“I can’t believe it,” Alejandro replied, though, again, Dean was confident he did, incredulous though he was.
As the image faded to black a minute later, Dean let his phone lie on the pillow next to his. He still had found no answer when, after what felt like a long time, he finally drifted off to sleep.
The ranch house itself was exactly what Dean had expected. Simple but nice, probably close to a hundred years old but thoroughly refurbished. It had a light wood facade and a big front porch, framed by a simple but well-kept front yard. There was a bigger patio at the back of the house, leading onto a lush green lawn with a big, brick-built grill, and the interior was a mix of light and cozy, old and modern.
“Oh yeah? So when you stuffed your entire face with Kaia and Claire’s chocolate cake the other day, you were just faking it?”
As the days went on, things got, if not a lot but at least a little bit, better. Dean still felt like he both couldn’t trust this new freedom and also didn’t really know what to do with it, or where the road was heading, this time. He could try to find a job, an actual, paying job, like fixing cars, or he could try as Lee had done - just minus the monster in the basement - and open a bar. Now, at the very least, with several days having passed without any sort of hunt having popped up, Dean could not deny that he felt a little bit bored.
However, he was not fully comfortable with playing that whole game with a guy just yet, and so he opted for a safe middle ground, something subtle and probably, in a way, something more sincere and authentic.
“Jesus,” Alejandro sighed around a low chuckle, breath still going fast, and yeah, that definitely was a good sign. “No, don’t say it!” Alejandro beat him to the pun Dean may or may not have made.
He got there very early in the morning to get on a boat that would take them to some of the outer reefs. The whole boat ride took roughly two hours, which gave his instructor enough time to explain the basics to Dean. He wouldn’t have admitted it, but he actually was a little nervous when he finally jumped into the water and had to breathe through the regulator in his mouth. But the sea was calm and the boat steady, so it gave him enough time to get accustomed to using the equipment and then, after a few final checks, finally descend into the ocean.
“If I’d known you could cook, I’d have asked you to do this sooner,” Alejandro said, laying a hand on Dean’s right shoulder and briefly resting his chin on the other, peeking over it onto the countertop.
Suddenly, a thought and an image invaded his mind, and even though he pushed it away, it lingered in his consciousness, making him wonder what, if Cas was still alive, their completely normal, mundane everyday life could have looked like. Could they have sat together, among a group of friends and family? Not as hunter and angel, but just as two people who held hands and kissed and looked at each other with love and adoration in their eyes.
He liked it here on the ranch, too, liked the daily routines he’d established over the past few days, the physical work and the mostly soothing, calming presence of the horses - if they weren’t being little shits like that one gelding that had thrown him off a few days ago. He also liked Cesar and Jesse, of course; he enjoyed spending the evenings with them over a great, home-cooked meal and pleasant conversation, but they were more subdued, more focused on each other and the microcosm of their ranch. As much as Dean enjoyed the peace and quiet down here, he also felt strangely lonely with the absence of Leanne’s lively energy.
And I've missed a few of my regular readers the past two chapters or so. Hope you guys are doing well (and that you're still enjoying the fic ^^ ). Would love to hear from you again. <3
“I’m not sure,” Dean replied, trying to force his thoughts or the way that physical contact made him feel for a split-second to the back of his mind. He put on a smirk. “I mean, I understand only half of what they’re saying, so I really couldn’t tell.”
Dean couldn’t help but wonder how much Alejandro could make with that. It wasn’t exactly packed and hadn’t been all day.
Of course, he had always had that, and he’d made good use of many aspects, many pleasures of life, before, too. Up to the point of defeating Chuck, however, it had always felt like he had to rush through everything, take and savor it as long as he could, and often pass up on opportunities too because their life, their responsibilities, got in the way. Or his own, stupid self.
Dean crawled back up the towel, leaning above Alejandro, and looked down into his flushed face. “All I wanted to say was I hope I don’t get lockjaw later,” he said, rubbing his hand over his chin and working his mouth open and close, a bit more deliberately than needed.
He started with his and Sam’s trip to Mexico and how he had met Alejandro. Dean still felt - as he knew, irrationally - guilty for it, but when he told Cas how it had been Alejandro to push Dean to finally face his grief, he was met with nothing but understanding and sympathy from Cas. The way he gently kissed Dean - pouring comfort and reassurance into the contact - made Dean feel very much okay and at peace with everything that had happened.
Dean shot him a mock-annoyed glare that only made Alejandro’s smirk grow wider, before he checked his reflection in the store window. “I look ridiculous. I mean, not to disrespect your country’s traditions or anything…”
“Uh, Sam already went back home again. It’s a long story, but I… yeah. I’m road-tripping,” Dean replied, not quite knowing how to continue without outright inviting himself. And wondering whether he even wanted that.
“Good to know,” Dean replied, not feeling like the grin was going to leave his lips any time soon. “And please,
having a kind of midlife crisis, he thought two evenings later. If anyone was entitled to having one, then it was definitely him who had literally just ended the most significant, dominating, and all-consuming era of his life. It was probably natural that he felt lost and clueless, sometimes even to the point of wanting to ask
It really must have come as a surprise, though. Alejandro set the sketchbook aside and went back to the kitchenette, pouring himself another tequila, and Dean had to laugh at that.
He desperately tried to come up with something to distract himself with, but music was always way too emotional and personal, and every movie or TV show he could think of also didn’t seem like a good idea. Either he’d watched them with Cas, or he could imagine what Cas might say about them, or they had themes of loss and romance or just didn’t seem like something he was in the mood for. After a while, he ended up watching a documentary on ancient history and archaeology. While, yes, that too made him think of Cas for a moment, wondering if he’d seen the civilizations of ancient Egypt, it was at least lulling enough to become a sort of background noise. He listened to the voices rather than really taking anything in, and at some point, without even trying, Dean drifted off to sleep.
Of course, Dean knew how to swim and had done so many times, most often back in his school years, but he’d only ever swam in pools and a couple of times in lakes. This, the movement of the water that made it a little tricky to keep his balance and the salty smell of the sea and the sandy ground, was a completely different sensation. It was slightly overwhelming, scary even, with the ocean stretching for miles and miles and reaching depths he didn’t like thinking about. But here, the ground beneath his feet was only slowly sloping, still shallow enough to stand even a bit further out.
So, so sorry guys. I made a post about this on tumblr, but I don't know how many of you are following me there, so I'm hoping you weren't too disappointed (or even concerned) that there was no update this Tuesday. The thing was, I recently started watching 9-1-1, and the second-last episode last week as well as the finale this Monday had my last two brain cells scream the name of the biggest ship of that show. Big stuff happened, and I've still not fully processed it ^^ (if any of you need a good show to watch with an overall very diverse cast, amazing characters and a super super cute and amazing ship - buddie - give it a go).
The next song Maria played after a short round of applause by everyone was another Spanish tune, a bit slower than the first and a hint more melancholy. It didn’t help with the strange mixed feelings in Dean’s chest that he found more and more difficult to push away. He tried to focus on the sounds of the waves, then the faces of the people who looked at Maria and listened in amazed reverie. He watched her fingers move over the strings, nimble and skilled, and he remembered briefly what it had felt like to hold a guitar in hands and produce notes himself, so many years ago. Maybe he should pick it up again sometime. These days, you could learn everything from online tutorials anyway, so nothing was stopping him.
’ he wrote as he poured himself a cup of coffee, adding a spoonful of sugar. He definitely also needed breakfast.
“Ah,” Dean said, brows going up a bit as he automatically imagined himself in an Old West scenario, with dirty boots, a cowboy hat, and a revolver on each side of his holster. He could get behind that. Dean slid a little closer, his shoulder bumping into Cas’. “Interesting. Does he have the same, irresistible charisma that I have?”
So again, thank you to ALL of you who took the time to comment - whether it was a several 100 word long review or just a small line here and there; who joked and squeed and yelled at me for that cliffhanger. You have made this experience so much richer and more beautiful than I could have imagined.
“No, no,” Dean quickly cut him off, “this isn’t about a hunt. I’m… uh, on vacation, actually. Well, kind of. I’ve just come up from Mexico. Me and my brother finally took a beach trip like we always wanted but never got around to doing.”
blond as a kid! See? And now it’s all coming out again. Besides, compared to most people around here, you’re practically platinum blond.”
Sam had gone to buy some groceries at one of the stores across the main road, and Dean dried himself off after his last dip in the ocean. He put on his t-shirt and decided to go get a beer. Now seemed like a good time to address the elephant in the room.
Sam didn’t bring anything up anymore when they met back at the bar, though, and he didn’t make things awkward around Alejandro, who was a pleasant, friendly host (and yes, not bad looking either, but Dean ignored that fact, plus there was no telling if he was into men or women). Teresa, the owner of the small guest house and her daughter Juana were just as welcoming, and when Sam and Dean moved into their apartment at around eight, they found the place simple but spotless, warm and cosy. The two women had even stocked their kitchenette with some things for breakfast and told them they could call any time if they needed something.
The call had not just Dean paralysed in shock, but the vampire was distracted as well. Instead of fully running into Dean; instead of pushing him backwards several steps with the weight of its own body, it just brushed by him, nearly stumbled, and had to regain its balance. That was all it took for Dean to shake himself loose and turn the game around. He tripped up the vampire, grabbed it by the jacket, and he swung it in the direction he would have been shoved. He saw the post with the rebar and heard the sound of the metal piercing the vampire’s back, just a second or two before Sam was at his side and beheaded it right where it stood, pinned to the post. Pinned and impaled as Dean would have been, had it not been for…
Instantly, there was a warm and excited feeling in his chest that made Dean’s heart beat faster. It was almost a sense of shock - a moment in which his still drowsy mind needed a moment to catch on. Cas was here, alive, sleeping in Dean’s bed. Brushing a kiss to the crown of Cas’ head, Dean brought his hand around his middle and let it rest gently on his back, feeling the warmth of his body through the fabric of his t-shirt. He could not remember when he’d last felt like this - if ever - so happy, so filled with joy and love that it almost felt like his mind and body weren’t able to contain it.
After a while, an elderly couple came to the beach, claiming two loungers for themselves, and Dean felt it was safe to just leave his belongings on the chair while he’d go for a swim. The water was slightly cooler this morning, probably from currents from deeper parts of the ocean flowing up towards shore with the rising wind.
“As an ASL teacher for adults,” he replied, and this time, the smile on his lips turned a little brighter, lasted longer, and it was clear to see the pride in it. However, his brow was also furrowed slightly, and he regarded Dean with a regretful expression that made Dean feel even worse than if his brother had been blasé about it. “There’s a learning center for people who recently lost their hearing, up in Lincoln. It’s a pretty big opportunity. Good employer. It’s a municipal institution with additional funding from a private foundation. The payment would be pretty good, too. And with it being a bigger city, I’m sure I could find something a little more challenging than doing maintenance, too.”
It only went on for a few more minutes. Dean could feel Alejandro squeezing him more tightly and tightly, hear the hitched breaths and see every sign of pleasure on his features. The familiar feeling of something like electricity pooled in the pit of Dean’s stomach and shot through his thighs in rising waves until, with a deep, hoarse groan, he thrust in a final time, hard, and came.
Once again, words lingered at the edge of his consciousness. He tried to push them away, but they were there, ingrained in his mind as a source for both comfort and grief. While he still struggled to believe everything Cas had said to him, a part of him did, a part trusted that Cas had been able to see more in him, see him more clearly than Dean ever saw himself. Maybe this was what it all boiled down to. John Winchester had always claimed to do things out of love for his family, but it had been mainly a need for revenge that had driven him. And while Dean had so often thought this was his main motivator, too - that he
Dean, feeling somewhat giddy about this now, reached into the side-compartment of the driver’s door to search for a tape he’d remembered, though he rarely ever listened to it.
Alejandro was right in front of him now. His hand reached out for Dean’s lower arm, and in just that split-second moment, Dean was so torn between wanting to lean against him, drawing him in for comfort, letting it all out, and recoiling to keep it all in, deny it, go back to enjoying himself and the evening, and not feeling this way. The latter impulse won, and Dean pulled away just as Alejandro’s fingers brushed his forearm.
Dean felt a little relieved, though he briefly let the thought linger of why exactly it unsettled him so much if people could tell he was into men. After all, he had decided he didn’t want to hide that part of himself any longer. But as with everything, he assumed, it wasn’t something you could simply turn off like a switch.
,” Dean replied huffily, but in the same breath wondered if he was. It had been a long, long time since he’d been with anyone. He’d practically lived like a monk these past few years, and although part of him had always known why, that was another can of worms he didn’t want to, or rather wasn’t ready to open.
“Pie and cake,” Sam added, and for the first time since this whole conversation had started, Dean, surprisingly, felt a genuine chuckle come over his lips.
Despite having done this before, it felt mostly unfamiliar, definitely different than riding a mechanical bull, and it took Dean a while to get used to the rhythm of the gait. Despite her agile movements, the mare was calm enough for an inexperienced rider, and so Dean wasn’t at all concerned and instead focused on his surroundings.
But Alejandro was there, more experienced than him in this aspect, and there was a gentleness in his gaze now as he propped himself up on one elbow, one hand reaching for Dean’s shoulder - and for a split-second, Dean
Dean let out a small chuckle, looking down at the amber colored liquid in his glass and swirling it slowly. “I’ve done construction work before. And I guess I could always work as a mechanic somewhere. I’ve rebuilt and repaired Baby more times than I can count.”
? Had there been people before who had taken one or two good looks at him and thought ‘not straight’, even while Dean, himself, hadn’t wanted to see and acknowledge it? The thought was still uncomfortable and confusing, but even more so was the fact that Dean was wondering if Sam was right…
It was a bit too cold to sit down here - he hadn’t even put on a jacket over his flannel and tee - but Dean stood there for a while, just watching the lights reflect dimly on the black waters of the lake, listened to the soft sounds of trees and the distant hoot of an owl every now and then. It was really peaceful here. Beautiful. For some reason, despite the fact that he was
3. I promise and I swear that Destiel is still endgame, though I and my beta reader have fallen in love with Alejandro a bit. I don't know if I mentioned this, but I imagine Alejandro to look like Santiago Cabrera (as he looked in Merlin, later seasons with the shorter hair).
When Dean went into greater detail, telling him about Jefferson Rooney and how he had been the one, possessed by Lucifer, to father Jack, Alejandro seemed even more astounded by the tale than the whole Nazi Necromancers story.
And so, Cas was not surprised when, a good week after he had returned, and on an evening when Sam had headed out to meet up with Eileen, Dean came over to his room. The door was half-open, and Dean leaned against the doorway when Cas looked up to him from where he had been sitting on the foot of the bed, cross-legged and reading a book.
As Alejandro was checking some home decor items in a store window, Dean spotted some display rack with the more campy, touristy variety of clothing - typical sombreros, ponchos, shirts, and dresses in traditional Mexican patterns and colors. He also spotted something that was probably a little more exotic for the locals - hats that more closely resembled American cowboy hats, and Dean stopped to look at them, feeling a strange mix of emotions in his chest once more.
