He really shouldn’t be doing this. But as he sits at his desk on a Saturday morning, Cas finds the “shouldn’t” just adds to his excitement. It’s against the rules. They could be caught somehow. He’s going to be aroused every time he comes to work, and his office might still smell like sex on Monday.
Cas meets his heated gaze steadily, then rounds his desk and sits on the edge, directly in front of Dean. “I think we could have that meeting now. Let’s talk about how you could contribute to the team.”
Dean sighs. “Listen, it seems like you might understand me, so I’m going to be honest with you. I need money. My brother, Sam, he’s sick, and I don’t know how to help him. There’s a medicine, I’m told, but it’s expensive. You’re my last hope. And I know you’re probably going to eat me or set me on fire or something, but I had to say I did everything I could.”
…and as he’s crying out in pleasure every time he thrashes against his husband’s neckties while said husband plunges his mouth down his cock because he’s been
Castiel smiles. He appreciates the balance Gabe and Sam give him and each other. “Thank you both for doing this.”
Castiel dove into it, talking excitedly to Dean as he pointed to the different varieties and suggested a braggot he might enjoy. Realizing he’d been rambling for a bit, he finally looked up at Dean, who was wholly focused on his face, grinning softly, his chin in his hand and familiar green eyes warm and sparkling. “What?”
“You look good in your clothes, you look good in my clothes, you look good in no clothes. I wanna jump your bones no matter what, and I can’t get it up that fast anymore.”
“No. Stop avoiding it. Go talk to him. Having that tough conversation will help you be done. Or closer to done.”
The prince chuckles ruefully, giving permission to the others to laugh as well. But as amusing as it is, Dean is more worried than amused.
Abraham nods thoughtfully. “And that’s not what you wanted. You wanted to be a serious, productive member of these companies.”
“Had to put my hand on his chest to get him back to sleep, like you do,” he whispers. “If you give me your keys, I can move your car and get your driveway plowed. Snow's letting up a bit.”
Dean snorts. “I like this side of you. But I can’t. I’d feel bad waking her. And I think she was out late with Jack and some other kids celebrating Jack’s birthday.”
much (though he’s really not fooling himself with that thought) and asks, “Do you know how sad it was to jerk off in my childhood bedroom, thinking about you?”
Jilly walks back in, accompanied by the landlord, Harry, with whom they’d signed the lease. Cas feels Dean relax next to him, and he relaxes, too. They have that effect on each other. His ease is short-lived, however, when he sees they’re arguing. Dean tenses up and leans toward Cas; Cas steps closer to him, allowing their shoulders to bump.
“Kinda? Hmm. Clearly, I haven’t done a good enough job telling you how much I love you and want to spend my life with you. I’d better show you.”
tell you that I’m not doing it well.” He tapes the fresh diaper on and dresses him in a new outfit, then busses him on the cheek. With a baby wipe, he dabs at the stain on his shirt, to little success. He picks Matthew up, then looks at them both in the mirror. Two blotches are streaked down his stomach like a disgusting inkblot test. “Safe to say I won’t be impressing any future daddy of yours today, huh? Not that any are coming around, but you never know.” Castiel gazes down at the baby. “Can I be your dad? Huh? I’d like to be, even though I totally suck at it. And I shouldn’t.” He snuggles him close, smelling his thick hair. When they’re like this, Castiel has a hard time remembering that Matthew needs more, deserves more than the life he can offer. “Well, discussion for another day, when I can think clearly. I love you, Matthew. Let’s go finish our very long day, shall we?”
. It’s gorgeously domestic, and it makes him want to cry and tell Cas everything, just for a chance to have this forever. From all the fanfic he’s read, it seems like all he’d have to do is confess his love and boom, they’d be together and clearing the table for sexy times...but in reality, they have pie to make and a friendship not to ruin. Plus, table sex doesn’t sound all that fun. It’s a hard surface, and theirs is sort of wobbly, shimmed by a wadded-up piece of notebook paper.
“I need to stay and figure out how to close up the store.” He sighs. “Fuck, the weather’s shitty and I don’t know how to close up a gaping hole—”
“Now,” Gabe said, wrapping a ribbon of bulky yarn around his fingers in the only sort of knitting he knew how to do. “You know he didn’t impress me.”
he’s dressed, though. He looks like he just walked out of some yachting magazine—khakis with the seams rolled, a light, creamy shirt, a pair of leather sandals, and a couple of bright batik-print fabric bracelets. His hair, which is shorter than usual, is gelled into place. He looks incredibly hot—not quite like
Sam can’t help a chuckle. “I’ll go, too. Maybe I can smooth the way. Or I can at least remove your body from the premises.”
“You’re assuming we wouldn’t work out! Why are you assuming we wouldn’t work out in the first place? And even if we didn’t, why are you assuming you would lose me? My friendship?”
Hearing Cas above the noise of their families chatting and praising dessert, Dean sprints inside to find Cas sprawled on the floor of Dean’s sunken living room. “Cas! You okay?”
A soft tapping at 9:00 has Castiel on guard. Most people he knows don’t come around at that hour anymore. When he peeks through the window and sees Dean, though, he relaxes and opens the front door.
“Don’t worry about it, Cas. Your neat freak tendencies are well-documented.” He smiles softly, taking the edge off his jibe at Castiel’s preference to keep things tidy—more a work habit than a home habit now that he has a baby in his care, but his home is certainly not up to his usual standard right now. Dean stands carefully; Castiel supports his elbow as he does so. He disappears into the bedroom. Castiel can hear him coo “Shh, it’s okay, buddy” as Matthew squeaks in protest at having been put down. A minute later, Dean tiptoes out.
. Preferably with your mouth closed. And slow down.” He adds, softer, “The food isn’t going anywhere.”
After he drops Gabe off, Cas heads to his apartment. It’s not where he wants to be, but their roleplay didn’t lend itself to spending the night, though if Cas had wanted to do the couple thing he knows Dean would’ve changed it up for him. In fact, he knows that Dean tried, when he called him those endearments they use. How transparent is he that Dean knew that’s what he wanted, or at least knew to use those words to get him off? It was working. Very well. And the worst part is that, despite knowing he has to stop this couple thing to protect himself, Cas wanted to go with it. He wanted it so much. That’s why he stopped. That’s why he didn’t take Dean up on his offer to stay, too, because he didn’t think he could be in the same house with him after two weeks of separation and
Garth puts Cas’ chair right next to Dean, even though it would’ve been easier to simply put the empty chair on the end of the table like he did on the other side for Gabe. Benny, edged out but not seeming to mind, slides his chair to the end across from Gabe.
Dean checks the riggings for the tree they’re about to fell. He’s careful—always careful about safety—but Sam can tell his mind is still on the note that was waiting for him this morning:
would make up some stupidly romantic thing about how he never thought he would get into a friends-to-boyfriends thing but you made him change his mind, and that would be that. But no. You had to insult his dearly-and-foolishly-held rule about dating friends, and he had to defend it instead of saying ‘I’ve reconsidered’ or some other rubbish, and then the two of you had an actual argument. Personally, I loved it. Like Felix said, you’ve had all that between you for forever. Time to be big boys and talk.”
Cas swallows his disappointment at Dean not bringing up their third option, the one Cas chose for them when he muckled onto Dean’s mouth. “Right.”
“I know.” He squeezes Kiri a little closer. “I talked about my own experience a bit, showed her the tattoo. Gave her Mia’s number.”
“Why are you writing Dad’s name?” Jack asks. He must recognize the C and N, because the rest of it is a squiggly scrawl.
“That’s two days! I can’t believe you’re doing this to me! How could you turn me out? I’m your flesh and blood! You’ve got this all wrong! How could you believe these—these
“It doesn’t count as work if I’m the customer, too,” Dean argues preemptively. He glances outside. “Startin’ to come down pretty hard. Looks like I’ll get a chance to try out my new plow tomorrow.”
Claire rolls the conversation around in her head for a while, then decides to text her cousin, Maya. Despite the eight year age difference between their fathers, Maya’s only a year older than her. She’s known Daddio most of their lives, so she’d probably be able to tell if he might want to adopt them. Plus, she’s told her all the crap about Zoe.
And it was true that Dean had been doing just that, everywhere they went. Cas knew it was part of the act, but when they were out, they were “out,” as it were. Dean never hesitated to take his hand, never looked around before wrapping his arm around him. Dean’s attention, too, was solely on him—not that this was unusual for Dean, but seeing those soft, shining eyes for him and him only, not wandering to other people or better opportunities, was intoxicating.
“If we don’t stop this is gonna—” Keys jangling outside the door alert Dean to a whole other problem. “Shit!”
do not stand on ceremony, and that I would be most pleased to share your bedchamber...specifically, your bed, Your Majesty.”
Castiel scowls at Dean, who’s grinning wickedly. Self-conscious now, his confidence has faltered a little at the joke. He folds his arms and looks away, trying to play it cool. “Just get undressed.”
“But…” Dean starts. His chest aches and he feels lost. He thought he knew him better than anyone, and yet he didn’t know this. “Why would you hide it from
Dean wins the brief argument that ensues, and when he returns with Cas’ icy treats, he uses them to bribe Cas to eat. He gets almost a whole bowl of chicken broth in him before Cas rejects it. The cherry popsicle is eaten completely, or at least until the bottom of it breaks off the stick because he took too long to eat it. He’s asleep by 7:30. Dean is beginning to worry.
The server came by then with the check. Dean grabbed the iPad she presented before Castiel could, swiping his card and signing his name with his finger.
Their tired-looking but cheerful server, Nora, comes to check on them. “Planning on dessert tonight?”
. He gets an excuse to walk away from them when Bea and Spence start whining for dinner, but after that and bedtime routines, he’s back to angsting over the videos.
“I know, but you’ve been here since 6:30. Even with your lunch break, you’re over your time, and that could get me into trouble.”
Dean wished, in that moment, that he could hug him, kiss him, hold him and comfort him. Instead, he squeezed the phone in his hand a little tighter.
Once he has the orders, he retreats to the kitchen. Dean follows. “Go sit, I can get these,” he starts to scold his friend.
Dean opens his eyes and glares at him, and it’s so grumpy-kitten cute that Cas can’t restrain his laugh. When Dean straddles him, though, he’s no longer laughing. He hovers over Cas’ hard-as-nails cock. “Do it or I will,” he threatens.
foreign—like the two of them having sex. That’s pretty big, and they probably didn’t talk about it nearly enough, but he thinks it’ll be okay. It’s just sex. What’s between them has always been there and will continue to be there, no matter what happens. He hopes.
Cas gripped the sleeve of Dean’s jacket. “My sacrifice...it saved you. It saved the world. I’m sorry if my declaration hurt you—”
“We don't need a mascot. We’re a fucking fire station. ‘Sides, aren't we supposed to have a Dalmatian or something?"
“Hey, now, wait a minute. I didn’t say you were to blame. It’s my issue. It was never about my trust or confidence in you,” Cas assures him with a hand on his arm. “It’s about my confidence in
“You said your dad was instantly smitten. I was, too. I rented that house for you, because of that conversation we had with the Rusties when I was looking for a new place. Charlie mentioned that house and I...I wanted to make you happy, even if nothing was going on with us at the time.”
Somehow, Cas seems to at least figure out from his senseless babbling that something is wrong. He stands them up quickly, jamming his hands in Dean’s armpits and practically picking him up, then rushes them toward their bedroom. They stumble through their door just as Vaughn turns on the living room light.
The six pile into an Uber van and head to a bar that Eileen knows. They’re hosting a “Sick of Your Family?” karaoke night. It seems lots of people are, given the crowd. Drinks are ordered all around, and Charlie gives Cas a separate tin before she hands out her special cookies around the table—sexually suggestive Pilgrims. Cas has the same, in gluten free form. They’re irreverent and hilarious, just like Charlie. “Practicing for my Christmas cookies I’m doing this year,” the baker explains with a laugh. She shares with some of the other tables, and the mood is even more buoyant than before.
“It is. You’re always telling me I dive into things before I think, and this is just another shining example.”
For a moment, his self-doubt creeps in. Dean probably will leave him eventually, move on to something bigger and better than a boring, small-town hick with a kid and debt. But then he shakes his head. He knows better. He has faith in Dean.
Cas tugs him up by the arm, not the hair as he’d hoped. His strength is intoxicating, though, and he wants to feel it again. So he resists as Cas tries to guide him to the bed.
“Oh, that’s a big step for her, isn’t it?” Castiel murmurs as the girl begins to wail. “Lots of changes, lots of chances to learn.”
“Dude,” Dean murmurs. “I didn’t know you still did art. I thought you gave it up after high school or college or something. You stopped talking about it.”
“Only if you take me somewhere nice,” she teases, though it feels a bit flirty and makes him uncomfortable.
An elderly man Castiel assumes is Abraham Campbell answers the door. He’s shorter than Dean, stooped with age, and his eyes and smile are bright. “Dean! And this must be Castiel. Come in, boys.”
John hadn’t kept his feelings about “the crumbling of America’s family values” a secret over the years. Given that, as well as their tenuous relationship and the horror stories he’d heard from some of his friends, he knew he should’ve been grateful for the non-reaction. But he wanted
his underwear is wet and his cock is hard and ready to spout off at the barest breeze. He shakes his head.
, just...I’m an ugly crier, okay? I get all blotchy and congested and then snot runs out before I can catch it and that is
The men trot downstairs to a full house—Mary, Bobby, and Sam and his fiancée Sarah, all here from Kansas, along with Cas’ surrogate parents, Anne and Steven Cho, also here from Kansas, and his father Chuck and stepmother, Gracia, here from Oregon. Cas’ sister Anna, her husband and kids, and the rest of their out-of-town wedding guests enjoyed the longer holiday weekend in California but headed home yesterday. Those around the table arrived early and are leaving late, Cas’ family heading out today and Dean’s family deciding to take this entire week to travel around the area, using the Winchester-Novak home as their base.
Cas nods. He knows this already—Officer Hanscom said she spoke to Lee but had to bring them in anyway, per procedure—but Lee seems to want to explore what to Cas is a simple, straightforward explanation, and he’s pretty sure it’s just to embarrass them.
line, which he acts out with flailing hands and a well-timed “Psst, ahh!” like he’s just burned himself. Yeah, he’s good.
“Well,” Cas says at the same time that Dean says, “I guess I oughta…” They laugh again. The moment feels too precious, too warm. Cas finds himself wishing Dean would call him buddy, just to make him stop feeling this way.
Vaughn’s nostrils flare. He turns on his heel, picks up his bags, and drags them to his room. Dean smiles to himself. He says a quick hello to Vaughn’s ferret, whose cage he left on their side of the living room, then moves it to his side. “Got him,” he mouths to the little creature. It twitches its nose.
“You fucked me last time, I’m fucking you this time,” Cas retorts. They make argumentative faces back and forth until they seem to realize, simultaneously, that they’re arguing about sex that never happened and isn’t going to. They smother their giggling behind their hands.
A woman emerges from a door behind the desk and greets them with a smile. “Hey there! Can I help you? You boys look like students, so before you ask, I’ll tell you that all of our apartments are rented out. Gotta act fast if you want an apartment near the university.”
After dinner, Claire pulls Jack into her room while their fathers clean up. She knows that they use the time to catch up with each other (and sometimes to suck face right there in the dining room, eww), so they should be occupied for a few minutes.
of them—and try to understand this through our eyes. If we all thought you weren’t good enough for him, we wouldn’t be arguing with you about it.”
“It’s not my first rodeo, baby.” He grinds down a few more times, drawing gasps from Dean, then stands. “You wanna see what’s underneath, sweetheart?”
Cas stands, taking Dean’s hand and leading him into the tent. He lies Dean on the covers. The air is cool, and as he relieves his husband of his clothes, Dean shivers. Cas glides his hands and mouth along his skin, touching every millimeter, until Dean’s shivers are of arousal rather than chill.
“Yeah, but whatever. I’ll clean ‘er regularly. Now I did a bunch of research and, in addition to looking badass, that’s one of the best rides for around here. Got all wheel drive for shitty weather, so it’s nice and safe, plus heated seats, plenty of room, and dude—now I can plow you, man!”
Dean clears his throat and takes a deep breath. “Sir, I promise, I care a lot about Cas and Matthew. I'm not going anywhere unless Cas wants me to.”
“And, um, we’re gonna be good, right?” Dean asks, wagging his finger between them. Having sex is never a big deal to him (beyond enthusiastic and unequivocal consent), since he doesn’t hang out with his hookups after, but this is
life. Me, I’m pretty happy with the life I’m making right now.” He smiles softly at Castiel, a smile that makes his belly twirl pleasantly. “The people who want my old life don’t know the crap behind it, how unhappy I was. Matt gets to see his dad all the time. I barely saw my folks. They were always so damn busy. I mean, they tried, but I wish they’d been my parents more, you know? By the time they got with that program, my mom was sick. We got a couple of good years with her before she died, but I wanted more.”
The poor man has been through the emotional wringer tonight, so Cas tries to offer some comfort. “He is the best husband, though, truly. Cal has great taste in husbands. That’s where Cal and I are exactly the same.” He kisses Dean on top of his head, then realizes what he said and facepalms mentally.
.) It went incredibly well, Matthew enjoying the toys and the atmosphere immensely, as well as the attention of his two favorite playthings.
Castiel Winchester-Novak slumps against the wall of the elevator, exhaustion making his head fuzzy and tingly. He considers this as good a place as any to take a micro-nap...at least until the doors open.
It’s more professional than Bea’s craft tutorial, with special effects and everything. The best part of it, though, are all the kids screaming evil laughs throughout (he always suspected kids were capable of those sort of laughs)...that and every part with Dean in it, of course.
“If you don’t win...” he’d continued, then shrugged, not finishing his sentence. Dean tried to fill in the blanks, his ideas of what may come if he
On a chilly Saturday night, no loud parties to greet him, Dean arrives home from work, exhausted and hungry. Vaughn’s cronies are there, of course, discussing their hopes for the election and making their plans to be at the polls the following Tuesday. Cas is already home, and Dean’s not too tired to appreciate the way Cas’ loose jeans sit low on his hips. He’s been dressing a little more provocatively the last few days, Dean’s noticed (of course he’s noticed, because
“Don’t worry about it.” Dean tossed his bag on the bed farthest from the door, then looked around the small space. “Where’s the bathroom?”
An hour later, after watching some pole dancing online at Cas’ insistence (“it’s part of the roleplay, hon”), Dean approaches his own bedroom door and knocks. He hears Cas—no,
, that people bought whatever product because they saw how trustworthy he is, what a good guy he is. Always being judged on his appearance has fucked with his head.
“There are way more motor vehicle deaths than aviation-related deaths,” he assures him for the umpteenth time, trying to access his logical brain and failing miserably.
Cas shakes his head, taking the robe and giving Dean another one of those fond looks that Dean craves as much as the sex they share. Maybe more.
Two hours later, there’s a consensus among the four people at the long dining table about just what—or, rather,
“More than what’s needed now that you’re sharing,” Harry comments. “I’ll credit you for next month, sound good?”
Castiel throws him a dark look from where he’s just dropped all of his baggage (except for the baby, of course). “I’ve got it, thanks.”
you would.” Cas winks. He knows they’re thinking of the same night a few months ago, when Dean visited him at work in the middle of the night. Dean winks back and runs his hand along Cas’ thigh.
“Uh, well, you’ve been gone for a while, and not to state the obvious, but you’re hiding in the tub during a party you wanted to have. You sure you’re all right?”
“It’ll be okay. It’s probably just a miscommunication,” Cas assures him, clasping his shoulder. Dean smiles, his mood and his heart both lighter. Cas is always there to rescue him when his thoughts take a nosedive. He’s saved him from his own personal hell more than once. Dean’s rescued him a few times, too. They’re good for each other, Dean thinks to himself for the millionth time.
“So you remember that there are people who care about each other like friends and besties,” Cas says, “and there are people who care about each other like parents and kids, and like brothers and sisters, and like ants in a colony, working together for a home and a community that’s the best for everyone. And then, there are people who care about each other in a way that makes them feel all squishy, who they love in a way they don’t love anyone else. Do you remember that?”
His husband isn’t particularly romantic in the wine-and-candles way, but he is the kindest, most thoughtful man, always showing him how much he loves him even when he’s so exhausted he can barely see straight. He’s grumpy in the morning—Castiel finally found that out after living together for a while, when Dean relaxed enough to let his true colors show—but it just gives Castiel an excuse to return his kindness in coffee and kisses.
“What Gabe is trying to say here, I think, is that Dean’s committed to you in every way but one. It’s up to you to bridge the gap, ‘cause my brother doesn't want to hurt you, ever. You mean way too much to him.”
They make their way to one of the home improvement stores first. Because they’re a couple (and because he values Cas’ opinion), he asks Cas about paint colors. Soon they’re debating whether the color should complement or contrast the outdoors. They’re still arguing their points when someone approaches.
A couple of hours in, Dean’s having a fantastic time. The pool is hopping, the grill is hot, and everyone he loves is there and is having fun...except he can’t find Cas anywhere.
The show is clearly one of the reality television programs Dean’s been on. There were several, if Castiel recalls correctly from his Wikipedia page. Dean himself looks beet red and continues to ignore the program.
Springstall was a mountain resort town that, though it was a mere couple of hours from where they lived, they’d never been to. It was smaller than some of its competitors, but from everything that Castiel read, it was the perfect place for them—plenty to do but quieter than the busier resort areas, with more of an artsy, hometown feel. Castiel was looking forward to leaf peeping, fine dining, and, if all went well, strolls around town hand-in-hand and breakfast they’d take back to their shared bed.
The air is light as Castiel’s friends share stories of growing up and growing older in Lupine Cove. Matthew went down for bed an hour ago, worn out by eating, painful gums, and a bunch of people who doted on him.
After all the hugs (he swears he’s never hugged so much in his entire life), most of their friends expressed relief that it was over. A few of them didn’t even realize they’d been poofed away. But Eileen...she knew the terror of being separated from the man she loved, the man she thought was destined to be killed by Chuck, and now she knew the joy of being with him again and she was telling and showing him, in no uncertain terms, how she felt. Sam was, of course, reciprocating.
Dean crawls onto his boyfriend’s lap. “Maybe later,” he murmurs as he pulls a throw over them and rests his head in the crook of Cas’ neck. Cas wraps his arms around him and hums, already falling back to sleep. Dean isn’t far behind.
Dean licks his lips and nods. “Um, some of the dates were cool, too. You know—picnics, the sensory thing, stargazing and poetry. Hell, even dancing’s okay.”
The bathroom, it turned out, was a shared bathroom, two doors down and across the hall. Castiel rubbed his temples and sighed.
The beds, which they’ve just packed in Gabe’s truck (without dropping), are going home with him. He’s become serious with the lady he’s been seeing, and she has a kid. The matching dressers are going, too, as are the nightstands and one of the desks. The other desk is going with Hannah.
As soon as he hung up, She-Devil was in his face. “Talking to Clarence?” Meg, the most annoying firefighter in the company, asked as she fluttered her lashes.
Dean chuckles and cradles Cas’ head, playing with the curls near the nape of his neck. “Dude, I don’t care, either.” He seeks out Cas’ mouth for a kiss. Cas’ lips complain, briefly, about their swollen state, but Cas tells them to piss off and kisses Dean back. They continue kissing languidly, heedless of the mess as they curl tighter into one another.
She knew intimately how essential that was, and since they were so much alike, she impressed it upon him every chance she got. Cas inhales deeply, then exhales. He tries to remember, he really does, but it’s hard. Taking care of people is what good alphas do. What
Unsurprisingly, Rydhis comments almost immediately, as he often does, and they start a conversation:
After they eat, Dean announces that they all “need to get out of Cas’ hair.” The men clean up, then say their goodbyes. Gabe tells him that he thought having Sam over tonight would be “a start, since it’s hard for you to meet up right now,” and Castiel tells him he’ll try to figure something out. Sam tells him it’s nice to meet him and that his house is just fine when Castiel apologizes for it. Dean lingers briefly after they’re gone, reminding Castiel to call or text him if he needs “anything at all” and to let him know if he’ll be working tomorrow. Castiel promises to do so.
Castiel sighs contentedly, thinking of how grateful he is that the man beside him crashed into his life.
“Out of those pants and onto my bed.” Cas pulls him away from the door, then lifts his own shirt and slaps his side. Dean shoots him a questioning look until Cas says, “Now. Don’t make me slap your ass again.”
“Oh, no, you weren’t supposed to see that!” Castiel says with a put-on gasp. He feels his face flush crimson at his terrible acting and cheesy idea. He steams ahead anyway, quickly switching the paper in Dean’s hand for the “real” schedule. “I’m so sorry, sir.”
Cas smiles, scrunching his nose in the way that Dean finds utterly adorable. “Well, I’m about as pure as the driven
The cool air is a small relief as Dean walks into Benold’s, a jewelry store he’s told is one of the best in Austin. Dean is sweating, and not merely because it’s ninety degrees. He’s found The One, and now he’s hoping he’ll find the one.
The dragon looks at the door leading back inside the castle, then at Dean, then back to the door and back at Dean again, until Dean gets the message. “Knives in there, you think?”
“My job is fucked, no one’s gonna wanna do business with us, my whole family will be humiliated, my father’s gonna
Eight-year-old Jack sprints between the living room and kitchen, their Jack Russell Terrier matching his pace. “I’m not! She was already riled up! Gracie has the zoomies!”
He sighed as he uncovered the casserole dish and scooped out his portion. Usually he waited for Dean, but tonight he was too hungry.
Dean pops in again, raising his brows, probably wondering how many times Castiel is going to stop him from leaving.
He’s still pondering Dean’s apparent affinity for their avian neighbors when something else catches his eye. “Huh,” Cas huffs, picking up a   bright white sand dollar nearby. In all the years he’s roamed these beaches, he’s never found one. It makes him smile. He’s about to pocket it when a young girl, no more than four or five, traipses over to him and begins talking like they’re lifelong friends.
The inside was warm knotty pine with green trim, and then there was… “A stone fireplace! Look at this, Dean!”
Collapsing into a chair that’s so tattered the foam filling is peeking out from beneath the marbled green vinyl, Dean folds his arms and explains, “We were having lunch and it was fine. But there was this guy, and he kept looking our way, and every time I’d look back he’d turn away. He was with another guy and they kept whispering and shit. I figured they were talking about us, so—”
off. Much too long. He knows he’ll have to change that for Matthew. How, he’s not sure. “I think about it plenty,” he jokes.
He’s just uttering nonsense buzzwords, but Dean’s obvious pleasure and willingness to do as Cas says (or Dan’s willingness to do as Cal says, rather) is still making him incredibly aroused. He pulls his fingers out of Dean, giving him a quick break as he rolls the condom onto his cock. “Ready?”
to be a lie. He feels significantly looser since his time with Dean, but he’s sure his stress about every aspect of his life is written all over his face.
They work quietly, neither of them paying attention to the movie that continues to play in the background. Once they’re finished, they sit on the couch to resume the movie, only for Castiel’s face to crack into a wide, noisy yawn. “Sorry, that was impolite,” he says, rubbing his face.
He frowns at that, trying to parse it out, but gives up quickly and shrugs. Cas doesn’t see Lee’s appeal, either, Dean’s pretty certain. “So, we in agreement or what?”
“Yes, and those people will have nothing. They’ll be in the cold, they’ll be hungry and everything will be closed—”
That evening, Cas hovers at his computer. He’d love to video chat with Dean and tell him about the positive response, but that seems a little much for two people who barely know each other. Instead, he sends him a message through Playground:
The men moan as they pleasure each other simultaneously. Cas seems intent on making Dean come first, so it becomes an unspoken, playful contest. Cas flicks his tongue along his shaft. Dean hollows his cheeks, sucking hard. Cas fondles and pinches his balls. Dean scrapes his cockhead with his teeth.
He swings open his door just in time to see his father pull Bartholomew into his office, his jacket not even off yet. His father knows.
Dean nearly falls out of Baby in his haste to escape. He won’t rely on the scent of some alpha to get him through his heat. He’ll do it himself.
“You’d be surprised. Don’t criticize what you don’t know. And hey, it’s not like you could write a fanfic, Mr. Guy-Who-Stares-At-Numbers-All-Day-And-Reads-Tax-Code-At-Night.”
Castiel recognizes Charlie’s laugh immediately. “Oh my gosh, Charlie’s here, Matthew! Wanna go see Charlie?”
Cas snorts and takes his hand. They make their way back down to the place they’re staying for the night: Parador de Cañadas del Teide. It’s a beautiful hotel right in the park, with views of the volcano, and it’s the only place to stay other than the mountain refuge (which certainly isn’t a place for honeymooners). Dean reserved it when he bought the trip so that he’d be sure to get a room. He thought, when planning his surprise, that he’d end up canceling it, but was disappointed to find out his surprise wouldn’t go as planned. Enter Cas’ boss and agent (“it’s utterly ridiculous that I need an
Most think he’s been done wrong and deserves his happiness, to be with Castiel and Matthew in peace, to take a full role at the family businesses, to be left alone by his father.
So while Cas, the guy he’s in love with, is sitting next to him writing something completely pornographic, Dean has to pretend he’s totally not affected by any of it.
After breakfast, they run some errands, including visits to the dry cleaner, the ATM, and Cas’ apartment to pick up the sneakers he forgot to pack in his overnight bag. Crowley smirks, asking Dean why he hasn’t cleared a side of his closet for Cas’ things yet. Cas shuts his roommate down before Dean can answer. That’s not a subject he wants Dean to feel pressured about.
When the alley closed at six, Dean reluctantly said goodbye to Eric, Donnie, and Bear (Bear, of course, being exactly who one would expect). Castiel found he was a bit reluctant, too. They were good guys. They even exchanged contact information and invited Dean and Castiel back to Springstall for their Christmas festival in a couple of months. Dean agreed without hesitation. It made Castiel smile.
“You were sleeping against me on the loveseat, all cuddled up on me, and I said it. Remember when he slammed the door and woke you? How pissed he was?”
“I know.” And why would he want to plow Castiel in any other sort of way, anyway? The guy’s a well-known ladies’ man, and even if he wasn’t, Castiel is, well, Castiel.
Castiel chuckled. “Yeah, can’t wait to deal with it for several months.” He rested his head on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean is relieved not to be starting with their plan, because he’s an avoidant shit and because he had a bit of a rough day and Cas never minds listening to him bitch. Just being with Cas makes him relax, which makes him realize how hungry he is. He stuffs his mouth with lo mein. “Sucked,” he says around the noodles.
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean hightails it out of their bedroom, this time pretending not to hear Cas’ “Thanks, cuddle bear!”
And it was true that he tended to choose certain people—people who were sort of, well, artificial, if he’s honest. People who were only skin deep. People who were all the same. Uninteresting. Uncomplicated. Unlikely to get into his head and heart.
“Sounds good to me!” Garth says, standing. “Come on, you guys! Just soda for me, though. I’ve had my one beer. You know how I am if I drink too much.”
The wind is sharp and unhelpful as he shovels the space around his car. Usually he shovels the entire two-car driveway, but not today. He knows he’ll regret it later when the snow is packed, but he just doesn’t have the energy. He works his way down to the end of the drive, where the town plow came by last night and left mounds of snow. Sweating and breathing heavily through his mouth, his lungs burning with the exertion, he throws scoop after scoop into the small front yard next to him. His nose drips onto his upper lip, forcing him to swipe at it multiple times with his gloved hand, and he gets dizzy a couple of times, but he keeps going. By the time he’s finished, the space he’d cleared in front of his car has filled in again. He mutters “Fuck it” and tells himself that he’ll clear it again before he leaves, though in reality he’ll probably just drive over it and deal with the consequences later.
The typed page floats to the floor as Dean lets it go and sticks his hand in his pocket again. He pulls out a ring, and though Cas knew from the “tags” what was going to happen, he still crumbles when Dean drops to one knee.
He had to disagree with that one. He’d killed and he’d gotten people killed. A lot. And even if it was done for love, as Cas said, the fact was that he did it.
“What the hell?” he muttered as he stepped around multitudes of himself dead on the floor. “Cas? Cas, whatever this is, you didn’t do this. I’m here, I’m alive because of you, and I’m coming to get you. Show me how to get to you.”
“Clearly.” Dean takes his hand and they stand together. He pecks his lips. “You wanna order food? I’m too tired to cook.”
Dean stretched his neck to stare at the sky. The clouds were thinner but still gray, and Dean knew why. “We gonna talk about it, Cas?”
Cas can tell that the conversation is going to draw to a close now that the question of food delivery has been quashed, and he really doesn’t want it to. “You said you make videos?”
Cas wouldn’t be interested in a guy like Dean—hell, despite how obvious the video was, it didn’t even enter Cas’ mind that Dean was addressing him, that’s how far out of Cas’ league he is.
was Hannah’s. They came at the issue from opposite sides, but the same lack of insight. Didn’t they get it? Didn’t anyone get it?
“And everyone has a bad day, right?” Ini chimed in. “From what you’ve said about Stra—uh, Dean, he had it pretty rough and he’s still rough around the edges, from his own admission. But he clearly feels bad, or why would he have bothered?”
Dean’s body falls into his arms as soon as he opens them. Cas relishes the feel of his trust, his vulnerability. “Proud of you,” he whispers. He gives him an extra-tight squeeze as he beckons everyone over.
Maybe that’s why he ended up with a thick-ass nail in his back. Maybe that wasn’t just destiny...maybe, somewhere in his mind, he wanted it to happen. And maybe that’s why he told Sam he was ready to go. Because he was.
“The sex is awesome,” Dean gushes. Cas swallows, praying that his face isn’t flaming as he recalls just how he conceptualized those sex scenes...using himself and Dean.
Dean has promised to take him to his favorite haunts tomorrow before the meeting, so for now, Castiel takes in the views of West Hollywood from Dean’s balcony. Dean, it seems, is taking in a different view altogether. “What?” Castiel asks when he spies Dean’s dreamy countenance.
His symptoms have improved, at least. Dean stopped by to check on him last night—a bit after closing time at the store, suspiciously—and by then he was eating some of the leftover soup and feeling slightly more human. He felt even better once Dean reminded him to take some medication and to set an alarm for himself to remember to keep taking it. Today, his nasal passages feel drier, though very raw. His throat is still sore, so he makes tea with honey and hopes it’ll get him through the day.
Cas rolls his eyes and walks with him casually to the door, waiting patiently while he unlocks it. Once they’re inside, he locks it behind them. “Strip, then kneel,” he commands.
They laugh, and soon Dean is joining them, laughing at himself. “Oh my God.” He rubs his temples. “I hope I’m not this awkward when I ask Cas to marry me.”
For a moment, Cas panics. If they cross this line, there’s no going back, their friendship forever changed. He wonders if it’s worth it. But he's confident in their friendship, sure that this won’t change what matters. It’s only sex. Besides, he reminds himself, this isn’t Dean. This is a handsome stranger named Dan. And, well, Cal is really horny, and Dan wants him. He traces his dance partner’s bottom lip with his tongue. “I wanted to show you.”
, they are declared husbands. Dean takes Cas’ face in his hands, Cas finds his lips with his thumb, and they kiss.
Dean rolls his eyes. No sense denying it. “They’re good. Hot, as always.” He doesn’t tell him that the sex is only one of the reasons why he reads fanfic, and not even the most important reason.
He prays that she won’t say anything about the video.  “Uh, yeah, one sec.” He turns toward her door. “Bea!”
“If we’d already been through all the awkward,” Castiel explains. “If we knew what we were doing, as much as anyone does. If we’d already seen each other at our worst. If we’d passed that honeymoon stage where we don’t want the other to see our flaws. If you had three years of practice being in a relationship. If I looked at you like that so many times that you were used to it and accepted it as fact. If you were confident in my feelings for you. If you knew I was staying.”
Cas huffs a quiet chuckle, happy his massage is having such a positive result. His job is so physical, and he rarely, if ever, treats his body with this sort of care...or rather,
“Hey, fuck you. I’ll have you know I took one entire psychology class my freshman year of college.” He kisses Dean’s hair.
Several songs and another shot or two later, he leaves the floor and heads for the bar, where he gets a bottle of water to wash the shitty taste out of his mouth and, maybe, work on sobering up. Feeling lonely despite all the people around, he texts Cas again. Delighted when he eventually answers, Dean messages him until someone taps him on the shoulder.
“Yes, sir,” Cas says. He digs his wallet out and hands the man a pre-written check for next month’s rent, the first from the joint account they recently opened for their living expenses. Dean had seemed happy to see both their names on the blue safety paper of the checks. It made Cas happy, too, for reasons he chose to ignore.
Smiling around his cock, he slides up and down, changing his pace to see what makes Dean squirm the most. Delighting in his sounds and movements, he loses himself in the pleasure of giving pleasure until there’s a tug on his hair.
It seems almost redundant to do this roleplay—after all, this is how they get most, if not all, of their partners. But that was the beauty of it, they’d decided. It was familiar, so the roles wouldn’t feel that odd or foreign. Cas thinks it might also ease their anxiety (or his, anyway) over the things that
“You sure do like bees all of a sudden,” Benny comments, but his tone is friendly and he smiles and sends Dean a wink.
“Aww, we can just scrape off the burnt stuff,” his father says behind him. “That’s the way we did it when I used to burn stuff.”
Castiel follows Bobby outside. He tries to pay attention, but it’s all “blah-blah-money-blah-blah” to him and he knows it’ll all be written up in the estimate anyway, so he lets his mind drift. Every so often, he peeks at the cracked screen of his phone, where he sees Dean chatting with Matthew. Matthew stares at him, mostly, though he does catch a smile once.
“Of course, Claire-bear. It might take some time, but I will absolutely look into it. I know how important it is to you, and it’s important to me, too.”
“Oh, thank fuck,” he mutters, dropping his face into his hands and taking a deep, steadying breath. He straightens and looks at his best friend, who’s looking back at him with those baby blues he’s always taken for granted. Not anymore, though.
afraid that he’s ruined things with Cas now, though. If Cas had been having feelings for him, well, tonight’s shitshow is gonna change his mind. Why would he want to be part of this craziness?
“S’okay. Guess all the other places in town were booked up, huh? Hard to get a place at this time of year, ‘specially last minute.”
Soon another school year begins. Dean and Cas both see the kids off in the morning on their first day, and they’re both there for dinner to hear about their day. Jack talks about seeing all of his friends again and is excited that the school has started “movement breaks” throughout the day, a few minutes every hour or so when they can get up from their seats and stretch or walk around. Dean and Cas are hopeful that they’ll lead to better focus for him. Claire complains about already having homework, gushes about “all the cute people” (her parents don’t miss the use of
Dean shoves his shoulder, partly because he’s being a dick and partly to distract from the weird fluttering he feels about what they’re hinting at.
Dean’s face tipped down as a blush crept up. “Thanks. And thanks for, uh, encouraging me. Means a lot.”
“We all know, Dean,” Calvin says. He drops down to the couch and pulls Dean into a side hug. “You guys are scared. Him especially. I think it would kill him to lose you.”
She smiles sweetly and squeezes his arm. “Okay, well, I’m not saying I ran into him at the deli the other day…”
“Yeah. Even less now ‘cause I was even later getting back from Paris than I was supposed to be ‘cause of flight delays, so I dunno, maybe he’s pissed about that.”
Cas smirked. “It’s heaven, Dean. Just as I’m not restricted to a vessel in heaven, neither are you.”
Cas tips his head from side to side. “Hmm. Well, I would’ve, but you should’ve known, and since you were rude, I decided you needed a lesson in bedside manners. Consider yourself lucky I have a concussion, otherwise I really would’ve messed with you.”
Chuckling at the idea of talking about Dan and Cal like they’re actual people, Cas says, “I think that would be easier on me, honestly. I still don’t want to do the punishment and the ‘boy’ stuff, though.”
Dean looks at him, silently asking him what, if anything, he should say. Cas shrugs, holding out his hand as if to say
Cas, picking at a slub in the blanket on the bed, raises his eyes to Dean’s. There’s trust there, understanding and affection there, and how can he ruin that for a roleplay? He drops his gaze again. “I don’t want to punish you.”
Two hours in, he’s biting his pillow, desperately wishing he was biting flesh. He wants to cry, the ache making his teeth tear through the pillowcase.
from conflict—particularly his stupid, shitty father, who always thought he was right (still does) and loved to stir it up with Sam and his mother and even Dean, when he bothered. Why can’t everyone just get along? “You really think we need to do all this?”
“No! No, I meant what I said last night. I like the life I’m making here. Cas, did I ever tell you why I was here to begin with?”
“Mmmhmm.” Dean leans forward, closer and closer, still supporting his chin. “Want some help with it?”
After that, Cas opened up a little more, and soon they were a part of each other’s lives—meals, movie nights (kid and grown up varieties), coffee, shopping, taking Claire to museums and parks and skating, meeting each other’s families and friends, shared vacations. They were a couple in every way.
Sam and Dean both peer at Charlie’s screen displaying Castiel Novak in a wetsuit, his hair being tousled by the ever-present wind on Lake Hattie. He’s...buff.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “You’re nice enough to let me stay, so I figured I’d help out and wash the bedding.”
“I’m not exciting, Dean. I’m not a ‘travel to Rio, drink wine ‘til sunrise’ kind of guy. I don’t have lots of money, or cars, or a great personality, or even sex appeal to get me through.”
With fondness in his chest—how could he possibly feel so fond of this man, who literally crashed into his life, after only four weeks?—Castiel promises he will.
“Dude, just...I’m bi, okay, and I’ve come out to people a lot. I’m always so careful about it, and here you are blurting out that you eat dick like you’re talking about the weather.”
Castiel stares at the door long after it’s closed. This day has been full of surprises—Dean making all the coffee efficiently, Dean bringing him a cup of tea without even telling him he liked the stuff (“You said you didn’t know how to make coffee before, so I guessed you don’t drink it”), Dean laughing as he struggled to learn the cash register, Dean acknowledging who he was but asking people not to make a big deal of it, Dean offering to take Matthew so he could go to the bathroom by himself (which he didn’t take him up on, but the offer was nice), Dean being a decent conversationalist, Dean saying he’s going to come back tomorrow.
Chuckling quietly, Dean watches him slip through the door. Their little performance was a hell of a lot of fun, and now he has plenty of spank material.
Bess stops him with a hand to his wrist. “What if you already knew he loves you? Would you tell him you love him then?”
And eventually, he wandered to the last place he ever saw Cas. The last place he heard his voice. The last place he remembered his heart beating.
He feels sick again when he realizes it wasn’t Baby that calmed him, but the scent of summer rain, thick and pungent.
“Yes. I’m even happier that you were generous enough to share it, which led to everything else.” He leans into Dean’s touch.
He put on his jacket with the bloody handprint he couldn’t bear to wash. Not yet. Though he knew that even when he did, the stain would remain.
Castiel is hardly in a position to argue, since resting is about all he can manage, anyway—that and sending a message off to his Trusty Rusties:
“—are important to the world, man,” Dean interrupts the speech Cas was about to give. “If we didn’t have bees, we couldn’t eat. True story.”
Dean wants to crawl into the ground, and Ethan looks the same way. Vaughn and Isaiah look both disgusted and strangely smug. Only Cas is unflustered.
They say heartfelt goodbyes to their families. It won’t be too long before they see them again, or at least the Kansans—in just a couple of months, they’ll gather in New York for the Winchester-Blake nuptials, and then go back to Kansas with Mary to visit Steven and Anne and to see some of Dean’s old high school crew. The rest they’ll see at either Thanksgiving or Christmas. Steven and Anne shower them with blessings, Bobby tells them to “drop us a line when you get there so we don’t worry,” Chuck offers advice for handling the flight comfortably, Gracia converses with Cas in Spanish, testing him one more time on the technical terms, and Mary tears up as she tells them to be safe and hugs them.
To distract himself from falling apart, Dean hums, then sings—first his usual classic rock, then that damn carol because he’s a superstitious bastard, then “Adore You” because Cas likes Harry Styles and it makes him think of Cas every time he hears it. Meg and Benny join in on that one, bumping him with their shoulders. A few of the other rescuers—hearing about Dean’s stake in all of this, likely—join in, too. It’s the dumbest thing, ridiculous considering the seriousness of their mission, but their support lifts Dean’s spirits a little.
Vaughn confronts Dean and Cas as they’re munching on eggs in a nest, a holdout from their dorm days. It’s the last day before Thanksgiving break, and they’re fueling up for a long day followed by a long several days of quality family time. “You two need to knock the shit off,” he growls.
“You wanna get out of here?” Cas asks, cradling his head. Dean nods, sighing into the scratching of Cas’ fingers in his hair. “Okay. Hit the bathroom first, though, all right? I don’t need you puking or pissing in my car.”
Dean looked around. There was the Roadhouse, of course, but there was Baby, too. His loved ones were all just a thought away, all happy, and he had the trees and the sky and everything he loved about Earth. It was perfect.
Cas remembers drama club fondly. It was where they met. He squints. “Yeah, I remember. Been a while.”
“To us.” Cas clinks his glass against Dean’s. “So, are we supposed to smell this, swish it in our mouths, what?”
The man panics. “Uh, oh, shit, I—lemme get someone, I—” He sticks his head out the door and calls, “Alex!”
When they’d agreed to court, Dean never thought he would actually be able to marry his love. Overwhelmed with joy and panic all at once, Dean steps back. Though he was the one who asked Castiel if he had doubts about him, it’s really Dean who has doubts about himself. “We are men. It is not done.”
Dean feels so light that he starts to giggle. “It all makes so much sense. We were definitely happiest when we were roleplaying a couple, and when we didn’t, we always found a way to go there, you know? Maybe we were both nervous that it was all for the act or something. Fuck.”
Castiel moves around to his side and wraps him in a hug. “I was mad, Dean. I was so mad. I blamed you for everything. But the truth is, it was an accident. You did everything you could
Gabriel knocks. “Come in,” he manages to croak. He doesn’t bother removing the toilet paper from his nose. Gabe’s the one who taught him to do it, after all.
Cas almost says “Bitch, please” on instinct, but stops himself just in time. Instead, he shoots him a
They trade harsh breaths for a few moments, then soft kisses, until Dean breaks away to grab a towel and clean them up.
Everyone laughs and they return to the game. Dean focuses hard, determined to win and earn his treat.
“Um...there was one where Ryder dressed up like Indiana Jones. That was cool. The nurse thing, too.”
Cas’ updated clothing is not so new to Dean, but is quite striking to everyone else. The guys whistle and say things like “Lookin’ good!” And yeah, Cas does look good—he especially loves the colorful beaded bracelets that scream
Dean chuckles, relaxing against him once more. “Yeah. Maybe when we do groceries tomorrow? If you want. I mean, I know it’s not the most exciting—”
Cas serves grilled chicken with jalapeño honey, a tossed salad with something called green goddess dressing, and berries with angel food cake and vanilla ice cream.
“Yes, but I would’ve heard all the garbage I just heard from you out of his mouth, and I’m much less patient with him.”
. The State would help with the cost, but he has a hard time swallowing his pride and taking their money. And if he’s honest, the bigger issue is that he doesn’t want to be separated from Matthew. He’s so little, and he’ll only have him for so long. Unfortunately, he won’t have much of a choice. He can’t have Matthew in the middle of construction.
“Yeah. Like, Sam and Jess stayed put, obviously, and Charlie and Thea, but I feel like I’ve gotten a little closer to Benny and Andrea, and I feel a lot closer to Garth and Bess and Jesse and Cesar. Cain and Colette are in one of the circles now, and everyone from the club’s shifting around some. Don’t feel so close since we don’t see each other much. Crowley’s moved into one of my circles.”
“I’ve had a rough few years, okay? But I just need to get my shit together and then I can ‘parent’ them. I just need time.”
As a fun little aside, I got the names of the fanfic characters from a couple of stories I wrote as a teenager. Apparently, I loved names that sounded cool and romantic. I can't believe I actually named a character Ryder Hartwood, lol! My husband has not let me live it down.
Cas keeps up a mindless, relentless rhythm, grabbing Dean’s hands and trapping them by his head when he tries to move them onto him. When he struggles, Cas holds him fast.
At that the man laughed, warm and rich. “Well, I'm glad someone is going to share the expenses with me. Harvard is expensive.” He offered his hand. “I’m Castiel Novak. Cas.”
Dean rests on him heavily, panting against his neck. Cas stares at the ceiling of the gazebo, letting his heart slow.
“It’s okay that you didn’t. I really did want you to have fun. Like I said, I just got insecure. Stupid.”
A finger tucks under his chin, lifting it until he’s locking eyes with Dean again. “Okay. So we won’t.”
What he doesn’t expect is Dean wrapping his arms around him and rolling them across the couch. His brain not catching up with the action, he keeps a tight grip on the bowl. Popcorn cascades around them until the bowl falls to the floor, bouncing against the coffee table before landing with a soft
Cas kneels at his feet. Dean leans down and hugs him. “Whose idea was this?” he whispers in his ear.
He lights a cigarette. Dean turns away to collect his thoughts. He thinks about some of the things he and Cas have talked about. One talk in particular stands out:
It’s then that Bess’ advice makes sense. Sex is great and has its place, but Cas doesn’t need sex (no matter how much he just rambled about it). Cas needs vanilla. Comforting touch without expectation. Someone to listen and spend time doing nothing with so he can decompress. But he needs a step further than a friend can offer.
“Well, you got the gist of it quickly, thankfully.” Cas will replay those shining, hopeful eyes in his mind for a long time. He only wishes his friend truly felt that way toward him. Or not. Probably not. To have him actually feel the same sort of attraction that Cas feels...no. He’s already sworn off turning friendships into relationships. But he wouldn’t want Dean to just feel lust toward him, either. He wouldn’t want to be another conquest. They might have fun, sure, but he’s pretty certain he couldn’t tolerate that, especially with his feelings being what they are. Friendship is the only way to avoid heartbreak. Yet his heart breaks every day, feeling paralyzed to do anything about his feelings yet hoping selfishly that Dean won’t find someone else. He’s painted himself into a corner, and all the options suck.
The strength of their friendship is sort of like a parachute, though—it’s what’ll keep them grounded. Or get them to the ground. Or something. And as long as it works, they’ll be good. Right? Right.
Everyone followed Dean inside to see what the hubbub was, and now they’re all watching Cas and asking questions. Dean knows it’s out of concern, but he can’t help the protectiveness that flares in his chest. He blocks their view with his body and speaks to Cas softly.
Oh, my friends! I can't believe another one has ended. Heartfelt stuff at the end, as well as what I'm working on next. ❤️
“Yeah,” Dean says, thrilled that Cas is staying the night and a little bothered that it won’t be in his bed.
“Shit, I’m so sorry. I thought today might be hard for you, and so I thought I’d bring you a little something to help, but—”
Sometimes it’s tempting, though. Like earlier, when Dean’s hand landed on his thigh. Or now, when Dean looks so worried. It would be nice to hold Dean and comfort him, or kiss the nervous pout off his face, or simply hold his hand and worry along with him.
He meets Cas’ molten stare. Cas is utterly transformed, hardly recognizable like this. He’s confident, sassy, sexy. He’s got Dean right where he wants him and he
“That’s freaking adorable! What a meet-cute!” Dean’s agent and longtime friend Charlie gushes. She’s the one who “discovered” him, years ago, when they were at the same Comic-Con, and she’s the reason he’s actually successful in modeling and makes a good living at it when lots of people flounder and make very little.
On day three, it’s a flash drive, dropped off just after Cas left Meat Street for the day (or that’s what Gabe told him, anyway).
The man’s eyes close despite Dean’s pleas. They always work so well on television, Dean thinks. He looks at the dog, who looks back at him. Neither of them seem to know what to do.
Cas plucks the money out of his hand, stands back to tuck the cash in the breast pocket of his jacket, then opens the door. He’s just about to slide in when someone comes to his side.
It’s just on the leg, but he’s wearing the “no touch” bracelet. It must be Dean, though they’d talked about the roleplay in detail and there was to be no touch. Maybe Dean needs to time out.
“Mmm. I have something to do right here.” Dean shoots his arms and legs out and pulls Cas on top of him. Cas giggles into his neck. He loves the sound of Cas laughing. He nuzzles his new spouse until their lips meet, then he kisses him like he never will again.
After dinner, they take a walk down to a bookstore, which is open late on Friday nights for Dungeons & Dragons games. Cas stops, as he always does, at the display labeled “Local Author.” It still thrills him to see his comics in book form.
Dean turns his attention from his task to Castiel. He looks surprised. “California? Nah. I just like to eat.” He winks, then grins as he takes a bite of Castiel’s sandwich.
“I mean, I learned some of it from nannies and stuff, some from my mom, and I took care of my brother a lot when we were a little older. But taking care of this guy, feeding him right, holding him right, talking to him and doing the things he likes...all you, man.”
He doesn’t answer, instead taking Matthew from her and sliding her coffee across the counter. “You’re going to be late for work.”
They repeat the cycle a couple more times, the baby seemingly better for a bit, then ramping up again toward the end. He’s finished nearly the entire bottle when Castiel thinks that perhaps he’s had enough. He’s proven right a moment later when the boy vomits all over both of them.
“No, you’re not, you friggin’ brat,” Dean smiles, and Castiel can’t deny it—he’s not sorry, not when it led to all that. He helps Castiel stand, and then—to Castiel’s utter surprise—pulls him into a soft, cuddly hug. “I’m glad you’re feeling better,” he murmurs.
with someone like Dean...God, the construction is finishing by the end of the week, and he’s probably leaving as soon as it’s finished. This was probably just his last hurrah, his chance to get his rocks off with his “hot boss” before he goes back to his starlets and his mansion and his stupid In-N-Out Burger.
He takes the candy bar he asked for and bites into it. A string of caramel grows as he pulls it away from himself; he catches Dean’s eyes and giggles as he extends the bar further, seeing how long he can stretch it. Dean watches him, snickering and doing nothing to stop the inevitable.
“Aw, man, fuck you, now I’m thinkin’ of Sammy takin’ it in the ass!” Dean squawks, shoving him. He’s not angry, Cas knows, because his smile breaks through his disgusted façade.
Tags for this chapter: Mentions of spanking and restraint, brief discussion of dom/sub from last chapter, domesticity, tension between friends, Garth being awesome, poorly planned roleplay, strangers roleplay, inner conflict, angst, hugs
They wash their dishes (God forbid if they let any linger in the sink, though Vaughn is happy to let the trash can overflow with his take-out boxes), then collect their bags and head out.
Cas isn’t even into TV. He wasn’t allowed to watch it when he was growing up. The joke between them is that, with Cas’ knowledge of books and music and Dean’s knowledge of movies and TV shows, they’re an unstoppable pop trivia force. Dean knows that, which is undoubtedly why he’s confused, but Cas doesn’t want to take the time to explain right now.
“Well, here’s what I wanna do. First, I wanna run my fingers through those waves of yours. Then I wanna trace every curve of your face, ending on those lips that are gonna taste so good when I eventually kiss them.”
“I bet he’d really get you, what you guys went through, you know? I think you’d have a lot in common.”
“Sleep? Pfft,” Dean scoffs, feeling refreshed after a nap and food. “Let’s go out and walk around a bit, Cas. Then we can go back to the room, and I can remind you we’re on our honeymoon.” He wiggles his eyebrows at his husband, who laughs.
But if he doesn’t say anything, what does he do if Mr. Novak brings it up? Does he act surprised? Admit he knew it was sent? Lie and say he has a twin brother? Maybe it’s better to go on the offensive. Say he was being recorded without his knowledge, crack a joke. Or maybe he did know, but didn’t know it was being sent (which is the truth). But then he looks like a dumbass. Surely, though, parents do dumb things for their kids? With their kids? Surely he knows that? Best to say something.
When it’s all over, Cas weaves his way through the crowd to his family. His mom and Pup are here, Gabe and his new beau are here, Hannah is here with a friend (quite a friend she is to sit through all
Cas piles pancakes onto his plate, topping them with honey and cinnamon sugar, and adds a dish of yogurt with granola and three strips of bacon on the side. He pours coffee for both himself and his husband while Dean grabs his own food—pancakes with maple syrup and a side of fruit. Dean sits and immediately steals a sip of Cas’ coffee (despite having his own) and a strip of bacon. “Thought you were ‘cutting back’ because Crowley’s heart attack disturbed you,” Cas comments to Dean about the bacon, currently pinched between his fingers, half-eaten.
“Yeah, I remember. You go take care of yourself. I got this.” His soft smile and relaxed posture are beautiful, the sort of quiet little miracle that’s so special you keep it to yourself. He’s never seen Dean quite as at ease as he is right now.
“Doubts?” Castiel stops so suddenly that Dean must step back to meet his eyes. “My love, I have not a single doubt.”
They do talk for a while, playing a game called “Pancakes vs. Waffles” that riles them up, and not in the sexy way...at first.
Castiel chuckles, and they do just that, eating sugary confections and drinking the real coffee and tea that Dean brought back as they cuddle, saving the mess (their body fluids and Dean’s meeting) to deal with later.
Yet before he can withdraw his hand and cover up his mistake with a joke, Cas smiles and squeezes back. He gives it a quick tug, then drops it to wave him forward toward the exit. Dean is sweaty and embarrassed and elated.
“Cool, right?” Dean says, ignoring the awe in Cas’ voice. He didn’t do this to impress him; he simply wanted him to have a tree that he could enjoy. “And over here there’s ribbon that has those little white lights built in. It’s gold and a little glittery from tiny sequins that are sewn into it. And this garland here is red, like that red I was wearing a few days ago. It kinda looks like berries, which is why I got it. I wanted to make sure everything was something you could get a feel for, you know? Um, so, is it okay?”
“Yeah. They got what they wanted, too—me yelling, making a scene. It’ll be all over the place, and it’ll be out of context so I’ll look like the asshole. All the shit I’ve been fighting to get away from, that perception of me that was never true…” He trails off, his jaw clamping shut and tears forming in his eyes.
But Dean doesn’t want to live in fear. Yes, he’s been burned by other people before, and he has his insecurities, but he trusts Cas. Really
He grunts a greeting to Vaughn as they pass each other, Vaughn giving him the barest of greetings but his gaze lingering on the cups and plate in his hands. Dean ignores him and shoulders the bedroom door open. Cas is sitting up; their pillows are propped side by side, squished together. He takes the plate while Dean places the hot beverages on their end tables. When he reaches for his pillow to slide it over, though, Cas tugs it back. “Lazy mornings are for cuddling, cuddle bear,” he says, almost sternly.
“Yeah. You know, same partner time after time, same positions, same four walls, same thing for the rest of your life?”
Luckily for him, Dean seems purely at ease. “Let’s go to bed, sweetheart,” he says. “Turn off the light.”
Cas sighs. “You picked this club, may I remind you. This is the shit that happens in these sorts of clubs.”
“And why do I love you?” He coats Dean’s cock with lube he must’ve grabbed at some point, then hovers his ass over it.
She didn’t give him any money, though, despite her tutting over “what a shame” it was that Sam’s sick. Her husband wouldn’t allow it, she explained.
on board. He thinks it’s going to take a long time to explore all of Cas’ interests. Maybe a lifetime.
“You guys are disgustingly beautiful,” Garth gushes as he moves around them, snapping. “Face me, Dean.”
The poor man must miss California’s warmth. Castiel certainly would. “Don’t get used to it,” he grins, knowing the temperatures will be dropping throughout the day and will even dip to below normal before leveling out over the weekend.
“Hi Dean,” Eileen greeted him. Her eyes were soft, her mouth pressed into a thin line. She knew. Sam must’ve told her.
Dean’s voice is teasing when he says, “You sure? I hear fluffernutter pancakes are all the rage around here.”
“I kind of like arguing with you. It does things to me,” Cas admits in a dark, suggestive tone that instantly turns Dean’s brain inside-out.
for you guys to get your heads out of your asses” to Crowley’s “Your pet names are disgustingly cute” and Charlie’s “You only fooled yourselves with your horrible acting.” Lee is mostly silent, smiling the fakest smile Dean’s ever seen. He looks incredibly peeved and uncomfortable.
He closes his eyes, knowing that he has to face this—for how long, who knows, but he needs to. He mentally adds
When the rush is over, Castiel places Matthew in his bassinet, then turns to Dean. “You shouldn’t have done that,” he grumbles.
Dean pinches and rolls his husband’s balls in his hand as he loosely strokes himself, never breaking his rhythm along Cas’ shaft. Cas grips the sheets until his knuckles whiten. He howls, and Dean cheers to himself. He absolutely loves making his calm and collected husband lose control, especially like this. When they were just friends, Dean would goad him into action—pulling pranks on him, poking him in the chest (he hates that), surprise attacks with pillows or wet fingers in the ear. It all worked, to some degree—Cas would scowl, yell, laugh until he couldn’t breathe, wrestle Dean to the floor. But this sort of loss of control is something else altogether. No one else can do this for Cas, and no one else will ever see him this way, vulnerable and lost in pleasure, helpless, speechless, struck stupid by hormones and the power of the bond between them. He’s not sure which he likes better—when Cas is so wild with desire that he takes what he wants from Dean, thrusting hard down his throat or fucking him into next week, or when he becomes so overwhelmed that he gives up and gives over, letting Dean take control of deciding when and how he comes. Trading power and control is so easy between them, because they trust each other implicitly. He’s so grateful he has this incredible man’s love.
“I know. But I have a family I want to spend time with, do things with. My dad lived at the store, and I have for years, but I want more balance now, for you guys.”
Cas crouches in front of him, his gorgeous blue eyes filled with real concern this time. “Color?” he whispers.
“Don’t gotta know your name, man.” He nudges him, a smirk tugging at his mouth. “C’mon. We could get outta here, have ourselves a good ol’ time.”
Zoe casts her eyes toward her feet and folds her arms. She’s trying to avoid, as usual, but Castiel is frustrated and he’s run out of sympathy.
“Can I help settle a quarrel, gentlemen?” a man about their age asks. He looks like a design school student (or dropout), he talks like a pretentious dick, and his squirrelly eyes are all over Cas.
Castiel feels the weight of both Dean’s question and his regard as he twists his shirt in his fingers. “No. Well, yes, but not in a bad way. He...ties me to a part of me I didn’t know I had, but a part that feels very much like...me. Like who I really am.”
Cas parades around a bit, making a show of unzipping his pants and working them down with some effort (his thighs are
Dean moves around Cas just in time to meet his father’s eyes. He’s not sure if his father saw his arms around Cas, but he knows he shouldn’t be ashamed if he did. He’s an adult now, and he can choose who he wants.
Gabe peers at the guy, making no secret of it, then turns his head lazily back to Cas. “Can’t make babies if you can’t say hi. Go talk to him.”
Dean pauses and stares at the screen, where the man in a suit is engaged in a fiery argument with the woman, who appears to be his secretary. “Yeah, okay, better,” he chuckles. “Much better.”
Cas if he wanted to move to Wyoming with him, he just told him to pack his shit so they could beat it the hell out of California. Hell, Cas was still a kid when they came here. Life at the foster home sucked, though, so he figured he was justified, and Cas never complained, even thanked him once for taking him with him. Still, he doesn’t want Cas to feel like he owes him, like he can’t make his own choices or...leave him. He wants Cas to live for himself.
Dean kisses his nose, then tucks himself under Cas’ chin. Thinking about how far Dean’s come from the man afraid of any hint of domesticity to this, Cas wipes a tear from his eye. There have been hurdles to jump, and there will continue to be, on both sides, but Cas feels they’re making something truly special here, a relationship that can only be born from the deepest friendship, one in which they face their fears and insecurities head-on, fully themselves.
Dean thought back to the only pleasant dream he remembered having in the space between Cas’ death and his own. “I slept great that night.”
“Hmm, lemme see.” Cas leans forward and places his hands on his face. Dean feels nearly breathless as Cas traces his features. “Scruff,” he chuckles. “I thought so. You have full lips. Divot in your chin. Mmm...your nose is mostly straight. No broken noses in your past. You have little wrinkles around your eyes. Are you smiling?” Dean nods, and Cas smiles in response. “Do you have any gray in your hair yet?”
“Yup. Not right away. Because what I wanna do next is take you out for a ride in my car. We’d go to a nice restaurant where I could show you off, or we’d go to the park with a picnic, whatever you want. Then I wanna take you to a real beach so I can see you all soaking wet up close. After that, I wanna take you back here and make you a drink, and I wanna dance with you while I suck whiskey and ocean salt right off that pretty mouth.”
Without asking, Cas retrieves another grape. This time, Dean bites it in half, taking his half and rolling it in his mouth, making a show of sucking the juice. He expects Cas to do the same.
, and then circling back to this past week and how things had been between them. When he’s done, he’s wrung out. He nibbles on cookies and waits for their judgment on how exactly he screwed this up.
Dean sticks out his tongue and Cas grins. He loves the pseudo-sibling relationship Dean has with her.
“Well, when you get sick of the ‘peace and quiet’, I’ve got a big house and a brother who just moved out.”
He usually ignores the music—or tries to—but he likes this one. It’s “Uptown Funk,” and damn it, it’s catchy. Those first funky notes get right into his soul and don’t let go. His head starts bobbing involuntarily. It feels good. It’s been a rough week—it’s been raining, the kids have been cranky, and he’s been dying for a little adult social interaction. Being an extrovert during a pandemic is
An hour later, Castiel is standing in the crowded bar. Dean is talking with the bar manager and bartender about shipping them some samples of the beer they’re making back in Maine (between the bar and the resort itself, neither of them could resist a
The brothers chuckle before Dean is hugged by his mom. “They get you for Thanksgiving and we get you for Christmas, okay?”
Dean stands at the grill, his brain and hands working on autopilot to cook hamburger patties and chicken breasts as his mind floats to Cas and their day yesterday.
“Thanks, but it would really make me feel better if you could tell me just one little part you agreed with the most.”
Dean decides to turn in, too, so they walk upstairs together, then split to go to their separate rooms. As Castiel reaches his bedroom door, Dean calls, “You were wrong, you know.”
Castiel nods and snuggles into him. Dean loops an arm around his shoulders and another around his waist and holds him. As he falls asleep in his love’s arms, there’s still a tiny, nagging doubt he has to resolve for himself. He’ll do that tomorrow. For now, he’ll enjoy this moment, just the two of them.
Matthew’s in a decent mood, at least. He woke up and ate a full bottle shortly after Dean left, and now he’s playing on his Woodland Friends playmat with the arch of soft animal figures above it. He reaches for them, delighted when he manages to hit one.
relaxed. “Dean,” Cas says gently. “You’re not gonna fuck this up. And I wasn’t asking if you’re going to fuck me over. I know you won’t.”
“Ah, fuck,” Dean sighed as their laughter faded and they slipped apart. “Jesus, that felt good to say.”
Castiel scoffs as he rings up his next customer—Zeke, here for a tray of coffees and boxed donuts. “Right.”
As soon as he hits the send button, he knows he screwed up. What the hell? They aren’t roleplaying. He’s getting messed up in the head with the alcohol...or, maybe, with this thing-that’s-not-a-thing.
“I want this.” Still loose from their previous encounters, he sinks down onto Cas’ cock in one shot, making them both groan. “Fuck, yes.”
There’s his mind, too. He’s so damn smart, and he has the best ideas (like this one, right now, as Dean is sucking down his cock like a pro, and he can’t give a single fuck about Dean not being a virgin because fuck yeah, he’s benefiting from Dean’s experience).
“I guess we have to go,” Castiel murmured with a pout, gazing out the window as the shopkeepers closed up to enjoy the rest of their Sunday.
“Yeah, I do.” His throat bobs. His eyes are shiny, his jaw tight. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. For making assumptions, for confronting you the way that I did, for not being honest, for doing this whole convoluted plan our brothers cooked up to get you to give me a chance—”
The main character, Dean, seems to be a college student, if the thick tomes next to him are any indication. He’s taking an online course, as evidenced by him sitting in front of the computer, and apparently, he has a crush on his professor, a character on Dean’s computer screen that goes unseen by the viewers. Even without seeing him, though, his crush is evident by how he stares dreamily at the screen, wipes his brow, and pretends to get flustered.
Laughing brightly at his boyfriend, he reaches behind him and slaps Dean’s ass playfully, then shifts out of his arms. “Come on. We have stuff to do today.”
They play a few rounds of Blackjack, but Dean can’t concentrate. He’s excited. Nervous. Happy. Oh, and horny, too. He won’t even
They return to the site. Dean closes his eyes, drops to his knees, and sends a prayer into the universe before digging once more.
Cas opens his eyes and turns to face Dean. “We could play his bias to our advantage. Bring different guys here every night and have sex. It would drive him nuts. I mean, we’d just be pretending, we wouldn’t really have sex with them, obviously”—Cas averts his eyes—“unless you want to, of course—”
Cas wipes his mouth, trying to hide a tiny smile. Dean sees it anyway, and it loosens the painful grip around his heart a little.
All morning, he thought about the man he’d fallen for, a man who finally had a face and a real name—the face and name he’d been trying to avoid out of utter embarrassment. He was angry at first; he felt played, catfished, and his embarrassment deepened. Everything he and Stranger shared—the jokes, the fears, the dreams and secrets—had all felt so
Soon, he’s going to need to figure out what to do with Matthew. His friends have offered their support, but they work the same hours he does and he’s not going to make them use their vacation time for this. He’s looked into daycares, and there’s only one nearby with an opening for an infant. It’s two hundred dollars
Once they’re seated, Cas takes Dean’s hand. He thumbs at the white gold ring with sapphire inlay on Dean’s finger. It was his at one time, a high school graduation gift from his father, made up of his birthstone, the gold of the mother’s ring his mother wore when she was alive, and his father’s wedding band. It fills him with contentment to see it on Dean’s finger, a reminder of all of their promises to each other. His wedding band used to be Dean’s, a family heirloom. He thumbs that, too, thinking of their wedding at the beautiful Stanford Memorial Church just a few days ago. Dean looked incredibly handsome in his tuxedo, but it’s the love in his eyes that he really remembers. There’d been a moment, irrational yet stubborn, when Cas thought that Dean would realize he was making a terrible mistake, that he was more comfortable remaining friends and would let him down gently at the altar. But when their eyes met down the aisle and Dean burst into tears, never taking his attention away from him, Cas knew that the love Dean felt for him was deep and true and would outlast this universe, just as his love for Dean would. They couldn’t help but grab each other in a hug, so overwhelmed in this gift they had together.
“He does,” Castiel can’t help but confirm. Dean has confided all of the things he’d love to do if only the businesses were his.
Claire runs back and squeezes next to Jack and Cas, covering her ears while Jack screams for his bottle. Dean’s stomach hurts from laughing so hard. Jack cried
Softly, Dean answers Castiel’s question. “See, maybe that whole ‘hard to appreciate it ‘cause you live it’ thing is getting in your way here. I think he’s getting a great deal. You can give him your friends and your family, who all adore him. You can give him a roof over his head, food in his belly, a great town, and more attention and love than most kids get. You can give him you, who’s loyal and honest, who loves him like crazy, who sacrificed everything to give him a good place to be when he was just a tiny little thing left at a fire station and is still sacrificing everything to be the dad he needs.
When Dean wakes, he realizes that he didn’t see more than five minutes of the game before he fell asleep...and judging by Cas’ drowsy eyes, he probably didn’t, either. “We fell asleep, dude.”
They gaze at each other for a moment. The urge to kiss him is strong. “Um, you’re welcome. So, pie?”
She shrugs. He’s guessing she’s had it a little longer than she’s trying to make it sound, but it’s not worth the argument right now. He tosses his hands. “Well, Dad won’t be back until later tonight, so I guess I have to sign it.” He grabs a pen from the drawer, then signs his partner Castiel’s name as close to Cas’ actual signature as he can. He’s gotten pretty good at it. “You never saw me do this,” he adds as the kids watch.
Cas ignores his feeble protest, as he usually does. “And I think of this. Being together in bed, or on the couch, or on vacation, or on the side of the road for an impromptu picnic, or on one of those long porch swings, sharing lemonade.”
Gagging sounds fill the room as Dean leans over dramatically, looking like a cat coughing up a hairball. Cas loses it, the two fans blurring as his eyes well up with tears of laughter.
“You fucking asshole,” he yells, his eyes flashing with fury. He looks ready to jump over the counter. Castiel holds him back, telling him it’s not worth it. Dean seems to disagree, but he calms in Castiel’s hands. “Fuck off,” he settles on shouting instead of pummeling the person who offended him.
But after Dean turns left, Cas turns right, right, right, and right again, until he’s back at Dean’s.
“You love me,” Cas grins, taking mercy on him. “Come on.” He scoots back to let Dean up, but Dean stops him. Dean sits up and threads his fingers through Cas’ hair.
“What was I supposed to do?” Dean shouted. “You were gone, I couldn’t get out of hunting, stuff just replayed over and over in my head—”
Cas catches him just inside the door, slinging his arms around his waist. They stumble their way to the bedroom, kissing and moaning into each other’s mouths all the way. They’ve barely slammed the door closed before Cas is pressing him into it, grinding against him. Dean tilts his pelvis up to meet him. They’re dripping with sweat already and they haven’t even gotten to the bed.
Eventually, Cas doesn’t wait for Dean to leave his parking space anymore—because they both work the day shift, and at the end of the day, they climb into one car and drive home.
Dean pauses, holding his face gently in his palm. “You can, you know. If you’re uncomfortable. I just thought—”
Sam pretends to retch, Cas sits primly, and Dean shakes his head and lets the sparks loose, just a little.
Dean must’ve seen Sam, too, because he barks, “What was that for? You think my best bud is a man whore?”
The hardest part was when he had to turn around and pretend that he was faking all those words, all those hopes. Yes, there was some safety in it—if Cas thought Dean was pretending, it meant they didn’t have to face everything just yet and Cas wouldn’t bolt—but it was hard, now that he’s going to be (almost) completely honest with his feelings. The weird tension that the sort-of lie gave him was relieved, though, by the very-real-to-both-of-them conversation about Cas’ former friends/boyfriends. It could’ve gone in a whole other direction, could’ve caused them to fight again...but instead, he thinks it might have opened up possibilities between them. If Cas could see that those relationships were crap because those guys were crap...and if he could see that what they have is the opposite of what he had with those guys...maybe, just maybe, Cas could see something more between them, especially if the feelings are there.
less appealing. “Yeah, you gotta change before I jump your bones, babe,” he says as casually as he can muster. “Get your ratty clothes.”
Clearly it’s a fantasy, because there’s no way actual domestic life could be this wonderful. Or perhaps it could, maybe, but Cas wouldn’t be so lucky.
Dean brightens. He may not get to cuddle Cas right now, but at least they’re hanging out alone, for however long that lasts. “Yeah.”
Dean is not happy about the invasion into their little dance party. Not that it’s a party, per sé, and not that it would be just for him and Cas if it was. It’s not like they’re an actual thing or anything. “Get your own dance partner,” Dean says, aiming for a light tone as he pushes Bal back. He likes Bal, and he knows he’s helping them out tonight by starting this conflict that will lead them to the “dating” that will lead to Vaughn leaving (hopefully), but lately he’s finding Bal and his incessant flirtiness irksome.
Dean has three things he wants to sort out as he embarks on this new thing with Cas: one, how to tell Bea; two, how to go on dates with Cas; and three, how to keep himself from running to Cas’ place and breaking every quarantine rule there is.
“Me too.” Cas uses his free hand to glide up Dean’s arm, his shoulder, his neck, until it rests against his jaw, his thumb brushing his bottom lip. “Can I…?”
Dean patted Sam’s back, then dropped from his embrace into Cas’. He huffed in disbelief. “We did it,” he murmured against Cas’ neck.
Cas undulates his hips, keeping a slow but steady rhythm until Dean pushes back against him. He speeds up, and when Dean speeds up too, Cas allows himself to thrust harder and faster. He takes Dean in hand and pumps his cock in time (mostly) to his thrusts; Dean shouts his name and grasps the pillow under him. Sweat slicks the way between them as Cas grinds into him, faster and higher.
He thinks that he’s too old and done too much good to think so little of himself. He wants more, deserves more.
“Call me what you call me in the bedroom,” Cas whispers. “When you’re hot for me and you can barely think. It makes me crazy.”
Dean snickers. After being told they couldn’t have children years ago, they were shocked when Andrea became pregnant last year. They had their daughter six weeks ago, just a couple of weeks after Charlie gave birth to Kiri for them. “I bet. They’re still coming tomorrow for the barbecue, though, right?”
. Gabriel stops recording, Zeke whines that the singalong was “some fucking Disney shit” even though he’s grinning, and Ana Jo declares it “cupcake time” as she makes her way to the platters on the counter. Dean makes eye contact with him and holds it, long enough for Castiel to have to avert his eyes as heat creeps to the surface of his skin.
Dean grabs lounge pants out of Cas’ laundry bag for both of them, and one of his t-shirts for himself. He gets a stupid thrill out of putting on his best friend’s clothes and seeing Cas in his shirt. He gets another thrill a moment later when Cas pulls him to his feet and dances him to the kitchen playfully, celebrating their small victory, and another when they smile at each other as they munch on strudel while Cas makes penne alfredo for dinner.
Cas looks at all of them, his eyes resting on Dean briefly before settling on his knees. He doesn’t really want to do this anymore, but he doesn’t want to ruin their night. “I—yeah, um, that would be fine. Good.”
“Well, maybe that’s why many fantasies stay fantasies. They feel forbidden or outside ourselves. But like I told Lee, we’re not hurting anyone. We’re just...exploring parts of ourselves in safe ways.”
Castiel stares at him. He really doesn’t need his cruel jokes. Just to show the guy he’s unaffected, he says with a sarcastic sneer, “Great. We open at 7:00 tomorrow. Be here at 6:30.” He salutes him, then picks up a rag to start cleaning.
Cas doesn’t move for a long, long time. Rather, he stands there, drawing out the tension, imagining himself stretching it between his hands and wrapping it around Dean like golden ribbons.
They smirk at each other. When Dean’s smirk fades to a small, fond smile, Cas turns his attention to his plate. He could tell himself his heated face is due to the wine, but he’d be lying.
“So fucking psyched to be out of the damn dorms,” Dean Winchester says to his roommate and best friend, Cas Novak, as they pull into a parking space. “When we’re done unpacking shit, we should see if Charlie and Jo are home and drag them out to grab food. Think we’ll be too beat to cook. We’ll make ‘em go to Target with us, too.”
He paced on the deck for a few minutes, then on the lawn, then on the beach, then made his way back to Castiel and paced on the deck some more.
Cas doesn’t have time to prepare. He’s grateful for the soft bedding under him as Dean tackles him, peppering him with loud, silly kisses on his cheeks and neck. “The profoundest, baby.”
You may have noticed that this is part of a series. My intention is to write a few smutty chapters when the urge strikes (or anything else you want to see—roleplay wedding, anyone?). If you have ideas for roleplays you'd like to see, leave them in the comments!
Cas watched Dean walk this morning. He was dropping something from his pockets, something the birds clearly liked, if the line of them following him was any indication. He takes the same way Dean did and spies what looks like a sunflower seed the birds missed. Cas scooches down and fingers it, smiling. His interactions with the man so far wouldn’t have told him this, but apparently, he has a soft spot for animals, or for the seagulls, anyway. Most people ignore them or try to scare them off, but not Dean. He even gives them the right sort of food, seeds instead of bread.
Remembering what Dean—or his omega, rather—requested earlier, he rumbles, “Let me make you mine, sweetheart.”
“Okay, Sam, sorry.” Dean grew quiet for a moment, then added, “Can I at least say I plan to get a proper nailing when we get home?”
Cas sees through his bullshit, though, and he knows just how to drag his ass right out of hell again. Dean rests his hands on his boyfriend’s hips. “I can always count on you to get me out of my funk, honeybee,” he smiles gratefully.
“You got it, sweetheart.” He picks up his phone and fiddles with it for a moment, then places it back on the nightstand. “I set an alarm. You want fluffernutter pancakes tomorrow?”
“I’m not giving him something to hold over our heads. If he pays a little more, he’ll think he has, like, majority share or something like that. No fucking way. He’s the type to use any little thing like that to his advantage.”
Cas steps into his space but doesn’t touch him. Instead, he walks around him like he’s examining a Michelangelo. “Beautiful,” he murmurs.
“Ass,” Dean grins. He senses that Cas is done being vulnerable for now, so he switches gears. “And speaking of ass, you seemed to like yours roughed up a little.”
“I love you,” Cas returns simply. Dean knows it’s true. He feels it in his bones, his blood, his beating heart and quiet brain.
Cas wanders into his Grammy Gus’ study, now his study. The study sits on the top floor of the house, tucked into eaves. Its walls are slanted and wallpapered in a powdery blue, floral-and-stripe pattern. The furniture is old and mismatched. It is, to the modern eye, ugly. But it’s imbued with the smell of the books tucked into its oddly-shaped spaces, and the desk is worn from too-heavy pencil marks and sweaty palms, and his grandmother’s spirit is everywhere—in her rock piles on the windowsills and bookshelves, in the kinetic desk toys she loved, and mostly, in her journals.
Castiel takes Matthew out of Ana Jo’s arms. He keeps his eyes on him as he answers, “I want to make it official. I’m ready to adopt Matthew.”
“Jesus, that was good,” Dean wheezes, hands braced on either side of Cas’ chest. “But fuck, my knees hurt.”
“I don’t believe that, nor do I believe that he’s not the ‘settle down’ type. I think he wasn’t allowed to settle down, and thus, he didn’t. Here, he’s found himself something he wants, a life for himself that he loves. He wants to settle down here.”
As he makes snacks for their friends, who are coming over to discuss last-minute details for the Alliance’s annual holiday celebration, Cas thinks about their ongoing problem and wonders if this fake fight/fake dating thing will really solve it, once and for all. He’s desperate to get this asshole out of their apartment. Hell, the ferret makes a better roommate—he may stink and have a habit of pooping in corners if let out of his cage, but he’s quiet and sort of fun. Cas takes him out when Vaughn isn’t around and plays with him. He’s pretty sure the ferret (who doesn’t seem to have a name) even likes him better than Vaughn, which amuses him. He wouldn’t miss Baron von Douchenozzle at all, but he’d miss the ferret a little. And, Cas has to admit, he’d miss this thing-that’s-not-a-thing with Dean a
Their conversation had become punctuated with several periods of silence. Cas said he was simply conserving his energy, but Dean suspected something else.
Cas scowls at Vaughn’s back. He swallows—still very little pain, thankfully—and steps away, hoping his eye roll and his smile are enough to erase the concern on Dean’s face. “Promise. Gotta go. See you later tonight.”
“Fun’s over here!” Reagan calls to the other side, apparently sensing the same vibe Cas is. “If you play nice and you’re not afraid to have a gay day, you can come on over our way!”
“Then we’ll get that.” Dean nods, then adds, “You know, we could do a whole ‘Pretty Woman’ thing where I take you shopping and shit before we...you know. Doesn’t have to be so, uh, impersonal.”
He grimaces at the mental picture before answering, “Keep living at the apartment, I guess. It’ll be nice to have the peace and quiet.”
“For you, Cas,” Gabe calls from the doorway to his brother, who’s sitting in the shoebox-sized office in front of the computer, his blue-blocker glasses reflecting it in a rosy hue.
“So this is stuff that you have to learn about with your family, but I do have something in here for you.”
At the desk, the host checked them in, then gave them actual keys hooked on tiny crocheted doilies. Castiel began to think that Dean had a point.
Cas changed the sheets). Cas asks him if his fever is up again, but Dean says he’s sated for now. “I’ll likely need you in the night, though,” he adds. He doesn’t know if he’ll actually wake up, but a true heat is supposed to be around the clock, and sex with Cas again? Yes, please.
“Yeah.” Dean squeezes his arm to emphasize his agreement, then continues to hang on to it to guide him to an out-of-the-way table. “I’ll go grab our drinks.”
“Yeah.” Dean turns his head toward Castiel. “Did I leave that on you a few minutes ago? When we were fooling around out back?” He points to a spot behind his ear.
“Mmmhmm.” Cas is still smiling, now closed-lipped, pressing them together hard enough to turn them white.
Ah, so lots going on in this one! What did you think about the deal with Cas' exes? How are we feeling now that the guys are "dating" finally? Anything make you laugh in this one? I hope it was a pleasant surprise after last chapter's conflict.
“Look, honey, the trash took itself out,” Dean says to Cas as he drops into his chair, frustrated and hurt.
Dean stares at him for a long moment before he smiles widely, whispering “Awesome” as he leans in to kiss him again. He pulls lube out of the nightstand drawer. “This would be good, though.”
“I’m not the easiest person to be with, you know that, and we’ve had our stuff. But we got the rest of our lives to do better than we have, if...if you want.”
Cas’ eyes widen, but he stays quiet. Dean opens a side door, then guides Cas to step in before him. Eileen is waiting there, holding an iPad.
And then there’s his spirit, his whatever makes him who he is—his sensitivity, his charm, his desire to make everyone happy, his humor, his easygoing way, all the love he gives.
Castiel glances at Dean, who’s now making Italians while he entertains Matthew by singing and pushing his stroller back and forth with his foot. He looks like he’s in a circus act, which is exactly how their lives have felt lately. “Yeah, probably,” he acknowledges. He doesn’t bother correcting the
