“Attached,” he repeats. “When you say ‘attached—’”
“It means dinner can be savored,” Cas points out, and Dean chuckles, experimentally sliding deeper.
He watches Dean for a moment, suddenly unsure.
And maybe he doesn’t need to — maybe he doesn’t
Dean just shakes his head and drives.
Cas licks his lips, although it doesn’t look like he had anything on them.
Dean’s on his third cup of coffee the next morning, glowering at a finicky problem set he’s either doing perfectly or completely fucking up, when Cas emerges from his bedroom, looking a little disappointed.
Except – the real question is,
Dean grimaces.
That — one would consider that a success of sorts, wouldn’t they?
“No, you don’t.”
He trains me himself, daily. I am unerringly loyal, and I intend to serve as his knight — as his
afterward — it’s in his best interests to make this work.
“He didn’t have to.”
“I see. Would you say your relationship has always been this contentious?”
? Charlotte will be so sad she missed this!”
Cas should at least know where things stand, before he lets it happen.
Dean arranges Cas on his back and tucks into his side to take a nap, once the orgasms have been had, and Cas dozes along with him, arm curled firmly around his shoulders to keep him close.
come Spring. Obviously, I’m sure his highness would never use his power to subvert the law, but still. If I were a regular fellow like yourself — or even myself — well, I’d pick my battles, is all I’m saying.”
“Listen, Claire—" he begins, but she holds up a hand.
“What about a warrant?” Dean asks, because search warrants on several of the other guys turned up evidence for all kinds of things in a true example of icing on the fucking cake.
And then he burrows back into the bed and lets himself cry.
“True. But I — sometimes I understand things much better, when you tell them to me — so try, and then
bought your own, which you said you were pleased with.”
Dean huffs a laugh.
Cas wonders if that has anything to do with the fact that Bobby doesn’t say anything to him about it, either.
Bobby sends him straight to Ellen.
“Yeah. Yeah, of course, Dean.”
Castiel squints.
the queen, Dean stays, even when the pixie chick from earlier catches his eye and raises a questioning brow. He just shakes his head apologetically, and she gives him an understanding nod in return.
married or attached (at least, he did once he managed to get a fucking word in), though Valencia and Bela were both going to be there, and just like that, Sam was on board.
“You don’t know a goddamn thing,” he mumbles. “Because I’m afraid, if I tell you, you’ll let me have it. And I need
Cain raises a brow.
“Maybe we should.”
Cas stares for a long moment, and then he moves forward, the tip of his nose just barely sweeping across Dean’s skin as he takes a quick, deep sniff, then lurches back like he’s been burned.
“Uh. Yeah. I mean — we’ve, uh. We’ve been dating for a while, so . . .”
Crowley narrows his eyes.
Cas shakes his head, though he’s starting to feel a little sick, adrenaline wearing off and the nerves he’s kept at bay on the slow, treacherous drive from Kansas beginning to make themselves known; because Dean, kind invitations or not, may not feel the same.
Chuckling, Dean lets the tablecloth fall.
“What time?” Dean asks, giving him a confused look, and Cas glances right back up, incredulous.
Cas playing hard-to-get over text afterward, he can kind of see it.
“Why am I not surprised?”
“I’m not—"
“What? No. Before I came here.”
“I don’t know. I figured you’d just — you’d wanna forget. Put it all behind you.”
In the end, as always, it all comes down to Dean.
“So, it’s nearing the end of the week. Did you make progress with Winchester?”
It rains Thursday of the fourth week, and Dean forces himself to catch Cas’s eye over breakfast, despite shutting down all his efforts at conversation the fifteen minutes before.
“Turnabout’s fair-fuckin’-play, Bradbury,” he interrupts coldly, and pushes Cas out in the hall. “
Somehow, he suspects kissing in the carriage isn’t customary, though he’ll be happy to be proven wrong.
Dean’s fork pauses, buried in a heap of noodles like some crooked flagpole, and he meets Cas’s eyes, searching.
“No, I mean the
“Wh-no, I don’t — I don’t
it, Dean, with all the respect that entails.”
“If you’re sure. He has extra pillows and blankets in the closet by the bathroom, if you change your mind.”
“And whatever’s going on with him — you’re welcome here, as long as you’re comfortable. Even if Dean’s bein’ a pill about it, if you want something, you just ask Mary or me and we’ll take care of you. Got it?”
----------
Cas grimaces immediately after, irritation plain, and Dean swears his internal organs all start to shrivel.
Dean hits a few buttons, and then he climbs onto the bed from the other side, crawling over to Cas and reaching for him.
“I don’t understand you,” he gasps. “How — how is this good, to you?”
it, I’m picturing it. Fuck you, Trace.”
“Oh,” he says to the empty room, eyes wide, body still tingling with pleasure.
” Abruptly, he scowls. “Son of a
or that he should remind Cas he did it.
“Well — uh. Sam — Sam wanted to come.”
,” Cas interrupts pointedly. “Either tell me to suck your cock, or tell me to go make my own breakfast.”
Maybe this is a new problem. Maybe this is part of Dean’s weird sexual dysfunction, and ever since he got home, he’s been grinding up on poor Cas in the mornings, and since Dean keeps trying to get Cas to sleep in the castle in the first place, maybe Cas thinks that’s
have a family, but has been doing everything short of officially dating Dean for the past month.
Cas shakes his head.
“I guess,” she says, doubtful. “Anyway — so you think he’s — what? Drugging you to sleep every night?”
“Hey, I can last longer than three minutes,” Dean protests, and then makes a weird noise. “Uh. I mean — I didn’t mean — actually, that, too, but — uh.”
So, maybe those things are more than ‘very nice.’ Maybe they’re fucking incredible, to the point where he worries about the eventual destination of whatever is happening here with renewed fervor. Still, they’re not the only things, nor are they quite enough to distract from the others.
“I’d like to be.”
Cas is in love with him, and I thought Mr. W loved him back. Like, I knew he maybe had some doubts, but I
“Fine. But he’ll have to cut it out of them.”
Dean stares back helplessly. Cas is upset — who the hell knows why — and Dean’s first impulse is to lie through his teeth and deal with it later, once they’re settled and Cas won’t lose his shit over nothing.
“Good,” he hisses. “That’s good, Cas, that’s exactly how it should be—”
“Yes, well, many things are uncomfortable, Sam, but this was — I think this counted as an
“Thank you, Lucy. I appreciate it.”
“Why? Anna-” Cas pauses, then sighs. “Anna says she’s very beautiful. And — charming.”
Anna gives him a speculative look.
Then she lowers her head, bringing a hand to her face.
“Well, for what it’s worth, you’re a good writer, Claire.”
“I think so.”
“Right, sorry,” Dean whispers, and then he finally lets himself push up, watching for Cas’s reaction, to make sure it’s okay.
miss about them, about any of the time he spent with Dean, is the way Dean can occasionally make him —
, and if Cas is taking his time figuring himself out, figuring out what makes him feel good, what maybe makes him
“No, it’s
Still, Cas should be able to enjoy this. These people would be considered very lovely by any standard, not that that was ever much of a priority for Cas, as much as he likes looking at aesthetically pleasing things, and more importantly, they’re Cas’s favorite kind of couple to sleep with; they’re clever and playful and the affection between them is so apparent and immense, it should be a privilege to witness it, to be invited to share in it for this brief, relaxed spell.
to do so; of course Cas has to play it this way. He must feel like a little kid whose teacher is forcing another kid to hang out with him.
the idea of getting down and dirty with someone else feels wrong for a lot more reasons than virus transmission. Hell, even something over Skype; that just seems – maybe he and Cas aren’t having sex, but if Dean’s being totally honest, that’s just semantics, as far as he’s concerned.
They hover there, held still where he opens, and Dean pulls away again, catching his eye. Cas blinks back at him in question, and slowly, Dean’s fingers begin to push further inside, eyes fixed on Cas’s face all the while.
“Not a lot. Bela told me more than he did.” She fidgets. “She tried to say it was her and their friends’ fault, but Cas knows he was wrong. Like, really wrong.”
“I thought you hired someone new?”
“No, totally. I will.”
“You don’t know,” he repeats, faintly unhappy. “So — you’re interested in marrying him, huh?”
Dean lifts his brows.
Sam shrugs, eyes sad.
“Watch the show, Dean,” he mutters, and because Dean
Meg made good on her promise, and Cas spent the summer and his first year of college hellbent on trying new things, trying to find the other things he could love, the things that weren’t Dean. Dean didn’t like it, and they fought about it every now and then, but Cas stood his ground and tried to tell himself the distance he was beginning to feel between them was only a good thing.
Mrs. Novak shoots him a look, though she smiles at Dean.
“Yeah. Should be a lot of fun.”
“No, no, come on, we talked about this with Pam, remember?” Dean insists, a little frantic.
It’s a lie, and he can tell by the other man’s wince that it’s obvious.
hate him for some strange, unknowable reason. Just — another stupid fantasy for the pathetic and naive.”
“Do you think you ever will?”
someone should let them know that.”
“Except that’s like, not at all how it is? Wow, Dean said you didn’t enjoy the show as much, and I think I can see why. Where was I? Ah, yes. So, Dean’s the ketchup, I’m the salt, your Captain America guy is the pepper flakes, and—”
But then Dean’s dropping to his knees, expression tight, and reaching out to take hold of Cas’s jaw.
Relief surges within Cas, and he shoots his sister a hopeful look.
many. Shouldn’t take you more than two.”
“It’s true,” Cas says quietly. “This is — a lot to process. But you’ll see.”
wrapped around Dean and clung like he was trying to fuse them together, like he couldn’t bear the thought of having to let go, and
“I know,” he says, and he sounds miserable about it. “I know. You do. You – you have me.”
Dean’s silent for a moment, and then he sniffs.
“You, too. When the hell did you see him?”
“I thought we already talked about this.”
Mom apparently made him cucumber sandwiches again this morning, and they have milk for tea. Fine, maybe Dean should have tried to compromise with a delivery order, but the point is moot, now. What is he looking for?
He doubts Bela will want to, but it makes no difference to him.
Dean, whatever you’re looking for can probably be found in the
If Dean weren’t so uncomfortable, he’d smile at the reference.
Cas nods, not quite able to speak.
“Oh, stop it,” she huffs. “It’s just unsettling.”
Dean’s honestly surprised his chest doesn’t just collapse.
“What if I didn’t hear it?” Dean protests, reaching for it. “We
“Then what
“Yeah, Cas?
want, after all.)
to know. He lets go of Cas, silently advancing on the pair in front of him.
Dean shakes his head, a little wistful.
And Cas sees it, the exact moment Dean’s eyes shutter and he stiffens, avoiding Cas’s gaze.
Cas nods, reaching out, touching his face.
Dean, ever oblivious, just goes on.
Cas just stares at her, a little disbelieving, but certainly not about to protest.
Hester perks up.
“I want to. It’s mine, now,” he adds. “I’m keeping it.”
“I wasn’t thinking,” Lucy protests. “We can’t—"
As he walks away, he swears he hears her mutter, “Pretty much what I’m afraid of, dude.”
“Hello?” he answers, not bothering to look at the screen. It has to be Hester, wanting to know why he and Claire weren’t in church.
“Cas bein’ gone.” That part’s kind of true; Dean was afraid, still is a little bit, that this all just meant Cas was gonna leave.
“Those are the worst kinds of problems,” she tells him, earnest, and gives his leg a sympathetic squeeze. “For some people more than others. In fact, some people just make a problem worse because they haven’t figured out it’s a problem.”
afterward!”
He’s pretty sure Dean loves it, too.
Samandriel is — of fucking
“Holy
He’s a little sad and disgruntled, and he makes a halfhearted effort to appease the likewise halfhearted urges, but if Hester had stayed and insisted on playing the flute for the two and a half days it lasted, Cas doesn’t think he would have been all that bothered.
“Anyway,” Sam interrupts. “That’s kind of not the point. The point is — Cas wanted to kiss you for a long time, but he was always afraid
Cas just gives her a sour look.
He’s a mess.”
Nah, for right now, the dungeon is the least of his worries.
and — Dean
“You’re very generous.”
There is a man sitting there, head propped on one hand, and Cas—
“Not until tomorrow.”
“Didn’t wanna bug y—"
“I — are you asking me?”
Dean blinks down at him, stunned.
“Guilty,” he says calmly. “If you stop shaving, I’ll have to move out, or I’ll never let you leave the bed.”
“Yeah.”
“What? He’s very pretty.”
And while a part of him is tempted to just ignore it and wait it out, he’s got a pretty good feeling he’ll be sleeping in here tonight, and the last thing he wants to do is end up trying to ‘rub one out’ against
Cas tries to reassure himself that he’s an adult, and he doesn’t need Dean’s help to pack, but he still sits on the closet floor staring anxiously into his empty carry-on bag for a full twenty minutes.
He looks at Dean for a long, long moment, and then, just barely, he nods.
“I thought you said it was a major trade center. It sounds busy.”
“Ah. Well — the man had his radio playing; a classical station. And
“Sounds good. Where do I start?”
“C’mon, sweetheart,” Dean says, grinning back and tugging at him. “Water’s gonna get cold.”
Cas had rolled his eyes, assuming the offer to be largely made out of pity, but he’s been dreading this trip since he booked his flight. Even though he knows it’s wrong, a big part of him wishes he were with Dean, instead.
“Good for you,” she mumbles. “I — I’d like to point out that these aren’t things you usually discuss in polite conversation. Although if you have questions, you should — Bobby! Ask Bobby.”
me, but never like they just . . . were happy I was there. That they were with me. And I — I used to resent my parents, my family, for not giving me that, but after you . . .”
“Uh.” Dean isn’t sure whether saying more or less will work better for him. Cas narrows his eyes.
“I don’t know,” he admits. “We’ll have to see.”
“I . . . I’m gonna talk to the whole council. And tell them that I want you to come stay at the castle with me. ”
He’s not sure what to say, so he just smiles and offers Cas a hand up, though he doesn’t think he really needs it. Cas looks at him like he’s thinking the same thing, but after a moment, he firmly grips Dean’s hand and climbs onto the seat.
“We’ll see,” she sighs, and when Cas moves to follow her, she shakes her head. “It’s okay, Cas, I can see myself out. You guys have a good evening. Say ‘hello’ to Claire for me.”
that you struggle with this. And you’re never obligated to share with me, whatever it is, but — you have to stop lying.”
There. Two empty bottles of Jack Daniels whiskey, right at the top of the bin.
“Omega’s robes?” Jo asks, and Cas nods.
And then Cas’s words start to catch up to him.
“So . . .” Dean starts, once they’ve made it back to Cas’s room and Cas has methodically lain him out on the bed, tucking in against him when he’s through as they settle in to wait for dinner. “There, uh. There’s something I kinda wanted to talk to you about.”
He takes a deep breath.
“Is it? Are you about to lose it, Dean?”
“Oh. Cool. I, uh, I’m glad if it makes you feel better.”
a rather nice fantasy series about the angels of myth, from the mountain people.”
“No. So you shouldn’t blame me, either.”
“Well, yes. It doesn’t matter if they’re in the kitchen once we’ve left for the orgasm.”
Cas huddles in his bed that night and wishes Dean were there, just holding onto him; he comes down to breakfast the next morning, and when his Dad looks at him, then sighs and shakes his head, Cas wishes he were wrapped up tight somewhere safer. And when nobody says a word to him, all day, until he once again retreats to his room, he positively
Certainly, Cas could never remember anyone else saying so.
now Dean is holding the child’s hand and wandering off toward the inflatable slide.
“I told you the other night, Dean. This is your duty, and mine. Regardless of our feelings about it.”
stop.”
“I know. And I accept your apology.”
“I didn’t say anything.”
“Did you fight?”
“That’s certainly true.”
“You didn’t. I was old enough to make my own choices.”
“Right,” Dean mumbles, awkwardly getting to his feet, mind racing. “Right. Uh. Maybe — maybe we could pick this back up tomorrow, though? Just — touch base? Maybe?”
“Yeah, okay. I’ll write down the details for you.”
Samandriel’s shoulders sag.
“All those nights you wouldn’t come home. You — you haven’t done that in a long time, and I — I had thought that maybe . . .” he trails off and looks away, ashamed.
— neck. There’s a scent there, undeniably omega, but beyond that, he still smells painfully adolescent.
For some reason, Dean’s smile slips.
Dean stays put, frowning harder.
Unfortunately, Cas doesn’t answer on the first knock. Or the second knock. Or the third, maybe a little obnoxiously loud knock. Dean thinks back to the night he slept next to Cas, if he was really
Susan chokes a little, but then she quickly nods, propping her chin on her hand.
“Oh, but that was different. They were fightin’ for the their right to murder their own people. Day they so much as ask about protecting these girls they send off instead of sacrificing ‘em for the rest o’ the town is the day Winchester stops takin’ ‘em.”
Dean’s sure he’s never blushed harder, or faster, in his life. He knows for a fact that the hickey he gave Cas in the car after school on Thursday was below and off-to-the-side of even the loosest of Cas’s t-shirt collars. Did Cas
“Well, of
And when he’s catching hands and maneuvering legs and strategically throwing his weight around, he almost feels like there’s something he’s forgetting, something important that he’s supposed to be trying to do here — or maybe even trying
Anna’s snort of laughter quickly turns into a hiss of pain, but somehow, Cas finds himself sympathizing with the needle.
The soft lumps in the cream slowly draw themselves up into curling peaks as Dean scrambles to review the last month in his head.
Because for all the man’s faults, his dad knew people, and he was the only person who’d ever really seen Dean for what he was. And this time, when he started in on it, he wasn’t that drunk and he wasn’t that angry, and he knew
Cas stills.
Cas swallows.
“And what a brilliant idea it was. I am
Dean doesn’t let out a long-suffering sigh, but it’s a near thing.
“Just the shoulder?” she asks Bobby, and when he nods, she whacks his arm.
him! Just because
“Yes.” He deflates a little, remembering the year it stopped. “But that ended in college, too.”
The change in subject is an unexpected mercy, and if Cas wasn’t sure Pamela knew before, he is now.
(Maybe the fact that that’s when Cas tells him he’s going to be away for over two weeks, an eternity fraught with terrible potential, has something to do with it, too.)
we were gonna have sex in it.”
She offers the large swatch to Pamela, settling back on the bed with a grin.
“Alright. Have a nice day, Dean.” He stands, so Dean does, too, just sort of watching him.
“Say no,” he advises. “Peter here’s in the mood for some gossip; I doubt you’ll get to eat at all if you sit next to him.”
Cas’s grip on his wrist tightens, and he steps closer, face serious.
Cas pauses, then briefly turns back around to kiss him.
“Kind of.”
“Riiiiight. Yeah, anyway – that’s actually not what you said.”
Cas narrows his eyes.
“Three? I thought this was only two.” She glances at Cas, mock-disapproving. “Cas. Have you been sneaking out?”
“What about Mr. Novak?” Dean interjects, smiling. “Sounds like he could use some lessons.”
Dean stands, clenching his fists as he watches his father calmly scribble across the parchment. Last night’s stunt made it clearer than ever that Cas still doesn’t understand adult things; he’s nowhere even remotely near ready to have kids.
“Relax,” he sighs. “It’s just a little weed. I needed to calm down, as you so
Dean jerks into Cas’s fist with a moan, his cock so hard the contact almost
Cas only spent a night there, and while it was far from being the worst conditions he could imagine, Dean’s unaccustomed to such things. What’s more, he doesn’t deserve to become so.
in addition to being embarrassed, Cas ruthlessly strips off his clothes and stalks into the bathroom. It’s an effort not to hunch over in an attempt to cover himself, but he stands straight and plunks into the water with a defiant splash.
Cas’s discomfort fades after a moment, and finally, he remembers to ask.
Cas shivers.
“Kiss my neck, Dean,” Cas murmurs, pulling away and tilting his head and Dean wastes no time threading his fingers through Cas’s hair and getting his mouth back on the soft skin beneath his collar, Cas’s scent blooming bright and fresh and sweet between them as he quietly pants in Dean’s ear. “I want — last time, your teeth—"
“Come on, Charlie. Think who we’re talking about.”
Cas grimaces.
“A few,” Garth answers, good-natured as you please, and Charlie smothers giggles into her sleeve beside him.
book, opting to simply lay on her stomach, chin propped in her hands while she watches Sam with a serene expression.
Because even more than Cas wants kisses, or even wants Dean to fuck him, Cas wants – he wants Dean to give him
Which — ouch.
Cas’s smile grows, and he reaches out, brushing Dean’s hair and kissing him again.
He rolls his eyes, but allows her to pull him to his feet.
“No. Yes. Sort of. It — yes, I think, but also, not the kind I thought? And now I’m confused.”
unconscious).
Sam just stares at the screen for a long, long moment, face blank.
“I do. I just — I didn’t know — Sam told me you can love people in different ways. Like how he loves King John differently than he loves you, but he still loves you both.”
Cas rolls his eyes, using his legs to tug Dean forward, and Dean catches himself on one hand, huffing a laugh.
Charlie leans in closer.
Dean doesn’t see it that way.
“Trust me. I — I’m wishing I could just give you what you want, just this once. But I can’t. We can’t. And I am going to try, as hard as I can, but — it’s like you said, Cas. Sometimes you just have to take what you can get.” He hesitates. “I hate it, too. But if I know you’ll be there, that I’ll be with you — that’s huge to me. That’ s the only way I think I could handle it.”
And Cas — Cas still has no idea why.
flashes across the screen, and Cas’s stomach drops; it takes him a moment to answer, and when he does, his hands are shaking a little.
Well, Mom and Dad are busy arguing about a shark documentary, anyway.
That said, it’s a lot less likely to happen that way if Dean confesses now. Which, again, there’s nothing to confess to, but it still feels — weird, somehow.
It’s shocking, in the best of ways, and Cas curls forward into Dean with a shudder.
is the least justified.
Dean laughs, a vaguely breathless quality to the delighted sound.
Dean snorts, leaning back against the wall and picking up his phone with his free hand.
It’s then that Dean fully takes in his surroundings, which are definitely not his bedroom, though he is in a bed.
It never occurred to him
“You okay?”
it, loves every maddening, beautiful part of it, helpless to do anything but push into Dean’s mouth and rock onto his fingers, squeezing around the blissful fullness inside him, and just when he starts struggling to maintain a rhythm, is gasping for every bit of air in his lungs and involuntarily twisting, the pleasure of it fast approaching too much to bear—
Dean freezes at the first swipe of wet tongue against his cheek, Cas’s mouth hot where it touches his skin, and Cas goes still as well.
Cas dislikes it.
But there was a moment, when he said goodbye to Dean, when Dean
bed at Bobby’s -
He grins, wide.
“Oh.”
His mother cries this time, as well.
“No. No, I just — I just thought — he’s family, right? That’s all. That was supposed to be all.”
Dean’s stomach drops.
The frantic train of thought stutters to a halt as Dean scans the room, looking for some kind of clue, and his gaze settles on a white scrap on the nightstand.
Cas hums.
“You sleep cuddle.”
“They’re not, Cas,” Dean says hoarsely. “I don’t bed people if they’re not comfortable. But - you can’t touch it.”
“You didn’t know you were friends?”
“We’re winding down. You can just, um. Lie back.”
(But then, he thinks, even a hundred wouldn’t feel like enough.)
“Huh. He’s right. I see you every day, so it didn’t seem like a big deal.”
“I’m so glad. Really, everyone deserves to have someone they can trust with themselves.”
“Cas . . . you
Cas swears Dean looks
Which isn’t the whole truth, but they’d be here for three days if he tried to list it out.
“No, I don’t,” he insists. “He
So Dean opens his mouth and
He doesn’t
“You could say that. Anyway . . . in the carriage, I was just — it was stupid, but I kinda thought you might get excited like that, too, if I told you. What I went home and did.”
“You don’t know that it
there might be a few tears when he rambles on about how lucky he is that Cas was born and New Eden didn’t push him off a cliff and Dean’s council was just shitty enough to make Dean go get him but not shitty enough to say he couldn’t
beauty are a popular castle topic.”
“Uh — yeah, o-okay. Sure, why the hell not?”
** SPOILERS **
Except if Dean’s following right, not only did Cas spend his heats in here while Dean was away, he also —
Cas doesn’t know what to say to that, so he just nods shortly, concentrating on the bread and cheese he’s been given.
“But I am! Everyone says so. Well, mostly. Gabriel does, anyway.”
“Well, he
“Dean will take you on a drive through the city. The people like to see the mother of the future heirs.” She leaves out the part about ‘and the symbol of Winchester’s might.’ “You’re supposed to be dressed in the finest there is.”
undressed, but also bad, because it means he’s not putting his pants back on, either.
“Just — Dean, think about yourself, for once. Okay?” He shuffles toward the living room, looking tired. “I’m gonna go play Hanafuda with Val.”
“Not tonight,” is all he says, and Cas nods in understanding.
Dean showers and brushes his teeth (and has a quick look around under the sink, just in case) and returns to the kitchen to find breakfast just about ready. They lose a good few minutes to making out by the toaster, somewhere in there, and Cas has the gall to complain about the butter clumping.
“Oh.” She tugs a little at her collar. “Well. I — maybe?”
Three-and-a-half years ago, Cas walked through the doors of the council room, and Ellen recognized the exact moment Dean realized who he was.
“I forgive you. Just —“ He takes a deep breath. “Don’t make me wait anymore, please.”
She couldn’t possibly know, could she?
The car swerves, and Cas clumsily rights the vehicle’s trajectory before casting Dean a shocked look.
Unnerved, Castiel heads swiftly for the door.
“Yes. Yes, it is. And — will you come have coffee with me, in the morning?
“Sorry,” he repeats, then nods. “Like you were sorry about the hand-washing incident. Which you then said wouldn’t happen again.”
“Uh, so you could have
He’s not sure why she bothers asking, when it’s clear that must have been the case.
She pouts.
“Happy New Year,” he says quietly, and the raucous echo of the same would have drowned it out if he weren’t so close.
“Well—" he starts, but before he can continue, there’s a loud, urgent knocking at the door. He squeezes Dean’s hand more tightly on reflex, turning to glare at the door.
“And how
“God, no. The entire point of going to college is to get away from my family, Dean.”
“I’m getting what you got last time. Nobody better complain or they get the timeout corner.”
“Oh.” Cas shifts, and when Dean feels his arm move, he instinctively glances over, watches Cas’s hand travel down to his lap, fingers tucking under his boxers as his hand disappears over the telltale bulge in them and Dean-
Past homophobia/A+ parenting (part of the marked section which can be skipped): Also in this conversation, Anna remarks that, when pushing boundaries in high school, she thought Cas thought he would get a ‘reaction’ for his sexuality, but was not prepared for the full nature of his parents’ response. She notes their father never looked at him the same, afterward, and when Cas tries to brush it off as unsurprising, given that he never looked at him all that kindly before, Anna points out that it is always a surprise when you realize your parents’ love is conditional.
Cas looks alarmed.
to. He kept doing shit, and even though I kinda thought of this yesterday, I — jeez, I don’t know. Part of me was kinda falling for it. But after today — you know, I think it’s gotta be an act.”
“So — what? I was your first and last sweetheart?”
“Cas — Cas, I’m gonna —"
Anyway, he stands there for God knows how long, hovering in the dark hallway and staring at the shadowed white door, trying to gather the courage to knock and ask if Dean will please just come eat dinner with him, before it abruptly opens.
“Now?”
“I think you’re playing enough games,” Sam retorts, in all his snide, bitchy glory, and with a final toss of his hair-
Which — yeah, maybe he does wallow. Maybe he goes over every little moment he can remember, wondering if Cas’s smile or his laughter or his bright, happy scent had anything to do with Dean at all, or if they came so easily because Sam and Charlie had been in his room goofing off a few hours prior.
“Okay. How old do you
Anna gives him a vaguely suspicious look, but considers it.
Dean really — he
Dean starts to leer, and Cas holds up a warning hand.
“Don’t ‘
the same type, but they were certainly something special, and Cas must admit to being relieved when they ultimately chose someone else.
For a moment, Dean just looks at him.
“Wait and see, buddy,” Dean tells him cheerfully, and tousles Cas’s hair.
“You, too,” Sam says, and Dean watches as Cas finally turns, walking after Daphne.
Dean’s eyes close, fingers moving up to pinch the bridge of his nose between them.
Dean nods, trying not to look too excited about the prospect of her leaving.
Dean stares at him.
“Yes, sir,” Dean replies. The dude looks severe and constipated, something cold and flat in his eyes, and Dean’s dismayed to realize this is probably Cas’s dad.
“He serves in your navy?”
“I dunno what you mean.”
“Uh.”
The carriage jostles a little, no doubt Sam and Charlie climbing onto the perch.
He swallows, and tries to remember what that question means outside the context of lurid fantasy.
She looks at him for a long moment.
“It’s fine. I’d like to understand.”
“Yes, well, you should be. If you think
and Dean will hold his hands and thrust up into him, and Dean’s
“I think you can. I probably don’t seem like a reliable source of advice, given my errors, but — even if you can’t have what you want now, I think, if you go back, you may get it after all.”
Cas looks incredulous.
Obviously, Dean is embarrassed about the shorts, but it
“Why wait? I’ll have to write my father for permission, but — you could come back with us when we leave, and your sister can send a guard to fetch you when you’ve had your fill of the ocean. If you do, that is,” she adds, tracing her fingers over the page with wistful eyes.
“So wait; the missus is just whoever’s waiting for the other person to come back?”
Cas is in no mood to laugh.
If for some reason he
“Thanks, Chuckles. Always nice to have the support of my queen.”
“About — watching you? Or — kissing you?”
“Is he going to visit me?”
“Say things like that.”
“I’m sure it will be,” Cas says, and he is. “When do I need to be ready?”
“Jeez, Cas, no, I don’t think he would.” He takes a deep breath, shifting a little where he leans against the door. “So — you didn’t — have anything to say?”
Dean stares at the word, heart unsteady in his chest, his gaze flicking over the items in the cart. Just some essentials, nothing perishable, stuff he can glove up and barely touch before leaving to sit by the door and decontaminate for a week or so; lube, a few other toiletries, some snacks Cas likes and maybe a tiny Squishable, just because it’s on discount and it’s cute and Cas is cute and Cas is struggling and maybe he could use another soft thing to cuddle with.
She narrows her eyes.
Mrs. Tran insists on coming to the door with her; Claire’s pretty sure she’s going to lecture Cas for being ten minutes late, and frankly, she’s okay with that.
He’s not up there long, not more than five minutes of burrowing into the bed and imagining he can still scent Cas there, before there’s a knock on the door.
but—"
The young man is kneeling on the ground now, half obscured by his overturned carriage.
“Ah. Alright,” he agrees quietly, ashamed, and he feels Dean swallow.
Anyway, as the soon as the words penetrate, Dean chokes on his bite of roasted carrot, fork nearly clattering onto the plate.
“I mean,
“Tell me, and let us be done with it,” he snaps, eyes searching. “
Cas supposes — but he chooses to ignore it.
“Actually, you told me a lot about Sam,” he says instead, hoping Dean doesn’t pick up on the tremor in his voice. “But you didn’t say much about you. I know you teach now, but . . . how did that happen?”
not angry, Cas thinks.
And that just — that pisses Dean the hell off, because it’s like Cas is pulling words right out of Dean's brain and passing them off as his own goddamn feelings.
Cas stares hard at the ground. He’s aware of his deficiencies.
They’re quiet the first few minutes, staring out across the damp, shiny black pavement, a light wind stirring dead leaves across the lawn, though they’re mostly shielded on the porch.
“Because you’re clearly a lot more than just
for another moment, unconsciously scenting the air between them while Cas stares back, serious and grateful, those goddamn eyes blue and endless and — and —
The knowledge doesn’t stop him.
“Well, I reckon you oughta do that, son. Let him know. I can’t say I cared much for his part in all that Tradition nonsense, but Lord Robert’s always said he was a good boy. I’m sure if you let him know how things are – well, he’ll do just what he should.”
“Likewise! We look forward to getting to know you better. And we thank you for your hospitality; the castle is as beautiful as Cas said.”
“Uh.”
is all he sends back, barely able to contain his ire. Dean is probably laughing his ass off all the way home right now, well aware of what he just did. The
He twists, fingers going tight in Dean’s hair again, and smothers a sob into the pillow, because in this moment, he realizes he’s going to have to finish, and
“Right, I forgot. You
He tries to offer Cas a neutral smile, but his whole face feels brittle.
That light frown deepens.
Dean blinks.
would probably have just considered it to be exactly the sort of heroic, generous thing Dean would do, but now?
Ellen spares a brief glance to the vacant nightstand when she comes to check on him, and Cas awkwardly waits for her to say something.
Dean gives him a thumbs up, pulling the blanket back over his head.
It’s a lie, obviously, but his wishes are clear, here, and Cas should respect them.
She scowls, unimpressed.
“I owe you lunch,” he confirms.
— then wouldn’t that be his true answer? Having help seems to be a fairly normal thing, so maybe what he wants right now is to have someone else deal with it.
“Well,” he interjects, not wanting to waste his opportunity. “It was nice to see you again, Lisa. Claire and I should let you guys catch up.”
“I just want to be clear what that means—"
“You weren’t around.”
“Probably?”
“Well, alright, then. So you’ve determined a couple of important things about your wants and expectations going forward, as well as cleared up one of your misunderstandings.” She pauses. “You said things had been getting bad for a while, Dean. I imagine the question of do-you-or-don’t-you want to see other people is not the only issue here. You expressed to me your certainty that Castiel was unhappy. What made you think that?”
A boyfriend who doesn’t
Cas freezes.
Finally, Dean clears his throat.
“Does it matter?” he counters. “I’m not sure my happiness
for anything more than that tonight.
Dean stares back and tries not to look too embarrassed.
“And for Columbo?”
“Personal space, man!” he sputters, and the guy tilts his head before stepping back. It’s still not really far enough.
He never thought he could say this during a heat, but today has been a very, very good day.
And Dean is so screwed. He would laugh if it were anyone else, but the thought of it being anyone else that Cas was suddenly hanging around and doing these things with fills Dean with unprecedented crankiness, and shit, that means he’s
become ensnared by Dean Winchester’s dubious country-boy wiles?”
“Of course, Dean.”
“Right now, maybe, but you guys are getting married again, aren’t you?”
? Yes, Claire being Dean’s student potentially makes his plans a trifle more awkward, but it’s not a complete impediment. Is it that he pities Cas?
makes you happy. That someone could never be me. Not after what we’ve been through.”
also answered him.
. No. He asked me to.”
Dean huffs a laugh.
Cas was afraid of that.
! And I don’t want those other things. I
“Ah. Thank you,” he says, as calmly as he can mange, and without another word, he hurries on toward the stairs.
Dean grits his teeth, and not because he’s having bathroom trouble.
, it was tim e, Dean had been thinking about this moment all fucking week – had been thinking about this moment for
A heat is not fun. A heat is never fun. A heat is a test of his attachment to life, and more than once, he’s come close to failing it.
him you won’t marry anyone, if you can’t marry him.”
“What are you trying to say to me?” he asks, although he’s pretty sure he knows.
“But actions always have consequences, Castiel — whether they’re good or bad. And even when you’ve been left with nothing — you might surprise yourself, with what you’re still capable of. With what you can set in motion. And there will always be power in that.”
He settles in with no time to spare; the lock clicks, a satisfied grunt sounding from the hall, and then the door pushes open. Cas grips the candelabra, high above his head, and the instant the man steps into view, he starts to bring it down.
And even if it’s too late, now, one thing is clear: their time is up.
He’s not entirely sure he can stomach hearing about Dean with someone else – especially not someone Dean would still prefer to think about over Cas.
Cas blinks, and Dean laughs weakly.
“Even as King, I don’t know that you could, chief. Council’s pretty insistent. Even a lot o’ the people like it, think it serves New Eden right.”
Charlie must have loved the horse, as well, and neither one of them were prepared to be confronted with their grief this morning.
“What?”
(He refuses to consider that what Dean was doing to his neck was any kind of problem, because then he’d have to forgo it in the future and, well, he’s not willing.)
“Why is that, Dean?” Pamela queries, clearly wondering the same thing. “It isn’t a relationship in spirit, and you aren’t obligated to lie.”
In the end, Cas was up there for three hours. Dean had sobered up by that time, and although he usually didn’t get sick from drinking (at least, not from just a few beers), he found himself on the verge of puking by the time Cas and Meg walked down the stairs, her arm around him.
“Woah.” He blinks. “Like,
“Whatever;
Dean nods, and Cas notes, with some resentment, that he appears to be the most comfortable, least-confused person in the room.
“Still. I know this — I know you, uh. You worry. But please don’t. About — any of it. Just — try to, I don’t know. Have fun while I’m gone.”
And maybe Dean should shut up, because Cas is beginning to look quietly furious, but come
Cas complies, and then Pamela goes right to the bed, perching on the edge and patting the space beside her.
Cas doesn’t pull away, still clutching Dean’s head to his chest, heart hammering.
“I understand he plans to sell.”
It takes him a moment to find his words.
“Yeah? You’re lucky. Bodies don’t, uh. Don’t always cooperate, even when we really want something. But you really — you did great, Cas.”
Dean gives him a vaguely disbelieving look, but loosens his grip.
Dean gives him a wide-eyed look.
before I let you take him a second time.”
Cas opens his eyes, squinting in the early morning sun.
“Right?” Dean almost looks relieved. “I, uh. I thought so. ‘S’a good place to just — relax.”
“Yes.”
Dean swallows.
She seems pretty damn unhappy, and maybe she’s just annoyed that she has to be here for this, that Dean’s causing trouble, but
number of points every time you interrupt your partner.”
“Have been,” Dean grins, light catching the sweat on his brow, and Cas automatically grins back, butterflies spontaneously erupting out of the lava pooling in his stomach.
Cas just wishes he understood
as children, I do think that knowledge has since been clouded by your doubts and insecurities. But — I would like to see you reestablish that bond. And I think if you work together, if you keep talking, you absolutely can do that. Do you disagree?”
It’s as if everything slows down, Dean just standing there, watching Benny go down, Cas following after. Cas’s leg moves, and suddenly his knee’s on Benny’s sternum, pressing him into the ground, sword held millimeters from his neck as he looks up in surprise.
Cas swallows, hard.
“That’s not true,” Cas says, unable to help himself. “Anyone you think is family, anyone you think is your responsibility — you’ll sacrifice a lot to make them happy. And that’s one thing, if they’re not asking a lot, but if they’re demanding too much, you can only force yourself for so long.”
“Can you think of anything else? Were those the only times you embraced?”
“I guess — what I’m saying is, for Cas? I’m a habit. And he’s not — he’s not great, when it comes to breaking habits. And he’s got so few people, even though he’s so — you know. He could have a lot more, if he went out looking. But since he doesn’t, I’m a lot of what he’s got, and I think he feels like he has to hang on to it, even when it’s not really what he wants.”
Dean hesitates.
how wet is ‘wet enough for Dean,’ cold water and pink chrysanthemums be damned.
“And when Charlotte distributed Anna’s prints around her monthly ladies’ meeting, the head councilman’s wife took copies for her husband to give to the rest of them!”
It’s a damn good thing Sam’s off-limits and not interested, besides. He’d make Cas a fucking
So Dean waited outside. And waited. He waited the rest of the night, and all day, hassling the desk even though they told him Cas was probably gonna be okay, should wake up any time, and Dean was determined to be there for that, since he couldn’t — since he hadn’t been—
Which, really — that settles it. Cas clenches his fists, watching Dean unlace his boots, and steels himself.
Dean — Dean moved out
Cas is quiet for a long time, and they lie there, still, just breathing.
Still, it
There’s a stunned sort of silence.
“Anna . . .” Cas looks at her, afraid. “What happened?”
“Well,” he says in a small voice. “Alphas often bed omegas they aren’t in love with.”
Bela’s brows go up.
“Yeah, you should. John just doesn’t understand a damn thing. But I’ll figure it out, and you’ll be seein’ Sam soon enough, alright?”
“Yeah – love you, Cas,” he murmurs, licking at Cas’s lips, and Cas swallows a soft sound, his stomach flipping. It’s pathetic, the effect that has on him, but even if nothing else is real, even if Dean doesn’t really want any of it,
Cas frowns at him.
“Which had
“Gee, I don’t know, maybe because they sent him to the dungeons for three weeks? And they could have done even worse, if they’d felt like it.”
“You totally are, and worse, you’re taking somebody else down with you.”
Cas frowns.
“Dean — what—“
and now here they fucking are.
Well, none of it’s ideal.
In the back seat, Sam looks on, mysteriously pleased with the whole thing.
. He was expecting Cas to
“Since you’re here at the bathroom,
Dean.”
“Told you,” Dean says, grinning. Pamela might have gone to a bunch of fancy classes and been trained to stare into people’s souls and coax them into prostrating themselves before her, guts overflowing, but she will never understand Cas better than Dean does.
With a huff, he slumps in his chair, restless and desperate to chase away the fury and anxiety swarming beneath his skin.
“Damn right we will.”
being his fault, and
“Of course,” he manages, and how could Cas possibly think he’d
Bobby looked like he was done, though, so Dean cleared his throat.
“You sure? You seem . . . fidgety.”
Suddenly rather tired, though still feeling it very urgent that he see where Cas is at
Unfortunately, Jo low-key brandished her butterfly knife at him again, tonight, and in tandem with Cas’s aversion to yelling, he doesn’t dare do anything untoward in the parking lot of her mother’s bar.
He can’t possibly be serious, can he? He’s mocking Cas right now, because Cas was presumptuous and asked about future luxuries — isn’t he?
Gunner Lawless or just fuck him.”
Once Dean’s finished eating and Pamela’s made him wash his hands, she tasks him with bringing the samples over, which he does with a suspicious lack of complaint.
? As a
“Thank you, Ellen.”
on fucking cyclists-”
There’s a frustrating exchange of glances.
“Are you going to eat with me?”
Of course, that leaves his shirt, which — well. Dean took off his, so Cas expects it’s mandatory, but he’s a little worried about it.
“Hey there, Cas.”
“Blue.”
“Dean,” Cas pants, scrambling to keep himself upright against the door, grip tight on Dean’s shoulders, and Dean helpfully pushes forward, slotting a thigh between Cas’s as he presses in chest-to-chest with him, mouth skimming greedily over his faintly prickly jaw. “Yes — Dean — can we — I want—"
He stares, speechless.
Dean scrutinizes him for a second. He doesn’t look as happy as Cas, which dampens his mood a little, but that’s fine.
The truth is, he’s pretty sure the cartoon is the least of what Cas needs right now.
“We could at least go inside to cuddle,” he suggests.
“What? No, of course not. Besides, if anything – I owe you, right? Hell, if you wanted
“Because that’s really not that weird, Cassie.”
It takes effort, but Dean manages not to facepalm.
She raises a brow.
The thing is, as much as Dean might have complained to Charlie, and as much as he might have told some very elaborate lies to Cas, he
He makes short work of his teeth, does the kind of halfhearted facewash Mom would silently raise her brow at, and then he flicks off the light and feels his way back to bed, a little anxious to get back inside it, like the longer he stays away, the less likely he is to end up back where he was before Cas got up in the first place.
with him, too. Dean reads with him and plays with him and eats with him and bathes with him and trains with him and
“Mr. Wilkins, go have the message sent! We’ll head to the tavern and see you there!”
club! What the hell kind of school do you think we go to? Shit, though, it sounds amazing. I’d join the hell out of that club.”
And then he looks away.
Cas, I was careful. And no, I don’t think we should risk ordering a bunch of stuff, but this is kind of a necessity.”
Her lips twitch, though she still looks uneasy.
“Then — why did you say ‘yes’ at all?”
“Hmm? Sorry. Sleep.”
“Yes. We are.” He clears his throat. “I was thinking about that today, actually. I went to see Ellen, and she, um, she told me I had ‘pining sickness.’”
“The point is,” she continues, some tired, despairing quality to her voice. “You couldn’t ask people to choose, when it comes to things like this, even if it were possible. A choice where all your options are unthinkable isn’t a choice. But however things turn out — you can be grateful for the chances you still have. And I am grateful for a chance to understand you better. To get to see you happy. To not live with the regret that I didn’t try hard enough at both.” She pauses. “And while I miss your brother desperately — while I would give my own life if it meant he could have his back — that is the extent of my selflessness. I would not give you.”
, how grateful Dean is for that.
And — well, she kinda thought Mr. W didn’t mind her so much. Like, she’s pretty sure she’s his favorite student, even though it’s not like he hates all his other ones, and she just assumed that he liked her as a person, and maybe even a friend, too.
He assumed Dean knew that, and maybe he does, maybe it’s honestly just a joke, but-
“It’s just a pillowcase. I’ll throw it in the closet,” he informs her, resolute. Besides, unless Cas has completely forgotten one of the only things he’s ever been good at, Dean should be too distracted to notice anything amiss.
And then Dean takes a hand off his hip, only to wrap it around Cas’s cock and start stroking, and that’s all she wrote.
His stomach drops.
Cas tries to shrug it off, to ignore the strange glowy feeling under his skin, recognizable as the same feeling that drove him to absurd and dubious lengths as an adolescent in an effort to make Dean happy.
It takes a few months to agree on — “Because Michael is an incomparable fusspot,” Anna writes — and then it takes a while to implement, because Lawrence and Eden intend to take the capital.
Cas’s chest still feels somewhat pinched and uncomfortable, mind drifting into disarray as it turns over the conundrum, but then he’ll catch Dean’s eye or feel a casual touch at his head or hands or a variety of other parts increasingly on the verge of annex by Dean’s domain, and just like that, the muddle will soothe.
Dean lifts his brows. He shouldn’t ask, but—
“Yeah. Yeah, I really think I would.”
“Yeah. Thanks. I – I’m glad. That we’re best friends. That you came to Lawrence.” Dean stills, wincing. “Not – I’m not glad about all the shitty parts, but I mean-”
“Is that all?” she asks, dry. “Well, I’d start by telling him to ask his
Cas’s eyes sting.
“I was already gone.” Cas swallows. “Without that — you would only have let me go when they were likely to want me gone, anyway.”
“We’re gonna wake him up,” he whispers, carefully extricating himself so he’s balanced against the back of the sofa to keep from falling. Cas makes an unhappy noise, but curls into the space left behind. “C’mon.”
Dean squints.
“Speakin’ of Sam,” Dean starts, once she’s gone. “I was gonna go see him next month.”
“Dean,” he said, strangely numb as he squinted up at him. “What are you doing?”
Once again, he thinks he sees Dean pout a little, but then he’s smiling again, albeit reluctantly, and Cas feels about a hundred stories tall.
“Alright.”
Saying goodbye to Cas isn’t quite as hard as it was the last two times, but it’s still not easy.
you all matter — very much — I just — I
He can’t help the bark of laughter that follows.
in love with Dean. He has no idea how or why such a feeling developed, and he couldn’t even begin to know how to make it stop.
“You know. He’s not — he’s oblivious. There’s, uh. More risk, I think.”
now her concerns are twofold
“Yeah, of course. I’m, uh — very interested.”
Cas is already screwed.
“Wouldn’t want it any other way,” Dean murmurs, and so—
And hell, Cas probably isn’t even really in love with him. Dean is just — he’s always been there, always been the closest family Cas had when his actual family treated him like less than nothing, and it only makes sense that Cas would get confused. Dean is the one who heard, “I’m yours,” and ran with that, even though nothing really changed and they didn’t even talk about how this was gonna work.
Cas startles awake with a grunt, blinking blearily at the abominably bright light streaming in through the crack in the flap. There’s already the sound of retreating footsteps, and Cas is incredibly vexed that someone had the nerve to disrupt his sleep when they apparently had no reason.
“It was.”
“No!” Dean sputters. That’s — that’s
Dean hisses, shoulders drawing up, but still, Cas can’t bring himself to let go.
She simply smiles in response.
Dean hesitates.
What he wants after that, he’s not sure.
“Oh. That would be good, wouldn’t it?”
Cas goes back and forth inside his head, desperately searching for the truth in it all — and he hates how hopeful he’s becoming.
“That could happen,” he says, green eyes intent. “But Cas — this doesn’t feel like the honeymoon stage. This feels like — the life I want. I want to work and come home to you, and I want to hang out with you, and I want to go out with you sometimes, and I want to go to bed with you every night. There’s nothing — over-the-top or spectacular about what we’re doing, here. We’re just . . . being together.”
After twenty minutes, there’s no more circling and watching, just a constant dance of movement, a chorus of steel against steel, and Dean is very aware that he might actually
Almost like he can sense Dean’s thoughts, Cas looks away, taking a sip of his water.
“—even though he also gets to be more of an asshole.”
“I’m fine. I’d like to brush my teeth, though.”
Dean is just — so very beautiful, and Cas has begun to think the novels
Cas is — he’s doing everything he possibly can to hold on to her — to be
There’s the haunting groan of twisting metal and Dean’s whole world goes dark.
Of course, Pamela’s hardly psychic, so maybe it isn’t reasonable to hold her responsible, at all. Maybe it’s not even reasonable to suggest Dean shouldn’t have paid him that compliment, or that Cas shouldn’t have asked Dean to put his on first, startled by just how compelling the sight turned out to be. Maybe it’s perfectly understandable that Cas then shyly divested himself of his trousers, allowing Dean to admire the buttery lemon pair he’d glimpsed earlier before slowly sliding them off and reaching for another, movements growing bolder with every new pair, Dean sitting with his fists clenched on the bed and watching Cas with eyes one might almost describe as
“Can I get a glass of milk?” Dean asks, wincing as his voice squeaks on ‘glass’ and Cas turns to frown at his plate, thoughtful. Pamela has already bustled away, Dean determinedly tucking into his burger, before Cas manages to reorient himself.
Charlie fixes him with the stink-eye.
“Yep. Uh. Talk to you in a bit, I guess.”
“Did you use it?” he blurts out, then promptly realizes his mistake. “I mean, how was it?” He shuts his eyes. “I
“Alright, then,” Cas says, sounding
Cas squints, and Dean abruptly draws his hand back down, callouses distinguishable even through the slippery oil, and Cas groans.
“What did I do wrong?” he finally asks, and Dean gives him a startled look.
But what he can say?
being a giant dickweed, but you didn’t care. And Cas could tell.”
Cas sighs. It
“Of course, man. Whatever you need, I’m here.”
Dean shrugs, thumbs still stroking over him.
“What?”
“I didn’t,” Cas assures her, glad to hear this was actually a very reasonable thing, and for some reason, she stumbles.
“Do you know what a, uh, a ‘cycle attendant’ is?”
As soon as the council finds out you’re in heat, they’ll make me — you know!”
Dean frowns, twisting around to look at him.
“Smarmy British guy?”
“Well, you’re wrong. Dean and I understand each other very well. If I feel insecure, I have good reason to be. If Dean hurts me, it’s because whatever it is is important enough for him to do it anyway. Because you know what, Pamela? Dean asked me for an open relationship when I came back from New York — during which time, by the way, I’m pretty sure he fucked around with someone else. And I said yes, because what the fuck else was I going to say? And you can just
She looks startled.
Dean forgets to breathe for a second.
He hits send and waits.
“Hello,” he greets them, like Bobby and Ellen explained he was supposed to. “I am Prince Castiel of Lawrence. I welcome you on behalf of King John and the royal family.”
“Sure. So — are you worried about his sex drive?”
“Does it matter?” Once again, he feels his cheeks growing hot, and
Although — and Dean doesn’t want to examine this too closely — it’s seemed less strange since he found out she was
he does—" For some reason, she smacks his shoulder, scowling. “Are you
He’s so lonely that his memories of fear and discomfort are falling by the wayside, replaced by a longing for the days when he could cherish every new letter from Dean; for the days before Dean left, even, when they trained hard in the courtyard and then walked into dinner together, chatting about nothing. He thinks of Dean letting him sleep in his room when he was sick and drying his hair for him, of Dean assembling all his favorite foods at dinner, of Dean ruffling his hair and squeezing his shoulder, laughing at his awkward jokes and listening to him ramble on about his books. Of how even though Dean was probably going to do the fun, non-obligatory bedroom things with Pamela, he let Cas stay and catch up instead.
were here, wishes he could tell Dean how good it feels, wishes Dean would smile at him and press in close and put his teeth on Cas’s neck the way he usually did by this point, a maddening combination of sharp and gentle until Cas needs it otherwise, and when he did, when Dean’s scent deepened and his teeth finally bit down, hard enough to sting, just the way they did the last night, then at
“Well, how uncomfortable can it be?”
Dean zips up his backpack and then lets it rest on the chair, regarding Cas thoughtfully.
I thought we’d walk through town.”
Cas gives him a sharp look, and Dean makes a face.
So Dean slowly starts kneading, careful not to put too much of his weight into it, and a few seconds later, Cas huffs, shifting impatiently.
“And just the other day, Sam was telling me they get mated as young as they can in New Eden. Cas is in his twenties, at least, possibly older. So we’re supposed to believe that a guy who looks like
On the one hand, he’s trying to be as supportive of Cas as possible, and for all he knows, Cas’ll be pining for Sam even
Eventually, he opens the door, still in shock as he shuffles inside.
Tara perks up.
Dean winces. He’d had a late shift, which he’d warned Cas about, but they brought the girl in just before he was meant to clock out, and he’s hours late, by now.
As the silence grows, Dean starts kicking himself. Like, shit, that was inappropriate, wasn’t it? Three hours ago, Cas was telling him how his brother had died and how hard it was to take care of his niece, and now that he thinks about it, the date thing was probably pushing it already. He should have waited, and called, but instead he freaked out about things changing and maybe losing his shot and
would get out of it?”
After a moment, Cas starts to move, and Dean relaxes his throat, fighting the urge to gag as he feels Cas hitting the back of it, the tip just slipping down.
“Yeah. So I have to talk to Alex and Anna about the bookkeeping and management and stuff, and see what information they have on people who’ve moved on from the house — things like that — and, uh. We determined I’ll probably need to keep visiting in order to get a really good feel for how things are run, and what we should do in other places.”
“But it was good. I mean, not good, but — I’m good. On that front.”
“Look, man, what was I
“I don’t know,” he grumbles. “I’m still — I’m trying to figure it out. For now, though, Dean needs me, and I just — I want to make sure I do it right.”
He freezes.
Sam can say Cas is coming back, but Cas leaving for some indeterminate length of time kind of makes Dean feel like things will
“451Games,” he answers, and glances sheepishly at the table. “I don’t really know much about video games, to be honest, but they said it didn’t matter as much for my department.”
him, an intoxicating blend of heat and slick and unsated desire, Dean’s own arousal burning hot, and had to stand there and listen to Cas beg.
Her lips quirk slightly.
He regrets it as soon as he says it – especially in light of the whole possibly-having-sex-with-Cas-without-his-knowledge-thing, not to mention all the rough stuff – but Cas makes a choked sound, going rigid on top of him.
“Sure. See you in a few.”
“The pillow doesn’t really fix that problem,” he manages, and Cas pauses, sniffing at his neck.
“Something you want?” he finally asks, and Cas’s eyes fly to his, startled.
“I’m teasing, Cas. But seriously — let me do this.”
“You shouldn’t worry. I’m sure if it’s meant to be, it will be.”
“What?”
“Yeah?”
So Dean drinks. He tells Sam to go on a date because he’s got a shitton of lesson prep to do, and once the door is shut and the house is quiet, Dean drinks and he thinks and he drinks some more, and eventually he relearns that alcohol does nothing to help you sort out your messy head, just leaves it more of a tragic, hysterical muddle than it began.
“You okay, buddy?”
” he mumbles meaningfully, staring up at the ceiling.
Cas tries to convince him in the fantasy, riding him for all he’s worth on the lumpy, narrow cot in the cell.
“That was fast,” he says abruptly, and
It’s okay to pretend.
All his anger vanishes, like it was never even there.
Cas stills.
relationships, so how is he supposed to figure out what he’s doing wrong now, when he can’t even convince a guy who was literally rendered speechless by the sight of him to stay out past ten for
“What the fuck?” Tracy asks pleasantly, and Meg holds up a hand.
Dean just makes a choked noise, thrusting back against him, and while there’s a definite sting, Cas’s body tensing briefly as he sinks in, he’s more preoccupied with the satisfaction of the
Dean snorts, though the anxiousness is still there, an itch beneath his skin.
“You do. As long as you want to.”
That gives Cas pause, but then he straightens up, gaze firm.
“Real familiar with that, are y—”
Sam just sort of looks at him for a moment.
Sam has the grace to look apologetic.
He’d gotten rid of the stupid suits and ties around the same time he’d gotten rid of his virginity, and he hasn’t looked back since.
“Yes, well. The Princes Winchester have their own reputations; I don’t know that I’m more afraid of my Queen than I am of them.”
he would never be so bold in real life, he’s sure.)
have outgrown that by now.”
“Well, nobody’s always in the mood.”
Cas sucks in a breath, hips jerking up, and Dean’s length slips against his own before Dean wraps a hand around them both and if Cas hadn’t already come this morning, he thinks that would do it.
“But you told them everything else.”
“Fine.”
To be clear, that is not in any way a negative judgment of the work; this is strictly a question of suitable age range (and as far as I know, milk & honey wasn’t written for young adolescents, ergo, it doesn’t need to be suitable for them). The intent is just to show some of Claire’s struggle, navigating her particular situation, and more broadly, her struggle just being a kid (many will remember that frustration of being interested in certain things or wanting to explore, and encountering barriers on the grounds that they were not yet mature enough).
“It’s alright if I can’t stay all the time,” he finally says, though a part of him resents that he has to. “Don’t push them.”
to get there. And if they didn’t, if things ended the way all of Dean’s relationships seemed to, then whatever, right? It’s
Which, while totally true, is also really freaking embarrassing for Dean, because while Cas didn’t make a big deal out of it at the time (on account of being busy feeling like shit because his parents were terrible people who apparently couldn’t be bothered to properly love their own son), he’s bound to remember it later. At which point he’ll think,
“That is not worse.”
“Don’t want to, but apparently I have to.” John sits back, fixing him with a tired, unhappy look. “The King of Eden visited for the fifth year celebration. He wasn’t happy you weren’t here.”
All Cas can do is stare, a little taken aback as red-rimmed eyes lift to meet his.
“I’d like that.” Cas sort of smiles, clasping his hands together in his lap. “She, uh, she promised she’d write again soon, so there should be more.”
then we maybe want to go home
“Okay.” He swallows. “Okay, well — she should. You’re pretty great.”
Reluctant — and honestly, a little angry — Dean scrabbles for the ends of reason and forces himself to step back.
“Okay. I’ll be here when you’re done.”
“I do,” Cas says quickly, and Dean nods.
“Oh. No, I — I only meant — I meant before the last time.” In fact, while Cas remembers periods of time wherein Dean was ‘busy’ for a few days, he doesn’t remember anyone telling him when Dean had been in rut. “That that was the reason. And then after — the — the other thing. Was the reason.”
was born. It’s not like he’s behind.”
Cas’s expression does something tense and funny, at that, but then it smoothes out and he shrugs, looking off to the side.
“When I say I was upset, I — sometimes even I have trouble understanding how I feel. I know I don’t express it, but that’s because I just — I don’t know how. But I was worried, and — sad, and afraid. Dean — this matters a lot, to me. More than anything.”
Dean doesn’t have to ask why Cas doesn’t.
does everybody but Dean know about Cas’s goddamn name?
When lunchtime rolls around, Cas is immensely relieved to see Sam come striding onto the field.
Dean’s a fucking moron.
? Dead people don’t talk. Cas says they write them off as flu cases or accidents.”
“I don’t think Pamela has all day,” Cas points out, and Dean sighs.
“Oh. You mean — ‘bout Diana going into town to hire company so she wouldn’t get too rough with Ariel?”
Cas, for his part, generally avoids thinking of penises at all.
It’s like it’s all he can think about.
“Will do, sheriff,” she mumbles.
“I’m not
Dean pulls back, kissing him.
you? Be here later?”
Probably. Nonetheless, on that rainy Thursday afternoon, Dean took Castiel home for the first time and hoped for the best.
“Yes. It’s — it’s nice. I’m enjoying myself very much, Dean,” he explains earnestly, “Because — it’s so
But the thing is, Dean’s not really sure that’s what’s best for her, at this point, and even if he was, he can’t really let
Cas swallows.
and hang out with
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean continues to look at him, unimpressed.
Dean is unaware of all of this, and certainly doesn’t appreciate it, but Cas can’t explain and he doesn’t know how to say ‘sorry,’ because that’s something they both unlearned years ago.
Cas huffs.
Cas shakes his head, going a little cross-eyed as he tries to keep looking at Dean, and Dean’s grin widens.
For a moment, Dean’s confused – he’s not the world’s greatest dancer, or anything, but he’s decent, and he likes it okay, too – but then he remembers that it’s been a while since Cas attended a party with him, and that when he does, Dean’s a
“So soon?”
“Any time,” he says easily, and shakes his head as she ducks into the hall without another word. Being a kid is rough, and it doesn’t take a genius to see that Claire’s not half as tough as she wants her too-big leather jacket to make you think. Even if it did, Dean knows that move pretty well, given that he used it himself.
“You have questions for me,” he says eventually, and she shrugs.
pissed about this, has been since Cas shut the door behind him for the last time.
in order to doubt that, because people who want you dead don’t kiss you like that and then clutch at your shoulders and ask you to let them see their children once you banish them from the goddamn city — then not only does Dean owe him an apology for the other night, he owes him an apology for all the ones before it.
Dean just clutches his waist and kisses back, evidently unquestioning, because apparently Cas can say and do
The carriage has undergone a quick cleaning by the time Cas has changed his clothes and returned to it, but this time, Dean climbs in with him.
Cas does his best to disregard his mounting heart rate, lifting a brow in question, and Dean smiles at him.
“You haven’t told him yet.”
, just like he should have put a stop to this entire thing weeks ago, but he lets the arm stay until it reluctantly falls away when they get to a booth.
Dean sits up so fast his book practically launches out of his lap.
Dean frowns, looking increasingly troubled.
Cas beams, heading for the mirror.
“I’ll take you, then, if you want, but — he
“Okay. What else?”
really, really want him to marry you.”
Cas sort of wants to cry.
“I’ll come tell you, as soon as I know.”
Fortunately, Cas doesn’t have to worry about parking, having turned the car over at the rental place in town and taken a shuttle, but nor is he sure he’ll be staying. Steeling himself, he walks up the path to the warmly lit porch, and after a brief staring contest with the glittering wreath on the sunny yellow front door, he rings the bell.
“Oh. Well, I certainly won’t complain.”
He opens the cupboard, reaching for a plate.
But he’s not ready to hear it.
“Miss Talbot,” he finally says. “Like the Talbot Woods in Edgewater?”
about it.
Something in Dean relaxes.
It hangs in the air one long, fraught moment, and he hears Dean take a breath to speak.
“Yes. Let me get my jacket.”
Everything Dean has told him to date suggests that Dean is bound by the will of others; Cas can’t imagine what he thinks he can do.
“I — you can’t possibly expect me to bathe every night.”
He risks a glance sideways, just to be sure. Dean’s face is open, vaguely apologetic, and though he’s still naked but for his boxer-briefs, Cas relents. It’s unfair to punish Dean just because
Cas is
“Are your nipples sensitive?” he blurts out, and Cas freezes, panting against him.
Dean starts to get up.
the view of the river is simply a pleasant companion to his thoughts.)
“Alright.” Cas thinks. Honestly, the best example, the times Cas feels it most keenly, this huge disparity between how much they each care, would be — “Dean, when he’s angry — he shuts me out. He can just — cut me off, and he’s fine. And, as I said, it’s always been this way.”
Benny looks unimpressed.
Swallowing the bite, Sam sets the rest of it down, cautiously turning to Cas.
Cas gulps.
Cas hears Sam retreat, and then Dean is climbing out of bed.
Cas nods, turning back away, and Dean tries very, very hard not to follow the path of his hand as it moves between his legs.
have.”
“I give myself orgasms, sometimes, right after I wake.”
throat, but then again, he’s probably just being considerate. No doubt up close, he can
“It’s not supposed to be realistic,” Cas insists hotly, a little puzzled by the rush of embarrassment hitting him. He assumed he’d be immune, given that he has no real interest in pretending to be a vehicle, even one getting fucked by Dean, but . . . “It’s just — it’d be for fun.”
“I forgot. I just — I just had to find her.”
still trying to play the martyr, though, so maybe he hasn’t completely lost it, but Dean’s pretty sure if he keeps goading him, he’ll get there.
can’t be right.
“He has Claire to worry about,” Dean reminds her, although the idea of Cas enduring hardship still sits ugly on consideration.
“Yes,” is all he says. “Actually, I wonder if I could-”
and seeing it hanging in Dean’s room pleases Cas more than he ever would have expected.
“No,” he lies. “Why would it?” Which is a very good question, one Cas will have to think about and answer later, without an audience.
“Makes sense,” he mumbles. “It’s up to you, then. You guys can just — eat lunch, too, if you don’t, uh. If you don’t want anything.”
which shocks Cas. Dean clarifies that he can’t make any promises, but Cas just tells him that riding him felt good, and he’d like to be on top of Dean  another time, but that for now, he’d like to be on his back again and have Dean do one of the things he just said. Dean complies.
“I — it didn’t get that far, since I didn’t want — I just wanted her to
“Right? Man, I hate when that happens.”
“—am your
And yeah, John looked mad, but mostly he just looked — he looked
Weed mellows any unwanted pangs Cas might feel, hearing the telltale sound of someone climbing the ladder, and mostly Cas just feels
Dean doesn’t know how this visit is going to go, if he’s going to give Cas closure and leave him to admire the bouquet of pink chrysanthemums, eagerly awaiting the day the Northern kid comes bearing red ones, if Dean’s going to end up sleeping with Cas’s hastily drawn festival portrait for the rest of his lonely goddamn life, but for right now, he doesn’t want to worry about it.
“Uh.” Dean hesitates, flinching as the button pops free and the zipper makes a soft sound as Cas guides it down. “I — yesterday morning.”
“That’s all I want. I want to help people.”
Cas is criss-cross on the bed when Dean comes back into the room, watching the doorway with dark eyes, and he straightens up when Dean reappears.
“Valencia would like that,” Cas points out, and for some reason Sam looks startled. “She’ll probably help you. She was disappointed when she caught me on my way to the kitchen and I told her we didn’t have to sneak.”
“They just — can’t accept it. And they found out I was with —"
“—calls me and says, ‘Dean got his ass dumped by a major ass, come on down and see if there’s another ass doll nested in this story.’”
Anna reemerges, candle in hand.
“Oh. Like . . . just — just because?”
him!”
“So,” she whispers. “Dean Winchester.”
And then, before he can think better of it—
Cas would rather be with
“I . . . what?”
“Well — no —”
The lights are already on when he gets to their floor, which he supposes makes sense if Becky was up here working beforehand, and he heads to her office. She said the notes should already be up on the screen, and all he has to do is hit
Dean slants him an unimpressed look.
“Right, right, but – I’m just saying. We just did legs again, I don’t want you to slip and fall when I could just give you a hand once you’re done showering.”
Just enough light comes through the tablecloth for Cas to see Dean, shifting uncomfortably in his seat.
a ‘little kid,’ I ask you to respect that, and trust me.”
Cas hasn’t been able to wear it
Cas frowns.
Valencia looks thoughtful.
So Dean turns the toy on high and finishes him much more quickly than Cas originally intended, but Cas doesn’t mind.
Cas hesitates, then shakes his head.
“Well — you never know,” Cas points out, and Dean looks offended.
For that, Dean would lie down and pretend to be a mattress any day.
“Which is another thing,” Dean interrupts, because if George finishes that sentence, he might have to punch him, and as nice as that would feel, it’ll cause more problems than it solves. “Supporting themselves shouldn’t even be a factor. People should never
“Promise,” he says. “Perhaps it’s useless, but — promise me, anyway. That you’ll listen to me. And — you’ll believe me.”
“Hello, Dean,” he finally says, shoulders drooping, and in spite of the dire gloom that currently permeates the air, a little spark of happiness lights up his brain at the familiar words.
“It wasn’t — it wasn’t
“How could you possibly know that?”
It goes like that the next few days; Cas can’t decide if it was a good idea or a bad idea to stay in here, after all. On the one hand, Dean’s scent is a great comfort, makes Cas feel safe and cozy ensconced in the blankets, and lulls him into much-needed naps and early bedtimes without Ellen’s tea even being a consideration.
!” he shouts, and though Anna flinches, she doesn’t look surprised.
“Still.”
“Uh.”
Dean withdraws after some too-short eternity of this torture, and Cas turns his face with a gasp, confused and distraught, though he understands Dean can’t be expected to do such a thing for any length of time.
“Not what I meant,” he interrupts, like he somehow expects Cas to know what he
“Maybe,” Dean mumbles, sliding his fingers back into Cas’s hair. “We’ll see.”
Anyway, Dean’s on his second cup, too keyed up to focus on the news and trying his luck with some cartoons – which are a hell of a lot more boring when Cas isn’t there watching with him – and he nearly throws himself over the sofa back when he hears the key in the lock.
“You’ll never know.”
Which says nothing about the rest of the time, does it? After all, Dean enjoys these kinds of activities outside of his cycle, and given that cycles are a negligible fraction of the time . . .
“Then why would you—”
– but then his suspiciously averted gaze lands on Cas’s laptop screen, where Amazon is pulled up, and he launches into a hysterical ten-minute lecture about limiting contact from the outside world and Cas forgets why he was ever turned on by this person in the first place.
“Dean,” Cas says, just to be contrary, and the doctor sniffs.
when it comes to a game of stubborn — and eventually, Cas sighs, shoulders slumping. He looks exhausted and disappointed, but there’s also something . . .
He wonders if this is part of being in love, but decides it doesn’t matter.
Anna perks up a little.
because he has the nerve to still be single and available for cruising.
It takes him a moment, and then he smiles a little, despite himself.
“Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that,” he says gently, mouth dry, though really, he’s telling himself.
Honestly, if Cas asked him to hold a fucking plank for half-an hour while he slithered underneath Dean like an art thief sneaking past a laser trap, or even a sexy, blowjob-giving snake, Dean would do it, no questions asked.
Dean frowns heavily, ready to point out, in the most offensive way he can manage, what a
The rest of the time, Cas hovers as much as possible, subjecting Dean to a lot of sad, longing looks that make him want to go out and buy a fucking ring, just to make it stop.
Dean’s pretty sure he just made
Has he somehow forgotten the last two days?
Still, Dean manages, gently setting Cas down on the bed, where he blinks up at Dean with a hazy smile.
One of the guys they brought in, from the vigilante case, is being released.
have options.”
And sure, he’s being a drama queen, but the idea of having to wait any longer seems like literal
with his feelings for you. It’s entirely plausible — probable, even — that he created those boundaries to protect himself.”
“Bela?” he clarifies, eyes adjusting to the darkness, and indeed, the silhouette looks familiar.
Cas doesn’t think twice, just elbows Dean in the ribs as soon as he has another bite lined up.
Sam sighs.
“That’s cheating, Cas,” he reprimands him, mock-disapproving. “You’re supposed to come without it.”
They actually aren’t, not really, but it hurt
Cas doesn’t talk to Dean while he gardens, and Dean never talks to him, but tonight, he has the strangest urge to tell him about his dress.
“Listen, you—" Dean abruptly stops, shaking his head. “Wait. Can we maybe — I don’t know, go inside? Or — more outside?”
Cas was practically in
Sam frowns.
A second later, Cas’s words sink in, and he lights up.
So, Cas — Cas has a
“Uh. That ain’t really-”
“Yes,” he whispers. “Yes, it — it feels very good. I know it shouldn’t, but—"
Cas’s expression goes tight, a peculiar grief in his eyes.
“Drinking lowers your immune system,” Dean says automatically, and there’s a long-suffering sigh.
Dean nods along for a moment, then stops.
And damn if that doesn’t just feel like a slap in the face, because Dean wants to take care of Cas, too, maybe even
She rolls her eyes.
No, he’s not going to think about a damn thing; he’s going to fucking
“I don’t think she’s weird. Just — very nice. I feel bad about my list, though.”
Cas tilts his head, mouth ghosting upward, landing on the sensitive skin of his throat.
“Never is, with you.” He pauses, a shadow blanketing the humor. “Unless you count your stupid thing with the bullying.”
Cas tilts his head, blue eyes warm.
On the other hand, Cas has never had nice clothes, and certainly not any he got to choose, so if this is what the kingdom of Winchester wants, he’s not going to object.
When Charlie comes back, she looks more worried than pissed, and she’s surprisingly gentle as she leads Dean to his tent and supervises him getting into the airbed.
“Yeah, well, Dad didn’t think so. He freaked the fuck out.”
“Hey, I don’t judge.” He sobers a little, taking a sip of his drink. “Cas and I — we met the first year of college, and just kinda — clicked, as friends, so we went ahead and roomed together when it came time. Worked fine for years, but one day my rut hit early, and his suppressants failed, and . . . yeah.”
(He cringes at his own phrasing.)
Dean sets his mug down next to the coffee pot, throwing a smile over his shoulder and hoping it comes out bland and friendly instead of like a set of teeth that want nothing more than to tear the shirt right off Cas’s back, here and now.
“Yeah, I probably won’t either. But you do need to drink some water.”
“Well,” Hester says, twisting her forkful of macaroni without putting it to her mouth. “Last weekend, Castiel said he would be playing games at a friend’s house, and there was a boy with him when he got home.”
She smirks.
Satisfied, MacMillan turns, nodding to one of his men.
he can visit
Cas gives him a sharp look.
Sam gives him another squeeze, hair blowing all over Dean’s face and itching at his nose, and then he releases him, beaming.
Dean pauses, deeply uncomfortable; Charlie is his best friend, outside of Sam and Cas. He tells her almost as much as he tells Sam and, for several years now, way more than he tells Cas. She’s known him since they were kids, is like a sister to him, and he trusts her with his life.
“Just — you seem so familiar. Like, I’d swear I recognized you from somewhere, but then, I’m sure I wouldn’t forget a face like yours.” He winks again, and though a part of Cas wants to say,
He really,
And it’s hard, lying about something like that, especially with Cas looking at him with all the intensity of a burning sun, openly admitting he
And then — a miracle happens.
the problem. Cas’s entire fucking problem, right now, the root of everything wrong with his future, is
Chapter warnings: cat propaganda (or I think it is, anyway; Fabulous Brat has just informed me it's only cat propaganda if you're already a cat person), reference to past Dean/Lisa, reference to unplanned pregnancy, please let me know if I missed anything.
“Do what?” he manages to ask, and Dean takes a deep breath, chest pushing up against Cas’s cheek.
And whatever wounded beast was apparently fueling his speech while Cas was in the room completely retreats back to whatever eerie brain-forest it crawled out of, because Dean just takes it in silence.
“Oh. Okay. Well — good.”
“Things they require for survival,” Cas points out, and she shrugs.
but instead found himself dry-eyed and even-tempered, laughing his way through a TV marathon next to Cas the week after. He assumed once classes got into full-swing and they both got busy, the shock would wear off and the loss would really hit him, but it didn’t. He and Cas went out without even getting too wasted and had fun, and then they stayed in a lot of nights and had fun, and somehow, despite the fact that he would have called Cassie his first love and he’d liked her more and dated her longer than any girl before,
“I — what’s Meg?”
“Awesome,” Dean says weakly. He’s more tired than nervous, at this point, but it doesn’t mean it isn’t still there.
“Uh. Sam. The — the date.”
“You should go ahead and bring it with you. Reading in the bath is the best.”
And then his brows lift, mouth falling open.
“Because you’re my best friend,” Dean adds hastily, heat rushing to his face. “That – that’s what a best friend
It’s just — there’s
him this morning. What the hell
“Oh, damn. What did I miss?”
“We’ve been stuck in here for a goddamn week, Dean. I’ll wait until it’s all clear, if you’re
have punctuated by backing Dean against a tree and kissing him like he did the night of the festival, like it was the only thing in the world he wanted to do.
“Are you suggesting Dean
Dean falls back against his pillows, shame and dread a dance of spinning teacups in his gut.
Sam looks taken aback.
Dean is going to hell.
for you. I couldn’t believe I’d been that wrong, and I was waiting for you to come tell me I wasn’t.”
“God, no, like I would marry him. Can you imagine, buddy?”
He fled the room when it was his turn.
This conversation may actually be killing Dean.
Dean perks up.
“You’d better—”
you idiot!
“Thank you,” he blurts out, and she arches a brow. “For what you did. I didn’t understand, at the time, and you could have pressed the issue — I know, above anything, you are loyal to Eden — but you didn’t, and I am grateful.”
They wander in silence for a while, April trailing after him while he stops to examine anything that catches his eye. He’s touching a cluster of bright pink blooms, drooping over the sides of a hanging pot next to one of the walls, when she speaks.
“Don’t think what’s normal, kiddo?”
“Well, I think — I’m pretty sure we can get him to come with us next time.”
— and Dean swallows a sudden lump in his throat.
? From a handsome prince who’s madly in love with him? Whatever will you do
have,” Cas growled, and Dean believed it.
Cas lifts his hands.
Cas perks up a little. Right now, he keeps all his letters from Dean and Anna there, but he likes the idea of it as some sort of small treasure box.
“A volunteer.”
“You can try and stop me?” he offers, ever the realist.
“Your pillow left a mark,” Cas explains, and Dean cracks a smile.
** SPOILERS **
Dean laughs weakly.
“You did
And that — that doesn’t make a lick of goddamn sense.
“Any particular reason you’re asking?”
And a part of him is hoping that perhaps, when Dean leaves, his brain will finally resolve whatever confusing puzzle it’s currently working through.
However—
“Yeah . . . it’s
Dean clears his throat, tears still slipping down his cheeks, despite his best efforts.
Cas squints.
“You would have done the same! Everybody did. Except Sam and Val — or, well, I guess just Sam now, since Val found out while she was in town last week and she wanted in, but come
-----------
To Dean’s intense, full-body relief, Cas lights right back up.
“Oh. Uh. Will I need to get dressed . . .?”
“Yep. And you wanna know the worst part?” Dean asks, pausing to lean in close, eyes serious.
Max giggles into her tea, a little bit of it sloshing dangerously close to the edge, and Cas scowls.
“Just – bumps. Like you said, he knew what I was about, at first, and then I kept accidentally being a dick since, you know, I actually hate him.”
It’s clearly meant to mock, and he narrows his eyes.
boundaries, and then using it as a talking point?”
“Stand, Castiel,” she instructs, and he obeys, only to have a dress thrust into his arms.
when he thought Dean was going to leave him behind and go to his parents. He knows, and he’s rightfully upset at being taken advantage of, and even though he wanted coffee first, he’s going to go back to his room and pack his bags and-
“That’s good.” Pamela nods. “That’s important. But what about you? Like you said, you came from the same household. Did you ever have a desire to go looking for that?”
Anyway, she appreciates it. This could have been a lot more embarrassing for her, otherwise.
“Actually, we’re gonna go stay with him.”
“Thank you.”
like old times, and Dean doubts he’ll ever get used to it; and since
two weeks ago.
“Jealous?” Cas echoes faintly.
“No, no, it’s fine. I just — anyways.” She clears her throat, and he resists the urge to press the cool glass of punch to his burning cheeks. “Honestly? No.”
“That was all reasonably familiar to me.”
Dean pauses mid-sip, then swallows.
Cas huffs a laugh, and Dean’s eyes twinkle as he lowers himself forward, dropping a kiss to Cas’s jaw and moving down, mouth sweet as it smoothes across his throat and shoulder before ultimately brushing over his chest, towards an unsurprising but nonetheless thrilling destination.
Cas scrambled to unlock it and pull it open.
“Mm.” Dean studies him, still not liking the traces of tension he finds. “What happened?”
There’s a flicker of amusement.
because that would mean Dean’s an even worse person than he thought.
anything about it.
“What, you tired of me already?” he jokes, and Cas pauses as he reaches for a biscuit, a frown on his face.
“Really.”
“Uh. On what?”
“Tighten your line,” Cas offers, pulling himself up again.
“Castiel,” he intones, and then there’s movement behind him. Dean straightens, trying and failing not to hold his breath because
“From who?”
“I have no idea,” he says. “I guess we’ll see.”
“Any time,” Dean replies automatically, and Cas lifts his brows.
“Good — ready,” he gasps, and it’s true; as much as he might want this to last for some small, stolen eternity, ‘not enough’ is quickly becoming the bulk of the feeling and more than anything, right now, Cas just wants to be close to Dean, and this is the best way he can think to do it.
Her glare is positively
“Never,” he swears. “I don’t think I could.”
“I — alright, that — that is unfortunate, but — couldn’t it just be washed?”
he’d thought. There weren’t supposed to be awkward conversations.
book on unicorns there is, and I’m
“Alright. Good night, Anna.”
But why the deception?
“Son of a
wants to spend more time on those things, since he never had the opportunity to do it before now, it would just be shitty of Dean to deny him, right?
Dean opens his arms, and Cas practically falls into them, breathing rough.
“Right.” At last, Cas forces himself to look away, carefully keeping his back from Dean’s view as he approaches the tub and gingerly steps into it, slowly sinking into the hot, sweetly-scented water.
“Does not,” he mutters.
“Right,” Cas says slowly. “That’s . . . true. Just – I was just thinking that that might have seemed, um, gross, to you.”
ready to marry him, ready to give up everything and run away with him, so long as that’s what Cas wanted, too.
“Well, yes, though that is actually the
“Are we going to bathe at the same time?” he asks, and Dean jerks, glancing up as the last bit of water drains out.
I am happy to accept that.”
instead of going out and sowing his wild oats, because there’s only one possible explanation, and now that Dean knows what a fucking shitbag Balthazar was, he’s seeing it.
Dean just wants attention from hot cheerleaders.
The man on the step is of a height with Cas, the lines of his face deep and unkind, his skin ruddy with anger. He stumbles back when Cas steps out, fists falling in his surprise as he retreats a step, and Cas calmly meets his gaze.
There’s a giddy little frisson of warmth at that, and Dean coughs into his free hand.
“Alright, well, they’re probably in love.”
“Um. Not a lot. It was . . . boring. I sparred with the others, and I read a lot.”
He feels so confused tonight — except not just tonight; all the time, lately. It’s because he doesn’t understand things, he supposes, and there’s been a lot more
“But — if he’s said he doesn’t want that, isn’t it possible he meant it?”
“Cas?” Anna asks gently, and like it’s someone else’s body, he sees her reach out to put a hand on his back. “Are you—"
But that’s not something he’s ever really worked out in his own head, and it feels way too personal to talk about with Cas sitting right there.
because
him here. It’s basically a Christmas miracle, and he shouldn’t ask for more.
Dean huffs against his mouth.
“Right,” he says faintly, and Dean smiles uncertainly, fingers carding through his hair a little.
happened to Cas’s arm?
“It does have a very strong smell,” Cas acknowledges, embarrassed, but forces himself to press on. “But — if you really intend to — to put your mouth there,” he makes himself say, “You’re going to — taste it.”
“I don’t imagine I’ll still be here to see that happen,” Cas says bluntly, but Dean doesn’t take the bait. Cas’ll probably be in a dungeon, by the time any trees he plants reach maturity.
“’M sure you don’t,” he manages, and damn it, Sam was always better at holding his breath than Dean. He should’ve gone swimming more.
Cas recoils, making a face.
“Okay.” She settles back against the cushions, looking relieved, and gives the air a sniff. “I think the waffles are gonna be ready soon.”
make someone a good mate.”
Cas swallows, Adam’s apple bobbing visibly and fingers curling in the sheets beneath him, and then he nods.
“Oh, no. The more the merrier, as they say. Right, everyone?” she chirps. Down the line, the blonde snorts, shaking her head.
And even if it does, does Dean even
sorry, your highness, but in my defense—”
Cas lifts a shoulder.
“Sorry. It’s just,” he sniffs, and yeah, those are definitely tears, Jesus
At that thought, a spark of hope flares in his chest.
At last, Cas closes his eyes.
“My wedding night?”
and feeling like you can’t trust them. That — you shouldn’t have had to find that out. Not like this. And if I had insisted on following Hess and Toni here, Bela could’ve just told
Cas nibbles at his sandwich, watching them with great interest, and for some reason, he can’t quite hold back a smile.
“Ah. That makes sense. You know, since she’s . . . not.”
If Dean somehow knows.
– you also get to watch me fuck myself on your cock until we both come.”
Cas shrugs slightly, and Dean’s grip on his hand tightens.
Cas sighed, but made no effort to escape, and Dean thought, in that moment, that he kind of loved Cas, period.
“You know. That I won’t. And that the, uh, the drive into town earlier was so short.”
On the third day, Jo joins him for breakfast, frowning at the cloth bag on the nightstand.
Dean quickly nods.
Now (unfortunately) is not the time.
Dean makes a retching gesture and focuses his attention on Cas’s empty plate.
“I won’t if she won’t.”
“Uh.” Anna’s going to kill him, probably, but since he can’t really think of a good excuse to send his mother away when they’re already entertaining guests she’s close with— “Yes, of course. Although — I think Anna’s just about to put a chocolate cake in the oven.”
In addition to being the worst rut of his life, this has been the worst rut
(Honestly, it just tastes
“What if he decides to leave early?” Dean points out, and is pleased to find that his knee-jerk argument is actually valid.
Dean stares dumbly for a few more seconds, then swallows and wets his lips.
“We were telling Castiel how to be intimate with the prince.”
Cas, as always, didn’t really want to, but high school was ending and though he knew he would be rooming with Dean in the fall, there was no guarantee how often he’d see any of their other friends. People said things changed, in college.
playing along?
“You heard th—I mean. I forgot. Sorry. Habit.”
But to his surprise, a towel-clad Cas is emerging from the barely-steamy bathroom less than five minutes later, just when Dean’s finally managed to tuck himself back into his shorts and sit up.
His first impulse is to simply turn around and pretend it isn’t happening as he walks briskly toward their seats, but instead, he freezes. Cas is watching him, and his hair looks like he just went three rounds of ambiguous type with something either very angry or very enthusiastic, and his eyes are outrageously blue, even in the scant lighting, and he’s wearing the
Cas frowns.
Cas experiences a slight twinge, at that, but he shakes it off.
“Dude,” he sputters. “Cas is gonna be there!”
He opts to communicate this with a soft groan, gently tugging at Dean’s hair to draw him closer, and Dean’s mouth immediately slips over him in response, slick heat enveloping his cock. His knees go weak, Dean’s grip tightening to help keep him upright and steady, and Cas helplessly nudges forward, desperate for more.
A few minutes later, he can feel her breaths evening out, and he moves his shoulder, jostling her.
Dean’s never been good with those words – or any specific words describing feelings – but he has the heartfelt ‘me too’ down pat and he likes to think he shows it in other ways.
is the one who should have anticipated that, should have made allowances when they started this whole thing, shouldn’t have put Cas in that position in the first place. He
“You said you would fight me, someday.”
The thing is, while Dean’s hardly going to be winning any prizes for intellect any time soon, he’s not a complete idiot, and if he stops thinking with his dick for a moment – or worse, his heart – he can step back and think about adding kissing to everything else they’re doing and see how
The instant Kevin’s out of sight, Dean tears open the letter. He’s been insanely curious over what Anna writes Cas about, even once he figured out she was his sister; and now that he knows she’s one of the two options Cas is considering when he leaves, Dean’s desperate to know which way he’s leaning.
Dean makes a face.
should be doing it, and they’re not—
Sam nods, nibbling at a slice of cucumber so primly Dean kind of wonders if he’s being trolled right now.
The tip of the sword drops, and Cas reaches for his head, startled.
He looks away. He hasn’t been noticed yet, but he’d feel like a fool if he managed to give away their position.
“That’s fine. And . . . by all accounts, I’m rather warm.”
“Well, don’t worry,” Dean whispers. “I’m not gonna do this to the council.”
“He’s the tantrum type,” she concludes. “So what’s goin’ on at home, kiddo?”
“So what
Dean bristles.
“Dude,” she complains, and he waves a hand, setting it back down once it’s empty.
“You will sit in the center of the gardens, by the fountain,” she explains, voice low and clear. It makes him think of the tower dungeon in Eden, of visiting the library and being read to when he was very, very small.
And Dean
“Because he’s not mine.”
Beside him, Dean sighs.
“No. They’re very indirect about it all.”
“Nothing, just — I just — I still need the shower.”
All of the air vacates Dean’s lungs. This is definitely some kind of sick, twisted joke, because Dean might not pay attention — much. Mostly — but he does know that the last time Castiel hooked up with a sophomore, he
“Shut up, Dean. Or I’ll read it out loud.”
It’s only when he’s come back, awkwardly holding out the towel, that Cas realizes something terrible, something he
Scene 1: A barmaid is throwing interested looks Dean's way, and Dean maintains to himself that the reason he doesn't take her up on it is because it would take most of the night, and Dean is too responsible to forgo the sleep.
Obviously, he wasn’t. Fuck sleep-brain.
garden.
me for directing you to stay elsew—"
be — but it’s unexpected, nonetheless.
“Oh.” He relaxes considerably. Dean decides not to read too much into it. “Uh. That’s true.”
Ellen blinks, mouth opening slightly.
“Oh, Sam came tearin’ out of dinner when he heard you got hurt, practically shook the damp tapestries of the walls, but John’s got his head up his ass about your little reading dates, so he’s not allowed in here.”
Because for two weeks, Cas is perfectly polite to him, and Dean
“Is it? He’s one of my best friends, Dean.”
“We’re literally standing fifteen feet apart, Dean.”
be up, and it takes him a moment to figure out why.
“Jo says taxis smell strange.”
“As if
” Dean growls, leaning in close to a wide-eyed Charlie as he shoves Cas behind him. “You’re
Sam suddenly throws open the door and rushes into the room.
“Boring. We had to sit for a long time.”
“I let her eat in here on the grounds that she’s supposed to interact more in class, and I think she
Cas stares.
him. He’s cranky and sarcastic and he
!” she exclaims, lightly smacking his shoulder. “He was supposed to have — swept you out of the tub and laid you out on the bed and gently made love to you! Or — even more exciting things! Anyway, he must have at least
They watch each other for another moment, and then Dean drops his gaze — right to where Cas’s hand is still on his arm.
“Um, no? If Cas is such a little kid, set a damn example, Dean! Use your words, and explain to him
giving me shit—"
“Yeah, I suppose I would. Some things are obvious.” She sighs. “Well, then it’s probably stress. Your cycle got out of sync, and then you wandered all over the continent for a year before it could settle down properly, and then you left again after you were only home for a few months. That much travel, that far and that long — that’ll do it.”
instinctively, how Dean feels.
Dean stands there, feeling cold and confused and disappointed the conversation didn’t somehow end with Cas stepping back into his arms for some indefinite amount of time, and after a while, he remembers at least one question that’s still relevant.
Dean makes them both breakfast, Cas hovering uncomfortably close until Sam finally manages to lure him back to the table, and about two seconds after Dean’s done doling eggs out onto Cas’s plate, he’s rewarded with a firm, wet press of lips to his mouth.
Reference to past Dean/other: Dean reflects on having asked Ellen to teach him medical massage (for sore muscles) several years ago when he was seeing Lisa, because Lisa was a dancer. He notes that despite that, he’s not used to giving a massage that doesn’t conclude with happy endings for all.
“I thought you meant
It’s thrilling.
“I . . . I do understand.”
“Everything okay?” he ventures, once they’re in view, and Cas glances back at him, quickly nodding.
He stews on it as they retreat to Cas’s bedroom, dinner in hand, and he stews on it some more when they reluctantly slip out from under the blanket to go clean the kitchen, and once they’ve climbed back into bed and turned on the show and Cas has curled up at his side, head lightly resting against Dean’s shoulder-
The curfew is a reprehensible violation of this so-called ‘free will’ Winchesterians are supposedly so fond of; how on earth can Dean think it’s for the
“Oh. Okay. That’s — that’s good. Um. What — what was the question, again?”
manage, except he can’t, because
She beams.
“Well, it’s better than nothing,” Meg concedes.
“Mom, I was
He turns the TV back on.
he is who he is, and this kind of thing is just – it’s
They settle criss-cross on either side of the old
“Yeah. I’ll let Dad know if he’s back before you.”
“What if your father’s not dead?” he’d protested, but she’d just laughed in response.
Which is fine, most days. Dean will perch next to him, wherever they are, and they’ll eat and talk about what, in retrospect, seems like a lot of
“Like you wouldn’t believe.”
Dean’s Dad, so this seemed unlikely enough to be of little concern.
And Cas appreciates where the sentiment comes from, he really does; his brother loves him, very much, and wants him to be happy.
with every day that passes, not less. How can he see him each day and expect to change that? Dean’s right about one thing; Cas has thought of himself as belonging to Dean for years, now.
Even if reason says he can’t have, Cas wants anyways.
Apparently, Cas has been thinking about jumping her English teacher and doing unspeakable things to his body for much, much longer than he thought.
He can’t help it. He thinks of that other portrait, a quick sketch from a festival artist, likely forgotten amid Charlie’s things or thrown out — but still the only likeness ever taken of him, and ordered by
“Wait — but you were — so — so the guy in the picture — but — and —
“I’m willing to try if you are,” Cas says, absolutely serious, but Dean laughs again anyway, pulling out a little further as he shifts.
hormones, and promptly forgets to worry about it.
Some vicious little gremlin is digging Cas’s heart out with a spoon, and he covers Dean’s mouth with his palm.
“Okay. Good night, Meg.”
“I must have,” he protests. “I knew how they felt.”
“You — kept coming?”
Cas tilts his head, absently brushing his fingers over his mouth, but not in a
“Why not?”
Cas might end up killing him, after all — just not in the way Dean expected.
tickling my feet, just because I made him call you.”
Cas closes his eyes, leaning back against the counter, and nods, though she can’t see him.
“Kid’s good,” Dean says, once he’s finished swallowing the bite he took. In retrospect, a burger might not actually have been the best choice; normally, Dean’s not too self-conscious about how he eats, but one of Cas’s motivating factors for being here is basically how pretty Dean is, and he doesn’t want to put the guy off with his table manners. “He just started his second year of law school.”
Cas side-eyes him a little, but Dean swears he catches a waft of something bright and sweet in his scent, and he’s pretty sure Cas is pleased.
Charlie frowns back.
“That where you got this?”
Cas takes a deep breath.
Cas blinks.
Either Dean intends to steal his books, or . . .
you probably came in contact with this thing a million times.”
“God damn it.” He casts a forlorn look at Cas. “I guess —
fault?”
Cas quirks a brow.
“Uh. Like I said, you could present.”
having sex with Cas without his permission. This seems like a lot of hoops to jump through to prevent Cas from actually thinking through his choices, doesn’t it? If this were good, honest masturbation between friends, Dean shouldn’t bat an eye at another friend reminding them to
“Cas?” he calls.
Dean swallows, throat bobbing visibly with the movement.
Cas scowls.
“Three months. I believe she turns nineteen on Christmas Eve.”
“You haven’t even
“Yes,” Cas murmurs, struggling not to move into Dean’s grip. Technically, this is just a bath. “Very good.”
“The . . . the criteria, it — generally, we met it.”
“How do you remember all of this? You weren’t even there.”
think it’d be kinda nice, too, if you — you know, if you came and — ‘cause they’re all gonna be there, and I don’t think anybody else will be lookin’ at what we’re doing, and — and you can leave early, if you hate it, but you could at least say hi, you know, just, stop by? Maybe? For a bit? It, uh, it’d be pretty cool.”
used to.
“I have a . . . friend. In Illinois. That I thought I’d visit.”
Cas huffs.
Dean cringes at the thought. Maybe it’s because Sammy
“Nah. Whenever you’re done with them. Let me know if you wanna talk about them, too. Sometimes it’s nice to share.”
“Why would he?”
“I’m not sure what it is anymore, so no, I’m not.”
Cas shifts on the sofa next to him, looking a little perturbed.
Anna narrows her eyes.
Who’s to say Jo’s loyalties don’t lie with the law? Where they’re
“You went to the store,” Dean eventually says.
you. A
she sounds, almost as much as he hates that she’s right.
He thinks he apologizes again before she leaves, but honestly, he’s already too lost in thought to pay attention.
“Well, no, I — I just thought-”
“Hey there. Mrs. Novak, right?”
Anna nods slowly.
“Oh. Hello, Dean.”
Cas grins at his ear.
“Sorry, Cas,” he says again. “But, uh, yeah. Could you leave?”
“Perhaps. Not for me, though. I already know what I want.”
“Well, why do you need to prioritize?”
Bela’s mouth thins.
“I can’t believe they’re going to give you idiots
in the most important ways.
Cas is kissing him. Cas
“No, you won’t.”
that friend while he was coming so hard he saw
Dean finishes his own dinner, and after at least two furtive glances in Cas’s direction, clears his throat.
Charlie is watching him like a fucking hawk, and Dean’s pretty sure her prolonged greeting with Cas was ninety-percent scare tactic and ten-percent ‘friendly-reminder-that-I’m-your-boss,’ so scratch that,
I just — God. This is bullshit.”
“Anyway, I’ve had enough of your — your —
“And no one is willing to share?”
a misunderstanding, this morning, which I’m . . . sorry you overheard. Cas was not trying to have sex with me, though,” he finishes, by now convinced this is the truth.
“What the hell was that?” he snarls, bristling. “Jesus Christ, you’d think she hit a fucking rut.”
“Never say never,” he shoots back cheerfully. “Seriously, how bad was it?”
Cas’s lips press together, and then he takes a slow, deep breath.
Finding them empty, Dean relaxes, moving past him to grab a glass from the cupboard.
If, whatever he’s seeing, he likes it.
“Prince Dean,” Samandriel calls, and then starts down the steps, frowning. “What are you doing here?”
“Yeah, he’s not gonna like the training simulations when you guys move up in rank.” Dean swings his legs over the edge of the bed, coming around to pull Cas to his feet. “Come on, wash up and let’s go to breakfast.”
“Awesome,” Dean says, looking vastly more pleased by the situation than Cas thinks he has any right to. “Claire, you wanna hop over to the TV and get it set up while they get their cake going?”
Cas hesitates.
Cas lies there in his bed, anxious and jittery and unbelievably turned on, groin aching and ass tingling and a ceaseless stream of sexual fantasy barraging his poor, overtaxed brain, but he doesn’t touch himself.
Mysteriously, Sam softens, though tired eyes still regard him with some suspicion.
Cas hesitates.
“Alright. After orgasms. And breakfast.” Cas pauses. “And I still want to suck your cock.”
“Sure,” he says, and hustles Cas’s plate into the kitchen.
Sam chokes on his drink.
After all, it’s not like Dean’s great at planning to begin with. Which isn’t to say that he’s
Dean’s not sure which one of his asshole squad is putting that considering look on his face, but just
Dean actually doesn’t need that much help.
Anna.
was your family, and then you clung to him in my damn foyer for literally ten full minutes, and you’re not gonna
Cas presses his lips together, lifting his chin.
“So, um, for our first date,” Cas begins stiltedly that evening, while Dean is still admiring the fucking
He remembers standing in the kitchen, unpacking boxes, and thinking this bet might be the thing that did them in for good, and maybe he was right.
“Sorry I missed the rest of it,” he says, and Cas shakes his head, the barely-there smile letting Dean know it’s fine. “Still tired from work.”
Cas reaches out, touching his jaw, sort of like he did in Dean’s dream when Dean—
“Okay. Maybe . . . on a – a scale of one to ten?” he tries, because there’s something deeply wrong with him, and it’s probably for the best that a deadly international pandemic means he no longer goes among other humans.
“Sounds like a plan,” he says tiredly.
“Shit. Charlie. Fuck, how did I not think of that?”
“Well, okay, then. If you’d rather eat
“You wouldn’t have wanted to hear it, Dean. It would have made you — uncomfortable, and when you get uncomfortable, you avoid, and while I may have been . . .
*** SPOILERS ***
They don’t leave again until morning; or rather,
bad, apparently. Cas is both in denial and inventing trouble in paradise.
“You mentioned something about cake-flavored tea?”
Although — she might decide she doesn’t like them, which — well, that would be sort of awful — but you know what? Claire decided she was going to do this, and she’s doing it for
Whatever else he’s about to say is, thankfully, cut off by a knock on the door, and Cas quickly sits up and away from him, shrugging free of the blanket.
“Kevin,” he pronounces, heart sinking, because even if Cas actually
. “Why are you here so early?”
The calm dissipates. Cas would examine the feeling that takes its place, but suddenly everything is red to him.
“Technically, she said ‘halfway decent,’ but I believe that’s what she meant.”
The first two men and the woman seem to relax, at that. Castiel, for his part, is completely still.
“That still kind of sounds like a yes, Cas.”
Cas nods slowly, tilting his head.
“Uh. Because — I kinda made things awkward. So you probably — y’know, wanna get out of here.”
He looks up as soon as Cas enters, and instead of having the decency to avert his gaze and awkwardly pretend nothing just happened – he
Another six hours seem to pass before bubbles finally begin to line the bottom of the pan, but he relaxes at the sight of them, mollified by this apparent progress. He was beginning to think the stove was
“I won’t.”
“I haven’t lost Baby privileges?”
Bela sighs, slumping in her chair, and then a moment later pulls a flask from seemingly nowhere.
“Right, and feeling like he can’t come home because of
“He’s her teacher. I — I was worried, when I found out she spends her lunch with her English teacher every day, not to mention he gave her all those books to read, and his class is the only thing she likes about school, so I thought I should go down there and just — check on things.”
“Yeah. Well, more like two minutes. He said it felt kinda incestuous. I agreed.”
They make it to the hallway just as Anna’s coming down the stairs.
“See you in a few?”
He throws Bela an apologetic look, though she seems more amused than anything.
“You really don’t care?” he can’t help but ask, gesturing to Dean’s wrist. “You — you’re never curious? Not even a little?”
Which turns out to be a good thing; Cas is just unwrapping his PB&J when there’s a knock on the door, and he automatically calls for his visitor to come in, though he still feels like shit and he’d rather just eat his sandwich and wallow in peace.
never did it, and she didn’t want to grow up to be as ‘weird and dumb’ as you.”
Anyways, it’s only when they’ve finished and Cas is dressed and out of the shower, bathroom door open to let out the steam, that it finally hits Dean, revelation like a high-speed train, so huge and obvious he doesn’t get how he possibly could have missed it in the first place.
Cas just shakes his head, reaching out with both hands, cupping Dean’s cheeks.
“When did y—”
And that, Dean thinks, lungs heaving, muscles shaking with the effort of every tight, circular motion, is a huge fucking
, that’s neither here nor there.
“Keep in mind, I don’t need names.” Tara might bitch about ‘verification,’ but Dean’s pretty sure no one wants to follow every little thread to prove the details when it’s the bigger picture that matters. “The king knows about Billie, since her story’s apparently recognizable, so people can kind of use their judgment if they think that’s the case for them, too, but otherwise — we just want to know what’s going on, that makes a place like this necessary, and where to put the effort to fix it. And in the meantime — I’m not wrong, right? Mills Park doesn’t cut it.”
Claire’s head snaps up.
“Soooo,” Valencia starts, while Anna and Claire try their hand at an apple-bobbing game. Or rather, Anna’s won three games thus far and Claire has refused to participate, but she’s enjoying watching her Aunt win. “Why is your boyfriend ignoring you?”
have.” Which, yeah, Dean doubts that. “It’s time. We’re fighting.”
Which – Cas
Cas pointedly avoids looking back.
Cas decides that for now, he can simply be grateful for what he has.
Dean would just sit quietly, or ramble somewhat incoherently, but eventually Cas would pretend to be feeling unsteady himself to coax Dean inside to sleep, Dean agreeing because, once again, “Can’t let you fall, Cas, gotta make sure.”
“Didn’t happen. Guess he knows some people, too,” she mutters darkly. “It’s bullshit. The whole situation was suspicious, but we can’t prove he was going to commit a crime and there’s nobody to say he tried, so he gets to walk, and
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay. But, I mean — it
supposed to mean?”
“Ah.” Cas remembers trying those with Samandriel on one of their visits in town. “No, not particularly. To be honest, I don’t really care for hard things.”
“I, uh, I was afraid I wouldn’t last,” he explains, and to Cas’s delight, the finger lightly starts to thrust.
“Like — you’re getting this, right? I was seventeen and the girl of my
“I was ‘about ready’ ten minutes ago,” he mutters, and
This is what alphas do, to their omegas. This is what omegas do for their alphas. Regardless of how he might feel about it — it was natural, survivable. And if it was what Dean, ultimately, would ask of him — then he would do it.
“Really? Just like that? Are you quite sure you’re related?”
Cas blinks.
Susan waves her off.
Cas blinks, staring at the pie and wondering what he’s missed.
“You can call me Max,” she offers. “Although — I’m not sure it’s not too adventurous-sounding.”
Ash holds his hands up.
“I see that you’re a fool,” Cas says dryly, and Balthazar shrugs.
And he has every intention of seeing it through.
Cas just stares for a moment, stunned.
? Dean, what is your
And Cas —
Instead, Sam has a bag lying on the bed, and he’s hastily shoving rolls off clothing into it.
Sam walks him up to Dean’s room, and though Cas doesn’t think it’s necessary and he suspects Sam knows that, too, he appreciates the gesture. He still wakes up feeling a little drained some days, and he’s really not looking forward to dealing with a heat.
“No, she
Cas squints.
Regrettably, Dean’s mood has clearly shifted. He stares at Cas unhappily.
can see themselves in you, Cas. It might just be what we need to get them to at least listen.”
“Okay. Do you still want an orgasm?”
, Dean? What — what makes you love me? What’s going to make us work?”
Cas brews himself a cup of coffee, fingers itching.
“I do know who it is,” he finally mumbles. “It’s the pizza I ordered while you were in the bathroom.”
He can’t believe he was stupid enough to think he could turn several months of careful manipulation, lies, and guilt-tripping of a psychologically vulnerable person into an actual fucking relationship.
Anyway, Cas becomes less impatient as the minutes pass, and more
“You said ‘in the morning,’” Cas informs him breathlessly, and if not for the slick, tight grip of him on Dean’s cock, Dean would complain about the lighting being too poor to really appreciate what Cas’s thighs look like as he works up and down, riding Dean for all he’s worth.
“’M fine here.”
want to kiss
of it.
Still, he’s not that surprised when Dean drops down onto the curb next to him.
“Do you think the king would agree to it?”
“He’s never going to see me again,” Cas chokes out, and that is the true problem with this letter. It is kind and affectionate and horrifically
Pamela helps Cas pick out
Anyway, it passes completely within the week, and he promptly forgets all about it.
“Uh. Sure.”
She tackles him.
Motherfucking
“Oh?” Cas sounds interested, and also like he’s smiling. “Are you going to make
“I wish he’d given me the portrait before it happened, though,” he mutters, holding out eager hands once she’s finally coated it. “I would have liked to have been able to actually look at him, even if it was just a likeness.”
Dean inhales, straightening.
Some part of Cas wonders if he should excuse himself to check on Claire, but his body feels strangely still and tight, compressed by the sort of moment that’s hard to withstand and impossible to ever truly get away from.
“No, no,” Dean protests, still a little hoarse. “It was my fault, I should have asked before I did all that-”
Cas doesn’t even know where to
Cas, she’s a
“So . . . what’d you need?” Cas’s brow dips, and Dean coughs. “I mean — not that you gotta have a good reason, or anything, like — you can just — come see me. If you want. Not that I’m saying you should, just — you know, whatever makes you happy.”
It’s actually not the worst thing Gabe’s ever suggested, but …
doing something he should be. No, instead he sends pictures of confused-looking cats accompanied by cryptic ‘
(Rupi Kaur): While Dean tells Claire to ask her parents, and he makes a strong effort to be tactful about suggesting she might not be the right age for it, the takeaway from the scene should be that he would advise against it. The reasoning here was that some of the poems can be rather explicit, which doesn’t necessarily present an issue on its own, but in conjunction with the themes, may prove a difficult read for some kids. I am a firm believer in being frank and open about sex and sexuality, but I felt that many thirteen-year-olds might not be ready to comfortably process that content; while every teenager is going to vary as far as what they can handle and when, I’d err on the side of recommending this one for audiences older than Claire. I apologize if you disagree; these are always tricky things to assess.
“Like . . . you didn’t have to move back to, uh, take care of anyone?”
“From . . . the people who supported it.”
It still hurts like hell.
“I’m sorry.”
“Christ, you gotta keep it down, buddy,” he gasps, wrestling Cas’s hands free of his hair (as much as Dean likes the sting of Cas’s fingers, ruthlessly tugging, likes what it represents even better, there
She hangs up before Cas has a chance to thank her again, and Dean huffs.
“Uh. No. No, but — you don’t — you shouldn’t worry about it, Cas. Unless I like, die on the way or something, I’m gonna be back before you know it.”
you’re an SUV.”
“That isn’t necessary.”
This is a pivotal moment in the story! How can you ask questions at a time like this?”
She shakes her head, then smiles slightly.
decisions!”
“Well,
“About what?” he asks carefully, and Dean jerks his head toward the barrack doors.
“Dean?”
“My room.”
Cas isn’t there? Will Dean go down to breakfast and have the entire goddamn hall shunning him for being a dirty old lech?
“Not too much,” Cas warns quickly, though he pushes into it, squirming a little, and Dean pauses.
“If you are.”
“Yes, I know, Anna explained that to me —”
“Dean!” Balthazar practically shouts, a cheeky grin crossing his face. “Here I thought you’d gotten stuck in a toilet.”
Thank you very much for reading ♡
about it, Dean feels like as much of an asshole as he is an idiot.
“Yeah.” And then Castiel slides into the seat next to Dean, smooth as anything, so they’re mostly eye-level, even if he’s still taller than Dean. “I heard you were the guy to see if I wanted a hookup.”
“Thank you, Lucy, please do.” He sniffs. “Though he has some other guests, as well.”
“Oh, my
you should have told us as soon as you discovered him gone!”
But he still held Cas’s hand the whole way home while Cas cried, and didn’t complain once.
Cas’s nap, though he didn’t quite get eight hours last night, is unexpectedly fitful.
feel like he has the whole picture, for once, but this is a breakthrough as far as trust goes. Cas was open and unguarded and completely vulnerable with him today, and having Cas cling to him and confide all these things that felt like
“I — I mean, no, but — but I could learn. If there’s something you’d be interested in, I would — I would totally do it. Anything you wanted.”
. Because while his drunken self might have taken that in stride, might have logically concluded that yeah, okay, Cas is gonna leave us, let’s just sit tight ‘til then, sober Dean had a fucking panic attack.
touching him, the hands underneath his shirt sliding down and deftly slipping into his sweatpants-
“Give up on you?” Dean repeats, incredulous. “Like — break up with you?”
Cas just nods, closing his eyes, and Dean listens to him breathe for a minute or two, the pattern punctuated by the occasional sniffle.
Dean smirks, circling around to the driver’s side.
“No,” Cas agrees, uncertain. “It wasn’t. But — you did apologize. We both did things we shouldn’t have.”
“Weren’t you attending to a matter at the print shop?”
Dean’s shoulders relax.
“Yeah, yeah, it does, but – you know, lemon juice helps with that, too.”
Cas doesn’t know how long it lasts, sparks behind his eyelids, body shaking with his pleasure, but when at last his thoughts return, Dean is tipping forward, clumsily pressing kisses to Cas’s hair and temple and ear.
“Uh. I – yeah? Of course. C’mon, man,” he adds, smiling uncertainly. “You know that. I just – I know I don’t always, uh, say it, the right way, but – I do. Of course I do. Just like you – you know, love me.”
“Or stop being my friend.”
“Don’t—" he started, even though telling his Dad what to do was a huge fucking no-no, could turn a situation from ‘okay’ to ‘heads rolling’ in about two seconds flat. But Dean couldn’t help it; this just — he couldn’t do this, especially with his dad talking like it would have been a good thing. “Don’t — don’t talk about him, okay?”
Hester’s expression tightens.
He doesn’t look at Cas once as he returns to his horse, and even though this isn’t something he has any reason to fear Dean’s anger over -
Cas has no idea what that means.
“Let me know if you need anything,” he says lamely, and after another uncomfortable silence, shuts the door.
“I know,” Dean says, smiling.
There’s also the way the club is so busy he and Dean must dance closely enough that the points across their body keep coming into contact, like they’re two overlapping wavelengths.
to!” she snaps . “I should be able to do my homework at home, at
Dean snorts, except his amusement distracts himself from the whole trying-not-to-cry thing and then he hiccups and suddenly he
Through the mirror, Dean recognizes Jo, busy scratching away at some paperwork on the side of the table nearest to the divide. On the other, there’s a man sitting very straight and still, eyes lowered.
(He can’t believe Beth tried to tell him to
The air gets stuck in Dean’s lungs, borderline painful but refusing to budge.
“Well, it, uh. It wasn’t attached to the kind of person you usually thought about.”
?) and waits.
but the castle is already behind them and there are people in it who want him dead, and the only way out seems to be forward.
“Really? Because I heard he yelled
“How does us both doing something you think is a ‘pain’ make it better? Shouldn’t we both just
It’s a long time, but not nearly long enough, before Dean pulls back, and when he does, his eyes look a little red.
“I smell fine. Dean just gave me a bath.”
She softens.
all in the service of a friend.
“Yeah, well, you certainly know,” Dean shoots back, not missing a beat, and Cas flinches.
“What?! No!” He swallows. “No, no, I don’t . . . I just. Uh.”
take me home, Dean. I just want to go home.”
The thing is, Cas has never been particularly interested in trying double penetration. As much as he loves his toys, is possibly more excited by the sight of them than he has been by most naked forms he’s encountered in his life (and he suspects it would have to be a toy, because even if Cas found two willing men he was attracted to at once for the task, there’s still a lot of potential for awkwardness should things turn out less wildly sexy than one might hope), he’s just never seen the point. He
Sam is looking between them curiously, but he shrugs.
“I think he thinks we only have them in our heats.”
“Look. I guess — for now, the question is — are you really gonna sleep comfortably, knowing some strange alpha is right next to you?”
made it worse,” he grits out.
Except not, because the good part is when Dean gets to break his heart — obviously — but this thing they’re doing now, with the dates and the holding hands and the kissing and Cas looking him dead in the eye and telling him he wants to stay — it’s kind of great, too, deeply satisfying to some part of Dean he hadn’t realized wasn’t.
Dean chokes on his first bite, apparently not expecting it, and Cas patiently waits for him to finish laughing, not bothering to disguise his own pleasure.
It’s selfish, but he hopes he doesn’t.
Dean.”
Sam smiles slightly, at that, an impressively terrifying smile that just looks
“Patience gets up at six.” Claire pauses, then adds, “And puts on
“That son of a bitch. I can’t believe I ever felt so—" She coughs. “So — invested. In your relationship. When he was obviously a jerk.”
Nothing.
He’d hate for his progress to backslide just because he has to go on a stupid hunting trip, is all.
“Jo.”
It’s alright, though. He’s pretty sure he knows how to fix it.
But he doesn’t want to let Cas down, either.
“And anyway, I doubt the minute or two I did it for even made a difference. If I’m sore, I bet it’s from all the holding still.”
right, and even if he didn’t it, he’d fucking take it.
muster is much better suited to pulling Dean’s undone cravat entirely free and reaching for the buttons of his waistcoat, eager to feel warm skin beneath his palm and finding that, while wonderful, Dean’s cheek and neck are simply not sufficient.
Everything he consumed half an hour ago lurches violently in his stomach.
And if the alternative is not having him at all (because he doesn’t deceive himself that he can say no, not without Dean breaking up with him, something Cas is not sure he, let alone their friendship, will survive with much success) . . .
” he groans, and she smacks his back, gleeful.
Cas swallows.
Dean’s lips part.
“And you’re sure he’s not a creep, right?”
“Hey, Cas. How’re you feeling?”
Cas stares at the reflection of the bright pink rosebuds in the mirror, utterly at a loss.
Normally, Dean would be delighted to have a suspicion confirmed, especially given how skeptical Charlie and Sam were, but that was before he thought Cas would come at him with anything other than brute force.
him — Charlie, I’ve been makin’ it clear for weeks that I’m ready. If anything, I’ve been pushing
“I — you know, that wasn’t really the — the
know.
and while he’s not
“What, you’re not mad anymore?”
“Why didn’t I — Dean, how can you even
Problematic Thinking: Dean notes that at times, he imagined Cas as “living in jeans and hoodies and stuck in a pathetic state of man-childness as all his looks faded and his life went nowhere”; to be clear, jeans and hoodies are just things people wear, superficial markers of adulthood are bullshit, looks should not be important, whatever they are or however they change, and if you’re happy and not a dick, you’re winning. Ambition and/or success are not necessary for someone’s life to have meaning and value.
again.
She shrugs.
Cas pushes off the ground, wrapping his legs around Dean’s waist and squeezing like his life depends on it. There’s another appalled squawk, but Dean ignores it, way too busy struggling to stay balanced.
‘What?”
it, make it better — but Dean forces himself to take a step back and do it.
He spent too long marching in the Purgaean wilderness, he decides.
“Right. I — just making conversation,” she mumbles.
but — oh, for fuck’s sake — do you know what a dick is?”
God. Cas is gonna be
“Two hundred years ago, perhaps! When was the last time you
Which is ridiculous. ‘Not accepting’ is the same goddamn thing, but in Dean’s head, there’s a big difference, and rejection feels beyond him, now.
Of course, third period is the worst. Claire knocks a huge stack of papers and a cup full of pens off the desk on her way by, not even pausing to glance back, and even though Dean’s pissed and it takes several minutes and two other students helping to put it all back to rights, he’s still not brave enough to call her out.
“Which is why I’m here,” Cas grumbles, and then he starts toward the bed, face exhausted in the flickering candlelight, and Dean sits up in alarm.
“I feel embarrassed. And — very small.” He sighs. “But - not heartbroken, I don’t think. Actually, I — I feel like—" He bites his lip. “I feel like I do when I’ve done something I shouldn’t and Charlotte’s found out and come to chastise me. Very abashed, because I likely knew better.”
“Oh. That sucks.”
He throws up his hands.
He shuts his mouth.
Dean shrugs again, still not looking at him.
Cas narrows his eyes, but slips the jacket on.
In some ways, though, possibility is more frightening than rejection.
Claire just grunts at him when they reach Anna’s house, throwing the door open just as they come to a stop. She’s out and marching up the path before he can even put it into park.
?” he sputters. “I didn’t—"
“Concern for their safety, I believe,” Billie says mildly, though Cas has the strong sense that she’s amused. “She brought her rapier with her.”
Daphne shakes her head.
Dean shakes his head.
But yeah, Dean just pretends the steamed veggies gave him the runs and hides in the bathroom until Sam gives up and goes away.
He nods at the man, who looks very torn.
He thinks about it, head muzzy, and then remembers why he came here in the first place.
Dean says nothing, brow troubled, and Cas nods, looking back toward the river.
Because if he believes what he kind of wants to — that maybe, Cas really is ‘adjusting,’ or whatever he called it, and he never seriously thought about killing Dean — then that’s going to be it. Once Dean accepts that as truth, he’s not sure he’ll be able to go back to doubting it.
There was no mistaking the implication there, and Cas sat up, outraged. Perhaps his stake in this conversation was also drunken caprice, but yet again, Dean was jumping at any opportunity to give Cas shit about his lifestyle.
Her brows lift.
“I don’t think it is,” he finally concludes. “You know — I’ve experienced a lot, Anna. I’ve wanted to die. I’ve wanted to be violent. I’ve
related to Cas.
“Dean’s? Not the Singer-Harvelle’s?”
“Sure, but — if your stomach’s upset, the mint might, uh, send the rest of your dinner back up.”
“Of course I do.”
Dean gives him a long, inscrutable look, and then he nods.
“No.” She shrugs, suddenly moving the piece to the opposite corner, where it slots into a tile that has only a tiny sliver of its dominant color. “I didn’t really expect him to, but — I always liked to daydream about things that wouldn’t happen. It makes you feel better, anyway.”
“But Castiel’s —
She shifts, turning to face him on the sofa with a smile, though she looks a little nervous.
Claire rolls her eyes. Like anybody is going to believe
Cas huffs a laugh.
“Thanks for the help. Bye.”
Cas almost says, but he knows Dean is referring to the times he comes while Cas is at work, and there’s not a lot he can do about that.
Claire flushes.
“Fine,” she mutters. “But seriously — there’s no way he’s marrying the kid, Dean.”
And then—
“You know you aren’t — in the way, right?” he says, aware of how lame it sounds but unable to muster anything better.
? Everything he’s come up with, drunk or sober, stressed or relaxed, sounds dumb as all get out. Probably because his feelings
Cas scowls.
It doesn’t really make him feel better.
It is a wonderful diversion from sitting in bed, reading by himself, but then they go down to dinner and Cas is left to wait for his own to be brought up to him.
“I’d like that,” Cas interrupts, though that’s something of an understatement.
Cas blinks.
Susan scowls, foot sliding beneath the table, nudging his.
“A-awesome,” he mumbles, a huff against the shell of Cas’s ear, and on they ride.
And yeah, that’s
And he knew he shouldn’t have thought of it like that, that that made it sound like Aaron was just some random somebody, but this bitter, nasty part of Dean felt like he might as well have been. And Dean — he hated himself for it, for being with somebody else when Cas needed him.
“Weird. My head feels clearer,” he rasps, wincing and reaching for the water. “But it hurts more.”
“What?”
with things, once the source is out of hearing range, but she makes him sound like a hellion of some kind.
Again, Cas has no idea how to answer that.
“Yeah, everybody’s super mad about it,” Adam agrees.
“I see. So — in light of all that, do you feel it’s accurate to say that, as an older child, Dean was your primary source of affection?”
“The whole stack is for you,” Kevin adds, a little pointed, and Dean finally holds out a hand for the rest.
“There should be a lot of features, if we do it right, but yeah. That’s definitely one of my favorites.”
“Yes. Yes, I want to.” Cas stares hard at Dean, like he might rescind the offer at any moment.
Which, of course, was just the heat talking, but
“It’s nothin’, Cas. How do you feel about some sparring?”
“No, no, no,” she protests, finally pivoting once she’s made it into the hallway. “It’s not about that. I just — I mean, I get why you didn’t want to move in with Mom, but . . . Hannah’s at school, which leaves us with two guest rooms, which is — you know, ridiculous, but neither Val or I want to move. And I just think — it’s really good, that you’re going out. Whether on dates or just to see other people, it — it’s good. And if you lived with us, Claire wouldn’t have to go somewhere else for a babysitter, and you could feel more comfortable . . . well, doing whatever.”
There’s a sharp snort from beside Cas, and Dean’s head whips toward the sound, gaze turning furious.
“Jesus, look at you. You must wanna come so bad, Cas. I already did and I swear to God, I don’t know how I’m gonna last.”
compared to the rest of the things he buys at the market.
Anyway, Lisa’s got a son, just starting kindergarten, and her sister insisted she get back out there.
“Oh, God,” Patience mutters. “Don’t take it personally, Adam. She does that to
“Like — a curse?”
Cas finally opens his eyes, glancing over at Dean with an arch look.
Suspicious, Cas leans in a little closer, and now more than ever, Dean wants that fucking kiss.
Cas looks at him, searching.
She gives him a hard stare, followed by a shove.
“Hello.” Cas hesitates. “Where did you go?”
“I’m — dealing with it,” he says eventually. “And I’m sure I’ll make my next deadline with time to spare.”
He looks away, face agonizingly warm, and grabs for the cheese.
>> Good night, Dean.
teasing him, perhaps even understanding Cas’s untoward cravings better than he thought, and working him up in this brutally effective fashion with every intention of leaving him hanging as a big ‘fuck you’ for being the most high-maintenance friend ever and going to the store when Dean repeatedly told him not to?
“That’s not a thing, Dean,” he returns dryly, but Dean seems to brighten, anyway.
“Well, she thought she’d seen the good in him, and that was apparently enough for her.”
Cas doesn’t laugh with him; instead, he leans back a little, one finger on Dean’s chin to guide him back to attention.
That said.
“You see how wonderfully helpful he is, Pamela? He’s proving your point for you and everything.”
“I — even if you don’t want to marry me again or your father says no, I just —
Which — Dean doesn’t want him to go away. That’s the
Cas looks up at him when he enters the room, flushed from laughter and booze and still grinning wide, and Dean can’t help but grin back. He tosses the beer at Cas, who barely glances at it as he catches it one-handed, reflexes lightning-fast as per usual.
you ass
“Don’t
(Although, apparently he only does that last thing because Cas is his husband, so perhaps it should be discounted.)
“Oh, jeez, no, the council would have a fit. They already sent someone after Dean — sorry, Emily beat me here — but he didn’t tell anyone where he was going.”
“You mean — oh. Oh, dear.”
And that — fuck, no way can Dean go the rest of his life not hearing Cas say that with his stupid mouth and his stupid voice and nope, Dean feels done for in ways that pale in comparison to all the close calls he ever had during a war.
“Is it important?”
“Oh.” Dean looks out across the water, not sure what to say. “Where’s your feather-stone, anyway? It was, uh, weird. To see you not wearing it.”
There’s a reason it started.”
.” Cas tugs at his tie, loosening it, and calmly reaches for the edge of the tablecloth. “
Still, he figures it’s only reasonable to give the kid time to adjust. As amusing as it is that Dean seems moments away from a heart attack whenever they speak, Cas isn’t completely cruel.
Cas nods, and he makes himself relax, too.
Anxiety rushes through him, at that.
“I’m not a child,” he mutters, and Dean snorts.
“Nothing.” Cas hesitates, then glances down. “Just — it feels strange, to talk about the future.”
“What?”
Dean blinks back at him for a few seconds, expression strange.
“Right.” She clears her throat, and the apparent unease in her face is not helping
“Alright. Let’s get you somewhere dry.”
“Nothing happened?”
“Well, then-”
Of course, before he can
“Oh. Uh, my friend Charlie runs the company your — dad, works at. I always go to the company events.”
“I’m sorry, I want to spend it with all of you, but—"
Cas has heard things, has had suspicions, but this just confirms it:
“Alright, I think I get it, now. Is that why the prince came around, then? Is he gonna court you?”
He’s not really sure how Cas would know anything had happened, but a part of him was kind of hoping Cas had been to see him, too — maybe even more than once. It’s not that he expected Cas to keep a vigil over his bedside — Sam probably wouldn’t have let him — but if he’s being honest, hearing that he almost died perversely makes him wonder about how
Cas reddens. That
Dean frowns.
“I did say
He’s being a
“For Mary,” Charlie adds, and Sam gives her a sharp look.
Pamela nods.
He’s interrupted by a knock at the door, and Cas offers him a smug smile.
Dean flinches.
that wonderful, slick friction inside him, of Dean’s penis teasing at the fullness of before, when he’d given Cas all of his fingers.
Jo doesn’t even ask, just keeps the drinks coming and drives him home after last call.
“You expected a withering old woman, didn’t you?”
“Honestly? Doesn’t surprise me. That one was pretty left-field for you.”
Dean pauses, mouth hovering warmly over Cas’s.
Sam. It changes a lot of things, and — it does mean something.”
The worst part was, he thought he did okay, anyway; thought he said all the important things, the things Cas was probably most interested in, the things that might actually convince him to please,
Crowley frowns.
I didn’t get what was going on there, for a long time. But that doesn’t mean it wasn’t. That I wasn’t — that I didn’t know.”
that’s useful, too. Like with any other task, it’s probably nice if it takes less time than it could.
“I’ll take a blood oath,” he offers, and he can see the moment she caves.
“Of course. He’s stuck
“Okay,” Dean calls after him, unbearably cheerful. “I’ll pause it.”
“Tell me, anyway.”
All Cas gets, on the other hand, is
” he hisses, although mostly he wants to find Meg and
“Your first year of college?”
Dean hesitates, then slowly lies back down and curls along Cas’s back, gratified when Cas sighs and presses against him. A lightbulb just flickered on inside his head, and Dean knows
She lifts her brows.
“You didn’t tell me!”
and only a few seconds more to realize what they must signify.
“Sure!”
“There
After breakfast, Cas trains; Dean never comes to check on him, and when practice concludes for the day, Cas either goes to the library or hovers in the kitchens or visits Rowena in her lab, and then he eats dinner with Meg and the others and goes to sleep.
“I’ll wake her up in another hour when I go for my nap. Six hours is enough for relaxing on a Sunday, but it’ll leave her tired.”
“I — why would I be?”
Besides liking it, Dean was
“Even outside of intercourse?” he presses, and Sam sighs, taking an oddly forlorn bite of cake.
given the way his cock sort of twitches, perking up now that the lemony freshness has been adequately explained away, but hey – it can’t hurt.
It’s a full day of field work. By the time he’s made his way along the crudely-formed path in the woods he always takes (lest he expose himself to the good people of the town and risk infecting them with his
like one of the ones they haven’t had in a long time—
“Do that,” John says easily. “Now, on to the other matters we meant to discuss . . .”
“Good,” Dean breathes out, sounding almost
Cas is kissing him, ruthless and needing both, and Dean opens to that, licks back inside his mouth and fumbles with the buttons of his shirt, hands greedy for skin until Cas is pushing up against him and gasping and Dean forces himself to move away, directing his attentions to Cas’s jaw and throat and collarbone and chest.
And then he sighs.
Introductions are quickly made, and Cas’s suspicions are confirmed; the blonde is Jo, a freshman and Mr. Singer’s daughter.
“Right, and why do you keep playing it, again?”
Not only would Dean never be able to prove his true intentions, but he’d also probably get
“What about you? What do you want from it?”
What if it
“Nah. There’s a, uh. A third option, for getting it wet.”
Cas rolls his eyes and steps back.
if Dean misses him so badly that that was enough to prompt him to tell such a strange and terrible lie
“Thank you,” he manages. She nods and leaves, quietly closing the door behind her.
Six months. That’s what they agreed to. And maybe this love
“What? What do you mean?”
“Wash,” Dean snaps in his ear, breaths harsh through the mask. “Or you’re not going
Maybe he
“Oh, but it’s not a generic question, because this isn’t a generic setting.” She levels him with a stern gaze. “This is therapy; what’s more, it’s not your first session. Either you were thinking of something specific,
He sighs, stroking her cheek while she grasps at his hand, wiggling a little.
If any of his barrack-mates — if anyone besides
Cas purses his lips, deeply upset, especially since the manservant has followed Sam in and shut the door completely.
“Hester Williams?”
At that, Cas’s eyes fly to meet his.
And when Cas had pitched forward into his pillow, completely overcome, and Dean had held onto his shoulder like that-
“Just drink it, Cas.”
Cas comes apart beneath him with a soft, stuttered cry, and with that, the sweater’s fate is sealed.
“Are you kidding me? Do you not understand how flattening the curve
“Right. So let me get this straight — you two get into bed together every night, you tell him you love him, Dean does his cute little tsundere ‘me too’—”
“Made me want to . . . tell you you looked nice,” he finishes, and Cas frowns, almost positive this was not the original answer. “Anyway, you probably look amazing in
That this, though he was almost positive it would fall into the category of things he
than it is
“Uh. You know. Let’s say you have a pet cat — and don’t you
“Uh. What do you mean?”
“Yeah, but – I swear I had more clean ones.”
Dean sighs, turning his head toward the carriage window.
“Scars? What kind o’ scars?”
Withdraws a measure tape from her
But he doesn’t, not really. He’s too quiet at meals and too aggressive at training, and he doesn’t sleep in the castle, even when Dean point-blank asks.
“Well, we can discuss your shower-talking thing later. It’s too soon right now.”
side?”
“Your mother talked to you.”
Mostly, it just makes him sad.
It’s distracting, but he keeps Baby steady, even when the ensuing crack of thunder makes him jump in his seat.
words.”
Eventually, he feels a little less like spurning food and hiding from the world, and as he settles in and forces himself to man up and do this dumbass diplomacy thing, he finds that Lettra’s not really as bad as he thought.
The man huffs.
“Yeah, I guess. It rained all day, so they wanted to stay in and make these bracelets.”
Cas halfheartedly attempts to shake him off, deliberately pushing the curtain open, and then—
“I do,” Cas protests, and Dean’s trying to figure out a way out of this conversation, because as far as he can tell, it ends with Cas saying he wants Dean to touch him less, or worse, not at all, when Cas opens his mouth again. “Uh. What if . . . what if I . . . I don’t know – sucked you off?”
“Cas,” he says quietly, squinting against the morning sun. He can’t remember the last time he slept through the night like that, and he feels reluctantly well-rested. “You can’t sleep in here.”
Claire glances up from her phone.
even though Cas will probably want to see it tomorrow since he fell asleep.
If Amelia hadn’t shown him pictures, he wouldn’t have believed it.
“You sound like you’re jealous.”
“They do?”
“I’m going to kiss you, now,” he informs him, subtly rocking forward. “And then I’m going to make uncomfortably direct eye contact with you and communicate important things about feelings. Understood?”
that was?”
chocolate cake,” Anna insists, gaze warning, though Val doesn’t appear to notice.
Some people had probably tried to draw him out — upon closer inspection, he wasn’t a bad-looking dude at all — but Castiel was probably reserved and hesitant with all strangers, and most people weren’t willing to work that hard.
“Oh, right, just like you didn’t do anything in New York,” he says bitterly, and Cas draws back, anger turning to confusion.
The something would probably be ‘I told you so’ or even ‘we all told you so,’ and Cas, having conducted multiple, uh, satisfactory trials, despite the fact that his actual heat doesn’t really seem to be bothering him, already feels foolish enough for putting it off so long.
Cas doesn’t see Dean until a week before Christmas.
So he heads for option two, and when he rounds the castle wall and the garden comes into view, he stops dead in his tracks.
Another long silence.
He shrugs at the hostess on his way out, offering a ‘what-can-you-do’ smile-slash-grimace, and she sends back a sympathetic look.
“What? I mean, yeah, but — I was thinking — you know what would be kinda nice?”
“It’s fine.” He crosses his arms over the sofaback, tilting his head. “What about . . . practice kisses?”
Which is good. Penance is less effective if the person it’s supposed to benefit is indifferent.
Layla waves and leaves the room, and once the door has shut, Cas turns back to find Dean studying him, lips pursed.
“Well, there was little harm done, ultimately. We remain friends.”
Well,
“Why doesn’t Sam want to explain a ‘sex dungeon’ to me?”
“Yeah, sorry about that. But their pastry selection is amazing, if that helps.”
Oh. Cas wants to accuse her of making things up, but he can maybe, perhaps, vaguely recall.
The carriage door slams shut, and Dean sighs, turning back to Cas.
Finally, Cas shakes his head, and Jo nods.
“I mean, yeah. Kinda.”
When they came back, Dean moved out.
“Close your eyes, Cas.”
Dean stares, wondering if he really understood that right. It
“So . . . would Daphne like, move to Lawrence with you, or would you guys split your time, or . . .?”
“Okay.”
“I — you — w-what?” Dean stutters out.
He was suddenly acutely aware of Dean’s palm, a hot weight on his shoulder blade. He craned his neck to look at it, at the solid proof of Dean’s intent.
In fact, he dislikes it immensely.
and once he’s done, he wants to break quarantine and visit the occult section of the library in search of some kind of In The Event Of An Afterlife soulbinding ritual to make sure they never, ever have to part.
“Alphas,” he clarifies. “Not men.”
It goes on like that, Cas’s clear anxiety making Dean just as anxious, in turn, until they hit the ten-day mark.
She’s relieved to hear that Claire’s okay, but is apparently incredibly curious about how things are going with
Cas opens his mouth to object before Charlie shoves Sam aside and tackles Cas.
Cas wants it so
“So, yeah. Total knockout. Benny wasn’t lying; I did a double-take when he came out of the house — forgot all about the dress when I saw those
Cas doesn’t know what to say to that.
Dean’s smile fades.
“May I ask what Dean is referring to?” Pamela queries, and Cas can’t quite bring himself to meet her eye.
weren’t bad enough, Cas can’t stop looking at that fucking bite mark, at the imprint of his nails in Dean’s skin, can’t stop remembering Dean’s voice in his ear, asking him if it was
“You really believe that?”
“You think so? He
It means you’re not a dick.” She blows out a puff of air. “Most of the time, anyway.”
Cas likes spending time with Sam and Valencia much, much more when they’re at least friends.
Cas’s frown deepens. What the hell is Dean playing at?
, Dean. And yes, that’s her — that’s who she is — but you helped her find that. You . . . Dean, you gave us faith. A kind that actually makes sense to me. Faith that it’s worth the effort to try.”
“Mhm. You can invite Bela, if you want,” Valencia offers, and Anna gives her a weird look.
anymore, just wants Dean to keep fucking him, in whatever way he’s willing to, and obediently stops moving, settling against Dean’s chest and clinging for dear life. He can feel the head of his cock press against Dean’s skin as he clumsily strokes himself between them, but Dean doesn’t tell him to move it and Cas
“Oh. Um, yeah? I think?”
“I’m not, really, but — thank you for saying so.”
isn’t going to put itself on hold just because Dean Winchester might have grown up to be everything Cas worries he’s ever wanted.
“Huh?”
“Well, yeah, son. Boy’s a traitor to Lawrence, and we sure as hell don’t want him back.”
“Alfie is a man with a title and an inheritance waiting for him regardless of what happens here,” Anna says flatly. “Of course he has fun.”
“You — while I—" Dean shuts his mouth, then tries again. “That’s — not what I had always, uh. Pictured.”
“Yeah, you too. I just — uh, if you’re not, uh, you know, then maybe I could, uh, talk to Sammy. ‘Bout a thing.”
But now he really knows what it’s like to
“Please.”
“Uh, no. No, I — I’m good.”
Cas studies him for a few seconds, then takes a deep breath.
“Yeah, super don’t care about that right now. When was this?”
Hester swallows, palm pressed over her heart.
Cas huffs a laugh, like he knows, letting go of Dean and shifting as he makes himself comfortable. The movement brings their shoulders into contact, Cas’s scent floating toward him, and something in Dean seems to sort of breathe a sigh of relief.
