“Oh, as if that’s meant to stop me?” Still, Dean eased up, as he did need some time to recover before daring to go for another round. He let Cas gently clean them both up and then they settled into tender caresses and lazy, satisfied kisses. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean in a spooning embrace and Dean felt the warm tickle of a wing falling over him like a downy blanket.
And also, uncertainty. “Cas? You okay?”
enjoyed hanging out with him and his brother. Yeah, sure, they were trying to stop an apocalypse from happening, but still... “Appreciate it. So, uh, give me the latest gossip. Any developments in your hunt for God?”
.” That reminded Dean of another movie marathon they should do some day. Especially considering how long those movies were. They’d be a good excuse for another bed-bound movie fest like this.
Dean had recited the incantation more times than he could count. Claire had too, for good measure. Sam reassured them they were saying it all properly, had added his voice in unison as well. Dean and Claire sat in the circle made of salt, surrounded by runes drawn in ash, focusing all their thoughts and words on Cas.
They fell into deep kisses again, Dean wanting to make love to Cas right here and now in this field. It only seemed right, in an odd way. To consecrate this land—this place of rebirth—with their own seed, let it take root and blossom here. But that might take more control than either he or Cas had at the moment.
“Cas…” Dean sighed, not even sure what he wanted to say. What he
“I am sure, Dean. Her place in Heaven is secure. You do not need to worry about that.”
“Dean…”
to fly again,” he said.
“I’ll get on that now,” Sam said with a resigned sigh. “I know you’re getting sick of my healthy cooking, but one more night of a cleansing diet so we’re all at our best in the morning, okay? Then tomorrow we can celebrate with all the burgers and fries or greasy pizza you guys want.”
“I take it that was satisfactory for you?”
put the food away. I’m gonna grab a couple beers while I’m at it.”
as it was so powerful.
He knew Dean was hurting now, still upset and angry about what he’d done, but in time that would get easier. That’s how human grief was supposed to work.
Dean propped up the laptop in a better position on his thighs so they could both see the screen. It wouldn’t be the best audio and visual experience, but Dean would rather stay here in bed with Cas than go to Sam’s room—an option Sam hadn’t seemed too keen on either. He even shifted in closer to Cas as the movie started, making sure they both had the best view.
. That makes it the best soup ever. Well, second-best, next to my dad’s famous cure-all kitchen sink stew. I’ll have to show you how to make that some time.”
“Sam’s worried because we’re kind of winging it...pardon the pun. But I gotta hope...I gotta
“For now—thanks to your distraction. I banished him the fuck out of here. But let’s go and get Cas cleaned up.” Dean wiped his hands on his jeans which were full of mud and he didn’t want to think of what else from the muck at the bottom of that stall. He made a face and added, “Me, too.”
But Jack wouldn’t have it. He wouldn’t allow the one individual who had never given up on him to sacrifice his life after knowing only one fleeting moment of true happiness. Jack had brought Cas back from the Empty and let him stay on Earth instead of helping rebuild Heaven, provided Dean promised Jack one thing.
. I’m starting to feel like it’s too much, and I don’t like the way that makes me think. These...bad ideas get stuck in my head, and I know that wouldn’t be fair to you. But it’s not fair to me either that you dropped such a bomb on me and never gave me a chance to respond, ’cept like this. There’s so much we never got to say to each other, to do...so I gotta get you back to give us that chance.”
“I’m sorry, Dean. I left for your own good, you have to believe me. The leviathans, they never stop hunting me. Their rage and thirst for revenge is...indescribable.” Silence answered Cas, nothing but the sound of this haunted, cursed forest, Dean’s heart beating so close against his chest. “And you did find Benny.”
He closed his eyes and was on the edge of slipping back into dreamland when he heard a gentle yet insistent knocking on his door. And he realized, in his half-awake state, it wasn’t the only knock he’d heard in the last minute or two. Was that what had roused him in the first place?
He reveled in it for a brief time before shifting his body, just enough that he could get his mouth on Cas’s cock again.
“You showed me something incredible,” Dean said, “so it’s my turn to do the same.”
at the store I thought were quite appealing. But I think I cooked them too long.”
he was here, his purpose. The focus of his angelic devotion since he had rejected his father.
–Dean gasped–
lose his cool when Cas said stuff like that? “I love you,” he managed to get out.
Cas let out a small, surprised noise as Dean’s hand slipped under the seam of his ragged hospital shirt to contact bare skin, uncertain in this confusing feedback loop if it was his almost-human body responding this way or Dean’s own delight at the contact.
Dean approached his spot—the field,
“My…? Oh! Oh, yes.” Castiel had been nervous for any of the other angels to see the handprint that remained on Dean’s shoulder. He had not been able to remove the burn mark even as he had removed every other scar or wound the man had carried with him to death. He had no answer for why it would not go away...at least none he was willing to speculate on aloud.
Cas didn’t waste time after that, shifting enough to reach for his nightstand, to open the drawer. Dean closed his eyes for a moment to focus on relaxing, delighting in the intense feelings brought on by Cas’s blood. He drew in his breath at the sensation of cool, slick fingers against him, seeking entry. The first slid in easily, Dean feeling not just the physical sensation of it but Cas’s grace doing
Dean declared it safe to get off at an upcoming exit when the glowing sign of a Motel 6 appeared in the distance. He stayed with Cas in the car while Sam went to check-in, as Sam was the only one of them in decent and clean enough shape to not raise eyebrows at the front desk.
He teased down the waistband of Cas’s shorts with his teeth before yanking them off with impatient hands. Finally he had Cas naked—just as he’d fantasized about during some of his better wanks, but it was way better in real life. Kissing him, nuzzling his mouth into the soft curls at the base of his cock, it was near overwhelming. The feel of this solid, human body beneath him contrasting with the ethereal nature of his angelic form... It was almost like making love to two bodies at once: one of Earthly delights, one of the Heavenly reward.
“It looks like a soulmark. But I can’t imagine a soulmate who would not be doing
Benny lifted his chin and pointed into the thick trees ahead of them. “That way. Got a few more days ahead of us, by my reckoning, to reach the rift.”
“Yeah. Zeke seemed eager for me to go with you.” Dean frowned, slightly. “I hope that’s not a bad thing. He said he could concentrate more on healing Sam and himself without any distractions around.”
The day passed and celebrations finally waned with the other angels departing to...go do whatever they were now going to get up to (with promises not to cause
As for the root of Cas’s own heresy?
Maybe some day. For right now, Dean just wanted to get fucked.
There was a pause, some shuffling, and then a cry of pain that made Dean’s blood run cold.
They set off once more, angel following vampire and human, working to switch his senses back to survival while trying to piece together everything he had experienced. Everything he was beginning to understand.
Dean could feel it, he was gonna come. It was too fast, but then Cas seemed to sense it as well and slowed his strokes. The warmth ebbed slightly, and Cas focused more on Dean’s mouth for a time, sucking on his bottom lip. Running his tongue over Dean’s teeth. Keeping Dean on the edge of slight frustration that he wasn’t stroking him harder, but riding along on the pleasure of every touch, each kiss and caress.
“That’s correct.”
Dean’s stubble was rough under his fingertips as he knew his own cheek was to Dean’s touch. Their clothes, wet and mud-soaked, were heavy with muck and blood and sweat. But the touch of Dean’s lips seemed enough to wash away all the grime and misery of this place, replacing it with a unique joy and delight, one full of anticipation, appetite. Cas’s senses might operate on a higher level than humans’, but he could appreciate the softness of those lips, could memorize the unique flavor of Dean’s mouth on a molecular level, the feel and the temperature of his tongue as it darted forth to touch his own. He could taste Dean’s longing, hear his quickened heartbeat, feel his tensed muscles. There was a hunger inside Dean focused on Cas, calling out to him like some kind of unholy prayer, a sacrilegious adoration to a corrupted, fallen angel.
“Yes, yes.” Dean nodded even as Cas shook his head in lingering disbelief.
“But this place is warded up to the gills.”
Well, that was a different but also dangerous emotion. He dared not even think the word for it, in any of the thousands of languages he spoke.
Dean blinked. “You really heard me?”
Cas obliged, and it was another straight shot of need to Dean’s own dick. But he tried to push that down as he wrapped his lips around Cas’s erection and sucked down, tasting him, his arousal. He hadn’t done this in a long time (fucking demon days with Crowley did
“Yeah, buddy. A lot of things are wrong. It’s not you—well, it kind of is, but...
. “I want to...be with you, like, in
“Call me and we’ll change route, I know. Hey, um, another reason I’d rather drive it? I want to make one quick side stop along the way.” Cas squinted at Dean. “I’ll tell you when we’re getting close.”
Cas’s words made Dean feel, well, all warm and fuzzy inside, as cheesy and chick-flicky as that might be. “Okay, but then...who’s the Sammy in that film? Falling Leaves?” Dean suggested, thinking of the Native American woman who had saved the two main heroes several times.
“Of course not. Spending time in your company is pleasant to me. And often quite educational.”
“Yes. You yourself have said I will need to get back out there again eventually. If this case is as ‘easy peasy’ as you say, this should be a good one for me to ‘practice’ my ‘hunting skills’ with you both.”
in their devotion to serving only
The two angels were gone in a blink and a whoosh, leaving Dean chuckling in disbelief while Cas still looked dazed—and a little concerned. “We should go warn Sam.”
That name gave Cas some small relief. “Ezekiel, yes. We’ve fought together in the past. He was always honorable, and faithful. Not fanatical. But...Sam doesn’t know he’s carrying an angel within him, does he?”
home. With Cas no longer doubting that this was real and not another dream born from the Empty torturing him with regrets and failings.
...all over.” Dean heard rustling and as his eyes fluttered open, he caught a flash of those wings once more. The small bathroom restricted their movements and they were definitely giving off an air of impatience.
Cas barely had a third finger in him, scissoring and stretching, before Dean panted, “Fuck me, Cas,
He felt Cas’s tongue so hot and wet on him, felt the vibrations of his moaning around Dean’s dick. Dean did the same, willing his throat to relax, then, to take Cas deeper. The energy surrounding them pulsed and surged until Dean felt Cas stiffening, sensed him about to come. Dean didn’t stop, didn’t let up until his mouth filled with the hot, salty taste of Cas’s release.
He’d also given Cas and the other grounded angels he’d saved their wings back—Cas most importantly, so he could go back and forth to visit Jack in Heaven, help him out as needed. Dean hadn’t cared
No, all Dean had to do was swallow him down, caress his inner thighs, offer the occasional vibrating moan around that dick, and Cas was at his absolute mercy. He whimpered and kept repeating Dean’s name, over and over. His eyes fluttered shut until Dean stopped and pulled back, resting his jaw for a moment and teasing, “Uh uh, eyes open, remember?” He teased with licks and blowing air until Cas obliged, though he didn’t think the angel was going to be good for much more torment. He was already so close to the edge.
“If you are. And if you’ve got time to hang around for a Heaven-bound round number two.”
“Kiss me. Then you ’n me can get to work on
He still didn’t know what had stopped him, that day, when rage and bloodlust had consumed him. Only that at the last second, something had held him back. Some last shred of himself not lost to the Mark had diverted his hand and made him realize that if he killed Cas, he’d never forgive himself. It would destroy him.
something?”
“I know you intimately already, Dean.” A peck and a nuzzle to Dean’s cheek followed, lips moving next toward an earlobe. “I rebuilt your body, held your soul within my trueform as I did so.”
Dean raised an eyebrow; Cas let it pass. Dean sighed and only muttered “Whatever,” dropping his head to Cas’s shoulder.
I would touch...would love...every inch of your body. If it would please you.” Dean’s lips were back to his collarbone, kissing, sucking, placing a harder bite there that made Cas arch up beneath him. Somewhere in the distance, lightning crackled. Cas unfurled his wings against the ground, stretched them outward to release some of the tension coiling within him and threatening to erupt into the night sky. Dean’s eyes went wide, then narrowed with lust. “God, you’re hot. So fucking hot.”
“That’s what you’ll be there for. Me and Claire, we’ll handle the summoning, opening the rift.
Cas’s tensed shoulders finally relaxed and he managed a cautious smile back at Dean. “Yes, please. And you’re welcome. I’m glad you enjoyed it.” He got up from the bed to put the cover back on what remained of the soup and wheeled the cart back toward the door. He paused, glancing down at the soup, then the door, then back at Dean.
“I get that. It’s far from the only way to help people, though. And first, you gotta get a little more used to being human, okay? You don’t have your old powers to heal yourself or just fly away somewhere if the situation turns bad.”
…like a tidal wave. I feel okay for a few minutes, but then it crashes over me and...”
Dean swallowed. “Yeah, well...I’d kinda hope so since she killed you.” He pressed his forehead against Cas’s, needing to keep him close. A shudder passed through him as he remembered the sight of Cas’s lifeless body. “I thought I’d lost you again.”
Dean placed his hand on Cas’s arm and Cas drew in a shaky breath. They exchanged glances and Cas relaxed again, offering a small smile in thanks. Looking up and across the room, he saw Sam watching them both, his own face speaking of his happiness for them.
Cas fixed his eyes—every single one of them—on Dean as he stroked himself in preparation. He looked so fiercely magnificent, every bit the soldier of Heaven he had once been. Dean understood why so many of the other angels feared and respected him, had been willing to follow him into battle. He, too, would submit himself to this beautiful creature—to the angel Castiel and no one else.
Dean thought for a moment—a very brief one. “No. Not one bit.”
Heaven. Together.”
“Having an angel for a soulmate.”
Cas had answered, taking Dean’s joking question as a serious one,
Cas lowered his head. “I am no god. Only a fallen angel who reached for too much power and thought he could save the world.”
angel. Cas still looked half-dazed and Dean had to ask him, “You okay there?”
spent.
Dean pressed feather-light kisses on his cheeks, his eyelids, the tip of his nose which made them both laugh again. He let Cas do the same in return, as if he were trying to cover every last corner of Dean’s face with kisses.
He heard the soft rustling of feathers in almost immediate answer. “Hello, Dean.”
“No, Cas, it was awesome,” Dean insisted, cutting off the self-doubting angel. “You want to know why?”
Dean let his hand drop away, and Cas found himself missing that touch intensely—as much as he’d been afraid of it for so long. “Why did you lie to me? Why wouldn’t you tell me? Why would you hide it from me for all this time?”
move,” he said, remembering the scene in question from near the end of the movie. “Though you do that to me all the time to heal me, so…yeah. Uh.” Dean reached to open a fresh bottle of beer. He took a big swig. He was suddenly incredibly thirsty. “You want another beer, too? Search for that sequel? I could—”
“Yeah, well...parents. Who can figure ’em out, am I right?” Dean tried to make as light of the situation as he could, but from Cas’s expression he could tell his attempt at humor had fallen painfully flat.
It felt good to be this close. They hadn’t been in...well, a long time. What felt like a lifetime ago.
Dean moved back up to take Cas in his arms, kiss his lips again to silence any doubts or fears—Cas’s as well as his own. “This
—after what you’d said...when I didn’t even get the chance to answer you right.” Dean looked away, at his knuckles white on the steering wheel. “I didn’t get to tell you I loved you, too. I thought you’d be in the Empty forever thinking I didn’t.”
“I guess.”
“Fuck yeah, we will.” In the meantime, though, Dean was content to drape himself over Cas, head against his chest for a few minutes more. He did remember that there were, in fact, other people in the universe besides the two of them. Namely Sam and Claire, back at the bunker no doubt waiting for them.
, there were the vegetables. Which vegetables to include? Carrots seemed popular and in almost every recipe, so I definitely wanted to add carrots. But what about celery? Or no celery?”
“Cas?” Dean asked, slightly anxious.
Cas glanced around, still flat on his back on the ground. He looked back at Dean, questions in his gaze, but then he only closed his eyes and sighed, shaking his head. “Empty. Dreaming,” he muttered, sounding so defeated Dean’s heart might break all over again.
” He paused, letting them both take in the moment. “To say it knowing you feel the same...I thought I knew happiness before but it was nothing like this.”
“Yes. I think I finally see why humans like this gesture.”
“His name has no place in this,” Cas snarled, lifting his head to kiss and bite Dean’s exposed neck.  Dean whimpered in submission.
“Heading outside. I’ve got work to do.”
more in warning than anything else.
“No, but…”
. ’Cause we’re all the three of us have got.”
love, isn’t it?” Dean asked. He thought he’d been done with romantic love, since Cassie. Since Lisa. But this was something so much more.
“Me?! Last I knew, you were
“I aim to try my best.”
“Quite remarkable work here as well,” Inias added.
came that voice in his head.
“An upgrade,” Jack continued. “But with a few tweaks. We don’t have to play by the old rules any longer.”
More relief poured into him. That was Cas’s voice, and he at least recognized Dean. He nodded, sniffling. “That’s right, it’s me. It’s you, it’s me.” He wanted to wrap Cas up in his arms and never let him go. Not ever again. But Cas still looked so dazed and lost, Dean held himself back with all the restraint he could manage, trying to satisfy himself by taking and squeezing Cas’s hand. “Do you...do you know where you are?”
They found Kara in her kitchen, cleaning up dishes from the dinner she’d made for them earlier that night.
For there were streamers and party lights, and a heavy bass beat booming throughout the entire bunker. Gabriel’s touch was immediately evident to Cas before he even caught sight of the archangel in a party hat, dancing around the map table with a beer in hand, Claire laughing and dancing along with him.
“Just promise you’ll be here in the morning.”
Or even wanted.
at all, go to it. If there’s a rift, fucking jump through it because that’s us—that’s
“Am I looking at you funny? Because I thought I was looking at you like I wanted you to do that again.”
“Because she was nervous about being alone, after last night? When great-grandpa came after us all extra-pissed off because we dug up his grandson? That, and, well...she
had the strength to stop yourself. Yet last night I’m certain I
“Hmm.” Cas chewed on his bottom lip, looking down in the very little space between them. His wings—just beginning to fade out of Dean’s perception again—closed in against his back.
angelic form on top of him, the ringing energy in his ears. The scent of him like rain on a hot summer night where storms rumbled in the distance. The intoxicating taste of him in his mouth, blood burning through his system. That impression of eyes, everywhere, watching him, devouring him with their gaze. Grace like tendrils emanating from Cas’s core, wrapping around him, seeking and seeping its way into his own flesh and bones.
It could be a very long time before he felt he deserved a place in either realm once again.
“Dean?”
“This, Cas.
And if he was going to have another breakdown about it, or scream to the heavens—to Jack—about how fucking unfair everything was? Then he was going to do it somewhere by himself. Somewhere he could let his misery and anger explode without hurting the others.
Curious. Delightful.
looked different. Sharper, brighter, hell... Cas was lit up with a blue glow surrounding him, radiating barely contained power.
Dean’s cry was not aloud for in that brief moment he was beyond speech. It flowed from his mind, through the binding grace, echoing bliss back to Cas in a circuit of angelic energy. He felt the warmth of Dean’s seed spilling out onto his abdomen, as his own physical vessel reacted in kind. The wind around them picked up into one final, violent gust then dropped out like a sigh. Somewhere in the distance unholy creatures howled, and then silence fell back over the land.
To see Dean Winchester’s face, smiling in profile as he drove his precious automobile down some endless highway. To enjoy dinnertime in the bunker with those who had become his second, chosen family.
“I’m an angel.”
“Take it. Take
“Yes. Sleep, Dean. You must take your rest.”
“Please don’t kill me for asking one last time, Dean. But you’re sure you want to go ahead with this.”
“It’s beautiful.” Dean swallowed, not trusting himself to say much more at the moment. He wasn’t gonna get all emotional about a field of freakin’
“Yeah, I’ll have the Western omelette, side of bacon, hash browns with onions,” Dean said.
“Balthazar, Gabriel and myself singing sea shanties to stay awake probably wasn’t helping the situation,” Cas had put in, a devious glint in his eyes.
Dean groaned, weary and unable to move. He didn’t care if his head was at the foot of the bed, his feet on Cas’s pillow. Cas crawled around to lay beside him, then collapsed as if the sex had rendered him near boneless, too.
Cas, the angel.
“I know, I know. This one showed up and said he would cure Sam but only if he could possess him while he healed himself from the Fall. He said his name is Ezekiel, if that means anything to you. He was the one who saved you, after April killed you. It wasn’t any bargain I made with her. He did it.”
“You’re right, this place is soaked in kitsune blood, plus some of ours. Guaranteed to attract scavengers soon.” Dean got to his feet and wiped his soiled hands on his jacket. “Which direction?”
“It’s not false if you don’t know for sure. Gonna promise you, if there’s any of it left, I’m gonna get it back for you.”
, and somehow it was the sexiest damn thing in the universe. He had a book in his hands and Dean asked, “Reading anything good?”
prayers. How did Dean not understand? This entire place overflowed with creatures who wanted Castiel dead. He had abused them all in his grab for power over Heaven. He had allowed the Leviathans free rein over Earth only to then trap them back in this realm of endless horror, violence and death.
“If we hit the road now, we should be in San Antonio by nightfall.” Dean brushed past his brother to get to the driver’s side door. Sam stopped him with a firm hand on his arm. Dean tried to brush him off but Sam only tightened his grip.
“Nothing, just...you really are incredible, you know that?” Dean bent down to untie his boots, taking them off without ever dropping his gaze from Cas. He undressed until he was naked, Cas fixated on him the entire time. Hell, it felt like there were a thousand eyes on him as he stripped, looking at him from every angle, devouring him with their gaze. Maybe there were. He’d seen the illustrations in ancient texts of what angels supposedly looked like in their true forms. They were all wings and eyes and spinning wheels of fire. He might only be getting a partial glimpse of Cas thanks to his blood, but what he could see was glorious.
movements became more urgent and swift, his control crumbling under angelic might and forbidden lust. His ocean eyes glowed with inhuman light and Cas’s entire body seemed to turn translucent with golden fire. Dean’s ears rang with what first was chaotic static but then returned to the beautiful ringing of those bells.
What did he and Sammy need with soulmates, anyway? They had each other. They were probably both gonna die sooner rather than later, even if they did stop the apocalypse from happening. It wouldn’t be fair to bring anyone into their lives expecting more.
“One sec.” Dean finished getting out of his own clothes, then slid back up until they could embrace body-to-body, skin-to-skin, at last. Desire was there—oh, there so strong and pulsing through them both, human and angel alike. But at this moment, Cas wanted this more than physical release.
for whom he had these feelings. The angel who was both fearsome and too fallible. Headstrong, yet self-sacrificing to a fault. An unknowable, ancient and alien entity who should have far better things, better
“Yeah. Hey, buddy. It’s me.”
Cas’s blue eyes sharpened their focus with sudden concern. “Dean?”
And Cas had been through so much recently. He hadn’t talked much about the details, but he’d mentioned calling on the other angels to help him, and instead they had captured him. Tortured him. Forced him to kill more of his brothers from Heaven to escape. That was another reason Dean hadn’t wanted to push him to use his grace, but...
It felt
(If there even
Cas cried out, grasping at the back of Dean’s head when he came as if on command. Dean swallowed down the hot and salty rewards for his efforts as best as he could, sucking and licking until Cas had gone utterly slack and spent against the bed.
That’s what he’d intended to do to Dean...but he supposed he wouldn’t protest letting things start out otherwise. He allowed Dean to guide him back onto the mattress and work on undoing his belt. Dean covered his stomach with tender kisses while he worked to finish undressing him, every touch of Dean’s lips, his hands, his fingertips sending sparks through Cas’s body.
“Tell me about it. And, listen, I got...we have a
“I’ve also seen your pornography collection.” A nip to his earlobe then, Cas’s hot breath making Dean’s skin tingle. “The things you like besides
Cas said to Jack, “Provided my main home can remain here, and I can come and go as I please...then yes. Yes.”
A second later, Dean gasped as light exploded behind his eyes.
“Thank you. Not just for this, but…”
naked. Again, though, his desire turned into care and tenderness when he saw more red gashes on Cas’s thighs. Dean lowered himself to press kisses on one angry mark on the inside of Cas’s left thigh, very close to his groin. Cas groaned and squirmed, even louder when Dean ran one hand up over the front of his boxers. He could feel the outline of a
He laid down, using Cas’s thigh as a pillow for his head. “Mind if I…?” he started, blinking up at Cas, asking permission only after the fact.
“What do you think? All of this. Everything.”
What he
Dean’s heart soared and he held onto Cas even tighter. But before he could even think to reply, sleep pulled him under, his body surrendering to much needed rest.
But Cas knew if he did that, Dean would not stop looking for him.
“You keep saying that as if I care, Cas. I spent
Cas sighed; perhaps it was time. He couldn’t run from both the Leviathans
“I don’t know.” Cas stared at the computer screen, looking frustrated. “There are too many choices. You pick something, Dean. You know what’s likely to be good.”
“Is that what your angel ears tell you?” Benny asked.
He didn’t know what time it was—these windowless, underground rooms in the bunker made it hard to keep track—but it didn’t matter. Nothing urgent was happening right now (well, besides the Darkness and what could be a brand new apocalypse to worry about. But, screw it, that could wait for another day. He wasn’t going to be able to save the world feeling like this.) At some point he’d crawl out of bed and jump in the shower, grab another ice pack for his face. That might help.
He chose a spot beneath Cas’s left clavicle, a place he always enjoyed granting attention. He made a slightly longer and heavier cut this time, toward the sternum as Cas’s responding whine spoke more of yearning than pain. Dean fell over it and licked hungrily. Drinking it in while Cas caressed him felt so gloriously intimate, and there was something both sacred and profane about the act. About having sex with and dirtying up this once-pure angel of the Lord.
him, warm and electric like when Cas would use his grace to heal. Cas’s eyes went wide. “
“All right.” Dean rolled his eyes. “So long as you promise to lay off the air quotes.”
“Maybe. But Chon and Roy, I very much enjoyed their relationship...they reminded me of us, in a way.”
“It seems we both have our answer to that.”
Nothing, however, amazed him quite as much as the fact that he was still somehow alive, at the end of it all. Alive, and when he woke up in the morning, he was no longer alone.
If they so wanted.
favorite Winchester,” Gabriel put in, “Where’s Sam? I’d like to give him a nice little surprise.”
Dean scratched at his shoulder—the place where Cas’s handprint remained. These days, he wished more than anything he could cut it away. What had once been the mark of his savior had become a constant reminder of betrayal. Where he had sometimes felt a comforting connection to the angel through it, now he felt a darkness, a foreboding sense of something malevolent and far too powerful. If he was drinking more than usual it might be because he was trying to numb himself out to those feelings that both hurt him and left him afraid.
Cas pulled away and got up only to grab a pillow from the top of the bed. He lifted Dean’s head gently to place it there, then settled back down, his own head in the crook of Dean’s neck.
Then Dean saw him, down near the other end of the barn. He rushed forward to where Cas lay slumped to the ground, hands cuffed to the metal bars of one of the milking stalls. Blood soaked his shirt front almost entirely red and ran down his pale forehead in long streaks from his scalp. “Cas!” Dean lifted the angel’s head, panicking when Cas didn’t immediately respond.
Cas sat down at the foot of a large tree, determined to make the call that this is where they would stop to rest—which to be honest he needed a bit himself. Not that he got tired in the human sense of requiring sleep and sustenance to keep going. But the fight and Dean’s healing had taken some effort, and he desired a bit of a recharge. He needed his ‘angel ears’ to stay on high alert for any monsters on their trail, and so that he’d be ready to fight—or heal—again as might be necessary.
Dean’s heart stopped. He blinked, certain he was hallucinating. But the body was still there. And his mind went haywire with dread, thinking
“Thank you.”
Dean needed far more than that.
Much as Cas had seared his mark on Dean’s remade flesh, Dean’s soul had somehow created an impression deep upon Cas’s very essence.
No, he couldn’t afford doubt. Dean had told him to stay alert, stay ready. But for how much longer?
She told her story to Sam, Dean and Cas two days later over coffee and excellent homemade apple cake. “They say it’s my father, Anton, angry that strangers are using the family land. If I don’t get rid of his ghost, I can’t get a farmer to stay here more than a few months at best. And if the land doesn’t remain an active farm, I can’t keep it in the state’s agriculture preservation program. My taxes will skyrocket and I’ll have to sell. But how can I sell a haunted farm? Small town like this, everyone knows each other’s business and makes sure word spreads around.”
Dean’s eyelids fluttered and his entire body seemed to quake. He blinked, slowly, one hand keeping him propped up while the other was in Cas’s hair. “You promise me that?”
“What?”
caused. And that...that hurts me far worse than what you did to me. Having that...reminder of my weakness, my madness...right in front of my eyes. I hate seeing you in pain under normal circumstances. To see you in pain due to my own actions...” Cas stopped and turned away.
love me,” Cas spat out, even as he wished he’d bitten his tongue. He’d heard Dean say it in his prayers. If there was anything that kept him awake, it was waiting, hoping, praying that he’d hear him say those words again.
Dean approached and before Cas could stop him, or even fully realize what he was doing, he had his hands on the bottom of Cas’s hoodie. He lifted it and the t-shirt beneath up so fast, Cas couldn’t stop him.
Not much in their arsenal would help them in that case, beyond a pair of spare angel blades they’d acquired thanks to Cas. They each took one of those. They had holy oil, too, if by any miracle they had the time to pour out a binding circle.
Dean kicked a rock down the road in front of him and let his thoughts get carried along by the sounds around him. Hearing the birds chattering and calling to each other reminded Dean of how Cas had always enjoyed listening to them, head tilted and eyes squinting in concentration as he did, lips sometimes curling in the hint of a smile.
And then the words he’d struggled to say for so long started tumbling out. “I love you, Cas.
It wasn’t any song like Dean listened to—nor the ‘pop’ Dean hated but of which Cas had grown fond. It was celestial, the singing of angels, Enochian music full of sound and fury.
Lost. That was an accurate description for how he felt, though not just at this moment. Lost was how he felt every day in this life he knew was not his own. Daphne’s voice drew him out of the fog of his clouded mind, but he could not look at her. His gaze remained fixed on the ceiling. Blank, white. Featureless.
“Better?” Cas asked.
Then she turned, taking off across the field with her two little ones close behind. Dean watched them run, until they disappeared into the woods at the other edge of the field.
And the more they did this, the more he took in Cas’s blood, the more he seemed able to perceive of his true form. To
This time was no different. The sensation started at the top of his head and spread down to his chest, his fingers, his toes. It came and went quickly, but he still found himself drawing in a sharp breath of surprise—and then letting it out with a deep sigh of relief when it was done.
Dean swallowed. “Would that revoke my Paradise pass?”
Because in Heaven, Dean could look upon the angel’s true-form without fear of burning his eyes out. He could marvel at his dizzying rings of eyes, staring back at him from every angle possible like a kaleidoscope of the deepest blues.
“I could be mistaken, but I had the impression that Chon and Roy were more, um...suited for that kind of...Sam explained this narrative concept to me recently…‘sub-text’?”
A silent exchange passed between the two, leaving Dean confused. “I…” Cas started, looking back and forth from Jack to Dean.
“You sneaky angel, you.”
Dean sat on the edge of the bed, rubbed his face with his hands. “I might not have been stuck in the Empty, but I’ve been feeling nothing
“All right. See you in the morning, then, unless I’m up with the munchies later on.”
I’m okay. He’s okay. We’re...we’ll be there in a little bit, alright? Just keep Balthazar away from the good whiskey. Okay, thanks.”
“They could have, and were certainly planning to. In time. But these weren’t deadly wounds. Just...exceptionally painful ones.”
, any longer, was a matter of some debate.
Cas put his blade on the nightstand and rubbed his face. “Born of necessity. Sleeping on the street, in the shelter I stayed at...I learned that I had to stay alert even when attempting rest.”
“Mm.” Cas pressed a soft kiss against Dean’s cheek, nuzzling his face and then breathing against his ear. It still felt so amazing to be able to
Because Dean’s feelings for Cas, well... They ran deeper than he generally allowed himself to admit. Deeper than he thought was safe to name, but difficult to ignore in the face of an almost naked angel.
Dean belonged to
“Come in, Dean.”
“I don’t like to.” It had been terrifying to need sleep when he’d been out on the streets, alone and so vulnerable. Several times he had woken up to others pawing him over, searching his pockets for anything they could steal. “But yes, I need sleep.”
“Work, or avoidance?”
Cas’s gaze narrowed at the sight of the two of them in close proximity. “Maybe you’re right. He tries anything, I’ll kill him myself.”
He let his hands drift up into Dean’s hair. Felt each strand winding through his fingers and he could count every one, if he wished. But knowing the number didn’t equal the knowledge of the sounds Dean made as Cas played with his hair, as he caressed and stroked as much of his body as he could.
He said nothing.
“Yes, but be quiet!”
For one man in particular.
“You smote the hell out of a bunch of them a few years back, if I recall.”
of them.”
All who might stand in the way of that? Needed to be eliminated.
Cas knew he couldn’t fight off or duck and run from it forever. It had never come at him this angry before. Did it sense...did it sense something stirring? Something happening, like Dean had promised it would?
“I’m fine,” Cas lied. “I rested a bit.” Also, no doubt, a lie. “But I was more concerned about you.”
“Can I bring my burrito?”
He released Dean only long enough to spit in his hand, create a little lubrication for his grip. A concentrated thought and he manipulated the saliva to be even more slick, less quick to evaporate, so he could keep up his caresses with more fluidity.
A very destructive and alcoholic one.
Bobby’s words echoed in Dean’s head as he drove down...whatever road this was. Heaven’s highway 101, he supposed, surrounded by nothing but green expanse and open skies.
“You’re certain?”
Dean felt the soothing touch of Cas’s fingers on his forehead and then that soft warmth blossoming within him, carrying him off to one of the most restful nights of sleep he’d ever known.
“Only thing I could think of. Be glad you hacked up that blood all over me.” Dean looked up to see Sam also rising to his feet, looking bewildered and dazed.
Dean could still hear a strange humming in his ears, feel the intense energy in the room. But it was a contented feeling and sound now, not unlike a cat’s purr...or maybe a dove’s soft cooing? When he could finally move enough to turn toward Cas, those rings of light were still there, circling his head and body. They had grown fainter and slower in their movements, his whole aura giving off nothing but satisfaction.
In response, he summoned every last bit of his grace, until he felt it threatening to burst through his construct of a vessel.
very distracting,” Cas confirmed, the playful look in his eyes returning.
“You know what happened that day.”
His first visit here had scared the fuck out of him. Now, he understood he existed in this plane only as his pure soul, light as a feather and bright as any star.
Dean hadn’t been above begging for it—for Cas, the one time Jack had actually come when Dean had prayed in anger and desperate tears to him.
But it wasn’t easy and he had to split his attention between the task at hand and willing his body to not get any ideas—and to stop thinking with his goddamn dick.
“You know I am. And c’mon, Sam, we can’t afford
Dean stopped and stammered, “I...I didn’t mean ‘Netflix and chill’, like, ‘
“I tried to help him, you know. But he insisted on doing everything himself. I did clean up the mess that was this kitchen once he was done with it.”
They sat in silence for some time, until Benny sighed, getting back up and stretching. “I ain’t too good at sittin' around, so I’ll take watch for a bit,” Benny said. “Walk about and make sure no one’s looking to get a jump on us.”
, but I’ve got some bad news, too.” Dean sat down next to Cas, looking at his hands, unable to meet Cas’s eyes. “I’m afraid you can’t stay here.”
As if Dean needed further instruction, the vision of what Cas wanted burst into his mind. Dean groaned around that cock in his mouth but forced himself to let go, just for a moment. He shifted on the bed as Cas did the same, until his feet were bumping the headboard and he felt Cas’s lips on his own erection, hot and wet and oh,
But it was never for long enough.
“Well, there’s also the matter of my wings not working as they used to,” Cas answered. “Wasn’t sure if the playground portal was still open...for me, or any other angels.”
“It’s alright. You certainly released an interesting group of characters when you blew out of the Empty. They’ve been keeping me occupied.”
Charlie. Just hearing her name sent a pang of guilt through Dean. He almost put back the pie, thinking he didn’t deserve any of it, but then changed his mind. Maybe he could get Cas to eat a little, too. Not that he needed it, but Dean sometimes got a kick out of hearing Cas describe the molecular taste of his favorite foods.
Fucking witches.
“Right. Yeah. Also just...times we were all together here as a family. You, me, Sam...Charlie. Or with Jack, and mom...we did have some good times, didn’t we? But it could have been more. I...I dunno. I kept thinking of all the times it could have been better. All the ways I could’ve said or done more. But I would have taken what we had, in a Heaven-made remix, over being alone here for however many years before something took me out.”
“Have you seen her there? Are you sure?”
But the Empty wasn’t Heaven. It wasn’t a ‘memorex of your greatest hits’ as Dean had once said. It was a place where those best memories became twisted into regret and sorrow the deeper you went, until it grew ever more difficult to claw your way back out.
“Incredible? Told ya.”
“And maybe...maybe Dean’s made me a little better in the process, you know? All the time I’ve spent here, these last couple months have...made me reevaluate things. Like what I’d want to do if I
The position was so comfortable. Dean could sense Cas actually relaxing more, too. He would love to fall asleep like this...but he didn’t want to miss the end of the movie, either.
Dean blinked. Cas’s voice—loud in his ears, in his mind—pulled him back from
“He’ll find it,” Cas said, raising a single eyebrow such that Dean had to laugh.
“You’re right,” Sam agreed. “Though that means I’m gonna owe her that date I promised and you know she’s going to collect sooner rather than later.”
“Does that bother you?”
He was going to ask if he could kiss him again, not sure how Cas would feel about it, but Cas saved him the trouble by reaching up to pull Dean’s lips to his own. Indeed, his tongue seemed greedy to savor Dean’s mouth, the taste of himself there, and he hummed a little as he pulled back. “Wanted to know what I tasted like on your lips.”
“Damn it.” Dean grabbed the dustpan and brush to sweep up the mess. This wasn’t good. He couldn’t afford to be this sloppy. Next time it might be something far worse than a plate that ended up shattered—especially if they had a hunt coming up. He finished straightening up the kitchen, turned off the lights, and headed to where he knew he needed to go next.
“No, Cas, this is no dream. This is real, you’re home. We brought you home. Me, Sam, and Claire.”
Cassie had been his first love.
Castiel had no time to argue with the human. He grabbed him by the shoulder with one hand while the other slashed out at a demon charging their way. Dean hissed at Castiel’s touch but then grasped at his waist, the angel taking flight without warning.
“Dean, please…I’m…”
So he didn’t answer; they’d gone through this charade enough times already. It tended to piss off the Empty even more if he didn’t stand up for himself, didn’t respond to the baiting—no matter how vicious its verbal attacks might become.
“Fine, Mister Grumpy. Whatever.” Dean grabbed one of the threadbare hotel face cloths and ran it under the warm water. He wished he’d snagged a few extra towels from Sam’s room because this could get messy, and bloody. He’d have to leave housekeeping a big tip when they checked out.
the one dreaming, or did I just hump an angel to orgasm out in the middle of an empty field?” he wondered aloud, feeling giddy
They both were going to be okay.
“Yeah, Sammy, we are. Her great-grandpa’s spirit should be toast. I’ll call and tell her that. If she’s still having problems we’ll send some other hunters. I don’t even know if that stuff about dad was some kind of bullshit made up by Nanael to bring us here.” Dean shifted his grip on Cas so that he was more settled. “So you just drive. Get us the hell outta here, somewhere we can take care of Cas.”
Dean swallowed, convinced he was
Some day, perhaps, they could work on that.
“If you wish, yes.”
off.”
Clusters of tiny wild, white daisies. Sporadic bursts of blue cornflowers. But most prominent were the black-eyed Susans—countless numbers of them, turning the meadow into a carpet of gold.
Angels never received soulmarks, because angels had no souls. Their only devotion was to God and Heaven, not to another individual—angelic, human, or otherwise.
“I guess we should get back home now,” Dean said with reluctance.
And then Cas made a slight face, shifting his hips beneath Dean. “I am sticky,” Cas said.
Cas decided to save them both the trouble and time. As energized as he was now feeling, the mere suggestion was enough to manifest their clothes
And then they waited some more.
“Cas, I may not get all this angel-versus-human stuff, but it makes sense to me. And don’t forget, you’re not an angel anymore. You’re human.”
After two hours’ work Dean felt he had enough to get Cas by so he wouldn’t end up lost and penniless on the streets—again.  Dean headed back to his room, entering without knocking in case Cas was asleep. Indeed, while he’d left the lights on, Cas was clearly out cold on Dean’s bed and even snoring a little bit. No doubt everything had caught up with him, and Dean was glad to see him resting.
“So God really has left the building, huh?”
Fuck it.
Flying, that was what it felt like. Leaving his body, letting go of the weight and burden of it all to soar on currents of indescribable ecstasy. Cas had told him that their lovemaking was as close as he felt to being able to fly again. Dean began to understand what bliss that must be.
Dean’s love and attention seemed to be fueling him and giving him more angelic strength than he’d felt in some time—since when Jack had first reached out to him through Kelly’s hand in his own.
“Oh hell yeah.” Dean lifted his head, grinning lopsidedly as if he were drunk. “I had a feeling getting fucked by you would be something else, but I never thought it would be
Dean would likely find him before that was possible.
A long pause followed, and then, “Dean…?”
when you do that! How many times haven’t I—oh.” Dean blinked. They certainly weren’t in Kansas anymore. It had been early afternoon back home and now it was nighttime. They were on a bridge over water shimmering with lights from beautiful, majestic old buildings along both sides.
Cas hesitated before returning to sit on the edge of the bed, this time closer to Dean. “I do understand why you wouldn’t let me heal you last night. You think you deserve to suffer after what you did before. To me. When you had the Mark.”
Cas nodded in understanding but clasped Dean’s hand. “I would love to help, Jack, but...I assume you would need me close by. And right now my place is here, with Dean.”
“I’ll help,” Claire said. “Nothing else to do right now, is there?”
, Cas…” Then he was shuddering, gasping at the force of Cas pressing against him, pushing inside. Pleasure skittered along the knife’s edge of agony from being stretched further than should be possible, until Dean couldn’t help but cry out for mercy.
“And that’s a sacrifice you’re willing to make.” Sam fixed him with a pained expression, but Dean was not about to waver in his resolve.
kind of hangover.
Cas paled. “I don’t care to remember those days.”
Yeah, it was all pretty fucking unbelievable.
the bells sang.
Dean fled before he had to look at either of them again. If he was going to break down and lose it, he wasn’t going to do it here.
to get out of his jeans—immediately. He wanted Cas fully naked, too. He forced himself to pull away to finish undressing as Cas did the same. When they were done Cas took the initiative and pulled Dean down, rolled him over. His wings rose and stretched out from his back, reaching to the corners of his room and still not fully unfurled. Dean took in the sight of them with lustful appreciation. They were still ragged and bare in many places, and yet...
“Okay, I promise. See you both soon.” And Jack was gone, leaving Dean alone with Cas again.
“Angels in overcoats. I dig it!” Batman wandered off, leaving Cas frowning in confusion.
had just happened. Cas looked at him with wide eyes and Dean felt equally stunned.
Benny snorted. “Nah, brother, you just snore too damn loud.” Dean replied to him with a blown kiss and a raised middle finger.
“Not quite, since I lost much of my grace.”
Of course he was.
But once he’d realized what they’d overlooked, he’d wasted no more time in rushing to his brother with his idea.
As he startled to alertness, confusion immediately clouded his brain again. What the hell had happened to him? Why did he hurt so bad?
“Yeah, yeah, to play our roles as meatsuits for Michael and Lucifer.” Dean grimaced.
Dean had barely had the chance to live, once and for all free of Chuck’s control, when a dumb mistake had snuffed out his life. A fucking rookie move. But robbed of the one individual with which he’d desired to spend his life, it had hardly seemed worth going on, anyway.
Because for a time after the bright light faded, an after-image lingered. Cas looked different.
Cas blinked, sleep clearing from his eyes and panic turning into concern. “Dean? Oh. I’m so sorry.”
“Yes, Dean. It is.” There was relief in finally admitting it. Cas hated keeping secrets from Dean, even when he’d deemed it necessary.
Well, Cas had long ago soiled up that purity, dented his halo all on his own. And screw a God who had screwed them both over so many times. Let them get filthy, do vulgar and indecent things together and
“You think that bothers me?”
No good.
Dean made a muffled noise and Cas stopped, pulling back in concern. “Am I hurting you?” he asked apologetically, taking in the strange beauty of Dean’s wet, swollen lips. He sometimes forgot his strength compared to the human. His emotions
She’d of course been more than amenable—insisting on not merely giving Dean some of her blood in advance but being there for the ritual itself. And now the dungeon was ready. Purified, sanctified, blessed. They’d employed every possible method they could find to welcome angels and ward off demons (for they didn’t want to end up summoning the wrong thing—or things—while they were at it. That’s why they’d use the most secure space they had access to, just in case, besides the fact that it was the place from which Cas had been taken.) Dean, Sam and Claire had gone through their own purification regimens for the past week, cleansing their bodies, clearing their minds, writing down and concentrating on the goal of their spell-work to come.
“Sam does have the hair for it,” Cas said, with a small smile that made Dean laugh.
Merely being
” as he had once said. Ready to die, over and over again, and he made Dean feel so small and unworthy of that blind devotion sometimes.
“Sam will arrive by noon, and you’d be better off working this job without me.” Cas looked around the diner, caught more nervous glances. The energy in the entire room was tense. Fearful. “These people...they recognize me.”
much like Dean there was a part of Cas that still ached to reach out and touch it. Yet its body-language, the way it stood, the way it walked around Cas, was off enough to repulse him instead. To make him angry.
, Dean.”
Cas’s hands slid down to the bottom of Dean’s t-shirt—the only thing he was wearing along with his boxers, so that made undressing go a
Dean managed enough energy to put his arm around Cas, to keep him close. This was seriously nuts. He couldn’t believe it. They were snuggling together in bed, in a crappy motel, after a pissed-off angel had nearly killed them both,
His tenderness and aches were gone. He could feel the swelling on his face disappearing. His chest and back no longer hurt when he spoke or drew in too deep of a breath. Cas seemed relieved, too, though now he looked even more tired than before.
“Cas...
Cas gripped at Dean’s shirt, lifting them both to their feet. Dean gasped as the glow surrounding Cas expanded and then coalesced into two tremendous, blue-black appendages stretching out from his back. They were so large they were unable to unfurl properly in the cramped bathroom space. Dean swallowed, both awe-struck and saddened. They were the remnants of Cas’s wings, tattered and bare in places save clusters of feathers still clinging on.
He heard the truck door open and slam shut, Cas’s feet crunching the gravel of the road. He came up to stand beside Dean, saying nothing, waiting for Dean to break the silence.
“Dean, Cas is—”
It was a surprising gesture, much as his earlier one had been, lying down over Cas’s leg. But Purgatory, the angel had noticed, had made Dean a lot freer about expressing himself.
Only to find the unending, intolerable nothingness once again.
. “Cas, I’m sorry. If you’re still up for it, you can go ahead, do it. Heal me. Or just the worst of it, ’cause I don’t want to tap out your grace when you’re only beginning to recover.”
discomfort to get that blood he craved.
“If you’re not entirely sure, then maybe he didn’t. If you didn’t see him do it, there’s a chance at least some of it is, right?”
“But then I would hear you and I’d realize I’d been dreaming. It would shatter the illusion of whatever dark memory or vision filled my nightmares and I...I would be awake again. In the dark, in the endless nothingness, but at least I was awake. And that was better than the visions in my head. Holding out and hoping to hear your voice again.”
one touch that. That was
“Good. Then I’ll get out of here; too many angels in one place makes me itchy.”
“And they all abandoned me as soon as they learned I’d stolen another angel’s grace. When I wouldn’t kill you because I knew you were acting under the corrupting influence of the Mark.”
“No, no. I...oh.” Cas grabbed onto Dean’s lower back, right above his ass, bucking up harder against him. “
Cas hummed, and after a moment started walking out into the meadow.
Cas...didn’t.  Not entirely. Or maybe he did, deep down inside, but it was one of those things he tried carefully not to acknowledge. Benny took off at a leisurely place, humming a soft tune to himself as he disappeared into the murky forest.
Cas knew that to be a lie.
, so damn much, you damn self-sacrificing idiot. Not like a brother or, or a part of our family—though you are that, to me and to Sam. But I love you in a way that I can’t imagine my life without you. All the shit we’ve been through, all the good and bad, the mistakes we’ve both made…I can’t imagine feeling this way, ever, about
to ease away his body’s instinct to tense up.
“I killed a man when it wasn’t my place to do so. I was a monster.”
“I don’t understand,” Dean said, shaking his head. The after-images, these strange effects? They were lingering longer this time, though already starting to dim again.
“And we thought it didn’t work,” Dean said, “when it didn’t bring you back to where we were casting the spell in the bunker, where you...where you’d been taken.”
“It seems that way.”
“Lie down, let me take care of you.”
together, bonded in grace and blood, in faith in each other.
He didn’t exhale until the spiraling feeling subsided enough to stop clutching onto Cas for dear life (as if that mattered when you were already dead.) He opened his eyes and all he could see were colors and light. This was the astral plane, where normally only angels could go. The colors slowly solidified into amorphous shapes, like gaseous nebulae in the night sky. Dean felt himself enveloped in the safety of Cas’s grace, a blue glow around his own now illuminated, translucent form.
“Cas…”
There was nowhere else he could ever imagine wanting to be more.
“Venice, Italy. I always wanted to show you this. And so many more places.” He put an arm around Dean’s waist, placed a kiss on his cheek. “Sam isn’t the only Winchester who deserves to see the world, Dean. The world you helped save, so many times over.”
that, after so many years of longing. “I would like nothing more than to undress and hold you tight right now. Hold you and begin to truly show you the extent of my love and sexual desire for you.”
Whatever it was, they had reached a tipping point. Dean’s eyes fixed on a long gash on Cas’s forehead, one that was still leaking blood down to his cheek and jaw. He could have used the washcloth, but instead Dean cradled Cas’s head in his hands and leaned in to kiss the wound. It was as if something had told him his lips might heal these wounds that his hands and medical supplies simply couldn’t.
Sam threw up his hands and Claire shrugged, then asking, “When and what’s for dinner?”
Sometimes Dean’s prayers filled him with new regrets when he heard the pain in his words, his voice. Even so, they remained his tether to the reality beyond this void. The one thing that kept him from letting go. Dean had told him they had defeated Chuck, that Jack had ascended to take his place. He had promised that they were working on a way to bring him back now that the world wasn’t in immediate danger any longer.
Dean moved with the confidence of knowing exactly what he wanted. What he needed. It was mesmerizing to watch him riding Cas with such assurance. He had the same animalistic grace while fornicating that he did when battling monsters and demons—he was pure carnal beauty at work, brutal and swift. He clearly wanted to control this encounter and Cas let him, for now, for this was another lesson in passion, in humanity. Another lesson in the language of Dean.
, he was naked and making out with
Castiel had once thought of his father, God, as infallible. He knew that he’d been in error. God had allowed his children, both the angels and the humans, go astray. Now Castiel would have to fix what he’d left broken. He’d retake Heaven and Earth and then claim Dean Winchester as his prince to serve beside him.
And Cas made love to him here in Heaven, either way. They’d lay tangled and spent in the sheets of Dean’s bed, in the house that was finally his to call home. Or Cas would carry him into the astral plane where his soul entwined with Cas’s grace and they’d soar together among the stars.
“I liked it. Very much.”
Some day, some other place. But not here.
New life began to sprout wherever those tendrils of grace crept, green and glorious. Growing, stretching toward the sun, foliage opened and reached up as if to embrace the light of day in joyous praise and glory. It began where they stood and then rippled out to the furthest reaches of the meadow, past the windmill, all the way to the treeline in the distance.
He let Dean tug off his coat and jacket, barely disengaging from their kisses as he did so. The garments joined the mess on the floor, soon followed by Dean’s flannel and t-shirt. He enjoyed Dean’s hands, fumbling to unbutton his dress shirt, and then the first touch of Dean’s fingers on his bare chest were enough to make him suck in air.
That, and Dean didn’t want to leave Cas’s side, not even for a second. “This is getting to be a bad routine,” Dean said, still clutching Cas against him.
“Not an angel any longer. But I meant, someone in a male vessel. Or body.”
Dean couldn’t help himself at that moment. He moved even closer so he could be right up against Cas. And when Cas didn’t seem to mind, he rested his head, slightly, against the angel’s shoulder. He wasn’t sure what was compelling him, but after everything he’d been through—everything
him. Yet fear had always stopped him. Fear that Cas would leave him again, fear that he’d be left alone.
But he was a soldier. He’d fought many battles. He would not let humanity defeat him when he’d stood victorious over everyone from demons to archangels. “You must do what you have to, to save Sam’s life.”
“How did...when did you learn how to do that so well?” Dean wanted to know when Cas finally let him up for air again. “And don’t you dare tell me it was The Pizza Man.” Dean remembered that dark-haired angel who seemed all too entranced with Cas, back when he was commanding his angel army. “That Hannah chick give you lessons?”
Only even more so, thanks to Jack and the seismic strength of their bond, their love.
Cas  touched him gently on the shoulder and urged, “Go back to sleep, Dean. I’ll stay on guard.”
“For Cas? Hell, yes. And you’d better be willing to let me do it. Cas didn’t consult me about making his deal, and then deciding to sacrifice himself like he did. So if we can’t pull him out and I have to dive into the Empty to find him and kick his ass, figure our way out together, then that’s exactly what I’m going to do.”
It sucked to be dead.
He sighed, reminding himself life had never been fair. Maybe free will had been nothing but an illusion from the start. Maybe Cas the only one who’d managed to break the bonds of destiny, of a shitty writer using them all as puppets to act out his perverse little fantasies.
. That was…” Dean wanted to say “hot”, but instead he settled for, “that kinda blew me away.”
The last Leviathan, also weakened by the blast, scurried off in quick retreat. Cas was certain it wouldn’t be the last he’d see of him, but at least this one wasn’t foolish enough to try to attack a seraph on his own.
“Me too, Cas.” He knew things weren’t perfect. There was so much ahead of them. So many battles remaining to fight. On top of that, he had to worry about keeping Cas safe until they could find whatever was left of his grace and restore it.
.” Dean dropped his head into the crook of Cas’s neck, sighing and seeming to struggle with what he wanted to say. “It’s not that I don’t like men...male vessels. Whatever. I just never...I was scared. About what that meant, how others—my dad, for one...so I...guess I’m trying to say this is new and kind of scary for me. Never mind the fact that you’re a freakin’ bazillion year old bad ass motherfucking
Had Bobby meant it literally? Cas, out of the Empty, here in Heaven? Or had he meant it in the sense of Cas having helped raise Jack, instilling in him these ideas, a need to remake the afterlife?
“Where you goin’?”
Dean still paused as he picked up a spoon. “This is a lot of soup. Sure you don’t want some yourself?”
Dean smiled, trying not to get emotional—but knowing it was okay to do so now, if he wanted. It was okay to laugh, to cry, to love. To love Cas, his family, and this life they could now build together.
Cas frowned. “I should go.”
That, too, he’d been unable to remove with his grace. Its seeming permanence made no sense.
Cas let out a deep laugh of his own. “I am.”
“Nothing important, but...I’ve been driving for too long and I need someone to talk to if I’m gonna stay awake. Do you mind?”
“Cas…?”
“Because this is a male vessel I possess. And you only have intercourse with women.”
“Is that what we’re now calling this?”
Cas stood there, struck dumb. Was it possible? Could he really be an angel with a soul?
that he knew, that he could remember. Then again, what he sometimes caught flashes of in his mind terrified him.  He wondered if he would be better off not pushing too hard to regain his past identity.
But could sense this entire situation was troubling his friend.
save the world.
“Don’t be afraid...never be afraid of me, Dean. I’d never hurt you, not like before. I learned my lesson about abusing too much power.” He lifted his hands to Dean’s face. “But being an angel is who I am. Especially when it means I can protect you, and give to you everything you deserve.”
Dean felt more alive right now than he could remember. He needed to come and he wanted to make Cas come, too. He let his lips wander to Cas’s right ear, licking at the lobe then nibbling it with his teeth, which made Cas cry out and thrust up against him.
“I understand. But what if...what if it was easier to get back and forth for you? At any time.”
Dean, still not quite understanding, grew concerned as Jack reached his hand out toward Cas’s forehead. Cas squeezed Dean’s hand and said, “Shield your eyes, Dean.”
Dean looked up to meet Cas’s eyes and noted his single raised eyebrow, a spark of his sassy, occasionally bitchy self there in the set of his mouth. That relieved Dean, let him know Cas was going to be okay, so Dean allowed himself a small smile in response. He got up to fetch the bottle of alcohol he’d brought in from the car and poured some on a couple cotton balls. He had no idea if antiseptic agents would do anything to help angel blade wounds, but he figured it couldn’t make things worse. “Guess your family’s as much of a freak show as mine is.”
“Look, we hung around to make sure no one with a grudge sent him straight back,” Balthazar said. “Plus I figured his boyfriend would come along soon enough...and I wasn’t wrong, was I?”
How dare this
He took the blade in hand again, tracing it lightly over Cas’s chest without piercing skin. He marked out runes with the tip as he debated, enjoying the look of wantonness growing on Cas’s face—blown pupils, parted lips.
Cas chuckled, a wonderful, resonant sound that twisted Dean all up inside when it fell so close to his ear. “She wanted to—though mostly out of curiosity, trying to understand my fondness for humanity. I wasn’t interested. I haven’t...not with anyone since the reaper who killed me.”
So he waited, every moment he was awake, to hear that voice again.
“That’s what Naomi said to me, the last time I saw her. She said I must have ‘come off the line’ with a crack in my chassis.”
“Close?” Dean punctuated his question with a long lick down Cas’s length, then kisses into the soft hair at its base.
“Back at our bunker. And you’re welcome,” Dean said.
your prayers, Dean.”
“Okay.”
“Mm, sleep. Sleep then round two?” Dean suggested.
“Bite me.”
him, until the last shreds of what had been Castiel sank into the murk and drowned. Angelic voices would turn from song to the cries of war, until he found himself alone on a battlefield of countless broken vessels and wings burned into the ground.
. He could describe the electromagnetic waves that created the friction felt by Dean’s touch, but it was the way his soul brushed against Cas’s grace that left him shivering.
beet red now. “Um. If I’m Roy, then I thought that was
Last night his best friend had nearly pummeled him to death until they forced Rowena to break her attack-dog spell. Now Dean felt like he’d gone twelve rounds with the Incredible Hulk—Bruce Banner jacked up on mega-witch mojo or something.
It had been one too, too brief moment of pure paradise. But it was all Cas could risk, here in this place, here where he could not slowly caress and embrace Dean as he wished he could, for hours or days or however long they could endure.
The motel room smelled like stale cigarette smoke and too much air freshener. It wasn’t the cleanest Dean had ever seen, but they were likely to leave it a lot worse after fixing themselves up. He led Cas to the bathroom, then flicked on the lights and kicked down the toilet lid.
Sam gave him a knowing smirk. Dean felt himself growing red. “I swear!”
Especially when he finally had a life really worth living.
He’d saved Dean from this same fate, for Billie had sworn to send Dean to the Empty as well, not Heaven. And Dean deserved Heaven when he died, which would hopefully not be for a very long time.
“Yeah. Yeah, I know you would.” Dean sighed. Would he ever feel worthy of this devotion? He lifted his head to enjoy Cas’s face once more, to trace his fingers over those lips until Cas smiled again for him.
Because the only person he wanted to see wasn’t there. He was gone and Dean had failed to bring him back.
thank God. He hated being reminded of it, of everything that he’d done while under the Mark’s influence. But he especially hated remembering how close he’d come to killing Cas.
Yet every time the man’s identity skirted at the edges of his perception, he would lose the thread of that memory. Was it all just a dream or vision? Visions of the future, of someone he had yet to meet?
“Not without you. What are these cuffs, Enochian?” Dean looked at the script on them and saw how similar they looked to ones they had at the bunker. “We’re dealing with another angel, right?” Dean’s mind was racing on how he could free Cas as fast as possible and get them all out of there.
Cas sat next to Dean, and reached to hold onto his clasped hands where they rested in his lap. “Dean, we have both and
“Yeah, but come on, Sam. How many times have we dealt with something like this before? We confirm it’s a ghost and not some other freak of the week. Find the bones, salt ’em and burn ’em. Wait around long enough to make sure we got the right one and that there aren’t any other belongings or remnants tying it to Earth.” Dean shrugged. “Barely worth driving all the way to New York when we could send plenty of closer hunters.”
Cas shuddered under his touch and that kiss, placing his hands flat against Dean’s chest as if to stop him. But as Dean pulled away slightly, he licked his lips and tasted the angel’s blood on them.
The film started off kind of cheesy, but there were some decent laughs, and after a while Dean became increasingly invested in the story. Cas seemed to be enjoying it, too, in his quiet and studious way. By the time they got to the barroom brawl scene, Dean was definitely enjoying himself, too. He glanced over, happy to see Cas smiling with his eyes bright at the silliness of it all. Brighter than they’d been in too long.
“You look good enough to eat, Cas. Suddenly I’m hungry again.”
“Yeah, I got this,” Dean assured him.
Dean had pointed to the handprint on his jacket.
“Not unless I absolutely have to. I love this land, all the memories I have of growing up here, of my dad out in the fields. I’d take over farming it myself, but with my own health issues I’m simply not up for it.” She’d explained to them how she’d only recently gone into remission after surgery and radiation treatment for melanoma. Being outside in the sun for many hours a day while she was still recovering was ill-advised by her doctors. “I’m in a real fix here, boys. That’s why I was so glad when I found some old papers in my father’s things. That letter from my aunt, mentioning how a ‘John Winchester’ had saved them from a spirit haunting the house she and her husband had just bought. It took me a while to track down a contact, but eventually that got me in touch with Garth. And then he called you.”
Because this was Dean.
“I don’t know.” Dean fidgeted, fisting his hands into his jacket pockets. He knew Cas wouldn’t accept that for an answer, but neither would he probe Dean’s mind for the truth. He pondered it for a time, looking out at the neglected field. “I guess it’s one more place—one more thing—I wanted to put behind me...
“Or corn? Different recipes also suggested peas. But I’ve never seen you eat a pea. Only flick them at Sam if they were on your plate at the diner.”
He couldn’t hurt Claire, not when she had lost so much as well.
Just on basic principle.
“It’s great, really.” Sure there were some pieces of chicken skin floating amidst the pasta and clumsily cut-up meat, giving the soup a bit of an oily film. And when Dean got to one of the carrots, it took a few bites to get through its undercooked center. With his split lip, chewing too much wasn’t pleasant, so he thought it best to stick with softer things, smaller mouthfuls. He picked up a handful of saltine crackers and crumbled them on top, feeling Cas’s eyes watching him. The salt from the crackers did the trick in correcting the taste, though it was still kind of awkward having Cas fixated on every spoonful of soup he swallowed.
They returned to the bunker to find things...well. Cas could tell immediately that Dean was
“Castiel?”
Cas did, and this place finally felt like Heaven after all.
“She wasn’t as ‘hot’ as you are.”
“You show up looking like that and there ain’t gonna be no doubt what we were up to.”
Dean turned his head to nestle it more firmly into the crook of Cas’s neck. “I missed you.” His rough voice was barely above a whisper and his lips brushed Cas’s skin as he spoke.
To Dean himself.
strange things, sometimes. Lights on in the barn when no one should be inside. I’ve found animal carcasses and bones, strange markings on the walls or in the dirt... Other weird occurrences, but for all I knew it was local kids goofing around late at night, playing with the occult. Kids ’round here get into that stuff after listening to too much Black Sabbath. If there is a real ghost or spirit, it’s mostly left me alone.”
“Cas, before anything else, uh...you gotta tell me one thing, okay? Tell me the truth, one hundred percent, you understand?”
When that happened during a hunt, Dean noticed his reactions were more on point as well. He could sense a demon’s presence without seeing its black eyes. Could smell a werewolf or a vampire from a surprising distance away. He didn’t want to come to rely on it, but he couldn’t help but appreciate the gift beyond sexual gratification that this had become.
It was also cool not having to worry about ganking demons or vamps or any other monsters. Not having to sleep with a gun under his pillow for the first time he remembered. If he got bored and wanted to “play” hunter, he could ring up Charlie. She was often in the mood for some first-person-shooter (or slice-and-dice) fun, video games you walked into like they were the real thing.
And Dean had sealed it with a kiss.
But Dean knew they’d be lucky to get more than a few days. So they’d have to make the most of it.
“Dude, friggin’
“Charlie, I can fly us wherever, when necessary.”
need to be ready if something we’re not expecting comes through. Or to seal the rift up again in case we somehow get sucked up into the Empty and can’t make it back.”
Cas pulled back, dropping his head to press his forehead against Dean’s, his breathing turning heavy. “Cas…?” Dean asked, nervous he’d somehow done something wrong.
. So long as he was here and alive, and promised Dean no more dumb-ass deals with cosmic entities.
“Yes, thank you, Dean, and Castiel—I suppose,” Balthazar greeted them with a wry if wary smile. “I’d raise you a toast but I’m a bit empty-handed at the moment. I’d also kick your ass, Cas, but I guess I’ll let the past slide...For now. I get the feeling I may have been better off missing the last few years of nasty business.”
“Where are you?”
Defeating God himself while also raising the new God—who was technically the son of Satan.
Dean turned to head back to the road, back home to the bunker where the others were waiting for him. He paused, hearing a rustling in the woods not far from where he stood. His right hand instinctively went for the gun he always carried.
“It’s more than that. I feel...it’s wild.” Kind of like how Dean had felt after that vampire infected him once, but without the accompanying dark urges. Beyond, well, the urges to do certain things to Cas. “Some kind of crazy high and it sharpens
“So you wouldn’t be able to, say, look at someone, even someone you knew pretty well, and know if they had one or not? Or who that soulmate might be?”
He sometimes forgot the strength that Cas possessed, even with his grace weakened these days. Rowena’s spell had turned him into a relentless killing machine—and had almost killed Cas himself in the process.
“On one condition.”
“Not your fault. But we might have to go back to grounding you at the bunker if these assholes are determined to keep coming after you.”
Cas opened his mouth to say something, but thought better of it. It had been three days now since their reunion on the river bank, and he still hadn’t figured out what exactly Dean and Benny’s relationship entailed—nor did he especially want to know the details. To think about it too much was to twist him up in a way he’d learned to identify as jealousy, and he did not care for it. Dean dropped his arm and seemed desperate to get even a few minutes of rest, so Cas vowed to stay as still as possible, to let him enjoy it.
“We should talk about this.”
“Because they’re a bunch of weak-ass pussies who can’t think for themselves like you do. You did what you needed to do, to survive. Ain’t no shame in that. You’ve told me that enough times, when I couldn’t deal with the guilt of what I’d done in Hell. Or when I had the Mark.”
“Well,
That booming, sonorous sound, again, in his head as well as his ears as he started licking and sucking, tasting more of Cas and wanting to give him all the pleasure in the world. Dean sucked him down and tried to take him all in as he began stroking himself. He wanted to wait but he was so coiled up with need inside he didn’t think he could. He felt like a tightly wound spring about to explode.
Dark-haired. In a beige trench coat.
“I’ve wanted you to do that for a very long time.”
It might not have been how he’d imagined it, but it was still more than he’d ever envisioned it could be.
Real Leviathan or just another torturous form, he knew this creature, this nameless entity, could reappear in front of him once more at any time. And it did, this time, oozing up from the dark void, laughing, still wearing that grotesque, corrupted visage of Dean.
And then Gadreel had made Dean kick Cas out.
“Still no idea whose hand this is?” Daphne asked.
But the universe was a place of ever-revealing endless mysteries. And at least he wasn’t dead.
Human emotions. Human-shaped. Even so, Cas didn’t think it made him human
Dean lifted his eyes to see a spark of mischief in Cas’s eyes. “You flirting with me, Cas? Damn, you are a fast learner.”
brought nothing but tragedy and sorrow to Jimmy Novak’s family and yet
I needed to stop, but I...I
“This is a trap,” Sam warned. They’d driven to the barn and parked a short distance away. The lights were on in the lower section with the milking stalls but otherwise all was quiet, no signs of activity.
going with Cas. He didn’t like lying to his brother (again), but if Zeke was so worried about Cas’s presence? It seemed prudent to keep his location a secret from as many people—and angels—as possible. “He’s worried about the other angels coming after him if he stays here, since so many of them know he works with us.”
“I want to make you happy,” Cas answered.
couldn’t be right. “Didn’t you also once tell me that only soulmates got to share their Heavens?”
Dean wanted Cas and loved Cas, either way. But it was really fucking awesome to have a bad-ass angel for his lover. Definitely something that got him bragging rights at the Roadhouse on almost any given night. Or not-night. Whatever it was. Again, time was weird. He’d been here forever and yet it often felt like this was the very first day of his afterlife.
“Ready?”
“Felt good?”
with you?” Dean asked, turning back to Cas.
Cas fell over Dean again, capturing his mouth for kisses deeper and more passionate than before. Dean let every one of his five senses become filled by Cas—the weight of his physical
.” Cas waited for Dean to clarify. He put his burrito on Dean’s desk as suddenly his stomach was seizing up in uncomfortable cramps, his appetite gone.
Cas ducked her swinging blade and then tripped her—no, the entity—to the ground. He focused once again on the sound, now building to a palpable energy point, a wavelength vibrating through his very essence and core.
Dean tried not to think about Cas being close to naked as he sat on the edge of the bathtub to get a good look at his injuries.
Others would bow down at the sound of an angel commanding them. This one just rolled his eyes and said, “Listen, asshole, you want a piece of me you can take your turn—
you, Cas. I can hear you. The
Cas closed his eyes and placed his hand upon the ground. A golden glow spread from his fingertips into the dirt, creeping slowly outward like roots from an ancient tree.
Could this man be his soulmate?
Cas rolled his eyes Heavenward and went on, “
“Well, maybe you do, Cas! Have a soul, I mean. Have you ever considered that? Maybe you were always the exception to that rule. Maybe that’s why...why you rebelled against your orders, over and over again. Why that bitch Naomi had to keep reprogramming you or whatever nasty shit she did to you. Because
All too soon, though, the credits started to scroll down the screen and the film was over. Dean hadn’t moved from his comfy spot except to sip from his beer, the pie long forgotten in the comfort of Cas’s light embrace. Dean stretched now, glad to be able to do so without pain assaulting him. “So,” he said, putting his empty beer bottle on the nightstand and turning to Cas. “What’d ya think?”
Cas didn’t taste, or feel, or experience the senses the same way that mortal beings did—yet the more time he spent in this body, the more he began to understand these things. Know them in a learned way, picking up on feedback from the humans around him.
Dean didn’t know. Nor did he care.
love you back?”
“Again and again I find myself asking,
He waited for the hammer to fall. He must have done something wrong. He always did.
“Nothing.” Dean gave him one last, gentle kiss, feeling Cas’s smile even if he couldn’t see it in the dark. “I’ll tell you tomorrow.”
“Yes, I suppose we should.”
“Partner,” he deadpanned.
...Now it seemed that there was no going back.
breathtaking. So different. Dean had seen so little of the world beyond American backroads and cities—even when he’d gone back and forth through time. It was exciting to think of what they could explore and enjoy now.
A love that just might save them both.
“For once, no.” Dean rolled his shoulders. “All right, see you guys back here then.”
“Dude, you just said you’re gonna ‘Netflix and chill’ with Cas. I’m not going to be a third wheel for
“Hard to say. Nanael was enjoying himself. It could take some time before I can replenish what was lost.”
Benny emerged from the thick brush, looking around with caution for a minute before relaxing to see them both up and ready. “Sorry if I was interrupting, boys, but we got trouble. Pack of werewolves not far off. I caught their scent, ’n you might’ve heard them calling.” He smirked a little, taking in the sight of the two of them. “Seemed like some kinda freak wind and lightning storm passed through, can’t imagine what set that off but in this place, who knows, am I right?”
“Yeah, we should,” Dean agreed, “because this is crazy. But you know what? I’m gonna call him real quick. Because I really... I know I’m being selfish but I need some time here with you, first.” He wasn’t ready to share Cas with
Near anyone.
Those delicious tendrils of grace rippled over him in response, soothing him, relaxing him until his body felt as pliant as water. Cas sank fully into him and Dean surrendered to it, to his angel. He trusted him to take whatever he required from Dean but nothing more, as Cas trusted him with his blade, his blood.
“Just wait until Saturday night. That’s when this con really turns into a madhouse.”
else. I never have and I never will. I know this isn’t...there’s so much more to say, so much I should have said through the years and I don’t know why I didn’t, why I
Was that him groaning, or Cas? Both of them? The sound echoed through his skull as he tasted the sweet, warm blood of an angel.
Dean was
“No, I wouldn’t. Why do you ask?”
“That’s what I want my Heaven to be,” Jack insisted. “With your help. When you can.”
A solution Dean didn’t deserve.
“For example,” Cas paused, urging Dean onto his side so that they could lay entwined together. “Can I touch you...here?” He slid his hand down between them to find Dean’s erection, stroking it gently with his fingers.
It was beautiful. Damaged, yet so captivating, Castiel felt a sense of awe and wonder he had not known in millenia. Not since watching stars born from the gaseous clouds of Creation. Not since Gabriel had flown with him over the skies of Earth to witness the miracle of God’s work.
He shook his head, having to say it.
“Yeah, okay. You’re probably right,” Dean said. He set his crudely-made hatchet on the ground, right beside Cas, and then did something rather unexpected.
There went that eyebrow again, straight up to the ceiling. Weirdly that always turned Dean on something fierce.
In dreams the ground under his feet would turn nebulous and slippery with a different kind of darkness. Leviathans would come slithering up his legs, becoming him,
It was a look of pity.
Dean pictured Cas up all night, frowning at his laptop with countless recipe tabs open for study, planning this meal. The least Dean could do was give it his best try.
Never. How could he? How could he want anything other than to strip Cas down and lavish him with all the love and pleasure he deserved? To lay entwined with him on this night and every other night to follow. “I don’t think I could if I wanted to.”
He’d hunkered down that afternoon in the kitchen, determined to make a hearty dinner for himself and Sam. Meatballs and sausages in his secret recipe, homemade gravy. Good stuff. Sam always raved about it as one of Dean’s only feast-of-meat meals he could stomach (he mostly stuck with the sauce). Cas had even taken a small plate for himself and declared it a “non-offensive combination of molecules,” which was pretty much the highest praise he ever gave to food.
Dean worked fast, before Nanael could turn his attention back to him. He swiped his fingers wet with Cas’s coughed-up blood against the cinderblock wall behind him. He prayed there was enough blood on them to make a working sigil. He also hoped that using Cas’s own blood combined with his own would keep
One title caught his eye. “Hey, how about
In their new home.
Cas squeezed his hand and turned to smile at Dean. “Do you want to get back on the road, or would you like to take a short walk while we’re here?”
Could he deny it? Gazing up at Cas’s handsome face, touching this body as he’d secretly desired to for so long...thinking of all the things they’d done for each other.
He could lose himself to the taste of Cas’s mouth, sweet like honey and fresh as summer rain. He could surrender everything he had to the feeling of those strong hands on his body, the smell of him, the sound of his throaty moans.
He blinked, vision hazy for a long moment. Then he gasped for the breath that he had forgotten was necessary. He tried to focus on the soothing gaze of Cas looking down at him with concern. The whole room remained aglow with calming blue light, shimmering and sparkling like a giant bag of glitter had exploded overhead.
Aroused? Could that be the word for it?
“I...I need to get some air,” he stammered. Being in the bunker, this room where he had spent his last moments with Cas? It was suffocating him. He couldn’t breathe. It felt like the walls were closing in on him.
“You should sleep now, Dean.”
“But wait, that would make Sam your love interest, wouldn’t it?” Dean teased, since Chon and Falling Leaves were ‘accidentally’ married early in the film. Only...“Yeah, no, Roy kissed her at the end too, so uh...never mind, then.”
gonna kill somebody.” Dean was gripping the railing at the top of the steps, as if afraid to put his hands to more destructive use otherwise. “I don’t care if we just resurrected them.”
“It wasn’t very good, was it? It didn’t look like the recipe photos, and I could only taste the molecules so I don’t know how—”
“Um. Okay.”
Castiel did his own final review of his work. Next, he would return the Winchester’s body to his grave, replace and awaken the soul, and then wait for his next command.
Every one of his many enemies in Heaven, for starters.
Dean had stuffed himself full with two servings.
, settling in even closer, murmuring as he kissed the top of Cas’s head and stroked his hair.
There was a soft smile in Cas’s words and playing out on his face that made Dean feel as warm inside as his touch had. He couldn’t look at it for long, though, having to pay attention to the road. When he turned back to glance at the passenger seat, he found it empty once again.
—have this more freely, maybe it would actually be for the better.
It was filthy and sublime, and all the more intense with Dean’s senses in overdrive from the blood. He swore he couldn’t tell where his pleasure ended and Cas’s began; it all blended together in one orgasmic circle of want and delight, need and reward.
“Hey, I got to give an angel a blow job. Not much you need to thank me for with that to scratch off my bucket list.”
“This job should be a piece of cake. Easy-peasy.”
The squint intensified, but Cas only replied, “Alright.” He gave Dean a quick kiss and light touch to the arm before cautioning, “Drive carefully and no texting.”
“Anything.”
walking around with your hottie wingman over there.”
“Sweet Jesus…” That hand was at first cold from the lube, then suddenly hot, so damn hot. He turned his head to meet Cas’s lips again, wanting to fuck that mouth with his tongue while Cas stroked him to aching hardness. And then it started, that tingling sensation, enveloping his dick and then spreading like a warm blanket over him, through him.
that power in him, everywhere. Cas made a growling sound that told Dean the angel could hear his desire and maybe wasn’t averse to it after all.
“Hey, come here.” Dean wrapped Cas up in a tight hug, feeling him trembling. “It’s gonna be okay, Cas. I’m here. We’ll get through this. We solve this mess with Sam, defeat Abaddon, and then we’ll find that dickbag Metatron and get your grace back.”
much to move out of the bunker and into their new place. But it seemed he’d gone from being comfortable living out of a car to actually acquiring more stuff than could fit in the trunk of one, these past few years.
to debase themselves with such...
“Okay. Good night.”
Dean never ceased feeling amazed at the things that had happened in his lifetime. All of it was so crazy, most sane people would not believe him. Understandably so.
“It was good though, right? Weird, but good.”
As if to emphasize that point, Cas also sensed an approaching dark energy. He tensed and rose to his feet. He summoned his blade just as the Leviathans burst down from the sky and materialized from balls of black goo. There were five of them, snarling and circling Cas. He crouched to a defensive posture, holding his wings close to his body in case flight was his only escape.
Had he known even before meeting Dean? He thought maybe he had, but he didn’t have the language, the context, for these emotions. Now he better understood some of his more rebellious brothers and sisters, and what had driven their choices which had previously seemed so inexplicable. Anna, and her yearning for human experience. Gabriel and his playful deviousness. Balthazar and his debauchery. Lucifer, his envy.
“Sometimes, but not always. And now I want to say it seeing your face filled with happiness and not dread as it was before.
Dean. Because of him.
“What? You just got here.”
“I can do it. I do not sleep.”
, you know that?”
Dean was enjoying wearing his favorite Man-With-No-Name gunslinger outfit, too, getting compliments instead of weird stares.
Jack turned back to Cas and said, “I thought you might pop up to visit in Heaven, but I guess you’ve been...pretty busy.”
“Right into the ballroom?”
Cas’s voice rumbled in his ears, both commanding and tender. It cut into him like a honey-coated blade.
Dean smiled—the best he could, at least, with his left cheek so bruised and stiff from swelling. “Because it doesn't matter if the pasta was mushy and the carrots were too hard. You made it for
“I, well I mean...
“Yeah. Listen.” Dean perched on the top of the library table and opened his mouth to speak. But then, suddenly, he stood back up and grabbed Cas by his arm. “Not here,” he hissed in Cas’s ear. “Come with me.”
“Yeah, well...even so, it was good fightin’ with you at our side earlier. Now, let Dean rest, or...have whatever else he might want from you. If you catch my drift.”
“Dean…”
“Did it taste like anything other than molecules?”
Dean made Sam take the oil and several other weapons while Dean stuck to the regular assortment he carried, plus their blades. They entered the open barn door with caution, seeing no one nor anything out of the ordinary at first. “Cas?” Dean called out. Sam watched their backs while Dean moved slowly forward. “Cas!” he tried again, a little louder this time. His skin crawled at the certain feeling they were being watched, as much as they were looking for their friend.
. For a moment it reminded Dean of that time, not so long ago, when Cas had lost his grace. Dean had imagined they’d be spending a lot of time like this. Hanging out in the bunker, in his room. Watching movies together, him teaching Cas all about human life and the pleasures one could find in it.
. The little tilt of his head and frown when he was puzzled, trying to work out some riddle of human behavior. That last memory left a warm glow in Dean’s chest, and he felt ready to go on.
Dean wanted to know what the fuck Sam had been up to during Cas’s googling and shopping and cooking adventures. He wondered if this wasn’t some kind of huge prank on his part—or on both their parts.
The first one attacked with reckless hunger and rage. Cas stabbed him, lifting the body up with his blade as he smote him easily. But in the time that took, three of the others surged forward, one kicking him hard behind the knee, taking him down. He used his wings to shield himself as the others lunged in, their obscene mouths wide and eager to take a bite out of him.
“I’m okay, it’s just...wow.”
and loving someone so completely was what made his cravings so unbearable. If he simply let himself—let
“‘A crack in your chassis’,” Cas muttered, shaking his head.
thing that was the best of
Dean still knocked on the door before opening it further. “Cas?”
Dean’s head was spinning like he’d downed an entire bottle of Jack.
And then he groaned, his eyes closing, as Cas stroked Dean’s bare chest for the first time. “
Behind him, Dean heard a loud crash. He spared a quick glance to see that Sam was still fighting back against Nanael but losing ground. The angel had wrestled the blade out of Sam’s hand and held him hovering off the ground, gasping for air. “What do you say, Castiel? Break his neck now, or break every other bone in this ape’s body first?”
“Yes.”
Cas didn’t get a chance to reply as the others finally seemed to notice their belated arrival. Claire spotted Cas and ran up the stairs full-speed at him for a hug that felt like embracing sunshine itself. And then there was Sam—all six-feet-four-inches of Sam lifting him off the ground with his own tight embrace. Eileen was busy on a hunt but Sam had to video call her so she could join in from afar, too.
Dean wasn’t going to argue with that. “What’re you gonna do?”
pleased.
Dean didn’t want to linger on something that was depressing to the angel, so it was time to change the subject. There
Cas flashed his lights once, alerting Dean that he'd received the message.
...since before he’d had his grace stolen by Metatron and the angels had all fallen.
Dean leaned down to press his lips on the red mark where his hand had been. “Wish I could kiss it better.”
Cas smiled, shyly. “Better than intercourse with April.”
“No, Dean,” Cas begged, wishing Dean could hear
Cas had few—if any—allies left besides Dean and Sam, and his foes were getting craftier in trying to draw him out.
Dean glanced down at his hands, still wet with Cas’s blood. It gave him an idea as Sam surged into action, providing a brief distraction. Sam charged at Nanael and was actually putting up a solid fight, getting in several slashes with his blade before he, too, got hauled up and shoved into the far wall.
“In your room?”
Please.” It scoffed at him and Cas couldn’t help but flinch.
“Well, howdy, partner, lookit what we got here,” Dean drawled, finally taking the base of Cas’s cock in one hand and licking a swipe over the head. Watching Cas arch up and moan was almost too obscene for him to bear. “Look at me, Cas,” Dean insisted, not taking his eyes off of him while he licked at the cockhead again. “Need to see those gorgeous baby blues on me while I do this.”
“You are?”
“I was busy!” Cas said, at last showing emotion. “Jack needed me. Only three years old and in charge of billions of souls, wanting to save Heaven before it collapsed…Besides, angels are no longer to interfere on Earth and I
“My ‘mojo’ can handle some basic laundry, once I’ve had some time to rest.”
“Yes, I am aware of that fact,” Cas said. “Their parents before them also were soulmates. For generations. It was destiny for you and Sam to be born.”
“Probably not, if you’ve already eaten.”
“You’re driving me to the cabin?” Cas asked, hope strong in his voice.
“No, unfortunately not. I have been searching everywhere, across all continents. Spoken to holy men and seers, psychics and visionaries. Interviewed those claiming to have witnessed miracles which could have only been the work of a God-level being. Yet so far, nothing.”
“Oh, it’s too late for that.” Dean didn’t even get the chance to reach for his blade. The next thing he knew someone ripped him away from Cas and he went flying backwards, tossed like a rag doll. He landed with a thud in one of the milking stalls across from Cas, his back hitting the ground hard. When the stars cleared from his eyes and he could suck in a breath again, he saw a grey-haired figure standing beside the cuffed Cas, laughing. “My goodness, I thought you two were supposed to be
“I think I do, and it’s alright.” Cas kissed him, tenderly, stroking his hair with a lazy touch. “We both have things to learn and we will no doubt stumble along the way. If I do something that makes you uncomfortable, tell me.”
“No. I don’t remember, darling,” he soothed, turning to her at last and noting her nervous expression. He knew it reassured her when he called her that—especially when she quizzed him about his memories.
, so good.
Dean’s eyes sparked with delight and Cas felt himself getting lost in their beauty. These touches, the closeness, the...everything had him spinning.
He smirked at Cas and said, keeping his voice low, “Guess Dean found his happy place after all. Much as anyone can ’round here.”
“Never,” Dean promised. “Never again.”
“Need you in me, Cas,” he pleaded, shifting his hips, spreading his legs. “All of you.”
“Cas, I know you sacrificed yourself to save me and made that deal in the first place for Jack and I’m tryin’ to honor that, I am. But...it’s
Well, he supposed they would have plenty of Heaven’s lack of time to catch up on things.
The angel’s sudden appearance startled Dean as it always did, and was enough to wake him up a bit. “Hey. Thanks for popping in.”
With that settled, Dean grabbed and nuked a burrito for himself. He popped open a beer and grabbed a spare, and then headed to the room they’d turned into a kind of production lab here in the bunker. They could conjure up whatever IDs and paperwork they might need with their color copier, laminator and other handy office tools. He’d already made a couple things for Cas in the past—fake FBI badges and such that worked well enough if no one looked too close. But this time he needed to pull together a complete identity for him. That could take a little more work.
No, Dean thought. That wasn’t entirely correct.
But for now? He was going back to sleep. He didn’t even know what had woken him up in the first place.
“Sit. And strip down so I can see how bad you’re messed up.”
“Let’s get more comfortable,” Dean suggested, hating to lose Cas’s touch for even a moment but wanting to get back under the covers and turn the light off. Cas shifted and followed Dean’s lead to push down the blanket and sheet and get under them. He then returned to Dean’s waiting embrace in the dark.
Sam took off to spend some downtime with Eileen, visiting Ireland with her and seeing the world as they’d never had the time nor luxury to do in the past. And Dean started thinking more about a future for himself that involved less active hunting, and more taking on a Bobby-like capacity within the Hunters’ network. Of course, Sam would always be the lore-master and researcher extraordinaire among them. But Dean liked the idea of fixing up and opening more of the guest rooms here, for those who might come passing through. Maybe even taking in some troubled kids, like Jody had, becoming a mentor and a guide to younger hunters or others in need of help.
“And I remember you liked that other Jackie Chan movie we watched a while back.” Dean thought they were sometimes pretty stupid, but he recalled Cas finding
“I am not—sorry, that is. I’d do it again. Every time.”
Over and over this would go on, Dean sensing Cas’s grace soothing every part of him that hands could not reach. He would trail his fingers into the feathers where Cas’s wings met his back, knowing this touch did something special to the angel. Indeed, Dean felt Cas’s sigh of delight as much as he heard it, the kaleidoscope of blue-eyed wheels around them contracting in closer.
Cas’s grace tightened its grip around him in a gesture meant to offer comfort.
“Dean—” Sam started but Dean put up his hand.
Cas flinched. “I’m not lying now.”
“It’s the least I can do and it doesn’t feel like enough.” Dean let out a sigh of clear relief and stood up. “But you? Finish your burrito. I’m gonna go tell Zeke—or Sam, whichever one I get—that you’re heading out in the morning to calm his tits. Gonna see if I can get some IDs and other stuff you could use together and then...maybe we can talk about that other stuff. The...soulmate stuff and all. But I want you to eat and then get some rest. You’re crashing out with me here tonight.”
Which sucked ass. There was a reason hunting wasn’t an old man’s job. But most hunters were too stubborn to get out when they could or should, so they kept going until the right monster punched their ticket. Dean would no doubt end up like the rest of those poor bastards if he wasn’t careful.
from being banished, too.
playing fair.”
He nodded, closing his eyes. “These things I’m feeling. My emotions are so much stronger as a human. What I felt while we were kissing...”
Cas had become a chronic target to his former allies. Some of the angels wanted him because they thought he could lead them to Metatron. Others wanted him solely in revenge for his part in bringing about the Fall, their broken wings. Still others despised him for the death he had caused in his own previous quest for power, the civil war against Raphael and then trying to become the new god.
“I very much wish.” He wished the world could leave them alone for a while. For a couple weeks, if he could be greedy, so they could spend as much time as possible here. Learning, healing, exploring everything they could give to and be for each other.
The world went dark.
“No, they’ve mostly been a lot of help, once I got everyone up to speed on my plans. Though of all the angels I wish I had on hand to help me in Heaven...to help me make it the kind of place it should be...I wish I had the help of someone who really understands humanity the way that you do.”
Cas was thick but Dean could take it. He actually liked that edge of pain at first. It made him feel better about having to cut into Cas, to cause
“Yeah, and not for the first time.”
“I feel...
in the spell, with everything in your mind and soul, and it could
Cas frowned. “I hope they’re not causing too much trouble.”
or some others—reaching to grab for him. Were they trying to catch him to keep him here, or were they trying to hitch a ride? He couldn’t tell for certain. But one way or another he was going through. The tendrils of light were spreading, reaching him, wrapping around his form and grace. His ears roared and the light was blinding and he prayed that whatever was happening, wherever he was being pulled, that he would find the people he loved on the other side.
Dean stayed there, watching and waiting, until the sun was almost beyond the horizon and he knew he had to leave. And though he was nervous about what was to come, he felt lifted in heart and spirit. It was going to work, he told himself.
“Hold still.” He had to concentrate to heal the deep gashes to Dean’s forehead and scalp, the results of their latest skirmish with Purgatory’s least desirable inhabitants. Cas’s powers were not at their full strength here in this realm not meant for his kind, distant from Heaven and disconnected from replenishing Earthly prayers. Even so, he could manage to take care of his most precious human’s injuries.
But Dean hadn’t been himself at the time, as Cas frequently reassured him. He gave the blade to Dean without hesitation and in that gesture willed himself extremely vulnerable. It was an ultimate gesture of trust and sometimes Dean wondered how on Earth he’d ever earned it.
Cas scrunched the foil around his precious food and let Dean drag him down the corridor toward what he assumed was Dean’s room. Dean shut the door behind him as soon as they were inside and he seemed to be struggling with what to do or say next. “Dean, is something wrong?”
to talk about now, about
“Meg?!?” Both Dean and Cas turned in surprise at that voice and found the demon smiling smugly beside them.
mornings in Heaven. Time was weird here, time didn’t exist. Time seemed to move as fast or as slow as he wanted. Time moved in a circle if it moved at all. If he thought about it too much it gave him a headache, so he tried not to think about it, period.)
“Dean?”
There was that idea brewing in his mind, along with another one involving an old, run-down bar on the edge of town. The place had been up for sale for years, and the possibility of buying it and turning it into a sort of “Roadhouse 2.0” held growing appeal. Certainly more than spending the rest of his life ganking monsters and worrying about one misstep costing his life.
“How come we had to do the dirty work of digging up this grave while Cas got to stay with the nice lady, sipping tea?” Dean complained, wiping his face with his forearm to keep the sweat out of his eyes.
“Me and Sam and Claire, we’re gonna try something. At moon rise, tomorrow, ’cause it’s the new moon and Sam figures that’s the best time for doing something like this. For the angel resurrection spell.
“Fuck, yeah.” Dean shifted against him, grinding, claiming a string of kisses along his jawline. “What does it feel like, for you? Tell me.”
try.”
It was time for Cas to take control.
Was it? Dean still had his doubts but he was too far gone to stop. He sat back and appreciated the wonderful vision before his eyes, his cock heavy and aching already from his arousal. He wished he’d taken off his jeans before getting started, but he hungered for the taste too much to hold off any longer.
“I am...
. But it’s also Cas. If this asshole is using Cas to draw us out, I’m not gonna let him suffer any longer than he already has.” Dean surveyed the weapons in their trunk, not sure what they should bring with them. They didn’t know who or what they were dealing with, though he was pretty damn certain it was another angel.
Dean wasn’t sure how much time had passed. All he knew was that it was too much to not have seen or received any response. He was
“As am I. I still cannot fathom how or why he would leave all his creation behind.”
Dean.
They were in an old abandoned farmhouse, not far from the Winchester’s grave. The angel circled the hay-strewn floor where Dean Winchester’s still-lifeless form laid. Castiel had yet to place the human’s soul into this body he had rebuilt from decaying flesh and bone, but it was almost ready for that final step.
Another kiss, then, as Cas rolled his hips up against Dean, making him moan. He could feel Dean’s erection pressed up against his own, creating the most stimulating friction between them.
Dean asked, “Do you
“Whoa whoa whoa, Cas! Take it easy! It’s just me!”
Shit, so much for the distraction of a silly movie. Dean almost wanted to pause the video and tell Cas all this. Wanted to say he was sorry. Wanted to say how he wished he hadn’t shut him out, hadn’t ever blamed him, hadn’t…
A trembling hand reached up to touch Dean’s cheek—and this time it was Dean’s turn to catch his breath as he felt that touch reach
“He’ll leave us be and enjoy the show.”
“Sometimes I just had to have someone to talk to. Anyone. It was...I was so
Cas didn’t seem too far behind him.
Sleep lifted slowly from Dean’s mind, like the early-morning fog dissipating off the fields of Lebanon. He awoke and attempted a lazy, full-body stretch in his bed.
Again Dean felt it as much as he heard it, vibrating through his bones, lighting his own blood on fire. Cas’s grace, his energy, whatever it was, seemed to wrap all around Dean as his arms did. Dean pulled back to see Cas’s blue eyes glowing and his wings rising up. Even in their injured state, Dean found them to be beautiful. Dean dared to see if he could touch them and…
Damn, even talking hurt, leaving a sharp ache in his chest as he breathed. He could have let Cas heal him with a touch when he’d offered last night...but that would have been the easy way out.
“Please, don’t...don’t disappear.” Cas slid his hand down and reached to pull Dean into a shaky hug. Dean fell into it gladly, never wanting to let go.
So as Dean touched him he felt the man’s nervous, giddy delight and began to respond to it, seeking to
“Yeah?”
“Nah, it doesn’t bother me. Not really. I mean, ‘Team Free Will’ and all that. I don’t like any kind of predestined bullcrap dictating what’s supposed to happen in my life. Don’t want someone telling me this is the person I have to be with. Just like I don’t care for someone telling me I’m destined to fight an archangel wearing my little brother to the death.” Dean rubbed his left upper arm and snorted. “I remember when I first saw your handprint on my shoulder. I freaked the hell out thinking that’s what it was. A soulmark from a freakin’ angel.”
don’t want me to do that.”
“Slowly healing. I think.” He arched his back to allow Dean to kiss the still-weeping cut. “As I told you, this...mmm...seems to be strengthening my grace in some way, not harming it.”
Jack had put his hand on Dean’s jacket—right over the bloody handprint that Cas had left on it. Dean had jerked away, for he let
In love.
“They all say the barn—the hay loft in particular—is haunted.”
Cas snorted, then winced a little as Dean dabbed the wound with the cotton.
Dean exhaled in the greatest relief he’d ever felt as Cas’s eyes finally, slowly, flickered open at his last desperate cry. His eyes were unfocused but still that impossible ocean blue Dean thought for sure he’d never see again.
Dean had tried to swallow down that last thought for so long. Feeling attracted to Cas, to an angel in a man’s body...he’d fought against that for a long time. There was a relief in knowing it was somehow actually meant to be.
Dean immediately went to him and asked, “Cas?”
Him and his brother bringing the apocalypse upon the world. Then putting it away again—on more than one occasion.
Cas lifted his eyes to meet Dean’s gaze, but Dean saw there was still uncertainty there. Guilt, too...something Dean knew all too well himself. He tried to think of what could snap Cas out of his gloom-and-doom state, build him up again after he’d been so beaten down these past months.
“Mmm, keep saying my name like that. I think I could come from your voice alone.”
It was a very comforting sight, for some reason. So very
Now, he thought back happily on that day as he drove along, the endless fields and pastures of Kansas speeding along beyond his windshield. They were about two hours out of Lebanon on 36-West and getting closer to the Colorado border when Dean voiced a prayer—that way he didn’t have to get scolded for texting and driving. “Hey, Cas? Take the next right up ahead, past the Rodeway Inn, and then follow me.”
“Okay. Thank you, Dean.”
, Dean thought.
“I should…” Dean paused to nuzzle his lips against Cas’s cheek, “finish cleaning…” a lick along his jaw, tasting more of the blood that remained in sticky, drying trails on his skin, “you up.”
The silence of the night held no answers for him.
“No Sammy, this is my mess. I’ll deal with it. Just...give me a little time, okay?”
Dean lost track of time, lost himself in those touches, this union. But eventually the need for release was threatening to turn into a case of blue balls if he didn’t get relief soon. Cas sensed the shift in his needs and redoubled his efforts, deepening his kisses while he quickened his strokes. The tingling energy radiating from Cas’s touch surged and built until Dean had to break their kiss to gasp for breath.
It took fourteen-point-three seconds, to be precise. The moment before it would hit Cas bit down on Dean’s collarbone, not hard enough to break skin but enough to leave a mark. Dean cried out and the light on the nightstand flickered again, but Cas clamped down on his own reaction enough to not overwhelm the bunker’s aging circuitry. He felt Dean’s warmth spilling into his hand, mixing with his own, and caressed them both until he felt Dean go completely slack against him, satisfied and exhausted.
Lisa had been his comfortable love.
Now everything was chaos. Sammy was falling apart and Dean had no idea how to fix him. His Baby was a wreck, but at least he could fix
Dean had rarely disturbed Cas in those moments, figuring it was as close as the angel got to his own type of prayer and meditation. Sometimes Cas had caught him watching, though, and he’d turn to Dean with a small smile, inviting him to come sit and appreciate the beauty all around them.
The need gnawed away at him, building every hour as he tried his best to ignore it. He knew there was only one way to get relief, to scratch the itch that ran so deep it felt like it had settled into his bones. He hated being so controlled by this longing, even when all he had to do was ask and he could have exactly what he wanted.
But as Dean turned back toward Cas, he found the angel right in his space, leaning in close to then reach up and cup Dean’s cheek. He met Dean’s eyes and only paused for a brief second, seeking… something?... permission?... before pressing a kiss to Dean’s lips.
“Mmph, sleep. What about you?”
“When Sam didn’t have his soul, he didn’t sleep. He didn’t act like himself. He didn’t care about what happened to anyone else. Not really. And Cas...you’ve
“No, and I feel like absolute shit for lying to him. But...at the time I didn’t see any other choice. And just before I dragged you in here, Ezekiel took control of Sam to tell me he won’t stick around to finish healing Sam if you stay at the bunker. That it’s too much of a risk with so many other angels after you. They know we’re your friends and he doesn’t want to be in the middle of things, I guess.” Dean frowned. “I get the sense he thinks some of the other angels might not like him? But I don’t understand all the weird politics you guys have.”
“Yeah, well, we don’t know. I don’t know, you don’t know.” Dean shook his head. He knew it was nuts. He was being nuts. But he couldn’t give up hope. “There’s just...I can’t explain it, but...we have a connection, y’know? If he was gone forever this time, I’d know it. Somehow I’d
Dean frowned. Three weeks had passed since they’d gotten Rowena to lift her attack dog spell and Cas hadn’t left the bunker since then. The angel had hunkered down in Sam’s room, bingeing Netflix and bad daytime television while he and Sam went out on hunts. Dean had been trying to coax him back to work by asking him to do research, or to help catalog their still under-explored bunker archives. He didn’t mind leaving it at that until they were certain Cas was ready for more. “You sure you’re up for it, buddy?”
Weakened and wounded, Cas collapsed to the ground, tried to turn his focus inward. He’d spent so much grace smiting the Leviathans he did not have enough left at the moment to heal his injured wing. He’d need to let his grace recharge before he could do that—which meant no flying off anywhere for the moment.
“Great, more tofu and broccoli this evening,” Dean grumbled. “At this rate my farts are gonna take down this bunker.”
But then Cas said, “I’d like to kiss you,” and Dean shivered, drawing in his breath to answer in a rush, “Oh, please.”
It was time he went to Cas’s field to say a proper goodbye.
“Doesn’t make it right. I hate asking for it, knowing what it takes from you.”
He could feel it, whatever it was, trying to reach for him. The familiar voices on some other plane of existence, still chanting. He reached out in return, even as he felt other presences closing in on him. Was it the Empty? Or those he had called to, to awaken? Tendrils of light sparked ahead of him, breaking the dark nothingness and he rushed toward it.
Yeah, this worked.
“Somehow I have a feeling you do.”
And he liked hearing and seeing Cas laugh.
“Sequels always suck. Except for
“Whoa, whoa, whoa! Hold on, I got you.” Dean slung his bag over one shoulder and then wrapped Cas’s arm over the other to hoist him up.
“You are not supposed to be here yet,” Cas said simply, as if that explained anything.
(He missed that incarnation of Death. Couldn’t eat pickle chips without thinking about him.)
—blew Cas to pieces once and he came back!”
Dean settled into the driver’s seat of the Impala and cast one last look back to the bunker’s entrance. They weren’t exactly leaving it behind forever, he knew. He and Sam and Cas, they would remain on-call if younger hunters needed them. But he knew, too, he was leaving the place in good hands.
! C’mon, buddy, please wake up please wake up—
“Yes, Dean. I understand. Anything you ask of me I will answer to the best of my knowledge.”
“I can go a little further,” Dean insisted.
That left Cas and Dean alone again, at last, first in the bunker kitchen and soon thereafter in Dean’s room. Dean shut the door and Cas found himself taking in the space that had been so familiar to him before. But now? It looked like a hurricane had passed through Dean’s personal quarters.
for more of it.
it in kind. Dean nuzzled his stubble-covered cheek and jawbone against the small area of exposed flesh along his neck, and he shivered to feel every tiny pinprick of hair. The heat of desire radiating off Dean’s body was growing as he became bolder, and Cas did not push him away or stop him.
“If you just want this tonight, that’s cool,” Dean said, though the hardness between his legs might beg to differ.
Dean was half-asleep when a thought, a familiar voice, came into his mind again.
looking for you.”
How had he disappointed or let down Dean this time?
Was it because they’d modified things too much? Or was it because Chuck was gone and Jack was in charge, and thus much of the magic and spell-casting put in place around angels, demons and the afterlife was broken?
The entity appeared again before him, this time in the form of Claire. She looked at him with sorrow and for a moment he paused, unable to raise a hand to her—until it was almost too late and she came lunging at him with an angel blade.
“What does it matter? Maybe it’s the only thing I’ve got to hold on to when you’re going crazy and Leviathans are planning to eat the world, huh? Sam, please. Let me...I need to hold on to this one stupid thing and not have you giving me shit about it.”
Sam nodded. “Good idea. Dinner should be ready in about an hour.”
“Oh, you
One whirlwind and nightmare after another had managed to keep tearing them apart, put up walls where they’d once been so close. Dean sighed and felt the weight of it all pressing down on him, almost suffocating him.
“Then you will come,” Cas promised, pressing another kiss along his jaw, below his ear. “As many times as I can make you. It’s a challenge I welcome fully.”
At the same time Dean felt his own body tensing, tingling. He felt like he was being touched
He knew what Dean was talking about. The handprint, on his abdomen, where Dean had first touched him on their ascent from Hell.
had to say it. “It didn’t work. We fucked up. Somehow, we fucked this all up to Hell.”
Dean, panting like an animal, dropped his unfocused gaze upon Cas. That grace, when reactivated, had wiped away the filth of purgatory and he looked as perfect and pristine as the moment Cas had first resurrected him. He collapsed down on top of Cas, who stroked his back and asked, “Are you all right, Dean?”
“What?” Dean wanted to kiss Cas again, since he seemed to have no objections to
“It does,” he said. “It also hurts most of all.”
“Might’ve been our fault, catching a lift.” Dean looked up, startled at the unexpected yet familiar voice. And his jaw dropped to see none other than Gabriel standing a few feet away from them.
to frighten her. That was the only thing that halted his full-on rampage.
Castiel bowed his head in acknowledgement of the compliment. “It is important to honor our father’s favorites, even if only He can first create them with such perfection.”
Dean hugging him back felt so nice. Cas didn’t want to let go. He didn’t know if he was really doing it right but Dean didn’t move out of his embrace for some time. When he did ease back, he looked into Cas’s eyes as if to say something. But then he seemed to shake it off. “I was thinking Rufus’ cabin might be a safe place you could stay. It’s warded tight and me ’n Sam spent months there while hiding out from the Leviathans. You can drive, can’t you? ’Cause we’ve got a bunch of extra cars here in the bunker. They're a little old but I’ve checked, they run good, you could borrow one to get up there. Or I’ll take you myself. I don’t care what Ezekiel thinks, you’re staying here tonight, until I can put some stuff together for you.”
“Yes, hold on.” Cas stepped back into the corridor, and then Dean heard the sound of squeaky wheels rattling over the hard floor. Cas reappeared, pushing an old metal cart ahead of him. There was a tray of food and drink on it complete with a mug of coffee, water, a big covered bowl and a basket of things Dean couldn’t see until Cas wheeled it closer—bread and crackers and even a couple muffins. And of course, there was a generous slice of apple pie. “I read on the computer that chicken soup is considered a favorite food for humans to consume when not feeling well,” Cas explained. “So I made it for you. Along with bringing you some of your other favorite things.”
Cas was beaming—quite literally
“Even so. Now I have to see what I did to you, the bruises
“All of me would destroy you,” Cas warned. But Dean couldn’t honestly think of a better way to go.
“Cas never forgets his phone. He has too much fun sending me stupid emoji texts to see if I can decipher them.”
Dean headed back to his room with a six pack, pie, and some clean forks in tow. When he got there, he smiled at the sight that was awaiting him. Cas had neatly made Dean’s bed and was now stretched out on the right side of it— shoes off, staring at Dean’s laptop with intense concentration. He’d at least taken the suit jacket off too, folding it over the back of Dean’s desk chair.
But after an agonizing few seconds he opened his eyes and managed a hoarse, “Dean?”
bad idea.
Dean sighed.
It felt wrong for her to touch him there. As wrong as this entire situation often seemed to him, despite her kindness. Despite her beliefs that it had been fate, divine guidance, which had led him into her life.
So it would
“Don’t know about the world, but you saved my son. That priest, he’d...he’d been doing bad things to him. Other boys, too. But my Tommy...he’s at college now and doin’ real well, but...he told me he was so ashamed at the time he’d considered killing himself. Until you showed up and said no abusers would be tolerated in your name.”
And then, the last of the fire went out.
Dean gazed down at his hands—at his forearm, now free of that...
Cas felt a weight lifting as soon as he was outside, away from accusing eyes. His car was right across the road in the motel parking lot. He waited for the light to change to cross, but then…
, still that dorky little guy in a trench coat with sex hair and cracked lips and perpetual five o’clock shadow and the object of Dean’s every desire.
He tried to stay quiet as he finished getting ready for bed, stripping down to his t-shirt and boxers. Sliding under the covers, he didn’t immediately turn off the light. He laid there instead, watching the rise and fall of Cas’s chest as he breathed and slept on, looking so different from how he used to be.
When he succumbed to the dreaming, he became nothing. He became empty of purpose, empty of place...as the entity who ruled this domain demanded.
Not to mention a few painful encounters with one very angry poltergeist.
he thought, but only answered, “Yeah.” He found himself snuggling in and wishing this movie would go on for another few hours so he could stay like this for at least that long.
“Dean
Dean nodded at him. “I’ll be back in a bit.”
“That’s what I’m betting on, so I can hitch a ride outta here with him.”
of current pulsing through his nervous system.
“What, like a commuter rail to Heaven?” Dean put in.
‘Well, he coulda killed us all with nothin’ but the snap of his fingers back in that lab and he let us go.”
Fuck, he could. Dean didn’t think he could take holding back much longer, and neither could Cas. He reached for the waistband of Cas’s underwear and slid them down, licking his lips to see him naked at last. His eyes took in the whole sight of him, lying there, before focusing in on that hard cock, bobbing up and glistening at the tip.
“Better tell Ellen and Bobby soon as we get back. They’re gonna want to start planning one heck of a welcome party.”
So many things suddenly made sense to him. The irresistible draw he’d always felt toward Cas since they’d come face to face in that barn. The way they kept falling into each other’s lives even when at odds, even in the face of betrayals and lies and mistrust. The way he’d somehow known Cas was alive after the Leviathans, in Purgatory, whenever everything pointed to him being dead and gone forever.
“That was before he brought on civil war in Heaven and tried to become God. He...Cas may not have the ally or allies there any longer to bring him back again.”
“I’m sorry you had to suffer to save my life.”
“Don’t say that! Every time you say that, things go wrong.
Softly. Lightly. A kiss pulled back from fast enough that they could both act like it was nothing but a stupid idea or joke, a dumb mistake brought on by their mutual exhaustion and recent traumas.
Cas was...he was Dean’s love released from fate and destiny. From any forces other than their own.
Soon—too soon—Cas could feel Dean growing closer to his climax and he yearned to ride along on that release with him. Wished he could show Dean more of his true nature and the depth of his own devotion. Dean filled him with light and glory and all the things he wasn’t supposed to feel for a human.
“Cas?”
The small snag was Anton not being the angry spirit scaring Kara’s renters away. It ended up being Anton’s grandfather, Henry. And finding where Henry had been buried, at a long-forgotten family burial plot deep in the woods at the edge of the farm, had taken them a shit-ton of work.
“Where’s Cas?” Dean asked.
“I should be the one thanking you.” He nuzzled against Dean’s neck. “You make me feel whole again. Needed.”
“Yes. It’s just…”
Let the world know that Dean Winchester loved the angel Castiel. Let them all know that he was finally, truly, saved.
“You won’t poop for a week,” Dean cautioned.
As it was, his erection was returning in full force after fading a bit, as focused he had been on Cas’s pleasure.
“I think that whatever you want? Is what we must do.”
He knew why. Because it was never enough, just kissing. Even “just” fucking. Since he’d had that first taste he’d never been able to let go of  wanting more.
“I’m okay, just...this is all so overwhelming.”
faster. And he needed to get naked as fast as possible, before he lost his nerve, before Cas thought better of this, before he woke up from this wonderful dream to find himself alone again. As always. Dean broke their kiss only long enough to yank his shirt off over his head and shimmy out of his shorts. He was already half hard, and having Cas’s eyes devouring his nude body nearly brought him to full mast without further touch.
funny.
, but...us. If he hasn’t already figured it out from how loud we are.” Dean didn’t like keeping secrets from his brother. Secrets had a nasty tendency to bite them in their collective asses.
Dean gently pushed Cas onto the bed, the pillows, kissing him the entire way down. Only then did he pull away to sit up and gaze upon him, his beautiful, wounded angel. Dean’s chest ached as he did so, but not as it had before. This was a good kind of ache, even as it frightened him. Because he knew Cas was right. “Then tell me how I can heal you now.”
The sad thing was it had all started innocently enough and with the best of intentions, as bad decisions so often did. Weeks before, by accident, and now…
It was a simple statement, a command, one that had become nothing short of a mantra to him.
He knew this would come to pass and he smiled, gazing down upon a field of burnt wings and bloodied bodies. He was proud, for he did all this out of love.
“For what?”
he wanted to say, because it was true. “I just...the blood stuff, though...I gave him so much shit over drinking demon blood before, with Ruby, I don’t…”
“Yes.” Dean felt a small surge of heat from Cas’s palm again and then realized he’d cleaned them both up. “I rarely sleep, but right now it seems like the appropriate thing to do.”
He ached to do that, so badly.
“...Dean…?”
“Charlie, this is…”
His cock, softening now, slipped out of Dean’s body, and he could feel the sweat on both their bodies cooling. “As long as it brought you joy, I am glad,” Cas said, tracing his fingers one last time in circles on Dean’s back.
“Nothing that can’t wait until another time.” Cas put the book aside on his nightstand and looked at Dean—who knew his desperation, his hunger, would be plain as daylight to the angel. Indeed, Cas’s expression softened and he made a small gesture, beckoning Dean to come join him.
He sighed, looking down at this lone artifact marking the angel’s presence in his life. Well, that and the handprint burned onto his shoulder. He knew he was taking a little too long with this simple task. He tucked the coat away behind their stash of axes, blades and iron chains and closed the trunk. Glancing up, he saw Sam looking at him in a way he hated to have anyone look at him.
“Long as everyone looks, but doesn’t touch.”
“Mm.” The sound of Cas’s laughter only made Dean’s hunger worse. He turned his head to meet Cas’s lips for a kiss, then grasped his face as he settled more fully into their embrace. Every time Dean kissed Cas like this, he wondered why he didn’t do it all the time, every chance he got. Why didn't he spend every night losing himself in Cas’s full, sweet lips? Why wouldn’t he want to wake up every morning to more kisses like these?
“You know I could just fly everything there,” Cas offered one last time.
Cas looked hopeful as he asked, “Do you think I could become a good hunter?”
Dean rose and kicked the offering bowl out of the circle, splattering its ashen contents against the wall.
And yet, here he was. Always “
“These are...annoying,” Cas said, tugging on his shirt, “and in my way.”
“Which can wait until at least tomorrow. How about you rest here with me for a while?” Dean offered. “I’m not going anywhere for the rest of today. Neither should you.” He reached for his laptop on the nightstand, popped it open and launched his browser window. “Pick something neither of us have seen on Netflix and let’s watch it, here in bed.”
Cas was on the bed with his shoes, jacket and tie off, dress shirt unbuttoned at the top. Dean swallowed. It was about as close to undressed as Cas ever got except when they were...
The road stretched on ahead of him. He’d make it to his destination around sunrise, carried by the music playing on his stereo and the feeling of Cas still somehow there beside him.
That would end. Immediately.
“I’m sure he’s just busy with Kara. Or maybe he went over to the farmhouse to check on things there and forgot his phone?”
Dean let out a careful sigh as the sharp pain subsided into more of a dull ache. His face seemed to be bearing the worst of it, but his back wasn’t doing so well, either. Being tossed around by the magically hopped-up Cas, first into a bunch of wooden crates and then a chain-link fence, had definitely done a number on him. He wasn’t getting any younger, and these kinds of brawls were starting to leave more lingering effects on him.
Dean could feel some kind of surge of energy rippling over him, through him. It was not unlike when Cas would heal him, but this was...this was
So now, this was where Dean came to say his own prayers, on whichever days their lives allowed him the time. He wondered if he’d ever stop looking for Cas when he did so, hoping against hope he’d see him sitting there like before. Waiting for Dean to come find him.
It was so tranquil here. Exactly as he remembered it.
There was an untended field not quite a mile from the bunker, a place where wildflowers and native grasses grew amidst forgotten hay. Dean used to find Cas out here from time to time, perched almost bird-like upon a boulder on the edge of the field, a short distance in from the road. He’d sit there watching the insects buzzing around, observing the flowers blowing in the gentle breeze. Or sometimes the top of the Cas’s head would be visible over the grass heads in seed, and Dean would find him sitting there cross-legged among the weeds, eyes closed, lost in thought.
Cas in fact encouraged him by gently stroking Dean’s back with his fingertips, then moving to caress the shoulder where he had left his mark. Dean shuddered at that, a full body tremor, and it made Cas feel possessive, proud, in a peculiar way.
Dean cranked opened the window to let the passing cold night air whip through his fingers. That was an old driver alertness trick his dad had taught him years ago. It helped a bit, but he still felt a dangerous sleepiness calling to him.
“Yeah, well...I remember walking in on that operation you had set up and seeing ‘Commander Cas’ in action and being like,
“Oh god, Cas,” he groaned. Cas, his angel. Lost and found, lost and found, so many times and with every one of them he’d wanted to do this with him.
Then it was back to lips, hungrier and more confident now. They progressed to probing kisses that sought to steal the breath from each other’s lungs. Cas’s hand glided up to hold Dean’s head close, fingers grasping at his hair. The touch sent shivers down Dean’s spine and he sighed, his toes curling in his boots.
“Yeah, and we never saw a body. Just his coat. Sam, you saw—Lucifer
“I understand.” Cas genuinely did, even as it terrified him to think of being out on his own again.
“Thank you,” Dean said as Cas’s hand slipped away. “I wish I could do something to make you feel better now.”
On one particular non-day, Dean was out under the hot sun working on Baby. Why his car required repairs in Heaven, he didn’t have a clue. He supposed that working on the car had given him satisfaction in life, so Heaven made sure it needed some tinkering every now and then. Enough to keep him busy. He was humming along to the Doobie Brothers on his radio when he heard the recognizable sound of wings swooping in for a landing behind him. With a smile, he turned to find his
“We have an apocalypse to stop. Can’t have you dying in a car accident before then.”
“It was something I never thought I could have,” Cas confessed, and he shifted onto his side to look at Dean with such adoration that he wanted to cry.
“Don’t make me force you, Castiel. You remember what it was like when I last ran my fingers through your mind, your thoughts. So be a good little birdie and go to bed.”
do you insist on staying awake?” Not-Dean moved closer, but it looked
“No one said it was the Four Seasons.” Dean got to his feet. “Listen, I’m gonna take a walk while you get all earthy-crunchy in the kitchen. I need to get some fresh air, clear my head. Do some of that… ‘focusing on intent’ you were talking about earlier.”
He savored it for a while, having Cas hold him, watching the strange chaos below of gondolas and speed boats and ferries zipping around under the night sky. But then a thought hit him and he nudged Cas with his elbow. “
Humanity. One human in particular.
Cas....and a few of his better angel friends, too.
failed each other by not being open and honest about our intentions. Our...needs, motivations...worries and fears. I apologize for the mistakes I’ve made in that regard. Can we promise to do better? This is, what, our third? Fourth? Fifth chance to try?”
It kind of surprised him how much he didn’t want that.
stay here and get comfortable,” Dean insisted, standing up. “
“You brought back
Cas sighed with clear annoyance but did as Dean instructed. He tossed his trenchcoat and bloodied suit jacket into the bathtub and kicked off his shoes. Dean ran the sink until the water turned warm but not too hot, cleaning up his own dirty hands and face after shedding his muddy jacket. He tried not to pay attention as Cas unbuckled his belt and slipped off his pants, tossing them aside in the bathtub, too. All the angel wore now were his socks and underwear.
Dean’s soul smiled. He was happy. Content.
“Stop! Where are you taking me? What the fuck is going on?”
Dean drew in a shuddering breath, straightened up in his seat. “Yeah, thanks.”
Dean pondered for a moment. “You think?”
“And they make a pretty kickass team.”
“How about you? Are
“It is best not to trouble yourself with such thoughts, Dean.”
It could be he had spent too much time in this chosen vessel, Cas thought, trying to come up with any alternative explanation, a rationalization for these changes within. After Jimmy’s destruction and Cas’s death, after God had resurrected him as an even higher angel—a seraph—he could have chosen another one. He
