“You seem cheerful,” Sam says.
Cas turns his head, kisses into Dean’s palm.  “The things I want to do to you, though…” He chuckles. “I’m not sure all of them are legal.”
between his legs, pulling on his dick and groaning in his arms.
It’s Patience who answers. “I’ve been seeing young people with powers — all over the country. We’re trying to work out how to set up a network to get them all to safe homes.”
“Yes,” signs Eileen. “But it was Sam’s idea. And he’s the one who’s checking every detail and comparing the safety ratings on the baby furniture.”
and for this
you here?”
If you enjoyed the fic, it would be amazing if you'd consider
Dean shakes his head. “Never try to comfort me, okay?”
“So would you. Professor Eileen Leahy, School of Letters.” She blushes, and grins back at him.
“Carter’s fine,” Dean says. “Y’know, apart from the part where he’s worried sick about his
“Looks like it,” says Sam.
"No, it's fine... she asked me to do it, so I'll do it."
“What are you talking about, man?”
Cas tilts his head to the side and frowns. “That’s very interesting,” he says. “You seem to know Carter but Carter doesn’t know who you are.”
Cas laughs, and they rock together for a few moments, before Dean turns his head slightly, leans in and kisses Cas’ cheek.
“Got something better to do?” challenges Jody.
“So everything is back to how it was before?” asks Eileen.
“Oh, definitely.” Cas nods.
Sam stares at him, mouth hanging slightly open. “It never occurred to me that — wow, Jack.”
“So what happens to him now? Don’t tell me Jeff Bezos gets to skip out on hell and gets that one-year-in-Purgatory deal? Some people deserve to be punished for their sins.”
Dean and Cas sleep together and hold each other every night, these days, but in that moment, Dean realises that this whole time, he’s had a barrier up. He doesn’t even quite know what it was, and he of all people is not saying that it’s not a relationship if it’s not consummated, but all of a sudden he feels this urge to be closer.
“And you say you’re not good with words,” Cas smiles, through damp cheeks. Dean scoffs, runs a brusque hand across his mouth.
Dean kisses the soft skin on the inside of Cas’s thigh. “You can let me be the little spoon…” He just wants to snuggle up now, maybe exchange a few more kisses, and then sleep.
And then, somehow, impossible but very much real, Cas unfurls his wings, iridescent black on top, with a metallic cinder underside, huge, achingly beautiful. Undamaged. Dean isn’t quite sure where to look, at the feathertips glistening in the light, or the coverts which look so soft, or at Cas’s face, which Dean realizes is wet with gentle tears, and as he watches, another one begins its slow track down Cas’ cheek.
They rock together, fused, molten — white heat rising, the scent of clean sweat and his own oaky musk, the slap of skin and the smack of lips, the taste of Cas,
Jody lets the water out of the sink, and takes the cloth from Dean to wipe her hands too. ”I figure you’ll know when the time comes. And if you have to work it out together, that’s okay too, y’know?”
“I should get refills,” Dean grits out, and heads for the fridge.
“Yeah, about that. I was just telling Cas. I let her go. About a year ago. It — I — Look, I acted out of grief and I didn’t stop to think.”
Dean is flustered. “We’re not… it isn’t… What do you mean, finally?” He glares at her, then takes a breath. This is Jody. He can say it. “I didn’t even know how
as a thief, but he left fingerprints everywhere…”
“Sam,” says Eileen, patiently, “If you go with any name Dean suggests, we’re getting a divorce.”
“You were not impressed when this happened because of the pizza man, Dean.” Cas looks very serious.
, all swoops and swirls, white picket-fence around the open-air seating and the patrons all chirpy with their shakes and the red-and-white paper straws matching the checked tablecloths.
And he does.
As they walk down the steps into the garage, Cas looks quizzically at Dean. “What are we really going into town for?”
“Can I…” Cas begins, his hands caressing Dean’s lower back. “I want to see you, can I?”
"Not her body," he repeats woodenly, before turning to Dean with a frown. "That makes a weird kind of sense, actually. I mean, she literally vanished in front of me. Everyone thinks I'm crazy or that I did something or that I'm lying but she really did disappear. I was beginning to think I was losing it."
felt about him until I was knee-deep in purgatory a few months ago.”
“Tough if we're not,” she says. And then she’s looking off to the horizon. “Thanks to you, I’m in a better place — emotionally
Dean pulls the Impala into an empty spot in the parking lot outside the large red-brick building with Stillwater Juvenile Correctional Facility on a drab grey sign facing a row of identical pines. As he gets out of the car, he looks up at the barred windows and thinks about himself at 16, remembers his own experiences in Hurleyville, and he’s really glad it wasn't a place like this.
and goes back to firm, straightforward tugs.
you read this. also thanks to the folks in the profoundbond writer's café — your support is invaluable.
“I called Jodi, and Donna,” Sam says. “They’re all safe. No answer from Mom.”
“Everywhere,” says Jack.
“So Jack’s setting up a cosmic behaviour change program in purgatory? Sounds like a riot.” Dean laughs, around another big mouthful of food.
“That’s part of Jack’s plan, actually. Sort of a holding zone for souls to atone for bad behaviour before going to heaven. Something like the original Gehenna project, far as I can tell.”
“No, it’s okay,” says Sam. “I’d understand if she didn’t.” He holds up a glass of green juice. “To everyone we lost along the way.”
“Did you have something to do with that, Jack?” asks Dean. “Thought you were stayin’ hands off.”
“Hey,” he says, softly.
“Time to leave these two lovebirds to their nest.” Cas pulls Dean to his feet. With his back to Sam and Eileen, he raises a solitary eyebrow, and Dean grins. The whole bunker to themselves — he hadn’t actually considered the ramifications of that, but now that Cas has brought it up, he’s on board. “Are you okay to drive?”
The next morning, Dean starts searching for reinforced light bulbs, if there is such a thing. And whaddaya know, there is — stronger glass for use in areas with high vibration. Yeah, that sounds like what they need. For good measure, he adds a couple surge protectors for every power outlet in the bunker. It’s a good project and will take him some solid time — he’ll start with the ones nearest their bedroom, he figures — and then he has to stop to wipe the goofy grin off his face.
“Oh yes. We all are. Not sure why that’s worked for Bess since she’s a purebred. Pretty sure the same has happened with the vamps. We think Jack’s rationale was that if a person started out as a person and they were
Slowly the crowd begins to thin out and he can breathe again. Charlie and Stevie make their way over to him to say goodbye.
“Okay,” says Greta. She’s blushing. “I know it’s a four-hour-drive… I don’t expect…” She does go to move away then, but Carter isn’t letting her go.
It's so good to be able to bring you this final chapter — in the end, it all came together beautifully, no pun intended. It took us a little longer than we'd hoped to get here, but when we think about what we would want Jack to do with god-powers, this is the world we would have liked to see. This is the world where family is more than blood, and where Dean's arc has meaning, and where healing is possible.
Dean laughs at him. They toss the food and the newspaper in the back seat, and pull away from the curb, Baby rumbling gently under his hands, Led Zeppelin playing from the cassette.
“I’m not sure, Sam. Sorry,” says Cas.
Greta steps out behind him, and Jody sizes her up and nods. “This her?”
“Fucking prophets,” Dean adds.
. He suckles, licks, swallows.
“What’s the news?” he says.
“Yes, it took me a while to understand that one as well,” says Cas. “It’s not literal. Humans are very creative when they swear.”
“The President has signed an executive order establishing basic income for all following a deal with Jeff Bezos' ex-wife MacKenzie Scott,” says the newsreader.
“Ope, ja. Almost forgot!” she says. “I got a missing person for ya. Thought it was a late report of y’know, when everybody disappeared, but no, this one was just three days ago. But no record of a Greta Olson. Then I thought ghost, maybe, but we’ve got photographs. It’s a complicated one, that’s for sure. Vanished mid-kiss. Like a reverse fairy-tale. But without the frog.”
Thursday rolls around, and he squirrels himself away in a corner room where he won’t be disturbed, and flicks the scrap of paper between his fingers, back and forth, waiting for the clock to tick over and steeling himself to make the call.
“Why would Jack take pie away, Dean?”
Back at the bunker, the library has more people in it than he can ever remember before. The map table is covered in plates of cold cuts, and cheeses and crackers and at least five types of pie. He helps himself to a slice of raspberry and rhubarb — he had the apple and cinnamon earlier and it made him think of Cas, and that’s just not appropriate right now. He rolls his eyes at himself and snags a beer out of the well stocked fridge.
“Where?” Dean asks, sharper than he means to.
“Yeah, yeah,” he grumbles. “Hi, Donna, how are you?”
“I think a year is just the average,” Cas says. “It’s as long as it takes to complete the program. Bezos will be there until he understands the damage he did, until he understands the nature of the human condition in all its vulnerability and hope.”
It’s too much. It’s too much. He can’t. He’s not sure how he can hold this much emotion in one body. He’s spilling over. He pulls back to breathe, he needs air.
Sam and Dean chorus, “No,” without even thinking and then exchange a look.
Cas reaches over to lift Dean’s T-shirt over his head, bumps their hips and bellies together as he does, grins as Dean’s arms come back down and settle over Cas’ shoulders. Cas’ arms wrap around the back of Dean’s jeans, thumbs hooked in the belt loops.
“I’m gonna pretend you didn’t say that…” Dean mutters, fiddling with the edge of his waistcoat.
Freckles comes back with the incident report and it’s pretty much what Dean was expecting. Dammit, they need to get this kid out of here before someone puts him in a coma or before he hurts himself. They get permission from Freckles to take Grant for a walk in the yard, to see if being in a more relaxed environment helps him to open up.
“But I think it would be different, somehow, with you…” Dean trails off.
“Can I… can I touch? Cas?” His voice wrecked, blood thrumming through him,  his cock harder than he can remember in his life.
“See you in the morning, Cas,” says Dean, and he wonders if one day soon, he’ll be brave enough to say it back.
"Oh, thank god,” Carter says. “Is she okay?" He steps back to look at them both.
Dean reaches out and squeezes Cas’s hand, and Cas squeezes back. Sam raises an eyebrow, and Eileen shakes her head minutely at him. Jack smiles, and Dean keeps his hand where it is, feeling exposed but brave.
“I don’t know whether this makes it better or worse, and I don’t know how much the wiring of this vessel is your father and how much it is me, but I think he would have understood.” He looks over at Dean, smiles. Dean smiles back, although, did he mention awkward? Like, “hi, I’m in love with someone possessing the corpse of your dad, but we’re copacetic, right?”
Dean leans his elbow on the open window as he drives. Cas is next to him in the passenger seat again, and he could get used to that. Greta is behind Cas, still dressed in juvie denim and basic tee, but when he glances back, there’s something subtle she’s done with the way she holds herself, the way she’s leaning against the window, staring at the endless plains, that makes him think of Claire.  State route 60 is miles and miles of empty space, flat green fields to both sides. It’s a kind of peace.
“Chuck put himself in the story. That was his mistake. But I learnt from you, and my mother, and Castiel, that when people have to be their best? They can be.”
“Hello?”
“Yeah. And no one would believe me that I’d been home all day.”
Dean’s eyes are already half-way up their roll before he even notices he’s done it. Goddamn gooey rubbish. He shakes it off.
“Any leads?” asks Dean.
“We don’t have to do anything if you don’t want to,” Cas says.
Max, Sivan and Dean all stare at Cas.
“Yeah, it’s me,” she says, her voice tiny. Dean and Cas hang back to let them talk, but she’s asked for them to stay, and Dean is feeling protective anyhow.
“Let’s not test that theory,” says Sam.
“What do you mean, Jody?” asks Cas.
“I uh… so, listen,” James says. “I don’t wanna get all starstruck on you, but also, transparency. Obviously, I know who you are. Been a hunter myself, dropped more monsters than I care to think about. And now, y’know, working on a retirement plan.”
“We won’t hurt you, or tell anyone you don’t want us to tell neither. Go on.”
Cas does and moans again, guttural and wanton.
“Kaia, can I talk to you about what’s left of the other worlds?” asks Cas. They head into the living room, already discussing the aftermath of Chuck’s destructive rampage through the multiverse. Patience and Alex start to clear the dishes, but Dean stops them.
Eventually, Cas’s breathing returns to some semblance of normality. “Can I — is there anything you need, Dean?”
, Dean’s says, and Sam’s says something like,
“I see,” says Jack and turns back to Dean. “You called me. You seem upset.”
“Sounds about right,” he says, reassuringly. “I would not be your age again if you paid me. Body out of control.” He shudders. “Okay, we’ve got some things to sort out but leave this with us, okay?”
Dean laughs. “And apparently she’s going all Professor X on us.”
"Don't be angry with her, kid. She wanted to tell you… it's just… hard to explain, ya know? Especially with the whole psychic projection thing." Dean silently chuckles. So much for the idea that maybe life would get a little less complicated post-Apocalypse. Armageddon. Whatever.
“I don’t quite know yet.” He cocks his head, and his eyes lose focus for a second. “It might be because I love you.”
“Even better,” Dean continues, “he’d be JD for short. Good ole JD.” He turns back to the grocery-unpacking to hide his smirk.
“You said I’m not that person, Cas, but what if I am?”
Dean swallows, smiles weakly.
Dean laughs and claps Cas on the shoulder. “Just a silly old movie,” he says, and pulls into Jody’s driveway.
“I just need there to still be pie.” The panic is still in his chest, the urgent need to move away from this state of not knowing and into certainty, either way.
“Sounds terrific, kiddo.”
“I’ve been building a beehive.” He points towards the kitchen. “I was just on my way to see if we have lemongrass. Apparently you can attract a swarm of bees to a new hive with that.”
“You made it!” says Sam. “Wasn’t sure you would.” He too hugs Jack, towering over him by a good half a foot. He claps Jack on the back, before he lets him go, jaw twitching again.
“Of course, Dean.” Jack smiles again, beatific. “He was the first person I brought back. He’s my father.” Jack cocks his head to the side, like he’s listening, like Cas used to do so often. “He’ll be along momentarily, Dean.” The rush of relief, of gratitude Dean feels would be embarrassing but Dean’s had so much practice hiding how he feels he knows none of it’s on the surface. He’s good. He can wait. So long as Cas is okay, he can wait for however long it takes.
“Apocalypse was taken,” argues Sam.
hand on Cas’s thigh, Cas’ arm around his shoulders.  Then he feels Cas’s gaze on him, heavy, and sure enough when he raises his eyes, Cas is looking back at him. Cas’s tongue darts out ever so briefly to wet his lips, and Dean knows that if he made some excuse and hinted for the others to leave, they would, but they’d also assume it’s because he and Cas are going to fuck and that’s not it at all. Maybe Cas would assume that too and Dean doesn’t want to lead him on. Sure, he said he didn’t mind waiting but even angels have limits to their patience, right? Fucking hell, but sometime soon, they need to fucking
“Huh. No ashtrays. No cigarettes?”
Dean was right about Sam’s intentions but he’s still surprised about the momentum of everything when they get back. It’s a whirlwind and next thing he knows, a month has passed, there are hunters from all over the country staying at the bunker and he’s got Cas fiddling with his bow-tie and smoothing down his suit. If he were any less nervous, he’d shoo the guy’s hands off him. As it is, the assistance is kinda necessary.
“Greta?” he says, tentative, taking a step forward.
“Oh, god,” says Dean. “Of course.” There’s a box of tissues in the single drawer in the dresser next to the bed, and he leans over to get them, hands a few to Cas, who wipes himself up, and then looks around for the trash can, aims, throws, misses.
“Intriguing.” Cas wipes his mouth where the BBQ sauce is threatening to drip. “Tangy.” He inclines his head, chews some more. “But food still doesn’t taste like it does to you, or when I was human. Not — intense, like it is for you. I wish it was.”
“What if we want to see you?” asks Sam. “Or have a beer or whatever?”
“Did I say something incorrect?” asks Cas.
Cas nods, almost shyly, his fingertips running along Dean’s forearm, and Dean is reminded forcefully again of Cas, tear-drenched, saying that being with Dean — like this — was something he thought he couldn’t have.
“Let’s just say I’ve gotten out of their way,” Jack says. “Chuck made everything too hard. Towards the end he just dialed up the difficulty level — so many bad things. It felt like he was on his way to his old routine, you know, frogs, murder hornets, plague.”
Cas nods, and flicks his wrist as his hand rises to the engorged head of his dick but shakes his head minutely, gasps out, “Too much…
“Would you like a massage?” asks Cas.
“Jeez,” smiles Garth. “Was it s’posed to be a secret?”
,” he snaps. He leans forward, turns the key off and on again.
“They are,” says Jack. “But it turns out that if you let people strive for good in a system that isn’t loaded against them, amazing things happen.”
“To kiss her,” say Dean and Carter at the same time. Carter grins at Dean, connection established.
“I still don’t see what’s wrong with Armageddon,” Cas says.
Dean clambers for a point of reference. “You know how sometimes you meet someone online and they’re not exactly who you think they are?”
Dean almost scowls at Cas — that’s hardly youth worker language. Sounds like it verges on weirdo religious talk that’s more likely to scare the kid off. But the look on his face is sheer relief. Hmm.
Cas has been glancing at Dean, blushing and glancing away again all day. Sam and Eileen are off on some romantic getaway, and Dean thinks he knows what’s up with that. He’s proud of his little brother, considering. And so here they are, him and Cas, bouncing off the walls in the big empty bunker, just the two of them. By unspoken agreement, tonight’s the night.
“Dean,” Cas starts, pushing him back, holding him at arms’ length. “I need to… I shouldn’t have…”
As they leave Lebanon and turn onto the road to take them back to the bunker, Dean thinks about all the lives that might have been, the different versions of the timeline ahead. The ones Sam told him about where they killed each other. The one where they turned into werewolves or vampires and Bobby and Jody killed them. The one where he was stuck in a Ma'lak box for eternity going slowly mad from the Mark of Cain. The pointless one he always feared, dying on some random, meaningless hunt, killed by a rusty nail or falling down a hole and snapping his neck, wrapping up some mess his Dad left unfinished. All of those awful, meaningless ends, performing his pain for someone else’s twisted pleasure.
“Can I take these off, Cas?”
Jody looks at him askance. “Sure,” she says. “Look, I only met him the once but even then I could tell that angel loved you from a mile away. And then the way you two kept looking at each other tonight?”
“I know that. But she told me off for being a goddamn hypocrite when we were deep in our cups one night and she was right. Besides, do you honestly think that you can heal me as many times as you have, lay your hands on me and heal me with your grace and that all it did was affect my physical form? Cas, you healed
Cas’ arms surround him, his strength and warmth a balm to his soul. Dean rests his head in the crook of Cas’ neck, cradled, Cas’ fingers at the nape of his neck. The rest of the world falls away, Cas’ solidity the only reality. The hot tears really start to fall now, the ache of what he’s given in the past to get this closeness, the echo of Cassie accusing him of shutting the door anytime he got anywhere into the neighbourhood of vulnerability, the games he’s had to play. And she wasn’t wrong.
Dean knows how he likes it but everyone is different. “Some people like a twist at the top of the stroke, if you want to try that…”
Carter nods. "Huh," he says simply. "…yeah, okay." He looks out over the field, brow furrowed.
“You got a better idea, Sammy?” Dean says, knowing he doesn’t.
Eddies of intensity strike randomly, embers in his belly, drips of magma coiling at the base of his spine. Cas is moaning almost continuously now, a rising incantation of Dean’s name and wordless praise. Dean can only hold on for the ride, mind a blank litany of
“What?” he says, and he knows that’s not exactly useful.
“Me, too,” says Dean.
“I thought you said you’d never kissed a man,” says Cas, surprised.
He teases for a little longer and then finally, finally licks along Cas’ balls, his shaft. It’s been a long time, but this silken skin is so familiar on his tongue. The musky smell of him is reassuring, Cas but earthier. His dick jumps slightly as Dean laps ever so gently against the bundles of nerves under the head.
They’re in the library one afternoon, Eileen bent over Sam’s scrawled notes trying to decipher something, Sam lost in writing more scrawl, pausing every so often to tuck a loose strand of hair behind one ear. Eileen keeps smiling fondly at him and Dean just about to say something about it when his other-other phone rings. It’s Donna, and he puts it on speaker.
Dean folds to his knees in front of Cas, runs his fingers along the waistband of his underwear, smiles as he sees Cas start to plump up under the attention.
The guy laughs. “Sort of. Not quite. Just got out of my own therapy, yeah? And the way this works is we sort of just pay it forward, pass on the techniques, y’know?”
Eileen signs something to Cas, who smiles, and responds, “Yes, we did. Thank you.” Dean frowns at him. Since when does Cas read sign language?
“Not quite,” says Sam. “There’s something different. Something I’m missing. I can’t put my finger on it.”
“No, it’s…” Dean runs his hand across his mouth. “You were a little bit right, earlier. I’ve never kissed a man, Cas. I’ve definitely thought about it. There was an old, old friend, Lee… he and I… but that’s ancient history now.” He takes a swig of his beer, swallowing down memories and old fears, and Lee’s death, far too recently.
“I don’t know anything about that,” says Carter. He sounds like he’s telling the truth, to Dean’s ears. He’s got a reasonable idea what it sounds like when someone is evading a question about their sexuality, to his own chagrin.
“Hello, Jack,” says Cas.
Well, stuff all of them. He does deserve more, he realises. He does deserve Cas. He looks across at him, in the passenger seat of his car, and puts his hand between them, palm down, in case he misread the gesture yesterday. He looks back ahead, and doesn’t dare to hope. It takes a moment, but he feels Cas cover his hand with his own, and intertwine their fingers. Dean keeps his eyes firmly on the road and they drive on.
Hey lovely peeps. I've had a bit of time lately with the breakup of a major relationship, and some hard mental health recovery stuff. I've now stepped back from co-authoring from this point onwards, but will still alpha read the next few chapters. Writing this fixit with Phoenix has been therapeutic for both of us. For me, exploring how healing can happen in a loving and healthy relationship, and how healing is required for a loving and healthy relationship, has helped inspire me to find the next stage in my own recovery. Thanks so much for all the comments and kudos. Much love x
Dean feels the energy flowing between them like a loop, from Cas’ hands at Dean’s back through Dean’s arm and into Cas’ chest, like their bond made manifest. The sensation of Cas’ grace grows stronger and the air around them seems to shimmer.
“We’ve catalogued who we’ve got and the overlaps in scenarios, if that makes sense,” says Jack. “I am still overseeing it while I’m here of course. But I’m struggling a little with how we deal with couples where one has been spending their eternity in domestic bliss with their life partner and the other has essentially been reliving one debauched week from the end of high-school over and over. I wanted to speak with Castiel about it. In person. And I thought I would — what is the phrase? — mix business with pleasure.”
Dean has a moment thinking about his Mom and the decisions he’s made under similar circumstances. “Yeah, nah, no need to justify it to me, brother.”
Cas stands up immediately. Dean throws a few bills on the table, throws back the last of the coffee, grabs his jacket off the back of the chair.
“Why do you keep comparing my mother to a dog, Dean?” Jack asks.
Around 8am, Eileen wanders into the room cradling a cup of tea. She rubs her eyes, and pulls out a chair at a right angle from Dean.
“Dean, honestly,” says Cas, half-sitting up. “Which bit of Chuck being a giant jerk did you miss? Why do you suddenly think there’s any validity in 613 random rules He put together to dick around with a group of desperate refugees in a desert that He’d gaslit into thinking they were His favourites?”
They head to the convenience store, which looks the same as ever. Dean comes out with three different flavours of kibble and has loaded Cas up with a tray of cans, and Sam’s newspaper tucked under one arm.
“Isn’t that what you wanted?” asks Jack. “Wasn’t that what Team Free Will was all about?”
They drive a little further. Dean remembers this stretch of Sioux Falls; it’s like there’s a church every few blocks. The next one has a classic white sign-board out front with black metal letters spelling out, “I AM IN EVERY DROP OF FALLING RAIN, SAITH THE LORD. EVERY SPECK OF DUST THAT THE WIND BLOWS. AND IN THE SAND, AND THE ROCKS, AND THE SEA. — Book of Jack, 26:8-13”. Cas reads out another one from the other side: “HE FORGIVES AND CURES THE MONSTROUS. MICHAEL 10:8.”
“Is Carter okay?” Grant asks, urgently. He’s leaned forward, intent on the answer. “I didn’t mean… Does he know…
“You got that, then, huh?” Dean smirks.
“Um,” says Dean, eloquently. “What’s this?” He holds up the familiar magazine that’s found its way into their basket, but he definitely did not put it there this time.
“Dean,” Cas says, as if Dean is delicate and might break.
“I, uh. I think Jack made a few, uh,
It rings for just long enough that he’s wondering if he can get away with saying the guy didn’t answer, when a man’s voice says, “James speaking,” and he doesn’t have any excuses left.
“Yeah, Cas. It’s a 20-minute drive almost entirely in a straight line. I could do it in my sleep.”
Cas nods, a shuddery thing, needy and vulnerable. Dean reaches under, behind Cas’s back, feels up to where flesh turns impossibly to feather, scapulars soft against his hands, and Cas shivers, presses both back into his hands and forward, hot flesh against Dean’s belly, his lips falling open breathless, his head falling back. Dean meets him — spark against spark, igneous — and then they are kissing again, hungry, liplocked, grace surging between them, arcing electric, bodies moving without thought, just pure lines of heat melting into each other. Dean buries fingers into feathers and is rewarded with hitched breaths, then finds himself gasping as wingtips caress the small of his back with intent, even as Cas twines fingertips into his hair to tug him closer.
“There used to be one prophet per archangel,” Cas says. “Maybe Jack liked that set-up? Or it’s a cosmic prank…”
“It is both a blessing and a curse.”
“Oh, ja,” says Donna. “Sorry, that’s why I called. We think we have a brother in juvie, thought you could come down and do an interview.”
Dean pulls Baby to the side of the far-too-empty street in front of Showalter’s gas station, tries not to cringe at the
“Prophets,” they say.
He watches as Greta walks back inside with the guard, and then stares into the middle distance, frowning. “We’ve got to get her out. Soon.”
Patience and Alex wander in from outside, and hang up their coats. Alex sits down as Patience heads into the kitchen to help Jody. Claire and Kaia are loitering in the door frame, gesturing into the corridor.
Jack looks — well, Jack looks weirdly calm for a guy who’s just imbibed 300 gallons of God juice. He smiles, closes his eyes. There’s four, five seconds of eerie silence. Dean’s pretty sure he holds his breath.
He’s not quite ready for any of this but somehow even having made that call, he feels a little more settled, a little more grounded. When Cas wanders past half an hour later, Dean snags him by the waist and reels him in, looks up at him, content.
Cas stares at him. Waits.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Not a euphemism. Actually need him to check the roast.” He holds up the cornbread he has in one hand and the plates he has in the other to demonstrate his current inability to do the task himself.
"Can I see her?” Carter pleads, his face awash with a mix of relief and giddy urgency. “Why is she in juvie? What the hell happened?"
Dean finds himself distracted — watching Cas’s hands, resting on his jean-clad thighs, following the movement as he runs his left hand along the inside of his right seam. He almost wishes the others would go, so it would just be him and Cas, like it is most nights,
“Congratulations,” Cas is saying as Dean steps up next to him. “Kaia is a brave and amazing person. I’m happy you found each other.”
Dean leans down, in, and presses their mouths together, kissing Castiel for the first time, the soft, wet warmth of him sinking into Dean’s skin like cherries or peaches, sweet and tangy, slightly sticky, just right. He pulls back, like it’s too much, like he’s imposing, like maybe Cas didn’t want — but Cas surges back up and claims his mouth again, hand in Dean’s hair, kissing him and kissing him and honestly, it’s revelatory. He feels alive all over, tingles in his belly and his toes, delight in his heart and his eyes. He feels like he does when he listens to really good music turned up beautifully loud. He feels — joy; yeah, that’s it. Exultation.
“So I get to see her, but then I have to say goodbye?”
“Charlie is a woman, Dean.”
Cas’ eyes widen as he realizes what Dean has said, and he threads his fingers into Dean’s hair, hand resting on his head like a benediction. He rocks forward, experimentally, and Dean stills to be the yielding receptacle to Cas’s thrusts.
hard, just enjoy the kisses and the sensation of Cas, strong, solid Cas, wrapped around him, touching him
Dean can feel the blood rushing to the tips of his ears and he feels warm all over. He resists squirming in place, palms on his thighs.
“Hi, Donna,” Eileen says, once it’s connected. Donna’s outside, next to her car, her uniform neat as always. She waves at them from the small screen. “Nice to meet you, finally.”
Greta nods, and she wipes a sniffly nose on her forearm. She doesn’t make any move to leave though.
“There’s no hurry, honey. We still don’t know the gender of the kid,” acknowledges Sam. “It’s a 12-week old fetus.”
"What do you mean?" Carter looks confused again, poor guy. Dean really has to remember not everyone has been dealing with this shit for 15 years.
. I hear your prayer.
“So will I,” says Castiel.
“Hmm.” Cas frowns again.
Castiel lifts his other hand and places it on Dean’s hip, tightens his hold, and Dean feels something loosen in his chest. He feels safe, protected, maybe for the first time since he was, like, eight. He’s never been the one in this position with a partner before, always expected to be the strong one. He feels a lump in his throat, and swallows down the moment of shame. He can almost hear Charlie’s voice in his head,
Dean kisses the column of his throat, behind his ear, lips against his pulse point and he feels, too much, like he might burst with it, this intimacy, this vulnerability, this
Dean boggles at him, trying to work out what on earth Cas is talking about. He has a very dim inkling about it. “Cas, that was
“What?” says Sam, as he signs it.
“They just weren’t brought back, as far as I can tell,” says Cas. He looks up with a smile as Dean places a plate of bacon and eggs in front of him.
“Guess I just assumed free will meant they were free to choose evil too.” Dean isn’t sure why he’s pissed about this but it feels too — neat, somehow. Sue him if he’s got a few trust issues after the life they’ve had.
“You… healed me.” Cas’s voice is faint, like it's dragged up from the cool depths of a glittering cavern. “My grace…” He takes in a sharp breath, seems to take stock, flexes minutely and the fists of his wings lift, alula fluttering. He looks to his side, experimentally stretches out, looks back to Dean, piercing gaze pinning Dean still. Dean squirms under the attention, and then he is wrapped up, in firm arms and wings both, entirely held.
“Been talking that through with Donna, actually,” says Garth. Is everyone talking with Donna? The woman does seem indefatigable. Garth waves over a blonde woman. “Oh, hey, you remember Bess and the kids? Little Sam and Little Cas weren’t even walkin’ last you saw them! Lookit ’em now, though.” Two little toddlers look gummily up at Dean, and he gives them a half-hearted wave. The little girl hiding behind Garth gives him a toothy grin. It’s frankly unnerving.
Dean’s eyes narrow subtly, searching for signs that Carter had something to do with it. He notices Cas doing the same.
Dean leans down to unlace his boots, slides them off. He sits next to Cas on the bed, legs outstretched next to him, their hips touching. He wonders, briefly, whether he should have undressed more — left his T-shirt on, of course, but maybe taken his flannel off?  He doesn’t have time to get into overthinking it though. Cas wraps one arm around him and tugs him down, so his head is on Cas’s shoulder. It’s almost instinct to turn his body towards him, shuffle down so his head is on Cas’s chest instead, one leg slightly over his. He can hear Cas’s heart beating, and feel his chest rising and falling.
Dean flips the eggs.
“It’s okay if you never do, Dean. Truly. I think you are putting more pressure on yourself to conform to some behaviour you think I want from you than I am.” Castiel closes the distance between them again, and kisses Dean’s hair. “When I said I thought I could never have this, I wasn’t talking about sex. This is what I was talking about — this quiet space with just us, and being allowed to touch you. It’s enough.”
Kaia and Claire are talking with them, holding hands, which makes something in Dean’s chest crack wide open. Kevin is over by the door talking animatedly with a young woman — he heard on the grapevine that he’s slotted neatly into his OG-self’s life and has actually gone back to college.
“Really?” It’s pathetic how grateful he sounds.
In the darkness, after, Dean stares at the ceiling, and says, quietly, almost hoping Cas won’t hear him, “I don’t know how Sam can face it, being a father.”
“So,” he starts, and fuck his nerves, really. He clears his throat and starts again. “You asked me, what now? What do
In the kitchen, Jody fills the sink with warm, sudsy water, and for a while they work without speaking.
Greta runs a hand over the stubble self-consciously. “Yeah, um. Hopefully it’ll grow back quickly.” She looks away.
“Cas, can you check the meat for me?” asks Dean.
Eileen says, “Who’s the president?” and Dean glances in the rear-vision mirror as Sam looks it up, grins and signs back three letters. He didn’t catch what that meant, but they’re both laughing happily, so it must be good news.
Sam laughs and kisses her hair. “Noted,” he says and signs.
you,” he starts, the familiar line feeling like a betrayal.
Cas tightens his hold. “I can hide them again, I think, like I used to… but I like being able to do this with you.” He blushes fiercely. “And it feels incredible when you touch them.”
“Different how?”
Cas’s fingers dig into Dean’s lower back, and traverse his spine, up and up, firm strokes that are more than scratches, almost predatory, and the deep pressure is something Dean craves. He pushes back into it, then leans down to kiss Cas again, lips parted, tongue darting out to touch Cas’s own and then they’re kissing for real, deeper, tongues chasing each other, lips sliding against one another, hand tangled in his hair, tugging just enough. Dean reaches down, almost on autopilot, dips his hand beneath the waist of Castiel’s sleep pants to wrap around that hardness he’s been feeling. Without thinking, he swipes up, gathering the moisture there, and then down, spreading it, smooth glide, and they haven’t stopped kissing, and he prays to Cas, tells him how beautiful he is, how beautiful his cock feels in Dean’s hand, how Dean wants to feel him spill all over his hand — and he’s surprised to realise he means that. Cas groans long and loud and then he’s doing just that, pulsing in Dean’s hand and arching up to kiss him more raggedly, nips at his lower lip, half-gasps open-mouthed, and then flopping back, astonished, but still with both hands on Dean’s face, holding him in wonder.
They pull up on Mill Street, a little way away from the Science Museum. Greta gets out of the Impala, and walks them down to the riverside. Dean’s guessing that Carter said to meet where he kissed her as part of a last test that it’s really her, and on one hand he doesn’t blame the kid. On another, he knows that the second he sees her, he won’t have any doubts. It’s overcast, and the chill in the air is hinting at the weather to come.
They pull into the bunker’s garage and let themselves in through the service door. Miracle is so excited to see them back, she’s yipping and then doing 360s.
“Cas, no. Stop.” Dean takes a breath, squares up to it. “I’m sorry I didn’t say anything. I’m sorry I didn’t say it back.”
“Isn’t it?” asks Dean. “I’m not actually sure any of us get to put down the job of fixing the world.”
“Did you —” Cas stops. “Did you do those other things so you could be kissed?”
“Is that what we’re calling it?” Donna says. “Not a fan.”
“Son of a bitch! Warn a man next time, Jack!”
Thanks so much to
“You remember everything?”
“We’re still working on it.” says Eileen. “I vetoed Doomsday. I like ‘The Cataclysm’.”
. And your love for me, what you said to me yesterday — Cas, it was the last piece of the puzzle. I couldn’t — love you, when I thought I wasn’t worth loving.”
“Being around you makes me happy, Dean. I don’t need more than that.”
ago.”
He turns over in the angel’s arms, and it’s really him. Not a dream. Cas opens his eyes and Dean sees the moment they widen minutely. Cas immediately moves back, creating distance between their torsos and their groins.
And now they’re almost done with it, and the way Cas keeps dropping lidded eyes to Dean’s lips is starting to make Dean squirm.
“It’s very helpful,” says Cas.
Max inclines his head. “Dean. And this is Sivan.” The guy reaches out to pump Dean’s hand. He’s got two inches on him, but the dude is strong as an ox.
“He’s not the Messiah, he's just a very naughty boy…” says Dean.
Dean wanders back to the kitchen still figuring out the details, grabs a beer from the fridge, nudges Cas’s shoulder with his hip as he passes the space where he and Sam are ensconced in their respective books, and Jody and Dean spend a lazy rest of the evening just catching up, like family do.
Cas grabs Greta’s bag from the Impala, and they all head into the house.
They’re not getting it, Dean thinks. He can’t listen to this.
“This is us, taken a week before,” he says. “We went to a movie for the first time. Held hands. It was our first real date.”
I wanted to take a moment here to thank upsidedownertron, who has been one of my best friends for 20 years. It's been such a beautiful journey writing this with you, from the moment we watched the finale together to planning out all the ways we wanted to heal both Dean, the world and each other. I also want to thank n_nami for cheerleading and support, and of course hanitrash and badrituals for beta reading. Oh, and also Merit on the profound_bond server for the fancy casserole recipe! And to our readers: thanks for being patient while we worked out how we were going to continue. Your comments and kudos sustain us.
“What do you think this is, Dean Winchester?” she says, mock-serious. “A Home for Wayward Girls?”
“Huh,” says Dean.
“I think the car’s fine, Dean,” says Sam, in that explaining-it-like-he’s-five voice.
“Yeah, Cas, when you ‘raised me from perdition’, but after that too, over and over. Cas, man, I got layers of crap so deep, it’s hard to find the good under it but you…” He stops, swallows. “Then I started to … feel things for you but I told myself a man like me could never deserve you. And even then, you believed in me. You — loved
And then the hubbub of the world returns — the hum of insects, the call of birds, the jangle of a bicycle bell, people at the café just talking, like nothing happened. A dog barking.
It’s Cas’s turn to cover Dean’s hand with his own.
Cas has been nodding along as Jack spoke, and Dean exchanges a glance with him. “You too?”
“So,” says Castiel. “You love me. And I love you. What now?”
Dean says, “Who knows?” at the same time as Cas says, “Thessalonians.”
“Good,” says Cas. “I want that too. When I was in the Empty, I imagined holding you. Comforting you.”
Cas’ eyes glow blue. “I’m not… This isn’t
“James Dean Winchester?” scoffs Eileen. “No.”
“He had to have made a deal,” says Dean. “Like, before the apocalypse.”
He swallows. Breathes. “Me,” he says, with as much bravado as he can muster, and he’s pretty sure asking for help ain’t supposed to be this difficult.
When Dean finally finishes telling the story of how they tricked Chuck, they turn back to find Sam and Eileen still standing on the other side of the road, two feet apart and awkward as ever. Eileen signs something to Sam and he turns around as Cas and Dean approach. “Uh, hey,” Sam says. The muscle in his left jaw twitches as he swallows. That’s been happening a lot lately, Dean thinks.
“Well,” Cas says, after a moment. “I was right. No demons, no hell. There’s still a heaven, and still angels. I mean, apart from me. Although Jack is reorganising heaven and wants to know if I’m interested in being involved.”
physically. I kind owe you a lot, y’know.”
Jack shrugs, nonchalant. “I’m me,” he says, simply. “But — I know what you mean.”
The speed of the wedding is explained a few weeks later when Eileen reveals she’s pregnant. Dean is a tiny bit concerned at the number of people whose response to “Chuck tried to eliminate not only our world but every alternate version of us that exists” seems to be to create small copies of themselves. Is there going to be a boomer generation born nine months after the Blip with most people not even really remembering where the impulse came from?
Cas kisses his shoulder. “I think that sounds like a really good idea. But in the morning, okay? I’ll hold you. You sleep.”
“You have a point,” Dean acknowledges grudgingly.
He looks around again, tries to imagine them all in a few years, maybe Christmas morning, a tree in that corner, and wrapping paper all over the floor, kids squealing. Cas by his side. He reaches over and squeezes Cas’ hand. “G’night,” he says, simply. And they leave.
“Of course,” says Jack brightly. “It’s done. Try the key again.”
Dean gets two beers from the fridge, carries them back by their necks and hands one to Cas. He pulls out a chair, turns it around and sits on it, legs spread across it. He leans his arms on its back, bottle dangling from thumb and forefinger. He can practically hear Cas thinking, as he stands there, awkward, holding his beer stiffly.
“So. That crack I made about the Home for Wayward Girls,” Jody says. “Might actually be serious about it.”
“Sure,” says Claire. The two of them stack their plates, and head out.
“You could do that,” says Jody. “You don’t have to, though. There might not be demons and vamp nests any more, but people still make mistakes; there’s still magic and giftedness, and prophets — and human monsters.”
“That’s terrific!” she says. “What brought this on?”
“Dunno,” says Sam. “Ended homelessness, maybe?”
“I’m not sure I’ll survive the night,” Cas says, with a soft twinkle in his eye, and takes Dean’s hand again.
Cas sighs. “I tried really hard not to make that weird.”
Half an hour later, Dean is leaning against the counter while Jody adds finishing touches to the meal, and hands him bowls of fragrant, steaming stew to take to the table.
Someone puts on music and they push tables back in the map room. The younger people dance. Dean and Cas lean against the filing cabinets and watch them, content. After a while, Dean snakes his hand out towards Cas and threads their fingers together. Cas strokes his thumb down the outside of Dean’s knuckle, and Dean can’t remember being this happy.
“That never did make much sense to me,” says Cas.
“Truly a religious experience.”
“Oh, hi, girl! Hi. Hi!” He gets down on his haunches to really talk to her. “I don’t even know if we’ve got proper food for you, gorgeous, but I’m gonna find you a steak.”
[In which Dean and Cas follow up a case in which the girl in question is no ordinary girl — in more ways than one.]
“It was like this with everyone,” he sniffles. “With Lee. With Lisa. I’m so screwed up, Cas.” All he wants, all he’s ever wanted, is to be loved, this unconditional closeness and everything he’s been taught, everything his
“Uh, sorry,” he says. “There’s uh, there’s only one pillow.”
Dean barrels into him, wraps the angel up in his arms and squeezes him tight, like he’s never going to let go.
Dean looks at the photo of the two kids, and his mouth curves up slightly. Carter is in a crisp button up shirt, smiling broadly. His arm is  wrapped around a beautiful girl, a year younger than him, if that, nothing immediately remarkable about her: green eyes, a pale complexion and long wavy honey brown hair. She’s wearing a mint sweater and a floral skirt. About 5’8’’?  Dean’s no expert, but the dress looks a little dated somehow. She’s smiling too, but Dean notices her expression  is a little far away, like she’s remembered something important just as the photos were taken. Carter, on the other hand, looks like he’s having the best day of his life.
“Wrap your hand around yourself,” he says. “Yeah, like that.” Keeps his voice low, suggestive. Cas does as he’s told and Dean can feel the arch in his back, his head falling back against Dean’s shoulder.
It’s bittersweet. Thinking about Mom’s old dish makes him remember that there are still people missing — not just Mary, or Dad but people he hopes he’ll see one day in the big ole Roadhouse in Heaven, Jo and Ellen, Ash and so many others. But this’ll do just fine for now.
Sam squares his shoulders in the face of that, and Dean breathes in deep, notices himself noticing the soles of his feet in his shoes and the sound of the birds and the taste of the beer in his mouth, just like he’s practiced with James, and they exchange a look again,
“Makeover time,” says Claire. Jody’s grinning at them both. Cas raises an eyebrow. “What?” Claire continues. “Dean texted ahead.”
“I’m swell, Dean. That angel of yours takin’ good care a’ ya?”
Dean shakes his head — he’s honestly never thought about these social niceties. “Whoever gets to the door first, man.”
“Uh huh,” says Cas, noncommittal. “I might have some experience with deadbeat Dads. Just saying.”
Dean clears his throat. “Any leads?” he asks again, tersely.
“So you are… Him,” breathes Sam, awed.
Hope you enjoy!
“I quite like the idea of that,” Eileen says, looking up at Sam with a cheeky smile. “You’d make a great teacher, Sam.”
Dean’s fingers start to unbutton Cas’ shirt almost of their own accord, top button first, then the next, slowly revealing Cas’s broad chest beneath it. There’s a freckle just above Cas’ right nipple, and Dean traces his fingers across the warm skin. This time Cas moans out loud, deep and shameless, and Dean’s heart thumps in his chest.
One of my secret jams is doing much more research than necessary for tiny little facts, so imagine my joy when I discovered there's a little bar called Sam's Place in a tiny town not 15 minutes drive in pretty much a straight line from the Bunker. Similarly, Buffalo Roam is a real steak house near where the Bunker would be, and they really do have a mighty fine looking huckleberry pie that I think Dean would love.
Dean smirks, holds eye contact as he deliberately, slowly, runs those fingers back up the silky vanes, smooths the downy fluff closer to Cas’ skin. “I hadn’t noticed,” he says, nonchalant.
“Max,” he says.
Cas nods, wordless, a shudder running through him as Dean tugs down the cotton boxers. He pulls them down over Cas’ half-hard cock, holds them as Cas steps out of them.
“Dean, I’m not coming back home,” says Jack.
Sam and Eileen don’t say anything about the new sleeping arrangements and Dean isn’t about to volunteer for that conversation, but apart from that, Dean’s more content than he can remember.
Back at the bunker, Sam and Eileen make their excuses and head to Sam’s room, Eileen leading him by the hand. Sam looks back at Dean for a moment like he feels he ought to be doing something else, or that he’s going to get in trouble or something and it’s all Dean can do not to roll his eyes at him again. He gives Sam a thumbs up and a shoo-ing motion, and Sam
“So, is there a reason for your call, Donna?” asks Cas. Dean catches himself gazing gratefully at Cas and then realises the irony  — oh no, he is
“Not particularly,” Grant says, to the floor. He makes a strange gesture, like he’s tucking a loose strand of hair behind his ear, and Dean figures he must’ve had long hair before juvie and he’s still not used to the military length. He looks up at the security camera in the corner of the room.
” Grant rubs his hand across his face, back down his jaw and across the back of his neck, one anxious movement that’s clearly well practiced.
“Hold on,” he says, and he leans in.
7pm finds them pulling up outside of Buffalo Roam, its worn brown sign welcoming with boards beneath it promising not only a steak house but a dining room and salad bar. Dean opens the door and steps aside to let Cas through, only to have Cas stare at him and step to the side as well.
Sam signs a translation to Eileen as he says, “Hang on, switch to video…” and Dean presses the button and angles the screen towards her so she can read what’s going on.
Sam and Eileen are already eating at the table in the nook next to the kitchen when Dean and Cas get there. Dean sighs inwardly. To be honest, he was kinda hoping they’d still be asleep. Or out. He’s nervous about seeing Sam after last night. Isn’t sure what Sam knows, or
“Well, since you brought it up — did you want to put your penis into me?”
, “You’re supposed to go through. It’s a date thing.”
“They’re… adorable. And… human?”
, thinks Dean.
he thinks.
shit like that. He is not ready for this conversation, doesn’t know where to start. Doesn’t have his sometimes excuse of too much alcohol. Isn’t at that point where he needs to clean the pipes, and besides, he doesn’t want that mechanical interaction with Cas.
Dean turns the key, and Baby purrs to life. “There you are, girl!” He pats her dash.
Cas looks apologetic, one side of his mouth quirking up, but he pulls a chair up and he sits. Dean can’t help but notice he’s a little closer than usual. And for a man who doesn’t pay a heck of a lot of attention to personal space on a regular day, that’s saying something. Cas is picking at the label on his beer, not looking at Dean. Dean’s still running on adrenaline, or the aftershocks of adrenaline crash, one or the other. He can’t quite stop shaking, and he’s got this voice on a loop in the back of his mind.
Dean huffs a laugh. “True. Sexy, then.” Dean licks up the shell of Cas’ ear and the gasp from him makes Dean shudder.
Dean swallows, nods minutely, all his emotions so close to the surface it’s like he’s laid bare, pinned like a butterfly under a harsh light. Cas leans in and kisses him now, as easy as breathing. He fills his lungs with it.
“Hey,” he says softly, when he’s almost there, giving Cas an out, giving him time to say no, but all Cas does is gasp almost inaudibly, and bite his lip, his eyes dark, pupils blown, his cock stiffening against Dean’s thigh.
“Like a school?” asks Eileen.
“So, hey, Cas — wanna go out with me tonight? On a date?”
“Hggghnnh,” groans Cas. “
Dean sits back, thinking, then mops up some of his stew with a hunk of bread that’s mostly crust. He chews, thoughtfully. “I guess I don’t.”
“Hey,” Cas responds, and drops a gentle kiss on the top of Dean’s head.
He’s as ready as he’s going to be, and if he’s honest, kind looking forward to this, to the sounds Cas is going to make, to that feeling that he’s the one who made those sounds possible. And he’s always had a bit of a thing for oral, let’s not pussyfoot around that.
“Yeah, awesome,” the guy says. New York accent? Dean can’t quite place it.
Cas bends down and kisses Dean firmly on the mouth, and says, “Yes, Dean. I would like that very much.”
him, and Cas’ eyes widen, mouth falling open in shock.
She looks back at him, appraisingly, far too fucking old for 16. “We’re all a work in progress Dean, don’t get too hung up on the finish line.” She pats him on the shoulder, and looks away, slightly unfocused. “We’re pulling up at your place. I should let you — do whatever you were doing.”
Cas twists around to read the screen, and notices a few other people starting to do the same. Someone flicks on the sound.
“Hey, Greta,” says Jody. “Welcome to our humble abode. Come on in and meet everyone — I think you’re going to fit right in. No need to be shy.”
“Can we just say People of Letters?” Eileen says to Sam.
Surely Cas will come back to the bunker. They need to get back there, so Dean can… Fuck, Dean doesn’t know what the end of that sentence is. It’s contagious, apparently. He points a finger at Jack, grins at him, buries his anxiety.
The silence is painful. Then they both say, “I…” at the same time and that’s worse.
“You’re a —” Dean hesitates. He fucking hates the word ‘therapist’. “ — counsellor?”
“Yup,” says Dean, as he chops up some steak, and puts it in a bowl on the floor for Miracle. Back at the table, he uses Sam’s shoulder to steady himself as he swings down onto the low stool. “Saved the world again, got my angel back, Chuck’s out of our hair. What’s not to love?”
“Good, Donna,” says Sam, leaning towards the phone. “Everything okay? I’m uh… surprised to hear from you.”
“My vessel would like more,” he says, eventually. “I’m not immune to physical sensation. It reacted in a similar way when I kissed Meg. But with you… it’s different.”
“Mixed,” says Sam. “All sorts of attempts to explain what happened. Reports of alien abductions, the Rapture, mass hallucination due to the government spiking the water systems. But also the majority of people who were taken on the last day just think they lost a few hours, so…”
“You asking us whether we want to be part of some secret cooperative supernatural rescue network?”
“Did you enjoy yourself?” he asks Stevie.
Dean can’t actually remember if Cas told him that, but it fits with the rest of it.
“Jack,” says Dean. “Jack brought you back. He absorbed Chuck’s power and he — Well, I guess he’s the Almighty now.”
.” He rocks his hardness up into the crease of Dean’s thigh and groans again, deep. “
“Really?” asks Sam.
“So, indefinitely,” Dean says.
He makes a split-second decision to pass on the good feels, and picks up his phone again.
“Cas…” Dean reaches up with his free hand, cups it and brushes away dampness with his thumb, awed.
He pushes back from the map table for a second, reaches for his coffee and just enjoys that thought.
He’s perfectly filled by the engorged hardness of him, over and over, and he loses himself in the rhythm of it, cataloguing heat and pulse, the salt-sweet sharpness of the pre-cum. He floats away, worships Cas with his mouth, with his body, with his soul. Dean brings one hand up, half-steadying himself against Cas as his thrusts speed up. His hand is met by Cas, their fingers entwining over Cas’s heart.
Carter looks at them both confused. "Tell me… what?"
“Can we… Can I get cleaned up, first?” Cas says, gesturing towards his lower half.
Sam takes barely two steps and crosses the room, wraps Dean up in a huge hug. “Jerk,” he retorts. “We’ll see you on Sunday for breakfast.”
Dean: yes I’m a domestic abuse survivor who’s never gotten proper medical care. Yes I glorify my abuser. No I have no frame of reference to understand what abuse symptoms look like. On an unrelated note, yes I’ve been uncontrollably angry since I can remember and I don’t know why. We exist.
“You wouldn’t believe me.”
“Your hair!” Carter exclaims. He bounces on the balls of his feet, like he wants to reach out but isn’t sure what’s welcome yet.
,” snaps Dean, and fuck, he didn’t intend for that to come out as harshly as it did. He can’t quite believe it’s only just occurred to him but these are real women with actual lives he’s been using to prop up his bullshit. He’s suddenly furious with himself, with Lee, with fucking John fucking Winchester, with Cassie, even — every person who’s ever pushed him into this role he’s played for years and years.
“You do,” says Cas. “You did. That was — incredible.”
and the pulsing sense of Cas’ passionate response. Then, a building pressure, as a vast ecstatic feeling washes over him, limitless, inexorable, an eruption, as Cas comes between them and Dean feels every moment of it, grace moving in Dean’s body like liquid fire.
“Not exactly,” says Cas. “I don’t pay a lot of attention to children’s faces. They change too quickly. There’s no point memorising them. But I can tell you that the general distribution of attributes is unchanged. Weight, height, gender, skin tones.”
A few minutes later, there’s a tiny gasp from the back seat, and Greta says, suspiciously, “Are you two
“Okay?” asks Cas.
A long moment passes.
, nutty and like
Dean packs the leftovers into containers, puts it into the huge fridge, has a moment’s hesitation wondering if some of it should go into the freezer side and decides that’s a problem for future Dean.
Dean looks out the window and scratches the back of his neck with one nervous hand. “Being an oversexed stud. Being the kind of guy who chases the ladies and jerks off to that skin mag. It was all — cover. Going through the motions.”
“That’s what we will do first, then, Dean. Just that.”
Jack beams. “Oh, that’s hard to choose. I’m really glad you fixed the food distribution issues. I was surprised how rapidly that got sorted out. It’s nice not to have to listen to starving people begging for just one mouthful or a sip of water. And of course, that took out half the wars — so there are fewer people screaming in general.”
Dean’s glad he’s put the bowls down when Greta walks into the room, because he might have dropped something otherwise. She looks amazing — hair still too short, but long, dangly earrings with some kind of light blue stones brush her shoulders and soften that. He was worried that she was going to come down with bright red lipstick or something else inappropriate for a 16-year-old but he should have trusted Claire and Kaia more. The make-up is flawless — he’s terrible at that kind of thing so he doesn’t know exactly what they’ve done, just that her skin seems smoother, and she’s got some kind of light shine on her lips and gold and copper around her eyes. She’s wearing a gauzy loose top over a slender cream cami, with a silver chain belt, and a tan A-frame skirt. She also looks even taller, and suddenly he realises that it’s just because she’s stopped slouching.
After they’ve cleared the debris, Dean declares it’s time for the game. He followed through on his promise — there are new recliners in the den, and Jack plays with his, leaning it back and sitting it up again, watching the foot of it go out, in.
Heading into the outskirts of the city, there’s a crowd outside a church, protest signs held high. He slows down to decipher the slogans — “THE SON OF LIES TRICKED US” reads one. “TAKE US!” reads another.
“You look good, man,” she says.
“I know my damn car, Sam,” Dean grits out.
“C’mon. You know what? We’ll spruce the place up, we’ll get some recliners. Get you one of those big screen TVs.”
“The police said there was no one by that name when you reported her missing.”
Dean chuckles, wryly. “Probably not,” he says.
“I’m real glad you called, Dean. It’s mighty brave. So how it works, is we pair you with someone we think will understand your specific situation. They all got some trainin’, in working with people like this, but they also come from hunters, or got family is hunters, okay?”
“Thanks?” Claire responds. “That’s… from you… my real dad would have been incredibly uncomfortable and desperately tried to find something in the bible that made it okay but he wouldn’t have understood.”
, Dean prays.
“Um,” he says. “What else has Jack changed, do you think?”
“Uh huh,” Dean responds. “Heard you didn’t have enough of them, you know? Jody, Greta. Greta, Jody.”
“Ran away?” asks Dean. “Freaked out?”
“Holy shit, you look like your sister,” he exclaims, before he can think of more tactical approaches.
. Is that wrong?”
Dean rests the last glass on the rack, and dries his hands on the dish towel. “To be completely honest, I don’t know what I’m doing…”
“Actually,” Eileen says. “We talked about this a little last night. Sam and I decided we should document everything we remember about what happened, in case we start forgetting.”
“Pretty sure Baby is electric now, Dean. Didn’t that used to be a gas station?”
Dean nods. It’s kind of what he expected, given the whole “I know I can’t have this” melodramatic bullcrap.
, Dean prays. He slurps his way back up Cas’s length, swirls his tongue around the head and then licks the flat of his tongue across Cas’s slit. Cas tightens his grip in Dean’s hair and then comes in thick stripes across his tongue, his lips, and he gazes up at Cas, beatific. The lights in the room flicker, and then blow as pulse after pulse fills Dean’s mouth. Cas’ hips haven’t stopped moving, although the thrusts are starting to be more sporadic. Happiness, Dean thinks, is also just in the being sometimes. He swallows. Apparently angel jizz is a taste he could get used to — is that cinnamon? What the actual.
“Hey, what happened to Amara, when Chuck…” Sam trails off.
“I can see that, Dean. I told you, I like it when you’re happy.”
Cas is still staring at him. He clears his throat, eventually. “You…” he begins. Stops. “But you like women. You have made that abundantly clear. And your discomfort around men who are… you haven’t exactly hidden your disdain, Dean.”
The meal is everything he’d hoped for — the roast beef juicy, red in the middle like it should be; the potatoes, squash and carrots soft and slightly sweet with rosemary and salt. Over the years, Dean’s taught himself the difference between a mediocre burger and a goddamned magnificent burger, and now he’s teaching himself how to make food that makes his mouth sing.
Her voice is soothing, the practicalities solid and reassuring. Maybe he can do this after all.
“Yeah, none of that. Just, y’know. Don’t breach the conditions of your release here and make me look bad, okay?”
“I’ll clear up, buddy,” he says, low. “Why don’t you go get yourself comfortable? I’ll be in in a minute.”
. He smiles tightly at Cas, and turns back to the TV.
“I’m sorry, Sam,” says Cas. “Your mother has chosen to stay in Heaven.” He cocks his head, bird-like, as if he’s listening. “So has Bobby.”
“Yeah, Cas, that was amazing.” He pauses again, trying to work out how to phrase this, where to even start.
He tips his cold Ghost White beer back and enjoys the sensation of the cool liquid down his throat, the smell of the hops, the taste of the yeast.
“I’m glad,” Dean says. “It was good to see you, Charlie. I wish —” He trails off, looks at the ground some. She doesn't need to hear that.
Dean feels like he’s back in high school, a little giddy, if he’s honest. Out loud, though, he just says, “Great. 7pm? And I was thinking, that steak house out in Mankato?”
"Greta's trans," Dean says, straight up. "The Greta you met was a projection of how she sees herself. Her time with you was the first time she got to be her real self. That photo you showed us — like, that’s her but with long hair and a few more curves, y’know?"
“I’d like that. To talk about it. I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable,” Cas says.
The image switches to the President, standing in front of a lectern, her black hair tied back neatly, her teal suit immaculate.
“I think… it’s
“Did we?” Dean doesn’t mean for his voice to squeak like that and he mentally kicks himself for confirming all of her suspicions in one fell swoop.
, who seems to have
“And,” says Eileen, “it looks like there’s no such thing as monsters any more.”
“Since when did we not talk about hunting at the dinner table, Dean?” says Sam. “You’ve changed, man.” He claps Dean on the shoulder and chuckles. Dean glares at him and finishes setting the table.
Cas smiles. “Time for bacon?” he asks.
They sit in silence for a moment, and then Dean stands up. “Look, kid. We haven’t got all day. We’re gonna go have a little chat with the warden, and then maybe you and us can take a stroll in the yard. Have a think about what I said, okay?”
“Depends how good you are assembling baby furniture!” she says, and then she laughs and stands up. “Good talk,” she signs and says. Dean watches her walk away and goes back to Sam’s laptop and his list of tasks for the day.
“The latest one is a young queer telekinetic from Indiana named Eliot. We’ve connected him with some other kids in New York. But there’s too many of them, and we probably need a formal system to keep track of who’s ended up where,” says Claire.
“Garth! Man, gotta say, did not expect you!” Dean says. “Wait. Seriously though, how
“You should sit down, Cas. You’re making me nervous.”
things like that to a man. Not without
Dean grins and licks again, then sucks the head of Cas’ dick into his mouth, and suckles on it. Cas at full length is just right, compact, perfectly formed. He opens wide and sinks down, taking the whole of him into his mouth, feeling it snug against the roof of his mouth, just to the back of his throat and no further.
"So, uh…” starts Dean, articulate as ever, furrowing his brow slightly and pursing his lips. If he only knew where to start. Right. Classic avoidance tactic: make it the other guy’s problem. “Where would you like to start?”
“You bilocate,” says Cas, wonderingly. Grant — Greta? — frowns and tucks non-existent hair behind an ear again, then scratches at one shoulder with the other hand. “You’re in two places at once,” Cas explains. “You’re not the first. Historically, they’ve usually been lauded as saints, not locked up. But, I doubt Anthony of Padua stole dresses…”
“Seeing them?” asks Greta.
“What? No, no, Cas, it’s completely normal. You already, like, implied you, um. Want me like that? So I’m not. You know. Surprised.”
Dean’s all set to say that idea can jump in a swamp — Chuck hasn’t given them diddly — when Sam, looking sappily at Eileen, says slowly, “Yeah. I like that one.”
Dean grins back, gets slightly stuck gazing into eyes bluer than the sky, and then they both look down, abashed, and take another mouthful.
Cas opens his mouth to respond but they’re interrupted before he gets a chance.
It’s barely 10 in the morning. The sun is shining, the sky is blue — the kind of blue with white clouds that they put in photos in fancy wall calendars. It’s warm, but not too warm. He puts his jacket back on over his shirt anyhow.
This isn't the first time we've worked on a story where we've found ourselves writing a young trans girl being rescued by the heroes of the story and delivered into a loving foster family (see
“And you just wanted to give me a heads up. Thanks. Appreciate it.” He sips his coffee. “Lemme know if you need a hand or anything, I guess.”
Dean looks at his watch, and then at the sky again. “I don’t want to break up the party,” he says, “but if we’re gonna make it in time for dinner, we need to get going.”
“Oh, Dean,” says Cas, and he sounds quietly devastated. “I’m so sorry you felt you had to do that.” Cas reaches out a hand, and lays it on Dean’s forearm. He tries hard to hold it together but that gentle touch tips him over the edge. He shudders, and then Cas is holding him tight in the middle of the damned convenience store, and Dean lets himself feel it, the years of pressure to conform, the sob rising up inside him.
“Is deliberately avoiding the area usually part of the process, Dean?” Cas asks.
“Yeah, sorry,” Dean says, pushing away from the wall. “You’re just so…” He smiles, unsure how that sentence ends. So beautiful, so irresistible, so impossible.
The three of them disappear, chatting away as Jody and Dean share a proud parental smile. Dean hears Kaia saying she’s a dreamwalker and realises the two of them will have more in common than had even occurred to him. The kids are alright.
“It is. Will it make you uncomfortable if I hold you close again, even though the boner is between us?”
They finish their breakfasts — Cas has a second cup of coffee and generously lets Dean finish off the bacon.
“So how’s this work, anyhow?” asks Dean.
, Dean thinks.
you roasted quail. Who says you don’t deserve better?”
Eventually, they arrive at a room with high ceilings that’s clearly intended to look sunny and open, all blond wood and cheerful orange accents. Pity about the electronic locks on the door, you know? Dean and Cas step through and Freckles eagerly lets them know he’ll be just outside if they need anything at all.
“No, you
as always we wanted to thank our beta readers, hanitrash and badrituals.
It’s the Sunday after they get back from Sioux Falls, and the first Sunday of the month is family dinner. It’s a new tradition, in the sense that this is the first time, but Dean is determined. Roast beef, root vegetables. He even put the vegetables in a different dish so Sam and Eileen can eat them too, and let Eileen make some rice pillow thing that’s yellow and has nuts and fruit in it.
Grant is slouching on one of the chairs in the room, and he looks up when he hears the door open but doesn’t get up.
They both shuffle back against the headboard. Sitting up rather than lying down seems appropriate, both still shirtless, but with sweats firmly covering everything again. Then sitting next to each other feels too awkward, so Dean turns to face Cas again, one leg slung underneath himself a little, his hand on Cas’s thigh. He tugs Cas around a little to face him, too, and then he can’t help but think they probably look like two teenagers, sitting on the bed like that, a bit too close, but he’ll just have to deal.
He sits back on his heels, smug, as Cas blinks, dazed.
,” he moans.
He shows them to Cas and then, after a long moment Dean passes the pictures back  to Carter. “Can you tell me what happened the night she disappeared?”  Dean asks.
“Let’s take a walk.”
Dean cringes internally. He doesn’t want to explain. Not now, not like this. “Don’t need it,” he mutters. “Just put it back.”
“Hey, hey…” says Carter, pulling her close again. “You didn’t. I know that was really you, and I know this is still you,” he says into her hair. “Besides, I like tall girls.”
Cas is over with that cute witch they last saw in Rock River — Max, right? — and it looks like he’s being as incorrigibly flirty as usual, even though he has a date with him. There’s a split second where Dean thinks about Cas having a three-way with the two of them and the flash of jealousy is so loud, Cas looks up, surprised, eyes wide. He shakes his head a little, then cocks it in invitation. Dean grits his teeth, and looks away to see Patience eyeing him shrewdly.
“So, is there a reason for your call, Donna?” asks Cas. Dean catches himself gazing gratefully at Cas and then realises the irony — oh no, he is not going to turn into Sam. Uh uh. He squares his shoulders, and clears his throat. He’s pretty sure no one’s noticed.
“Well,” Freckles says, leaning forward conspiratorially, “Since you mention it, there was this one thing. In the CCTV footage, I woulda swore I was looking at a chick. Really good disguise! If he’d been less
, Eileen signs. And then she says and signs, “We’re looking.”
Dean started gawking around the first sentence and his jaw doesn’t have any wider it can go. He shuts his mouth. “Is… uh. Is there anyone who doesn’t know?”
Back at the house, Dean’s thinking about Cassie and Lisa still, about what felt good for him when it did and about how much he liked making his partners feel good. He’s a little bit wrung out, after earlier, but he also feels… relieved? that it’s all out in the open. He’s still thinking about it when they get into bed that night, as he undresses, as he curls up into Cas’s embrace as he always does.
Dean physically aches for that, feels as though every atom in his body is straining towards Cas. He makes himself take a breath, makes himself drink again. And when his heart has slowed down a little, and he trusts himself to speak, he says quietly, “Oh, Cas, I wanted that so much, when I thought you were gone forever.”
“Patience is clairvoyant,” explains Kaia.
Sam nods. Dean wants to roll his eyes, impatient as all get out, but he holds himself steady, feels a tremor growing in his jaw and clenches his teeth as Jack keeps talking.
Greta nods, slow and disbelieving. Dean signals to Freckles, who was watching them like a hawk from across the yard.
Sam looks at him and raises an eyebrow.
“That is a much more complicated question than you realize,” says Cas, and he looks like he’s about to launch into a rant about biblical genders, so Dean puts a hand on his forearm.
By the time he slides back off, Cas’s dick is rigid as a board, standing to attention like he’s aiming to get picked for a team or something, and Dean can’t help grinning. He did that. He finds that he’s put his hand on his heart without thinking about it, and for a split-second, he gets an image in his head of how he must look on his knees, mouth full of cock. He half-expects a stomach-roiling cringe, but there’s nothing but lightness, a sense that he’s exactly where he ought to be.
“Oh god yes. And coffee. I think yesterday was so goddamn hectic, I didn’t manage to have any.”
“Because you were gay?”
“Teddy, as a nickname, right?” puts in Eileen. “I’m not a fan of ‘Theo’.”
“Honestly, Cas, I ain’t got a clue.”
“I, uh. I can’t stop looking at your mouth, I keep imagining your mouth on me,” Cas says, rapidly, like he might chicken out if he stops. His breath hitches slightly, and then he says, blushing fiercely. “On my
“Uh, yeah. Hey. Dean Winchester. Donna gave me your number?” Dammit, he didn’t mean to sound so uncertain.
“Not… not a baby,” grunts Cas, but he does it anyhow.
Dean sprints towards him, calling his name, the world narrowed to this one point. Cas turns, a frown across his otherwise smooth face.
, whispers Dean’s traitorous heart). Dean turns the key, but the engine doesn’t turn over. “Oh, come
bedroom.
“Well, I can't take any credit for that,” he says. “Castiel picked out the suit.”
Claire: I have a complicated relationship with religion.
“Are you asking me on a date, Dean Winchester?” Cas’ smile is arcing up the corners of his mouth like he can’t help it, and Dean feels his own smile light up in return.
He wraps his hand around it now, velvet stiffness, opens his mouth, and licks across the head, dipping slightly into the slit. Cas groans and he almost stumbles, held up only by his hand on Dean.
“Yes, he was,” says Cas. He looks thoughtful. “So it is acceptable to have this reaction to being near you if Sam is not in the room. Noted. But you are not in the same state. You do not have ‘a boner’.” Dean can feel himself blush, the way Cas just
Cas is still glancing over to Dean every so often, so Dean excuses himself and joins him.
The hour’s up much faster than he expected and when James asks whether he wants to chat regularly, Dean takes him up on it. They set up a standing appointment for every second Thursday, and Dean knows there’s a long way to go from here but he already feels a tiny bit lighter.
show you how that works.” He wriggles up the bed and shifts Cas so he’s leaning back against Dean’s chest, nestled between his legs. He takes Cas’s hand and moves it down, towards himself, and in this position, Dean can whisper directly into Cas’ ear. He feels warm all over.
“Good. That’s settled, then,” says Jody. “Claire, can you get Greta situated, please? I already made up the bed.”
“What did you say?” asks Sam.
When he comes to again, they are lying side-by-side; he is surrounded by a curtain of oil-slick wings, and being watched by an angel. He faintly notices the soft lamplight illuminating Cas’ face. The light bulbs held through that as well, it seems.
upsidedownertron wanted to mention that this story is a reflection of both of our experiences with sex and sexuality, at various times, and that these experiences are layered and not simple. there's no one way to be ace or demi or experience discomfort or pleasure in sex. so, if you see an echo of your story in here, whether you use the labels we're using or not, those readings are valid. unlike certain networks that shall not be named, we encourage multiple interpretations. we love you and we see you.
“Fine!” Dean says, tight. He gets it, he does. Has known for a while that his beautiful V8 502 Big Block wasn’t exactly helping in the whole global warming shindig, but he misses that rumble under him, the sheer sense of power barely restrained. “But you don’t just
“Son of a bitch,” he says. He turns the key again but this time puts the car in gear and it glides smoothly away from the kerb. It’s unnerving, the lack of sound and he misses the smooth rumble that tells him his Baby is running happy. He tamps down his freak-out — everything is too damn close to the surface right now, it’s been a
“Oh, I don’t know,” says Cas. “We could get Miracle
“So far? Fishing boat down in New Orleans with a buddy of mine.”
“I’m angry, all the time, for no reason, Cas,” he admits. “I’ve been uncontrollably angry since I can remember, and I don’t know why.”
“Oh no.” She laughs, and it’s a million years from the kid he met last month, light and tinkly, like a glass mobile. “I’m in the van on my way there right now — with Claire and Kaia and Jody. Claire just commented on how Sam looked more like a deer in headlights than he usually does.”
roll his eyes at Dean, so that’s a job well done, but then they’re gone, and Dean and Cas are left alone. And, well. Fuck.
“When they showed me the footage.”
“Not… like. Not gas. Like, I don’t want
“You wait till dessert — did you see they have huckleberry pie and ice cream?”
Dean wipes the grease off his hands onto his jeans, and thinks how much he loves good food. Delicious bacon, good burgers, sweet… and then his brain stutters to a halt in a moment of sheer panic.
He feels Cas shift next to him, turn to face him, but he keeps looking away. The dark and not looking is the only thing letting him say this at all.
“You gonna — come back with us to the bunker?” asks Sam.
Grant looks at the floor, and if Dean can read body language at all, that’s shame he’s seeing. Huh.
In the corridor, Freckles stands up so fast he almost knocks his chair over.
Castiel looks down at their hands and then over his shoulder. “It’s a long story,” he says.
when he brought everyone back, Dean.”
“Wonder what other sneaky changes Jack snuck in?” muses Sam.
youth workers?”
. Okay, so maybe he’s dealt with being into men but the other tough guy bullshit is going to take some work. Cas strokes his hair, and it makes Dean shudder lightly, a tingle all the way down his back.
“Uh, what’s happening?” says Greta, as she is swept up in the current.
Carter’s head droops. “Yeah, I heard.”
He spends a little time reading up on the new fuel-cell engines, and more time under Baby, working out what he’ll still be able to fix himself. She even smells different — electric-metallic instead of the tang of gas and oil — and he tries not to be cranky about it. Evenings are spent having a quiet drink with everyone in the map room, or hanging out with Cas down in the den, watching reruns of Dr Sexy and introducing Cas to the genius of films like
missing.
“It’s a steak house?” he says. “So I guess it’s funny? Like, instead of a stag head. Oh, no, wait, there’s one of those too.” He points and Cas looks.
“Hey, yourself,” she returns with a smile. “I’ll get right to the point. I’m lucky, I can’t hear what’s going on, but the look on Sam’s face tells me it’s time for us to move out…”
Dean looks at his feet, before turning to Castiel, lips pursed. "Can we have a moment, Cas?"
The reinforced light bulbs do their job, and Cas learns to bite on his own knuckle to hold back his noises when he’s taking care of himself or when Dean swallows him down, the other hand fisted in Dean’s hair.
“Jesus, Cas.”
“Can I have this dance, mister?” Dean asks, and sways slightly in Cas’ hold.
“No, not the projection or whatever.” Dean shakes his head, turning away from Cas slightly as memories surface of his time in the boys’ home. “I mean, yes of course that’s a whole thing, but I meant who she is. You see Cas, places like this are…  hard for anyone who doesn’t play the game. If she’s stuck here too long, she's going to have a choice — either come out and get eaten alive, or turn hard and pretend she’s… she’s…” His voice catches as he remembers that choice; of that harsh numbness he carried before his angel laid his hands on him and his light released him. It’s going to be even worse for her, he realises. Dean was a guy who wanted to be softer, who liked looking at the other boys sometimes, liked it when Rhonda let him try on her panties. Greta isn’t a boy at all.
“It wouldn’t bother you?” asks Cas, still uncertain.
Cas nods, cups Dean’s cheek with his palm. “Yes,” he says out loud. “I can hear you when you reach for me like that. It feels — like an aching.”
"Do you want me to tell him?" Cas asks gently.
“Are you going to come in?” asks Cas, after too long has passed.
“You’re back,” he whispers into Cas’ neck. “I thought I’d lost you.”
“Then we’re all good. Who’s hungry? C’mon!” He sits down and grabs a large bowl of potatoes, serves himself a few, then takes a third one for insurance, and passes the rest down to Alex. Greta sits down next to Cas and then they’re all seated, a boisterous family sharing salad, and stew, pouring drinks and talking about their days. Dean exchanges a look with Cas more than once when he sees him smiling over something one of the girls has said.
They walk back to the car, and get in. Greta looks behind them for as long as she can, watching Carter getting smaller as they drive away but once they turn onto Spring Street, the apartments block their view of the waterfront and she reluctantly faces the future.
Sam raises an eyebrow at the two of them. Dean mentally dares him to make something of it. He doesn’t. Cas sits down next to Eileen, opposite Dean. He nods at Sam.
Dean turns on the TV and flops himself down into his chair, and the others find their way to seats as well. Dean fiddles with the remote till he gets the closed captions showing for Eileen, and then he sits back, takes a sip of his whiskey and lets himself relax a bit. Sam and Eileen get lost in the play, cheering when their team scores.
They walk up to the main doors and flash their ID at security, put their wallets and phones into the plastic tubs on the conveyor belt, step through the metal detector. The young guy who’s been assigned to take them down to the interview room with Grant is overly perky, a freckled redhead who apparently wanted to be a youth worker and instead ended up as an orderly. If Dean has to answer one more question about how he got into the career, he might bite the guy’s head off. On top of that, every step into the facility makes it more and more clear that it would have been impossible for Grant to have just popped out for a few dates.
“It is,” James says. “So, tell me about what’s going on for you.”
“And that’s what they’ll believe in. Well, I’m only as close as this.” Jack puts his hand on his heart and then holds his hand up in that strange way he has, a wave that isn’t a wave, like the toddler he is, just learning how his body works. “Goodbye,” he says, and walks away, fading into light.
Her eyes well with tears, and she shrinks down. “I’m so sorry, I never meant to mislead you,” she says, her voice breaking.
“Would you say yes if I did?” He can’t help the slight anxiety in his voice. He knows it’s ridiculous — he’s the one with years of societal bullshit saying he shouldn’t date dudes. Cas would probably be fine kissing him in the supermarket.
“Jack,” says Castiel, straightening up and stepping back from where he is checking the beef, just like Dean showed him. “Good to see you.” He wraps Jack up in a tight hug.
It doesn’t stop Eileen and Sam planning their move and looking for nursery furniture, and Dean prepares to separate his life from his brother’s yet again.
“Sounds sweet.”
“I did,” she says in response. “I have no idea who anyone is or why they’re excited to meet me, but they all seem nice?”
going to turn into Sam. Uh uh. He squares his shoulders, and clears his throat. He’s pretty sure no one’s noticed.
“No ashtrays,” says Cas.
Nonetheless, he’s totally up for the conversation about legacy when he and Cas return from the store one day and  walk in on a discussion about naming the kid.
“Who cares what we call him,” says Dean. “Is Cas… did you bring Cas… Is everyone back?” He tries to keep the tremble out of his voice, fails miserably.
“And that the fingerprints on the note you gave them tracked to a Grant Olson,” Dean says. “You got something you want to tell us about that?” He ain’t about to judge anyone for being into dudes considering his own, uh, circumstances right now, but even to his eyes, the chick in the photo doesn’t look like anyone named Grant he’s ever seen before.
“I’m so sorry, Dean,” Cas starts.
“It’s just for now. She needs somewhere she’ll be safe.” He hopes he’s making the right decision.
Dean shakes his head, even though she can’t see it. He gives up. Seriously. “Guess he is,” he says. “So, how’s this work? The… talking, or whatever.”
“That’s true,” allows Dean.
Cas’ eyes are red-rimmed, filled with tears.
“So, uh,” he says eventually, soothing Cas back down to the bed, trying to get the conversation back on track. He’s worked it out now, some of it at least. “Back to those things you want to do to me. We can talk about them? And I can let you know what I think. If that would… Yeah.”
Their meals arrive and Dean tries to work out if there’s a way to eat steak that doesn’t involve dropping Cas’ hand. He reluctantly concludes that there isn’t, and picks up his knife and fork. The meat is absolutely perfectly cooked — medium rare, tender as butter melting on his tongue. He moans aloud, and Cas’ breath catches. Dean knocks his knee against Cas’ thigh under the table.
Dean finds himself relaxing a bit more. “Yeah? What’s that?”
“So this some kind of astral projection? Or more like a clone situation?” Dean is trying very hard not to sound as confused as he is, but the logistics are twisting his head a little.
Dean looks up sharply at that. “There’s — wait what? Are you serious? No vamps, no wolves, no shifters? No hell hounds?”
When his part of the photos are done, he grabs a moment to himself leaning against Baby, readying himself to play chauffeur and preparing to face the hordes, when suddenly Greta is next to  him, wearing some kind of flowy peach number that makes him feel like he’s too clumsy to be in the same room.
"But I met her,” Carter says. “In real life. And besides, she’d never lie to me."
“I’ll get there,” Dean says, earnest, as if saying it will convince himself that it’s true.
“It’s a helluva time to bail,” says Dean. “Got a lot of people counting on you. People with questions. They’re gonna need answers.”
"Yeah, she wants to see you. Like I said, there's a bit of wrangling that's gotta happen first. But there's something more we need to tell you first." Dean pauses, his gaze darting to Cas, uncertain.
“Gimme a minute, Sammy.” He tries the key again.
He clocks the moment when the flavour changes, pre-cum getting thicker. He draws his lips over his teeth and closes his eyes. He sinks down as far as he can, relaxing his throat, opening himself, willing himself to take whatever Cas gives him, thinking,
“I adore you,” she signs, and says. “But sometimes you straight boys are very obtuse.”
His thighs are straining against Dean, as if they’re falling open without Cas even realising it. Dean strokes down one with his free hand. He can hear the wet slap of skin-on-skin as Cas grunts rhythmically, speeding up now, panting as Dean murmurs, “Yeah, that’s it, come on,” until Castiel arches back, overwhelmed, shouts as he comes over his own chest, and the lights he only just replaced blow again, and down the corridor they can hear muffled bangs, tinkling glass, and Dean laughs, shushes Cas, soothes him, peppers kisses to his temple, his cheek, his mouth when Cas turns in his grip.
He smiles at Cas who notices he’s there and smiles shyly back.
“Yes,” says Castiel. “Not as much as Jack, of course, but it has definitely been more pleasant.”
“I’ve changed my mind. You can watch me sleep any time you like.” He shifts slightly, stretches, snuggles back in.
“More than. I can’t even begin to… That was… No, I genuinely have no words for what that was.” He strokes one lazy hand down the underside of the wing around his shoulder. “These a permanent fixture?”
Dean can literally feel the blood rush to his face. “I… I… Yeah. Of course. We…”
We hope you've enjoyed the journey as much as we have. We'd like to especially thank n_nami and hanitrash, who have been cheerleaders from the beginning, and lenae for beta-reading this chapter.
“Yeah, that sounds like Claire,” Dean admits. “So you thought you’d come visit me, hey? Couldn’t wait to see me?” He laughs.
It’s completely automatic now for them to wander to their room together — they’ve been doing it for months — but with no one else in the vicinity, Dean feels weirdly free.
“I told him about Donna’s support network,” says Cas. “I don’t think the average therapist would know what to say to someone who is grieving the sister they made out of magic twigs after their original sister was murdered by a witch who looked like their mother.”
“Holy shit,” Dean exclaims.
which you should all go and read
She asks him a bunch of questions, then says she thinks a guy named James might be a good match, books him in for Thursday a week away, gives him a number to call and tells him again that she’s glad he got in touch. He scrawls the name and number down on a piece of scrap paper, thanks her and thumbs off the connection.
“This generous donation from Ms Scott has been made to the government with a couple of conditions.” She clears her throat. “Firstly, that we immediately move towards establishing a living wage for all Americans. Secondly, that we immediately enter into global negotiations to do the same across all our nations, establishing a global government, which has become possible recently with the remarkable cessation of hostilities across the planet over the last few months. We have agreed to both of these conditions and gratefully accept this donation.”
, he thinks.
“I don’t know, Cas. Maybe pie and soda and, and, and chocolate, maybe they’re all gone, in some misguided attempt to make us all eat healthy food, Cas. Maybe Sam ate rabbit food in front of the kid one too many times.”
“Nothin’ much,” says Dean. “Almost started to think about whether we needed to retire the weapons, you know? No more hunting to do.” He shrugs.
“You’re not your father, Dean.” Cas’ voice is gritty, determined in the quiet, lightless room.
“Did you hear they cured cancer?” Sam offers, as a startling opener. No, Dean had not heard that. He’s had better things to do than the Internet. “I didn’t understand the details,” Sam continues. “Something to do with dehydrogenase kinase? But apparently it’s a universal cell, reverses every cancer they’ve tried it on. It’s incredible!”
not ready to have this conversation with his
"I kinda like the campground rule, these days. Always leave things better, more cared for, than when you got there. Except she’s not a place to visit, kid. She’s a person. I can’t tell you what to do. Ask her what she needs. It might take her a while for her to know herself... So keep asking, and keep listening.” Dammit, that’s advice he’s gonna have to take himself.
He knows that’s ridiculous. There’s not a lot of logic in any of this. He’ll always know there’s no mechanical reason his car is making that sound. Even if Baby had had to be scrapped for some reason, he could never have gotten one of those new-fangled cars for the simple reason that you never knew what the heck was going on under the hood. No mechanical sparks, no points, no carburetor. He feels a tiny burn, a prickle in his eyes and blinks it away.
They lie there in silence for a few minutes, just gazing at each other, Cas' fingers trailing lightly up and down Dean's back, and then Dean’s stomach rumbles loudly.
“I’ll help wash up,” he says, stacking crockery and flatware. They don’t wait for him to have second thoughts about it, practically scampering out of the room and already talking about which movie they’ll set up for everyone to watch.
Dean clears his throat. He is
“If it’s a ghost,” says Sam, “it’ll be the first one I’ve heard of since the Rapture.”
looks at the ground again, blushing fiercely, and Dean has to remind himself she’s just a teenager.
if you want to read the other one). What can we say, it's definitely a form of taking care of our teenaged selves who needed rescuing and didn't have anyone.
“Nah.” That’s something Dean is pretty confident about; if he’s anything, he’s bi. The gender of his
“Uh,” he begins. “Everyone’s supposed to be on their way to the reception. Did you miss your ride?”
want to do?”
Cas cocks his head. “Liking
“That’s okay, Dean.” Cas toes off his shoes, sits on the bed. He reaches behind him, turning the one pillow vertically behind his back and scooches back against it, swinging his legs up in front of him. He pats the space next to him, looks at Dean expectantly.
Dean senses Cas looking at him through the doorway, and looks across at Cas. He nods at him, feeling that reassurance. He turns off the burner, and slides the eggs out of the pan.
at the top of a new bullet list.
Cas looks extremely pleased with himself, which makes something in Dean’s chest feel warm. He decides he wants Cas to be extremely pleased with himself more often. He snags Cas’s hand and fits his other hand onto Cas’s hip, rucks him back into a weird cuddle from behind. For a split-second, it’s odd, awkward, and then Dean drops a kiss onto the curve of Cas’s neck where it meets his shoulder, and Cas dips his head against Dean’s, melting a little into his touch. Dean is caught between blushing and grinning, steps back and squats on his haunches to put root vegetables into the box at the base of the pantry.
Dean almost pops a blood vessel. “Seem… No, Jack, I’m not upset, I’m damn angry. You fucked with my Baby. No one fucks with my Baby.”
“Ah,” says Jack. He turns to Dean again. “I thought you wanted me to reverse Chuck’s destruction of Earth? Burning dinosaur bones to slowly kill the planet seemed to fit the criteria.”
They walk out into the sunlight, and away from Freckles and the guards stationed at the door. Once they’re pretty much out of hearing range, Dean quietly says, “So, Greta…”
Dean gets up, refills his coffee and heads up to the griddle. He pulls half a pound of bacon and a bunch of eggs out of the fridge. Sets it all to frying and leans down under the island to fetch plates. Miracle comes over to beg for scraps and he shoos her away.
“That’s not what I’m saying, Cas.” Dean reaches up, strokes his fingers around the nape of Cas’ neck, pulls him close for another gentle kiss. When he pulls back, Cas is smiling up at him with those blue, blue eyes, and it warms Dean’s soul. “Making you happy is something I want. If you want it, then I want to try and do it for you.”
“‘Hi, Donna, how are you?’ ‘I’m swell, Dean, how you doin’ there?’ ‘Just dandy, Donna…’” Her voice is tinny down the phone line but her amusement is loud and clear.
That night, in bed, Dean snuggles up to Cas, thinking Cas deserves to be happy and Dean’s in a good enough mood. He wants more of that squirly feeling from earlier, and trusts, now, that Cas won’t push him to do something he doesn’t want to do. A tiny part of him whispers that he has to keep putting out or he’ll lose Cas, no matter what he said.
want?” asks Cas.
Before Cas can get too stuck in the misunderstanding, Dean decides to just demonstrate. He leans in and licks up the line of Cas’s jaw, sucks a kiss at the bolt of it, under his ear. “Anyhow, I don’t think that me fucking you is the thing you were thinking about earlier. Tell me,” he murmurs.
“Okay,” says Cas slowly. “I don’t understand. Maybe explain it to me, then?”
It takes a while for a property to come up nearby — Lebanon’s a town of just over 200 souls and even Smith Centre barely has 2000. Bizarrely, Sam and Eileen end up finding a cute cottage in Esbon, becoming the 98th and 99th resident respectively. Baby will be resident 100, if all goes to plan, and honestly, that’s weirdly comforting in its spookiness.
“Well, hi, boys! How’s it goin’?”
“I didn’t…” says Greta. “Get the reference, I mean.”
Dean raises his hands reassuringly, his face calm. "She will be. She's in juvie right now, but we're getting her somewhere she'll be safe." Dean resists the urge to tell him to calm down; he’d be freaking out too.
She puts a hand on his wrist. “It’s okay, Dean. We’re happy for you. And technically the bunker is big enough and we could just move to a different room, but we want a home. And a yard.”
She ducks her head a little. “Much. Thanks. I really don’t know what to say…”
He realises dimly that he’s not sure what’s next, and then sleepily decides that’s a gift too. He loves that there’s no script, that he’s not expected to perform a series of obvious moves that lead from pick-up to stripping to oral to fucking. It’s been a very long day. Cas is warm. They should probably find a second pillow. Or get under the covers at least. He’s too comfy, though. Soon. In a few minutes.
Dean frowns, derailed from his train of thought. “In a Leviticus way? That whole ‘lie with a man as with a woman’ thing?”
She looks up at him, eyes shining.
Their bodies shift in sync, both of Cas’ hands grasping the meat of Dean’s ass, Dean’s arms around Cas’ neck. He moves his mouth on Cas’ again, lips sliding, dips his tongue into that warm haven, feels Cas’ tongue respond, questing, the ebb and flow, withdrawing only to have Cas chase, then turning to meet him again. They draw back, kiss a few times, press of lips on lips, soft touches, his top lip between Cas’s lips, then Cas’s lip between his, damp slide and gasp. He opens again and Cas mirrors him, like it’s a dance they both know effortlessly. Cas’ hands slide up to the sway of Dean’s lower back and he presses them closer together. Dean’s thighs burn, he’s spread so wide, falling into Cas’ mouth again, again, and lower, Cas’ stiff length so wet between them. He gets lost with the man’s tongue in his mouth, falls into it headlong.
“Hang on.” Dean has a wicked idea, takes a big bite of his steak, a juicy mouthful, and he lets the flavour fill him, concentrates on all of the sensation, the warmth, the smell, the flavour, salt and rich beefy goodness, and prays his gratitude for the meal.
He dries his hands on the dish towel and heads down the corridor to what is now his and Cas’ room. When he opens the door, Cas is sitting up on the bed, naked except for his boxers, and fidgeting like a nervous teenager.
“And purgatory?” asks Sam.
Dean and Greta both say, “What?” and then Dean tunes out Cas’s convoluted explanation about mistranslations from the Aramaic.
“And if he can’t?”
There are people walking in the street, some holding hands. Kids playing. He watches them, listens to the sounds of laughter, the squeals. It’s such a contrast to the terrifying silence of the empty town they were in just days before. He realises how little he ever really took in about this town, how little they know their neighbours in Lebanon. Certainly not enough to know if these are the same kids, or if Jack populated the world with random new people, or played mix’n’match. It’s a seriously discomfiting thought: parents with the wrong kids, and no one the wiser. Like that freak 1950s town Cas told him about, where Sam thought he was some woman’s husband, and happy as anything about it. He shudders.
“Those answers will be in each of them,” says Jack. “Maybe not today, but some day. People won’t need to pray to me, or to sacrifice to me. They just need to know that I’m already a part of them and to trust in that. I won’t be hands on.”
Dean stares. “Wait.” He blinks. “You’ve never…? That explains so much. I can
(See the end of the chapter for
“I get that you think I did something,” Carter says. “It’s the obvious, right? Pretty girl disappears, so the usual story is the dude offed her and pretends to be shattered.”
He doesn’t say that though. He takes a deep breath. “You’re clearly horny, man, so — “
At the end of a long day, they eat pizza and knock back El Sol in the living room, the second-hand sofas comfortable and the low table looking like it belongs right there. Dean makes a crack about pregnant women nesting and gets a piece of pizza crust thrown at him by Eileen.
“So, you’re okay then.” Cas gestures vaguely, in a way that clearly says he’s encompassing Dean’s well, everything.
“I agree.” Cas replies, flatly. “Her powers will put her at grave risk.”
After Freckles leaves, Cas immediately turns to Dean. “Not entirely human but not a monster either. Obviously. Shifter?”
And well, that’s a question Dean doesn’t even know the answer to himself. He does, in the sense that he wants to make Cas happy, and he doesn’t, in  the sense that he’d really like to just kiss and kiss and kiss until they fall asleep.
“How do you always know the right thing to say, Jodes?” says Dean.
Maybe she’s a ghost after all.
“You know who Jack should get to run that?” says Sam. “Rowena. She’s got some experience in that department, you know, learning how to be halfway decent as a, as a person. Did, uh… Did Rowena make it?”
“I’m practising walking and chewing gum at the same time,” she says. “What can I say? You’re someone I can practice on, no consequences.”
“Do you want to kiss me?” asks Cas. Dean almost chokes on his mouthful. Trust Cas to go directly for the guts of the matter. Cas’s face falls and Dean closes his hand around Castiel’s wrist.
“Stand up,” he says. Cas swings his legs over the side of the bed and stands awkwardly next to it, one arm slung across his middle. Dean crosses over to stand in front of him. “Don’t be shy,” he says. “You’re magnificent.”
“We saying the books are writing themselves now?” asks Dean.
. They hold hands more often than not, and at night, they curl into each other. Castiel kisses Dean on the forehead and says, “I love you,” and Dean looks back at him, every night, and says, “See you in the morning, Cas,” and it means the same thing. Cas still doesn’t sleep, but he’s there when Dean wakes up, every day.
“Yeah?” says the kid, without thinking, and then even more quietly, “Fuck.”
It definitely hasn’t helped Carter any. "Is that supposed to mean something?”
From upsidedownertron:
, thinks Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean: Claire, we need to talk about your reckless behaviour we
Cas leans across and kisses Dean one more time, fingers in his hair and fire in his eyes. “I think we need to take it slow, Dean, or I might combust. I thought simply loving you was overwhelming. And then holding you. And then tonight… I’m amazed human bodies can withstand these feelings, Dean.”
“Try me. We know you’re Greta. We know it’s not a wig, or a costume, or some kind of a disguise to commit crimes.”
“Love you, doofus,” she says, and then she lets him go. He watches as she and Stevie head up the narrow stairs to the door, juggling babies and an overflowing diaper bag. Dean wouldn’t be them for all the Scooby snacks on the planet. Time to go find Cas again, he figures.
, and Dean finds he doesn’t mind that at all.
Dean smiles, runs the back of his knuckles gently across Cas’s cheekbone, cups his face with his hand on the way back down.
“This is going to sound ridiculous.”
“I’ll be ready by 6.30 for our date.” Cas leans down again, soft lips against Dean’s own, and Dean opens his mouth, catches his breath when the tip of Cas’ tongue explores the edge of his top lip, just testing the waters and melts into the kiss.
Dean smirks. “It makes it better in the end, you’ll see.”
“It never bothered me using my mouth before, Cas. It’s not other people’s body parts I have a problem with…” Cas’ hand is fluttering up and down Dean’s arm. “What else?” He may as well get the rest of the awkward conversation out of the way now too.
Carter is standing with his back to them, hands on the railing, looking out over the Mississippi River, but he turns around as they approach.
“I didn’t think I’d be coming back, Dean.”
“You got it. If you can call that stuff bacon…” Dean throws an arm out to include her in the family hug. Dammit, guess he’s a hugger now. He blames Garth.
“Okay,” he says. “I think I understand the appeal. It’s about choice again, and comfort.” He sets his recliner to about halfway back, his legs out in front of him.
Dean thinks. And then he spots a third sign, which reads “THE RAPTURE STOPPED BECAUSE OF YOUR SINS!” and he starts to unpack it. It’s echoes of Chuck’s little annihilation party. Some of the signs are wack.
Cas is gazing at him, reverent. “You are so, so beautiful, Dean Winchester. Inside and out. I have never met anyone like you.”
Dean looks at Cas, oddly, but Cas just looks very serious and intent, and inscrutable.
“Yes, Jody, that’s exactly what I think,” says Dean. “That’s why I brought you another one.” He grins at her. She’s looking good — unlike some of the others, those last days of Chuck terrorising everyone were mercifully brief for her.
Carter looks out the window, and his expression goes soft, remembering. “We went for a walk down the river. We’d been seeing each other for three months but we hadn’t… done anything yet. We were just walking, holding hands like usual, and I was waiting for the right moment.”
“Sadly, thanks to Metatron, I got that reference,” says Cas, drily, tapping the side of his head. “Sometimes I wish I didn’t…”
As the weeks go on, the relief gives way to boredom. Sam and Eileen spend most days in the library, writing down everything they remember about the chronology of the last few months, what was tried, what wasn’t. The spells they used and where they got the ingredients. Which things worked and which failed miserably, crushed by Chuck with no effect or useless at the last minute because of perverse incentives, crossed wires, false information. They check what they remember with everyone else’s memories, cross-reference with ancient texts, and add cards to the index. After the seventeenth time they’ve had to rip up a card because they both created one, but indexed it slightly differently, Sam starts to talk about digitising the whole shebang and yeah, Dean would do anything not to be involved with that tedious hell of a job. He’s grateful for archivists, don’t get him wrong — accurate information well filed has saved his bacon more times than he can count, but book work is not for him. He’s itching to get his hands dirty.
,” whispers Cas urgently. “Why is there half a cow mounted on the wall?”
They talk more about the changes — it’s barely been a month since Armageddon, but there are subtle changes everywhere. Turns out the KKK, the Proud Boys, QAnon and most of the European neo-Nazi groups were run by demons, so they’ve pretty much disbanded overnight, leaving a bunch of very confused followers. They’re mostly being taken care of by hastily set-up deprogramming groups working on connecting communities again.
That prompts Cas to tell Jack about Greta — Sam and Eileen already know the story, since they had to add bilocation to the catalogue.
“I love —” Dean blushes, breathes. Steels himself. “I love everything about you, Cas. I love — you. I love you.”
“Uh huh.” Cas reaches back with his other hand, finds Dean’s hand and threads their fingers together, holds on for dear life and he fucks up into his fist. “Ohhhhh fuck, Dean. Feels so good.”
The kid balls their hands up into fists, digs their nails into their palms. “You won’t — laugh at me? You won’t think I’m a monster?”
Dean,” Cas growls. He thrusts in deep again, fucking into Dean’s waiting mouth. When he speaks next, he sounds almost anguished. “Something’s happening, Dean… I don’t…”
There’s still pie. Good pie. Cherry and apple, today, with a crumbly pastry that has just the right amount of butter in it. He shovels another forkful into his face, and closes his eyes. It’s fucking erotic, that’s what it is. He feels warm all over, feels how good the pie is in his toes. He can’t help the little moan that escapes from his throat but when he opens his eyes to check Cas isn’t judging him, the man is just gazing at him with doe eyes.
“I still don’t know how to say it back,” Dean admits. “Never been particularly good with words. Don’t think I ever said those particular words to anyone. But I need you to know. Me too. I mean. I feel that, too. What you said.”
The others clink coffee cups against his glass, and drink the toast to their friends — to Meg and Crowley and Ruby, who did their best, in various ways, selfish as they might have been, and to all those who made demon deals and didn’t necessarily deserve the fate that Chuck’s rigged systems delivered to them.
Cas pushes his chair back and they both leave the room.
On his knees, he prepares to cherish Cas with his mouth. He kisses softly along the line of his belly. He licks down his inguinal crease, runs his hands down the outsides of his firm thighs, presses his thumbs in as he licks back up. He kisses the inside of Cas’ knee and soothes him when he shies away from it. He kisses and nips the sensitive skin on the insides of his thighs. The muscles in Cas’ legs are quivering, and he’s letting out little gasps and grunts like he can’t contain them.
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s a far cry from El Sol and good ole Winchester surprise — seasoned ground beef and gooey American cheese, baked perfectly till the top was crunchy and he could break through it to dip in and pile a Frito high with casserole, over and over — but it has that same feel of family around the table, Sam laughing at something Cas said.
for America-picking and beta reading. Any remaining errors are entirely ours.
“Maybe I do need to deal with some of this shit,” he says, finally. “Maybe I should give Donna a call after all…”
Turns out Cas is talking with Claire, which makes Dean oddly happy.
If you are young and trans and need help, here is a list of LGBTIQA+-friendly hotlines around the world:
“Dean!” comes Jody’s voice through the speaker. “What can I do you for?”
Just after Dean thinks that, there’s a tiny tickle in the back of his mind, something
“It’s an act, okay? It’s always been an act.” He sounds bitter, and hell, maybe he is.
“Dean! Good to see you!” The voice is high-pitched and at first Dean doesn’t recognise it but then it dawns on him and he turns as Garth’s lanky hand thunks him on the shoulder awkwardly a few times and then he’s reeled in for a hug.
“Goodbye again,” says Jack. And he vanishes.
“Well,” says Dean. “You think of anything, you give us a call, okay?” He hands over a card, with ‘William Gibbons, youth worker’ emblazoned on it. “We’ll do our best to find your girl.”
Cas and Dean walk across the grass of the football field where Carter told them to meet him. He’s sitting on the bleachers, looking at his phone, swinging one leg nervously. He stands up when they get close.
more?” He runs a tentative finger down the back of Castiel’s hand. Cas draws in a breath.
”What're you doing?” Cas’ voice is trembling. “What’s happening?”
They introduce themselves to his parents, and they’re ushered into a simple lounge with a dark grey sofa and two checkered arm chairs that match the khaki and gold cushions. Dean settles himself down next to Carter and Cas perches on one of the chairs.  Once the kid’s mom leaves to get them all a drink, Carter retrieves a carefully folded  strip of photographs from the inside of his jacket — the kind that comes out of those cheesy photobooths you only find in old malls. His expression sweetens as he passes it to Dean.
“It’s okay. I get it. I’ve got a baby brother, ‘n’ I’m pretty protective of him too. But if your sister is in some kind of trouble, chances are, we’re her best bet right now.”
This chapter is really important to both of us — we promise only lovely things happen but if you're worried or feeling fragile, we've added some spoilers in the end notes.
Yes, the counsellor is who you think it is.
By the time they’re packing up crates and shifting everything across in a rented truck, Eileen is six months’ pregnant and can’t do much in the way of lifting, so they send her over to the new house where she takes charge of directing where everything goes and unpacks kitchenware.
“Okay, then.” Dean chuckles. “Guess I’ll leave you to that.”
To be fair, he’s never tried to open a door for Cas before, so he’s willing to admit it’s a bizarre gesture. He coughs and says,
Dean stares at Cas open-mouthed for far too long. It’s not like his family went to Church or anything but everything he thought he knew is rearranging itself in his head. The thing is, he knows Chuck is a dick, but he hasn’t really given himself time to think about the magnitude of sheer dickery a dick that big could achieve on a global scale given an infinite timeline.
Dean puts his hand on Cas’ chest to steady himself, pouring everything he feels for Cas into him, willing him to feel it too, how much he means to him, how much he
“What is it?” Cas asks.
“I’ll call you in the morning?” Carter says, stroking his fingertips across her lower back.
and then beneath that,
He glances to the side for the thousandth time, just to see that Cas is still there. Maybe Cas is thinking something similar, because whenever he looks, Cas is looking right back. He puts his hand out, like they do these days, and Cas twines their fingers together without looking down.
“Mmmm,” Dean says, appreciatively. “Somethin’ smells damn fine, Jody.” He turns back to Greta. “You see why we had to book it, right?”
Cas reaches for Dean’s hand, and Dean takes it, almost without thinking. “It’s not your job, any more, Dean.”
“No, like… disappeared. One minute I was kissing her and then she was gone. One of my hands was on her face and the other was on her shoulder and then she wasn’t there.”
He’s definitely the one with more experience in this story, so he screws up his courage until it sticks and leans down to kiss Cas as he takes his empty plate.
They spend a little time with her, even though it’s been a long day. Cas grabs her bowls and fills them. It’s odd, Dean realizes. Even though the bunker is vast, and it’s not like they can usually hear the others when they get back, he feels hyper aware that there’s no one there but them, like it’s a little too quiet, like the bunker itself is still. This is their home now, just the two of them.
“Don’t you start that again,” Dean says, rough, as he swipes at his own eyes. He pauses, looks back towards Sam and — is that Eileen? Huh. He shakes the image of bruised and bloodied Sam from this morning out of his mind, thinks about what he and Sam did to get them here. “I let Chuck live, just now. He said I was the ultimate killer, but I told him that’s not who I am. Because
“Who said anything about… I didn’t mention my Dad, Cas.”
“Do you want…” he starts. “I could…” He gestures to Cas’s cock. “Y’know, blow you again? If you want.”
“You looking for you or someone else?”
Castiel glances between the two humans before nodding and walking back towards the car. Dean's eyes follow him for a moment before turning back to Carter.
“Der, I’m psychic?” says Patience with all the disdain of a highschooler with no parental influence to speak of. Dean resolves to have a chat with Jody later. It’s a disgrace. He’s not sure if it’s worse that she caught the tail end of what he was thinking rather than some profound bond that is stamped on his forehead for everyone to see.
“Because I don’t. Poof out of existence.”
“Did she tell you she had a brother?” asks Castiel. It’s the only answer Donna has come up with, that somehow Grant is Greta’s brother and helped write the note or handled the note somehow.
Jody comes out of the house wiping her hands down on her jeans. She shakes her head at Dean as he climbs out of the car, then steps up and wraps him up in a big hug, standing on her toes.
“Don’t take that the wrong way,” he says, urgently. And Cas looks back up at him, so open, so fucking trusting again. What the fuck is he supposed to do with all this honesty? How is he supposed to talk about how sex is for him, what it’s been? It feels like what he has with Cas has been this sacred, untouchable thing, that if he acknowledged that he wanted something more base, he would ruin it somehow, but even to his own ears, that sounds like a load of hooey. Just because the vast majority of sex in his life has been transactional doesn’t mean this has to be. He lets himself imagine for a moment what it would be like to kiss Cas, lets his eyes drop to Cas’s plush mouth, and yeah, okay. That’s a yes.
Cas’ free hand squeezes between their torsos, reaching down to fiddle with the latch of his slacks, and eventually it gets so distracting that Dean pushes him away enough to get both his hands in there and do it himself.
“What’s wrong, Dean?” Jack pipes up from the back seat, and Dean nearly jumps out of his skin.
“Yeah, yeah,” says Sam. “Almost done. How about you?”
“You’re disappointed in me,” says Jack. “I’m sorry, Dean. Do you want me to put it back?”
“Okay,” says Dean, tight. But he’s not — okay, that is, and his eyes fill with tears again, dammit. He dashes his sleeve across them and wraps Charlie — this Charlie — up in a tight hug. She pats him on the back.
“Hey,” Dean says.
Dean looks over his shoulder to where Cas is still staring, and yup, that’s a cow all right. Well, bull. Big horns.
of it.”
“Yeah, funny,” she says, and then pauses. “Oh wait, you’re serious. No, I meant emotionally, but also, like, sure, for an old guy in a suit, I can see that. I like the tie.”
“Then I think the option to just, uh, cease is still on the table. Jack is generous.”
Cas puts a gentle hand on Dean’s arm. “You look tired, Dean.” He strokes his fingers up, down. “Surely there’s some way I can take care of this myself? I’ll figure it out.”
“To start with, I had to really concentrate to be in both places — like if someone bumped into me here, I’d lose the connection but I got better and better at it. I guess when Carter… I just got overwhelmed.” He — wait, Dean thinks. If the kid says she’s a girl, then he guesses he’d better switch how he thinks of her in his head.
“Oh, I’ve been busy too. I started a support network for ex-hunters, don’cha know, support groups, to talk about all the trauma. Got chapters in eight states now. Got to talking about retraining and thought maybe you could take that on, you and Eileen.”
“I’m around,” says Jack, brightly. “I’ll be in every drop of falling rain. Every speck of dust that the wind blows. And in the sand, and the rocks, and the sea.”
The crowd’s cheering and finger-twinkling applause dies down as they step away from each other, just barely. Dean fidgets in his suit, itching to loosen the stupid tie at least. Jody stands up and reminds everyone how to get to the bunker, like there’s anyone here who didn’t sleep there last night, and that the main wedding party will be along soon, and finally, it’s time for the formalities. Dean waves to Cas, thinks,
Cas stands up and takes all of their empties out to the trash, and then returns, reaches down to grasp both of Dean’s hands.
They get into the Impala, and Dean turns the key. Once again, there’s no sound, and for a moment, he forgets. “Dammit, Jack!” he yells, when he remembers, and he thumps one hand down on the steering wheel.
Dean clears his throat. "The thing is, kid, your girlfriend has a kind of… gift. You see, um, the Greta who you met was a kind of psychic projection. She was there, physically, but that wasn't her body."
“What about you?” Cas asks. “Was that okay for you?”
“Being around you makes me happy, too, Cas.” He swallows. Time to take a risk. “But would you…
“Sorry, wasn’t aware we knew each other well enough for a heart-to-heart,” says Dean, hoping she’ll catch a hint.
“When did you work out it was real?”
“The counselling?”
“She’s donating
“You sound…” Cas takes a breath. Whispers. “You make it very difficult to concentrate on my food.”
Dean grins. “Bitch.”
Grant gives Dean a very strange look, and then seems to realise something. “My sister. Right.” Maybe they’re giving the kid sedatives, thinks Dean. He’s not very quick on the uptake here.
Castiel is looking out the window to where Sam is indicating. “I think Sam might be right,” he says, in wonder. Dean looks up too, takes in the 1950s sign reading
“I know,” says Charlie. “She’s here, I think. She’s so happy for you.”
“Ope, ja. Almost forgot!” she says. “I got a missing person for ya. Thought it was a late report of y’know, when everybody disappeared, but no, this one was just three days ago. But no record of a Greta Olson.  Then I thought ghost, maybe, but we’ve got photographs. It’s a complicated one, that’s for sure. Vanished mid-kiss. Like a reverse fairy-tale. But without the frog.”
“My what?” asks Grant.
When they’ve all slowed down a bit, Jody pushes back her plate. “So what’ve you kids been up to, back at that bunker of yours?”
“Well,” says Dean. “I’m about done standing in the street yammering about it. Let’s go back to the bunker and celebrate!” There’s a yip from around his ankles, and Dean looks down. “Yeah, all right, Miracle, you can come too.”
“It’s okay, Dean,” says Cas. “I told you. I am happy just being with you.”
“Dehydrated what?” asks Eileen. Sam spells it out, fingers flying, and Eileen laughs. “I shouldn’t have asked,” she signs and says.
Cas closes Baby’s door and steps up next to Dean. He pulls out his government-issued youth worker ID and checks it’s the right way up, which makes Dean proud in a weird, warm way.
The rest of the afternoon is rinse and repeat. Donna has a new boyfriend who is kind and sweet; she pitches her ex-hunter support network to him again, and this time when he says he’ll think about it, he actually kinda means it. Jody is single but loving her life and her brood. Jack pops in and passes on a message of congratulations from Mary to Sam, and Dean happens to be there for that, and so much for staying stoic and dry-eyed.
“I know.”
Dean swallows but doesn’t dare disobey. Head down, avoiding eye contact, Dean comes over. Castiel puts his hands on either side of Dean’s face, drawing his gaze up to meet his. “I love you.”
of what I am? You broke me once—
“You never had a six-pack,” he says carefully.
Additional kinks: dream sex, (brief) tentacle sex, (brief) crossdressing, praise kink, rimming
“Dean,” Castiel groans against his neck. “
Dean looks away.
Additional kinks: nipple play, praise kink, riding, begging
Castiel whimpers. Dean gives him another, too-slow lick. He begins to gently fondle his balls, sucking a nipple into his mouth before gently moving down to lap at the head of his cock. Castiel lets out a whimper, his eyes blown wide.
Dean looks confused. “Aren’t we?”
He expects them to. But they don’t. He never took Dean as having an exhibition streak, but hell if he does today. His Dean moans as the other shoves him down onto his back, the two of them apparently unwilling to stop whether or not they approve of Castiel being there, and oh it’s a
“Gotta finger him first,” Castiel adds, slowly beginning to stroke himself.
His scathing words are cut off by Dean’s bruising kiss over his mouth. Moaning in relief, Castiel clings to him, returning the kiss with as much ferocity as he can manage. He chokes out a loud cry when the razor-thin blade of Dean’s knife finds the tender curve of his neck, causing rivets of blood to spill down his arm and over the sheets. Dean pulls away with a wicked grin before latching his mouth against the wound and begins eagerly lapping up the blood. Trembling, Castiel nods, whispering encouragement as Dean feeds from him without mercy. When he kisses him again, Castiel tastes the thickness of his own blood on Dean’s lips.
Dean nods his compliance, eyes fluttering shut. Castiel surges forward, capturing his lips as his hands roam all over Dean’s belly and around to his sides. Really, he hasn’t even put on that much weight, but Dean is extremely vain about the most surprising things. Castiel touches him all over, not shying away from his stomach rolls or muffin top or the beginnings of what Dean derisively calls “man-boobs.” Castiel lays Dean back down and kisses his way over every inch.
a sexual attraction to tentacles and any entity, imagined or otherwise, that might sport them for sexual activity.
Written by zombiesam
“I. Love. You,” Castiel says firmly. “Every inch of you.”
Castiel draws his shoulders back, pulling out of his usual slump. “Dean.”
Written by zombiesam
, he doesn’t say. “Let me show you,” he does.
by seperis and written with inspiration from
“I’ll say this about Chuck,” Dean says, sounding not a little bitter, “at least when we were under his absolute control, I never had to work for a six-pack.”
A fetish were but consenting adults strike each other on the butt to induce sexual pleasure.
,” Castiel croons. He means every word, his voice dripping with all the love and violence he’s able to give. “Now...take what’s yours. I belong to
Castiel leans back in his chair, a lazy smile stretching across his face. With extremely limited to no internet left in the world, streaming porn isn’t really an option. Even if it was, Castiel is sure that, after today,
“It would have,” Castiel agrees solemnly. “But I for one think there is nothing bad about your ass.”
“Sure, buddy,” Dean says, voice deceptively light. Patronizing. “I mean, I guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder and all that.”
“You haven’t,” Castiel reassures him. He urges Dean to lie back down, but the tenseness doesn’t leave him this time. His muscles quiver under Castiel’s hand. Ready to jump up or bolt. Castiel ignores the tension, simply goes back to petting him. “I just wanted to make sure. You sounded so disgusted with your body a few minutes ago.”
roused by the sight of a person wearing leather or by wearing leather themselves.
already pleases Dean more.
Dean huffs a laugh against his lips. “Dude, are you going to kiss every damn inch of my body?”
“What are you, Dean?” Castiel asks between kisses.
You got that? I’ll keep you there—don’t worry. I’m just gonna take my good...old...time.”
Dean is panting now, eyes starting to glaze with lust. Castiel licks his lips and rocks his hips downwards, demonstrating for Dean just how hard he is for him. “You’re beautiful,” Castiel grunts with a poignant thrust. “You’re sexy. You get me ‘hot and bothered.’”
Written by zombiesam
But today, Castiel is tired of waiting.
for the moment where one of them will snap at him to get the hell out. But neither of them do.
Written by zombiesam
When Castiel, the only angel to ever break on the rack of hell, willfully joined his side and allowed Dean to burn away the last of his angelic grace, he took a share of Dean’s power in the pit. All the souls on the rack are Dean’s—but the rack itself is Castiel’s.
If he’s allowed to watch, then surely neither of them will mind if he begins to touch himself. Just a little bit. He begins palming his crotch through his pants while the past Dean begins to jerk the other’s pants off, discarding them quickly to the floor.
“That should take the stick out of your ass,” Castiel sighs in content, wiping his hand off on his ripped jeans. “Now, about that bottle of Jack…”
Written by zombiesam
Castiel won’t stop touching Dean’s body long enough to get his hand around their cocks, so Dean reaches down to do it himself. They’re already slick with sweat and pre-cum; Dean works them with a practiced hand.
Written by zombiesam
Additional kinks: first time, handjobs
Like what, Dean isn’t sure. But he doesn’t have time to contemplate it. Cas is hard again, and yeah, he can get hard easily being an angel, even though he assures Dean endlessly that he wouldn’t be able to if Dean weren’t so delectable.
Castiel pulls Dean in close and presses a kiss to his forehead. “I love you here.” One eyelid, then the other. “Here and here.” Nose. “Here.” Lips, lingering, taking his time. Sucking the lower one into his mouth, giving it a sharp nip. Pulling away just slightly to breathe, “Here,” before drawing him in again.
And Dean does. He bites the back of Castiel’s neck without mercy, sinking sharp teeth into the skin as Castiel moans his name. His fingers tighten through the sheets, his breath heaving out in harsh gasps as Dean thrusts into him without mercy.
thing.” It would be downright miraculous if such a word could apply here. It doesn’t, so he doesn’t say it. “Your age is something you should wear proudly.” He wonders if Dean has noticed the grey creeping into his hair yet, or if his natural color is light enough they still blend in. Best not to mention them.
To a casual observer, they might be fighting. The past Dean has his future self pinned to the couch by the jaw, and the minute Castiel’s Dean tries to strike the other across the jaw, he gets that wrist pinned to the couch, too. Neither of them are trying to make this stop—they’re just trying to get the upper hand on one another. They growl out profanities as the past Dean begins to grind against him and Castiel’s breath catches in his throat. What’s really hot is that his Dean—the Dean of the end of the world, the interrogator, the fearless leader—is submitting to the other, little by little, with soft moans and an increasingly pliant body.
Dean snorts into the arm that is propping his head up. “Look, man, I know you’re still getting used to the whole humanity thing - I mean c’mon, it’s been over a decade, you should get it by now. But nobody finds a muffin top attractive.”
Castiel looks up from where he’s tidying the bed. Dean stands on his tiptoes so that he can look at his stomach in the little mirror over the sink, shirt rucked up to his armpits. The look on his face is dark, annoyed. Castiel frowns, straightening up.
Written by darkwingdukat
as Cas thrusts his tongue back inside him, wrapping a gentle, slick hand on his cock.
the giving and receiving of pleasure from acts involving the receipt or infliction of pain.
Dean tilts his head back, losing himself in the sensations. Castiel can’t help but lean into his neck and bite down, hard. Dean yells out and thrusts wildly into his own hand, sliding deliciously against Castiel’s hard cock.
This chapter contains graphic depictions of (consensual) violence.
“God,” Dean chokes out again. “Oh, God.”
“So I’m
Additional kinks: Dom/sub undertones, blowjobs
“You like that, don’t you? Huh? You’re gonna—
You put me on the rack before, now—”
Additional kinks: nipple play, hand jobs
“I told you to break me,” Castiel gasps, his head bowing against the pillows. “
Dean—when he came barging into Castiel’s cabin, grumbling about his past self’s intrusion into Camp Chitaqua. Castiel nodded along, his grin growing wider and wider when Dean’s clear signs of sexual frustration began to show. The twitch of his fingers, the grumbling about “needing to let off some steam” under his breath. The stress—Dean needed to fuck out his stress. Castiel knew this, better than anyone, because Dean had told him personally.
a human sexual practice in which one person is struck (usually repeatedly) by another
“Dean?” Castiel murmurs when he withdraws his tongue. Dean knows to use his words when he truly can’t take anymore, but Dean shakes his head. He’s had three orgasms in under thirty minutes and isn’t willing to give up the possibility of a fourth no matter how much his body tries to convince him otherwise.
Written by darkwingdukat
“Then go fuck yourself,” Castiel suggested, lighting a blunt between his fingers. “Literally. Doesn’t count as another man if it’s yourself, right? He’ll probably be into it if I know you at all. And I do.”
sexual intercourse, involving the use of food products
Written by zombiesam
Written by zombiesam
Written by zombiesam
Dean glares at him in the mirror. “Fine,” he snaps. “But I also never had a full-on keg either.” He shoves his shirt down in disgust.
“I’m - I’m yours?” Dean tries.
Additional kinks: praise kink, dom/sub undertones
Satisfied and spent, neither of the Deans look in Castiel’s direction as they grab their clothes, clearly embarrassed.
sexual interest and arousal derived from intruding on a sleeping person.
“Okay,” he says, and kisses the base of Dean’s spine. With a hum, he plunges his tongue back in, swirling his tongue and sucking at the rim with a ferocity that makes Dean bite down on his fist to keep from crying out. Sweat trickles down his temples, his eyes bulging in their sockets as his body chases the sensation of Cas’s hand around his dick while also trying to shy away from it.
That word
Finally, they wrestle out of their underwear. Castiel has seen Dean completely naked a handful of times (Dean practically lives in Castiel’s cabin) but not like this; not completely spread out, silently begging to be filled by himself, no less. Castiel wonders if he’s ever fingered himself open before, and the thought draws a quiet moan from deep in his throat. He unbuttons his pants without taking them off, pulls his dick out from the flap of his boxers, and
The familiar
This chapter was heavily inspired by
“Cas.” Dean glares. “What’s rule ten?”
Castiel may have underestimated him—just a little bit. Gentleness is a new form of torture altogether. But with wide eyes and a set jaw, Castiel nods as Dean begins to gently suck at the leaking tip, holding it between his lips as though he’s afraid of
Each instrument of torture was designed by Castiel’s hand, instruments made to cause pain at the molecular level. Souls burned away to ashy, black smoke by the thousands; Dean is building a perfect army in which to one day rule over hell, and Castiel was creating the machines in which the army would be produced.
“I’m going to fuck you now,” Cas says gently. Dean can hear the eagerness in his calm voice. Cas pauses. Waits for Dean to indicate he needs to stop. But when Dean groans for Cas to
“No, I’m just -”
But aspiring to rule hell isn’t all pain and blood—it’s pleasure, too. So much pleasure, Castiel just might drown beneath the blood of it all. Ruling by Dean’s side means he gets to
sight, seeing him being shoved around by another man. Collapsing into the chair opposite the couch, Castiel is dazed as he watches Dean—the past Dean—begin to pin Dean’s hips to the couch and mouth at his pulse. Their pants are already unbuttoned by the Dean straddling the other, grabbing Castiel’s Dean by the back of the neck to yank him up into a greedy kiss.
As master of the pit of hell, torture is the specialty of Dean Winchester in all its forms.
Additional kinks: nipple play
“Nor is your body going through shifts in fat distribution and storage,” Castiel tells him firmly. “You’re getting older, Dean Winchester, and that is a
Castiel pulls back. “If that’s what it takes, yes,” he says sincerely. “Lie down.”
Castiel didn’t really expect Dean to go through with it. Dean’s not one for straying from his ways—his ways being women capable of kicking his ass to the moon and back, which was most of the women residing in Camp Chitaqua. Which is why, when Castiel promptly invited himself into Dean’s cabin to ask him where the
“I said,” Castiel growls, tightening his grip, “
Written by darkwingdukat
” Dean hisses against his ear. Pleased, Castiel nods. All of Dean’s hesitation is gone, leaving pure, animalistic want in its place. He’d spent too long contemplating when to claim Castiel as his own in full, and Castiel knows that demanding that Dean
Written by darkwingdukat
What are you? Why are you
. It makes Castiel’s body sing with animalistic want, and the groan that follows Dean’s harsh treatment is only one of encouragement.
“Cas,” he moans softly. “Fucking--yeah. Don’t...don’t stop.”
Additional kinks: Dom/Sub dynamics
“Huh.” Dean thinks this over as Castiel continues his way down. “I wanted one when I was a kid. Thought it’d look badass.”
the practice of denying orgasms to intensify erotic tension
“I’m -” Dean gasps. “I’m fucking hard as a rock, Cas. Fucking hell, just -”
Castiel wouldn’t. He shivers as Dean draws the blade of the knife down his throat, leaving a line of blood trailing behind it. Dean licks the blade clean slowly, making sure Castiel sees every twitch of his tongue that
“And you’re you,” Castiel counters. “Dean Winchester, the man I have loved for many, many years.”
“Come,” Castiel growls against Dean’s neck. “Come for me, Dean. My beautiful Dean.”
Manhandling Castiel onto his stomach, he slicks up his cock with Castiel’s blood and pushes himself inside without prep. The burn hurts, shooting pangs of pain up through Castiel’s limbs, but the pain feels
God.”
Castiel backs off, but only slightly. “Your body bears the signs of a life lived in the service of others. Do you get so upset about your scars and moles and achy joints?”
With an unsteady hand, Castiel reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out a bottle of lube, slicking up his fingers. The future Dean glances behind his shoulder, his face flushed, as he eyes the sight of the bottle in Castiel’s hand. Castiel tosses it to him and Dean nabs it out of the hair, rolling his eyes at Castiel’s smug grin as he begins to slick up his cock. Castiel does the same and
“You said you wanted me to hurt you,” Dean breathes, “didn’t you?” He leans down and licks up his cock, tender and slow, enough to make Castiel’s back arch off the bed. It’s agonizingly gentle, almost too much for Castiel’s sensitive body.
a kink in which two (or more) people find sexual pleasure in swapping bodies with one another.
“Is it?” Castiel says mildly. “How so?”
Additional kinks: rimming, blow jobs, hate sex
“I wouldn’t dream of it.”
physically revering a part of another person's body
Written by zombiesam
“Good thing I know how to hurt you nice and slow. You’re gonna stay this hard for me for
Dean shivers and tries to thrust up into Castiel, who moves away to prevent him from getting any friction. “I’m...beautiful,” Dean whispers. “To you,” he adds hastily.
Dean rolls his eyes. “I know -”
Dean’s breathing grows shallower with every question. “What do you want to do with me?”
don’t I? Prove it.” Castiel grabs Dean’s wrist—the only being in hell who would dare touch Dean in such a way—and shoves a knife into his hand. “I am not so fragile. Not anymore. If you really are a master as you say…”
slipping their erection/Strap into his partner's vagina/ass/mouth in order to keep warm.
Written by zombiesam
“Mmh good,” he slurs. “Mmh good, I swear.”
“Are you making excuses?” Castiel isn’t quite putting on his Dom voice yet, but his tone brooks no argument. And if a little dominance is what Dean needs this morning, he will be more than happy to oblige.
Dean lowers his eyes. “Cas…”
“Take me apart,” Castiel breathes. “You know you want to. You know it’s your
could possibly compare to watching this. It’s hot as hell and almost funny in the way that neither Dean seems fully willing to accept that the other is so easily turned on by himself.
Written by zombiesam
“Was that good?” Cas asks. There’s a hint of smugness in his voice that garners a weak laugh out of Dean.
Castiel collapses on top of Dean, knowing Dean will appreciate the feeling of his weight after such an emotionally intense session. They’ll have to clean up soon, but for now, Castiel wants to just lie here and repeat words of appreciation into Dean’s neck until he’s sure Dean might almost believe them.
But Castiel does not need to finish his sentence. Dean has him by the hair, hoisted up by the legs and on his back against blood-stained sheets before Castiel can so much as take a breath. The knife finds his clothes, ripping into them until they’re nothing but shreds dangling from Castiel’s form.
Nothing blows off some steam like a good, old-fashioned hatefuck at the end of the world when a bunch of Crotes are ready to chew your face off at any given time. At least that’s what Castiel had told Dean—
Everyone loves a perfect creation that holds their creator to his own expectations.
Castiel presses kisses to Dean’s shoulder blades and down his spine, through his t-shirt. He keeps up a steady litany of praise and worship as he goes. When he reaches the hem of Dean’s shirt, he pushes it up slightly; Dean immediately tenses.
Castiel frowns. It’s not quite right, but they’ll get there. “Good boy,” he says, pulling back. Dean whines a protest, but Castiel quickly strips his clothes off, as well as pulling down Dean’s jeans and boxers. He gets between Dean’s legs, stretches out to cover his body. He rubs against Dean, slowly and lazily, as he mouths at his neck. Dean’s hands come up to grab at Castiel’s waist as their pace increases.
Additional kinks: blood kink, knife play, anal sex, orgasm delay/denial
depriving a person, usually a submissive, of one or more of their senses, such as sight and hearing.
Additional kinks: whips, handjobs
In answer, Dean reaches up and messes up Cas’s hair before falling against his shoulder with a content sigh.
Dean doesn’t know what it is about the way Cas says it, his voice low and thick with lust yet still so sincere; maybe it’s the fact that Dean’s sensitivity is turning Cas on, maybe it’s the way he can practically
not to audibly sigh at the sight of Dean touching himself so beautifully.
Dean blinks up at him. “Because you’re you,” he says simply.
attractive, then.”
On his hands and knees, Dean threads his fingers desperately through the bedsheets, eyes bulging straight out of his skull before he manages to close them again. His mouth hangs open, his chin slick with saliva and sweat as he bows his head. Dean’s entire body
Additional kinks: anal sex
“Down. Now.” Castiel tilts his head, regarding Dean. “Unless you need to be tied down? It wouldn’t fit with my purposes, but I can make it work.”
“That’s good, Dean,” Cas groans softly. A warm hand finds Dean’s hair as Cas’s thrusts grow sharper and less rhythmic, his cock swelling inside him as he grows closer and closer to spilling inside him--again. “You must be...so sensitive.”
