“Finally figure it out?” He’s startled by Dean’s voice, and nods nervously as he watches him place plates of food down on the table. “Good, ‘cause it looked like you were about to fry your brain thinking about it.” He smiles and picks at his food as he listens to the brothers talk, wondering how Sam could help him anymore then Dean did.
was the only word that went through his mind as he turned and ran out of the kitchen, and almost tackled him into the door in a hug.
“What book?” She smiles when he glares at her, and scoots closer, knowing that she’s making him uncomfortable. “Awh, come on Moose! Tell me what book you’re reading! Please? I really am quite curious to know!”
His mind grasped at straws, trying to find some way that this could even be possible. If he'd been alive all those years, then why had it taken him so damn long to get his feathery ass down here?! Why had he never answered Dean's prayers? Because, goddamn it, he had prayed to him; every single night, for four years. And he never got an answer, not even once.
he silently begs, studying the brothers and listening to their conversation and memorizing their speech patterns,
When it came time to close up, he watched how they worked with each other. One of them doing inventory and cleaning up the kitchen while the other works on cleaning the dining area and stacks chairs. He notices how they steal glances at each other when they think they’re not paying attention, how they smile as they watch each other. And he is glad that Cas has finally come back, he is glad that his brother is finally happy after everything they’ve been through. And though he is happy for them, he still feels off about something; but he brushes it off when he is approached by Clara.
Once everyone with an appetite has eaten, Cas picks up Jack in one arm and Wart in his water bowl in the other, and brings them all to the living room. He puts on an innocuous children’s show about an intrepid Hispanic explorer.
“Drop it.”
“I’m just surprised,” Castiel says honestly.
to be here, but he had to take off to deal with that Direwolf in Tillamook.”
“The witch modelled her spell after The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast,” Cas surmises.
Cas smiles up at him. “Would you want to?”
“You weren’t very slimy,” Cas says diplomatically.
Cas lets out a sigh, shoulders slumping. “I don’t suppose you’d let me shower before you peruse?”
“I see,” Castiel says, sounding taken aback. He fiddles with the strap of his bag before slinging it over his shoulder.
“Fuck no.” Aaron automatically recoils. There’s no way he’s touching any surface in that bathroom until it’s been scrubbed and bleached. He has some goddamn standards. He’d rather pee in the alley out back.
And with every answer that he gives to every question posed to him, Castiel can see Sam’s mind calculating, analyzing, thinking about something. Testing him in some way, though he’s not sure why. But he hopes more than anything that he makes the pass, because he would really regret having to leave this wonderful place if he didn’t.
he doesn’t say it, but he feels his heart drop into his stomach as similar images flood his brain. “Look, I know you don’t trust the idea that it might actually be Cas, but come down and visit sometime anyway. Okay?” He knows that his complete avoidance of his brother’s questions is rather telling, but refuses to even think about much he’s avoiding them.
"Ah. Yeah." He answered, his mind finally recalling the question that Dean had asked him. "Um… This is going to sound like a stupid question, but," he chuckled nervously as he proceeded, "Who is he? The angel in the painting, I mean. If, if that's not too intrusive of a question that is." Pain flashed across Dean's face, and he immediately felt bad, but the question was already out there, and he felt like he couldn't take it back now.
"Hm... I might." He grinned at him, trying not to laugh and cry at the same time when he saw the puzzled look on Castiel's face. He heart swelled as he watched him tilt his head and squint his eyes slightly, looking like a thoroughly confused puppy.
"No one really." His voice was whisper soft as he answered, and his eyes hollow as he swam in memories of his past. It took him a couple minutes before he regained his composure, and continued, clearing his throat and acting like he'd hadn't just been lost to the world. "Just a friend. You done?" Castiel nodded and watch silently as Dean took their plates and cups into the kitchen and washed them before putting them where they belonged.
"Clara!" He yelled as he ran to the back of the restaurant, and out behind the building. "Clara! There you are!"
"Novak; and thank you." Dean tried not to chuckle as he watched him struggle to keep his eyes on anything but him, and failed every time. Though he did chuckle when Castiel took the first bite of his burger and his eyes rolled back a little in his head, and a small groan of pleasure escaped him. Of course, he was also glad that he was standing behind the counter at that exact moment, as that little groan had an effect on him that he wasn't prepared to expose him to. "Wha boutch yoush?" He asked the question with a full mouth, taking a moment to swallow before he continued, "Do you have a last name, Dean?"
On those nights when he closed up alone, and sent everyone home early, he would sit in the dark and think. He would think about him, about the one the restaurant was named for. He would think about how blue his eyes were and how they contrasted starkly with his skin and his dark hair. How whenever he was confused, he would do this cute little head tilt and kind of squint his eyes like he thought that might help him understand. He would think about how annoying it was whenever he would just appear out of nowhere, and immediately get in Dean's personal space, and how, oddly enough, he kind of missed that. And on those nights, when he was alone in the dark, alone with his thoughts and memories, he would break down and cry because, damn it all, it
and its workers and customers, and most of all, Dean, have come to mean home to him, and he would hate to lose them, after working so hard to get them.
He looks between them as Dean walks up to him, hugs him and then claps him on the shoulder, his smile lighting up his whole face. He stands there awkwardly, wondering idly if he should excuse himself to go do something else or if he should continue to just stand there. He attempts to excuse himself, but Dean grabs him by the arm and gently tugs, pulling him back, rooting him to the spot. “Stay here and talk with us,” he says, his eyes boring into Castiel’s and making him feel more than a little awkward. “Besides, Sammy here might be able to help you remember more of your past.”
went to hell.
So when Daphne answered the door, and the responding voice was the low, gruff one from his dream, Emmanuel felt completely justified in the slight relief that fell over him.  He quickly left the kitchen and joined his wife in the hall, standing just behind the door so as not to be in the way.  When Daphne opened it wider, however, to reveal the caller, his heart dropped into his stomach.
So, he dutifully swipes his debit card and makes a mental note to write the grocery bill on his hand. As much as he hates to admit it, it's necessary - unless he wants to forget it later when he balances their account after getting home. Did he forget to deposit that check from his brother?
“You know him, don’t you?”
Another thought stops Dean short just as they’re exiting the mall and nearing Baby.
As they pass the nurse's station, Louise, one of their favorites, waves a good night, purse tucked under her arm.  The three of them wave back and continue down the long hallway.
“Cas, hey, ya know what day it is?”  The guys slurs heavily and stumbles in place.  That, right there, is what Castiel never understood about drinking.  Why would anyone want to get so wasted that they trip when standing still?  But before Castiel can answer, the guy keeps talking.
does he have to request they get new handles that don’t lock automatically? – and it’ll take
Cas steps back and brushes off his hands, surveying their handiwork. They haven’t done too terribly, for a guy and an angel with zero gift-wrapping experience between them. Before Dean can say so, the box emits a shrill whine, causing both men to seriously re-think their decision. And really, if anything goes wrong, it can all be blamed on Sam. They wouldn’t even
“Thanks?” Sam side-eyes him once he reaches the bottom of the steps and stops at the sight of the wrapped box. “That for me?”
“You remind me of someone I used to know, is all,” came his reply as Daphne returned with three mugs arranged on a tray Emmanuel hadn’t know they had. As he noticed with plenty of women, she went about with small talk, inquiring how Dean had heard of them etc.  When they heard of the man’s little brother, Sam, Daphne saw fit to tell more of their story.  She handed Dean frame after frame of the two of them, filling the silence with little anecdotes about life after she found him.
Dean warns the second he steps into the teacher’s lounge and watches his friend pour the last of the coffee into his #1 Gym Teacher mug. Sidling up beside him, he bumps his shoulder jovially. “If you don’t make another pot right now, I’ll fill your office with water filled condoms. Don’t think I won’t.”
before Sam or Cas decide to switch on a lamp and give him away.  It’s just a movie, damn it, why is he reacting like this?
" - and Xavier races ahead in the parking lot so quickly that Castiel feels his heart drop to his toe nails. Thankfully, the lot is fairly empty for a Friday night -all vehicles parked- and Xavier is spared from any of the horrible scenarios whizzing through his dad's head.
Of course, the kids all shriek, “Ewww!” at their gross, old dads, but it’s Cas’s turn to grin. He slips his hand into Dean’s once they’re all finished and walking up to Ben’s junior high. The kids run ahead so they don’t have to hear Cas when he says, “I just love you, too.”
“I missed you too, honey bee,” Cas murmurs and slips a hand behind his neck to kiss him once more.
He looked to the house behind him, where Daphne stood before the picture window, having watched the entire exchange.  She smiled sadly and nodded to him, a silent consent.  Draping the worn coat across his arm, he thumbed through the phone’s unfamiliar contacts until he found Dean’s name, devoid of anything but the one word.  He picked up after the first ring.
“Dean Winchester, you best get on home before I call your mother!” Cas recognizes the voice as Gabriel, with all the twang of a Southern Belle, and of course Gabe would scare the shit out of them like that. He finds himself shouting, “shut the hell up, Gabe!” despite himself and can just barely make out the sound of Dean’s laugh as he shimmies onto the grass and darts for his dad’s car.
"Here's your receipt, thank you and have a great night!" The cashier hands him the receipt and slides the separator bar out of the way for the next order.  Shaking his head, he picks up Xavier, swings him gently into the seat beside Marie, and heads for the car.  He expects tonight to be like every other night in the recent past.
Dean. Warm eyes and bowed legs, carved to perfection, culminating in a considerate being who cares about the organization of their groceries. After all they'd been through, he's got a mischievous grin to excuse away his sometimes high maintenance tendencies. And while his strength isn't what it used to be, Castiel is confident it'll return soon enough. It has to. They've gotten this far, and they'll keep pushing until they no longer have to.
If he had had any doubt as to the appearance of the man he dreamt of, standing before him was the physical manifestation.  Clad in the same jacket as last night and jeans that were stained in oil and dirt.  Spiked, dark blonde hair that looked like it had one too many hands run through it.  Probably out of nervous habit.
While Sam rolls on the floor, having happily sunk to his new pet’s level, Cas sidles up next to Dean, smelling of fabric sheets and soap.
“Can’t argue with perfection,” Dean winks and pats the concrete beside him in invitation.
Dean’s lived through enough of his family and friends dying to know that losing someone sucks. And at least with Sam and Cas he’s, well, he’s always gotten them back. What happened to the dog Sam took care of? Did he die, only to be buried at the side of a long forgotten road? Usually these thought rarely evoked any thought, let alone emotion. Remembering his phone, Dean checks it to find an affirming text from Charlie; she, too, had been greatly afflicted by the movie.
Outside, Dean led him to a dark, vintage muscle car and opened the trunk.  “These are yours,” he said and handed over a tan, folded coat, a cellphone and a wallet.
“Hello, beloved,” Cas whispers into his ear, his arms tight around his waist, and the tears are coming faster than Dean can help.
P.S. – Happy Not-Valentine’s-Day
Dean says something in reply while the kids ravage the cooler and scarf down their sandwiches but Cas doesn’t quite catch it. He asks him to repeat himself and Dean shouts emphatically, “I JUST LOVE YOU!”
“Well, if you don’t have anything,” Dean smiles and Castiel’s lungs forget how to process oxygen. “I have something
Xavier looks between him and the wall of buttons above his head. After pressing "four" and getting a head shake in response, he presses the "five" button and backs against the wall.  Marie fusses when the doors open and they don't get off yet, but a second later, they're on Dean's floor, and all is good.
“Of course, go ahead,” Daphne replied with a smile.
Cas was used to this.  The first year of their relationship consisted of worse nights, nights where incredulity was surpassed by angry paranoia.  Even after five years of retirement, neither of them could really be sure they were in the clear.  The hunt would never fully be over, regardless of the lack of activity.  And it always followed them into their dreams, tinging the happy scenes with horrific nightmares.
“Well, it would have been easier to do so
“Now there’s something we can agree on.”
Dean closes his eyes and counts to ten. In Latin. If there’s ever a time when he feels like punching his
Castiel grins at the nickname, remembering when Dean had changed all of his contacts to sarcastic physical descriptions, and clicks his phone off. Scooting out of the booth, he’s met with disappointed groans as everyone calls him a ‘party pooper’ for leaving his own party.
you.”
It takes them almost twenty minutes to find Dean, who always insists on parking several hundred yards away from any other vehicles because ‘That’s my baby, Cas!’ and when they do he can see his grin at least three car lengths back. As Cas maneuvers the mini-van expertly into a spot that lines up with Dean’s side of the car he rolls down his window despite the rain. Dean climbs out of the Impala and pulls the cooler from the backseat. He’s brought all of them sandwiches and drinks and Cas swears he would marry this man again if he could.
right now.” And Castiel gets it. Dean doesn’t realize what he’s saying. So he goes for the less practiced, less familiar response in his arsenal. He kisses him, pulls Dean’s face up to his own, and gives it his all. Abandoning every scenario of how he thought this might go, he focuses, again, on the now. Dean’s muffled
“That’s fucking hot.”
Dean,
Of course Dean has no choice but to comply once his angel’s hand is secured in his own. Silencing the phone, Dean leaves it, face down, on the stand beside him and fixes his eyes on the blonde couple before them.
Dean sputters, choking on the iced coffee drink he’ll deny buying if asked. “How about something more… Her key?” He wheels Cas around by the shoulders, nodding toward the Hot Topic across from them.
“Cas, I’m trying to tell you I want to kiss you and you’re being a little
“I gotta say,” she types in the price and asks if they have a rewards card. They do not. “It’s really sweet when parents come in looking for stuff for their kids. I hope your daughter likes this little guy.” She then places the cat and their receipt in a black plastic bag. “Have a good night!”
“What, Dean?” Cas’ voice is gruff and slightly irritated at the sudden interruption of their tongues.
Dean hands the bag to Cas, having kept silent through the whole exchange, and wonders just how often they’re mistaken as a couple. Today’s the first time they’ve been mistaken for parents so that’s something. He was too tired to correct the girl but he wonders why Cas didn’t. Probably because Claire’s sort of his kid.
Emmanuel listened, familiar with their story, without retaining any of the words.  His gaze was fixed on Dean, who stirred disjointed images and emotions inside him.  How was it possible, that almost a year of nothing but intense dreams, this single person could just ring the doorbell and change everything?
“I’m Dean.  I was told that you, uh, heal people."
“I had a daughter once.  When you were,” Dean clears his throat of any residual tears and his voice deepens, “gone.  She was an Amazonian warrior.  I didn’t get to know her. She was going to kill me.  I couldn’t do it, so Sam did.”
Sure enough, Sam’s following, “Ooh I’ve wanted to see this – I read the book,” solidifies the choice.
something worse has happened.
As the younger Winchester bends down, the box shuffles forward once more, surprising Sam so much so that all six feet, four inches of him falls straight to the floor. A short giggle bursts from Dean’s lips and he feels his nerves bleed away from him while he watches his brother anxiously untie the loose ribbon.
So Dean and Cas are left alone. In the dark. And Dean’s eyes start to water even
Cas sighs and turns on the radio, careful to turn it to the volume Dean likes. And Dean, well. Dean chooses to ignore the Married Couple feel the conversation gave him and drives to the motel in patented silence.
“Thank you, Cas.  Thank you sooooooooooooo much. This is why you should be my Valentine.  You. Are great. Just great.  And your eyes are blue.  Blue, blue, blue eyes.”
“Oh my god,” he croaks, the air in his throat dry. Standing before him, in varying shades of green and grey fatigues, is Cas and he can’t stop himself from throwing himself forward and burying his face against his neck.
“What do teenagers even want for their birthdays, nowadays?” Dean trails slightly behind Cas, eyeing each of the shops warily. They pass a Victoria’s Secret as the associates are pulling its gate down and Dean remembers his own eighteenth involving pink, satiny panties.
Sam is the first to speak, his voice slightly thicker than usual. “There were some discrepancies but they stuck to it pretty well.”
I had to get groceries because we're out of everything."
having to admit Cas was right – Dean jumps nearly three feet at the sound of the metal door creaking open above him.
“In the words of my brother, why carry a mirror when in the constant presence of perfection?” Castiel quips back, gesturing widely to himself. He’s not sure what has him speaking so daringly – he’s usually far more reserved – but he suspects it has something to do with the margarita Gabriel had foisted upon him at dinner. Still, Dean laughs and Castiel would drink a thousand more margaritas if it meant hearing that sound even one more time.
I shut the door, so no worries.”
“I’ll see you around, Cas, er, Emmanuel.  Don’t forget, my number’s in that phone of yours.  Call if you need anything,” Dean clapped him on the shoulder and stepped around to the driver’s side of the beautiful black car without another word.
"Evening Castiel," one of the night EMTs greets him on his way out the door. Castiel smiles wanly and continues to the elevator where Xavier is busy pushing both the 'up' and 'down' buttons.
“No, Dean.  It was Valentine’s Day four hours ago.  Today’s just another day.  Have you been drinking?”  He knows the question is stupid.  It’s obvious Dean’s way past drunk, but the words tumble out anyway.
"Yes way. Remember the tests we took on Tuesday? Results came back. I am 100% cancer free. Remission has a new look and it's Dean Winchester, baby."
Dean opens the door and Castiel immediately stops talking. Tears track down both sides of his husband's face and he
The look on the man’s face, beneath the pure shock etched across his handsome features, could only be described as one of immense relief.  Confusion morphed into anger, which then slid into pain and settled on incredulity.  His mouth hung slightly open, his brow creased above the light green of his eyes.
His forehead,
Green eyes met blue at the sound of Cas’ voice and the flurry of movement ceased, save for Dean’s chest, which heaved in the aftermath of his episode.  Immediately, Cas’ arms closed around his husband, consoling words spilling from his lips in between soft kisses.
“Go ahead,” Dean digresses with a sigh. The only redeeming part of the situation, he thinks, is when Cas, clad in the pajamas he’d received for Christmas, curls into his side.  As the opening credits roll, Dean’s phone buzzes obnoxiously with a text from Charlie.
He reaches in and pulls out the stuffed animal.
Behind him, he can hear people cooing and taking pictures. Sam’s explaining something and Missouri has stepped around them in an act of privacy but Dean couldn’t care less.
Cas tightened his grip around him and kissed his temple, wishing not for the first time that he could just
The eldest Winchester grins and types back a hasty, “It’s Marley & Me…you don’t want to be here,” before Cas politely asks him to, “please put the phone down. It’s rude to text in the dark during a movie.”
wanna share.”
“Dean, I –”
Soon, he finds him around the side of the building, leaning against the railing of the veranda. Dean’s arms cross at his wrists, his elbows supporting his body against the concrete, and Castiel wonders how
in this mess if it weren’t Sam’s friggin’ birthday. In fact, while Dean’s blaming people, he may as well blame Cas, too. And Charlie. Two and a half weeks ago, they were content with just the three of them. Of course, that’s when everything
It was actually really unfortunate.  He was in the middle of relaying the strange dream he had the night before; Daphne always encouraged him to share as much as he could.  Anything could be a helpful memory.  The night before had been particularly vivid, with flashes of green eyes and pools of blood.  He was afraid, truly frightened, for the person in the leather jacket but he didn’t understand why.  The man wielded a large knife and seemed perfectly capable of defending himself. Still, the dream had left him unsettled and worried.
Dean bites his lip, thinking back to any of the more recent conversations he’s had with his college-student brother, and recalls a quick phone call from the night before. A phone call that may or may not have taken place during his and Charlie’s weekly Dr. Sexy stream session. “Right. What’s on the menu, monkey face? Unless you want to split the carrot sticks TJ tried to bribe me with in favor of grading his nonexistent homework?”
washed over him.  This
responsible for all of this, is still on his fucking phone. “What are you- are you
“Uh.  Okay.  Come in.  I’ll- You can- Sleep on my bed. Are you going to throw up?”
“Honey?”  Daphne’s voice broke through his thoughts and he realized he must have missed a question.  He turned his face to the small woman seated beside him and tried his best to give her the attention she was seeking.  However, he could see in her hazel eyes comprehension beginning to burn.  She turned to Dean, quiet for a moment, before asking,
“Have you seen any Green-Eyed Wonders lately?” Castiel asks to Dean’s turned back. The blonde whirls around, tearing his gaze from the crashing waves behind him, and fixes Castiel with an amused stare.
Oh god.  He’s hung over in Cas’ room and he barely remembers walking back to the building, let alone crawling into the bed of the guy he’s had a crush on all year.  He’s somewhat pleased to see his shoes are still on and his clothes, though twisted, are in place.  Nothing happened.
“It’s Valentine’s Day, Cas!”  He throws out his arms and gives what Castiel thinks is supposed to be a smile.  By now, Cas knows who the resident is.  Dean Winchester.  No one else at the school called him that.
"I'm sorry we're so late, baby. I couldn't leave campus until after six, and then when I got to Sam's, Jess wouldn't let me leave without seeing Bryce run without help, and
this?”
He’s shaking his head as Cas gives the store another once over. “We will take the cat.”
“Stuffed animals usually work,” the girl offers after a moment’s contemplation. Her eyes light up. “And we just got a shipment of Grumpy Cats today! I can grab one for you?”
“Come in,” Missouri practically sings and Dean relaxes a bit. If she sounds that cheerful nothing
much longer to fix the situation.
could be both beautiful
“Missouri needs to see you, Dean,” Becky breathes out, clearly flustered. Her eyes are wide, wider than normal, and if Dean cared to ask if she was okay right now, he would. Instead, he files that observation away under the already bulging folder of Weird Things Becky Does and nods.
Dean’s on him in a flash, coffee and food forgotten. “Dude, what are you doing? You can’t just leave the room; these kids are Tasmanian Devils times a trillion.”
Castiel’s about to apologize, his usual reservations creeping back in, when Dean breaks out into another grin.
"No fucking way."  He clamps a hand over his mouth and blinks furiously as tears spring to his eyes. He'd been trying to limit the bad language as best as he could and even news like this wasn't worth having one of his kids repeat a certain choice word. Dean laughs and chokes a little, keeping a hand on the doorframe to steady himself.
It started the night they signed the adoption papers.  Cas was brushing his teeth in the bathroom, thinking about their new son and the fact that he was going to be a father.  Perhaps not biologically but, according to Dean, blood had very little to do with anything.  Anyway, as the ex-angel went about swishing the awful blue stuff that served as mouth wash and rinsing his mouth, he heard a strangled groaning coming from their bedroom.
“Stay here,” he tells Sam, holding a hand up when he starts to protest. If anything’s wrong, Dean’s sure as hell not bringing his brother into it. He doesn’t need to be getting fired on top of everything else.
“Come on,” he says with a straight face. “I have to show everyone what I got for my birthday.”
After eons of discovering one another’s mouths, they break apart, breathing hard and grinning as if they’d just won the lottery with their tongues.
“I have an idea.”
“Hmmm,” is his hummed response, neutral and unrevealing.
“…How many people can make you feel…extraordinary?”
“Hey,” Sam greets him and goes back to looking at something on his phone.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, scaring the shit out of him.  He whips his head up, a huge mistake, and grimaces.
they get it, that it’d be a crime against humanity if they left without “the seven digits to heaven.”
"Doc signed the release papers at three today. I wanted to go home and surprise you but Sam said I shouldn't leave with anyone but you.   Kid's got a good point every once in a while, Cas."
Sam rolls his eyes and snorts. Not quite the bitch face Dean was looking for but it’ll do. “‘Monkey face?’ What’s next, ‘honey bunch’?”
feel like he’s the one in trouble here. The door is closed and the sign at its center is some motivational kitten hanging from a tree. He makes a note to compliment the change in signs and knocks three times.
, they certainly knew nothing in terms of kissing a Winchester.
Oh. Perhaps
Straightening his shirt and smoothing his slacks as best as he can, Dean walks down the hall to Missouri Mosely’s office and completely, 100% does
Before Dean opens his eyes, he knows it’s going to be a shitty day.  The hangover he’s become accustomed to is already rearing its oh-so-beautiful head, sending sparks and gears grating across his brain.  His mouth tastes like death and he has to piss right now.  But when he rolls over and sits up –damn the sun for existing– he’s not in his room.  He wonders, briefly, if he ended up going home with the brunette at the bar, but once he gets his bearings, he sees he’s in a guy’s room.  And not just any guy.  His RA, Castiel.
What a shame – I wanted you to be my Valentine this year, too. There’s always next year, eh? You’re pretty great, too.
“Her jeans often have holes in them,” Cas says, clearing his throat and coming to a stop in front of an Abercrombie & Fitch. “Why is there a large picture of a naked man on the wall?”
“I dunno, got any mirrors on you?”
“No, man,” Dean chuckles but it’s not the ‘I’m-amused-at-what-you’re-saying’ chuckle. “I’m saying I
His brother stands, grabbing the beer bottles they’d thrown back throughout the film, and makes his way to the kitchen. Calling over his shoulder, Sam yells, “Thanks for the movie choice, Cas! Night, guys!”
felt more right than anything he’d experienced in his new life.  Amidst the thousands of questions that tossed about inside his head on a daily basis, this hug felt like the answer to end them all.
Cas lies, facing the wall, and lets his eyes close as Dean’s words – drunken, but still his – come back to him.  He falls asleep sometime after the thirtieth repetition of the scene in his head.  And when he dreams again, it isn’t about baking.
Dean’s full-on rambling now as he moves to Cas’ bed and struggles to kick off his boots.  Finally, he gives up and falls face down into one of the twin mattresses Cas had pushed together.  As an RA, he’s had to make do with what he has.
“I like you, Cas.” Oh.
, as Dean so kindly puts it, to erase his pain.  But he can’t. So he has his arms and his lips and his words to lessen life’s blows.
“Happy birthday, man!” Dean’s voice is higher than usual and he can feel an embarrassed flush color his cheeks. Fuck. Damn it.
It is not until later, after the festivities have ended and the trash has been gathered, that the two of them have another moment alone together. They’re sprawled in the back of John’s car, soon to be Dean’s car, when Cas finally says quietly, “I don’t want a future without you.”
“What was that you said earlier? About not arguing with perfection?”
“Is that-”
Before Emmanuel knew what was happening, the younger man stumbled forward and wrapped him in a tight embrace.  He returned the gesture, further confused with the tightening of his throat as his arms closed around his back.  A wave of
“Have you been drinking, Cas?”  Dean laughs and pokes him in the chest before tripping forward. “Oh.  I don’t feel good, man,” he mumbles into Cas’ shoulder.
The statement is phrased as a question so Cas looks to Dean for confirmation. Dean shrugs, too busy openly gaping at the Supernatural display. There’s a Ouija board with the faces of three guys - Cas, Sam, and himself, as portrayed from the new movie, he supposes. What the hell is wrong with the world?
Sam’s phone chirps with Cas’ text tone and his screen is unlocked and thumbed open faster than ever.
Sensing his discomfort, Cas squeezes his hand and keeps quiet until Dean speaks, having cleared his voice, minutes later.
Emmanuel watched as the man drove away, as the vehicle stole his one moment of clarity.  He knew he couldn’t just go back to how things were.  He couldn’t return to his life before Dean showed at their door.  And he didn’t want to.  The resounding ache that settled in his chest was evidence enough.
And finally, his lips,
“Hey, who is that?” A voice from down below calls out. Dean freezes, absolute terror in his eyes. They’re caught.
“Hey, we’re closing soon but can I help you find anything?” A salesgirl with her septum pierced appears out of nowhere, saving Dean from a moment of mortification. “Oh, are you into Supernatural?” She asks when she sees Cas staring at the merchandise. “I can’t wait for the movies.”
When he passes Cas’ room on his way back he contemplates stopping in and apologizing.  For what, he doesn’t know, but he thinks he should.  Yet, like the coward he is, he walks past the door and makes a beeline for his own room.  Thankfully his roommate, Chuck, isn’t there to see him trip over his feet as he pushes into the room.  He curses and flips on the light in search of the offending object that tripped him.  He spots it – a red Valentine heart – and almost crumples it to toss it into the trashcan when he sees his name written in purple marker. Faintly curious, Dean opens the heart to see a hastily scrawled message inside.
was wrong.  The man – Dean – was only seeking his services.  Of course, this shouldn’t come as a surprise.  His gift was miraculous and he’d seen his fair share of clients since its discovery.  Daphne, unaware of the conflicting thoughts turning in her husband’s mind, invited Dean into their home while she fetched them all coffee.
“You called me ‘Cas’,”
“Where do you see yourself in twenty years?” Castiel asks, breaking the comfortable silence around them. They’re cuddled on top of his blankets, a thin quilt covering them, and Dean runs his hand steadily through Cas’s hair. Cas traces mindless circles into Dean’s arm, his face cradled against his chest. It’s the night before their graduation and the weight of it’s implication hangs heavy in the air. Change.
Anguished sobs cut off the rest of the sentence and Cas knows that’s all he’ll get on the subject.  Dean won’t say anymore and when they wake up tomorrow, he’ll act like nothing happened.  This moment of weakness will stay in the confines of their sheets, will be lost in the numerous tumbles they'll take in them later.
Dean surges forward and cups his hands at the back of Cas’ neck, kissing him for the first time.  It is just as he’d imagined, soft lips and soft hair, with just a touch of stubble.  Cas moans into his mouth and Dean chuckles, remembering how long he’d waited for this moment.  Then he pulls away, much to Cas’ chagrin, because there’s something he has to say and it can’t wait.
Benny laughs but goes through the motions of refilling the machine anyway and Sarah teases him for forgetting,
Dean couldn’t have looked more perplexed if he tried - mulling over his answer, carefully choosing the words he thought she would want to hear. But then, at the last second, he seemed to change his mind.  “Yes.  He’s, he’s my best friend.  I’ve been looking for him for quite some time now.  And I can’t believe I found him.”  Dean rose from his seat on the couch and pulled out his cellphone.  After glancing at whatever was on the screen, he rolled his eyes and pocketed the thing. “Do you think, maybe, I could talk to Emmanuel alone, outside?”
"Sir, you're hurt pretty badly. I think you might have some broken and cracked ribs, your nose is broken, your eyes are swollen shut, and there's some bruising on your throat. And I think one of your arms is broken and one of your legs is messed up pretty badly." A wheezing cough escapes his bruised lungs and he shudders as a cool breeze brushes past him. He searches for his grace, thinking that he could just heal himself and be gone. If he could do that one thing right, then maybe he could go find him and apologize. But he finds nothing. He shifts his shoulders, hoping to feel his wings shifting and stretching behind him. Again, nothing. Dread fills him as he comes to the realization that he has fallen. No wings. No grace. Just him. Human. Fallen.
and make his way home to an empty bed. And he would think that an empty bed was perfect for his empty heart, and fall asleep with small tears on his cheeks.
“Hey Mooooose,” she drawls, grinning at his disgruntled expression. Ignoring his protests, she pushes him over and scoots in next to him in the booth he’s sitting at. “What’re you doing?” He gives her one of his classic bitch faces in answer, and then sighs wearily when it doesn’t seem to faze her.
"Hey, um, Dean?"
. It hurt to remember him and it hurt to remember the way he was, and it hurt to remember all the things he never said to him, all the things he should have said but never got the chance or was too cowardly to say. He would scold himself after he was done crying, trying to convince himself that even if he had the chance, he still wouldn't be able to reconcile their past, and then he would finish closing up
I'll be busy tomorrow, so I'm posting this today. Also, my apologies that this chapter is kinda short.
It was storming on one of those nights that he sent everyone home early, and decided that he would close up by himself. They tried to tell him that they wouldn't mind staying and helping him close up, they were sure after all that as handsome as he was that he must have someone waiting for him at home, and he insisted that they go on home.
My apologies that it is really more or less a bit of a filler.
Screams. Fear. A drill aimed at his face, and no visible way to get away from it. He's trying to find a way out, trying to get away when a panicked, concerned voice enters his consciousness. Someone grips him by his shoulders and gently shakes him, questions and demands falling from their lips. He struggles weakly, attempting to open his eyes and look at the person assaulting him.
"I mean, it's a bit of a fixer upper, but I really think this could work!" The man was tall, though he appeared short compared to his behemoth of a companion. His green eyes were wide with excitement and he spoke mostly with his hands, gesturing and pointing out different things, explaining all of his ideas. "See, I was thinking that I could get someone that was really great with art, and get them to paint me a sign!
Dean leaned against the counter, too many thoughts racing through his mind for him to comprehend. He was so caught up in shock over learning that Cas had amnesia that he barely heard him say that he was leaving.
"Castiel." He closed his eyes and shivered, feeling like a ghost had just passed through him. Of course it was him, and not just someone that looked extraordinarily like him. "What's your name?" If he was Castiel, then why didn't he already know his name? What had happened to him?
“Yeah, yeah, I know all that. But listen Sammy,” He flashed a small smile at him when Castiel sneaked a glance at him, chuckling when he blushed and turned back to his teacher. “He doesn’t remember anything. And anything includes dragging my ass out of hell, the apocalypse, dragging the soulless version of you out of Lucifer’s cage, and everything else that happened. And I don’t think he’s a shifter or anything; I mean, he told me that the only things he could recall were our names. Besides, what business would a shapeshifter or anything else have with me, now that I’m retired from hunting?” He knew it was a stupid question, but he still felt he had a point. It had been four years since he’d even held a gun; the only weapons he used now were the ones found in a garage or a kitchen.
“Naked time, apparently,” Dean says, scowling, as he peers around his living room curtains at his nondescript yard facing the woods at the edge of town.
“What bands are we talkin’ about?” he asks eagerly. “More Beatles? The Stones? The Who?”
“Don’t worry, that part’s already happened, darlin’!” Rowena calls delightedly up to them.
"Dean?" Cas tries.
Away from the limelight, Dean apparently favors soft-looking flannels over worn tee shirts and jeans. In one hand, he holds a half-depleted sheaf of french fries. Stunned, Castiel doesn’t immediately hand over the reason for his presence.
Dean thought he’d made a compelling case: as their executive assistants, Dean and Cas knew their schedules down to the minute. They knew everything from their food allergies to their sleep apnea (Crowley) to their late-night Amazon impulse purchases (Naomi). Most importantly, they
Cas sets the bag down on the seat next to him and pulls out a chicken wrap for Sam and two burgers deluxe for himself and Dean.
Cas breaks it first, the uncomfortable itch between his shoulder blades setting in that flares up after going too long without conversation. “I’m glad I could break the curse.”
“Yeah, well, I guess I’ll have to be more direct next time,” Dean says, barely breathing.
To his infinite relief and dread, the bowl with the blood starts to glow. As it reaches blinding levels, Rowena calls, “Pour it over yourself!”
“Plants,” Cas blurts. “I’m buying plants.”
Dean whistles. “I see why you’d want to skip Thanksgiving. How’d you get into the motel business?”
Castiel shakes his head as he throws the balled-up tissues in a nearby wastebasket. He misses, but Dean doesn’t seem to notice. “No, that was definitely on my agenda.” He licks his lips, chasing the last taste of Dean’s drying slick.
“Hm?”
“So, Castiel, are you seeing anyone?” Kelly asks after finishing her third whiskey sour. Nine months of sobriety/pregnancy had shot her tolerance to nothing. And, sure, Jack is almost four now, but Kelly still has a hard time knowing when to call it quits.
down one shoulder blade.
“I followed the money. It’s my area of expertise,” Castiel says succinctly. “Look, do you want to be double-crossed or not? Because if you were sent here to distract Amara, the rest of your crew is probably committing some sort of crime as we speak.”
“It’s not the steakhouse burger?” Dean finishes for him.
As Dean sits back down, he catches Castiel giving him a quick but thorough once-over.
Rowena turns around to face him. “And I thought this was going to be a challenge,” she chides. “Really, Samuel?”
Dean caved by the chorus, and by the end of the song, he was belting right along,
Christ, Dean has no idea what he’s doing. He should be with Sam and Rowena, on the frontlines, not cowering behind a table with a spellbook that looks like it was made from
Castiel grimaces, the comparison killing the mood - just enough. He doesn’t smell like a goddamn candy apple factory. He glances around: their meeting has attracted a few curious eyes. A few heads down the line, a lady takes her phone out of her purse.
“Hey,” Dean says, “wait a sec.” He grabs a pillow and lifts his hips. Castiel helps him shove the pillow under the small of his back. “Don’t want you to strain your neck,” Dean says with a wink as he settles back down.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean swears, “How the hell did we think he was some sort of criminal mastermind?”
Don’t make me bring @ihatethursdays into it
“Just not you, right?” Sam asks, skepticism dripping off every word.
Daphne pats his hand. “Not yet. These three think it’s only a matter of time.”
Dean rounds on them. “What?”
“Oh.”
“You sure?” Daphne asks, blinking hazily up at him. And okay, it’s probably good she had a breather between rounds.
“Hm,” Kelly says neutrally.
“Why?” Daphne asks, stepping closer. She frowns as Kelly and Aaron automatically stand shoulder-to-shoulder, blocking her view of the narrow window.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says as he shoves his hands in his pockets. His smile turns a shade wry. “In case you didn’t notice, webbed feet and ribbits aren’t usually part of the package.”
“’S fine,” Dean says in a tone that clearly says it isn’t. “Whenever Dad took off for a few days, I’d get to watch as many movies as I wanted, and - well, the rest is history.”
“What the
Jack’s toothless smile widens.
“Yeah,” Dean says in a tone that clearly conveys he’s thought of this possibility before. He runs a hand through his hair. “It’s just - what if I take one of these roles, and it gets all this attention ’cause I’m in it, and it flops?”
Breathing harshly through his nose, Dean grunts, “Sorry.”
Dean blinks, his anger falling away to a raw hurt only Cas can dredge up. “I wouldn’t do that to you.”
Cas’s hostility cracks, but Dean’s already gotten the message.
coffee Dean is currently drinking like his life depends on it. Dean might smell like old gym socks for all Castiel can tell.
One corner of Dean's mouth lifts in hopefully a charming half-smile. “It’s just to talk. I promise.”
Castiel’s first attempt is a disaster. He burns the espresso and adds too much nutmeg. Jo makes him try it anyway, as a non-monetary payment for her time. As Castiel gags, a smirking Jo dumps the bitter, weirdly savory mess down the sink.
Castiel stops dead in his tracks because, despite the sunglasses, the baseball hat, and hunched shoulders, Dean Winchester is unmistakable.
“Because that’s not what you want,” Cas says, his eyes narrowing. “You said civilian life isn’t for you.”
Dean chokes on his next mouthful. “Are you serious?”
“Wait, seriously?” Dean asks, squinting over the draft table at Benny, who honestly seems like the least violent out of all of them, including Chuck.
Dean takes a seat at the foot of the bed. Leaning in close, he almost breaches the incorporeal perimeter around Cas that constitutes his ‘personal space’.
Dear Dean,
“Not all angels, just Cas,” Sam confirms. “Plus love interest.”
I’M BEING PERSONALLY ATTACKED BY DESTIEL (affectionate)
Yours eternally,
Dean throws him an outraged look. "Did you just call the greatest band in the history of music
“Slower,” he says through gritted teeth, “or I’m gonna come.”
man. It’s compelling.”
“Ah, right.” Dean rubs the back of his neck. "Look, I gotta ask, what the hell are you doing?"
Cas continues to point out various significant trees and, once, a squirrel, before Jack starts to flag. The soothing motion of the stroller wheels over the trail do their work, and Jack is down for his mid-morning nap, mid-walk.
Are you sure you don’t moonlight as a penthouse forum editor? Saving humanity one dirty article at a time?
New and improved,
Sam goes red in the face.
“Huh?”
Wart chirps, offended.
Dean drains his latte. Swallowing, he says, “Me neither.” He throws the cup in the open dumpster and turns back to Castiel. “I haven’t dated in a while, actually,” he says in a low voice. “Couldn’t risk being seen with an alpha and reminding everyone of what I’m not.”
He was nervous?
Jody jerks her head towards Daphne and Kelly, heads ducked together and clearly already back to it. “Watch out for ‘em. They’ll get you sucked in gossiping about the new hire.”
Dean spends his last supper at his apartment staring down the mixtape propped up against a pile of unopened junk mail.
Cas inhales a sharp breath. “You want me to stay?”
Castiel sighs. “We were trying to not spread our relationship around.”
“Dude, we have to work on your dirty talk,” Dean says, grinning.
liked the angels.”
The mixtape weighs a metric ton in his pocket, and the hallway smells like marinara sauce and Chinese food all covered by a barely-there tinge of weed. He rings 6J and tries not to fidget as he waits.
Castiel commands in a low voice.
“Daphne invited me out for drinks,” Castiel says as Dean’s eyebrows rise, “Would you like to come?”
Cas flies them to the home of a time-travelling witch intent on taking over where Tracy Davis left off. They search the premises thoroughly but don’t find any sign of her. They must have missed her by minutes; Dean pops open her microwave and sniffs at her still-steaming Chinese leftovers. At one quelling look from Cas, Dean reluctantly leaves the carton on the carton on the counter and resumes their search, this time for clues as to her new whereabouts. Cas collects her grimoire and notes while Dean goes for her laptop, and they return the way they came.
Castiel straightens, and holy hell, those eyes are so blue. “Hello,” he says, “I’m sorry, I thought you were a student.”
Apparently I am most like Sam.
“Great.”
Dean glares down at the glowing contents. So. Gross.
Despite Dean’s efforts, his bedroom still is permeated with the smell of him. Castiel crosses the threshold, and like a magic switch, his cock, flagging since his disaster of a chase, stiffens. He barely spares a glance at Dean’s decor before he crowds into Dean’s personal space, capturing his mouth in another dirty kiss.
Replying to @Impala67
“Thanks to you.”
“Sure,” Dean says sardonically, “because you’re such an expert on
Dean frowns at the pair of them. “Wait, how did you know it was me? Bones is Sammy’s dog.”
He could
Dean’s had counted down to nothing at exactly 4:01 PM, fifteen minutes ago. Fifteen minutes of running into his soulmate, getting his number, continuing on his way to this bar, and telling the bartender to keep ‘em coming.
Castiel raises his head to stare at her. “How do you know that?”
“Oh yeah?” Dean says, eyebrows raising. “What were you talking about before I came on the scene?”
Cas sneezes as the magic washes over him for a third time, and now they all can see the purple sparkles -
“Passable,” Jo declares at Castiel’s second try. “You need more of the apple concentrate, though.”
Dean groans. “I don’t appreciate the sass, Jeeves. But fine. Hold that room for Fergus Crowley, and I’ll be calling back every day to see if someone other guest had to pull out or died or something.”
Dean throws him a look. “Why wouldn’t I?”
“But you are an omega,” Castiel says, feeling a little stupid for saying it out loud.
Dean ducks and dodges the second heel. And the third.
Thankfully they’ve cooled it with Castiel actually in the room with them.
The frog is perched on the banister, watching him beadily.
Cas glares. “I do know you, so I know that is exactly what will happen.”
“What song was that?” came out of absolutely nowhere.
Dean’s head jerks around so fast it nearly gives him whiplash. “That’s not what I meant.”
Cas’s brow furrows. “But
Jo all but slams Dean’s latte on the ledge above the sink. “You know the health inspector is here. I can’t let Ruby near the guy, and you know how Kevin gets around figures of authority.”
Dean’s breath is hot against the side of Castiel’s face. He tilts his head, pressing a sloppy kiss to his cheek that sends a flock of rabid butterflies straight to the pit of Castiel’s stomach.
“You don’t have to throw yourself into anything,” Dean adds gently to Cas. “We’ve got no big bad waiting out in the wings. It’s okay to take things one step at a time.”
“Yes.”
That girl I wrote about last time, that didn’t work out. Not by a long shot. I didn’t name names, but she got the impression I was holding onto someone else. I wanted to love her, to love her like I love you, but I couldn’t.
“I don’t know what to say.” Dean sounds almost frustrated.
Novak tilts his head. “Are you okay?”
Wart shakes off the food, croaking disgruntledly the whole while.
“It all comes from a place of love,” Dean says with a confidence Cas could have never predicted just a year ago.
“It’s like you read my mind,” Dean says, grinning. “My sister-in-law, the paranormal ones are her guilty pleasure.”
Jack starts to fade by the second episode, so Cas hefts him into his arms to carry him upstairs for a more comfortable nap. To his slight surprise, Wart follows them, hopping diligently up the stairs a step behind. Halfway, Cas bends down to offer him a hand, and Wart makes a leap for his shoulder instead.
Sam says, horrified. “I do not want to know.”
The frog croaks. It sounds disapproving.
“It isn’t?” Cas asks, head tilting in confusion.
“Okay.”
Two days ago, Dean stepped in his bathroom, and Showerus was singing Taylor Swift.
God knows, Dean could never have forgiven Cas for any of the shit he pulled if he hadn’t been 100% positive Cas had the best of intentions. Cas did all those things to save the world, and, sometimes, to save Dean personally. Which gives him the girliest, fuzzy feelings and also makes him want to punch a wall.
“Right,” Dean says, eyeing the secret measurer, which has gone haywire. The top bit is spinning like the secret lovechild of a fork and a windmill. He jumps to his feet. “Looks like the spell’s broken, so I’m going to-”
“I hope you can hear me,” Dean continues. “I came all the way here to, well, not grip you tight and raise you from perdition, but you get the idea. So I need you to get your feathery ass over here so we can go home.”
Dean straightens, the corners of his mouth, split lip and all, pulling upwards in a delighted grin. “Alright, let’s go see if Sam’s bitchface finally froze that way.”
Rating: Explicit
,” Dean says in a low voice, scandalized.
“For coming to get me,” Cas says. “For coming all the way here. I won’t forget it.”
“You’re my mate,” Castiel says, no question in his words.
“God, I hope not.”
Dean blinks. Cas had been weirdly evasive when Dean asked him what he was up to instead.
Dean drops the coffee. He pulls his gun.
Dean focuses on nudging Jack into a more comfortable position. “So what?”
Oh yeah, here’s everything Dean wanted right on a silver platter. It’s just, the last time he got a deal like that the little catch was his soul.
“Chuck never printed or emailed anything with your names or likenesses on the company premises,” Cas explains.
"And you had no right to take it," Sam says snootily
The exhaustion of his rut is getting to him. Still, his cock stands at half-mast from watching Dean, mostly naked, sucking peanut butter residue off his fingers. Castiel is frankly torn between bending Dean over the counter and taking him for a third time that night, or dropping off to sleep at the counter. As a perennial student, Castiel has had excellent practice falling asleep sitting up.
Cas scowls.
- hovering in the air around him.
“Nope. My place, my rules, Cas.”
Cas stares at the depths of the murky brownish substance, and Dean’s about to force it down Cas’s throat himself to get this torture over with when Cas finally swallows the potion.
Cas glances between the two of them. "You were fighting," he says because nothing gets past Sherlock Holmes, trench coat edition.
He doesn’t tell Wart about his loneliness. It’s a moot point, anyway. Cas can’t be lonely anymore. He has a frog to keep him company now.
Dean thumps heavily down into a chair. “Have we met her?” he prompts because he’s nothing if not a masochist at heart.
“Of course they do,” Daphne says with a significant look at Kelly. “Nobody’s saying they don’t.”
“Please don’t stop on my account.”
“I live with my mom-”
“No Sam?”
“Castiel?” Novak says.
“Jesus Christ,” Dean says, wiping at his eyes, “I thought I was going to give it all away, but turns out you’re just as obvious as you were in high school.”
Castiel nods. “I’m hoping to go to a Lez Zeppelin concert next month.”
But Jack’s eyes glow gold, and the frog lets out an alarmed chirp as it zooms down from the cabinet. With a bit of midair flailing, it settles squarely on Jack’s head.
“Watch the movie,” Dean says gruffly.
Dean throws him a baffled look as he pushes himself off the ground. “One, you already have my home address, dumbass.”
“I’m going to need some ingredients,” Rowena says, looking up to Sam. “Where might they be?”
Jack turns to Cas, the faintest hints of alarm lurking behind his eyes, but Cas just nods approvingly. “I’m sure Wart appreciates the softer landing.”
“Maybe,” Dean turns his back to him, turning on the tap at the sink to wash his plate, “but I don’t get the feeling you'd ever knock me down a peg to feel better about yourself.”
"Alright." His eyes are wide with surprise, and maybe a little bit of hope, his head snapping up a little too quickly for Castiel to not notice that he is maybe a little too excited and hopeful. "But only on one condition."
“Fine. But only if you promise to leave me alone afterwards,” he waits for her nod of agreement before he continues. “I’m reading Charles Dickens. Now, please leave me alone?”
, and on either side, great black wings! And…"
Sam doesn’t even attempt to argue anymore, he knows it’s useless. Instead, he just agrees and moves on, talking about his courses and being a man of letters. Occasionally he asks Dean how
Sorry it's short.
"Castiel." His answer is a croak that barely escapes through bruised lungs and past chapped lips. Castiel? What kind of name is that? His brain wanders idly as they wheel him down a hallway, and he tries to remember whatever it is that he's forgotten. But the only thing that comes to mind as they lay him down on a bed, is a face. A face with amazing green eyes that have seen more than their fair share of tragedy and loss, stubble that never seems to grow out, sandy blonde hair that appears to be brown under certain lights, and thin lips that utter his name in prayers. He tries to remember more, but only manages to remember one thing before he passes out.
Lightning flashed and great black wings and the words
He’s about to ask what’s wrong, but quickly turns and walks outside when Dean lunges forward and grabs Cas by the front of his shirt and begins kissing him roughly on the mouth. A smile crosses his face as he steps out the door, finally at ease that nothing here is wrong, and wonderfully happy that Dean is finally, truly happy now.
"Just start from the beginning and we'll take it from there." Dean nodded and started explaining their past, trying to make it sound as not crazy as he was sure it sounded to him. They sat there the whole night, with Castiel trying to wrap his mind around what Dean was saying and Dean trying to be as thorough as possible in explaining.
Dean cranes his head so he can look at Cas with his good eye. “Hey, I’m sorry.”
Cas glances at him out of the corner of his eye. "Are you dressing up?"
Jack wails, and Cas does his best to mimic Dean’s easy grace with a baby in his arms. He fails miserably, and it’s one more thing to hold against Dean. “I will not ask again,” Cas says loudly over Jack. “Why are you here?”
He hasn’t dared reach out to Dean or Sam since he left them unconscious by the entrance to Heaven. That look in Dean’s eye as he yanked the stolen Colt back out of Cas’s hand - it was an expression Cas won’t ever unsee.
Cas’s eyebrows shoot towards his hairline. For the first time today, he looks almost afraid. “Then why are you here?” he asks, his gaze darting towards the stairs to the exit. “I’m only going to stay in the Bunker until Rowena can finish. Then I will go.”
Dean’s heart skips a beat, and not in the fun way like when he found out that widow housewife was down for an open relationship. He stares at Cas, the blood draining from his face.
“Yeah, all the girls who wanna be like Jo sign up, and all the boys who want to see Jo all sweaty show up with semis,” Dean says with a shudder of revulsion.
Sorry I yelled over the phone yesterday. It’s just hard, you know? Doing this with you, seeing each other every few months, hiding it from everyone, from Sammy. It’d be one thing if we could live as confirmed bachelors or some other bullshit, but you live halfway across the goddamn country.
Dean nearly busts a gut as he takes in Cas, striding towards him from across the quad. A giant rainbow flag trails behind Cas, tied in a secure knot around his throat like a cape.
Dean sips his whiskey and glowers across the bar at his own reflection. His wrist is burning like a brand, but it’s probably all in his head. The stupid timers don’t cause physical pain when they reach T-minus zero, Houston we have a problem. The numbers freeze, and that’s that.
“Not like I got anything else going on.”
Instead, he tells Cas, “I grew up in motels. Never met a manager who acted like you, though.”
“Not like I do with you,” Dean adds cautiously.
“That milestone?” Sam says, his face an odd mix of smug and constipated. “There are a hundred thousand
reasonably attractive new hire, and everyone is acting more like gossiping, horny teenagers than sane, I-am-responsible-for-multiple-children, teachers. Luckily, Jody’s the principal and expert in wrangling children and adults of all maturity levels.
During breakfast, Cas persuades Wart to try mashed lima beans.
“I believe in them,” Kelly announces. “What’d you hear, Aaron?”
Dean automatically grimaces at the mention of feelings. But, hell, he’s not a teenage girl. He can man up and be there for his best friend.
stories, as of last Monday.”
“So you know Dean pretty well?” Aaron asks casually.
“Fine.” Castiel snatches the latte off the counter. “But I want a raise.”
“Yeah, but,” Dean says, his voice petering off with embarrassment, “that didn’t mean you liked my movies.”
“Tonight’s the second night of the Harvest moon,” Sam says matter-of-factly. “There’s plenty of rituals that use timing like that. Rowena did her youth spell yesterday at moonrise, and it took way less out of her than usual.”
Castiel probes deeper, dragging out bitten-off moans from Dean. He flicks his tongue over the already wet skin, and Dean’s hips twist up, trying to get more friction. Slick smears over the lower half of Castiel’s face, spreading Dean’s scent all over him.
Too far. Shit.
“Sure.”
Cas’s frown doesn’t disappear. “What changed your mind?”
Castiel hands over his phone. “Here,” he says, tilting it so Dean can see the summary of Ghostfacers.
Cas meets all of their gazes in turn. “I was thinking more along the lines of stealing from their more soulless clients and forcing Mountaintop to pay out millions in insurance claims.”
Edlund faculty members, and possibly a pinch-hitter babysitter waiting to happen. Not bad for a shopping trip with a four-year-old in tow.
“Dean.”
[emma_stone_crying.gif]
“No,” Castiel shakes his head, “we are only dating for now.”
Castiel shakes his head. “It’s alright. I,” he pauses before throwing caution to the wind, “always enjoy talking to you.”
“I’ll go with you,” Castiel says as Daphne’s face falls. “I need to stretch my legs.”
“And in the next second, you threatened to chuck me back in,” his Dean says casually. “Mixed signals like that can give a guy a complex.”
Cas sets the frog down on his desk in the study. He picks up the small rug and shakes loose any dust and debris. As he sweeps the whole mess into a pile, he says idly, “I suppose you need a name if you plan on staying.”
“Goddammit,” Sam swears, nose wrinkling and mouth turning down in a frown. “I was waiting for the right time, but I guess it’s too late to introduce you to my brother…” he drifts off, his eyes going wide as his gaze catches over Castiel’s shoulder, “… who’s already here.”
“Of course,” Castiel says, tipping his head.
I already said you and your brother cost this company fifty million dollars. Whoever you’re working with, I would bet they cost the company something equal to that if not more.”
Castiel settles back down, and Aaron makes a mental note not to piss him off anytime soon. “A word of advice?” he says as he turns back around to grab their drinks, “Don’t insult his car - or Led Zeppelin - or his brother.”
Novak shakes his head. “Believe me, it’s still infinitely better than attending dinner with any of my relatives. The last time I did, apparently I had the gall to bring an American wine. They lorded it over my head for a full year.”
His Dean points out, “I didn’t trust you as far as I could throw you.”
“You’re right - I guess we didn’t really talk.” He swallows, shifting an inch away from Castiel - all that their coupling allows. His rim tugs at Castiel’s swollen knot. It’s definitely more painful than pleasurable.
“You can’t be serious.”
Jack wakes up promptly at five-thirty in the morning.
“I also personally put it in jeopardy more than once,” Cas mutters. “I trusted Crowley to steal Purgatory. I trusted Metatron to bring peace to Heaven. I trusted Lucifer to take out the Darkness.”
“Don’t be.”
Out of the blue, Jo asks, “Did you really do all those things to Darla?”
Wart chirps, pushing upwards on his front legs to get a better look at Cas.
“But you could just neuralyze them after!”
Cas exhales. “I’m glad,” he says sincerely. “It was a fun challenge.”
Dean stood, buck naked in his own bathtub, feeling more naked than he ever has in his life. He cleared his throat. “Yeah,” he said after a beat, “a lot’s been going on.”
You got them before
Dean scowls. “If I wind up turned into a rabbit, you’ll know who to blame.”
Dean gasps as Castiel’s tongue enters him, lapping up as much slick as he can.
For the first time, Castiel heads out to wait for Dean at the mouth of the alley.
“I don’t mind,” Cas says quickly. “I was only surprised. Not many people want to know me. Why do you?”
“Huh,” Dean says faintly. He gives himself a little shake. He needs a truth. No, no
With a small grin, Cas gets up to fetch the sweet potatoes instead. “You can’t live off sweet potatoes forever.” He holds out a spoon for Wart to sample. “They don’t have nearly enough protein to sustain you.”
He opens the door.
“Yeah, I got that,” Dean says, but he’s smiling. “You should look in the mirror sometime, though.” He winks, and Castiel’s brain nearly fritzes out. “So that’s a yes?”
“What are you three up to?”
Face flaming, Dean touches the new thought, trailing a light fingertip over the second word. “Can you feel them appear?”
Jack’s vision hasn’t come to pass yet. There is still pain and hunger and hate. But if Cas learned anything in the past six months, it’s the value of patience.
Dean doesn’t.
Dean guffaws. “Don’t ever change, man.” He claps him on the back while turning back to Kelly. “We can handle Daphne. Don’t worry.”
“I’ll be heading back home.”
Feeling slightly lighter, Cas closes his computer and picks up Wart’s bowl. It’s time to take the clothes out of the dryer.
Cas’s mouth hangs open. Eventually, he splutters, “Because murder is so much better! Whose corpse is that?”
Dean scowls.
Jack, hanging almost upside down by now, grumbles his nonsense words. His face scrunches, and Cas quickly rights him. It’s too late, though, since Jack lets out a wail.
“Thank you,” Castiel says gratefully.
“Yup,” Dean says. “The Spawn of Satan himself. Say ‘hi’, Jack.” Grinning, Dean takes Jack’s wrist in between his thumb and forefinger and flops Jack’s fist around in the barest approximation of a wave.
Castiel nods because if he opens his mouth he’s not sure what exactly will come out. Probably something highly embarrassing.
July 10, 1982
“It’s only a scent bond for now,” Dean says apologetically, “a strong one, obviously - but not unbreakable.”
Castiel didn’t really understand the Saturday Night Live skit where Dean played one half of a demon-hunting brother duo, but the live studio audience laughed uproariously at multiple points.
“Sammy says I would fit right in with the Coneheads,” Dean says cheerfully, cheeks bulging.
With his inhuman hearing, Cas catches Sam’s bark of exasperated laughter.
Dean is waiting for him - for their date.
After his next shift, Castiel asks Jo to show him how to make Dean’s apple pie latte.
“No.”
Cas growls, “DEAN!” obnoxiously loudly in his ear.
I already bought them.
Dean isn’t even wearing sunglasses or a hat to hide his face, but everyone walks straight past him.
“He could’ve done it at home,” Dean points out.
Plus, Cas always makes this funny little face when the bubbles hit his tongue, like it's a surprise every time.
Dean twists the key viciously in the lock and shoves the door open. “Alright, fun time’s ov-”
As Cas fumbles for the keys in his pocket, a prickling sensation raises the hairs at the back of his neck. He freezes, listening to the crickets chirp in the incoming twilight. Nothing about the disturbance has triggered any of his wards, so it’s more worrisome that it’s still enough to register with him at all.
“Tribute bands offer a fascinating definition of the nature of performance, the difference between authenticity and identity,” Castiel says, already on the defensive. He can already hear his voice trying to fall into his usual academic patterns, and tries to rein himself in, “and historical consciousness in popular music. Here -” He pulls out his phone.
“Do you want to talk about it?”
To his infinite frustration, Cas still can’t get Amanda’s face out of his mind by the time he’s finished folding the laundry. He braces his hands on the lid of the washer, closes his eyes and tries to clear his thoughts.
Dean's phone goes flying through the air next.
Castiel leans forward, bracing his hands on either side of Dean. “You are gorgeous,” Castiel tells him seriously. “I have,” he bends down to kiss the hinge of Dean’s jaw, “no idea how,” he kisses down the side of Dean’s neck, right over his scent gland, “you got this far in Hollywood,” down his sternum, “without knowing this,” further down his abdomen, “but I find it unacceptable.” He peppers kisses over the juts of both of Dean’s hip bones while his hands stroke down Dean’s sides, pressing the pads of his fingers into Dean’s oblique muscles.
“Hey!” Dean says, spinning it around to show to Cas. “I think it’s supposed to be you.”
That’s just great. Dean hops off the stool, meaning to ask the hostess if anyone’s asked for Winchester, when
Dean yanks one of his earbuds out and glares at Sam and his stupid fidget spinner. "If you play with that thing one more time, I'm gonna knock it out of your hand, I swear to god," Dean growls.
Sam’s face falls. “Wait, no-”
“Yeah?” Dean says, nonplussed. “It’s a bust. I don’t have time to check every floor of this place.”
Castiel grimaces. “I’ll get it,” he volunteers, extricating himself from underneath Dean’s hold.
“It’s as close as I’m gonna get at eight in the morning on a Thursday,” Dean says with a shrug.
“Hmph,” Rowena sniffs. “Men really are oblivious to matters of the heart.” She waves her hand again, eyes glimmering violet. “Like I thought,” she continues, placing both hands on her hips,
“Your turn,” Cas says stiffly.
“A very basic love spell,” Rowena says disdainfully. “The lass didn’t seem to have any imagination.”
“I’ve given it a fair amount of thought,” Cas says as he methodically strips Dean of his flannel and shirt. “What I would do to your body if I had the chance. How I would use my knowledge of human anatomy and physiology to give you pleasure.”
“Not you too,” Jody grumbles as she stalks out. She has a school to run.
Cas chuckles lightly. “That would be a start.”
Well, until Cas messaged him on Bobby’s new ask-a-mechanic feature on the garage’s website. Cas had inherited a banged up 1967 Mustang and had no idea where to start with restoration. Apparently
Replying to @cajunvamp
Cas chuckles. "You interrupted the spell before I could finish it. Neither of us are under any magical influence."
He’s such a dumbass.
Awesome.
Castiel gets jerked out of reading Jo’s messages as the train screeches to a stop at Times Square. Heart fluttering in anticipation, he leaves the car and heads out to the street.
She stops dead in her tracks.
Dean nods jerkily. “Yeah.”
“You did get veggie, right?” Sam asks hopefully.
Dean turns to him. “I wasn’t joking when I said the rest of the alphas in Hollywood suck balls,” he says, his expression going soft.
“Oh,” Castiel says, his cock straining almost painfully at the zipper of his pants. He wracks his mind for something to talk about that isn’t X-rated. “I’m sorry about missing the concert.”
“Let me help,” Dean drawls, pushing Cas’s coat off first. He lets it fall to the floor in a puddle of tan fabric, quickly followed by Cas’s suit jacket. He captures Cas’s mouth in another kiss, blindly undoing the buttons of Cas’s shirt. He lets it flutter to the floor and yanks Cas’s undershirt over his head, laughing softly as Cas has a little trouble with the neck hole.
“Did he want to watch Star Trek with you instead?” Castiel asks, amused.
Castiel stares at him, stunned.
Dean repeats, glaring fiercely.
prepared to take that secret to his grave, but Showerus had to go hit that pre-chorus like an oncoming, warbly, freight train, so Dean joined in with,
“Now?”
Sometimes, Cas despairs of Dean Winchester. He has to be the most boneheaded human in existence with the greatest destiny in all of creation.
He reads aloud to Wart,
Daphne looks too, and there’s no mistaking what Dean and Castiel were doing. Their lips are swollen from kissing, and, weirdly, Castiel’s tie faces the right way. Daphne snorts. Probably because he didn’t tie it himself, for once.
“Sure,” Dean says, tipping the bottle back like it’s water because he needs to be so much drunker to deal with Cas and his love spell bombshells right now.
But Benny left before Dean could even get halfway through the main course.
@Impala67
“History teacher,” Dean says at the same time that Daphne provides, “Dean’s ex.”
I don’t know where you would like to go from here, but I will respect any decision you make.
Jo pulls her phone from her back pocket and waves it in his face. “We talk,” she says. “How do you think he orders every time? He’s not getting those lattes for free, not after I spent so much time getting them exactly right.”
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel hands over the latte.
“You lasted longer than I did, if it’s any consolation,” Novak says conversationally as he gestures for Dean to take a seat in the mediocre waiting area in front of the welcome desk. It comprises of two chairs, a couch, and a coffee table covered with magazines at least six months out of date.
“I get it. The spotlight isn’t for everyone,” Dean smiles sardonically, disappointment and irritation wafting off him in acrid waves.
“Not on cheat day,” Dean tells him, lifting his empty cup. He turns to Jo. “And I wasn’t complaining at all. Cas was actually telling me about tribute bands.”
Daphne blinks at the pair of them, hurt. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
The redhead’s mouth falls open. “That is
Once Cas sets the frog on top of the posts of Jack’s crib, Jack goes happily to bed.
Dean’s face loses some of its hostility. Almost intrigued, he asks gruffly, “D’you know who wrote it?”
Dean almost drops the plate. “You’re insatiable,” he says in a strained voice.
But the emergency stairs lie off to the right.
“I thought you weren’t pursuing projects like that anymore,” Castiel says carefully, trying to keep the judgement out of his voice.
Dean cracks a smile as they start walking towards the Humanities Building. “Well, she’s not wrong.”
Dean laughs giddily. “Should’ve known you wouldn’t beat around the bush. Not your style.” He jerks his head towards the bar. “I think I see an open seat. You wanna have that talk now?”
Castiel frowns. “I wasn’t aware that kind of intercourse was restricted to true mates.”
Cas deftly plucks it out of the air and tucks it into his pocket. “Put the gun down, Dean.”
“I miss all of them,” Cas murmurs to Wart. “I keep waiting for it to stop, but I don’t think it ever will.”
“Mr. Cole.” Amara gets to her feet. “You have
seems like the real deal.
Dean steps out of his pants, frowning as he takes in Cas, still bundled up to the neck in suit and coat. “Looks like you’re overdressed, angel.”
“This is such a mistake,” Dean mutters as he waits for the call to go through. Silently, he curses Cas for being such a technophobe. If Cas had a goddamn Etsy store, Dean wouldn’t be in this situation. But no, Dean has to call every time to place an order because Cas’s Geocities-era website is shit.
“And you think he lives on this floor?” she asks, propping one hand on her hip.
Weirdly enough, the man smiles at his reaction. “Castiel.” He gestures to Bones. “I was just admiring my work on its true recipient.” His smile turns distinctly wry. “It’s not often I get to see my collars out in public.”
Castiel jerks his head towards the door, his limbs tingling with a wild rush of adrenaline. “Run.”
“Not an angel?”
Cas may love him with everything he is, but Dean is an idiot.
“My first job was at a Gas-n-Sip in high school, and they fired me after a month.”
Where the fuck did you - shit.” His Dean cuts himself off, his approaching footsteps slowing.
“If that happens, Rowena would probably turn you back.”
Castiel blinks. “I don’t want ‘out’.”
By the third flight of stairs, Castiel finally remembers Dean has been dieting and training to be in optimal physical shape for the past month, while Castiel’s most rigorous exercise consists of moving dishware. For god’s sake, Castiel doesn’t even know what floor Dean lives on.
I had thought I was given this curse to make the world a better place, a cog in a bigger machine marching humanity towards progress. Why else would I be granted eternal life? But you showed me another way. You, with your Star Wars Episode IV, Led Zeppelin, and countless other “time wasters” that aren’t a waste of time at all. You made me feel younger, lighter, than I have in hundreds of years.
Dean throws Sam a triumphant smile, and Sam begrudgingly forks over two fifties.
“Not like that,” Cas says quickly.
His old Grifter, of course, retired and opened a bar.
That night, the rejection slid off Dean like water off a duck’s back, and he moved onto Castiel. If Castiel had said no, Dean would have found the next person in line, and maybe they would be here instead, talking about the posters over Dean’s bed. And when Dean loses interest in Castie, hopefully the next person will ask about his posters. He really seems to love them.
Dean grins. “Hey, man, it’s Dean Winchester.”
Dean shifts his weight to his other foot. “Right… you and Cas?” Dean ventures as Cas sighs loudly next to him.
“Huh?”
“Yes, they are truly delightful people,” Cas deadpans.
Sam pokes his head out of his room. “Did I hear Hobbits? Are you guys watching Lord of the Rings?”
Castiel cocks his head. “Other than your restricted diet and inadvisable levels of drinking?”
Dean lets out a bark of laughter. He can already feel the insecurities looming on the horizon. There’s always a catch: Cas never stays; Cas might want Dean now, but he’ll fly away the moment Dean fucks up because he has no idea what he’s doing.
And again.
Dean straightens, eyeing the cup in his hand warily. “You didn’t make it?” Does he sound almost disappointed?
As Castiel pushes open the door, Dean is waiting outside. Dark sunglasses shield his green eyes, and a violet bruise blooms over his left eyebrow. As the alley door slams shut behind Castiel, Dean winces. His left hand holds a half-empty paper container of french fries.
Dean’s scent spikes with anticipation, and Castiel can practically taste the slick in the air. He shrugs out of his flannel and lets it flutter to the floor.
Wart will require frequent mistings not to dry out. Cas is sure he has at least one spray bottle around, albeit full of Windex. He turns to Wart, eyeing the frog critically, and reaches out to tentatively stroke a finger down Wart’s back.
After a muttered thanks, Dean takes a long drink. “Christ, this tastes even better than normal.”
Cas purses his lips, fingers slipping on the cork.
Castiel has thought about asking Dean for more. Maybe a meal before they fall into bed together. If he was feeling especially daring, dinner and a movie.
Cas shrugs. “It doesn’t seem to be affecting me at all. My vessel is functioning normally.”
“You won’t accept this is one area in which you can’t help?” Cas asks quietly.
“It translates to washer bears,” Cas says, “because they always try to wash their food before they eat it.”
“Partying?”
Dean threw the frisbee.
“The witch we ganked two weeks ago was a dude,” Dean says. A beat. “A man witch.”
Kelly’s smell is long gone, but Cas can still feel her everywhere - in the blankets she chose underneath him; in the faded wallpaper she insisted on leaving up because it would give her more time to work on Jack’s room; in the scuff mark on the floor where she dropped the heavy metal bed frame because she told him she could help move it up the stairs.
When Jo next ducks her head into the kitchen to tell Castiel that Dean will swing by in fifteen minutes, Castiel gets to work. He awkwardly sidles behind the front counter and maneuvers around Ruby and Kevin, nearly knocking Kevin’s elbow as Kevin attempts some elaborate leaf pattern.
“I actually do,” Cas protests, the faintest stirrings of anger creeping into his words. “This isn’t the spell, Dean.”
Cas looks away from Dean for the first time, and Dean dies a little inside. Stiffy, Cas says, “If this is some misguided attempt to show your sympathy for my situation. I don’t appreciate the gesture.”
As Cas pauses, bemused, Dean quickly leans in and presses a kiss to his cheek.
@Impala67
Dean doesn’t laugh, but he lets out a suspiciously choked-off noise.
Cas shakes his head as he sits back on his bench, facing the concrete wall beyond the bars, not looking in Dean’s direction at all. He still can’t stop his leg from jiggling. “You don’t have to say anything.”
Dean and Castiel have been friends for ages - he was the first person Dean & Sam got to join the band
“Tell me about it,” Dean says darkly. “Gimme.”
Dean cracks up.
This past weekend, Castiel went down a spiral of Dean Winchester content. He read up on all of Dean’s recent projects, scanned headlines about rumors of his next film - some action thriller that Castiel presumes is the reason for Dean’s diet - and watched interview after interview. Dean on Stephen Colbert. Dean on Good Morning America. Dean on some very confusing show where they forced him to eat spicy chicken wings, which seemed like an exercise in pepper-based sadism.
Dean can practically feel the power thrumming underneath the trench coat sleeve in his grip, but Cas wordlessly lets Dean guide him back to the library table.
“What?”
“Up?” he asks.
Cas nods jerkily. “I know, and that’s fine.” He tries to take a step back, but there’s nowhere to go since he’s already backed himself up against the door.
But his soul - his soul is the same.
Unlike with Cas.
“When the hell did you think,
“Get out!”
Dean’s eyebrows rise incredulously. “It wouldn’t?”
Castiel throws him an incredulous look. “No.”
Congratulations my dudes!!! I’ve never seen you both happier <3 #Destiel
Cas smiles, a small thing, barely there. “I’ve been better.”
Dean swallows. He inhales a sharp breath. “We’ve known where you were since Jack was born.”
She gives him an unimpressed look before taking a sip of her whiskey.
He went to sleep late last night, watching one of Dean’s earlier movies. He was slimmer and younger, but he still shone with his signature charisma and talent. For the first time since Castiel started the morning shift at Hunter’s Cafe, he snoozed his alarm.
He could head to his car, just go and find the closest bar to bide his time, but maybe he can snag another free room instead. In the main office, he slams the key down on the desk, making Novak jump. “I need a different room,” Dean growls.
“You’re gonna make me forget anyway, what’s the harm,
Cas still doesn’t understand. “You came
“Daphne!” Aaron says loudly. “What’re you doing here?”
“So, uh, who’s the lucky chick?” Dean asks as he makes a beeline for the liquor cart in the library off the war room. He grabs an additional glass for Cas and the bottle of Jack, tips the bottle down his own throat to get them started, and pours them out a few fingers.
“It sounds very promising,” Castiel agrees.
Dean’s scent turns teasing. “Pretty sure I’m not.”
Dean makes a choked noise in the back of his throat. Do
“If you wouldn’t mind staying,” Castiel says, speaking up. “I have a few additional questions for you.”
He taps his fingers against his leg, his whole body jittery with nerves. “Look, what you said - I had no idea you felt that way.” He swallows. “And I think that’s my bad. We’ve been friends for ten goddamn years. How could I not know? But you were always leaving, and I thought…” he drifts off. “It doesn’t matter what I thought.”
He has trouble focusing for the rest of the class, sneaking sidelong looks at Cas, who seems determined not to let his attention wander from the discussion. If he’s not staring at the person talking, he’s focused on his notes.
Shouldn’t you be telling me college opens all these doors and all that bullshit?”
Cas makes the first move.
“You could at least make it hard,” Jo says, tossing her hair behind her shoulder. “Sometimes I think you’re letting me do it. I’m not sure why, though.”
Dean grins and closes the door behind them.
And maybe in a week, once Daphne and Castiel know each other better, they can get drinks alone together. Or Kelly can get drinks alone with him. Daphne won’t fight Kelly for him, and Kelly won’t fight her.
His phone obnoxiously tells him it’s 4:43.
Dean leans one elbow on the counter, eyes narrowing. “Your website said check in was at three PM.”
Maybe he feels off because he let Cas out of the mental toybox of kink he usually keeps squashed tightly shut (unless he’s at his BDSM club).
“You only want to play alphas?” Castiel asks curiously.
Congrats, brother! @ihatethursdays is finally making an honest man out of you #Destiel
“Would you rather… wait?” Cas ventures cautiously.
“Oh yes,” Castiel says, bobbing his head in a nod. “It’s just… I don’t get out often.”
But instead of standing to the side, Dean adopts a pained expression. “He’s four, right?”
Dean scowls as he catches his mistake. “Don’t get ahead of yourself, Casanova. First Star Trek. Then Swayze. Maybe Hobbits.
“Unfortunately. I was not expecting such a heteronormative plot based on the summary,” Novak says, so completely deadpan it takes Dean a half second to catch his meaning and burst into laughter.
Novak huffs a small laugh. “Napa Valley, actually. The important part was that it was from America at all - Mother has strong opinions about wine that doesn’t originate in France or Italy.”
It’s like Jody wants them to surreptitiously play games on their phones and text each other when she’s looking the other way or yelling at Rowena for blowing up the Chemistry Lab again.
“C’mon, we’ve got to split,” Dean says quickly. “Have you heard from Sam lately?”
“I don’t think I’ve ever been truly happy,” Cas says, glancing down at the instrument in his hands. “I’ve been content before. I’ve appreciated the route of flowers. I’ve masturbated, which is very satisfactory but also very fleeting.” He shrugs. “I adore my work, my friends. What am I missing?”
“Men can like chick flicks too, Sammy,” Dean says without looking up. He searches for the pirating website with one hand, hunt and pecking the keys.
behind the bar?” Sam asks, eyebrows rising. “The Coolidge Museum reported it stolen twelve years ago. It’s worth over five hundred thousand.”
When Dean embarrassingly couldn’t think of a single thing people did on dates except eat and have sex, Cas went to
“Not important?” Castiel asks, eyebrows rising.
“It’s not for you, doofus,” Jo says as she rolls her eyes. “There’s a customer out back.” She jerks her head towards the service exit that leads to the alley where they dump their trash (and where Ruby takes her furtive smoke breaks). “I need you to take this to him.”
Instead of watching Cas prepare breakfast as he has always done, Jack keeps his gaze trained on Wart, who has doubled down where Cas left him. Wart has tucked all his limbs beneath him, looking more like a rock painted like a frog than a living animal. He stares back warily at Jack, not moving a muscle.
Christ, he needs more ears.
Pausing just outside the doorway into the hall, Dean spins on his heel, pointing his finger square in Cas’s face. “This is all for you, got it? Don’t mention it to anyone, or I’ll kill you.”
“Hey,” Dean says, sliding into a seat next to her.
Cas shakes his head, his gaze focusing on Dean’s face with his patented laser intensity. “You have no idea what you’re asking for.”
Cas leans back a fraction, his eyes widening in alarm or shock. But before he can utter another word, Dean brings their mouths together.
The crib breaks.
Dean tugs him back down for another kiss, grinning against his mouth. “Don’t you dare,” he whispers.
“I have a weird question.”
“So how did Chuck find you, anyway?” Dean asks. It’s just him and Jo in the hotel room, as Benny had left to make his own lunch, and Sam had taken off for a local Starbucks to launch a vicious phishing attack on anyone with an @mountaintop.com email address over the age of 65. The television plays some informercial on mute in the background.
"I accidentally cursed our apartment," Cas says, wringing his hands.
“I told my agent to tell them to shove it where the sun don’t shine,” Dean says cheerfully, “but they threatened her with a giant check, so she sent it my way anyway just for shits and giggles to tell them she did.”
He frowns. The neighbor he’s looking for is not Deaf. Maybe tone deaf, with how he butchered Single Ladies singing in the shower all those months ago. (And every song since.)
“Seriously?”
For Christ’s sake. It’s the second day of school - Jody is very confident her teachers have better things to do than cross boundaries with new colleagues.
Cas turns his head so he can glare balefully down at Dean with one brilliant blue eye. “Todd refilled the soda machine incorrectly. We had to reimburse ten customers who poured the wrong drinks despite the clear signs indicating the buttons were temporarily incorrect.”
Castiel sticks out his hand like he’s greeting the President instead of Kelly’s four-year-old son. “You as well, Jack.”
It’s the kind of peaceful Cas has only felt before in the Impala, driving back to a motel from dinner immediately after a hunt, the Winchesters sated and tired, Led Zeppelin playing at half-volume from the speakers.
“Trust me,” Jo says, flipping her hair behind her shoulder as she sets Castiel up for a third cup. “Your scent’s getting in the way, but it tastes exactly like an apple pie.”
The frog lets out an indignant croak.
Dean’s mouth twitches. “What.”
“C’mon, Cas, it’s me,” Dean says - pleads, really. “You know me better than anyone else, ’cept Sammy. I won’t do something like that.”
Cas was the type who wore a blazer and a trenchcoat to the first day of class. In fucking
Dean raises his eyebrows, smirking. “Exactly. I needed to know if he thought that position-”
Sam glares at him, clearly not believing a word he says.
Daphne’s eyes go wide.
Novak purses his lips. “Wait here?” he offers.
“Because what I see is a successful omega despite the odds, who works incredibly hard and is willing to make great personal sacrifices for what he believes in.”
As soon as Professor Tran lets them go, Cas is out of his seat like a shot, his rainbow cape sweeping after him. Dean calls his name, but either Cas doesn’t hear or chooses to ignore him.
Dean climbs the next two floors humming Eye of the Tiger.
Castiel hums as he switches to the other side. Dean’s harsh pants of breath echo in his ears, and his hips buck rhythmically with every new lick to the side of his neck.
“Why don’t we take this to the bed?” Dean murmurs.
Dean picks it up tentatively. He really can’t handle reading about a fictional version of himself banging Cas, but before he can flip the letter open, Cas nudges him with his elbow. “Sam’s right. This one is obviously of us,” he says, tilting the drawing so Dean can get a full view.
Cas meets his gaze squarely. “I love you, Dean. No spell is making me say it; it’s just me.” He inhales a swift breath. “But if you’ve changed your mind, if I’m not -” he pauses infinitesimally before soldiering on, “not what you want, you should tell me now. Before any more mistakes are made.”
“It is?” Castiel asks hopefully.
Truthfully, none of his past relationships ever measured up. None of his past partners ever managed to get Castiel out of his own head - not like the music.
“I’ll come find you immediately after I’m clean,” Cas promises as he twists around to turn on the shower. He sticks a hand into the spray, testing the water temperature. He grimaces at the cold - it usually takes a few seconds for the heat to kick in.
“Oh, no-”
Cas scowls.
“Nobody will find your body.”
Rowena beams. “Well now, if he were already in love, it would have no outward effects. He’d…” Her expression becomes stomach-turningly sly, “...function normally, so to speak.”
Nobody moves a muscle.
As Cas finishes portioning out the sweet potato, Jack’s eyes flare gold again and Wart rises from the table.
“What has gotten into you?” he asks, bewildered. He strokes Wart’s back soothingly. “Are you sick?”
The Impala's back door creaks open. They both freeze.
“I was
Ten minutes later, Dean hangs up, his order completed, but the odd, squirmy feeling in his gut isn’t going away. With zero ideas what to do about that, Dean gets up and makes himself a sandwich.
Castiel throws him an incredulous look. “How do you expect to get anywhere without a senior keycard? I’m coming with you.”
“Whatever. Is that mine?” Dean demands, zeroing in on Castiel’s cup.
“We were thinking of leaving in like an hour,” Daphne says, “but you can also meet us there - Fizzle’s Folly? It’s on Water Street.”
Cas’s rigid posture loses some tension. “I’m glad Sam pulled through.”
Novak flips around to the back cover and reads out loud,
Dean swallows. Cas can’t be - she can’t be implying - that’s impossible. He’s an angel. They don’t feel things like that.
“So they, like, have a thing for angels?” Dean asks haltingly. “An angel kink?”
“When you did sleep, genius.”
“Ah.”
Wart clings to the hard surface, glaring reproachfully up at Cas.
there.”
The frog squishes itself flat, its belly and chin practically melding into the wood.
Cas rises to his feet. “We will be back soon,” he says to Wart, “but you must stay behind.”
Liar. “Plus?”
Dean purses his lips, the last niggling doubt itching at the back of his mind. “Have you got proof that Chuck is pulling a fast one on us?”
“Alright, alright,” Dean grumbles, “Look, I have to go. Cas’s giving me the stink eye for the call - you know how he is. Text if there’s an emergency - no, wait, make sure it’s a real emergency with Benny and get him to text me. You got that? Great.” He shoves his phone in his suit jacket with a loud sigh.
“I can be nice,” Dean says, stung.
“Getting along with him too well is the issue?” Jo asks, her eyebrows rising.
And waits.
“How can you possibly know that?” Cas says, pained and impressed. So young, and already so jaded. “We’ve met on four occasions by this point.”
The door opens. “Dean, it’s me.”
Dean chokes. Beating his sternum with his clenched fist, he squints down at Cas’s cautious face. “What makes you say that?” he gasps as his airways clear up.
Now it’s Castiel’s turn to flush. His colleagues, while they respect his academic reputation, have nearly all looked down on his chosen focus. “One of the main tenets of ethnomusicology is a global perspective on music-”
Fucking great. Dean crumples the receipt and shoves it back in his pocket. With his luck, James will probably want to meet in the restaurant on the first floor, the fancy-ass place with the steakhouse burger and truffle fries Dean would actually sell his soul for.
Cas huffs a loud sigh. “I thought you were more trusting.”
Sam’s gaze snaps to Jack. “Is that - ?” he starts, his eyes wide.
God knows, the last time Cas visited the Bunker he didn’t have entirely pure intentions in mind.
the Antichrist,” Cas says, his temper rising again. “If you threaten him-”
Face determined, he leans over and grasps the lapels of Cas’s trench coat.
Cas goggles at him. “How on Earth was it my fault?”
“For the last fucking time, it’s not a goddamn spell!” Dean explodes. “Whatever it is, he is not in love. He hasn’t been acting any different.”
“The exercise was to incorporate a verbal key to undo the spell,” Cas says slowly.
you about the suspicious murders practically in our backyard. For weeks.”
“I forgot,” Castiel forces out between gulps of air, “I don’t like running.”
“Might be fun,” Sam says, his tone considering. “We’ve never worked with a team before.”
Okay, Dean needs Rowena and her heebs with a large dosing of the jeebs out of the Bunker,
Beyonce until he got to the chorus. And even then the wailing,
bouncing around his skull like a blocked radio signal. Cas said them; Dean heard them with his own two ears; but the meaning behind the words is getting lost in transmission.
Cas has a distinctly squirrelly look around his eyes.
“Oh,” Cas says quietly, staring down at the tape in his hands. “That’s… good. Hopefully somewhere nicer.”
Aaron says, drawing the syllable out as Dean composes himself.
Pleased, Jody strides out of the Teachers Lounge, nearly running into Donna. “Here,” she says, pressing the coffee into her hands. “I put too much sugar in it anyway.”
“Is this a date?”
“Thank god,” Dean says as he reaches for the latte. “I was starting to think Jo was gonna stiff me.”
Dean almost topples onto Bones. “Are you hitting on me?”
“Christ,” Dean mutters, snatching it from Cas’s lax grip.
“Not off the top of my head.” Castiel pulls out his phone to look it up. He reads aloud, “Ghostfacers, directed by Ed Zeddmore, written by Harry Spangler. Starring Maggie Zeddmore and Alan Corbett.” He pauses, trying to remember the details. “I think they both were omegas. I’m sure there are more films like Ghostfacers out there for you to make.”
“Ah!” Kelly whirls around, clutching her heart.
“I don’t understand.”
Once he’s recovered, Castiel shakes his head. “I want to see you,” he says, almost shyly.
“Fucking perfect. As always.”
“It’s my cell, so yes.”
Don’t look at his dick.
“Jesus,” Dean mutters, “This isn’t - it’s never been - about you being goddamn useful.” He huffs an exasperated breath, frowning harder as Cas doesn’t immediately get it and launch himself at Dean.
After the lamb-soft leather slid around his throat, the buckle clasped shut leaving just enough room to breathe, and the first tug to really test the fit, Dean was a goner.
Chuck has no idea what his old Hacker and Thief are doing, probably back on the con. Raphael and Lucifer never worked well with others.
Cas gives a tiny nod, and that’s all the signal Dean needs to kiss him soundly.
Bemused, Kelly pushes her cart after Dean, back to the display beds. Her eyes zero in on the orange eye-sore, currently occupied by a jumping toddler. A dark-haired man perches on one edge with his back to them, apparently trying to communicate with Kelly’s wayward son.
“Damn straight.”
“Do you want me to remove the love spell or not?” Rowena asks, eyebrows raised. “My time is precious, you know. I don’t live to be at the Winchesters’ beck and call.”
“I think your taste buds must be severely incapacitated.”
You’re such a girl. Didn’t I write in my last letter, I just needed a little time? You’re so dramatic sometimes. My return address is on the envelope, so don’t be a stranger. Write me. I want to hear all about the Titanic. Don’t think I missed that little detail.
“So?” Cas doesn’t point out that his last relationship ended three years ago. After reading an idiotic article in Cosmo at his dentist’s office, he made up romantic interests in a futile effort to make Dean jealous. But Dean was happy for him; he even helped him plan a date or two. To pay Cas back for everything he’d done for him, Dean said.
One chorus of Heat of the Moment later, and Showerus Interruptus shut the hell up. Sure, Dean’s voice cracked on the high note in,
chance that theirs matched up after all.
“Did she throw a shoe at you too?” Novak asks sympathetically as he disappears into a back room.
Dean reaches up to touch the spot, grimacing at the tenderness. “You can thank Room 15 for that.”
“I’m sure you do,” Amara says as she sits back down. “This is my colleague, Castiel Vauxhall. He’s our Vice President of finances.”
Dean grins. “That sounds like a challenge.”
“I guess it might be better if you could water it down with plenty of booze. I was twelve, so…” Before Novak can say anything, Dean asks quickly, “What’s the book about?”
“What the hell is happening?” Cas demands. “Naomi still hasn’t returned.”
you texted, didn’t you.
Dean guffaws, nearly inhaling his drink. Swearing unrepentantly, he shifts the cup to the crook of his elbow and takes his sunglasses off. He rubs his temple with his free hand. “Christ, I’m too hungover to laugh like that.” He squints over at Castiel before sliding the sunglasses back on his face.
Novak’s expression turns considering. “That sounds remarkably like my Thanksgiving last year.”
Dean hesitates, mouthing the unknown word in confusion, and Sam seizes his opportunity to get Dean in a very awkward headlock. Dean's leg goes flailing, knocking into the steering wheel painfully as his elbow knocks into the door with an audible thunk.
Wart lets himself be pet with all the graciousness of a Winchester digging up their third grave of the night - a burden to be borne for the greater good. Wart shuffles a little in place, not entirely at ease, but without any good reason to move.
“He’s got witchy stuff on his arms. What do you think he’s up to?”
"Is that the same flag you hung on your door for pride last year?"
she barks, eyes flaring violet.
“I love you,” Cas says simply. “Why wouldn’t I at least want to try?”
Dean snorts. “Not everyone wants their bedroom to channel their inner 15-year-old kid. Your place looks like an actual adult lives here.”
Castiel makes his way forward, keeping his gaze firmly on the line of people waiting to see Lez Zeppelin. With each new face he passes, a new ball of dread fills the pit of his stomach. He must be getting closer to Dean, but the scent is only growing stronger too.
game, he doesn’t out and say
Kelly presses a kiss to his forehead and turns back to Castiel and Dean, who look more like two students caught passing notes than fully grown men. “Well?”
Novak chuckles. “No vampires either, if that was your next question.”
“It only dug deeper into you.” Dean exhales, a complicated mixture of embarrassment, rage, and dread settling heavily in the pit of his stomach.
“No, Gary Busey,” Aaron says, rolling his eyes, “of course Dean.”
Cas rolls his eyes but ducks back down to get his hands back on Dean’s cock. Dean hisses at the contact, but Cas ignores him. Cas tightens his grip, one corner of his mouth quirking up as Dean’s hips jerk and twist in response.
“Yeah,” Aaron says, jerking his head towards the bar. “I need to piss anyway.”
“Retrieval specialist,” Benny corrects under his breath.
“Dean loves chick flicks.”
“No matter how many royalties he makes off his books, it’s nothing compared to a top position in
“That was… very nice,” Cas says eventually.
Dean leans forward, bracing his elbows on his knees. He can still see Layla’s face, shining with hope and faith. He’d been posing as some new age preacher, worming his way into her life through her mother, who checked her daily astrology horoscope, had a psychic on retainer, and once spent twelve thousand dollars on a month’s worth of sessions with a medium to contact her late husband. Layla didn’t buy into it entirely before she met Dean, but, by the end, she was a believer.
You, with your stupid sweaters, your dumbass interruptions to every movie, your ability to see the good in everyone, you ruined me for everyone else. You sunk your teeth so deep in me, I’ll never get the taste of you out of my blood.
Cas sets down his book and walks closer.
The door opens before he’s ready, revealing a tall, dark-haired man with serious eyes. “Can I help you?” he asks, and Dean recognizes his voice even without all the weird echoes and vent-distortions.
Cas wipes his perfectly clean hands with a rag, ducking his head in a futile effort to hide his reddening cheeks. “You should celebrate. It’s a big day for the Royale Inn. It’s the least I could do, Dean.”
He stares out at the room, unseeing.
“How many have you had today?”
“And you wonder why we never bring you to parties,” Dean says as Cas scowls in return, really only proving Dean’s point. “I’ve been looking into other stuff to do.”
“Why?”
“And if I don’t want you to leave?” Cas asks in an undertone as he pushes the up button for the elevator.
Cas carefully sets his coffee carafe down. “With you?” he echoes carefully.
“Hello, Aaron.”
“It clearly appeals to all genders if it is one of the biggest box office successes of all time,” Sam says, exasperated. He folds his arms across the back of Dean’s desk chair, waiting for Dean to cue the movie.
Dean throws back his head and laughs.
“You do like to be more hands-on,” Cas says diplomatically.
Jack didn’t enjoy his time at the pediatrician for his six-month-old checkup, but the nurses assured Cas that was normal. He could mostly sympathize with Jack: Cas himself had been stabbed a few times, albeit with an angel blade and not a DTaP-filled syringe, and it was an experience that was far from pleasant.
To Cas’s chagrin, Jack takes his cues from the frog and also shuns the lima beans. Cas only convinces him to eat a couple spoonfuls before Jack’s face screws up, and he refuses another bite.
I don’t know how to say this in person, so Sam suggested writing it down. I didn’t tell him what you were, just that we had a fight.
Cas smiles at the word
So far, he’s bought three collars from Cas. Forest green. Jet black edged with impossibly fine black lace. One made mostly of white lace over a thin strip of leather, entirely for show and no hard play.
Dean shrugs, aiming for nonchalant and missing by a solid mile. “At least it’s not booze?” he tries weakly.
And all goes to plan, that is, until his ship is invaded by the notorious pirate, Benny Lafitte, and his crew.
I said yes!
With a sigh, Cas hauls himself to his feet. He briefly debates bringing Wart with him, but the frog doesn’t need to be present during Jack’s diaper change, and he might get in the way.
As Cas lifts the stroller down the porch stairs, Jack lets out a wail.
“He’s written
Dean throws up his hands. “Did you miss my ‘spawn of Satan’ comment?”
Aaron not-so-accidentally knocks his elbow, loudly, into the door as he turns to face Jody et al. “We didn’t see you there,” he says conversationally.
Jody pinches the bridge of her nose. “Okay, that’s all that was on my agenda for today’s meeting-” she waits for the cheers to die down, “-but, Dean and Castiel, can you stay for a sec?”
He bundles Jack up against the early-morning chill, tucking him into a thicker onesie than he wears around the house. He wrestles small shoes onto Jack’s feet and straps Jack into their all-terrain stroller. Jack whines and fusses the whole time, so Cas capitulates on the hat, which stays behind.
The naked guy slows his movements, but he doesn’t stop - or move to cover his junk.
“No worries at all,” Daphne says with tittering laugh. “I was just wondering if you wanted to get a drink?”
“What?” Dean asks, eyes narrowing.
Dean grins. “The sooner the grave’s dug, the sooner we can put this all behind us.”
“Not unless you count Garth,” Daphne says, grinning, as she pushes open the door to the Language Office. “He owns a motorcycle, if you can believe - oh, hey, Dean.”
Cas runs a weary hand down his face. He just shakes his head.
“Seriously?” Dean demands, chuckling a little, because, honestly, the thought had never occurred to him. “You’re the
“We work together,” Castiel explains.
He refuses to look at the far corner of the room, the booth he had reserved like an idiot. Four PM, party of two, under the name Winchester.
“Hacker,” Chuck inserts quickly.
“Oh,” Cas says, “That was very frowned upon at Carver Preparatory.”
“Led Zeppelin?”
“Then I'll pay this time.” Castiel roots around in his pants for his wallet but doesn’t bother putting them on as he makes his way to the front door. If he knows Dean at all, he’ll probably be up for round two after eating something.
Jack, sniffling, cranes his neck around to keep Cas in view as he opens the refrigerator and pulls out a few plastic containers of Jack’s food. “What do you think, Jack?” Cas asks, holding up the applesauce, mashed carrots, and sweet potato. He doesn’t have to wait long before the apple sauce goes sailing out of his hand to land awkwardly on the tray in front of Jack.
“Dean doesn’t have one,” Castiel says promptly.
Dean’s mouth falls open in complete surprise. “You didn’t know?”
Aaron snorts. “I mean, we’re not in middle school. It’s a little more complicated.”
191,021 views ● October 31, 2021
“I know nothing of the sort,” Cas says gravely, and, by the way Dean chuckles, he knows Cas’s ignorance is feigned.
That’s right; Dean cleans when he’s nervous.
“And tried to interrogate a cat-”
“It’s not even Mom’s! She told us she buys it from the Piggly Wiggly!”
“Students are in there,” Aaron blurts.
Dean, wide-eyed, nods, so Castiel gets back to the task at hand. “You are beautiful,” he repeats into Dean’s skin, the tops of Dean’s thighs, the sensitive skin between his knees, the heel of his foot.
Swift concert tix? She’s
“Can I help you?” Dean asks pointedly.
Before he can make up his mind, James is walking towards him. “Hello,” he says. “I wasn’t expecting to run into you here.”
In the 7th floor hallway, Dean stands outside 7J, his finger poised at the doorbell. He pauses, but he doesn’t have to strain his ears to catch the sound of Bob Seger coming from behind the door.
Dean’s too old to fall for this crap again.
Dean huffs a slow breath, clearly steeling himself. “Would you mind closing late?”
“They’re going to dinner,” Dean tells Cas, unashamedly punching the air with his free hand. He reads his watch. Crap. “Gotta go. Crowley wants reservations for nine.”
“He’ll be fine,” Dean says from behind him. “He’s half-archangel. Practically indestructible. Ain’t that right, bud?”
The man takes a large step back. “No? What kind of question is that?”
@cajunvamp
If Dean wants to let the bond fall to the wayside, Castiel won’t stop him. Asking Castiel on one date hardly compares to a mating. Neither of them had any idea they were true mates. Castiel can hardly blame him for second thoughts. The timing isn’t ideal, but revelations like these hardly ever are.
Bones is objectively a great dog, so Dean has no problem dog-sitting when Sam gets tapped for a week-long business trip. Dean hauls Bones’s bed, toys, and crate to his place, and bribes him with Dean’s special hamburger for a good first night sleeping over in a strange place.
Jack babbles irate nonsense into Cas’s shoulder.
“No Sam,” Dean confirms.
“No. I did that part of my homework, at least.”
“Hello,” naked guy says.
Dean, is simply grateful Cas gets to use a cheat code for all the hard parts.
Castiel’s eyes widen, and Dean almost laughs at the expression on his face. Like he thinks Dean is absolutely insane.
Cas winkles his nose in distaste, and that’s it; Dean will always call it a grace boner from now on. “It would be no different than manipulating your body’s physiology to speed up healing or render you unconscious.”
On the bar by his glass, his phone is still lit up with Cas’s texts from the past hour.
Cas rolls his eyes.
But the man behind the desk actually winces as Dean approaches. He ducks behind his book, a romance novel, judging by the perky nipples of the dude on the cover and swirling script of the title.
Cas reaches through the bars, but he’s still a few inches short.
Dean swallows, his breathing shallow and uneven. “It’s not forever,” he says quickly.
Cas swallows, dragging his gaze back up to meet Dean’s wide eyes. “The reason I didn’t tell you about the love spell was because it couldn’t make me love you any more than I already do.”
Castiel bites his lip. “But I don’t -”
“Huh?”
Almost without thinking, Cas bends down and kisses Wart too.
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose as Castiel turns to him.
Dean picks up a large flat envelope and rips it open. “What the…?” he murmurs. He slides out a matte illustration of the Impala driving down a nameless highway, golden wheat fields bracketing both sides of the road, a fading sunset illuminating the horizon. His mouth falls open.
“Well, I’m trying not to think about how I’m soaking through my pants or how my heat’s here
The rain doesn’t abate during the night. Cas does the laundry and checks the local news. The arrhythmic staccato of the rain beating against the roof outside and dropping into his various pots on the floor inside the house calms him in a way he can't put into words.
Unlike Cas and Sam, Dean prepped for the stakeout. He downloaded the last season of Dr. Sexy on his phone the day before, and now he's almost caught up. Just the season finale to go.
“Fine,” Cas says, his face set. He gets up. “I can coordinate with Rowena at a later date. She should focus on the cursed box, anyway. It’s clearly a more pressing concern and the reason we called her in the first place.”
“That you were proposing a threesome, either with my past self or yours?” Cas asks, eyebrows raised.
“You’re not invited, bitch.”
Dean shrugs. “My agent sent me a few pages of another action flick. The producer wants me for the big, dumb Alpha Lead.”
It’s no trouble at all for Dean to lean the rest of the way across the counter and press their lips together. Cas’s breath hitches, but Dean can feel him smiling against his mouth. He reaches up to cup Cas’s jaw, pressing the pads of his fingers against the soft skin behind his ear, relishing in the rub of day-old stubble against his palm.
“Even though I’m still palling around with an angel?” Dean shoots back.
Ice freezes Castiel’s veins. “And you don’t think so?” he asks tentatively.
briefly crosses his mind as he ogles the stranger, struggling to remember what he was even going to say.
He cleared his throat before he continued, nervousness making it feel tight and making him feel like he was forcing words out. "I… I have amnesia. And… I-I think you might be able to help me remember my past. At least… You're the only thing I can remember from before the amnesia." He waited for a response, held his breath in fear, but all he heard was silence. He waited for what seemed almost like an hour before he came to the conclusion that Dean must think him crazy, and decided that it was best he leave.
“Reading a book,” he grinds out and does his best to scoot as far away from her as possible. Clara was the only one of Dean’s workers that didn’t seem to put off by his preference of books and laptop to conversations and people; and while he appreciated that at times, he also very much disliked it. She was a nice girl yes, but she was also rather in one’s face and a bit obnoxious; a perfect fit for Dean’s restaurant.
"Sir! Please stop struggling! I'm trying to help you! Are you alright?" The words finally reach his ears and he stills, letting them swim around in his brain and calm his frazzled nerves. He swallows, shaking his head, not sure yet if he's able to speak. What happened to him?
. True, it may be him paying tribute to Cas, but it wasn't like he didn't want this anyway. Besides, he figures that Cas would be pretty okay with this idea if he were here. "So Sammy, what do you think?" He grins as he asks the question, turning slightly to look at Sam, hoping that he can't see the pain buried underneath all the excitement.
“Um… Yeah.” Sam offers, his shoulders lifting in a half shrug as he stands there, feeling just as awkward as Castiel. “I’m Sam by the way,” he stretches a hand out, a gentle smile on his face, though he can tell that he’s suspicious about something. “I’m assuming then, that you’re Castiel? The same one that we spent years with, but can’t remember a single day?”
Dean sighed heavily and put his head down on his desk when he heard the loud scream, glass breaking, and a body thudding as it made contact with the hardwood floors. "Damn it all, Cas," he muttered, running a hand through his hair and wondering what on Earth he was going to do with him. The fallen angel was clumsy, as clumsy as he had said he would be when Dean had been sent to the future. So far, since he'd given him a job at
"Could you do me a favor?" He watched her roll her eyes as she put her dark hair up in a bun, and quickly rushed to finish his request before she could say something snarky to him. "Listen, you're the best waitress here and well... Castiel, he's not."
and what he thinks of what Dean has told him about their shared past. He thinks about each the answer to each question carefully, sometimes tilting his head and squinting his eyes a bit as he concentrates, and other times he answers relatively quickly; though in each case, Dean and Sam can tell that each word is chosen carefully, as if he is walking across a frozen lake and afraid that one wrong move will send him right through the ice into the cold water below.
Three months ago,
Dean tried to say something, tried to speak, but all he could do was gasp like a fish out of water.
In those three short months, Dean's restaurant had become one of the top restaurants to visit in his town. And he couldn't be happier. He would put on a smile and laugh at people's jokes, and engage in friendly conversation, but there was always that undercurrent of despair and sadness. Yes, he was happy that
"Ah, I mean, yeah. I do. It's Winchester." He swallowed the lump in his throat and started in on his own burger, doing his best not to think too much about all the things he wanted to ask, and all the things he wanted to say.
“Sammy! You made it!”
"Beautiful, right?" Castiel jerked, glad that his reflexes were quick enough to keep him from spilling his coffee everywhere; he would feel bad if he got the floor dirty, especially since it was so clean. He flushed slightly as he glanced at Dean, who smiled softly at him before setting his own coffee cup back on the counter and straightened up, lifting his arms above his head and groaning slightly as he stretched.
"That's a wonderful idea." Of course he sees it. How could he not? He knows his brother too well to not see it, but he doesn't comment on it. Instead, he claps him on the shoulder and starts towards the door. "So, do I get a discount if I come and visit every once in a while?" Dean just laughs and continues to rattle off his ideas. So what if Dean is holding onto the memory of someone that he loved and lost? Since when has either of them had room to talk in that department?
, he'd had to replace two windows, a couple chairs and tables, and countless plates.
"Um, yeah. Of course. What?"
"We're closed!" He called, not even bothering to look up. There was another knock, this one a little louder and a little more insistent. "I said we're closed!" But they were insistent, and knocked again, louder this time. Muttering curses, Dean closed the register drawer and stalked to the door, quickly unlocking it and throwing it open. "I said we're fucking closed! Now what do you wan-" His words trailed off and he stared in shock at the person in front of him, almost refusing to believe what he was seeing.
was just a concept in Dean's head and a decrepit building that he was able to purchase at a remarkably cheap price. And now, all these months later, it was a bustling, thriving business. The walls and floors were all brand new, with no layer of dust on them. New chairs and tables filled the dining area to the brim, with waitresses and waiters weaving in between them and taking orders. And Dean? Dean ran about the kitchen, showing new hands where everything was and helping to make orders.
"Go on! Get out of here before the rain gets much worse!" He said, waving away their meager arguments about staying and helping him. "I'll be fine! Believe me, I've seen much worse storms." Was his reply when they tried to tell him that it wasn't right of them to leave him by himself on such a stormy night. They were skeptical, and tried one last time to get him to accept their offers of help. "Nah, go on! Go home where you're warm and safe, out of the rain and the storm. I'll be fine, really." They were reluctant, but they finally agreed. Grumbling, they all shrugged into their coats and ran through the rain to their cars, hoping that he didn't realize how eager they all were to be getting home.
was doing well, yes, he was happy that Sam was a man of letters and taking night classes at law school, but he still felt like there was always something -someone- missing.
"Dean," a voice called from the doorway of his office, "That new guy Castiel fucked up again, and the lady he just spilt soup on his demanding to speak to you. " A frustrated groan and Dean hitting his head against his desk a few times is the only response that they receive. "I understand that he needed a job and all, but maybe you should have taught him how to walk correctly before you put him on the floor. Not to sound like I'm trying to tell you what to do of course, but that sounds like a pretty grand idea."
Finally able to read his book in peace, Sam starts to open it but stops when he hears two loud gasps. Jumping up, he starts to reach for the guns and knives he no longer carries when he notices Dean and Castiel, standing no more than two feet from each other. Castiel has a hand covering his mouth, and both look very surprised, if not a bit embarrassed.
"Dean." He threw his reply over his shoulder, glancing back once as he cooked, noting how Castiel's eyes quickly shifted to something else in the room, trying to act like he hadn't just been studying every move that he made. "So Cas, you got a last name?" He asked, a crooked smile gracing his face as he set a tray with two cups of coffee and two burgers down on the counter. Giving him a once over, and figuring that he really didn't have money to pay for the meal, he added, "And don't worry about paying. This one's on the house."
He rolled it all around in his head as he apologized profusely to the woman, and promised her that this meal and the next one would be free. Of course, the woman said that she wouldn't be happy until she knew that Castiel was going to be punished. He sighed, exasperated, but told her that he would be suspended from work for two weeks. And as he said that, he had an idea.
