“You don’t date men.”
They haven’t even a scintilla of possibility in becoming reality, and only serve to make the heat even more intolerable, Sherlock’s cock treacherously half-hard in his constricting pants.
And here and here and also there.
--Sherlock’s mouth floods with saliva and his lips slide over John with slickened ease. When he pulls off with a wet pop, stringy saliva tethers to John’s cock from his mouth, and he swallows it back up, pressing a kiss to the head before tonguing the side, then underside of John’s shaft, tracing a bulging vein with the tip of his tongue on the way up, all while fondling John’s bollocks between his index finger and thumb.
“It’s been a long road. Yes.”
There was no furniture to speak of, only boxes with various indecipherable markings upon them. The sight of the near-naked sitting room, a place wherein I spent my halcyon years beside the man with whom I was in love, caused the back of my eyes to prick with tears.
After all business was tended to in London, I left for Holmes's villa—my villa—
air, like it's the only thing keeping him alive, depressing John deep into the spongy sand with his not insignificant weight, and John wants Sherlock to crush him into the earth with the force of his kiss. The tail-end of a wave washes over John's legs, and John could be dragged out to sea and be none the wiser because Sherlock is kissing him like
Sherlock glides to the kitchen.
Mummy laughs. “I suppose if he were to listen to anyone, it’d be you, John. My opinion never seems to matter. But who am I? Just his
,” John growls, then pounces.
And when he leans over Sherlock, he blocks the sun; becomes the sun.
Once John closes the door to the bedroom, he drops the duffel bag onto the floor and scrubs a hand down his face. “Your parents are--they’re lovely, of course, but also...a lot.”
“And what? Be more like you?” Sherlock snipes. “I pity the women unlucky enough to have you foisted upon them. How none of them have died of boredom mid-coitus is beyond me.”
why you tolerate me.”
“I was right! You are a greedy bastard!” Janine lobs at the door before stormily click-clacking away.
“Fucking hell,” John says, a bit giddy, “that actually worked. That bloke's a
“Christ, Sherlock,” John says in a hissed aside. “C’mere, darling. The flowers will be okay, c’mere.”
. Except with Irene. Maybe? Still a bit murky. Don’t you text her?”
John whimpers in relief, and his breath comes out in punchy, misty clouds as Sherlock strokes him with one hand and clumsily pushes down John’s jeans and pants with his other, just enough to spring John’s cock free. Sherlock has to squint down between them in the semi-darkness as he strokes, frustrated that he can barely see it, but it feels wonderfully thick in his hand and he desperately wants it in his mouth--or inside him.
I rose from bed and padded into the sitting room to find Holmes draped over the settee, eyes closed, churchwarden pipe hanging precariously from his mouth, a miasma of smoke in cloud above his head. It was a pose I had seen him assume so many times at our old lodgings that the image appeared frozen in time and reinforced that Holmes was not only my past but my present.
“Just to clarify, we’re not talking about the murder postcard, are we.”
He makes a hasty knot of the dressing gown belt, throws open his door, and sweeps into the hallway just as John’s stomping out of the bathroom.
Sherlock watches, his patience growing thin. “I’m sorry, is this your idea of talking?”
The resulting photo puts her uncompromising excitement in stark relief to Sherlock’s scowl, but she doesn’t seem to care. “Thanks so much! It just must be so lovely being colleagues, you and Dr Watson.”
Sherlock turns sharply and sweeps into the sitting room.
“Ugh,” Mary says, slamming down the empty glass, nose scrunched in disgust.
I’ve been stupid.”
about.”
“It wasn’t
"A look?" Sherlock says, watching a waiter weave through tables with a trayful of fruit-flavoured soju bottles. "What look?"
Dad looks chastened, and Mummy shakes her head, disappointed.
I turned to find Holmes leaning against the closed door, still smiling, but it now took on an amused air.
get the swap?”
the one who acted like an inconsiderate tit."
“Dr Watson!” someone calls out.
There are so many things Sherlock wants to say to John, in this moment, to express how lucky
“Okay.”
Sherlock chokes a bit on his saliva. “Dear
But even with this sound logic, Sherlock feels it is imperative to correct the woman, because John would probably go out of his way to do the same. Rosie is decidedly not Sherlock’s. Not by any stretch of the imagination. Sherlock is not suited to be
“And ashes from a fire were meant to be swept away before--”
Sherlock’s lips, lovely and inviting enough without any ornamentation, are outlined and plumpened by a dark pink, his pale skin stark against its deep vibrancy of colour.
,” Sherlock admits.
“Thanks for manning her, Greg," John says.
The bathroom door flies open and out steps Sherlock, coiffed and dressed. Or as dressed as one can be for a day at the beach.
When she’s gone, John rounds on Sherlock. “What’s your problem?”
John catches his bottom lip between his teeth as if to tamp down a deepening smile. “So about the other reasons. Have you also kept me around because you wanted to snog me?”
, of course.”
“Speak for yourself. Some of us want to know,” John says with a wicked grin.
,” Sherlock whinges.
“Sir," says the woman. "I was just having the loveliest of chats with your two special ones, here.”
“Yes,” John says, drawing himself up and sniffing. “Of course. I couldn’t agree more.”
I opened my mouth to apologise for whatever it was I’d done wrong, but Holmes spoke first, in a monotone. “Once we venture down this path, I will not, under any circumstances, be able to return to a platonic state of affairs. You must be certain that you wish to expand the frontier of our relationship in this manner.”
John opens, then closes his mouth.
longer to do it all.”
John makes a run for it.
“But it’s my
“What do you say we get a hotel and stay here for a couple more days? See the sights.”
“Good?”
Sherlock awakes, immediately aware of the unmoving presence behind him.
“It was a favourite of Mémé’s. I’d memorised it for her when I was small.”
John is taken aback by Greg’s protectiveness, but he supposes alcohol makes people do funny things.
John huffs out a laugh (good?), runs a hand up Sherlock’s arm to rest on his shoulder, fingertips ghosting along Sherlock’s neck. “You don’t need to be so formal about it,” he says as he leans across the gearshift, angling his head.
Sherlock opens the door and halts in a half-step, throwing out an arm to bar John from proceeding.
“That’s--good. I mean, it’s good that you. Feel that way. I don’t mean the torture bit. I mean, feel the same way as me, in a way. It’s all very....”
Has always attracted him.
The evidence had been there.
Vacillating for a moment, John decides to slide into the booth on Sherlock’s side, reaching out to pull his pint in from the edge of the table. Foam sloshes over the side of his glass and John laps it up, Sherlock’s eyes drawn to the pink tip of his tongue--and then the stretch of his neck as he takes a generous pull of the beer.
He hadn’t allowed himself to look at John too closely since the Heath; he hadn't wanted to remember the feeling of John’s soft, strawberry jam-hinted lips too vividly; to recall his smell--sweet with fragrant sweat and sun cream.
John swallows. There’s no use lying to Sherlock Holmes.
“The club, to be precise, is in on it. They would want to make sure their most valuable customer remains in one piece; they were watching her and, in turn, you. She’s been using the pilfered credit cards to buy a staggering amount of alcohol by the bottle from the club.
, but I rather think it was to give a show to the handsome young man who did our gutters. Do you remember how red you got up there, darling? Like a lobster! Your lovely skin couldn’t handle it.”
“I am unacquainted with the rules of this
John bristles. “He didn’t tell me.”
. “Christ’s sake. This is very us.”
When all is said and done, Mary is angry.
“And here I thought you were in retirement, detective,” I teased, though Holmes was not won over by my charms completely, and had a weather eye on me. I trudged on manfully. “Let us continue; the sea can only hold my interest for so long.”
“I didn’t say nothing.”
Sherlock smirks. “I’d prefer to be addressed as
“Death is also boring, so let’s avoid that, shall we? No car accidents tonight.”
Sherlock desperately wants to kiss him.
Mary snorts and presses a kiss to the corner of John’s quirked lips.
sleep with men in the army.”
Sherlock frowns.
Sherlock grabs John's hand and tugs, reminds him that they
Not many things in this earthly hellscape can do it.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, smiling a little; wistful. "I would say she taught me quite a lot."
Sherlock is back to imagining greener pastures, such as his flesh sloughing off bone in that acid bath.
Sherlock loves him.
John sits beside him, as silent as a stone, but when Sherlock finally sips in a breath to speak, John preempts him: “Just leave it. Let your mum have this.”
Lestrade stumbles over himself to unlock and open the door.
“Bit of a landmark then, this place. Helped make you...you.”
. The perfect destination for a grand declaration. Which John intends to give. Soon.
“Mmmm,” he says.
John shakes off the memories, the bitter thoughts, and looks over at the dancefloor.
“Don’t you lie to me. You two haven’t said a word to each other since cake.”
I was surprised to find Holmes had kept the bottle of Glenkinchie I had given to him in celebration of the conclusion of a minor case some years after we had first met. He had tried the whisky then and liked it well enough, but had not taken a sip of it since that convivial evening. He was glad to offer it to me as we sat by the fire in his Sussex home, and I was happy to accept.
“Why, of course I will! How could you doubt it?” I said, offended by Holmes’s dour tone.
like ballroom dancing.”
With no small amount of fear, Sherlock wonders if something all too revealing had slipped through a fracture in his stony mask.
“Mm, good idea, yeah. Go on. I’ll wait. Maybe one of my mates on the squad’ll take the call, hm?”
“Ah, no,” he said immediately in a brusque tone, indicating to me that there was certainly something amiss. Holmes filled the kettle with water, hung it in the fireplace then sat delicately in the armchair across from me, staring at the crackling fire.
It’s fiery and intense, as it usually is, but there’s another layer there, one that makes John feel as if he is the only thing that matters, that exists. It’s the kind of look that makes John want to run headlong into a burning building and let it consume him. It’s both too much and not enough, it’s a push-and-pull that has John vibrating with frustration, so he has to look away, to the floor, but there's no escaping Sherlock's magnetism as movement in John's periphery catches his attention, causes him to drag his eyes across the floor toward Sherlock, to trace up his body. Sherlock is still squarely in his own kinesphere, behind an invisible line they aren’t meant to cross, and has his back to John, body moving like a metronome. John can’t do anything else but stare at Sherlock’s arse, pert in his tight trousers, and his mind fires off in multiple directions, picturing Sherlock beneath him, above him, in various permutations that all involve a bed (or a surface, John’s not picky) and not a shred of clothing.
“Besides,” Sherlock says, lip curling, “I’m sure this’ll be a masterclass.”
“But seeing you now, like this--well, it’s lifted my spirits.”
More pertinently, how could he possibly leave me?
Sherlock nods. Because any pain is negligible, at the moment.
“Behave, boys,” John says and Sherlock watches (not disinterestedly) as John upends his mug of whiskey-tea over his stuck-out tongue to catch the last few drops.
“Plane!” Rosie crows, flailing her arms.
A desire that is, unfathomably, reciprocated.
very happy,” John cuts in loudly. He gives Sherlock a resounding slap on the back, jerking Sherlock forward. “In fact, we couldn’t be happier, did I already say that? The two of us. Sherlock and I, that is. Because we’re together--in a relationship--as you so astutely noticed before we could break the news. So. Yes.
didn’t know. I
John deflates, looks away. “It was in the moment, it was stupid, and I looked like a knob doing it."
Sherlock frowns at the lot of them. “I want to dance.”
John rocks back on his heel and gives an almighty shove, sending Sherlock to the ground.
And maybe Sherlock is the
“You may not think yourself the marrying type, Holmes, but I think you would make a wonderful life mate,” I said, although Holmes had not asked for my opinion on the matter. “Your genius and sense of justice, your selfless concern for others: only the luckiest of persons would be tethered to you.”
I took his hand and gently kissed the back of it. “It is very much so.”
. "Rest assured, my sensibilities would have remained intact."
” John is saying at a booming volume, causing Mrs Hudson to slap a dramatic hand to her chest, so John dials it down, continues more soberly, “Sorry. I’m--sorry. Thank you. Again. For watching Rosie last minute. I can stop by in the morning to pick her up?”
Sherlock would rather die the most painful of deaths than talk to his mother and Mycroft about this.
Wishing you all a happy, healthy (emphasis on the healthy) summer (or winter, if you’re in the Southern Hemisphere) and a Happy Pride Month (for those of us here in the States)! And thanks very much for reading. I've been so heartened to find that people are enjoying what I'm putting out there these days.
After some time, John, miraculously, speaks in a full sentence: “I can’t believe the gall of that bastard.”
John shakes his head. “We should take it slow.”
“Good lord,” Sherlock says, wrestling himself into his dressing gown. “
Annoyed, he swipes at his cheek with the heel of his palm, and when he drops his arm, John’s hand slides from Sherlock’s shoulder down to his forearm, hesitates, then slides down further to interlace their gloved fingers.
“I don’t know what you’re thinking,” John says, trying not to let any inkling of anger slip through even as it strafes through him. “I don’t know why--what you think it meant. But last week—last week, when I saw him, wires got crossed and—“
And the mother of his child.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, feeling blindly on the counter until his pinky comes into contact with the opener. “She taught me how to play.”
Mrs Hudson had taught her how to
“I am not a performing monkey.”
“Oh, yes, please, John!” Mummy says enthusiastically, never one to say no to a tipple, especially one with whiskey.
I could not help but think that Fate had a cruel way of bringing me back to Holmes. Somehow, I had ended up where I was when my life started anew, that is, when I met Holmes. I have loved and lost love one too many times in my life and I knew then, at that moment, that Holmes would end that terrible streak of misfortune. Holmes was, indisputably, my past, my present, and my future—and I knew that I would not lose him for a very long time.
staying.”
“It’s fine, Vi,” Dad says in the tone of a proud man defending his autonomy.
10 April 1919 - 13 September 2001
Bursting with lightness and brightness from within, Sherlock kisses him.
Sherlock hums contentedly and gives John a peck on the lips. And another. And one more, while John’s smiling.
“A pensioner with appalling fashion taste whose sole companion is a dog that might as well be the ghost of a Victorian woman? How very specific.”
feel that way with you, even if I haven’t always acted like I do." Sherlock’s heart soars. "Even if I’ve hurt you." Sherlock does not miss the hitch of John's voice. "I’m sorry. You know I’m sorry about that. I hope you know that.”
“Finger me,” Sherlock says in a husky tone.
Sherlock bursts out laughing until he’s wheezing, John joining in with high-pitched giggles.
From the corner of his eye, Sherlock watches Molly throw back a generous amount of her drink, survey the room, and clear her throat. A mawkish toast is imminent. Sherlock girds his loins.
. Not Starr.
Sherlock looks back at Molly, her eyes glossy with maudlin sentiment.
At the end of the song, everyone disperses to help themselves to cake and Sherlock packs up the violin. When he turns around, he finds the room empty except for Rosie and John, seated on the sofa, Rosie fully engrossed in her piece of cake.
“You like me looking at you.”
John’s eyes have drifted downwards to Sherlock’s lips, and he’s barely finished saying, “Kiss me, then” when Sherlock surges forward.
I was immensely moved by his speech, and felt an overpowering urge to be closer to him. I inched close enough until our knees were touching and took Holmes’s hand and held it in mine.
“Sherlock,” John says, low, thick with rebuke, “we need to talk.” He shoves a wad of wool--Sherlock’s greatcoat--into Sherlock’s chest.
“Mummy,” Sherlock says between his teeth, his cheeks hot, “You of all people--”
easier." A quirk at the corner of his lips. "Not a brag, that. It’s just what it is. And since the world only sees who I date, it was easy to stay closeted." John holds up the whiskey tumbler, squints into the glass, perhaps hoping for drink to materalise there. “I know I fought hard for people to think I wasn't...." He swallows. "What I was. Am. But I've actually only just started thinking I should just--stop. Life could be--better. Richer. I was going to tell you, eventually; should’ve told you, before.”
“Well, of course! Though, to be fair, we’re all fascinated by your work, so we’ve a lot of questions. The new one, the ‘Bermondsey Bijoux’ case? I couldn’t believe how you managed to--”
We looked at each other for a beat, in mutual disbelief.
“No, thank
“Not really?”
Rating: E
“No.”
“Well! What do you say, Violet?”
John dramatically clears his throat. “I see most of us are done; I’ll do the washing up.” He pushes back in his chair with a grating scrape and stands up, begins to collect empty plates.
“To good mates,” Greg says, raising his shot glass.
“Unimportant.”
blindspot. Because of sentiment. Because of protective mechanisms he’d bolted in place twenty years ago.
It’s a gentle, shallow kiss. Measured and savouring. It should be frustrating; Sherlock has never really been keen on
Mary doesn’t speak to him for the next few days, though she leaves pithy notes if communication is crucial. John’s back becomes sore from multiple sleepless nights on their crap sofa. On Sunday, John makes an attempt to talk to her, but she tells him that she isn’t ready. He doesn’t bother trying again.
“‘Course he was. So this was your room.”
“Why anyone bothers to leave London is beyond me,” Sherlock murmurs. “Everywhere else is so pedestrian.”
“Problem?” John snaps.
They hadn’t spoken of it, having been too distracted by the case.
Mrs Hudson waves a hand in the air. “You two. You’re….” she chokes off, pressing her fingertips to her lips, her eyes welling with tears.
Rating: E
Holmes’s lips twitched, then one corner quirked upwards. He looked at me playfully from the corner of his eye. “Now, Watson, Mrs Hudson is hardly a handsome, dark-haired man. You do her a disservice.”
He moved that exploratory hand sideways, sprawled flat against my chest like a great white spider, then down along my waist until it rested on my hip.
John gives Sherlock a chummy slap on the arm, squeezes his bicep. His smile is brilliant, and he lets out a little disbelieving laugh.
, but isn’t that rather the point? To be fast?”
Sherlock has done and will continue to do whatever it takes to make John’s life the best it can be, because John deserves nothing but the best. John saying that Sherlock had changed his life for the better--it’s validating. If Sherlock were to never see John again after today, he could at least find solace in the fact that he’d somehow managed to pull off granting John a modicum of peace.
“I get we’re all brilliant here,” John says, “and that I can’t do a damn thing without you knowing about it, but have we really not yet got a handle on the whole ‘keep someone’s privacy private’ thing?”
Perhaps
Holmes and London--Holmes and 221b--were like warp and weft, so intertwined. How could he possibly leave?
Sherlock watches the exchange with deep satisfaction.
,” Sherlock reproves.
“Aren’t you going to put on sun cream?” John asks.
John chuffs a laugh out of his nose, and they all cheers and down the shots.
Mémé had known, somehow, that Sherlock had fallen in love with the cottage and everything it had represented. She’d known without him having said a word. A remarkable woman. His heart aches for her loss; for
“Yes, all right, I think we’ve heard enough,” Sherlock bites out. (It’s not Sherlock’s fault that summers spent in Yorkshire were so dull. Nor was he to blame for the gutter man’s fetching appearance [tan, compact, amply muscled, glorious].)
“Do you
These feelings for Sherlock, they’ve got to
It’s then that John remembers.
Sherlock shrugs, turning around and leaning against the counter, cradling his teacup in hand and watching John (and keeping his eyes
“Don’t
When John finishes his circuit, his eyes drop to the hypnotic waves Sherlock’s making with his hips, tilted at counterpoint to his torso.
Sherlock lowers his eyes to the ground and says nothing. He lets John make his deductions, because he is exhausted.
John sucks air between his teeth. “It’s unavoidable, I’m afraid. They say you need to kiss a tonne of frogs before you find your prince.”
“As astoundingly unobservant as ever; I can’t but appreciate your commitment to consistency, Lestrade,” he says brashly, sounding more like himself. “Now, tell me about the case. And don’t be boring.”
It starts off as shallow kisses, then becomes headier, Sherlock sucking on John’s upper lip and insinuating his tongue into his mouth, causing John to make gorgeous, strangled noises. John pushes the length of his body against him, his torso solid and strong, and Sherlock traces the contours of his body--runs his hands down from John’s shoulders to his biceps, his waist, hips, arse, and back up, wrapping his arms around John’s neck. John’s hand skates over the crescent of Sherlock's waist and rests on a jutting hip bone, but only briefly, his hand finding its way into Sherlock’s pants and pulling out Sherlock’s cock.
Because John is, quite obviously, also avoiding him.
At the impact, they tumble back onto the sand, Sherlock landing heavily atop John. John wraps arms around Sherlock and holds him, secure.
John sniffs, gives a curt nod. “We’ll talk later.”
Mrs Hudson’s silence is heavy with suspicion, as is her tone when she says, “Where’s Sherlock?”
“It was meant to send a message--”
“I have simply been observing your interactions with Molly for
“I’m going to
John’s hand moves up Sherlock’s calf to his thigh, then back down again, beginning a steady caress.
Sherlock is astounded by Lestrade’s deductive brass.
He won’t look at John.
“There’s not one Holmes who isn’t up to their ears in talent, is there?”
“As always, John, you aren’t thinking ahead. Do you expect us to pretend to be,” he nearly chokes on the word, “
And so John manfully follows Greg back into the humid, loud pub, and tries to enjoy the rest of the night. For Greg’s sake.
John tries on a smile. “Hello, Danny.”
“What was that last bit about, then?” John asks pleasantly enough. “And since when do you speak Korean?”
Sherlock basks in John’s solidity and his subtle, homey scent. He doesn’t feel the cold, not with John in his arms.
“Swimmingly. It means ‘very well.’”
Come morning, at this rate, with the amount of alcohol John’s plied himself with, maybe the night will be nothing but a faint memory.
Rosie starts to laugh a strident, ebullient laugh.
John looks back at him dead-on, his eyes telegraphing a message:
And he’s still holding John’s card; it’d softened with his sweat and bent with his grip. Best say something about that. "Thank you.”
“You may certainly not,” he snapped.
Mrs Hudson is beaming. “Finally got your heads out of your arses!”
should be making their escape, and they hot-foot it out of the club.
, and shoves them into his pocket. “When I get back, we’ll talk. “
“I prefer the real thing.”
She just flashes Sherlock a strained smile, then skirts around him and reclaims her seat.
It’s a sweltering Saturday in July, so nearly every family in existence have decided to while away the dog-day hours in the cool indoors of the Science Museum.
texts from Molly and Greg.”
. I was in the army, in case you forgot.”
necessary?”
“Thank you,” Sherlock says without second thought. "For telling me."
"Ah, yes." Holmes held out a hand, began ticking off his fingers. My eyes were drawn to his long, elegant appendages immediately. "The military."
many times in my life,” Sherlock says, “but I’d rather not--just this once.”
I whipped around to gape at my friend.
But Starr had slipped on her last victim. The man had remembered the night--albeit in snippets, but enough to get a good idea of the full picture. He’d got to talking with a mate who’d had something similar happen to him just a week prior; the mate had, at first, explained the night away, chalking it up to overdrinking and a night well spent with (what he’d assumed was) a beautiful woman. A worthwhile expense, in his eyes.
“How’d no one see him?” Molly asks.
John sighs. “Yeah.”
establishment when I was 16. It allowed me to hone my skills; there was quite the treasure trove of people to observe. And since gossip is ubiquitous, I was able to confirm my observations with ease.”
(See the end of the chapter for
After a few final pleasantries are exchanged, Hee-Eun begs off, and Sherlock sets to digging into the dregs of his kimchi-jjigae, hoping John will leave him to it.
I was startled by his sudden woeful passion. He promptly flung himself onto the settee and sprawled out like a great cat, head turned away from me.
,” Sherlock whinges.
and simply
. And you’ve never once--I’ve never seen you interested in things like
of encouragement. Time passes in a syrupy lassitude during John’s ministrations, and, at some far off point, Sherlock feels an ever-so-slight burning stretch as John’s cockhead nudges past Sherlock’s tight ring of muscle, Sherlock’s body acclimatizing quickly to the intrusion.
“Thought about...?”
He comes round the table to clap Sherlock on the shoulder.
After the violin’s packed away, Sherlock heads to the kitchen and makes a fresh batch of tea. He lets the soft conversation from the sitting room fill his head with a soothing buzz, melts as the whiskey he’d had sporadically throughout the day sings sweetly in his veins, and places his face close to the steam coming up from the kettle as the water roils. He feels...cosy. It’s not a typical feeling, at least not these days. He often spends too much time alone in this flat buried in the chaos of his ceaselessly moving mind. It’s a much welcomed departure from the norm.
Sherlock teaching John how to waltz for John’s wedding had been one of the more daunting encounters of John’s life, and John had been in the crossfire of war and had faced off with serial killers. John had dreaded the day for weeks, and he hadn’t really been sure why, at the time. The
“Just a water,” Sherlock says, a touch hoarse. His throat’s gone dry.
John’s protests fall on deaf ears, and he’s effectively manhandled onto the dancefloor by Mary, Greg on his heels.
“Would you like to meet Danny?” Hafiz says.
John grins. “Well, now, hang on--maybe then I’d at least solve the great mystery of his missing head.”
.” Sherlock doesn’t acknowledge John’s “that’s bloody rich!” from the kitchen. “Besides, there’s work to be done.”
John follows Mummy out of the bedroom, but Sherlock doesn’t move.
John gives him an equally playful smile, taking his gift and stepping back. “Of course.”
“Yes,” Holmes said, his voice a ragged whisper.
John jumps up in his seat. “
Sherlock guzzles down cake in record time (whilst everyone looks on in disgust). It is the first tactic in his grand Avoid John scheme.
“Speaks volumes that it hasn’t gone to Mémé’s
“I think I’ll call it a night too,” Mrs Hudson announces and everyone bids her goodnight. She gives John a tight embrace and a smacking kiss on the cheek.
John snaps his eyes to Sherlock’s (accusatory) ones. “Hm?”
“Of course, yes. I’d love that.”
John swivels his head around. “Now what?”
“Sure is,” is John’s sardonic reply. When Sherlock looks up, John’s concerned face floods his view. He reaches out for Sherlock’s battered forehead. “You all right?”
Sherlock's collapsed onto his arse, and is cradling his throbbing head in hand and cursing under his breath.
“Sherlock,” I said, voice gritty with need. The wait to kiss him had reached its breaking point. “Might I--”
She raises Rosie off her lap and passes her over to Mrs Hudson so she can freely accept the drink. Rosie lets out a squeal of indignant protest at being womanhandled, but quickly restores an alliance with Mrs Hudson when Mrs Hudson boops her nose.
“I honestly can’t imagine there’s anything you couldn’t excel at.”
I had often been enraptured by Holmes’s hands, adroit, spidery, beautiful things that produced the finest (and sometimes, when Holmes was in a black mood, the most egregious) music I had ever known. These were hands that had rifled meticulously and endlessly through clues, pored through informative monographs on complex topics, that lovingly stifled the blood that trickled from a knife wound upon my person, had pressed a cool cloth to my forehead when I was ill.
Mummy levels Mycroft with a dastardly look. “It’s Sherlock’s birthday. He is not lifting a finger today.”
“Do tell me more about these superstitions,” Holmes said, seemingly blithely unaware of the effect he was having on me. “They’re very amusing.”
A beat of silence.
Sherlock realises it for what it is.
Sherlock leans over, and John’s body tenses as Sherlock says in his ear, “Mummy thinks we’re rowing.”
Rosie’s face untwists at John’s reassurance, but she’s riveted to her spot lest she cause even an iota more of damage by walking off the flower bed.
As much as he’d like to, Sherlock really can't argue with that.
a hardship, because Starr looks like a relic of John's youth, like she'd stepped out of the '90s, kitted out in low-cut halter top and short-shorts with a glimpse of g-string. And, more distractingly, she is dancing up on John in very,
John carefully begins to move his hips, nudging directly at Sherlock’s prostate; Sherlock’s mouth drops open and his eyes flicker closed. “That feels--” he breaks off, lets out a moan instead.
Janine scoffs. “Excuse me? Now I’m
On the train ride home, Sherlock sits slumped against the window, frowning aggressively at sprawling fields of nothingness and uninspired suburban dwellings.
“Daddy,” Rosie says in a wibbly voice, straining out of Greg’s arms with grabby-hands.
“Sherlock,” John says through his teeth.
Thank you for reading this mishmash of things! This may become a series—I may do a companion collection of fresh tropes from Sherlock’s POV. Stay tuned!
It’s still strange and wondrous that he’s allowed to do this.
“Because you’re you. But I’m me. Clearly you’re interested in men in some permutation of non-heterosexuality. The real enigma is how
“Didn’t stop me from thinking about it.”
They remain that way for some time, car horns and idle distant chatter of pedestrians filtering in through the open window. The standing fan hums, rustling Sherlock’s hair, drying the patina of perspiration from his skin.
Lunch involves Sherlock’s favourite: Mummy’s signature cottage pie, a staple meal of his childhood.
“Good god,” I said in awe as I became fully sheathed within Holmes. I marveled at our union, him stretched around me, the long expanse of his lithe body above me.
Nearly a year into my new living arrangement, Holmes had lost significant mobility in his hands and fell into general malaise and fatigue most mornings. The RA was triumphing.
Afterwards, we remained still for a few moments, our foreheads together, our chests rising and falling in tandem. He climbed off me to retrieve wet cloths to clean our soiled selves.
“That’s your cue to do something about it, genius,” John says.
“Oi! Tiny man!"
After much quarreling perhaps not uninfluenced by drink, I conceded to Holmes’s insistence that I sleep in his bed while he retired on the settee. But I could not sleep, whisky singing in my veins.
supping up the view in front of him. John wants to take Sherlock by his waist and bring them flush together, wants to feel angles and hard length, wants to run his hands over his broad chest, wants to bury his face in Sherlock's crevices, lick saltiness off skin, breathe in nothing but his heady scent. Sherlock notices John's renewed efforts, maybe even reads John's thoughts, and turns so that they are face to face again, his eyes latching onto John’s groin. The old trousers that John’s wearing are one size too tight these days, and they’ve clearly exposed his desire. But John finds that he very much doesn’t mind.
“And...so are you?”
, his shoulder and leg meeting Sherlock’s.
“Beheading or garroting?” Sherlock wants to know.
“If your Dad didn’t feel motivated to murder me before,” John murmurs as he rubs at a stain on the seat with paper towel, “I think I’ve just given him good enough fodder.”
The waves are more than a little distracting, erasing his train of thought, so he goes with the flow, quite literally, jumping in time with the cresting waves, feeling boyish. He lets himself be pulled out into deeper waters until his toes are barely touching the seafloor, then arcs into the water, entering a realm of ethereal quiet. He tries to stay there for as long as his lungs can stand it.
John does it again. And again.
"The basics?" John says in an accusing tone. "You had a full-blown conversation with her."
“We haven’t discussed our plans for the charade this weekend. And we all know you can’t act to save your life.”
It won’t be possible for Sherlock to ever fit so cosily in someone else’s arms. It is a certainty that he will never be so secure and serene anywhere but here.
Sherlock will not look a gift horse in the mouth.
“Yes. You don’t sound particularly surprised.”
John pinches the bridge of his nose. “It’s--a metaphor, and we’re going to ignore everything I’ve just said because we shouldn’t be talking about this, you’re
Sherlock sits back against the seat, awash with tranquility, and hands John the paper towels.
“Hi,” Molly says wearily, taking the spot Janine had vacated.
Lestrade decides he can’t bear the anticipation and lumbers over to get a look. He reels back and gives a low whistle, then leans back over Sherlock’s shoulder and squints at the postcard. “
“Said I!” I boomed, causing Holmes to flinch and grasp my hand tight. “Do I count for nothing?”
“More pancake,” Rosie demands.
Beloved life partner,
The door flies open, slamming against the wall. Sherlock looks frantic. “Are you all right?”
No one speaks.
for more. John is plagued by romanticism, always has been, and had thought that this holiday would be
He looks down at John’s hand on his thigh and feathers a finger over John’s knuckles, back and forth.
John frowns. “Why?”
He tells him of dark corners and skulking, of perfecting the art of invisibility. The thrill of disappearing into a crowd, becoming a nonentity, the proverbial fly on the wall. The transformation from man to homing device. How he’d learned to write someone’s story with just a look.
, John thinks for the umpteenth time tonight,
Mrs Hudson flicks her eyes from John, to John’s towel, then to Sherlock before her lips stretch into a smug, knowing smile. “Is that what they’re calling it these days?”
“Lovely, Sherlock. Just lovely,” Mrs Hudson says, a twinkle of a tear in her eye.
Sherlock doesn’t need to be told twice, striding up the stairs at mach speed.
“No. Explain.”
closely, as any scientist would. Though, maybe, just
John hopes he doesn’t look too much like he’s just been having a cry, because that’d be fucking embarrassing.
“Thank you, Sherlock. Really. Thank you.”
A hand presses into his lower back, causing him to stiffen.
tell you that I am similarly inclined. Though, only monosexually. That is, strictly men.”
John begins to rub circles with his thumb into the back of Sherlock’s hand.
“Yes,
Holmes and I spent our eighth and most memorable Hogmanay together in that dismal and whirlwind year, 1888. I remember the day vividly, even after all these years: the uncharacteristic quiet of London, repellent to revellers because of a biting and bitter cold, the delicious burn of whiskey down my throat, the licking warmth of the fireplace and, what remains most colourful in my mind’s eye, a young and wiry Holmes.
In the rocking chair sits Mycroft, dressed to the nines, hands folded primly over a laptop shut closed on his thighs.
“She was adamant that I apologise to you for whatever it is I’ve done.”
“Interesting,” Sherlock says. “Am I furniture, now?”
“You must know how beautiful you are.”
“I will. And sorry about before,” John says distractedly. “Thanks for coming.”
Holmes sat upright immediately, regarded me with amusement. "I don't believe you ever succeeding in learning it."
“What happened to ‘all frogs are pretty?’”
John collapses against the wall to catch his breath, then looks ahead and finds Sherlock getting himself off, so he pushes himself off the wall, shoves Sherlock’s hand aside, and wraps his own hand around Sherlock’s shaft. Their eyes lock, and John watches with pride the paroxysm of pleasure light up Sherlock’s face as he comes.
had been swiftly answered when he’d placed a hand on Sherlock’s back, and Sherlock had placed a hand on John’s shoulder, other hands clasped, outstretched, palms slippery with sweat, and John could feel Sherlock’s sinewy solidity beneath his hand, could smell him, had his senses flooded blindingly with
“Shut up,” John growls, pumping Sherlock’s cock feverishly. “Clearly, I’ve never had a good idea in my life.”
“It is over and done with, Watson,” Holmes said tightly.
“There he is!”
tone. “A toast to John.”
Sherlock perks up his head and squints at John. “What are you doing?”
A thunderbolt of shock renders John catatonic.
Sitting bolt upright and marshalling his wits about him, he answers the call. “Sherlock Holmes.”
loss in not knowing her in her final years.
Sherlock looks across the room and is met with three red-faced, glassy-eyed men staring back at him with undisguised contempt. It’s impossible for them to know what’s going on underneath the table, but perhaps he and John are not being too discreet, generally.
Mycroft looks as afflicted as Sherlock feels. “This stops.
“Goodness, it’s brass monkey weather out there!” Mummy says as she bustles into the room, rubbing her hands together, Dad following after her with an armful of logs. “Myc, help your father start the fire.”
I was rendered speechless, and was growing warm due to the drink, the fire, and, without question and most of all, because of Holmes.
And he will. It’s what married couples do. They are honest with each other, and they work through their differences.
“Is that right?” Holmes said with mocking cheeriness.
“Yeah,” Rosie mumbles, face mashed into his knee.
They stare at each other for a very long time.
Immediately, John hears the sound of bare feet slap-slapping down the hall at a sprint.
“Holmes!” I cried indignantly.
) touch and taste and learn everything there is to know about the topography of John’s skin and about what he likes.
But in the moment, seeing Sherlock like that, soft, with an ecstatic Rosie on his knee, it feels right--his cockles are warmed and he is too full of love to
Sherlock nods slowly.
I was in love with Holmes. And I had been in love with him for a very long time.
“Could be better,” John says with forced brightness, and Sherlock admires the seamless shift of tone. He marches toward Sherlock, and for a wild moment Sherlock thinks he will throw a punch, but instead John’s hand snakes into his inner coat pocket and withdraws a pack of cigarettes. John raises them up for all to see, rattles them for emphasis. “I was just having a go at Sherlock for trying to sneak a fag.”
“This okay?”
He should have known Mycroft would inevitably stick his (massive) nose in it, he just hadn’t expected it so soon. He hadn’t taken the time to mask any tells, and John is practically a living, breathing X-rated film.
John kisses Sherlock fiercely, this time, pulling on Sherlock’s bottom lip with his teeth when they part. “You drive me mad.” His eyes skim wolfishly down Sherlock’s torso and up to his face. “Do you
turns out to be two gruelling hours later.
Beloved friend
“Your mother was young once,” Dad says wistfully.
“Might I remind you, within the first hour of our lesson, you stepped on my toes 15 times?”
Sherlock has to think fast to explain himself, and, luckily, thinking fast is the only way he
And then some.
“...naturally, I was curious about my own lip pattern and how accurately it could determine my sex--
,” Sherlock says breathily, sliding down the door so his hips are higher. All at once, he has no other word in his typically vast vocabulary, repeats, “
John strokes Sherlock’s hair. “You big bloody softie.”
When she’s closed the door, Sherlock says, “You knew I had cigarettes.”
His pulse drumming in his ears, Sherlock pulls his hand away, scraping against the stone. Because he cannot, in good conscience, allow John’s reputation to suffer. “You don’t want to do that.”
“What
How terribly had I miscalculated? I stepped back, ashamed, to assess the damage. Holmes's eyes were shut, expression languid, and he ran a tongue over his lips, slowly, maddeningly, tasting me, then opened his eyes.
“Yes, I see that; have we made friends?” John hands over Sherlock’s scone and nods politely at the woman. “Afternoon.”
“Speaking of Rosie,” Sherlock cuts in, peremptory.
Sherlock nods, the sensation of John filling him rendering him incapable of speech. It’s rare for Sherlock to let go like this, to become an unspeaking, unthinking thing--but the quieting of his typically overworked mind is pure bliss.
John looks up, pleased and soft. “No?”
“Uh...?”
these days.”
Janine looks gobsmacked, then chuffed. “You better not be taking the piss
He seemed oddly remote and defiant, and it hurt my heart to bear the brunt of it.
as what you're thinking, thank you. I had to convince a man I was a woman in order to ensure his arrest; had to send him suggestive photographs. All one needs are the right angles and lighting.” He drags his nails idly over the lip print on John's pectoral, admiring his work, perhaps. As he should. “I’ve not worn them often; I last tried them on three years ago. Perhaps they’ll still fit me.”
“What problem?”
John coughs into his fist, covering a laugh. “Hope I’ve still got it at that age.”
Later in the evening, Rosie is showered with gifts then put to bed in the cot they’d installed in John’s old bedroom, leaving the adults to their own devices.
“No, it’s—that was—Jesus.” John scrubs a hand over his eyes, making them more pinkened and raw. “And you’re always on about
turn of events; it’s been a balm during such a dismal time.” With a pinched expression and watery eyes, Mummy presses a finger to her lips, and everyone allows her the moment. “Forgive me,” she says, quickly recovering. “John, we welcome you most warmly to our family.”
Mycroft smiles like the cat who got the cream. “Am I not allowed to offer my felicitations?”
, and she’s rather taken to the gesture. To date, kisses have been blown in the general direction of homeless people on the Tube, a drunk businessman careening down Millennium Bridge, and pigeons. It is
“Does your dog like to be petted?” Sherlock asks the woman.
She’d been shunned by family, especially after she’d come out, but that hadn’t mattered. She had found her bliss with Flora and hadn’t needed anyone else; it’d been just her and Flora against the rest of the world. Sherlock had known his grandmother’s story well, and when he was a boy, he had wished (privately,
Holmes’s eyes glittered dancingly in the firelight. “In my experience, fair-haired men bring anything but bad luck. Quite the contrary.”
tongue.
John blinks at him, hand still poised in the air.  “Is this about earlier? I’m sorry, I’ll admit I was a bit arsey. Janine didn’t deserve that. But, in my defence, you
John lets out a sob or perhaps a laugh but who gives a toss, really, because he's kissing Sherlock again. And again, breathlessly. The kisses are unparalleled and positively heart-bursting. But they are also eloquent.
Perhaps old habits die hard. And perhaps there is an uncertainty that keeps knocking him off his feet; Sherlock is a puzzle (but he wouldn’t be anything else, would he?) and John can’t say for certain what Sherlock wants from him. He’s
John’s gone quite pale.
“Happens all the time,” John murmurs.
The backseat is a bit cramped, certainly, but all it needs is a touch of creativity, so Sherlock reaches around the driver’s seat and pulls at a lever, unlocking the seat for adjustment, folding it into the dashboard.
sample. Because: “You’re wearing lipstick.”
Sherlock swishes a hand toward the pile of burnt clothes. “Probably under there.”
She sits in a frosty silence on the cab ride home, and John leaves her to it, at a loss. Back at their flat, she doesn’t deign to speak to him, so John resigns himself to his fate and settles in on their uncomfortable vintage sofa, hunkering down for a long night.
Holmes tut-tutted. "Watson, you are handling it like an ape. It is--"
His mind has once again decided to stutter on the new information that John Watson had the option to
And, if anything, Sherlock has the perfect cover. He’ll tell John it was all for the sake of their lie. John is the one who’d insisted they attempt this farce, after all. He will understand.
“Very original; you’re hilarious,” Sherlock sneers.
an idiot.”
And presents.
been a remarkable prison escape and is suitably seasonal--so Sherlock tunes it out. Instead, he thinks fondly back to a biography he’d read on Joseph Lister around Christmastime in 2008, wonders at how it’d feel to plunge his bare hands into a corpse’s chest cavity (
It works.
“You need to tell Molly that you are in love with her and end this tedious subtextual will-they-won’t-they dance. I’m bored to death by it.”
“Watson,” Holmes murmured.
Sherlock turns his back to John, curling into a foetal position, and purses his lips stroppily.
would've remembered that."
arseholes. Bye Molls. Greg.”
“Daddy!” Rosie agrees, punching a fist in the air.
He carefully picks up his head and peers over his shoulder to find John fast asleep on his back, arms hugging his stomach, trying to take up as little space as possible.
“You just had an attitude with Jamila.”
, I’m about to burst! I’m so
“Sorry,” John says awkwardly, half-in, half-out the door. “But you seemed a little, uh. Off. When you left. So I’m just…checking in.” He looks to his feet.
“You declined,” Sherlock says, numb.
“You’re intolerably slow,” he said as I helped him out of his shirt with teasing calm. He slapped my hand away and attended to disrobing himself, his rushed desperation causing me to smile, and tore the shirt off to reveal an expanse of alabaster with prominent bone and sinew. I wonderingly ran my hands up his torso, which was sparse of hair, and when I paused to fondle his nipples with my thumbs, he made the prettiest noise.
“I’m dying,” Sherlock croaks.
When John had been grieving Mary, Sherlock had hugged him—just the once. It’d be a rare moment of physical connection for them, and Sherlock had felt guilty for finding comfort in it himself. For finding security and warmth, and for wanting to keep John in his arms.
John has his fingers fisted in Sherlock’s curls and is tugging, ever so slightly, as he makes all sorts of wonderful strangled noises and says Sherlock’s name like velvet and it’s this simplicity--hearing his name from John’s lips, woven with need, encouragement, pleasure--that is most exhilarating. Sherlock blurs his hand over his own cock, continuing to lavish John with his tongue, lapping up a pearl of pre-come, bitterness exploding in his mouth--
Sherlock eyes him warily. “He was a pioneer in the area of modern forensic analysis. The Exchange Principle.”
Sherlock had noticed, of course, that John had taken to exercising in his bedroom, a steady bang bang bang permeating through the floor and rattling the glassware like clockwork. He’d been spare-looking when he’d moved back into 221b four months ago, hadn’t been himself, but a year of grieving had wrung the life out of him. But now--there is a notable transformation. Sherlock had been monitoring the progress
.  It’s a little junk science-y, sure, but it’s fun, semi-believable factoid! As to the rest, men ages 35-44 (John’s supposed age bracket) do account for 16% of convicted murderers in England and Wales, per the latest Office for National Statistics
John finally looks at Sherlock, and any trace of amusement is gone. Unreadable. “Are we meant to do something about it?”
Mycroft rolls his eyes as Lestrade bellows out a “Here, here!”
Thankfully, he had managed not to do anything breathtakingly stupid, even being under the influence of alcohol, hadn’t passed the point of no return and gotten obviously physical with Sherlock. At least he’d managed to practice that much self-restraint, though it’s rather a low bar. And maybe one day John will tell Mary what had transpired because even though he hadn’t done anything with Sherlock, John had wanted so much more, and that had felt like a betrayal.
Sherlock crosses his arms over his chest defiantly. “No,
John’s mouth makes a tiny ‘o’ in understanding.
With a tiny, secretive smile, Sherlock holds out the gift. “Surprise?”
“I want to pin you down and ride you.”
” John says, rhapsodic.
Lestrade sucks air between his teeth “Honestly, I don’t think that’s true.”
“‘Fun’ is subjective, Lestrade. I’d guess rugby only because that is something you and John both deem as ‘fun.’ Though, I’m sure there are other breathtakingly dull activities in which you both find enjoyment.”
"Come, now! Shall we see how much I remember? It is about time I play something sweet for you."
An apology springs onto Sherlock’s tongue, but John says, “No, stop. Don’t apologise. You don’t ever have to apologise.” Then, hypocritically, adds, “Sorry.”
John tries not to think about anything outside of the moment. He needs to bloody well focus on allowing Sherlock to get the wallet.
He’d meant to be careful; to not do too much. Especially not like this, on display for strangers' eyes.
“Getting noshed off?"
looked, in an effort to remain ignorant to the potentiality that John could want Sherlock in that way, but had never, in fact, wanted him?
Moving stealthily toward the sitting room, Sherlock flicks on the lightswitch with a flourish.
John reaches for Sherlock’s hand and interlaces their fingers, holds their entwinement atop his thigh.
“I have been told to
“Christ's sake,” Janine throws in. John’s stricken silent, turns slowly to Janine, his ire palpable. “God love you, John, but you’re being a bit thick.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, voice brittle.
John chuffs out a laugh, places his hand on Sherlock’s calf. “Well, shit. I’m trapped.”
We moved to sit side by side on the settee with a woolen blanket swathing us, Holmes resting his head on my shoulder. It was pure bliss. We had sat on that settee numerous times sharing that very same blanket, but never so close nor so spiritually connected and peaceful. I could not wait for new memories in the same vein--memories we would make together in 221b in the coming year as not only friends, but lovers.
He stands up, straightens out his shirt, shifts his weight from foot to foot. The physical embodiment of discomfiture. This frank conversation--it's not the kind they usually have. John will want to flee, to be alone. He will fixate on the conversation, coming to the conclusion that he regrets revealing his truth.
John bristles. “Sorry,
Sherlock obeys, and John gives him a bruising kiss.
He knows suddenly nothing about everything--when, before, he’d known everything about nothing--focussed only on John and John’s lips and kissing them. Closeness. John’s scent; masculine and familiar. John. Affection, or--yes. Affection.
John flicks his eyes between Wiggins to Sherlock rapidly. “Sorry?”
With Sherlock’s name noted as the beneficiary.
“Of course you aren't, my dear fellow. I just--"
Preening, Sherlock grabs John's wrist as he sits back in his chair. "What'll you do about it?" He draws John's index finger slowly into his mouth--humid warmth--lashes fluttering downwards to watch his work in progress. John licks his lips as he watches the lewd display and his cock twitches, feeling a bit left out. Sherlock draws the finger out and looks up at John darkly. "Any ideas?"
The lack of a rising intonation is a veiled threat.
John digs out an olive and pops it into his mouth, sitting back and grinning with wry amusement. Sherlock can’t help but think about how immeasurably attractive he is when he smiles.
“Oh. Well. Yes, of course, I suppose--I suppose I shall,” I said, prattling like a fool. I was not to pay any mind to Holmes’s queer behaviour. It was simply Holmes being Holmes, I reasoned to myself, his idiosyncrasies heightened by drink. “Did you know it was also believed that what you were doing on midnight would reflect what you’d be doing for the rest of the year?”
“Does that say October ‘88?” Molly asks, leaning over Sherlock’s other shoulder. “Right before--”
“Oi!” John calls after them, arms wide in a
John crosses his arms over his chest. “Why’ve you bothered ‘tracking my progress?’ How can that
“What people--” John stops, processes. “You mean a--like Greg and Molly. Just now.
“Sure,” Janine says askance. She flips her hair over her shoulder, gives the hem of her shirt a tug so her décolletage is more strategically visible, and stands up, looking every bit fierce and determined. “Anyway. Wasn’t planning on getting a leg over at my dead mate’s daughter’s second birthday party, but these are desperate times. I’m going in.”
Sherlock shrugs one shoulder. “I spent a few months in Los Angeles back in the late nineties. Learned the basics to get into the good graces of suspects in a series of robberies and murders.”
have for it?”
Because Sherlock can no longer be without him.
“What!” Molly squeaks excitedly, then stumbles over herself to get a glimpse.
When John places a kiss atop Rosie’s downy head of hair, she squirms enthusiastically in his lap, lavishing the attention. Mrs Hudson makes an owl-like noise of adoration at the tender display.
Rosie points the binoculars down the dirt path before throwing the thing aside and shouting, “Doggy!”
He takes Sherlock’s face between his hands and kisses him.
looking down at him, etched with concern.
Sherlock is getting hard, himself, and he needs
When Sherlock meets Wiggins’s eyes again, he is caught off guard by the thoughtful look on Wiggins’s face.
And before Sherlock knows it, he’s fallen asleep.
Sherlock blinks, but he lowers his head back onto his arms without protest.
John tuts. “Sherlock.”
John is staring at him, his eyes unmistakably watery.
“Yeah...sure. Thatcher was a fan, wasn’t she? What does that have to do with--”
John is looking up, and Sherlock is looking down, seemingly flummoxed.
A clever mystery can do it, usually. And John can do it, sometimes. But Rosie, she can always, unfailingly, do it. It only takes Rosie being Rosie, Rosie being boring, or interesting, for Sherlock to smile like a complete idiot.
The words had been whispered into Sherlock’s hair, quiet and muffled. Too delicate and handspun to be loud.
to be convincing. Because he is too curious to see where this could lead; what Sherlock could do.
I was unsure as to the exact translation of the French, but I didn’t want to say as much, lest I face Holmes’s chastisement, but context clues gave away his general meaning.
John bursts out laughing. Behind him, Rosie starts giggling too.
They commandeer a sandy spot for themselves--a bit behind and to the side of the other beach goers--and John pitches their tent while Sherlock answers Rosie’s stream of questions:
Sherlock's lip twitches. “That's what I said.”
“Very astute, John,” Sherlock drawls.
He dares to add,
“Mind the turbulence,” Sherlock deadpans before throwing her in the air and catching her, her laughter ringing in his ears. He finds himself grinning, in turn, as he throws-and-catches, throws-and-catches.
"What is it, Holmes?" I said anxiously.
“Relax,” John tells Sherlock, though he, himself, doesn’t sound relaxed, his voice a bit cracked.
first.”
“Whatever it is you think you shouldn’t do, what you should do is what you were already doing.”
"Do not lose heart, Holmes," said I solemnly, cradling the back of Holmes's skull in my hand, bringing him down to my height and pressing our foreheads together.
Sherlock looks between the two of them with unadulterated glee.
Sherlock lets out a long, dramatic sigh. "Thank
Lestrade scrunches up his nose and mimics Sherlock (poorly) at Mrs Hudson, who giggles into her hand.
. What, in uni?”
“On Starr’s scheme? But--how? Why?”
John sways in, eyes on the prize that is Sherlock’s lips. “What?”
He tips to the side, resting his head against John’s.
It’s a blessedly cool evening, drying the sweat off John’s forehead, and the panic that had been building gradually subsides down to a hum.
John is still stewing in his indignance, only half-aware that Greg’s still blathering on, when Mary barrels toward them, her cheeks flushed with the exertion of dance.
Sherlock’s mouth snaps shut, and the three of them look up at Greg, who’d emerged like a freighter out of the heavy fog of drunken pub goers.
A heavy weight flops onto Sherlock’s stomach, causing Sherlock to release a soft
Sherlock stiffens at the touch.
“Ah,” Wiggins drawls.
“One must keep one’s spirits up by pouring the spirits down,” Holmes had quipped in his mystifying way of knowing precisely what I was thinking without me saying a word aloud. My mind had indeed often been wending to the tribulations of the year and back to the present. Holmes was too right; it had been a year that merited a peaty descent (or any flavour of descent) into numbing oblivion.
Sherlock is feeling bold. “And with the men?”
Rosie ignores him, too concentrated on her excavation.
Sherlock’s lips curve up into a tiny smile as he lolls his head to the right and flicks the cigarette out the window. “Some of Yorkshire’s finest attractions, to be sure.”
John laughs at the absurdity of it. Of Sherlock saying it aloud. Of him having done it at all. “Maybe I did; what of it?"
“Agreed,” Sherlock says with a sour look on his face, equally appalled, even though John has seen the man put far more unappetising things in his mouth for the love of science.
There’s no telling how long the kiss lasts, but when they pull apart, John turns his head, breathless, and finds their heckler gone.
Sherlock is rather suffocated by pine and angels and peppermint scented candles at this point.
“You love sucking my cock, don’t you?” John says, voice thick with arousal, and Sherlock makes a busy, humming noise in the affirmative. John pets Sherlock’s hair. “You look
. Interestingly, they aren’t native to the U.K. Can you say
John can’t wait to make a crime scene of it.
” John says as he snakes a hand between them to palm at Sherlock’s cock in his trousers, giving it a squeeze, much like Sherlock had just done to him in the pub. Tipping his head back against the wall, Sherlock presses himself into John’s hand, arching his back.
“How about
A pause.
John side-eyes him. “What’s that, then?”
What if he were to be bold, like his grandmother, and profess to John? Would it ruin everything? Or would it become everything?
John hesitates for a moment before swinging a leg over and sitting on his knees astride Sherlock, hovering, not daring to have his arse make contact with any part of Sherlock’s body. Here, he’s better positioned to smooth the sun cream down the expanse of Sherlock’s pale back, across ridges of old scars and raised moles. He is meticulous in his application, leaving no window of skin unslathered.
John’s rumbling purr has Sherlock riveted. It inspires a wild thought of smearing pink frosting over his bottom lip and allowing John to lap it up with languorous tease, as if it were ice cream topping a cone. Or use his frosted lip as if it were something else: perhaps a penis? Preferably Sherlock’s. The metaphor could have been better thought out.
Constance’s tail slaps against the ground--even as the rest of her remains motionless--when Sherlock folds himself into a pretzel, seated opposite Rosie, and places his hand to coarse fur.
John kneels at Sherlock’s feet, pours out more sun cream, and glides it over the backs of Sherlock’s calves, up to his thighs. Near the hem of Sherlock’s trunks, John brushes thumbs down the sides of his inner thighs, into the sweaty vee of his legs, and Sherlock spreads his legs the slightest bit wider, accommodating.
“Wanted to catch you before you swanned off,” Mummy says. “Your father and I thought we’d have you, your brother, and John over for food and drink. It’s just a couple hours' drive, you know, but you’re more than welcome to stay the night, though I know it’s last minute. I suppose we should have thought all this through before….”
“I was going too fast; was in the zone.”
“You’re bloody right I did,” Lestrade blusters. “Nothing against John, he’s a fine-looking bloke, but I don’t swing that way. Not even a little bit.”
look exhausted. Their recent case (referred to, egregiously, as the "Bermondsay Bijoux Bafflement" by John) had involved quite a few early morning stake-outs, and they're both still catching up on sleep.
The referee blows the whistle on a foul and an argument ensues, DC Conzatti gesticulating at DC Faisal like the angry Italian he very much is.
“Not enough, clearly,” John says, frowning at his foot.
“If I understand the nuances of the situation correctly,” Sherlock continues, ignoring John, “your case is a
“I’m sorry, is this an intervention?”
But Sherlock had explained it away, had dismissed any possibility of John’s interest in him as anything more than friends because he couldn’t fathom someone wanting him that way. Who would want Sherlock, who is abrasive and dismissive of goodness? Who is an unfeeling automaton? He is not made to be loved. No one had ever wanted him--even John hadn’t, not for a long time. And maybe Sherlock had been scared of what it could mean. It would transform his role in John’s life. He would take more responsibility with Rosie, and that is something he cannot mishandle. That is something far too precious to get wrong.
lingerie of course; nothing as
It’s their second kiss in actuality, but it’s also their true first. It’s the kiss in which they’d cast off their blinders, lifted their curtains, revealed their hearts. It is what Sherlock’s wanted for a very long time, a desire he’d kept under lock and key.
Greg's become a human ball of unease. "You boys need my help? With--or, I can just--" He jabs a vague thumb over his shoulder.
John slams the ring-box onto the table, clattering kitchenware with the impact, and the box snaps closed, catching on his index finger.
John is looking suspicious. He knows he’s being talked about, and hates not knowing what is being said.
Rosie is telling John something in her excited, babbling way, but Sherlock hears none of it.
John laughs wryly. “Jesus, really? 43? Fucking hell. I honestly don’t remember--”
“My dear,” Holmes started quietly, a hint of surprised exasperation infused in the words. “I would like nothing more than for you share lodgings with me once again.” Suddenly, he was energised and amicable and announced grandly, “Perhaps, in the scheme of things, my gruesome hands have resulted in some good, after all!”
After a few more languorous laps, John changes tack and pistons his tongue in and out of Sherlock until he’s breathing heavily through his nose like a bull. Pre-come pearls and trickles down the side of Sherlock’s rigid cock, and he is completely at John’s whim, writhing, bowing, clenching himself around John’s slick, wild,
He takes them down side streets and country roads, unable to stop stealing glances at John along the way.
“There was a miscommunication in what we wanted from each other. Besides, he was married.”
“Nah, you know I’m impervious to his prick--uh, prick-ery,” John garbles. Greg is still hovering oppressively over him, so John gives Greg’s chest a little shove, regretting it immediately as Greg nearly trips over his feet and faceplants. He grabs Greg's arm. “Sorry! Fuck. Sorry.”
Hafiz’s eyes widen theatrically. “
“So I’ve been told.”
“I want to--may I--”
Once the man’s footsteps clop past the alleyway and recede into silence, they go lax, collapsing against each other in relief.
Sherlock pulls at his hair and paces. “I’m not Lestrade. I can’t--” He breathes in sharply and spins around to face John. “John. I would be honoured if—damn, no. If you would allow me to—I’d be rather delighted to—
Sherlock eventually rejoins reality and finds that everyone has vacated the flat except for John, who is watching him sedately from the sofa, legs spread wide, propping up a half-drunk beer bottle on his thigh.
Why he thinks it now, in this moment, he doesn't know. For someone who has all the answers, Sherlock cannot explain it, though he may always wonder at it. All he knows is that it is significant and life-affirming to love someone like this--natural, pure, and unencumbered.
“You know I’m always going to want you,” John says. It is imperative that Sherlock understands this. “I've wanted you for so long that I don't remember how it feels to not want you. And, yeah, I’m a thoughtless, randy bastard, and I’m sorry for it--but I need you to know that I will only ever want you.” He brings Sherlock's hand to his lips, kisses his knuckles. “That I’ll only ever love you.”
“As the years went by, I didn’t think I’d see you like that again, and the thought broke my heart.” Mummy places a hand on Sherlock’s forearm, and her kindly voice massages out Sherlock’s tension, “I know I have been very hard on your grandmother over the years. But your grandfather was inconsolable when she’d revealed she was having an affair with Flora. He couldn’t comprehend that she’d fallen in love with a woman, and he was just so very lost. He’d loved your grandmother very much--quite a feat, I may say so--and spiraled into a depression that made me rather vengeful. For years, I felt as if she’d broken up our family and ruined my father. But it’s all just so tragic, I realise--she’d wasted so much of her life with a person she hadn’t loved. She had no other choice, and how horrific that must have been. I wish she hadn’t married my father; I wish she’d had more time with the woman she’d loved. And so you, darling, you mustn’t be complacent.
“It’s
reckless. I don’t know how not to be. But I can’t be like that anymore; I have to try to not be like that.” He looks up at Sherlock again, entreating. “And so do you.”
in the past, what is it….14 years?”
John gives Sherlock a starry-eyed smile.
John shakes his head. "Absolutely not," he says, but it lacks the
As we walked, I tried to ignore Holmes’s newfound keen interest in me and my doings. I knew I could not prolong the inevitable any longer, otherwise Holmes would expose me, somehow. We happened upon a secluded wood, colourful and fragrant with scarlet pimpernel, heartsease, violets, and primrose and so quiet that I could hear Holmes’s intakes of breath. It felt as if it were millions of miles away from the thrumming city, as if Holmes and I were the first human souls to set foot on that ground.
, no.”
Naturally, they run right into each other.
,” Rosie repeats, "
Lestrade enjoys recounting that particular case to people--it
“Mm,” Sherlock purrs his assent, face mashed into his arm.
“Shit!" John makes a reflexive grab for Sherlock's dressing gown. "Sorry.” He is holding a bunched up towel in his other hand, placed strategically in front of his groin.
.” Sherlock blinks. “You mean….”
“Well,
John’s smile falters, and Sherlock rolls his eyes.
“Sherlock, I--"
Sherlock furrows his brows. “‘Down the line?’”
Sherlock sneers. “I’m a far better dancer than John, anyway.”
. (Women are too perspicacious for Sherlock’s liking, sometimes. They don’t even have to
“I thought--maybe. Probably. But I didn’t know for sure.”
“Let us first be on even ground,” I said, turning around and reaching for his shirt. “I have not yet seen any of you.”
John turns his head in the manner of a condemned man facing his executioner.
“Oh, what gave it away?”
Greg’s eyes are glassy, and he’s giving them a dopey, zenlike grin, but when he sweeps his eyes over their table, where John is nursing a pint, Mary’s just finished a G&T, and Sherlock’s halfway through a rum sour, the smile disappears.
John cups Sherlock’s cheek with a hand, and Sherlock places his hand atop John’s. It feels right. “You’re everything, you know that?” John says with watery blue eyes. “To me and Rosie. You’ve been so good to me. And you’re so good to her.”
And that’s why, tonight, John is playing a pitiable toff on the hunt for a sugar baby.
“I can’t be sure when I’m to see you next, and I need an answer promptly,” Mycroft says. “I must be taking my leave soon.”
And that’s all it ever takes, really.
John is marching toward them with a marked pep in his step, a coffee and a grease-stained bag in tow.
A question then came tumbling out of my mouth, unbidden. "Do you think I would make a good husband, Holmes?"
Days later, back at 221b, Sherlock noisily throws himself into his armchair and sinks low, legs inelegantly splayed. He waits, but his theatrics do nothing to garner John’s attention, so he tries on a drawn-out sigh.
“I find you particularly attractive,” John says in a low rumble.
The woman sighs wistfully. “Constance is my only baby these days.”
-they’d, to be accurate,
being a romantic.” He pitches his voice into a low, mocking rumble, “
“Who’d you prefer? Me or Shezza?”
“Don’t think so. Say it again.”
“She’s watching us, isn’t she.”
into the kitchen. He has to weave through Janine, Mrs Hudson, and John’s latest girlfriend, What’s Her Face, to get there (Lestrade’s gone outside to have a cigarette and Molly’s joined him, even though she doesn’t smoke) and smoothly fends off attempts at conversation. He returns to John unscathed.
Sherlock picks up the postcard. It reads:
Sherlock mirrors John’s smile, genuine and effusive.
Sherlock looks down into his tea and wonders, for the first time, if he
John opens, closes, opens his mouth, but not a peep comes out. His expression then transmutes into wary disbelief. “Okay. You’re having me on.”
Tags: Established Relationship, Lipstick, Dash of Crossdressing Kink, Really Just PWP
He knows John has no preference with the women he dates, in terms of appearance--he has no apparent "type"--and their personalities run the gamut (though, they're universally boring, with the exception of Mary).
“I am a third party in your and Watson's life. Acting
Lestrade narrows his eyes.
Mary is positively radiant and springy, shimmying here, gyrating there, and John zones in on her silk off-white tank top, draped flatteringly over her curves. Being in the thick of breastfeeding, there’s more heft in her breasts, which jiggle ever-so-slightly with every energetic bounce. And since the Boob Jiggle is a delicacy, and John is a man of culture, he settles in for the show, thankful that the table is covering him from the waist down.
Mycroft’s regarding him with a shadow of amusement. “It’s a fundamental human trait to create meaning where there wasn’t any before.”
John cocks his hip onto a balustrade, watching Rosie talk animatedly to herself as she collects dead flowers and blades of grass strewn across the ground and fashions them into a sad-looking bouquet. “So I’m not average, then?”
The back door opens and closes.
When he’s run out of excuses and has to once again share the same space as John, it turns out to be an easy task.
“I apologise.”
Over the next half hour, Mary has the bright idea to buy John, Sherlock, and herself a few more shots, and John gets comfortably sort-of pissed. His cockles are warmed, and he’s cosy in the little U-shaped booth, Mary to his left, Sherlock to his right. His top two people. (Rosie, of course, doesn’t count. She’s a whole other kettle of fish.) And Greg, he’s here too, and he’s great, but he’s not Sherlock. Nor is he Mary. But he’s not Sherlock either.
John is reaching out, his fingertips brushing Sherlock’s forehead and fringe. Fingers push through the thicket of Sherlock’s curls.
“It was all for you, in case you missed that.”
He rubs his cheek against John’s like a cat. John dips Sherlock's head down and presses a kiss into his curls.
He’s not the man Mary thinks he is.
Sherlock take John’s wandering hand by the wrist, drapes it on the side of his arsecheek, and John hefts a handful of plush flesh. Perhaps this is supposed to be a part of the fantasy. Perhaps Sherlock is trying to keep John away from all the distinctively male bits. But John doesn't
“Yeah, those two are shagging tonight.”
“That’s the word.”
They’re going to hash this out with an audience, it seems. That’s new.
They all lapse into silence, but Mrs Hudson does not take the cue that the conversation is over. In fact, Sherlock is horrified to see that she looks to be on the verge of tears.
“I’m not
There was a far-reaching impact of the RA I had not considered and it was a shame, truly. Some of Holmes’s passions were very hands-on, particularly apiculture and playing his violin.
“It was torture not being able to do anything about it,” John says, giving Sherlock a slow look-over. “Or at least thinking that you were unavailable.”
“You continue to surprise me.” He gives John a quick once-over. “It’s rather thrilling.”
She flattens said lovely, perky tits against John’s chest, and they’re soft, so soft, and she wraps her thin arms around his neck, purring in his ear, “Are you going to take good care of me tonight, Daddy?”
“Wholly unnecessary, though it was a remarkably distracting venture. I would have had you as long as you were you.”
,” Sherlock says, tossing his head. “Obviously. But the lipstick.”
“Irrespective of any...situation,” Mummy continues delicately, if transparently, “in which you would have ended up, John, I knew Sherlock would have you by his side. But I simply couldn’t have dreamt of this
Sherlock’s about to back away, but John grabs his arm, pulls Sherlock’s ear toward his mouth. “Your kind of music, then," John says, low and rumbling. "Gives you a leg up. Just like the ballroom dancing.”
On Lassus's motets: in canon, Holmes wrote a monograph on the
look at him.
“Of course, yes.”
John hasn’t looked at Sherlock once since leaving the restaurant.
"Let me assist you, darling,” I said.
John can practically hear the smirk in Sherlock's voice as he says, "A noble sacrifice for Queen and country."
Both Mycroft and Sherlock look at him.
"God--oh, god,
“Then, in that case, to be crystal clear,” John trips over himself to say before regrouping, slowing down his speech, “I need you to know that I want all of it. I want everything that implies. I want
“Was that
Two weeks into his stay, his head pulsating with a hangover headache and his stomach churning with nausea, he bites the bullet and sends a text with shaky hands:
“Nah,” John says, “I think we’ve only just scratched the surface, wouldn’t you agree, Mrs Holmes?”
John carefully removes Sherlock’s sunglasses, leans away to place it out of reach, then eases back into form at Sherlock’s side. He places a hand atop a damp splotch on Sherlock’s chest.
And he thinks it quite prudent that Rosie does not ever know her father that way.
“My dear man, you're reckless,” Holmes teased, reaching over and, with a spindly finger, wiping away a fleck of whiskey from my neck. I watched, transfixed, as he brought the pad of that same finger to his mouth and touched the tip of his tongue to it.
John is stricken silent before he says, "Sherlock. Do you really still not get it?” He huffs out a disbelieving laugh. “You’re not a stand-in. You’ve never been a stand-in
With great ceremony, Sherlock stands up and whips out the purloined wallet, holding it up to the light. Two of the pockets are fat, bursting with credit cards. Sherlock pinches the cards out of their pockets, and he and John squint at the blocky names printed upon them together. Within the collection, they find their client’s and his mate’s names. As well as a smattering of other potential victims’ names.
Sherlock watches her go, watches her announce herself and her purpose to the boys, who are surprisingly receptive and take her into the fold without question, and Sherlock is reminded of how much he loves her.
As I remained boneless in the armchair, Holmes carefully unseated himself, my eyes glazing over at the sight of my seed dripping down the back of his thigh.
“Yeah,” Rosie says matter-of-factly.
“Yes, I should think so,” Mummy says grimly.
It was beautiful, and he’d felt invincible.
(1828) in the original French.
to shanghai some poor sod into nearly marrying me
, so he shuffles across the seat on his knees, sits on his haunches, pushes John’s hand away, and leans over to swallow John down.
“Okay,” Lestrade says. He blows out a heavy breath. “It’s something--it’s something that happened with me and John that we never talked about again. A kind of...unspoken understanding of
Mummy flaps a hand at him as she turns back toward the warmth of the house. “Don’t be long. You boys will catch your death out here.”
The day before Christmas Eve, Sherlock returns home late from Barts to find that Mrs Hudson has indeed stopped by, though the only decoration she’s added to the already-bursting sitting room is a sprig of mistletoe in the entranceway to the kitchen.
He snatches his mobile off the sidetable, activates the lockscreen, and whatever he sees causes him to sit fully upright. He pokes and swipes at the screen frantically, his eyebrows crawling up to his hairline.
They eat, and Mummy talks far too much.
John starts to edge away, but Dad keeps their hands clasped. “There’s much to celebrate today.” John stares down at his detained hand. “I can’t tell you how chuffed I was when Vi told me the news about you and Sherlock.”
Sherlock runs the tip of his tongue over his bottom lip, skin-pink against unnatural-pink, and John follows its journey with great vigilance. “You find this particularly attractive,” Sherlock says.
John draws out a sigh. “Fine. Just today.”
John throws a balled up napkin at Sherlock. Sherlock dodges it effortlessly.
sound like that.”
More calmly, Sherlock clarifies, “I’m trying to ask you to dinner.”
,” he purrs.
“And what are
John is offended Sherlock hadn’t needed him on other cases. Or had he simply not wanted him there? John had expressly asked to be included if anything had come up. And, in all honesty, he had wanted to see Sherlock more often, but hadn’t known how else to see him without the excuse of casework, which is undoubtedly the fulcrum of their relationship.
Sherlock closes his eyes meditatively. “Go
Sherlock tips his head from side to side, a parody of uncertainty. “Amongst other reasons.”
John is naked and lying on his back, head propped up by pillows, feet flat on the duvet, legs akimbo. Cock erect and waiting. Sherlock is between his legs, a smirking, wonderful creature. He’d reapplied his lipstick, so the colour is brighter, a more alarming pink, and layered it with a gloss. It looks pristine. Untouched.
“Dinner! It’s what people do!”
Sherlock fears that the designer jumpers he’s gifted to John, although sorely needed, have turned out to be inadequate and thoughtless in comparison to...this.
to pick up Rosie, and I--I thought--”
“I’ll dance with you."
,” John puts in.
Janice? smiles down at her. “I had some already, but thank you so much sweetheart. That’s very thoughtful of you.”
“...attractive?” John offers instead.
They’ve been avoiding the subject quite assiduously, which is something they are both very skilled at--avoiding talking about things they do not want to talk about--but Sherlock has been able to do nothing else but think about it since Mémé’s funeral. There are experiments that need doing, a monograph that needs writing, so he must clear the air (and his mind).
“Sit up,” he demanded.
“It was the ‘50s, after all. But I do remember this
Because Sherlock is the love of John's life.
Perhaps it is the cocktail of post-sex hormones to blame, but Sherlock has the jarring thought that he may have never truly known love before this; before John.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “You have an untrained musical ear. In this case, that is very much par for the course with respect to the average person.”
“Shall we take a walk?” Sherlock poses to Rosie, scooping her into his arms and standing up.
“Rosie, come on, love,” John says over her shrieks, sounding exhausted. Rosie is starting to climb off the sofa but John stops her and situates her back into place. “
John looks as if Sherlock had slapped him. “How could you say that? She loves you.”
“That just about narrows it down.”
“My mother was a highly superstitious woman,” I told Holmes. “She felt it necessary to practice many of the traditions, especially the first-footing. Do you know of it?”
John thinks, his body going rigid, his ears ringing, his hands clenching into fists at his sides.
The simplicity of his touch is a comfort. Sherlock will always be his comfort.
“You make it sound as if it’s a privilege.”
“Ribbet!” Another hop. “Ribbet!”
to be Rosie’s father?” John asks suddenly.
Greg stabilises himself, waves a dismissive hand, tears his arm out of John's grip. “S’nothing. S’okay. I’m good.” He looks beyond John, distant and grim. “Fuck, John. I’m 50. Five-fucking-zero. I’m almost dead. And I’ll probably be alone for the rest of my life because my ex-wife, the love of my sodding life, wanted to nosh off some nobody PE teacher."
“Why do I have to kiss them for a princess?” Rosie asks.
Mrs Hudson’s hands fly to cover her eyes, squeaking out an, “Oh!”
“You have to understand. That night. I was blotto. Desperate.”
It took a moment, perhaps due to my faculties being slowed by drink, but I soon understood he was referring to me and felt my cheeks flush. I took a great gulp of whiskey and felt emboldened to return a compliment to him.
Dad chuckles, patting Sherlock’s shoulder and turning his attention to John. His sunny smile slips into more neutral territory, and he extends a hand. “Always a pleasure, John.”
“Molly and Lestrade?”
“Of course,” Sherlock says, looking away from John just as Janine emerges from the kitchen with cake and ensconces herself in Sherlock’s armchair. She looks between him and John and makes an obscene motion with her hand, tongue quite literally in cheek. It’s a bit too close to home, but he doesn’t let on, snarls at her and pointedly snaps his attention back to John.
“‘I wish I could give you more?’” Sherlock parrots, mouth dry, because, even after all his puzzling, he hadn’t been able to parse it.
. And she didn't want any of it. I wasn't bloody enough, John."
It isn't an easy task.
“I’d love to. Sorry I was just a bit—I’d really love that,” Molly hastens to say.
John cringes.
“You fucking wish," John says.
Holmes had been concerningly quiet throughout, so I ran a comforting hand up his back, a terrain of spine nubs, and kissed a freckle. “Are you all right, my darling? Is it painful?”
John sidesteps between Sherlock and Wiggins, back turned to Sherlock, and Sherlock’s eyes drop down and up in a flash, possibly stealing a look at part of John’s body that is enticingly pert in his jeans, possibly not.
“But--
And in that sense, it was a perfect locale--something Holmes and I could consecrate and have for ourselves.
John climbs over Sherlock and lies down so they’re face to face, kisses the petulant moue off Sherlock’s lips. “I’m sorry. Didn’t mean to be flippant. I’m just not good at this sort of stuff. That was--beautiful, really. I don’t know what to say to match it, but, for the record: I feel the same. I really,
,” he hisses, white-knuckling the edge of the table.
Sherlock glares murderously at him. John just smiles serenely back.
“Hm,” Sherlock says, sounding intrigued. “Perhaps we should get this in writing.”
“I don’t intend to leave this spot,” Sherlock murmurs into his arm.
And he’d thrived as that Sherlock Holmes. He’d scintillated.
Sherlock blinks. He’d forgotten Molly was there. She’s watching Janine speak to Lestrade, her jaw tight.
John slips hands underneath Sherlock’s coat to rest on Sherlock’s waist, the warmth of his hands bleeding through fabric into Sherlock’s skin, and Sherlock slides his hands over John’s ribs to his back, locking his arms around him.
“I am unable to, at a molecular level, be
This is--uncommonly intimate.
Sherlock keeps on staring at John, unable to dissect
Sherlock bristles. “I do
He had never had to sham something so very close to his heart.
But then John slides his hand down Sherlock’s arm, watching Sherlock with a kind of dreamy solemnity, and Sherlock turns his head, drops his eyes to watch John’s hand's journey to his forearm. From the corner of his eye, Sherlock sees John lick his lips, and Sherlock turns forward and zeroes in on the silvery spot of saliva John’s left, and then John’s eyes drop to Sherlock’s lips, his weight shifts forward, so slight, and Sherlock suddenly isn’t breathing, and they’re
He finds Sherlock waiting by the exit, trying to look casual, but very clearly vibrating with impatience.
When John’s finished taking his overlong sip of beer, his demeanour is markedly different. He looks uncomfortable.
John pushes him away. Dazzling blue eyes are wide. Astonished.
So he will wait.
It doesn't make a lick of sense. The answer had been a simple yes or no. But there must be a method to the madness, even if Sherlock cannot parse it. And he likes that he can’t parse it, likes to see John being enigmatic, for whatever reason, but he also hates it.
“Good,” John says, clearing his throat. “Good.”
To pass the time, Sherlock challenges himself to avoid looking at John, who he had glanced at once or twice (or thrice) before instating this (impossible) challenge to confirm what he’d already known--that John looks delectable in that white undershirt and those grey shorts, muscled and compact and golden, glistening with a sheen of sweat under the dim light of the desk lamp. And even though Sherlock manages not to look, he cannot ignore the nagging desire to
not a frog, but he
him, even.
“Yes, well, it was. It was 43,” Sherlock snaps.
Perhaps Mycroft has a heart, after all.
Well, then.
John’s lips are in Sherlock’s crosshairs. “I suppose we could just...talk. Should do the trick.”
Sherlock has to avert his eyes at the sight of a misty-eyed John.
“That won’t be necessary," Holmes interrupted sharply. "I have already acquired aspirin, attempted the Gold treatment, and examined and researched to the best of my ability any other possible medicinal cures but I am, as you have remarked upon in your chronicle of our first case together—what was the fanciful title you gave it?
Tears slide effortlessly down Sherlock’s cheek, the wet streaks freezing in the frigid air.
“Was it?”
“That’s it?”
“Would you
Rosie is beside herself at the idea, throws herself off Sherlock to skip in a circle, chanting, “Pizza! Pizza!”
“Can’t blame us for thinking it, though, can you? You went running right back to Holmes,” Sherlock hears the paparazzo say. “Did your wife know you were gay?”
Mycroft and Sherlock find each other’s eyes at the same moment.
People are too close.
“What...?” John says, looking downwards as he feels the featherlight brush of something across the skin exposed by the plunging vee of his shirt. Sherlock’s finger--spidery, short-nailed--is making its descent down John's torso.
John’s heart sinks.
“Watson's welfare hardly hinges on whether
Certain it is safe to do so, Sherlock turns around and finds John marching purposefully toward him and Rosie, fury palpable. “Let’s go,” he growls, clomping on past them and out of the garden.
Without missing a beat, John says, “In other words: you’re gay.”
dressed for the beach is much like two elephants doing ballet: it’s unheard of, it’s unnatural, and there are trunks. Though, John suspects the elephant trunks would be
“Is this what?” John says, sounding exhausted.
“It’s
Holmes sniffed and shrugged one shoulder.
They zigzag down street after street, taking arbitrary turns to shake off their pursuer. Sherlock veers a sharp right into an alleyway and waves John into a spot beside a skip where they crouch down against the wall, shoulder to shoulder, and wait. John holds his breath.
“Oh my god. Are you Sherlock Holmes?” Hafiz is saying. “Is that Sherlock Holmes?” he poses to John, presumably.
in time with each of John’s rhythmic, precise pulses, smoothing his hands down John’s rippling back, tacky with a film of sweat.
A beat of silence.
Rosie begins to swing their clasped hands in the carefree way of children, and Sherlock feels utterly ridiculous, but quickly forgets his embarrassment as Rosie proceeds to tell him, in her endearingly shambolic way, about the joys of today’s games and lessons.
John is moving back into 221b.
It was in the year following my wife’s death, enduring days on end alone in my flat and warring with pell mell thoughts of Holmes and my wife, that a truth revealed itself--I did not miss my departed wife nearly as much as I missed Holmes, and Holmes was still very much alive, ensconced in 221b, just a 20 minute cab ride from my quarters.
“Sherlah!” she cries, running at him. Sherlock smiles, pleased to see her and relieved she’s not acted out of turn because he isn’t John, and squats down, lets her hug his knee. He gives her head two quick pats, and she looks up at him with inquisitive, fathomless eyes. “Where’s Daddy?”
Sherlock gestures helplessly at the window. “Why not enjoy the majesty of the outdoors from the comfort of home?”
Stacked in the closet are a few boxes gathering dust. Sherlock unearths the one he needs, pulls out the sketchbook, and sits with it spread across his lap on the old, creaking bed.
Holmes stared at the bracelet and, uncharacteristically, said nothing.
Sherlock’s lips quirk up. “Thank you, Watson. When you present it so enticingly like that, how could I possibly refuse?”
He pulls apart Sherlock’s arsecheeks and dives in, flattening his tongue over Sherlock’s arsehole in one luxurious wet stripe.
Wiggins jabs a yellowed finger in the air. John looks up and goes rigid.
John takes her from Greg and holds her close, giving her a kiss on the forehead. “Sorry, sweetheart; didn’t mean to scare you.”
As John watches Sherlock place a hand on his hip and snake his body, he says, drily, “I’m starting to think that won’t be a problem.”
Why isn't John
“I think I can be just a
“Not as such,” Sherlock says in a rush. “Though, I had a brief entanglement at Cambridge. I say entanglement. It was the only ‘acquaintanceship’ I had in which sex was not the catalyst but rather a consequence.”
“He’s a widower,” Sherlock finds himself saying just to have something to say, nodding at the couple on the dance floor, “and she’s unhappily married.”
Sherlock hums contentedly. “I was wrong. I like sun cream.”
John is laughing at him. “Your
“You’re lucky I only broke your camera and not your fucking fingers,
“I mean, they weren’t as exciting as the monkey one. That old man was fucking mental. All that bosh about a ‘life serum’--”
Smirking, Sherlock hands over the soap.
“...What?”
“That’s
The paparazzo is unmoved. “I’ll just ask it anyway, since we’re all here, and be on my way: Is it true you cheated on your wife with Sherlock Holmes?”
“I can imagine that you don’t care for the taste of an ashtray.”
“Thanks,” John says, peering over Sherlock’s shoulder. Greg had been tasked with placating Rosie; she’d very clearly been crying, her face is streaked pink, and the sight breaks John’s heart. “Shit.”
making me watch you throw yourself off a building? Making me grieve you for
When he raises his eyes to meet Sherlock’s again, he is smacked with guilt.
It is imperative that Sherlock gets fucked in this very moment, so he rolls over to grab the lube off the sidetable, but before he can roll back, John reaches out and enfolds Sherlock in his arms, pulling Sherlock’s back to his chest.
Rosie scrunches up her face like she’s eaten something sour. “
“I said ‘are you cold?’” I repeated, louder. “It’s rather warm in this room and yet you are wearing gloves.”
He doesn’t know what compels him to do it.
for a cigarette often turned into a ride down the pub.” She leans in toward Sherlock, her voice taking on a light but conspiratorial tone, “Think they’re being clever. But we know better, don’t we?”
John plucks the folder out of Sherlock’s hand, pulls out the deed to once again ogle at it. “Why not keep it, Sherlock? You don’t have to use it all the time.” He looks at Mycroft. “It’s all paid for, yeah?”
“Sorry to ruin this heartwarming exchange. But.” Sherlock has the wild thought of shoving Wiggins away and pulling in John to stand in Wiggins’s stead. “I just wanted to....”
“In fact, until this very day, military personnel assist with research. I cannot discuss what kind of research is being done currently, that’s classified, of course, but I can tell you that the chemical weapons being tested supersede the lethality of nerve agents.”
Unfathomably, John does not seem as adamant about kickstarting the fucking as Sherlock does--though, Sherlock supposes
Sherlock tries to quell his anxiety by thinking rationally, which is what he does best.
--leaning in to kiss Jamila on the left, then right cheek. “You take care of yourself now.”
Rosie keeps trying to peer over Sherlock’s shoulder, but Sherlock redirects her gaze each time, brings them farther away from the powderkeg scene (though, not before sparing a glance over his shoulder just in time to see the pap’s camera sailing over the garden’s walls and John taking a fistful of the man’s shirt).
“What is it, then?” John says, pressing his hand to the small of Sherlock’s back and peering over his shoulder. “My god,” he says once he has proper sight of the text, “a
the good life, the simple life, that they were meant to have together. “Marry me.”
They manoeuver through a crowd having quite the knees-up (understandable, as this is the only pub in town open late on a Saturday night), and John, seeming at home, swaggers up to the bar.
“Aw, man.” Wiggins looks at Sherlock with the faintest quirk of an eyebrow, almost mute encouragement. Sherlock blinks, surprised by Wiggins’s sudden generosity of spirit. “Guess that’s me out.”
think.
. But he
When Sherlock doesn’t move, John’s suddenly prickly, crosses his arms over his chest. “You coming?”
Sherlock is doggedly ignoring John’s staring, poring over index cards scattered harum-scarum across the kitchen table. Index cards of rosy-hued lip prints.
“I was confident it could be topped. And topped again. And by ‘it’ I mean me.”
Because, now, being aware of John’s bisexuality corkscrews a knife deep into Sherlock’s heart.
However, though I loved my wives, I have never felt unlucky. For I have always had an inviolable love in my life; I had simply, until that point, never  pledged myself to that love, for many extenuating reasons, though I had courted it
“You’ll do no such thing,” Mary says, sliding out of the booth. “I’ll get us something, my treat. What d’you fancy?”
John is not a good man.
“Come on,” John goads. “I ask for so little.”
John nods. “Grandparents on my dad’s side. But that’s the extent of my Gaelic: anything drink-related.”
Hafiz looks relieved to be on more neutral ground. “Mike! He was
“We like to have a bit of a laugh with the press, keep the sorry bastards guessing,” John is telling Hafiz. “Keep things open for interpretation; it reels them in, you know? Gets them interested, wanting to see more. My blog’s been a blinding success thanks in no small part to our efforts.” He thumps Sherlock’s back chummily. “Right, Sherlock?”
Greg shakes his head in slow motion. “Something’s rotten in Denmark. I’m not as stupid as you and Sherlock think.”
“Thank you,” Rosie says, pulling the collar of her shirt over her nose and mouth, suddenly shy.
Sherlock gives him a sceptical once over before turning back to Rosie. “Now, aspiration--”
“Think you’re funny, hm?” John says, advancing on Sherlock like a panther would its prey. “Think you’re
He looks over his shoulder to find John on his way to the fridge.
He’s about to drop to his knees when John catches him by the underarm and pins him up against the wall.
“I have thought of you daily, Holmes, these past few months; thoughts of you took me out of the abyss of grief, and I cannot quite explain why I haven't visited, but know that you will consume my thoughts even more once you take leave of London.” I strode forward until I was close enough to see the crow’s-feet wending out of the corners of Holmes’s eyes, which before had been piercingly accusing and had become soft and thoughtful after my speech. “I will be miserable without you near, but I understand your need for reprieve and novelty.”
“None of that ‘Mrs Holmes’ nonsense. I am Violet to you, now.”
John takes in a huge breath, lets it out in a gust.
A throat is cleared, and both Wiggins and Sherlock stop glaring at each other to look at the interloper.
“Oh my god,” John says in the tone of someone who’s just been told he has a terminal illness. “We could’ve--to put things in perspective, we’ve been friends for nine years now--”
“I can’t ever win.”
John shakes his head, uncomprehending. “Spoilt…?”
Sherlock braces himself. This is bound to be anything but quick. Or painless.
John watches Sherlock's lips stretch upwards in a knowing, slow spread.
But these were lofty, childish romantic ideals that had been anything but ideal when expended on Victor Trevor.
It does the trick.
“Dunno. The fancy shit.”
However, they’ve never done this.
“Last I checked, we’re not masquerading as an aristocratic heterosexual couple from the turn of the century. So, yes.”
“Yes. Rosie. Yes,” the receptionist is saying, looking like she would prefer to disappear. “I’m--sorry. Again.” She presses a button, speaks into a microphone, voice wibbly, “Um. Rosie Watson.”
“No,” Sherlock says quietly.
John blinks off the whiplash. “I don’t think I’ve ever heard you say those words, in that order. But what exactly was I right about?”
“Sorry," she says without looking up. "Be with you in a moment.”
, for god's sake? What is--
John had showered Sherlock with approbrations of the sort in the early days of their friendship, but they’d become a drizzle, then a drought as the years passed. John had become jaded, or perhaps impervious to Sherlock’s sparkling genius, Sherlock had thought.
It’s their third time doing this in the past week, John always initiating, but the common thread is obvious, now--Mémé. John is a taciturn man, eschews expressing sentiment verbally (much like Sherlock), so this gets his message across without needing to spew any trite nonsense.
I blinked, dumbfounded by Holmes’s vagary, but felt a twist of excitement within. “Come with you?
While the concept of John wanting him is so new--so foreign and mind-boggling--he could really, truly, get used to it.
It was Victor who had taught him the destructive nature of sentiment, though it had been a lesson well-learned: that’s when he’d stepped into his own as Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective, nourished by nothing but data and puzzles.
After a moment of observance, I noticed Holmes was moving minutely, quietly struggling with buttons, attempting to disrobe himself then huffing in annoyance. I placed my novel aside, removed my pince-nez and came to Holmes's side.
“Shall we get a pizza?”
On Psittacara holochlorus: also known as a green parakeet, this bird is indeed not native to the U.K.--it’s native to Africa. One (apocryphal) story I came across is that Jimi Hendrix released a pair of these birds on Carnaby Street in the ‘60s and caused the population boom on the Heath. I was so tickled by the idea, but a bit more digging showed that it isn't true.
he's an easy sell, but the buttery ease of Sherlock’s movements, the unvarnished flirtation, his tunnel vision focus on John--it’s all at once overwhelming, confusing, and enticing. Sherlock is peering over his shoulder, looking at John obliquely through heavy-lidded eyes, and John knows that someone doesn’t dance like
Rating: T
John is being deliberately slow in the extraction, lingering, and he has a weather eye on Sherlock. Assessing, almost. As if he anticipates Sherlock’s façade to crack and wants to catch him out. Sherlock finds that he rather hates the role reversal; evaluator befits him more than evaluee.
And John--
His mobile vibrating in his pocket brings him back down to earth.
,” Sherlock whinges simultaneously with Mummy’s chiding warble of “Si-ger.”
Sherlock remains anchored in place, eyes tracing over the blocky engraving of his grandmother’s headstone--
John makes a big to-do of gathering his essentials--mobile, wallet--but he can’t find his keys. “Where’d you put them.”
The finger dips lower, stops at John’s waistband. Sherlock looks up at John from beneath his lashes. “You wanted her.”
Everyone’s eyes are on Molly, and she can’t seem to get out the words to respond.
lower, so very close to his straining zip, and John is breaking out in a sweat as he forgets, for a moment, what
“And why have you not apprised me of this move?” I said chillily.
Rosie claps her little hands together, and John thinks he may melt, right here, on the muddy pitch.
“Sherlock, you dropped the card.” Mrs Hudson points out the said card forgotten on the floor.
Dad holds up his glass in John’s direction. “Yes,” he says, “a most hearty welcome to our ridiculous and remarkable little family, John.” Adds, “And a most hearty
John’s hands tighten into fists on his thighs. “Not even one. Thanks.”
Bandage applied, John moves to rest his hand on Sherlock’s knee and looks up, his eyes a fascinating shade of blue.
song, which exists more than a century away from the music John associates with him. With John's wife.
Sherlock makes a sweeping gesture at Lestrade. “Continue.”
Mummy sits beside Mycroft and leans over to whisper something into his ear.
John’s seen in awhile.
the lipstick, it just might kill me."
The relief that floods over John’s face is perplexing. Did John really not think Sherlock would say yes to such a request? That he would deny John anything?
John calms down, left with aftershocks of huffing laughter, and says, “I can’t fucking believe this. How long have you wanted to ask me to--to dinner?”
Both of them freeze.
All but Sherlock drink.
John furrows his brows, but he nods once in mute encouragement, so Sherlock wraps a hand around John’s and guides the rim of the glass to his lips, tips his head back, tasting light malt and notes of honey.
On cue, Mummy knocks on the door and pushes it open without waiting for a whiff of assent, and Sherlock rockets upright, nearly falling off the bed. He’s saved only by John’s quick reflexes, a secure arm curled over his waist. Their faces end up dangerously close, John’s expression fraught with alarm, and the almost possessive nature of John’s firm hold compounded with the proximity of John’s lips cause Sherlock’s cock to (inopportunely, inappropriately) stir with interest.
The skin-to-skin proximity is unlike anything else and John doesn’t want to let go. Wants to live here, in Sherlock's arms. But Sherlock is squirming, disentangling himself from John, pushing up and boxing John in with his limbs on all fours.
Who would it hurt to play into the fantasy, just this once? John doesn’t know what’s being said. If there’s ever been a more opportune moment for Sherlock to indulge, it’s now.
There’s been a spate of cat abductions in Croydon, though not quite ordinary abductions--polite abductions, if abductions can be polite, the animals returned a day after their disappearances in fine fettle, but tagged with cryptic messages: a pithy phrase or word in Arabic. Sherlock’s Arabic is rusty, but he’s been able to make a connection to the recently-discovered Saqqara tomb and is on the verge of solving the case from this very bench.
all the attention.” Sherlock gestures at John. “You’ve others waiting.”
Months later, after we had gone for an evening ramble along the coast, we entered the sitting room and Holmes stopped dead in his tracks. I followed Holmes's line of vision to see that  he was staring at a pile of books lying harum-scarum in a corner of the room, dusty and long unused.
“He had an eye for the gardener too,” Mummy persists, and Sherlock grits his teeth together in frustration. “That little vine weevil ‘experiment’ must have been to get into his good graces.”
They stare at each other, John looking very delectable spread out on his bed.
Holmes slipped the finger shallowly into his mouth, his lips enclosing it, and hummed consideringly. He removed the finger and drawled, “I rather wish that could be bottled.”
“Mrs Hudson, I don’t think it’s possible for this room to be any more festive than it already is. I think there’s a quota on that sort of thing.”
“Yeah. We would mind, actually,” John says flatly.
And the touch of John’s lips is still burned into his skin.
John’s eyes are fixed on the back of the seat in front of him, his chin raised almost in defiance, and on the seat in the space between them lies John’s upturned palm, an unwavering invitation.
“It was a mistake. I became very attached very quickly. As did he.”
When John breaks off the kiss, he skims trembling hands from Sherlock’s face down the sides of his neck (throbbing pulse) until he presses them flat against Sherlock’s solid chest (drumming heartbeat).
John half-laughs, but he notices with some urgency a fast-approaching, titanic wave so he hooks his hands under Sherlock’s armpits, hauls him to his feet, and slides a secure arm around Sherlock’s waist, holding him steady just as mother nature makes its crash landing.
want to get snogged?” Wiggins volleys back.
Finally, at long last, Sherlock is starting to enjoy Christmas.
This is someone, and something, Sherlock cannot afford to lose.
“I suspected it might be.”
This hits a little too close to home, and John’s spiraling again.
John nods sedately and drags his feet down the path.
Sherlock glances at his wristwatch, which reads 19:50. “The shops” close in ten minutes. Sherlock judiciously does not point this out.
,” Sherlock says before he loses his nerve.
For a moment, they just watch each other. Sherlock’s mind is quiet, for a change.
everything.
cottage.”
1889 was to be the best year yet.
“Fun? What fun?”
Janine peers into the kitchen where Lestrade’s leaning against a counter, engaged in a deep discussion with Molly.
After some deliberation, John expectedly chooses a beer, closes the fridge door, and begins his search for the bottle opener.
They watch each other with hooded, unwavering stares, Sherlock making gasping
John leans back into the cradle of Sherlock’s hold, looking enticingly soft and well-snogged. Tenderly, he swipes a thumb over Sherlock’s eyebrow, where a snowflake had been threatening to drop into Sherlock’s eye.
John clears his throat as he kneads a particularly stubborn knot. “Yeah?”
Sherlock looks expectantly at Lestrade, wide-eyed and nearly bouncing on his toes. Lestrade glances over cagily at Janine. “Uh, never mind.”
John grins so widely it hurts.
and mother
John takes a long gulp of coffee. “An alcoholic with neither friends nor family to my name."
“Rosie couldn’t keep her eyes off you,” John says, eyes on his fork as he sinks it into the yieldingly spongy base of the cake. Absurdly, Sherlock wishes he were the cake. “Suppose I don’t blame her.”
“Sherlah!" Rosie shouts, pitching into laughter that's echoed by the children around them. "Owie!”
"You were concerned because I did not reciprocate. Forgive me. I was distracted by the way you were nearly devouring me." I did not know what to say. I was so thunderstruck by Holmes’s words. Holmes cocked his head thoughtfully. "I was rather pleasantly distracted, mind."
In a rare display of emotion, Mycroft gives Sherlock a solemn, meaningful nod. It might as well have been an embrace. But the moment is gone as quickly as it had come, Mycroft pulling the officiant aside to tie up loose ends, finalise some business or other.
A sprinkling shower of sand hits John’s leg, pulling him out of his thoughts.
! A rather pretty little case, wasn't it?—not omniscient and there is only so much in my bailiwick I can utilise. Such are ‘my limits!’ I have traveled to premier universities throughout this great nation and most of Europe hoping to stumble across some nascent brilliance heretofore unknown to society. ‘Perhaps,’ I reasoned, ‘A cure is on the cusp of discovery, hidden in the laboratory of a university. A place where minds are eager to learn and discover!’ Alas, there is not. Mankind is always learning, and time is the greatest teacher of all. For now, I must cope."
Lestrade raises his eyebrows and sighs. “Too right.”
Rosie outstretches her arm toward Sherlock, a cakey, saliva-sheened finger pointing at him. “Sher wants?”
The man unselfconsciously thrusts his hips toward the woman in a comical display, and the woman laughs, spins around, and sways her hips, flashing him a coy look over her shoulder.
“Speaking of,” John says when they pull apart, smiling beatifically. “Shower, first--then let’s get our daughter.”
After Rosie’s been put to sleep (and Sherlock’s washed his face) Sherlock settles in the corner of the room in a hard-backed chair wedged between the telly and his workdesk so he has decent vantage point for observing the merry goings-on.
It’s largely cleaned out of Sherlock’s curios, but a few select ones remain: a statuette of Edmond Locard, a taxidermied dog’s paw, and various entry-level forensics and art of detection books, the likes of which include
, no less--is pitifully low. And while there is significant merit in remaining unattached, Sherlock no longer wants to. (Had he ever wanted to?)
With unsteady hands, Sherlock unbuttons his coat (layers, there are too many
“You have not visited me in many months and you live very near, so forgive me if I am sceptical of your assertion.”
Rosie doesn’t notice John’s departure, remains seated in her patch of grass peering studiously into her new toy, a pair of child-friendly binoculars (advertised, tweely, as “bugnoculars”), and when a breeze sweeps up, whipping her high blonde ponytail sideways in the air, she redirects the binoculars from ground to sky to watch the gently-rocking willow and ash trees, her mouth open slightly in wonder. She looks so very small and innocent, and Sherlock finds himself smiling, overcome with a fierce protectiveness and adoration.
Even though it’d been an entirely unconvincing performance, Mummy eats it up and gathers John into her arms. John becomes a ragdoll, lets himself be hugged mercilessly, blinking SOS in Morse code at Sherlock, but Sherlock can only look on at the assault as a slack-jawed bystander.
“Something on my arm?” John says, glancing down.
A hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and warm, hoppy breath on his ear grounds him back to the present.
“John,” Holmes breathed into my ear, then kissed a spot just behind it. “You are quite something--beautiful, if I may say so.”
“My god, this is a Christmas miracle. Have you just admitted that I’m not a complete idiot?”
The assumption of Sherlock’s paternity is a reasonable one.
“To another 50 years?” John says cheekily.
“You mind watching Rosie for a tic while I grab a coffee?”
in his day. A
. So, after the dance lesson, John had decided not to dwell on the concerning congeries of emotions it had inspired. It’d ended, he’d got married, and everyone had moved on.
, but while you’re here can you hand me the soap? It’s behind the toilet.”
“I will miss you terribly, Holmes,” I said candidly.
“I shouldn’t have to tell you that my son deserves all the happiness in the world.”
John looks at him, blinking off the blur he'd inflicted upon himself with the eye-squeezing, then smiles softly. “But we've gone off topic a bit."
“Oh!” Sherlock says, practically making a running dive onto the bed, sliding into position on his side beside John.
Sherlock thinks bitterly, listening to John continue his stream of invectives from the bathroom. “Boys?”
Sherlock pulls a face. “Ugh. I’d rather not.”
“Yes, certainly another--
He’s also caught off guard by not knowing, decisively, whether he’s more jealous of Mary or of Sherlock, or if he simply wants to edge between them and--
Clearly, John doesn’t mind Sherlock’s unreserved attention because it validates the payoff of his exercise regimen. And maybe John has finally awoken to the fact that Sherlock is attracted to him, and is assuring him, yet again, that
“No,” Sherlock plays along, sounding admirably unstirred. “That shade of green clashes with my shirt.”
Sherlock wishes for the sweet release of death.
“Please, Mary,” he says, and maybe he looks like a fool, begging, but he needs this. He needs Mary. He will go off the rails without her. And he can practically
Sherlock pulls John’s shorts and pants down--thick and flushed cock upstanding against his stomach--just enough to cradle John’s arse, and as he pulls at John’s cock, the idea of tasting John is too insistent to ignore, so Sherlock pushes John’s back against the wall and gets to his knees, his thigh lancing slightly at the aggravation.
“I could think of worse places in which one’s face could end up. Like Mycroft’s arse.”
This seems to effectively preclude Rosie’s fit, and she comes running full tilt at them.
I had not seen Holmes since my wife’s funeral all those months ago. His hair had grown longer, greyer, and was unkempt; he was gaunter, if possible, and dressed in a tattered mouse-coloured dressing gown, one of his dressing gowns I had noticed he was very fond of when we lived together at Baker Street, and a wrinkled nightshirt. He did not look surprised to see me in the slightest. If anything, he looked pleased.
While Sherlock is a master actor, falsifying a relationship with John could be the most difficult disguise he would ever have to assume.
"Mm." Sherlock sits up and rolls off the bed onto his feet with acrobatic panache. "Dangerous," he says with a wink, twirling around toward the closet. John watches Sherlock's bare arse as he bends over to rifle through a box for his treasure.
and sister
I ran a hand through his soft hair. “I would not want you to be anything else.”
Mycroft waggles the envelope impatiently.
We continued our ramble over verdant land that rose and fell like waves, ostensibly sprawling out into a nothingness, until we saw a chalky promontory in the distance. As we stood near the edge, I looked at Holmes, who paid me no mind, eyes closed as he bathed in the whispering sea breeze, and I allowed my gaze to linger, admiring his sharp profile which cut a striking figure against the pearly blue sky. He was as stately and handsome as ever, like a majestic bird, even in his advanced age; the country air was good to him, though it had been just a short time that he’d dwelled there, and he looked less harsh, younger. Since I was finally allowed to openly look at Holmes in that fashion, that is, in gawking appreciation of his curious beauty, I did not know if I could ever stop.
noticed Janine after being wholly absorbed in the hateful John-and-Jamila display for the past 10 minutes. She’s leaning against the window just beside him, looking insufferably smug. With a glance over at Jamila and John, she lowers her voice to say, “That’s got to be shit for you.”
“--used the diamond-dusted ribbon tied around his wife’s Christmas present to cut through the bars and escape his cell,” Lestrade is telling his riveted audience.
Rosie doesn’t like this, of course, and screams bloody murder, pounding her fists angrily against her thighs. Her cries had lured Mrs Hudson from the kitchen to be audience to the melodrama.
John downcasts his eyes and smiles as he reaches around Sherlock--even though there is no need, Sherlock takes up just a small portion of the counter--to deposit the bottle cap and opener on the countertop.
Sherlock flops back onto the bed, pouting. “Have people nothing else going on in their sad little lives and sad little minds? Why do they care so much?”
As the words land, Sherlock is shocked by his brother's overt romanticism.
“Guess it was worth it, in the end,” John says when Sherlock’s finished. “All of that misery led them to each other.”
John snaps his head to the man who'd just spoken. The man, Sherlock Holmes, who will dance to
Holmes looked down blankly at our enjoined hands.
“Sorry!” she says, stumbling over to the counter and sparing a glance at his ID. “Sorry, yes, I actually--I know who you are.’” She offers him a nervous smile. “Dr Watson knows we’re all fans of his blog. And he talks about you quite a bit.”
. All her stuff, all the memories. Most aren’t...good. Obviously. So. I mean, I’m also bored out of my fucking skull." He sighs the sigh of a world-weary man. "Again, maybe not fair to Rosie, yeah, she’s already got playmates in the neighbourhood, and bringing up a child in Chelmsford makes more sense, I guess, than London. More space, families, whatever. But I can’t do it anymore.” He looks Sherlock in the eye. “I want to start over. And, besides, Rosie’s...family is here. So. I hope you’d take pity on me and allow me back in. Rosie and I, I mean. If you’d have us, that is.”
"Oh, sorry." With John's other hand, he picks up the flannel again, gestures at Sherlock's arse with it. "Did you want to--or I can...?"
“A gift,” John says, bewildered.
“She’s grieving, you berk. That’s what people do.”
“So," Sherlock says.
fucking classless. That went too damn far.”
Sherlock must meet John’s mettle.
John looks around Lestrade at Sherlock, who’s maintaining an impressive facade, then back to Lestrade sceptically.  “...Right. Jamila needs to go, so I thought we’d all send her off.”
John’s mouth snaps shut. “Yeah, that’s fair.”
John stops, hangs his head, doesn’t even bother turning around. “What.”
. And, on balance of probability, may have even had flings with
a sweetheart. How is he?”
“That’s...not exactly a bad thing.”
“Then allow me to clarify: I would not be able to abide in a world in which you do not exist. Why would you think you are anything but necessary?”
“And so, it would behoove you to keep in mind,” Mycroft continues smoothly, “that if a former soldier were to be shipped off to such a facility, no one would ask any questions. It would be--”
And then Starr stumbles headfirst into John’s chest, knocking him back a few steps.
Sherlock stares at John.
John unearths it, a floppy bucket hat with eyes sprouting out its sides like ears and a cheshire grin in the centre. It’s a bit unsettling to look at, to be honest, so John doesn’t spare it too much scrutiny as he places it on her head and ties the strings beneath her chin.
“He wouldn’t
“Just--just a second, Mrs H,” John calls back, sounding utterly wrecked.
proximity. John hadn’t moved out of Sherlock’s personal space after acquiring the bottle opener, and a half-step forward would bring them flush together.
“You’ve just said I look the same age as someone who’s 8 years older than me,” John says grumpily. “Not really seeing the compliment.”
“Don’t be a baby,” John says, getting to his knees beside Sherlock. “If Rosie can endure it, you can too.”
Sherlock pushes himself up onto his elbow.
“Dad,
The widower and married woman are now giving each other come-hither eyes as they shimmy at each other, excess skin flapping with each movement.
“That’s a
with a fey flute solo, John sighs and looks at Sherlock, hoping to find commiseration, but Sherlock is otherwise distracted with a thoughtful expression on his face, finger pointed to the ceiling.
Mrs Hudson recovers easily from John’s outburst. “Yes, that’s just fine.”
As if sensing the renewed attention, the paparazzo is emboldened to reveal himself more fully, stepping around the fence and positioning himself a few metres away, his camera raised. “Big fan of you blokes!” he shouts chirpily. “Mind if I ask a few questions?”
Sherlock stops breathing.
“Somewhat, yes. Why, yes. At least somewhat,” I chuntered.
“Yeah. Absolutely. Whatever,” John rattles off. “Shouldn’t, but--yeah, god, please.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock tells Mycroft.
Sherlock’s lip twitches. “Obviously.”
Mrs Hudson tuts. “What a shame. You’d think that profession would only attract the salt of earth types.”
John turns around stiffly. “Then ask it.”
when they’d danced behind closed curtains and doors in the sitting room at 221b, but he had locked it away. Now, that
, going forward,” he says, smug. He’d been listening to John’s conversation with Rosie earlier.
Sherlock doesn’t turn to look at John, fearful that he’ll see something akin to horror on John’s face.
“Yeah?” John says, breathy with want, grabbing at Sherlock’s arsecheeks and parting them, causing Sherlock’s breath to shudder. “Whatever you want. Anything you want.” John kneads Sherlock’s bum, hefts it. “God, I love your arse.”
. “Not sure you can ever truly destroy pure evil.”
“--or seven, really, not counting the years you were fucking
Mummy and Dad bid Sherlock, John, and Mycroft good night, Mummy pressing kisses to Sherlock and Mycroft’s unwilling, upturned cheeks, and wringing the life out of John with a hug. Dad gives everyone a wave and a smile.
Rosie runs that same finger through the frosting and proffers it to Sherlock. “Want more?”
A vibration sounds, and Mycroft pulls out his mobile.
Sherlock tries to restore his composure. “Someone was indeed found in ‘94, but I can’t take all the credit; it was the local constabulary that dredged up the body from the Great Ouse.”
Or had Sherlock not looked,
, Billy?”
Hafiz blinks back at them owlishly.
Mary and Sherlock are together.
in how cushiony it is, but it’s unavoidable, really. If someone’s going to press their arse into John’s cock, well, his cock is going to press back. With enthusiasm.
Sherlock moans as he bounces on John’s skilled and intrepid tongue, and once he wraps his hand around his own cock and gives it a few pulls, he’s gone, whiting out in an explosive convulsion of pleasure.
a first.
“Do it again," Sherlock says breathily.
“Boys? Are you decent?”
It also turns Sherlock on to no end.
Sherlock stills.
I sat up taller, held my head high. "Unquestionably."
“Boys! Time for presents!”
This was my first 5+1 fic, and the longest fic I've ever written; it was a constant companion for the past several months. Hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. :))
After planting a kiss on John’s kneecap, Sherlock resettles between John's legs on his haunches and presses a prim kiss to the head of John’s cock, lips in a moue, before sucking him down.
When he’s gone, John stares blankly at the closed door.
They fall back into silence. A distinctly uncomfortable one, this time.
John lifts his head, eyes shining, the mistletoe slipping from his hand.
And he bloody well hopes it’s a last, because it’s unspeakably uncomfortable. But he has to say
lingerie. “You
“Yeah.”
John snorts rudely. “You are going to see them next week, Sherlock. No bloody excuses.”
John chokes on the expletive when the door flies open.
Sherlock and John have gone out together countless times, mostly to restaurants, rarely to pubs, but it’s all the same.
“You were right,” Sherlock says in a rush.
Across the seat, John gapes at him.
that he would end up alone.”
“You know our father cherishes that sorry excuse for an automobile,” Mycroft continues, unflapped. “Mummy will have your head when she finds out what you’ve done.”
John takes a few steps toward the bed and stutters to a halt, darting his eyes from the bed to Sherlock, as if waiting for permission. Sherlock wriggles to the right, a go-ahead signal, and places a pillow against the wall at arm’s length. John climbs onto the bed beside him, situated against the pillow...and they’re left with an embarrassing, yawning chasm between them. It’s too far for John to see the sketches.
John skitters a sweaty hand up Sherlock’s inner thigh. “Want me to fuck you with my tongue?”
He interlaces their fingers.
Rosie hugs John tight and buries her face into his neck, nuzzling him there. John kisses her hair.
“What’s all this, then?” John says as he steps into the sitting room, curiosity winning the battle against his obstinance.
“What’s this boy talk about, then?” Janine says, waltzing through the kitchen door.
Sherlock removes his arm, uncrosses his legs, and stands up swiftly, feeling intolerably awkward and bared. “Apologies, I took your seat.”
Smiling to himself, John limps his way to the bathroom. He shuts the door and draws the bath, making the temperature fairly cool.
, this pissing fucking car.”
Sherlock gingerly turns onto his other side so he can watch John in his slumber. If Sherlock were to wake up to this sight every day, he wouldn’t need much else. This would be his air.
After an interminable moment, Sherlock looks up and, simply, raises an eyebrow.
“Watson, you’re killing the flowers,” Sherlock calls out.
Sherlock eagerly skates the palm of his hand over the tent in John’s jeans, which causes John to inhale sharply and wriggle a bit in his seat. John has his eyes trained ahead, trying valiantly to keep his naturally expressive face at bay as he grows firm beneath Sherlock’s curious caresses, but when Sherlock bunches up a handful of John’s cock and gives it a squeeze, John falters.
“Of course I want it,” John says, voice a bit too loud. “Of course I want it.”
John purses his lips and contemplates the floor. “Right,” he says.  “Christ, how did I not know that? After all these years?”
“Your cock is
there--when his boot catches on a deep divot that twists his ankle and sends him down like a sack of potatoes, face-planting into the grass.
“Poor dear,” Mrs Hudson says, proceeding to tut up a storm.
“Right. I'm leaving,” Janine proclaims, gathering her things. “Bloody perfect for each other, you two are. You’re both
Sherlock looks at John and jerks a nod in the direction of the door before slinking off into the heaving mass of dancers without a trace.
John fiddles with his empty tumbler, looks anywhere in the room but at Sherlock. “Took me a while to figure out that I wasn’t...straight. It was right around when I started med school; 24, 25. Didn't want to accept it. But I couldn’t ignore it.”
“You’re off your bleeding rocker! This is an assault, you know? I’m going to phone the police--”
“Uh,” John says. “Sorry, I’ll just--move a bit….” He slides himself to the right until the gap is lessened--or, rather,
“This deserves a drink,”  he says cheerily, holding up his glass. “Cheers.” The three of them clink and take their sips; Molly takes the biggest gulp of them all. “You know,” John continues, wagging a finger at Lestrade and Molly. “I always knew you two fancied each other. ‘Bout time, really. All these years.”
“No.”
Lestrade’s eyes widen and he sputters. “Wait, Sherlock, no—“
?” Sherlock snipes.
John seems unable to look anyone in the eye, so he tells the floor, “Thank you, Mrs Holmes, Mr Holmes. That’s--thank you very much.”
“Well, it’s clear that your lack of communication did not diminish the high-esteem in which she held you,” Mycroft says. Then, the slightest bit softer, “You were her favourite.”
John’s running as fast as he legs can propel him, pulse loud in his ears, ball in hand, tryline in sight.
John is shocked into submission, but only briefly.
“Yes, it was very exciting to see how much weight Mycroft gained each term. It was like watching a slowly inflating balloon,” Sherlock says, not daring to look Mycroft’s way. (Sherlock had, at one point in his life, liked Mycroft.)
you,” John is saying, voice rumbling with the portent of danger, as Sherlock carts Rosie away in the opposite direction. “That’s my daughter’s dead fucking mother, you disrespectful piece of shit.”
"Got you,” John whispers into Sherlock's sea-entangled hair.
John is watching Sherlock in a way he’s never done before; as his focus of affection, desire. Sherlock has never had someone look at him this way.
John pushes Sherlock’s head down into the bed with one hand and fingerfucks him with his other until Sherlock’s crying out and coming across the duvet.
I smiled saucily as I ran a hand up an athletic thigh and raised my hips. “What ever gave me away?”
Rosie’s face lights up, sprinting for the dog.
Sherlock does not like disappointing his mother, it’s true. That’s Mycroft’s lot in life.
“You’re tipsy.”
Is John
John's always known it, but he'd often dismissed it as background noise. But now, it's unavoidable. It's too loud. And it shouldn't be like this. It wasn't supposed to be like this. It's not what John had planned for his life's trajectory. And it isn't as if John doesn't love Mary; he certainly does. She's perfect. She’s his rock. She deserves the world.
Once Mycroft’s ascertained the full picture, his lips twitch with blatant disapproval and he says, in a very shocked and bourgeoisie way, “The impudence, Sherlock,
Sherlock’s mind dials down to a peaceful hum as he kisses John in enthusiastic agreement, leads him to the sofa, and they peel off layers of clothes, skin meeting skin, and kiss until it’s Christmas Day.
“From
wish. I don’t know if it’s yours. I mean, I didn’t, really, before. But then, earlier, in the kitchen, I thought--I’m wondering now if it might be yours too.” John slides a hand into his pocket, drawing Sherlock’s eyes to the movement, and withdraws the mistletoe. He turns it over and over in his hand, smiles down at it ruefully. “I wish I didn’t need an excuse to kiss you.”
“We just slept together.”
Sherlock had told him once. Granted, Sherlock had been referring to a serial killer, at the time, which Sherlock is most certainly not (though, that’s not to say he wouldn’t be a doyen of murder if he decided, one day, to wake up on the other side of the law), but John had recognised its dual-purpose.
Sherlock gives her a curt nod, takes his ID, and steps away from the desk.
,” Sherlock says.
This is all a
Has (sort of) died for this man.
Slipping from my grip, leaving me bereft, Holmes moved to retrieve the kettle, but I stopped him, placing a hand lightly on his back. “Allow me,” I said softly.
It’d been...too much.
anyone to interrupt.
“Ah, yes. That rings a bell.”
“Didn’t want to make you uncomfortable.”
“It’s a compliment, darling," Mary says. "I’m saying you look younger than you are. ‘Not a day over 40?’”
,” Sherlock says.
With his free hand, John arcs an olive into his mouth and picks up a second, holding it between his index finger and thumb for Sherlock, an offering.
John struggles to unzip his coat and fling it toward the front of the car, then crawls across the seat, anchors his left hand on Sherlock's right knee, and takes Sherlock into the velvety warmth of his mouth, Sherlock letting out a hitching gasp.
How could he not have seen?
Sherlock narrows his eyes. John doesn't back down from the scrutiny, raises his chin defiantly and schools his face into blankness (in spite of the pulsing foot-pain).
Sherlock would like to keep it all to himself, just for a while.
“O-kay,” John says cautiously. “While this philosophical discussion is happening, I’m going to pour one out to celebrate the fact that I’ve just dodged a kiss with Mycroft.”
Holmes’s elegant and slender hands were no more. I recalled Garrod’s 'Treatise' which I read in the mid-nineties on the subject of what Holmes’s affliction appeared to be. His fingers were enlarged, there was slight radial deflection of the terminal phalanges, and his knuckles were large and nodular. The diagnosis was undeniable.
Sherlock has never been more blisteringly
Sherlock’s stomach flip-flops as he grips the arms of his chair and scowls at Mycroft, but the toffee-nosed gargoyle doesn’t pay Sherlock any mind, too busy channeling disdain at John. Sherlock wills Mycroft to make eye contact. They’ve often been able to communicate without words, and he’d very much like to telegraph a message:
Sherlock scoops up and slides a heaping spoonful of pork belly, tofu, and spicy stew into his mouth, taking his sweet time to swallow and to help himself to a sip of water. “We were discussing your blog," he lies. "She spoke highly of it. Yet another ‘fan’ with questionable taste.”
He’d not allowed himself to think about it until now.
Sherlock turns his head toward John with a grin, verdigris eyes sparkling, pale skin ghostly, limned by moonlight.
That does the trick.
At some point--days, months, even--he feels the bed dip beside him.
Yet another smile, all for Sherlock, after going so long without is like being fed a feast after a famine.
It is every bit as marvelous as he’d hoped it’d be.
But then his eyes meet Sherlock’s, and his grin lessens, softening into something more wistful. Sherlock has the faintest smile ghosting his lips, his eyes gleaming, and it makes John’s heart kick up into a gallop.
Sherlock flops onto the bed, flings an arm across his face. They’ve not even been here 15 minutes and Sherlock’s parents have reduced him to feeling like a Victorian woman who’d taken too much laudanum. “Welcome to the past 40 years of my life.”
to him.
Sherlock stares at it.
John thrusts lazily into the ring of Sherlock’s fist, his cock growing fully plump in Sherlock’s hand, before he rolls onto his back, Sherlock wasting no time to follow, draping himself inartfully over John’s torso and burying his face into John’s neck, deciding he will stay there for as long as he is allowed.
“Oh, absolutely," the woman coos. "Constance positively lives for attention."
“Oh, Jesus,” John groans as Sherlock’s body swallows him inch by inch, and when he’s fully seated, his pelvis flush to Sherlock’s arse, he kisses Sherlock’s shoulder blade and asks, “Okay?”
Sherlock grips the handle of the spoon. “Mummy,
them!”
“Mycroft Holmes,” Mummy reprimands with the authority of a drill sergeant, turning Mycroft into a cowed rabbit. “You know better than to raise your voice to me.”
“I have it on good authority that propositions were made by you to someone who is very much not female.”
THE ADDRESS ONLY TO BE WRITTEN ON THIS SIDE
It’d been too different from his previously focussed, sharp state of mind. It'd blunted the edges of pure chains of reasoning and thought. In a way, the only logical explanation for his altered headspace was, in fact, the encroachment of this very real and all-consuming sentiment.
,” Sherlock whinges.
And Sherlock listens, his heart light.
As with everything in life, Sherlock had beat him to the punch.
"John," Sherlock calls out over the din of voices and music, voice firm.
John takes a step away from her, numb, holding up a halting finger before turning abruptly and marching back to the booth. With a shaky hand, he snatches up Sherlock’s practically untouched tequila shots and drains them, then wrestles on his jacket and heads for the exit.
At that, John comes quite gorgeously in Sherlock’s hand, keening, face twisting, and Sherlock milks him through it, marveling at the sight of John’s semen cascading over his fist.
They must remain in a besotted standoff for aeons, because Sherlock forgets Mrs Hudson is there only until she pipes up with a noise that sounds like a dying animal. “Oh, but just look at you two! I’d give you a big hug if I didn’t want naughty things poking at me.”
He traces John’s jawline with his tongue until he’s at the base of John’s ear, teeth nipping the lobe and purring, “I can’t wait for you to fuck me.”
“That is
him, for god’s sake. They must endure this weekend and come out on the other side with their relationship intact. As Sherlock-and-John: best friends. Because that is all Sherlock has. There is too much to lose.
“As much as it pains me to admit, John, I’m not perfect.”
John smiles sadly. “I don’t think you’re stupid, Greg.”
not--” Sherlock is saying huffily at the same time John says, “Yeah, pretty much.”
John licks his lips and runs a hand through his hair, and maybe he’s finally getting into the thrumming music, allowing his limbs and body more fluidity, pushing and rolling his hips forward, boldly offering a tiny, flirty quirk of lips as his eyes glaze over with
For a minute or so, they watch the star-crossed couple, the old man mouthing the song’s lyrics:
“He was a professor; young, well, relatively young. Closeted, but new to his sexuality. Strict Nigerian immigrant parents.”
John catches Sherlock’s hand and holds it aside, his grip crunching the bones of Sherlock’s fingers together.
“I was getting a top-up,” John says flintily. “And what rules? There are no rules.”
There is no room to think or breathe.
Sherlock waits to see if John’s digested any of that, but all he sees is John growing increasingly disturbed.
“Sherlock,” John blurts, and if it’s a warning or encouragement, Sherlock can’t read.
John returns with his pint and Sherlock’s water in either hand, and a plastic cup of pilfered bar olives between his teeth. He unburdens himself of the cups, sliding Sherlock’s water across the table before removing and hanging up his coat.
Sentiment. Inexorable sentiment.
Sherlock flops into his armchair, throwing an arm across his face and harrumphing.
John sits back in his chair, looking smug. And he has every right to be smug, because his blue and purple gingham button-up, exposing a deep vee of tanned skin dusted with blond hair, is flattering not only in colour, but in fit, clinging to his lean torso like a glove.
Holmes’s eyes met mine with a playful glow. “The sea is, indeed, breathtaking.”
“Shouldn’t have waited so long to ask about moving back in,” John says, quiet, eyelids heavy.
Lestrade affects outrage. “Mrs Holmes! In front of your husband?”
He couldn't possibly love (
,” John says. Projects his voice for Rosie’s sake: “They’re just flowers. They’ll grow bigger and better than ever.”
“Excuse me, everyone,” she says, but it comes out too quiet, a little hoarse. A mere puff of air. No one but Sherlock’s heard. Molly straightens up, rolls her shoulders back and takes a moment to centre herself. Ever tenacious, she tries again. “Excuse me!”
“I’ve never taken you for a coward, Lestrade,” Sherlock goads.
“The final question to ponder,” Sherlock murmurs, deliberately busying himself with shoving the credit cards back into their pockets and clapping the wallet closed. “Is: who was that man after you?”
Lestrade huffs out a pleased laugh. “All right. Great.”
Sherlock, dancing with a woman he’d plucked from the crowd, looks positively
“What, really?" Mary says, sounding both dubious and delighted. "
Sherlock circles his hips, grinding on John’s cock, and moves his legs down, hooking his ankles behind John’s thighs and digging in. “Oh, I
“Sherlock,” Lestrade breathes out, sounding relieved by his interruption, clasping him on the shoulder. “Haven’t had a chance to talk to you today.”
Holmes looked startled by my outcry. I moved to join him on the settee and seeing my intent, Holmes shifted his position so as to allow me to sit beside him. Impulsively, I reached out to take Holmes’s wrist carefully in my hand, positioned the palm of his hand flat atop my palm before bringing the hand up to my mouth and pressing a reverent kiss upon a knuckle. I looked up at Holmes from beneath my lashes. “As not only your doctor, but your friend, please let me assist you.”
Sherlock snaps his head up.
“I’m trying to find this funny,” John says. “Because it should be, shouldn’t it? If this had happened to anyone else, it’d be a laugh.”
“It’s okay, John,” Jamila says stiffly, then hurries down the hall to the toilet.
“Hey. Hey! John? You with me?”
“Do the passenger seat.”
John steps closer, herds Sherlock against the brick and flint of the house, and soon he is close enough for Sherlock to notice his snowflake-dewed eyelashes and eyebrows and strands of hair. Pulse pounding in his ears, Sherlock bows and tilts his head, and his and John’s breaths intermingle in stuttering, vaporous clouds before they close the gap for a kiss.
When he resurfaces, he looks to the distant shore and finds Sherlock and Rosie watching him from dry sand. Sherlock is sitting with his legs stretched out before him, hands braced behind his back, and Rosie is beside him, jumping and waving at John like a little jumping bean. It is
John listens. A man with a gravy voice begins to sing in Portuguese, lightly autotuned, accompanied by a Bach flute solo (apparently) that melds with a Middle Eastern motif against a drumming, slapping bass.
“Surprisingly not horrendous,” Sherlock declares.
didn’t know?” John says, immediately backtracks, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean--”
“We’re spoiled seeing you twice in a week, son.” He glances over at Mummy, who is already flitting around the room talking to herself about meal prep, and adds,
Sherlock swallows him back down and begins to piston his finger inside of John, and the dual sensations, the sight of Sherlock’s beestung, smudged lips stretching around his cock and the brush of finger over his prostate nearly has John flying over the edge.
, yes,” John says, mad with arousal, and curses the barrier of clothing as his hands travel wonderingly over the swell of Sherlock’s arsecheeks, feeling gluttonous and spoiled at the same time. “Turn around. Want to see you
“Christ.” John takes the opener from Sherlock, pries off the bottle cap. He’s standing very close; Sherlock can smell beer, lemon, chocolate, a whiff of cologne, and sweat, and it’s very much an appealing mélange, but Sherlock presses his arse against the counter hard enough to leave a bruise, is practically on his tip-toes, is nearly perched atop the counter in his effort to distance himself as much as possible from John. “My family seem like a bunch of numpties in comparison.”
, which is probably a slang term that John is best left in the dark about.
Sherlock almost feels smug.
As Sherlock’s shutter-blinking and floundering for a response, they’re interrupted.
“Excuse the trite expression, but you were ‘going through a rough patch.’ It’s quite normal to have escapist fantasies in such a circumstance.”
John says pointedly, and Sherlock deflates a little. “And we don’t need a plan. Just go on as you are. Your parents won’t expect us to do anything to prove ourselves. That’d be...weird.”
Sex with John had had all these trappings and then some.
John and Sherlock look at each other at the same time and burst out laughing.
“This is mad, seeing you! You look…” Hafiz’s eyes rove over John’s body a bit too appreciatively for Sherlock’s tastes. “Fantastic.”
The response is so unexpected that Sherlock sits bolt upright.
“Jesus,” John says, beginning to pace again. “
But these thoughts are useless.
John had cheated on her tonight.
I gasped.
“They were...confused,” Sherlock says. “But they didn’t bother me. I made myself scarce.”
“How lovely,” Mrs Hudson coos.
“Let me touch you,” I said drunkenly.
“Why are you assuming
Hee-Eun motions to encompass all of them at the table. “
"Oi! Boss!"
Too embarrassed to call the police, afraid of staining their society reputations, they’d come to Sherlock for help.
about her, so enwrapped in the dancing and Sherlock and--well, Sherlock, mainly, but also this godforsaken raging boner. Almost as if he’s some kind of one-track mind neanderthal.
From his rucksack, John unpacks a sandwich and juice box for Rosie, who has her lunch quietly but vociferously, enraptured by a couple of boys throwing themselves to the ground and rolling down the hill. He takes out a sandwich for himself and offers one to Sherlock, which Sherlock declines.
“Seriously?”
In the early morning hours, he hears Mary crying softly in their bedroom, tiny, wracking sobs that claw at John’s heart. It makes him feel like the most spectacular bastard on the planet.
, and while John has been at 221b more and more often in the past year, it isn’t quite the same as them sharing the flat. John has nothing tethering him to his sad little flat in Chelmsford; Mary is gone, but John remains, prefers to live with her ghost rather than live with Sherlock. It cuts Sherlock to the quick more than when Mary was alive—having John back at 221b is attainable, but John elects not to return to him.
So he simply doesn’t think about it at all.
“That would be the port,” Mycroft oozes, leaning urbanely against the kitchen entryway in a too-formal three-piece suit and observing the festivities with the air of an anthropologist.
Sherlock does not want to entertain the idea that John regrets the kiss.
Before John can register anything at all, Sherlock is pushing him up against the wall and kissing the life out of him.
“You need not convince me,” I said playfully. I placed my hand at the nape of Holmes’s neck, and we kissed, our lips moving in tandem, wet and hot, my heart fluttering.
His lovely wife.
“I feel bad for that woman,” John says.
I thenceforth locked up my practice, returned home, packed a singular luggage bag with basic travel necessities and retreated to the countryside to see the only person I knew could pull me back safely from the brink of desolation—Holmes.
The man looks murderous.
Lestrade is propelled into speaking: “Ellie and I were on the rocks, and I was miserable. You were dead, and John was miserable. We got really fucking pissed--I mean
Sherlock holds his tongue; Mummy seems to have a liberal definition of chat.
“It’s far from rubbish, John. As we all know, extramarital affairs are a common motivating factor for uxoricides--the philandering husband, frustrated with his life, and his wife, may murder her and try to start anew. Typically, a philanderer will lose an average of 3 kilos and/or ‘bulk up’ in order to impress his paramour. By monitoring your progress, I now have a reference for how long an affair could have potentially been taking place based on muscle accumulation in males of your age bracket, a demographic which accounts for 16% of convicted murderers in the U.K.”
Whipping, frosty winds. Numb noses and cheeks and toes. A December funeral isn’t ideal.
John untangles their now sweaty-palmed hands, carefully depositing Sherlock's hand onto Sherlock’s thigh. “You should have a quick kip.”
“Is this theatre quite done?” Mycroft scathes. “I was told, at some point, there would be cake.”
Though...Sherlock never does seem to twig anything. Even when John’s been a bit more obvious, these days. Even when John has finally
Sherlock is a lone man on a park bench watching over a child. He’s statistically less likely to be a paid minder, as a man, especially at his age, and can’t possibly be a kidnapper hiding in plain sight--Rosie shows no discomfort being in his presence. So, yes, Sherlock being Rosie’s parent makes sense, and although Rosie looks nothing like him, it can be assumed that her mother’s genes had won out.
Judging by the lost and perplexed look on Greg’s face, John suspects he’s drifted off for a while.
known John at his most volcanic.
I knew Holmes sought solace in the violin. In the first year of our friendship, Holmes had trouble baring his emotions to me. When he could not express himself properly as Holmes, the man, he would do so as Holmes, the musician. If I could not read Holmes, I could read him by the tone of the piece he had chosen to play.
“No, not--obviously I meant,” John gestures vaguely at the house, “I meant doing things circuitously. Realising we want to jump each other’s bones whilst pretending to be people who jump each others’ bones on the regular.”
“Oh, no--no, not at all, John,” Hafiz replies with overcompensating gusto, at a more than decent volume. “It’s water under the bridge. I know you had a rough go of it. Can’t imagine how hard it must’ve been to still not be out at 29.”
John looks at him, face open and honest and
John glances around the room, looking perplexed. “Where’s my daughter gone? Who left this human-sized frog in my room?”
” She then considers Rosie, who is chewing meditatively on the last of the tteokbokki appetiser. “
One of the rowdier constables, a rough-looking young woman, is beckoning Greg over to the other side of the room, holding up a tray of filled shotglasses like an offering to the gods. It's a siren call that Greg answers without second thought.
Sherlock shoves her hand away and pouts. “You've framed that as if I've had one and want more." He raises his chin defiantly. "Besides, I’m not quite sure what you’re implying.”
In the den, they find John alone on the sofa, gazing into the fire with a faraway expression and Mycroft distracted by his mobile, looking elephantine in an antique rocker that’d clearly been built for a far less statuesque person. Dad is nowhere to be found.
Holmes snorted loudly. “Of course not! Now, hold your elbow out more, slide the bow carefully, carefully—ah, no. It seems I will be living vicariously through your screeches. I shall have you ready to perform at St. James Hall in a century at this rate!”
John’s sympathetic touch had become muddled with Sherlock’s sentiment. Sherlock had almost
“So delicious,” Sherlock says, painting his right cheek with frosting, then dipping a finger back into the cake to paint the left. “Am I doing this right?”
"And I should be humbled to accept any and all of what you offer me," he said, somewhat strained with emotion.
“Swimly?”
But there is simply no earthly reason why they wouldn’t, at any point, talk about it.
They’d gotten much too close in bed.
But it’d been said, and all Sherlock can do is wait and see how John takes it. And prepare for the worst.
When John raises his eyes, the look on Sherlock’s face is Sherlockian scrutiny, but of a different kind.
Sherlock steps over, hesitating for the briefest moment before pressing himself against John’s back and sliding his arms around John’s waist.
Sherlock swallows. “Between thinking and doing--one has far more culpability, John.”
Kissing is suddenly not enough, so Sherlock rips off his gloves, shoves them into his pocket, and begins to undo John’s belt. Exposed to the nippy air, Sherlock’s bare hands go numb, his fingers stiff, but it doesn't matter. He may have never been more determined to see something through in his entire damn
“Watson, stop lurking in the shadows like some common prig scoping out his victim,” Holmes interrupted my musings, his eyes remaining shut, smirking around the pipe’s mouthpiece.
Holmes had stepped out from behind a stack of boxes, and looked genuinely surprised by my appearance.
Why--” his voice hitches, rage suddenly blunted by hurt, “why would you do that to me?”
John had had Sherlock on his hands and knees last night, it’d been erratic and rough, and they had both come far too quickly.
The change of scenery brightens Sherlock’s mood as well, and he chatters at John about Renaissance motets, playing a personal favourite of his on his mobile to demonstrate the genre’s artistry. John is attentive and curious, but misses the subtle complexities of the piece entirely.
“Doing my best.”
With the force of a lorry slamming into his chest, Sherlock is reminded that he would die for this man.
John keeps his eyes shut, his body singing with need.
“Jesus,” John punches out, reeling backwards but maintaining his foothold, catching Sherlock by the arm.
John smiles, and it has a quality of sadness. “So someone has. Before.”
“I just do.”
Sherlock can’t quite picture himself as a husband to anyone, let alone to John. And the image of him as a father: that's even murkier.
“Because...you’re you.”
Hafiz looks sheepish. “I’ll come clean, John. I
Sherlock is thoughtful. “Oh, you know. 3,294 days?”
Besides.
The case is a quick and dirty one, lasting just a few hours.
POST CARD
? Why clearly?”
“You might,” Holmes breathed, sounding as equally affected as I.
sister, grandmother,
I kissed his throat and my finger found its way between his buttocks. He moaned wantonly, a sound so foreign to the Holmes I knew but so entirely welcome, and bucked his hips up into my fist. Soon he was manoeuvring us toward my armchair, pushing me so that I fell down onto the cushion, then climbing onto my lap.
They hadn’t answered his question, and he doesn’t know what to make of their two-man act, is adrift at sea. So it's unsurprising when he makes up an excuse, says his goodbye, and disappears into the depths of the museum.
“Mr Holmes!” A woman's overeager voice. “I heard you were dining with us and I had to come and see you for myself! I'm Hee-Eun; this is my restaurant. We're so pleased to have you.”
“No,” Sherlock says firmly. Then, in an embarrassingly unwieldy sort of way, “It’s, um, quite--very, rather--fine. It’s--good. However, there’s a--we have company.”
“Sherlock, you don’t have to--”
“Oh, hell,” John says after the fourth peck. “What time is it?” He sits up, wipes his hand on his chest. “We’ve got to get Rosie; Mrs H will think I’ve forgotten I have a daughter.”
“He’s here,” Sherlock says.
“Look at the pretty bird,” Sherlock says, overloud, pointing at a green parakeet that had landed on a branch jutting out into the pathway. It does the trick, Rosie gawping and reaching out for the animal. “A parakeet, also known as
“I’m sorry,” she says. “I’ve gone and spoilt everything, haven't I?”
John doubles over and braces his hands on his knees, hanging his head, all too grateful for a moment to catch his breath. After his breathing gentles, he lifts his head in the direction of the bleachers, where girlfriends, wives, Greg, and Sherlock, Rosie perched on his knee, sit.
“He did say that would be his fate.”
“Yes, I will take you home every so often when your father’s job necessitates it, since this went over swimmingly.” He casts a look at the receptionist, who drops her head guiltily. She’d clearly been watching his and Rosie’s entire exchange.
, Sherlock.”
“First I’m hearing of it,” John says, and Sherlock flushes.
Mummy smiles placidly and pats his arm. “I’m glad to have chatted with you about this.”
Sherlock takes a moment, at the apex of the hill, to drink in the vista: a hodgepodge of austere Medieval buildings dwarfed by glittering skyscrapers. There is a discordance in this marrying of the old and the new, but there is also beauty, an enormity in its union. There is history, rich with art and people, though often bloodied and
John presses up, deepening their kiss, and then their mouths begin to move in frenzied tandem, tongues lick along tongues, bullish breaths spurt out of noses, moans and groans, and Sherlock writhes on top of John’s body, clumsily finds their cocks and aligns them, begins to pump his hips.
Sherlock takes the few steps toward John, bringing with him a fragrant breeze of poncy, lavender bath product and sweat, and ducks his head by John’s ear. “Bach,” he says with the proper harsh fricative, letting out a puff of hot breath. “Partita in A minor.”
makes him feel connected to John on another level.
“Nah, I’m a simple bloke; just old fashioned saliva for me, thanks.”
Sherlock thinks he should be offended.
John turns his head left, then right, very deliberately, so everyone understands his position on the matter. He adds a “Nope" for extra clarity.
When John sits back, he looks down at the wilted leaf and twirls the stem between his fingers with a pensive expression. “Didn’t suit you, really.”
“Incredible,” Dad gushes.
They probably won’t have to “prove themselves,” which Sherlock assumes would involve some degree of physical intimacy. Over the years, anyone from strangers to close associates had mistaken him and John for a couple, and they hadn’t even been
have been keeping tabs on you.”
“I’ve got it,” John blurts.
The gesture is so innocuous, but at the same time so very heavy; it could be a question, an accusation, or even a proposition. But John won't allow himself to think about it.
“Then the solution is simplicity itself. Come with me.”
“I don’t need to look,” Sherlock says, then takes a sip of his wine.
“I got a question.”
Sherlock falls perfectly still.
John chases after Sherlock’s hand, interlaces their fingers.
Sherlock wrinkles his nose at the images this conjures.“A welcome reprieve for them both, as he’s been alone for two years and the woman’s husband is a habitual cheat.” A few biddies drinking rosé and seated at a booth near the dance floor are watching the couple, tutting, all disapproving-like. The woman’s husband is certain to have word of tonight’s scandalous display by tomorrow afternoon at the latest. “But she likely hasn’t wanted to break it off because she receives half of his pension; she knows he wouldn’t make the allowance for her were they to terminate the marriage.”
“Come to think of it,” Mummy contemplates John, “you rather like yourself a bit of rough,” looks at Sherlock, “don’t you, darling?”
In deathly silence, we sat sipping tea until I assumed Holmes fell victim to
Sherlock relaxes, uncoils himself, raises his head toward John.
“I’ve had my fair share of heartbreak, Sherlock. It’s shit, but it’s not something to be ashamed of. It means you loved. Not everyone falls in love.”
Sherlock darts his eyes at her and back in a flash. “Trying not to seem like she is, but yes.”
, John,” Mummy is saying, her voice thick with emotion, rubbing circles into John’s back. “Thank you so very much.”
In short order, they’re fighting over the bill (Sherlock wins, as usual) and are on their way back to Baker Street. In the cab, Sherlock holds Rosie in his lap so she can poke her head out of the window like an excitable puppy, hot humid air pillowing her face.
"Yes, yes, one of the few left in the world, expensive and delicate and all that. I am well aware, you have told me more times than I can count. And I am handling it perfectly well, thank you," I said, irritated. I began to tune the instrument, Holmes scolding me with every wrong turn of the pegs. Once Holmes was satisfied, the violin in tune, the bow rosined, I positioned my chin on the chin-rest, awkwardly held the violin and rested the bow on a string.
Why hadn't he told her how much he appreciated her?
“It’s ancient history, John.”
Sherlock turns his attention back to John, whose body is stiff, hands clenching nervously at his sides. Based on the man's age and profession, Sherlock suspects he had been a schoolmate of John’s, and apparently one of whom had caused John some grief.
When the aftershocks pass, he finds that his shirt and the sex-fogged window behind him are spattered with come.
I love you so fucking much, Sherlock.”
John slides a hand up Sherlock’s flat stomach to his hard chest, slides his fingers sideways underneath the opening of Sherlock's shirt, splaying his finger's against hot, slick-sweaty skin.
“Think so, yeah. God. Feels like another lifetime.”
He could really get used to it.
The question is loaded, to say the least.
Holmes was smirking at me. "I have no expectations whatsoever."
The room falls silent. Sherlock doesn’t move a muscle of his face, but he feels a fondness bloom within.
“He hurt you,” John says, voice soft.
Sherlock pulls back and slams John into the wall.
Thankfully, John isn’t looking at him, is sliding the sketch paper out of Sherlock’s hand to examine it more closely.
John gulps down his whiskey and Sherlock stares at him, following his every movement with hawkish interest.
My muddled brain took a moment to catch up. “Yes, it’s all right? Or yes it’s painful?”
Appalled?
“Of course you didn’t hear it,” Sherlock blusters. “An average listener wouldn’t notice the key shift in Lassus’s chromatic harmonies--”
“So?”
Once he’s naked (freed) from the waist down, John collapses back onto the seat and strokes himself with great urgency--but that won’t do. Sherlock wants to
“Mm, lovely. Hopefully there wasn't a ‘you’re a fucking moron’ squeezed in there,” John says blithely. “I’m guessing your grandmum taught you.”
been able to figure out what Sherlock wants when it comes to the more tender qualities of life. Or if he wants to acknowledge and indulge in
Sherlock is flattered that John talks about him, and “quite a bit,” at that. But what, precisely, does he say? For all of his talents, sadly, Sherlock has not yet perfected the art of omniscience.
. It reminds John that all of this, this selfish and strutting display of cleverness, the fake suicide, the two-year disappearance act, had all been to make a mockery of
In the ticking-motor hum, they stare at each other.
This is John’s particular way of offering comfort in grief.
John’s expression, pinched with unvarnished affection, tugs at Sherlock’s heartstrings.
After sparring with a violent librarian who’d plucked a child from his library’s weekly storytime circle and stored the girl--alive, at least--in his basement, John bullies Sherlock into the bathroom at 221b to doctor the shallow knife gash running a line up the top of Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock perches atop the toilet lid in his pants and a t-shirt while John sits on his knees to clean and dress the wound.
Mémé was quite aloof in her parenting, for one, but it was Mémé’s affair with Flora whilst married to Sherlock’s grandfather that caused the greatest rift in mother-daughter relations, though Sherlock had always thought it a forgivable indiscretion. To be a lesbian trapped in a marriage with a man for three decades--he could do nothing but sympathise with her plight. And yet Mummy’s held a grudge for all these years.
Sherlock levels him with a murderous glare. “Not if I get to you first. And trust me--you’d prefer John to do the job. At least someone would find the body.”
“No,” John agrees, tipping his head back against the seat, looking straight ahead with a faint smile. “No, it wasn’t. When it was good, it was incredible.”
It’s the face that invaded his nightmares, his dreams, for the past 2 years. Hopeless, crushed bone, bloodied: mangled by pavement. But also: sparkling genius, best friend, partner--in crime.
“Stop it, Siger,” Mummy says, swatting the air. “The boys don’t want to know about all that.”
No such luck.
being complacent.
"You did what needed to be done for the Work."
He breaks into a grin. “Then get the hell over here and give it to me.”
“It was a new development,” Holmes said. “I’ve only just decided to officially retire, though I have had my eye on a pretty little
Everyone’s several drinks deep. Mrs Hudson is chatting animatedly with John and Jamila, but Jamila is only half-listening to her, more interested in rubbing circles into John’s thigh.
