Oh, right. Okay, he can do this. Dean goes into their room, the panties still clutched in his hand. He sets them on the bed and does the quickest job he’s ever done lighting the fireplace. He makes his way back to the bathroom, peeling off his clothes as he goes. Cas bought him panties, Cas wants him to wear them and enjoy them and holy shit—Cas is going to get off on this too and just the idea of it—It’s overwhelming.
“You’re welcome.” Turning towards the small box of clothes Castiel keeps downstairs for Pug’s walks, Dean plucks out the pink hoodie and holds it up. “Kinda cool out today,” he advises. Dean’s wearing a few layers himself; a navy blue canvas jacket covers a grey t-shirt with some kind of graphic hidden underneath. There’s a blue and purple flannel tied around his waist and his tight black jeans have rips at the knees and a splotch of maroon paint on the left shin. Castiel thinks it’s shaped kind of like a heart.
thought, Dean reassures himself that he isn’t missing out, not when Cas is looking beautiful right beside him in the jungle.
Castiel smiles at him in the mirror and makes a show of fixing his hair, flicking it off his forehead and smoothing the sides back.
“Not a smoker, I’ll tell you that much.” Dean made sure of that, did that whole thing where he made Sam smoke a whole pack, except his lightweight little brother only got through two before he threw up. He never touched them again.
Dean scowls, but he nods. He’s fine with the daily vitamin but did Emma have to get him the bottle that has
Cas is the one that breaks them apart and Dean chases his lips, collapsing dramatically against Cas’ hand pressed to his chest. It gets him what he wants, Cas’ lips on his, tipped up in a smile, but only for a second before he’s leaning back in to Dean’s ear.
When Dean pulls away, Castiel realizes how tightly he’s holding him. He relaxes his hands and pets Dean, hoping he didn’t hurt him. When Dean slides to the seat next to him, Castiel feels the emptiness immediately.
They said goodnight to everyone, exchanged a few last hugs and congratulations, and watched Ash and Baz slip upstairs, laughing together.
She barely pauses to take a breath, telling him how much her and Claire have been doing together, how they have plans to hang out a lot when school starts and Claire’s living in the dorm, how Jack’s gonna make her a robot that will clean her makeup brushes.
Dean sticks his hand out in greeting as Karamo and Jonathan approach. “Welcome, fellas! Glad you found us okay,” he says before he’s quickly pulled into a strong hug by Karamo. He huffs a laugh and slaps his back.
Dean could stare at this all fucking day, tied to Cas, and listening to the noises Dean’s fucking out of him. Fuck practice, fuck Cut Day, fuck all their responsibilities— the only thing that matters is Cas. Dean needs to taste him though, and he cups Cas’s face with his hand, Cas’s stubble rubbing rough against his palm as Dean guides their mouths together for a kiss that burns his lips, Cas’s moans beginning to border on desperate. Dean wants to give Cas everything, wants to make him feel incredible, and taking Cas’s cock in hand, Dean finds him hot and wet and fucking throbbing while Dean strokes with quick tugs, his thumb sweeping over Cas’s dripping tip every few jerks, just like he knows his fiancé loves.
The Sparrow isn’t the closest bar to Dean’s dorm, but it is the only LGBT friendly bar that won’t blink twice at Dean’s fake ID, which he flashes at the bouncer before holding the door open for his best friend and closest confidant, Donna Hascum. She’s another local like Dean, and they’ve been “besties”, as Donna likes to say, since they were kids, living only a few houses apart and being the same age, bonding over their bikes and a combined annoyance at the existence of younger siblings.
The minute Dean steps off the stage, he’s surrounded by handlers and Sam’s there too, a head taller than everyone else. He pushes his way through the crowd and presses a water bottle into Dean’s hand.
All that matters is Cas, and his safety and his happiness and Dean will spend the rest of his life making sure he gets everything.
He’s happy to shoot the shit with the guys for a while, Benny telling him about his cajun restaurant down in Baton Rouge that Dean promises to visit if he’s ever in the area. He hears about Victor’s job in the FBI in the vaguest of terms (but even those are still pretty awesome), and Andy’s expanding number of medical marijuana stores in California. Garth keeps the beers coming; he was always the best manager the team ever had and before Dean knows it, an hour has gone by and dinner is being served.
“Yes, it's nice to meet you, too. Castiel speaks highly of you.” Inias cleared his throat. “Well, I should be going. Are you staying for the summer, Castiel?”
Anytime he used to wear shorts, or walk around the house in his skivvies as a kid, his dad used to tease him by saying Dean would be three inches taller if he could straighten his crooked legs. Like it was something within Dean’s control.
“Fuck—Cas, please,” Dean begs before pulling them together and taking Castiel’s mouth in a heated kiss. If Castiel thought he was going to last any longer, he's sadly mistaken. Dean's hot tongue exploring his mouth is Castiel’s undoing.
“Mary! Take Dean upstairs, Cas is up there and he’s bleeding. That son of a bitch was beating on Naomi and hit him.” His dad grabs his coat and runs out the front door. Dean’s scared, for his dad, for Cas and his mom. He runs upstairs with the ice clenched in his hand and throws his door open.
He stood outside their room and looked at the sign on the door. It read their names: Dean Winchester and Castiel Novak, along with a pentagram in the middle of a ring of flames that Cas drew. He explained to Dean it was a protection symbol that would ward off any evil trying to enter their room. Dean didn't think it worked considering Sam could walk through the doorway.
“I don’t hate my birthday, I’ve just—”  For some reason, tears well in Castiel’s eyes and he takes a sharp breath to keep them from spilling over. He swallows them back thickly. “It’s never been special to anyone but me and that gets tiring so it’s easier to say it’s not a big deal.” He shrugs again to fight off his vulnerability.
. As obnoxious as that is, Castiel considers it time to formulate his argument. Who knows what the next few weeks are going to look like for Claire and he supposes he can expect a few more sleepovers in her future.
Dean leans into Castiel’s personal space. “I hope you find your stay very accommodating, Mr. Milton,” his voice is low and hot against Castiel’s ear.
The store is bustling, packed with customers, and family, and friends and aside from never seeing it this full, Castiel’s finding it hard to wrap his head around the fact that all these people are here, in support of him. It’s humbling, to realize how far he’s come, and how much he’s gained, just by returning to the place he always considered to be the closest thing to home he’s ever had.
Castiel dismisses the thought and checks his reflection in the mirror that hangs next to the front door for the last time. His hair is behaving, but he gives the back a pre-emptive smooth down for the last time. The cobalt blue of his button down brings out the color of his eyes and a small part of him hopes Dean notices.
Dean’s eyes widen. He keeps a loose tally of how many he’s thrown in his head, but he wasn’t expecting this.
Cas takes a step back, putting space between them but not taking his hands from Dean’s hips. He wrinkles his forehead in concern. “Is everything okay?”
Dean drives them home, Cas under his arm and the lights of the Bay Bridge shining in their windows. Cas looks ethereal under the white light and Dean holds him tighter, sighing when Cas tips his head up to kiss Dean’s jaw.
They’re hiking under hulking trees that hide noisy animals too, Cas pointing out at least three different monkeys that Dean only catches flashes of, and one huge
It didn't take long for Cas to groan and grip Dean's hair with both hands. Dean looked up at him through his eyelashes. Castiel’s head was thrown back into the pillows, the long column of his throat exposed.
Which is why most of their walk is spent with Pug being pet and cooed at, his little tail flipping the whole time. It’s a cloudy day, so he’s still wearing his hoodie, adding to his charm. Back home, Pug runs for a quick drink of water, his little feet slipping over the hardwood before he trips snout first into the pillow he’s trying to climb on. Castiel huffs out a laugh when he finally makes it, only to burrow right under his purple blanket, the one covered in rainbows, only his little rump, tail, and hind legs sticking out, exhausted from an influx of cuddles, no doubt.
six legitimate excuses to bail early but before he can execute any of them, he hears a shriek, followed by, “Dean Winchester, is that you?!”
“Yes, Dean is from Lawrence, and I'm going to continue tutoring, so we will be around.” Dean felt warm hearing Cas talk about them, including Dean even if Inias hadn't asked about his plans. Dean tightened his hold around Cas. “Maybe we'll see you around.”
“He’s not quite big enough to be alone so I’ll ask Claire to come babysit, not like she probably won’t be here anyway.”
, you guys have no idea,” Jonathan tells them. “I just hope he keeps up his haircuts and doesn’t let Dean cut his hair anymore.”
The words caught in his throat as he sang, his fingers stumbling over the keys. Dean looked back down at the piano and tried to focus.
“That so?” Gabe grabs his own beer out of the fridge. “And what kind of couples costume will you two be doing?”
Dean does not give a shit. His best friend is a big girl and she can get home safely and Dean has himself to worry about.
Dean waits for Castiel by the door, hand held out which Castiel takes without hesitation. In his other hand, Dean holds a hoodie. “I’m gonna run Pug down, you wanna start the coffee?”
A chorus of greetings from the three women drown out Castiel’s hello, but Garth focuses on him anyway when the ladies go back to their conversation, long past anything Castiel could even hope to understand by now.
Cas goes back to reading, totally engrossed, and he doesn't notice when Dean takes a few steps back. It doesn't even register when Cas glances up, amused. “You'll have to tell me about the bet.” He's back to reading before he sees Dean's grin.
Cas demands that Dean explain, and he goes into detail about the outfit—the unassuming white Polo shirt with the schools rocket logo on the pocket which was fine, until you got down to the red shorts, which were, in fact, short—above the knees, like Dean wanted to just flash those around. Thankfully, white tube socks with red stripes covered most of his legs, but Dean still wore the red sweatsuit more often than not, even if it kinda sorta flashed his junk when he walked. No one should be looking at that, but Dean bought some tighter underwear after he caught his reflection at the end of the first day.
Not many people know this, but Dean Winchester loves Halloween. Thanksgiving comes a close second (only because of the food) but Halloween is fucking awesome. First, candy. Second, spooky shit and scary movies and third, fuckin’ costumes.
They snack and talk about the next day’s plan, Sam and his family due to arrive in the morning. They flew in that afternoon and spent the evening getting settled at their hotel with Mary, a now a very mischievous three-year-old and baby Maura, seven months old tomorrow. Dean’s really excited to see them all and he’s planning to get up early and cook up a huge breakfast for everyone.
Stony! We’re not having this conversation again, Cas!” Charlie is—well, shrill and Dean grimaces. Cas pissed Charlie off good over this one.
Dean’s the only one who can put Castiel back together again. He’s the only one Castiel would trust to do so, in any case.
Cas jacks him, pressing the tip of Dean’s cock to his lips. “You taste as good as you look,” he says, dipping his tongue into the slit and moaning filthily. Christ, Dean’s gonna lose his shit if Cas does that again and he doesn’t think he can hear things like that and survive this. Cas already looks like a fucking porn star on his knees and when he swallows Dean down again, Dean moans low and tilts his hips up to push his cock deeper into Cas’ mouth. Cas grips him and pulls off with a gasp, panting hard against Dean’s shaft, his cheeks flushed, his eyes shut.
“Ah, don’t let that old grouch scare you, he’s all bark. Likes to think he’s some kind of muscle for these things, but he’s just grumpy and anti-social.”
His classroom clears out, the door clicking shut behind the last student. Dean comes around to stand in front of his desk, leaning against it as Novak takes his time packing his bag—not like he fucking took notes or anything.
They can hear the door shut and they exchange one last quick kiss before Sam and Charlie join them. Dean steps forward and puts a hand on Cas’ hip.
Dean has to remind himself that he's going to get what he needs tonight, and it will be worth the wait.
Jimmy’s shoulders shake with silent laughter and Castiel smiles; they haven’t really bantered at all lately. He can’t remember the last time, actually.
Sam is already lowering the tailgate when Dean reaches the truck. Cas had driven them to Strawberry Hill that morning to pick up the tree he and Dean picked out last week. The seven foot Fraser Fir will look amazing in their living room and Dean can’t wait to decorate it.
They settle in lawn chairs and stare at the flames, silence settling between them. It's comfortable and Castiel is thankful for it. Having Dean around has always calmed the storm in his mind and he realizes how much he’s missed it.
It's why Bobby’s already at Castiel and Dean's the morning of the reveal, putting the finishing touches on the house. He and his crew had worked late into the night but after a few hours of sleep, Bobby’s back at it. Dean left a few hours before sunrise, having spent almost the entire day before at the house, an extra pair of hands on call for whatever Bobby needed.
“I’ve listened to your tape three times,” Castiel blurts out, needing Dean to know, now that he’s shared his story.
“Dean, darlin'! You made it, I’m so glad!” Her cheeks glow when she glances between them. “And you brought a friend—Oh! It’s you, the nice man with the precious little pig.”
Dean kissed him, Cas’ lips salty from the tears. “We've got ten years to make up for. My biggest regret would be if we wasted anymore time apart. One mistake will not define us. I want to be your husband. And I want you to be mine. Please?” Dean held the ring up and Cas nodded vigorously. His heart felt like it was going to burst.
He hooks two fingers under the band to pull them down, Cas’ thick cock springing free and bobbing between them. Dean licks his lips and Cas moans when Dean presses them to the head of his cock. He looks up to find Cas staring, his chest heaving and his bottom lip clamped between his teeth.
Cas says nothing as Dean passes it to him and he opens the envelope with care. The moon is bright enough to read by, and Cas’s eyes widen as he reads the first line about the Impala.
He ignores it in favor of those leather pants and what he knows to be under them. He's impatient. Castiel wants to rip those pants off with his teeth, not sit here and make small talk.
Sam’s arm dropped to his side, his eyes narrowing as he glared at Dean. “So glad I’m finally going to have my own room. Jerk.”
Cas comes first, a filthy moan falling from his mouth, his head falling back. Dean drags his lips across Cas’ long neck and follows when Cas’ hot come spreads between them. Dean imagines electricity sparking where their skin meets and he closes his eyes and enjoys the sensation for a while. A kiss to his chin drags his eyes open to see blue.
They’re a family, and every single obstacle the universe threw at them before they got here, they handled together, just like every single thing they’ll end up facing. Castiel’s not afraid of the unknown of the future, not like he used to be, not with Dean and Pug by his side.
Castiel looks back and forth between him and Bobby nodding in wonder. “This is incredible Bobby,” he says, taking in the rest of the room. “Dean might faint when he sees this, for sure when he sees that oven.”
Dean said he was fine, and he proves just how fine he is by using his slider to get his next out and he’s pretty much showing off when he retires the last Yankee batter with a beautiful, floating curveball; the spin of it so perfect, the laces form a solid red circle as the ball hurtles towards home plate. The snap of Cas’s glove as he catches the ball is almost as satisfying as the way the batter spins around in an attempt to hit it and the guy is so mad, he vents his frustration by snapping his bat over his knee on the way back to his dugout.
“I’d be happy to read anything before you turn it in.” He may not know what it’s about, but Castiel isn’t bad with a red pen, especially if it’s for a class assignment.
Sam tugs at his black tank top, his finger going through a hole along the hem. His cargo shorts are pretty broken in and he’s wearing a pair of those ugly hiking sandals, but he’s tan, and his arms are very bulgy like he’s specializing in pull ups and not the environment. Dean can’t deny that this is the healthiest he’s ever seen his brother.
He looks up into the astonished blue eyes of his boyfriend. They’re flicking between Dean’s face and the Zumba studio he just came out of and then a slow smile grows as Cas takes the rest of him in. One of Cas’ hands slides up his arm, curving over his bare bicep and curling to rest on Dean’s shoulder. Cas’ grin is turning wicked. “Hello.”
Cas’ sigh is heavy, like it weighs a thousand pounds. “I wasn’t—look, one rejection letter is bad enough. But eight?” His shoulders slump. “I only applied to ten schools, you know that.”
A tiny chainsaw like snore comes from inside his jacket and Castiel glances down at the sleeping pig. “He won’t mind,” he replies with a shrug, quickly unwrapping his food. The bagel is golden brown but soft and filled with fluffy eggs and melted cheese, along with a generous helping of crispy bacon that sticks out from different sides. It looks as incredible as it smells.
With an appreciative hum, Cas steps into the bathroom, coming up behind Dean in the mirror. His large hands slide around Dean’s hips, his fingers pressing against Dean’s skin. “All of us being together is nice but I think this is my favorite part of living together.”
“I just wanted to make sure,” Gabriel whines and Dean grins. Cas is gonna let the asshole off the hook, but he always does. Dean's gonna have to fuck with him though, for the man whore comments.
Predictably, they don’t get far without being stopped by someone who wants to say hello to Dean which means Dean introducing them to Castiel. He finds he doesn’t mind the intrusions at all because during each one, Dean
Dean sighs and grabs Cas’s other hand, making his blue eyes widen. The day is bright, and they’ve been walking so long that it’s been
“You’re funny,” Dean comments before he picks his sandwich back up. “You had me goin’ there for a second.”
Cas furrows his brow. “Dean, that's hardly on our way even a little, a detour like that would delay us—”
Finally a picture of Castiel’s face and it’s the worst one yet, the one that makes Dean’s stomach flip in a way he’s not ready to think about. Cas is grinning, his bottom lip between his teeth because he fucking knows he looks good. He’s wearing his glasses, black and square framed and so fucking sexy, Dean can’t think straight. His hair is wild, like he’s been pulling his hands through it and Dean knows why Novak’s in his house.
“Oh honey, you told our baby Antoni, you better believe we already know about it. And we are so thrilled for you but this, this is just you, us, and your best friend getting
Dean doesn’t care where they live, as long as they’re together, which is why he’s sitting this discussion out. It doesn’t matter though, because Bobby shows up halfway through and asks for Dean to join him and Ellen. In private.
Dean received an acceptance letter for the Ag program from the University of Wisconsin a few days before and was waiting to find out which schools Cas got into before telling him. The day the letter came, his grandpa wired them the first year’s tuition, claiming they had one of the best programs available, essentially sealing Dean's fate.
It's safe, and it's theirs, and Dean only wants them to strengthen their already unbreakable bond when he interrupts Cas as he’s talking about tuning up the Impala before they go, a topic Dean can usually listen to Cas talk about for hours (it’s so hot).
“I know of one, as well,” Jimmy replies, distracted by the bank statement he’s reading. He does a double take when he sees the amount, and he brings the paper closer to his face. “This can’t be real—Castiel, is this
Dean gets a deep kiss for his trouble and he cards his fingers through Cas’ thick hair. Cas strokes Dean’s cheek with his thumb and hums into his mouth before he breaks them apart. “You’re incredible, Dean.”
Dean drops them off at Charlie’s, Sam’s borrowed Zipcar sitting in front of her apartment. Dean stops them before they climb out. “Look guys, I like him. And I really hope you do too.”
The two of them catch Jonathan’s eye as he fluffs one giggling girl’s hair. He nudges Karamo, whose gaze follows his before looking back at Jonathan with a knowing glint in his eye.
John Winchester is waiting for them, leaning against the hood of the Impala. His arms are crossed over his chest and his face is grim, and it only hardens more when he glances down at Dean and Cas’s joined hands.
Dusk has settled over the park, infusing the grassy area they occupy with rich, warm, yellow light, the fading beams of light reminiscent of days past in this very park. The only difference is, Castiel doesn’t have a book to bury his nose in until the light dies. He finds he doesn’t mind that he’s without one tonight, especially when his eyes sweep the crowd, only to find Dean in it.
Dean stared into Cas’ scared eyes. Ten years of loneliness and this man in front of him was all he ever saw. Yes, mistakes were made, but this was
Tan waits, stretched out on the new beanbag chair, Karamo joining him. They both react appropriately when Castiel comes out of the closet, both of them making appreciative noises and jumping to their feet to fuss with him.
Cas stiffens and Dean waits him out. He keeps moving his thumb against Cas’ pulse point, over and over and Cas breathes hot against Dean’s neck.
Dean promises to send them all a copy but keeps the photo to himself for the time being, not quite wanting everyone to see that instead of smiling into the camera, his eyes are glued on Cas because truth be told, he’s been glowing with joy and Dean hasn’t been able to stop staring at him all afternoon.
With shaking hands, Cas opens the box, one going up to cover his mouth when he sees the simple gold band inside, inlaid with a row of small diamonds. The tears swimming in Cas's eyes spill over when he looks up and finds Dean, hopeful, and wanting to give him everything.
Dean hitches his bag up his shoulder and pockets his keys, taking three big steps across the threshold and up the stairs to get to Cas. Dean gets his hands on Cas as quick as he can, pushing his shirt up and pressing wet, open mouth kisses to his stomach and hips. Cas’ skin tastes like clean sweat and Dean drags his nose over it, breathing in smoke and incense from the yoga studio. It tastes heavy on his tongue and Dean wants more.
The entire walk back across campus, Dean goes over what he’s gonna say to Cas, knowing the best thing is to give him the normal ‘that was a fun, one-time thing’ speech he has to give sometimes, knowing it’s what’s best. There’s no way they can hook up again if they’re on the same team.
He’s full on working a hickey into Dean’s shoulder by the time they get back to his house and almost entirely in Dean’s lap and Dean rips at his seatbelt after he throws the Impala into park. It’s dark in the garage and Dean slides over to pull Cas the rest of the way into his lap.
The next time he looks over at Cas, it’s because him and Mary have gotten quiet and Dean sees that she’s fallen asleep in Cas’ arms, a thumb stuffed in her mouth and a sticky hand fisted in the front of Cas’ t-shirt. His head is down and he’s humming under his breath, something Dean can’t make out but the easy lift of a smile stays on Cas’ face as he rocks them gently.
“Why do you wanna do the note? Just go try to talk to him.” Dean takes the shot with a lime chaser, wrinkling his nose at the sourness overpowering the alcohol.
Dean laughs. “Yup, for sure.” He picks at the shorts. “Had to change up my entire outfit for these.” He had to trade his flannel and black t-shirt for his favorite gray AC/DC shirt.
Cas’s forehead is scrunched up in concentration, and Dean’s pretty sure he didn’t hear the question. Brushing their noses together does the trick, and bright, focused blue eyes are on him. “What if they meet us there?”
He softens. “You’ve had my back our entire lives, Donna. That's why I need you to get your sweet ass out of bed and into the shower. I need my best friend if I'm gonna get married today.”
Cas moans hot against Dean’s shaft and he grunts, trying to hold back until Cas is ready for him to come. Dean kisses Cas’ softening cock and groans when Cas pulls away to kneel between Dean’s legs. He drops down and nuzzles into the crease of Dean’s hip, pressing his soft lips to Dean’s thin skin.
Dean grimaces and looks up to see Cas wearing a hesitant look. He's trying hard as hell to look nonchalant but he's failing. Dean's eyes flick down to Castiel's left hand, wrapped around his beer.
The girls squeal—an unnatural sound Dean doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to—and make for the stairs. Jack lifts his eyebrows and smiles at Dean.
Good, Dean’s glad to know he’s not the only one bummed out by this random turn of events. He tries not to notice the still messed up bed he spent the night in. Which reminds him…
“What,” he mumbles, pulling back, confused. A stubborn piece of purple hair sticks up in the back of his head and his eyes are sleepy and sweet. “It’s your birthday? Why didn’t you tell me?” He pulls all the way away, blinking more now and growing more disappointed, and Castiel’s heart sinks. “I’m sorry, hon, if I’d known I’d—shit, I wouldn’t just be laying around, I’d be making you breakfast.”
“Okay honey, tone it down,” Karamo says, a little breathless. “That suit is dangerous, I almost feel bad for anyone who dares get in your way when you’re wearing that.” He tries to fan himself, pulling at his shirt to get some air flow after Cas brought the heat.
Dean groans and presses his forehead to Castiel’s stomach. He nuzzles his nose into the warm skin and separates them with a sigh.
Cas is quiet, eyes closed, as Dean peppers kisses against the curve of his shoulders, his cock slipping from Cas’ spent body. He lets Dean clean him and he watches with hooded eyes, moves however Dean wants him to move so Dean can wipe him down and Dean does it as quickly as he can, tossing the dirty towel into the corner.
“You kids know Bobby and I were both married before. When I lost Jo’s daddy, I felt like I’d never be right again.” She pressed a kiss to Jo’s head. Dean knew Jo’s dad passed away when she was a baby, but Ellen rarely talked about her first husband. “I miss him and I see so much of him in Jo. But I never imagined I’d fall in love again, let alone with a man who was such a good friend to us both.”
A dog walking specialist? Castiel looks at Pug, gnawing on his last chunk of zucchini and thinks an actual specialist might be perfectly capable of walking a pig amongst their other canine charges.
“Well, I think you’re both lucky. And now I’m going to show you how to make him a pie and let me tell you, pie crust is easy, turns out! Dean laughed at my stress, can you believe that?” Antoni asks with a laugh that Castiel returns.
“Thank you, Antoni,” Castiel says sincerely. “Cooking means a lot in our house and this kitchen—it’s just incredible and I’m so grateful, and Dean’s going to be so grateful, and cooking for him here will be really special because,” he takes a deep breath, a breath deep enough to rock his shoulders up and down. Castiel says his next words in a rush.
Castiel gasps dramatically. “Don’t call my son that!” He follows behind Jimmy as he goes down the stairs.
Castiel’s mouth waters and Dean grins before he kisses Castiel again. And again, and again, until a very insistent pig wakes them, demanding to go out. Dean tries to go without him but Castiel insists on coming along, just wanting to enjoy some peace before the day has to begin.
“What do you dream about?” Cas rubbed small circles into Dean's palm, and he relaxed into the touch.
around. Castiel’s cheeks are warm and Dean’s eyes flick around his face, amusement dancing in them as he closes the space between them. “Is it okay that I’m here? Thought I might catch you two before you left, see if I could join you on your morning walk but it looks like I missed it.”
Grinning wide, Cas presses his soft lips to the underside of Dean’s jaw, tucking his smile against Dean’s skin, and Dean thinks it’s totally possible he’s never gonna be the same again.
“I mean, yeah,” Dean mumbles, embarrassed but eager to accept the kisses Castiel leaves him with. Castiel’s lucky, Dean makes him feel like the luckiest man in the world, getting to be the one Dean loves.
It was Bobby who first put a baseball in his hand, said Dean would need something to keep him focused, something to keep him out of trouble, but to Dean it was an escape—especially when his parents couldn’t get along. The only place they did was at the field, the two of them treating it like Switzerland, and because of that, it was Dean’s safe place. It’s no wonder his dreams grew Big League in size, the prospect of playing at that level far off, but bright.
Cas takes Dean’s breath away at the same time he’s everything Dean needs to breathe and he’s happy to come see his mom, and tell her she was right.
The hotel is blissfully air conditioned, and Dean leaves Cas by the slot machines so he can check them in. They drove down to Mardi gras one year and Cas fell in love with Riverboat Gambling, of all things. He’s already ordering a beer before Dean can even walk away.
“How long will little man be asleep?” Dean reaches out to run a finger down Pug’s nose gently, making it twitch and Dean’s so close, Castiel needs to clear his throat before he answers.
It’s open, clean, and bright, a complete opposite of the last time Castiel saw it and he takes a minute to swallow down the lump growing in his throat. His uncle’s bookstore was always dark unless it was dusk and then the space turned gold, the light shining into the windows just right and Castiel can’t wait to see it again, now that the windows are clean and the natural light can spill in. It’s a beautiful space and he has to force himself upstairs before he gets lost in thought imaging the future of the store.
“You serious? Is that—” He lowers his voice and looks at Pug, his wrist going slack, the bagel in his hand dangling between them. Dean leans in and Castiel does too, enjoying this probably too much. “Could that happen?”
It’s almost a month later, when a delivery arrives from Lawrence, addressed to the Fab Five. Karamo finds it first and when he sees who it’s from, he calls for a group meeting immediately.
Dean enjoys catching up with his kidnappers. They talk for awhile about their games, Sam’s upcoming finals, and Charlie’s LARPing. She’s trying to talk them all into joining her one weekend this summer. Dean’s already thinking about his costume.
Sam ducks his head and rubs the back of his neck, a clear sign he's about to apologize for something. He's been doing it his whole life, anytime he didn’t tell the entire truth about something. “Uh… me and Jess broke up? She went back to Palo Alto.”
A collective mocking gasp fills the car. “They were roommates!” the rest of them parrot back, all of them sharing a laugh and lifting the bit of tension coming off Castiel.
Dean shook his head and smiled. He never could get anything past Sam. “Since the day I saw him at The Roadhouse.”
Dean kissed him softly. “It’s September 18th, Angel. The day you came here, the day you saved me.  And you haven’t stopped saving me since.” He kissed the tear that had slipped down Cas’s face. “Now make a wish.” He held out the plate with the pie and the birthday candle.
They ran with a little crew, kids from the neighborhood and from school; Ash and Andy, Jo, and Sam’s friends Jessica and Brady. They both moved away before Sam started high school but Jo and Ash were still around when Dean left Lawrence.
Everyone’s shoes still squeak when they walk across the floor and the gym smells exactly the same as Dean remembers it, like dirty socks and puberty and it all takes Dean back to a better time, an easier time he was too stupid to appreciate back then.
Castiel takes a sip of tea for an extra moment to compose himself before picking up his bagel and taking his own big bite.
time, there’s going to be a next time and Castiel can’t imagine what world he stumbled upon where a man like Dean could be interested in a man like him. He wonders when it will stop feeling like a dream, but in all honesty, if it is a dream, it’s not one Castiel ever wants to wake up from.
When Castiel gets back from taking Pug for a quick walk, Dean’s standing at the sink doing the dishes Ash left, the sleeves of his white dress shirt rolled up to keep his shirt dry. He’s elbow deep in soap suds and humming to himself but he turns when they enter, his entire face lighting up like it’s the first time he’s seen Castiel in ages, and it’s just no wonder Castiel loves him as much as he does. How could he not?
The year after Tennessee was a whirlwind of long nights together, writing papers to complete their degrees, and playing the best they’ve ever played together. All while they fell harder for each other, their profound bond solidified further.
“It was a pleasure to meet you.” He dips his head at Jody and Rowena as well. “Nice to see you both.”
“That so?” Bobby gives him another once over, and maybe it's just the fading light but he almost seems interested in Castiel now.
Cas raises an eyebrow as he slaps the ball into Dean's open palm. “Just trying to fuck with this guy. Such an asshole.” This batter has hit home runs off Dean before so Cas hates him on principle. “You should make him chase these.”
That just makes it worse and Castiel has to kiss him until both their mouths are warm again and Pug is squealing from inside the basket. After he does his business, its back inside so the three of them can make their way over to see the park’s Christmas tree, set up between the arch and the fountain. The strings of white lights that adorn the tree glow despite the snow covering it and Castiel can’t help but find it breathtaking, especially when Dean stands beside it.
Cas laughs so it must have worked. “Good point. I gave you my number because I was hoping you wouldn’t stay one—a stranger, that is.” Dean swallows thickly. “Plus, most people text these days.”
Dean barely notices as Cas tugs him towards the house and through the sliding door. He frowns when the back of Cas’ knees hit his bed and he sits, his mouth leaving Dean’s. The cool air hits his spit slicked lips and Dean chases their connection, settling in Cas’ lap and kissing him again.
Dean zips the sleeveless hoodie he’s wearing halfway up, catching his reflexion in the floor to ceiling mirrors. He wasn’t gonna buy it because, sleeveless hoodie, but Charlie insisted he try it on and look—the studio was having a 30% off sale and Dean looks fucking good in the damn thing. So, he bought it. It’s black and has a little purple Zumba symbol on the chest and it makes his arms look good after a class. Dean almost considers telling Cas his dirty little secret just so Cas can see him in his workout clothes.
The door at the top of the room slams open and pulls Dean from his thoughts. His eyes narrow at the latecomer descending the stairs of his classroom like he owns the fucking place.
Sonny's still talking low to Cas, one of Cas's hands between both of Sonny's and the other hiding his face. Dean can tell by the way Cas's shoulders shake that he's crying, and as much as Dean wants to go to him, he waits. When Dean came home from Tennessee, their relationship had gotten stronger, and Cas had later told Dean that Sonny had helped him understand some things about himself, about baseball, hell, about life. Dean was a little jealous, at first, to miss those conversations, but he didn't know who he wanted to be more in the scenario; the person who gets to open up, or the one to hear all of Cas's secrets.
to each other, and God, it’s like love is bursting from inside him when Dean gets to kiss his husband for the first time.
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's shoulders and kissed him slowly. Dean made a move to take off his glasses, but Cas grabbed his wrist before he got the chance.
He enjoys their kisses and tries to pull Cas closer, but only gets a grin against his lips as Cas pulls back to climb off Dean’s lap, grabbing a stray shirt to clean the mess on Deans’ stomach. He’s way too fucked out to care if it’s his shirt or not while Cas strips off his tight jeans before being kind enough to do the same for Dean.
Castiel follows Claire into Pug’s room, the pig already getting sleepy eyed in her arms. He eyes his bookshelves while Claire pulls a little shirt over Pug’s head before putting him down near his tee-pee bed. Castiel’s following what she’s talking about somewhat, having heard her talk about fanfic in the past, even if he still doesn’t really understand what it is. He just knows she likes to write it about some of her favorite shows and the stories she’s shared with him have been delightful.
and it will serve you wonderfully, whether you want to be Mr. Professional or Mr. Sex Hair, whatever mood hits you, okay?”
“Yes, sorry—hello, my name is Castiel James Novak, I am thirty-six, and am recently unemployed.” Castiel’s stoic as he addresses the camera.
Castiel cups Dean’s ass as he rolls his hips and Dean pants hot into Castiel’s neck. He wants to come, he’s going to come, and it’s like Novak fucking
“We can have it resized,” Dean mumbles as he slips the gold band from his fiancé's (!!!) finger. “Think I’ve got a chain or somethin’, unless you don’t want to wear it like that.”
They walk a few more blocks, enjoying the sunshine and each other’s company before Charlie speaks again. “Have you talked about it?”
The next batter ends up being the third out and as they take the field, Cas doesn’t notice the way Dean’s shoulders stiffen again. He assumes everything is fine—  until the first pitch Dean throws makes contact with the bat and gets hit to the shortstop. Cas’s heart stops and doesn’t start again until they throw the runner out at first base, their amazing teammates in the infield providing the support Dean needs to earn the out.
“He was talking to the bartender and when he laughed, god, I honestly thought it was you for a moment. I didn’t want to look. Soon enough, my brain reminded me you hate to fly so why would you be in a bar at Boston International?” Cas ran a hand up to Dean’s face, scratching lightly through his beard. “I bought him a drink. I was hoping he would come talk to me and maybe I could make him laugh and get that feeling back for a moment.”
There’s a pair of strappy hiking sandals on the passenger seat of the jeep that’s parked out front… and they’re bright yellow. Obviously worn, but highlighter yellow nonetheless. This is Dean’s option? Walking around looking like he skinned a minion to make his shoes?
just as easy as anything. He stands a little straighter and puts his arm around Dean's shoulders, guiding them back to their waiting friends.
Cas always did this. When they exchanged memories, Cas’ always had something in them that reminded him of Dean, be it a song, a color, a smell, and now, a whole person.
He cups his hand over Dean’s and guides it down and over his thigh. All night Dean’s been pawing at them, stroking and squeezing Cas’ thick muscles any chance he’s had. He does it now and Cas moans, like fire licking into Dean’s mouth. He guides Dean’s hand higher, higher until Dean’s hand is under his skirt. Dean swallows, thick and his chest heaves. He doesn’t need Cas’ help anymore and Cas’ hand drifts up and away, over Dean’s shoulder and around the back of his neck.
“Ah, that's ok, I bet if you brought more stuff, he would have come.” Dean changed the subject. “Speaking of, ready to go shopping? I thought we'd hit up Target and then bring back a pizza? First official night as roomies, we should celebrate.”
All of it takes about three weeks. To Castiel, it feels like three days with the way everything moves so fast. He’s Facetiming with Claire daily, before and after school and he’s so busy with everything, he allows Claire to speak on his behalf to Jimmy and vice versa, something Castiel is usually loathe to do. It’s just—easier for now.
At least his Grandpa is pretending he doesn’t already have an idea for Dean’s entire life. He knows better. It’s not like he hasn’t thought about it but it’s always been implied that he’s meant to go work on the ranch, and eventually run it. Carry on the family business and all that.
“Tell him I said thanks.” She smiles. Cas has enough books to fill a library, and he’s constantly lending them out. “You hungry?” She asks, but she’s already filling a plate for him, setting it down with a fresh cup of coffee.
“Mills. You don’t remember her? Same class as us but she went to Texas A&M. She’d come home to visit her parents on school breaks and Garth would always invite her over for game nights. I’m sure you met at some point.” Dean slid his hand up Cas’ pant leg, rubbing his hand up and down his calf. “Her dad was Chief of Police. Jody’s continued the family tradition.”
The bar is nothing special, just somewhere still serving, and they're all drunk enough that coming across yet another dance floor is an open invitation at this point. Gabriel hits it first, followed by Jess but Dean detours to the bar for a round of beers (and water), ordering and then joining Sam in the booth he found.
“No man, I’m allergic to cat hair!” Dean sits up and wipes his eyes, finally noticing that the AC/DC shirt (that belongs to him) that Cas is wearing is covered in short, black hairs. He looks at the hairs, then up into concerned blue eyes.
Castiel doesn’t go up right away; he finishes his drinks first. The elevator ride feels long, the floors slipping by in his ascent; he straightens his tie for the hundredth time and reminds himself to relax.
Dean pushes Pug to the couch and stands, talking to Castiel over his shoulder as he heads to their room. “Well, I don’t mind showin’ off my soon to be husband because he is hot as
“Dean? You sound out of breath.” Dean can practically hear Sam’s forehead wrinkle. “Are you at the gym?”
“I sit with Uncle Cas,” she states, except it comes out as one word—uncca-cas—and ain't that just the sweetest. “No Dee.”
Settling in his seat, Dean glances over at his boyfriend. Cas is glowing, deep in conversation with Donna about the other players drafted in the first round to all the other teams, something Dean missed during all the congratulations. Their relationship is still a secret (except for Donna, she knows everything), and all Dean has to do is press his knee to Cas’s to get his attention.
He’s fuming as he climbs in Cas’ truck. Gabriel has no idea what the hell he’s talking about and it pisses him off anytime he gets into their business. Sure, Dean didn’t want to go to the dance but neither did Cas so fuck Gabriel for assuming it was because Dean didn’t want them to be seen together. Nothing could be further from the truth.
“You don’t,” Dean agrees, nodding his head and hiding a grin. “So, give me the rundown on this place again.” Sam mailed him a bunch of pamphlets and papers and stuff, but Dean wants to hear it from him.
People stand in groups and clumps around high tables scattered about to cater to the mingling citizens. There’s a large group by what Castiel thinks is a bar and where they’re heading is a small rise in the grass where tables covered in yellow tablecloths sit, most of them occupied by people eating and enjoying each other’s company. It’s all very warm and inviting and even the rock music playing underneath it all just adds to the happy atmosphere.
They try to stay off each other in the back of the cab but they both have swollen lips when Dean tips the smirking driver an extra twenty for putting up with them. Dean follows Cas to the elevators, watches as he pushes the button for the sixth floor and smiles when Cas slides over to kiss him again.
As much as he wants to lie in bed and replay the events of last night over and over, Castiel has responsibilities. And he misses Pug. He pauses outside Claire’s closed door and, as he hoped, he can hear little scratches coming from the other side. Smiling wider, he cracks it open so his little friend can squeeze through, his pink little butt wiggling like crazy at the sight of Castiel.
“Of you, or my animals? Because I think that they’re wonderful.” He glances over to catch Dean’s halfhearted pout and the creases around his eyes deepen. “Then again… I happen to think that of you as well.”
Cas is pleased when he throws the ball back, and nothing on his face or in his eyes reads that this could be it, that with one more well thrown pitch this could all be over. Dean tries not to think about the fact that with one
“Probably not.” Cas lights another cigarette with shaky hands. “At least my counselor doesn’t think so. Due to my,” Cas pauses to use air quotes. “‘Poor academic standing.’ Whatever the fuck that means.”
“Of course, Cas.” Dean slides back to his seat and starts the car, pulling out onto the empty highway. Castiel follows, tucking himself against Dean; the weight of Dean’s arm around him is soothing.
“Yes, except the angel is the one who knows where all the good parties are. Cassie here says you’ll be joining us?”
He warms a washcloth and cleans Cas first before rinsing it and wiping himself down. Thankfully in their hurry, they didn’t lose any clothes, which then received the bulk of their mess. Dean can do laundry later.
Oh, Dean's happy to, and he nods. He watches Cas turn them to face each other, watches Cas run possessive hands over his shoulders and down his chest. Dean watches Cas’ underwear pool around his ankles and he watches as Cas sinks to his knees, his strong naked legs flexing—heat flares in him thinking of Cas stripping down in his eagerness to get to him.
Dean remembers his phone, abandoned next to his plate after Dean had to swoon over his best friend. He picks it up to see a message from Cas.
Castiel’s eyes widen as he takes in the new, stainless steel appliances, including a shiny built-in double oven.
“Oh, don’t be a baby, the booze will keep you warm,” Donna argues back over her shoulder as they follow Meg out to the front of the bar.
The kids are being noisy, all of them huddled together. They grouped about five big blankets together and then dog piled on them and now they were a pack of glowing faces, all lit up by their cell phones while they still manage to talk and laugh together. Music plays from their blanket and the innocence of it all makes Dean smile, makes him envious for days like that, too.
Dean loves to kiss Cas like this so he does, desperate for those lips to be on his and Cas tastes like apples and cinnamon and it makes Dean lick into his mouth, hungry for him. He’s regretting not living steps away anymore.
But watching the twinkle lights glitter in their eyes as Dean held Pug up to the finished tree reminded Castiel that he had found his forever and that the ring on his finger meant Dean felt the same. They had a life to fill with traditions and that night was the first of many Castiel hoped they would adopt.
He laughs when Cas wraps his legs around Dean and Dean holds him when he stands to go up the stairs.
When Cas comes back from locking up, Dean’s already in bed, the covers open. Cas stares at him from the doorway before he flips the light off. He’s crawling into bed and he’s so warm, tucked under Dean’s chin and all Dean can smell is that goddamn green apple shampoo and fucking hell.
like it, considering the things they can do there together as a group and maybe even be able to separate and let the kids explore for a few hours too.
When Dean Winchester is eight years old, the Novak family moves in next door. A mom, a dad, and their son who just so happens to be the same age as Dean. He sits on his front porch and watches the moving van pull up, watches the dark-haired boy climb out the backseat of a silver car, watches as scared eyes grow wide.
Castiel gives her a gentle smile before he plunges his hands into the hot, soapy water, grabbing the first plate he can to wash.
“That means it's been too long,” Dean teases him, as if he's some big drinker. He's hardly drank more than a few beers at a time, ever since Emma came along. After Lydia left them, Dean had even less reason to drink, much as he wanted to.
Dean laughed as Castiel put his bag down and kicked off his shoes. “I dunno, babe, but apparently, people on this floor 'ship' us. Whatever the hell that means.”
Dean won’t admit to keeping one eye out for the Hot Guy, not seeing him again and wondering if he got his friend laid. In the back of his hazy mind, he remembers to scan the room for any familiar faces and relaxes more when he doesn’t see any, aside from the one belonging to his best friend—who’s holding a tray with beers and probably too many shots and who is
As the bartender, Aaron, if his name tag was to be believed, poured his beer, he proceeded to strike up a conversation. “So, business or pleasure?”
The concern in Dean’s voice helps make up for the fact that his little friend isn’t here and Castiel nods, not wanting to concern Dean with his social anxieties. “I’m just not good at remembering people’s names.”
He doesn’t want to talk about this, not with everything he has to do today. “Dean, please, I need to go see Jimmy.” Sighing, Castiel rolls back into the sheets, exhausted at even getting out of bed. Pug is still sleeping in his blankets and Castiel envies the little pig. “If I time it right, I can arrive after he’s finished work. Would you be able to close the store for me?” It’s Kevin’s day off and Castiel scheduled him that way, knowing it would be easier to work through his birthday than think about ignoring it.
His little brother’s eyes are shining when Dean slides into the seat across from him. “Can't believe you guys did it, man, I just can't believe it. You’re married, Dean!”
“Sam’s on board, of course. Jo has upped her game to death threats but you could probably outrun her. Ellen and Bobby just want us to be happy. They’re big believers in second chances.” Dean set the tray back on the bedside table after topping off their mugs. They settled back into the blankets, his arm around Cas who had reached up to lace their fingers together. Dean could feel the warmth of the ring against his skin and he pulled Castiel tighter to his chest.
He's busy peppering kisses along the back of Dean's neck and enjoying the little sighs Dean's making when he rolls over in Castiel’s arms to kiss him. Dean's lips are plump and fit perfectly with Castiel’s and he lets the slide of them together relax him.
“Hey Cas, what's in that box?” Earlier, Dean noticed a long, rectangular box leaning against the wall next to Castiel's bed.
Dean’s being crushed to death by the long arms of his baby brother, hugging the crap out of him as the entire crowd of people inside The Roadhouse explode with excitement and loud cheers.
At the sound of his name, Pug jerks in his sleep and Dean ducks his head with a smile and a finger to his lips. Castiel huffs out a laugh and re-arranges the way he’s sitting when Pug flips himself on his back. His little mouth hangs slack, legs in the air, the tiny pig deep in his dreams and oblivious to the lovely present Dean brought him.
They kept it up while Castiel was at UCLA, Dean having moved to Los Angeles to pursue his music. They practically lived together then, Dean renting an apartment in West Hollywood, close enough for Castiel to stay over and not have to get up too early for his morning classes. When Sam would come visit, Castiel would go back to his dorm, but not before Dean would kiss him stupid when he walked him to his car.
Garth notices that Dean’s coming up short and he chuckles. “Well, that answers that.” He’s looking around as he leads Dean towards the parking lot next to his dorm. “Come on, change in my car and we’ll go around to the back of the training fields, sneak you into the locker room from the back side.”
The kettle blows and Castiel’s thankful for the excuse to prepare his tea as he joins Claire in the kitchen. Pulling down his favorite mug—purple and covered in bumble bees, a Christmas gift from Claire when she was nine—he busies himself with filling his infuser with more of Donna’s green tea to buy himself time. Claire just waits, arms crossed and leaning against the counter. Castiel will never tell her how much she reminds him of Jimmy when she does this.
Maybe it’s the trees, or the current of electricity in the air, or maybe it’s just Cas’s bright, denim blue eyes that make him brave, and stupid, and soft—but Dean means what he says.
“I’ve been hard for three fucking days, thinking about you.” Dean pushes them together again. “Wanted to touch myself so many times, but you said—you promised,” Dean stumbles over his words as they get harder and harder to articulate. He sucks a breath between his teeth and spins them again, this time to lay Cas out on his bed.
Something in Dean’s eyes must change because Cas’ eyes darken and he thumbs at Dean’s stretched lips. “Who knew Batman would be so good at sucking cock?”
“Heya, Cas,” he replies, pushing their foreheads together. “You were smiling as you walked up so I take it things went well?”
, he can’t figure out why he’s so nervous. Probably because Cas looks so good. Dean tries not to watch Cas take off the trench coat he’s wearing, Cas’ arms straining against the sleeves of his white button up. He’s so
He does, and using it as leverage, presses their clasped hands into the pillow beside Dean’s head as his hips begin their sinful roll. Eyes darkening, Cas drags his free fingers through the mess on his stomach before bringing them up to Dean’s mouth, only to close the space between them so they can both have a taste. The salty sweet taste mixes with that spiciness that’s just
“And Sam. Jo and Charlie immediately ratted us out to Ellen because we didn’t let them come with. They were still students, so they had a lot more to lose.”
Dean can smell the weed the moment he steps out of his room. The skunky, earthy aroma is familiar, even if it's been years since he's smoked. What he doesn’t understand is
He grabs the bill of his hat to straighten it, fidgeting, his nerves still not as settled as he'd like. Cas is ready, down in a deep squat with his free hand dangling between his legs (which yes, is the greatest distraction of Dean’s life and no, he doesn’t want to talk about it) and when he sees Dean is ready too, he signals for Dean’s first pitch—a fist with only his pinky finger pointing down—their sign for a fast ball.
Dean lifts the emerald satin panties out of the box, gentle as the smooth material slips between his fingers. He wants to feel it, god, everywhere. Dean lifts his eyes to Cas. He looks apprehensive. There’s no way Dean can stand that look for another minute and he nods his head fiercely.
“Hey, I’m not gonna tell.” Dean doesn’t think twice before he climbs in the pen and sits next to Cas. A white, long haired rabbit sniffs him curiously and he scoops it into his lap, running his hands over the soft fur. “Don’t say sorry to me, Cas. No reason.”
“Please Uncle, coming over to your house keeps me sane right now. And if anything comes up that prevents me from coming, I’ll let you know right away.” She reaches out to scratch Pug between the eyes and he nuzzles into her palm and nibbles at the side of her hand when she presents her palm. “Please don’t make me stop coming over.”
my business. You fuck with Cassie, I’ll fuck you up. Got it?” Gabriel seems to have forgotten the concept of personal space, and that Dean is a few inches taller than him. He also seems to have forgotten that while he’s been out fucking around, Dean’s been the one there for Cas through everything. Dean has no qualms with reminding him.
Lucky for him, he ordered a few pairs after he got here. Board shorts for swimming, mostly. He didn’t have any intention to just
Castiel’s mouth consumes Dean’s pucker as he flattens his tongue and laps at Dean’s hole which earns him a high keen from Dean, despite having his head buried into the sheets. He snaps Dean’s thong back into place making Dean buck his hips. Castiel soothes him by licking wet stripes along the crack of his ass, soaking the delicate fabric under his tongue. Dean tastes so good and Castiel can’t wait to be buried inside him.
“Hello, Officer.” Fuck, Dean had almost forgotten how gravelly Cas’ voice is. His stomach flips in response to it.
Dean ruffled Sam's hair. He knew the kid hated it. “See you in a few days, Sasquatch. Text me if you need me.”
so he assigned us ‘transformative fiction’ which is just another way of saying fanfic so I don’t know who he thinks he’s kidding but whatever.”
Cas hums thoughtfully and their hands swing between them. They’re approaching the gym again, and Dean can hear the bass but instead of heading straight back to the reunion, Dean steers them away and towards the main building that holds the office and all the classrooms. He likes that it makes Cas laugh when he picks the lock to the building.
Dean huffs out a laugh. “I know, okay, just remember you don’t have to finish tonight. Try to get to bed before midnight.”
Instead, Cas teases him with a smirk as he motions for Dean to sit up some, Dean obeying and struggling up into their mess of soft pillows that cover the head of their giant bed. It's their favorite piece of furniture.
possible chores that could be done by a robot and before the day’s done, Jack’s asking Cas when they can visit Dean’s house so he can see Dean’s workshop.
“Oh, I’m just kiddin’ with ya,” she says, her voice full of mischief and a bright smile on her face. “She sure is a cutie though, with her little horn.” The woman grins and flicks a piece of long blonde hair off her face. The nametag on her black apron says
“Hey, guys,” Sam stammers out, awkwardly trying to shake Dean’s hand and also hug him and holy shit his baby brother is
“You know, you'd feel bad if someone were,” Dean accuses with a grin, knowing it's too early for his best friend but wanting to give her crabby ass shit, anyway.
It’s possible that Dean’s gonna throw up. Like nachos and whatever else, all over this little office. This suddenly smaller, not at all darkening around the edges room, that only seems to revolve around the light yellow envelope Ellen’s holding out to him.
He still stops Dean with a light touch to his arm before he can turn towards the cafe door. “Are you sure we’re not going to upset anyone who’s been waiting?”
Big, strong hands wrap around his back and Dean accepts a kiss before leaning back to take off Cas’ tiara. “God, you looked so good tonight baby,” Dean murmurs. “Really surprised me with this,” He kisses along Cas’ jaw, his stubble creating a sweet burn.
Garth shakes his head as he pulls into the empty back lot of the sports complex. Everyone, including his dad, parks in the front by the stadium entrance but this one is overflow, and has access to the backdoor of the gym. There isn’t another soul in sight, so Dean might actually be in luck here.
Dean’s not gonna freak out. He can’t, not when he’s got Cas steadying him, his long fingers pressing against the back of Dean’s hand and his thumb, swiping back and forth along Dean’s palm.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean watched a jumble of emotions cross Castiel’s face, until finally settling on a hesitant smile. “Is it ok if I call you that?” Dean dropped his duffle and his guitar case on the floor and settled himself cross-legged on his bed, facing Castiel.
The jeep rocks as they drive onto a well maintained dirt road that cuts into the wilderness. All that marks it is a strand of colorful flags tied around the thick, brown trunk of the freakiest tree Dean’s ever seen, its long branches holding huge, spiky pods that look ready to burst open at any moment. Dean’s imagining spiders pouring out, or maybe some kind of small, bitey alien when Sam brings the car to a crawl, drawing Dean’s attention away from the jungle.
Dean’s body moved on its own, his subconscious guiding him to stand in front of Cas. He slowly reached out and tugged the book from Cas’ hands, those blue eyes turning up in confusion that quickly turned to wonder.
He’s sauntering to the open seat in front of Dean’s desk—fucking sauntering, this guy—and he looks Dean up and down as he passes, a slow smirk growing on his face.
think about and must look away from, only to take in Cas’s untucked, short sleeved button down, the blue of it making Cas’s eyes flash bright when he sees Dean waiting for him. Cas is wearing brown cargo shorts, which Dean would normally protest but on him, looks good, the way they stretch against his thick thighs. His calves are strong and bare, and Dean’s eyes widen when he gets down to his—oh no.
Sighing, Dean flops back into their bed and rubs his eyes. “Apparently, we're not the masters of deception we assumed we were.” He holds up the Impala’s keys, anyway. “But I got my Baby, so who gives a rat's ass.”
Dean smiles and grabs a dish towel to dry his hands before he heads towards the open door to the garage. He leans in the doorway to watch Cas standing inside, hands on his hips as he glances around the room, his eyes narrowed. “I could have sworn we brought them in but I can’t find them anywhere.”
Dean falls back into the couch with a huff and an eye roll. “You can but you usually don’t. So, spill.”
His favorite team growing up, thanks to his mom, and now Dean’s just… one of them. Just… on the team.
Dean smiles when he comes out to see Cas has already unwrapped his gifted toothbrush and put toothpaste on it for him. Cas scoots over so Dean can slide in beside him and they both begin to brush. They can’t stop grinning and staring at each other in the mirror, Cas breaking first and spitting his foam out into the sink with a laugh. Dean follows and fills his mouth up with water, tilting his head back to gargle and still not taking his eyes off Cas. He bounces his eyebrows while he’s doing it to make Cas laugh again.
“This is a document that gives you sole ownership of this building and my half of the business.” Jimmy pulls a pen from inside his suit pocket, clicks it and hands it to Castiel. “I was serious, Castiel.”
Dean jumps to his feet, stuffing the ring box into a pocket of his jacket, his mom's letter going into the back pocket of his jeans. He's halfway out the door before he spins back.
Gabe watches them with a look of mild disgust. “I might think you two dorks were cute if you weren’t so gross.”
“Yeah, well, Ellen’s gonna kick your ass regardless for not stoppin’ in.” Bobby accepts Dean’s nod and thankfully, drops the subject when he eyes Castiel. Castiel can feel every sweep of his imploring gaze. “Who’s your friend?”
“You’re up early,” he comments. Castiel wasn’t expecting her to be up for at least another hour and he’d hoped to get Pug bathed and down for another nap before she woke up. Plus he wanted a moment to replay the morning in his head, the thought of doing so making him smile. He does his best to hide it before he answers her. “I have your breakfast already.”
“Tell me about your daughter,” Cas requests, his voice a rumble. His hand is wrapped around his glass and every time he takes a sip, he brings it back down and rests it a little closer to Dean’s hand and it’s like there’s a live wire in the space between them.
“Your great ass really helped,” Dean informs him, and it makes Castiel throw his head back and laugh. When he looks back at Dean, he’s staring at Castiel like he invented pie or something.
“You can put all your stuff in here instead of your pockets so, little dude’s trash bags, his snacks, you know, whatever.” He flattens out the part of the strap near the body of the bag. “You can move your pins here, too, if you don’t want to leave them on your coat all summer.”
Dean spreads his legs open, one on each side of the chair, and waits for Cas to join him. He frowns when Cas walks past him, back to the house, only smiling again when music starts to play. He tries to remember how many nights they’ve spent like this, under the stars, listening to records and wound together on this exact chair.
Claire grins and scribbles it down. “Something easy to check off today,” she muses and Castiel agrees, looking forward to the small victory of crossing something off their list already. Castiel’s been bookmarking businesses on Yelp while they discuss their list and eat their lunch.
Until his eyes zero in on exactly who is getting ready to pull a catcher’s mask over his face and cover the lips Dean was sucking on half the night.
Castiel can hear the irritation in her voice. He’s meant to, he really has but after reading the summary of the first book, something about ghost children, and not having it pique his interest, he let the idea wain. Claire calls them campy but romantic, whatever that means, but they seem to be popular, the set at his library in Washington always checked out. Even the covers were cheesy, but they gave Castiel a chuckle every time he checked one out or back in, only to have it picked up because it was on the waiting list.
Dean gave Castiel one last squeeze, whispering his goodbyes and a soft “I love you” before letting him go. Castiel entered the terminal, turning back to wave goodbye. Dean waved back and watched until he couldn’t see Cas anymore.
“You know I did, honey,” he replies with a wink. “We love your school Dean, and your Harry Potter classroom! Want to tell us what you guys are up to?”
Maybe minutes pass, maybe hours, days, maybe the rest of the season, Dean has no idea because he’s kissing Cas in front of the whole goddamn world and who the hell knows what it means to them after this. Dean doesn’t care—he’s got everything he could possibly want all wrapped up in this perfect moment.
The only thing is, it would mean Cas hauling the kids a lot further and probably an overnight. Dean guesses they're talking about the house thing one way or another, if he wants to push the Ren Fair idea. He just thinks they'd
“Awesome, Cas,” he breathes out before gesturing in the direction they’re heading. They’ve almost reached tables. “Now this next group of ladies are the ones you gotta watch out for,” he advises and Castiel’s so distracted by the sound of Dean saying his name, he almost misses what Dean says. “You know Jody and Ro but Ellen’s already pissed at me so don’t take anything she says personally.”
“Okay, we’re coming in now,” he announces, pushing inside the cabana to find Cas on the sofa and Gabriel grinning and holding an empty glass up.
“Poor guy,” Cas croons at him, laughing as he rubs at Dean’s head too. “Shall we go back up and get you some ice?”
It was concerning at first. Dean usually prefers to keep his private life, well, private. Knowing now that it’s inevitable, Dean’s decided to grin and bear it, and hope a new exciting thing happens soon, just to take the attention off of him and Cas.
Dean knew he was going to ask, the second he asked the question himself but he still finds himself choking on the reality of the words.
Cas’ cheeks are wet and Dean kisses the tears that keep falling. “I’m so glad it’s you, Cas,” Dean returns between kisses. “I’m so lucky it was you.”
“Like watching ourselves on Netflix,” Dean replies, understanding what Cas means. It’s fucking unbelievable, the stuff of fairytales, but then again, they always kinda have been. He nips at Cas’s earlobe, knowing how much he likes it. “This is real, though. You and me, right here, kissing again on the pitcher's mound.”
“I wasn’t expecting to see—” Cas cuts them both off when he grabs Dean by the front of his shirt to yank him inside and shut the door.
Clothes Castiel happily strips him of now before they fall into their bed, wrapped around each other.
It was Jessica Moore who convinced Sam to move to Costa Rica, after they met while working together in Uganda or Australia or somewhere Dean can't remember, considering how often Greenpeace used to move Sam around. She was the water conservation queen, based on the way Sam used to talk about her. Dean even figured one of Sam's random calls home would be to tell him they'd gotten married, but Dean guesses he was really off the mark with that one.
that are so goddamn nice; his fingers long and pressing and quick to open Dean’s pants when he pushes Dean down onto his bed. The addicting smell of him is headier here, and fuck, Dean’s drunk on him. On Cas.
The last item he takes from the cabinet below is a small, handbound notebook containing different hand written recipes from Antoni’s personal collection. He hands it to Castiel with a twinkle in his eye. “You can decide if you want to share it with Dean or not.”
Cas pierces him with an intense stare, loving them but staying immune to Dean’s flirtations. “Stop worrying about your curve and throw it when I tell you to throw it. It’s perfect tonight.” With that, he turns on his heel to go back to his place behind home plate, knowing his husband is watching his ass as he goes. Dean loves Cas’s white uniform pants. They’re extra stretchy and clingy for the deep squat he has to take, and he knows what he looks like in them. He makes sure to bend over in Dean’s direction when he picks up his face mask and he can hear Dean’s snort despite the roar of the crowd as he settles back into his position, a smug grin on his face.
Now that Cas knows he has an attentive audience, he doesn’t hesitate. Licking his perfect pink lips, Cas wraps them around the head of Dean’s cock, sucking and tonguing at the slit, these little desperate noises coming from the back of his throat that drive Dean crazy. Without thinking, Dean threads a hand through Cas’s hair, unable to resist the way it glows blue in the low light. He also knows how much Cas loves it.
Cas and Sarah launch into a discussion about 18th century art or something and while Dean's ordering them a round of beer, Sam is kicking him in the shins.
The next morning, Cas brought him some corned beef hash covered with hot sauce that Balthazar cooked up, promising it to be the perfect hangover cure and proceeded to smoke him out and keep him hydrated until he felt better. Dean also found out that Cas considers blow jobs a good hangover cure too and he realized that everything he and Cas have going is at a perfect pace. Dean doesn’t think there’s any point in hurrying if you’re planning on spending a long time with the other person.
“Me n’ Ellen are the executors of your mom’s estate, in case you forgot. And the Impala was always hers. Never belonged to John a day in his life. He refused to give it up before he had to and rather than fight him on it…” Bobby trails off as he tips his cap up some. “It was a moot point because we couldn't give you the damn car until you turned twenty-five.”
“You laugh and I’m shoving you into the fire,” Cas huffs into his ear. He starts moving them awkwardly, swaying back and forth, Starship’s “Fooled Around and Fell in Love” playing from inside the house. Dean feels the grass under his bare feet, the heat from the fire, and the weight of the moment on his shoulders.
Castiel’s heart drops. They’ve only been gone fifteen minutes at the most. Maybe if Castiel had taken more time getting up, or had one more nice dream, he wouldn’t have left so early and missed such an opportunity.
Dean doesn’t hesitate to cup his cheek to turn them face to face, and Castiel can’t stop the few tears that fall. Brushing them away with his thumb, Dean kisses him. “You’re a pretty big deal to me, Cas. And you of all people deserve a day to feel special.”
He orders their old favorite, back when they’d use the fake IDs Cas’ cousin made them (twenty bucks each still seems steep to Dean but whatever). They’d go down to the crappy dive bar just outside town, until his uncle’s friend Rufus caught them there, after Ellen threw
it’s all gloomy when I’m tryin’ to give this to you.” He leans in to let Castiel take a closer look. “It’s a bag, see. I make them out of old band shirts.” Dean turns his gift over and there’s a black and white logo and he can see the name Queen going down the side. “I was savin’ this shirt for somethin’ special and figured, since you enjoyed the tape…”
“Ha!” Dean’s triumphant when he picks the tape open to get inside the cardboard box he picked up from the garage at Charlie’s. There’s a few more downstairs that Dean needs to bring up still. He rips the packing tape free of the box and grins when he opens the flaps to reveal his Halloween decorations.
He turns at the sound of a commotion by the door; the band has arrived. Hugs are being exchanged and Castiel watches from outside as Dean enters last, laughing at something Charlie is saying to him over her shoulder. Dean shuts the door and turns, his eyes sweeping the room, disappointment growing on his face. Castiel’s cheeks grow warm as he realizes Dean is looking for him.
Dean pushes Cas’ skirt up, Cas whispering a breathy, “yeah,” into Dean’s ear. His cock feels heavy in his already tight pants as he ruts against Cas’ thigh, drawing in a sharp breath when he finds what’s underneath.
“It was,” Cas finally says, his eyes pointed towards the field lit by the moonlight, but focused on nothing at all. “Thankfully, my family was there to help and because of that, we’ve done well. We’re very happy.”
Dean grinned as Cas threw his arms around his neck, kissing him long and deep. He slid his arms around Cas’ waist and held on, not breaking their kiss for what felt like ages. Dean finally pulled back, laying kisses across Castiel’s cheeks, the tip of his nose, and his chin.  “Your coffee's getting cold, angel.” He couldn’t stop smiling as he watched Cas reach for his mug again, the blue stripe of tungsten running through the middle of the ring glinted in the light.
Friday morning found him at Charlie’s, prepping dinner for later that night. She had offered to help him when he suggested cooking a few lasagnas to serve to everyone. She was grating a mountain of cheese while Dean made the tomato sauce from scratch.
He's gone through the motions for so long that this feeling, the urgency to be spontaneous like this, feels foreign in his mind.
Dean never thought to ask, now that he thinks about it and he’s sorry about that but it’s okay because Cas is asking if he can.
When Cas whispers in Dean’s ear that he wants them to suck each other off at the same time, Dean has to grip the base of his dick so he doesn’t come right there. Cas just gives him a wicked grin and pushes him down by the shoulder, kissing Dean hot, sucking Dean’s tongue into his mouth with a groan. He sucks on Dean’s lower lip before he’s twisting his body, and fuck—  it’s almost elegant the way Cas’ body turns and rolls and Dean can’t help but admire the way his tattoos shift over muscle and then, Cas’s gorgeous cock is in front of him, hard and waiting to be tasted and Dean doesn’t hesitate before he sucks the head into his mouth.
“Probably got it from her uncle,” he tells Pug, peeking up to see Castiel’s reaction which is to flush at Dean’s words, Castiel’s cheeks probably as pink as he suspected Dean’s to be, now confirmed.
“Incredible,” Cas murmurs as Dean seats himself, a sigh leaving his lips as his body adjusts to the weight and girth of Cas’ cock inside him. Dean’s cock fills when Cas takes him in hand, stroking him slow and tight while he rolls his hips. “Oh fuck, look at you, getting hard for me again,” Cas swears and licks his lips. “Want you to come all over me,” he begs and plants his feet to drill up into Dean.
Room service arrives just as Cas is getting out of the bathroom and Dean’s back to pacing because it feels like Cas is hiding out, and Dean doesn’t like it. Maybe it’s his own anxieties, they make him project and overreact and yeah, come to think of it, maybe he could use another session with Dr. Harvell too.
“And sing,” Claire reminds them both. “I got dad this morning when he was trying to sneak out and you didn’t answer my calls so I’m singing it again.”
“Awesome,” Dean breathes out and off they go. He nods at a few people as they walk, but Dean doesn’t let go of Castiel’s hand this time. They don’t talk much on the walk back to Castiel’s house, but Castiel doesn’t mind. The silence between them is comfortable, both of them full, happy, and content to enjoy the cool morning breeze, lingering on the heels of the storm that passed in the night. Castiel glances up at Dean’s hat and can’t help his curiosity.
On the other side of the curtain, Cas isn’t done. “So, what's it gonna be? Are you staying or going?”
“And why is that? My adorable little cousin not good enough to be seen with?” Gabriel’s smugness has an edge to it that Dean isn’t comfortable with. He doesn’t like what he’s implying. “Don’t want to scare the stiffs with all the gay?”
Castiel looks up as well. He’s surrounded by students, stacks of cards and a map spread out in the middle of a round table. Big, blue eyes widen in surprise as the Fab Five follow Principal Jo inside. They’re excited, jumping around the classroom, getting the kids excited too, as they realize what's happening.
“Babe, huh?” Cas smiles into the curve of Dean’s neck as he presses his hips down. “You like calling me that when you’re stoned.”
“Mom gave me her approval, and you and me? You and me are done. Sir.” It’s the last time Dean plans to ever speak to his dad again, let alone give him the title he’s demanded his entire life.
Dean was in the shower when Cas got to his house from work, and he laughed when Castiel—naked as the day he was born—joined him, cranking the shower even hotter. “Why do you insist on making the water hot enough to melt our skin off?”
There’s some weird remixed version of Thriller on that sounds cool and Dean bobs his head while he keeps his eyes peeled for Cas. Scanning the room, it’s hard to miss the six foot four Superman standing by the bar. He changes his path but looks over the room again, looking for any flash of red or maybe a black cape. Dean hopes Cas is wearing a cape.
“You’ve been wearing these all night?” Dean’s voice is rough. Thinking of Cas wearing these while they ate dinner and swung outside; he’s a little jealous that Cas has gotten to enjoy that when he didn’t.
The bar is even quieter when Dean pushes through the swinging kitchen door, all the televisions off by now, the pool tables empty and only the largest booth occupied. Most of their friends and family have gone home by now, and only Cas, Donna, Jo and Sam remain, all of them falling silent when Dean enters the room.
After a few shakes, he holds up a tiny, Pug sized onesie with slashes of paint arranged in a rainbow pattern. Dean flips it around and Castiel can see matching designs on the other side, too.
He held up his glass. “I’d really appreciate your blessing. I don’t think I can do this without it.” He dug into his pocket and put the black leather box in front of them. Jo choked on her drink. Sam slapped her on the back. Dean sipped his whiskey, staring at them with amusement.
Karamo lifts his own drink. “And as always, remember to trust your instincts. Our biggest hurdles are usually our own insecurities so don’t forget to remind yourself that you’re amazing, and brave, and worthy of an equal partner.”
On the night of prom, Dean picks up a pizza and stops at the video store to grab all three Indiana Jones movies. He tries to get in and out without Gabriel noticing him but fails miserably.
Their hands find each other over Pug’s sleeping body, their pig deeply asleep, worn out from his new big brother duties and warm and safe where he belongs. Kit has other plans as she wiggles free from Castiel’s hands so she can climb up Dean’s chest to settle into the opposite crook of his neck, the one Castiel isn’t settling his head back into. Smart kitten, it’s one of the best spots in the house.
“That tax accountant gig might have paid the bills, but it made Cas miserable. His real passion is making board games.”
It’s fucking cold. The walk across campus was enough to keep him somewhat warm, but Dean still pulls his jacket tighter, thankful when he sees the familiar bright pink neon sign for The Sparrow, written in script below a neon bird, its feathers flashing the colors of the rainbow. It’s tacky and perfect, and it’s been Dean’s favorite place to blow off some steam for the last five months since school started.
They found an actual Little White Chapel with a passing Elvis impersonator and they’re surrounded by family when they say
like Dean. Sam’s been through this before, when Dean got together with Lisa. Dean can understand how it might seem that way to him.
Two big blue eyes take over the face of the smallest, sweetest, black kitten Castiel has ever seen, and they blink at him, the cat’s tiny pink nose twitching before it squeaks a shaking meow at him in greeting.
His eyes are emerald in the low light and his lips are pink and full and Castiel can’t stop himself from leaning closer. Dean’s nose and cheeks are covered with freckles and Castiel wants to taste every single one. Dean flicks his tongue out to wet his lips and Castiel can’t tear his eyes away.
A thrill runs through Dean and he settles back into the couch. “Great. So… I was a little afraid you wouldn’t remember me.”
The way Cas responds, his whole face shifting into warmth and happiness, makes Dean feel lightheaded with it. He accepts Cas’ kisses with an open and willing mouth, their tongues slipping into an already familiar dance, and Dean doesn’t know how he’s gonna let Cas go after this.
“It's fine, Cas. Seriously.” Dean pulled Cas close. “Nothing to be nervous about. If anything, they'll give me a harder time because they love to torture me. Come on, Ellen's making your favorite, fried chicken.”
Cas’s eyes flutter and he has to blink a few times. “I—” He clears his throat. “Is that why it was so easy to get you to change?”
They hang up and Dean takes a deep breath. He punches in Cas’ number and hits call before he loses his nerve. The phone rings once, twice, and goes to voicemail.
“We wouldn't have missed it for the world, boy,” Bobby replies and Dean doesn't doubt it one bit. Ellen’s so emotional she can’t stop grinning through her tears, which only get worse when Cas joins them and then it’s even more hugging and laughter and fucking
The top of the bag is sealed shut and Dean smiles when he pulls it open. Dean tips the contents into his lap and laughs. A dozen or so handwritten valentines spill out. Dean shakes his head with a smile and passes Cas the paper bag with the heart on it.
“Don’t get mad! I’m trying to look out for you two! You’ve just been called up to the majors, you think fans don’t know who you are? Walking around all the time looking like supermodels, what happens when someone recognizes that it’s you two gettin’ hitched and posts that shit to Twitter?”
and Dean groans as their tongues swipe around Cas’s long fingers, both of them wanting to taste the other.
It’s pretty comical when Dean takes the ring out of its box and it only makes it halfway up Cas’s ring finger before it stops, and won’t go any further.
At the mention of the boy’s name, the tension melts out of Cas. Dean can practically feel it leave the freaking
“I made a few inquiries,” Castiel says suddenly. “In case they want me to—to move,” he has trouble with the words, proof positive that the threat of leaving Lawrence is still hanging over his head. “There are other companies I can interview with, that I
“What?” Sam asks, still glaring at the animal as it crosses back over the street to wander into the field it came from.
She crosses Dean's name off her list, looks up at him with a coy smile, and hands him a name tag. “Does he
They held hands all the way to The Roadhouse, Dean parking in his spot and going around the car to open Cas’ door. They were holding hands and smiling as they entered the side door. Dean intended to head right to the kitchen to throw the lasagnas in the oven. He was expecting everyone by seven for dinner before Open Mic started at eight.
They say their goodnights and get their cheek kisses and a light groping sesh that both are too drunk to want to refute. Dean’s really interested in the way Max hung around all night and happily patted Dean and Cas’ asses before they left and he stayed, despite their offer to walk him the few steps home.
The concern in Cas's bright blue eyes gives way to hunger before he's rolling them away. “At this rate, I'm wondering if we'll ever make it home.”
When Dean comes on stage, the atmosphere of the arena shifts. The crowd is electric and their cheers buzz through his skin. It reminds Castiel of how Dean makes him feel anytime he walks into a room. The light changes and Castiel’s blood hums every time Dean is near. Watching him on stage in front of twenty thousand people doesn’t change that.
It’s just about the most insulting thing Castiel’s ever heard, considering his career choices. He earned his degree in library sciences intending to run library and write on the side. Library work was easy to find within the college network and when offered the job to run the library in Bellingham, Castiel thought the town the perfect place to live and settle down and finally finish his novel.
As hard as Dean’s trying to hold the contempt at Castiel’s tactics in his eyes, they’re glittering when he shakes his head slowly in disapproval. “That’s low, sweetheart, real low.”
“Are you serious?” He’s sincere with his question, maybe the most solemn Dean’s ever seen him. Gone is the mischievous graduate student, smarter than Dean could ever dream to be and a man Dean’s grown to love. In his place, someone who is suddenly taking things very seriously.
“Terrible influence on you, Cas,” he pouts, tucking his bottom lip out for a second before pulling a quick, sparkling smile. He shuffles closer to Castiel, his hand already reaching out to capture the corner of Castiel’s jacket, tugging it between his finger and thumb once, twice, his eyes taking their time to sweep across Castiel’s chest. “It’s a good look.”
By the time he gets back downstairs, Sam and Cas have the tree inside and set up in the corner by the conservatory. Boxes and bags of decorations sit close by. Charlie and Jo are on the back porch cuddled close on the couch, sharing a blanket. Charlie is animated, taking fast with her hands and Jo is covering her mouth in laughter. Dean smiles, happy for them.
Antoni’s standing next to it, a face splitting grin on his face. “Do you love it?” he asks enthusiastically.
“And be subjected to the two of you going at it all hours of the night? I’ll pass, thank you.” He glanced over at Ash. “He offered me the spare room upstairs.” Dean raised an eyebrow. “Quicker access to the booze, you understand.”
Cas clears his throat and smiles at Sarah. “It’s great to finally meet you, Sarah. Sam tells us you’re an art history major?”
Well, who the fuck cares. Dean has a date with a really hot, really flirty guy who sounds into him. He’s glad they decided to meet tomorrow otherwise he’d be going out of his mind waiting to see Cas again.
and he clutches at him, fumbles with the remaining buttons and doesn’t hesitate to push the damn shirt off Cas’ shoulders once Dean’s got it open. He doesn’t want to miss anything, he doesn’t want to lose this again and he takes his stupid youthful thoughts and puts them behind kisses, kisses to Cas’ cheeks and his mouth and his shoulders and his throat, all while Cas pushes at his flannel and his hips, the flannel falling to the floor moments before the back of Dean’s legs hit the bed.
Castiel hates every minute spent and every single word said. He hates the way Jimmy tries to stay stoic, the way the light leaves his eyes as Castiel tells the story of their parent’s demise, even as his own heart aches. He hates that he has to be the one to do this, hates that this is the way Jimmy has to find out the worst parts of their past.
But he did. They did. And now Dean isn’t gonna let something as stupid as one bad dinner keep them apart. Cas has to know they are worth more than that and if he doesn’t, Dean will show him.
“Mmm, give me a scoop of that guac first.” Cas makes the best fucking guacamole Dean’s ever had and he hopes Cas made enough for them to eat too. Preferably naked in bed later.
Finally ready to go, Castiel’s barely taken a few steps outside when he realizes that Pug is not following and when he turns back, the little pig has planted his rump on the old welcome mat that Castiel has yet to replace. That’s when Castiel notices that it’s misingt a little and with the ground still wet, Pug won’t take another step.
A tiny curl of excitement hums under his skin and Castiel pushes it down. He can’t allow Claire to pull him into this indulgence, still unsure he wants to compromise his budding friendship with Dean over a matter of interpretation.
Cas is suddenly in Dean’s personal space, the smile back on his face. “Nothing, I guess.” His kiss takes Dean by surprise, considering they’re in a brightly lit tent where just about anyone could see them. The kiss is soft and quick, then Cas is standing and holding his hand out to pull Dean to his feet. “What should we do instead?”
Castiel stops walking, a full-blown smile on his face. Smiles like that were rare and Dean used to bust his ass for them and he brings up his kids and Cas is giving them away for free. It’s fucking beautiful.
Does everything about him have to be so endearing? He learns that Dean’s expecting quite a few people he wants Castiel to meet and it takes all his willpower not to stop walking, to keep putting one foot in front of the other because he knew, well, he
Castiel pulls his cock from Dean's mouth and he protests with a disappointed noise which Castiel soothes with his thumb against Dean's lips. Dean flicks his tongue out to taste.
“Dean, no!” Cas reaches out quickly, grabbing Dean by the wrist. He receives a bitch face that even Sam would be proud of in response. “Why not Cas? It might sting you!”
“Come back,” he groans, curling into himself and attempting to grab the comforter Castiel pushed off them.
“Fuck yes, who doesn’t!” Dean pulls out pumpkins and strands of orange and white lights. He tells Cas about Halloween growing up and Cas’ smile grows as Dean talks. Cas helps him bring up the other boxes and they spend the evening decorating around their room and even downstairs.
“The kids from the high school were there, and they were selling wreaths and I may have gotten a tad bit carried away.”
, but since it wasn’t, he just made sure not to wear anything but long pants from then on. It’s not like it was hard to avoid shorts, but he should have known that moving to an actual island slash rainforest would have gotten him into a pair of shorts at some point.
“We saw Ro when we were downstairs,” Dean mentions as he pulls out the waffle maker. Castiel mixed the batter while he was gone and the fruit is out on the counter, waiting to be sliced. “Wished us a happy Solstice and asked when she could come over to ‘perform a new moon cleanse’, whatever the hell that means.”
“Again, yes,” he says, somewhat impatiently. He’s tired of explaining and checks his watch to see that it’s in fact, six-thirty and in the interest of being mostly on time, he wants to start walking now. A tiny voice in his head argues that
vee with his strong chest peeking out, so Dean can’t be blamed for the way his mouth goes dry. He’s wearing his own cloak, black and sweeping the ground around his black boots that go up to his knees and just what in the hell is Dean supposed to do with all that?
Dean burns hot in Cas’ arms and he swallows thickly. “I don’t think the kids would like it if I made a wardrobe change,” he jokes, wanting the attention off of him. Cas always tells Dean how much he loves his body and the constant reminders have begun to slowly reverse the way he thinks about himself. Some days are better than others but Cas made him throw away his scale months ago and honestly, Dean forgets to miss it.
“Iced tea, from Donna,” he states. “She said to tell you hi and that it’s peach green.” His grin slips a little. “I know you wanted water and I got that too.” Dean pulls a water bottle from his back pocket. “But I thought you might want a choice, seeing as maybe you didn’t know the options.”
Dean raises wet eyes towards his other mom, and has to clamp a hand over this mouth when he sees what she's holding, but not before one sob breaks free.
Castiel waves at the woman sitting on the edge of the fountain, a flock of pigeons around her feet as she throws them a mixture of seeds and berries, something Castiel noticed the other day on their lunchtime walk. She seems to be on a similar schedule to theirs.
He considers cutting his class short to see how fast he can get home. He palms his dick under his desk instead and tries to be a professional.
This damn song follows them wherever they go. Jump in the car, it’s on the radio. Go to the mall, it’s playing over the loudspeakers. Cas hides it in every playlist they make and it’s become a running joke between them over the
Cas pressed himself back into Dean's lap, rolling his hips again. He pulled one of Dean's earlobes between his teeth and tugged. “Do we have to?”
They were going to a family dinner at The Roadhouse, Castiel's first since they made their relationship official. Dean had already told everyone. Sammy first, of course, and his only response was “it's about time, Dean.” Bobby was confused. He thought they were already dating, and that earned him eye rolls from Ellen and Jo. Ellen patted Dean’s cheek and told him to “hang on to your happiness, baby,” while Jo whispered conspiringly, “if he hurts you, I'll kill him.”
With Claire in Aspen, they asked Ash to watch Pug again but this time, they would need to pick Pug up. At The Roadhouse. Castiel protested at first, of course, considering a
Their eyes met in the mirror, their gazes locked. Dean could see the anxiety in Castiel's eyes and tightened his hold. He leaned closer to his ear and sang Cas’ favorite line
“Please, Dee,” he pleads, “I appreciate you thinking of this stuff but we've got it covered, I promise.”
Dean always griped about it, until Cas came up with getting something tattooed on their ring fingers, inside the hand to keep it as private as possible. They cover their left hands in gloves ninety percent of the time they'd need to hide it anyway.
Cas brushes his lips over the shell of Dean’s ear. “I’m so glad you liked it,” Cas says, his voice heavy with want.
Dean walks out of the studio, yawning and wishing he had a bigger cup of coffee that morning. He’s on interview ten of what feels like a thousand and he’s already sick of them. They all ask the same questions:
The water is warm, like bathwater. It slides between his toes and over his ankles and the feeling is comforting. The reflection of the moon leaves a long trail of light out into the dancing water. Constantly in motion, the rhythm of the waves is hypnotic. Dean’s hand squeezing his brings Castiel back to where he is, standing in the waves of the Gulf, holding Dean’s hand.
Benny nods, but he still looks to Cas for confirmation that Dean isn’t full of crap. He must like what he sees, because he motions to the rest of the team to get back in their positions. Smart guys, because Cas knows Dean better than he knows himself.
”, a song that makes Dean’s heart thump in his chest whenever he catches it on the shop radio. His hands automatically go around Cas’ waist and they step into each other’s personal space until there’s none left, Cas dropping his forehead against Dean’s shoulder as they sway back and forth.
He’s too busy to notice Ellen pull Gabriel to the side and whisper in his ear. He also misses Gabriel grabbing Dean by the arm as he steps out of the bathroom only to drag him outside.
“Thanks, Uncle Cas,” she replies, her words muffled by his shirt. He lets go and they separate and Claire turns back towards the stairs.
“We named her Dean, on account of her having rolled around in the grass before we found her. She had a bright green grass stain on top of her head so we felt compelled,” Benny informs him, his eyes twinkling. Dean laughs so hard, it almost worries Castiel that he’s stopped breathing.
“It's an algorithm, Dean. You can't buy a computer flowers.” Castiel yawned and stretched his toes, pressing them against the window.
He’s pacing now, his cell in one hand and the drawing—Cas’ drawing—in the other. Dean’s been out of the game for a while so he’s not sure what the protocol is here, anymore. The guy gave him his number, so he’s expecting Dean to call but how soon? It’s only been two days and the phone number has been burning a hole in his pocket. He’s been back to Weaver’s every morning but hasn’t seen Cas again.
God, but those panties. They are the perfect shade of lilac and they compliment Dean perfectly. Anyone can throw on a pair of panties but to see a man like Dean wearing them arouses Castiel in a way that makes him painfully hard in his slacks.
Castiel hangs up and refills his coffee. The letters are still spread out on the table. He picks up the last one, the one that is worn out the most. The page is tearing a little at the creases and the paper is dirty. Everything Castiel had in Iraq is covered in a layer of dust that just won’t go away. Sometimes Castiel feels like its still choking him, like his throat is still thick with it.
Dean snickers when Cas flips his cousin off before buying tickets for him and Dean. He beams and holds up a strip of red tickets. “For the rides.”
They abandon their table once they put back all the drinks Donna brought and the next few hours are a blur, Dean’s level of intoxication growing as the night goes, as they play a game or two of darts and take a shot or two more between beers, the whole time flirting and joking with anyone who might be interested. Dean’s striking out (
Cas’ shoulders shake with laughter as he turns towards Dean and slides up to him. “You look good,” Cas tells him, sliding a hand to cup his linen wrapped ass. Cas keeps trying to get him in yoga pants but he’s compromised with linen, citing the fact that it still looks somewhat classy for brunch. Cas likes to point out the many times they’ve gone in pajamas but Dean thinks this is a special case, either way.
He gets what he needs from his room and checks on Blue, asleep in his mother’s room, before locking the slider and leaving from the side door where the Impala is parked. Dean’s leaning against the car, his ankles and arms crossed. He groans when he sees the bag in Castiel’s hand.
“The way you’re talking about him, Dean, he sounds—” Charlie considers her words. “He sounds special, okay?” Her eyes take on a fierce gleam. “We gotta make sure he is.”
“He stayed at Jess’s last night, far as I know.” Jo looks over her shoulder towards the bar. “Okay, I gotta go. Mom wanted me to remind you she’s making dinner tonight and to not be late.” She peeks around him again and waves before she’s grabbing Dean and giving him a tight hug.
green parrot that comes looking for a handout, showing its annoyance by squawking as it flies away after it realizes they have nothing to share.
“I’m just saying, those Nazi bastards would have found the ark of the covenant with or without him.”
Ellen sucks in a breath and all the girls (plus Sam) make soft noises when they see D.W. inked on Cas’s finger and C.W. inked on Dean’s. Legally, Cas can’t change it, but he expressly stated that if he could, he’d take Dean’s last name without a second thought and Dean couldn’t argue.
“Congrats, Dean, seriously. Happy for you guys.” A quick kiss to his cheek and then she’s gone, her approval something Dean never thought he’d like to hear.
He strides back into their room and stops at the bed to look down at his gift. He picks them up gently and brings them up to his face to rub against his beard. That’s—that’s good. He bends down to step into them and goes slow, remembering what Cas asked him to do. Feeling the drag of the satin on his inner thighs makes his breathing quicken. He takes a deep breath before pulling them all the way on. When the smooth material pulls at the head of his cock, he lets out a breathy moan.
“I just wanted to let you know, I’m really happy for you. For Cas too but—I know how hard it’s been for you and I guess it wasn’t until Cas came back and—just seeing the two of you together made it a lot more obvious how unhappy you’ve been.” He pushes his hair behind his ear.
“Add ‘buy broom and WD-40 on the way home’ to the list, please,” Castiel requests, after a sip of green tea washes down the spoonful of Ramen he just ate.
“Those look so warm, Dean.” Charlie is checking out his socks too, and he wonders when his feet got so interesting.
He thanks his driver who’s smiling in the rearview and exits the car, following a bouncing Claire into the building. Her long blonde hair whips behind her as she rushes up the back stairs and Castiel takes a few moments to take in the bookstore. It smells like fresh paint and cedar, the wood him and Claire chose for the siding and new built-in shelves, still under construction.
“You’re getting better, Officer.” he says with a nudge to Dean’s shoulder. Dean ducks his head and kisses Cas’ shoulder. Since they’re here with company, Cas can’t sling his legs over Dean’s lap while they sit together and it’s cramping Dean’s style. He loves Cas’ legs.
“Okay, it’s really two things, but I kept forgetting to make one and then I was waiting for the paint to dry on the other and when I got
They’ve reached the subway, and Claire picks him up and kisses Pug’s nose before she passes him to Castiel. She gives them a quick hug and kisses Castiel’s cheek before she’s hitching her bag on her shoulder and turning towards the stairs.
“Claire, you started to unpack? You didn’t have to do that,” he chides fondly. “Can I order us a pizza to say thank you?”
Dean fists the sheets with one hand while the other stays on Cas’s shoulder as he makes his way down Dean’s body, taking Dean apart and making him forget about all of his problems, including his nerves about tomorrow. Cas makes him forget everything except the soft hair now tangled in his fingers and a warm mouth wrapped around him, Cas’s groans shaking Dean to his core until he’s seeing stars explode behind his closed eyes, Cas’s name falling from his lips.
“Are you ok? Was that… good?” Dean kissed him softly, his insecurities trying to creep their way into the car.
A shock of bright, pink hair catches Castiel’s attention out of the corner of his eye and he watches a man approach on his bike, stopping one building short of Castiel’s. It’s possible it’s a different person with pink hair than the bicyclist they saw before; Castiel can’t know. The Village has changed, it’s changed greatly since Castiel was a young boy here and the idea of more than one person around here with pink hair isn’t as far-fetched these days.
They’re discussing The Rolling Stones’ top five albums when Cas pulls off the road and past a large sign advertising waterfalls and natural hot springs. Only along for the ride, Dean glances at Cas to see the corner of his mouth twitching, even as he makes a passionate argument for Let It Bleed. Dean agrees with him, but he’s arguing back for the fun of it, and Cas has an answer for all of Dean’s objections.
He wants to lay here and suck Cas all night but his dick is not subtle in reminding him how badly he wants to come. He grips himself at the base and pulls off Cas’ cock, loving the sound it makes when it slaps against Cas’ stomach. Dean drags his teeth down Cas’ shaft and Cas groans out his name.
It’s still unnerving, having confirmation that venomous things live in this jungle, especially with his feet and ankles so bare and tempting.
The veterinarian is a beautiful disaster. His hair is a mess, wild and thick and bouncing in the light breeze as Cas walks. He hasn’t shaved, which Dean
Donna and Jody plan to arrive around one, Alex around four with a few of her friends from school. Cas’ family couldn’t make it so they’re planning a big Thanksgiving to host them all.
Cas goes to his mom, who is still unloading the truck, while Dean gets permission from his. Soon, he’s dragging Cas by the hand to their little bathroom off the hallway, pulling out his green step stool so they can wash their hands. Dean shows him how to scrub his fingernails and laughs as he flicks water at Cas, causing Cas’ eyes to widen before he laughs too. Dean pulls the sleeve of his sweatshirt over his hand and wipes the drops of water from Cas’ cheek.
“You’ve certainly made it very easy to do so, how could I not?” Castiel muses. “And Dean will be happy.”
He pushes at Dean’s chest and Dean wraps his hand around Cas’ wrist to pull him down into the sheets. Cas settles his weight on top of Dean, all firm lines and heavy muscle and it’s so good. “Yeah, babe,” Dean breathes into Cas’ ear before he nibbles on it.
“A beehive.” Dean points to the corner of the space, opposite Cas’ planters. He was thinking of putting in a smoker but he’d be willing to give it up if Cas wants bees. “Bet I could build it.”
Dean shakes his head and laughs. “Brother,” he hooks a thumb at Sam. “Best friend,” Dean gestures at Charlie. “Sam and Charlie, this is Balthazar, king of Fable and the best mixologist in the Castro.”
It’s Valentine’s Day and after a quick meeting with the city planner, Dean is meeting Bobby at the house. He swings by the florist to pick up the dozen yellow tulips he ordered for Cas last week. Dean has everything ready for later, except the installation of Cas’ gift, which is why Bobby is at the house.
Wincing, Dean remembers the terrible landing in Costa Rica. “Nah, landing was a little bumpy, got my stomach all worked up. And on the last flight, I was too busy prayin' to think about eatin'.” He shifts in his seat so Sam knows Dean's giving him a
Later, when they’re wrapped around each other and Cas asks him if he had a good Halloween, Dean answers without hesitating.
“Hell yeah, dude. It’s all they’re talking about on the Reddit comic boards. You guys are hot right now!”
“I have a ring,” Cas confesses around sweet slips of laughter. “It’s in my sock drawer.” Before Dean can stop him, he’s rolling out of bed and crossing the room, shooting Dean a grin over his shoulder before he pulls his top drawer open to take out a black ring box.
. A real family that chose him, not one that was forced to put up with him, one that made sure he knew how much he disappointed them still, despite everything he had given up to please them.
He admires the new photos Max has up; various close ups of cakes and pies. It reminds him of the night before and he smirks when he slips on his sunglasses and walks outside. A few steps later finds him inside Fable, a low bass playing from the kitchen area and neither Meg nor Balthazar anywhere to be found. Dean leans over the hostess stand and taps his fingers against the podium.
She fills the sink with water for the dishes and Castiel pushes her away to take her place. “Let me, you check on your cousin.” He pulls up the sleeves of his sweater to keep them dry and as he adds the soap, he takes a moment to consider his next words.
