“Seems like the drugs would be counterproductive to that,” said Sherlock.
“I’m not. But your mother has asked me to make sure you don’t hurt the houseguest.”
Sherlock stood and Lestrade turned at the sound of the flat’s front door squeaking open. “Sherlock? Lestrade?” John called in the tone of someone trying to find a person in a library—that is, wanting to be heard while also staying quiet.
“I know what a salad fork is, Sherlock,” John snapped.
John threw off the blanket and sat up. “Why am I even listening to you?” he wondered. “Where’s Sarah? I should be talking to Sarah, not you.”
“No you’re not.”
“Who’s Irene?” asked John.
John nodded numbly, pushed the curtain out of the way, and led the way to the door.
Sherlock ripped the sketch in half, ripped those pieces in half again, and pulled a lighter from his coat pocket.
“But he didn’t,” said Lestrade.
“Of course I need you,” said Sherlock. “You’ve given me something to think about at least; I was worried the week was going to be dull.”
And then Sherlock found himself roughly pushed aside as the paramedics took over.
“In a what? A bath?” John asked. He turned to look at Sherlock, wondering why Irene had lost all her color. But Sherlock’s expression was studiously neutral. “I don’t have time now for all that,” John explained. “As it is, Sarah will be here any minute.” He pulled free of Irene once more and trudged toward the bathroom, pausing at one point to steady himself with the back of a chair.
There was no immediate response and Sherlock was about to put his phone away when a final text chimed.
“Private number. Probably spam.”
John barked a laugh. “He can detect anything but an authentic emotion.”
“I see you had the good sense to keep the team out until I got here.” Sherlock joined Lestrade in the doorway. “Who are they?”
“You’re a tease,” accused Sherlock, and it was clear to John that he now had his flatmate’s full attention as the third button gave way.
“Unless you’ve changed your mind?” John asked.
The voice came closer to John’s ear. “If I make the mistake of caring, will it save you?”
Lestrade studied him for a minute as if trying to gain an honest answer to the question. But all he said was, “I’ll send half this crew upstairs here and we’ll bring the other half over to the Ritz.”
Sherlock sighed. “I’ve been doing that all day,” he complained.
“Almost.”
John watched with alarm as Sherlock grabbed his coat off its hook. “Now what are you doing?”
John cleaned as much as he needed to get a look at the location of the actual wound. Not the heart, thank whatever God was in heaven, but nearly. So close, so very close . . . The ribs were almost certainly broken, shattered even, and there was a real chance the left lung had been pierced. When had Eoin become such a good shot? Had he always been, or had he practiced for this?
And John stared at the hand as if expecting something. Though when nothing happened, he asked, “What?”
“John!”
, Sherlock corrected himself.
“You planning to keep him waiting?” Harry asked.
“Yeah.”
“Oh,” answered Sarah, visibly affected, but she rallied quickly. “And I suppose that was one time you chose to listen to him.”
Lestrade, for his part, was not as amazed as Sherlock seemed to think he should be, but the truth was nothing Sherlock did surprised him any more. Even rising like Lazarus from the grave.
But Sarah wasn’t the type to let questions go unanswered, either. “Then you were there as what? Helping Sherlock?” she asked.
Sherlock turned his attention to the man who stood at the foot of the bed. Tall and muscular, thinning hair, good posture. Military. Possibly militant as well. At the very least, he clearly had expectations about how his son should behave. Yelling at his sister was evidently
“Mmm,” said Sherlock from where he stood at one of the windows. It was the room’s saving grace that it was at the corner of the house and had windows on two sides. “You’ll want to use this bathroom,” he said, pointing to a door.
“Is there something to dip it in?” Sherlock asked when John handed him a fresh plate of naan, and the detective appeared surprised when John groaned aloud. Before Sherlock could ask what was wrong, the door opened and Mycroft stepped in, looking for all the world like a sovereign on a state visit.
“Who would have given him—?”
. You’re Irene? I think he’s maybe mentioned you . . .”
“Whenever a man tells a woman something, she invariably views it as an opportunity to redouble her efforts in the hopes of changing his mind,” said Sherlock. “No, she’ll either need to come to the conclusion on her own or have someone else—another woman would be best—tell her.”
“Call the police,” Sherlock said before the guard could utter a word. “Ask for Inspector Lestrade and tell him the man they’re looking for is in the museum archives.”
“Can you walk?” John asked Sherlock.
“You always talk a lot when you’re nervous. Here.” Sherlock stopped in front of one of the doors and rapped on it loudly. A few seconds later it swung open and they were greeted with a screech of, “Sherl! You’ll never guess who I’ve—”
John looked at where Sherlock’s finger was aimed. A female figure with a hood overshadowing her face stood angled between Markham’s Simeon and the Holy Family. (In fact, Mary was also turned away so that her face could not be seen, and John fleetingly wondered if Markham had a streak of misogyny in him.) The robed woman held a scroll in one hand and had the other arm crooked around an odd sort of carved chest.
“And which you’ve never bothered to disabuse them of,” John supplied.
“I won’t,” said Sherlock.
And now from down the hall came the sound of footsteps.
“It’s impolite to stare,” Sherlock intoned quietly.
Then his senses began to flood him with information. John was not muttering, not moving. It was true that the flailing had begun to abate over the past day, but this calm was unprecedented.
“It’s . . . a long story.”
“Irene,” said John.
John swallowed. “Actually, that’s what I’m wondering too.”
That line of thought was getting him nowhere, John realized, but he seemed unable to shake free of it.
Suddenly there was a black-and-white image thrust in front of his face. It took Sherlock a second to understand Moriarty was showing him a picture on his cell phone. John and someone Sherlock could only assume was Eoin were exiting a building. Eoin looked young, Sherlock decided; mid- to late twenties? Dark hair and eyes, about an inch shorter than John, and squarely built; “Roman gladiator” came to mind upon seeing him.
There was a split second during which John considered ignoring her, but he’d need to ask her about the keys anyway, so he stopped in the open doorway. Gerrie was standing; Elyse sat in an overstuffed chair designed to invite reading or dozing, though she did neither, opting to stare out a window instead.
But he would need to have some kind of relationship with them. Better it be a polite one, Sherlock supposed. And as John did not appear to be very close to them (though they seemed not to have noticed), it might yet be possible to keep them at arm’s length.
“WHERE THE HELL do you get off inviting Christopher to this ceremony?”
“We only started at the end of January. I would have told you all about him in July.”
Irene squinted at the phone. “Maybe he’s drugged?” she asked, glancing in Jonah’s direction.
average; I can see how you’d go unnoticed.”
John rose as well. “Is it more important that they be hydrangeas or that they be blue?”
“Sorry, but what is a martlet exactly?” John finally asked.
The malicious and suggestive tone divulged a deeper understanding of the situation than Sherlock had been prepared for. He turned to Lestrade, who reluctantly stood as well. “Go on, Anderson,” the inspector directed. “I’m likely to be a while yet.”
“Mycroft?” Sherlock scoffed. “Why?”
John wasn’t sure if this was meant to be a compliment, so he let it go. “And how did you know it was Mycroft?”
“He wasn’t the one to tie you up?”
John stood there, blinking at the door and trying to process what he should do next. “I hope he at least goes home to change,” he said half to himself.
“I’ve been off them for almost a year and a half,” John told him. “Thanks to Irene. And Mycroft,” he added grudgingly.
John tried to shrug it off. Let Sherlock figure it out. Or Mycroft, when he arrived. There were sure to be some fireworks then, but John expected to be gone well before that.
“Doesn’t mean somebody won’t—” John began.
“Harry,” Mr. Watson warned again.
“When did she call?” Sherlock asked. He was simultaneously typing something on his cell phone.
Sherlock moved faster than John would have believed possible given his condition. He leapt out of the bed and threw himself against the door, locking it.
John blushed and looked away. “Will you be all right barefoot, or should I run out and fetch your shoes?”
John held up the bag he’d almost forgotten he was carrying. “Clothes.” He set the bag within Sherlock’s reach and went to the closet to retrieve the stolen coat. When he turned around, he found Sherlock ripping out the tubes in his left arm. “Don’t just—” John said, striding over and shutting off the drips.
“I didn’t, you know,” Christopher leaned to whisper in his ear.
“He’s not alone,” said Sherlock.
“No you don’t.” Sherlock pushed them the rest of the way down until they fell off the end of the bed.
John towed Sherlock to the margin of the pond and laid him on his back in the mud beside the water. “Come on,” he hissed through gritted teeth as he checked Sherlock’s pulse, which was rapid but steady, and watched for breathing.
The sound of movement in the next room pulled John out of his musings. He dropped the framed photo back onto the bed; it was lovely, but John felt he had no right to it. Trying to stay quiet, he went to the closet for his bag.
“What are you getting at?” John asked her. “That he has a crush on me or something?”
“Sixteen, maybe twenty feet at the deepest point. But Elyse swims beautifully,” she added.
Mycroft only blinked at him. “Set it on the desk there, if you would, Doctor,” he told John, though his eyes never left his brother.
“Like a trap?” Irene asked.
“Why didn’t Mycroft just give Moriarty his lily instead of . . . all the rest?”
It was, up to then, the nicest thing Sherlock had said to him in the context of their relationship—which wasn’t saying much, but John reckoned he should take what was offered in the spirit he hoped it had been intended. Yet he couldn’t stop himself from saying, “I’d hate to distract you.”
John thought about it. “He was partway on top of it, but yes, the muzzle was facing him.”
“You don’t owe him any favors,” said Sherlock. “Or me, for that matter.”
say, and work from there,” Irene offered.
But Sherlock’s attention was devoted to his phone. Neither John nor Irene was responding to his texts, which meant he’d have to call, something he hated to do.
“You think he’ll be helpful in this?” Lestrade asked.
How on earth had such a touchy-feely mother raised someone like Sherlock? Or even Mycroft, for that matter?
“Either.”
The man smiled and winked conspiratorially, putting Mrs. Grossman to the blush.
“Some saint you would have made,” said John, and Sherlock winced. “Omission is still a sin.” He rose from his chair, took his plate and went into the kitchen.
“No, not exactly, but you haven’t been
“Patrick? Who the hell is Patrick? He needs me.” John felt as close to frantic as he could ever remember being.
He slid his key into the lock and opened the door.
John sighed. He’d been well and truly abandoned.
Sherlock scowled as he set the calyx on the floor. “I am. I have been, and he only repays me in grief.”
“Oh, and I suppose you’ll want something, too,” John snapped, taking both Holmes aback. As John stalked back over to the kitchen, Mycroft sent Sherlock a questioning look, and Sherlock answered with a small shake of his head.
“Lie down,” John instructed.
SHERLOCK EXITED THE bathroom shirtless and resigned to whatever ministrations John might feel necessary, if only to keep from being alone. It was strange, this desire not to think; it had been some while since Sherlock had last felt the need to break free of his own brain. He thought of his mind as a computer, always on and running, humming in the background when not in direct use. Powering it down was not an option, had not been since Mycroft’s and Mother’s intervention. So far, though, Sherlock had managed not to be tempted. John acted as added insurance; not only was he a doctor and likely to be stridently vocal should he find Sherlock mainlining, but he served as a valuable distraction. Too much time alone with not enough to do had always been a debilitating combination, but Sherlock had discovered that he did not crave as much time to himself with John as a flatmate. If nothing else, John was an interesting socio-emotional case study, and he also gratifyingly never ceased to be amazed by Sherlock’s work, even at those times when Sherlock himself found it unchallenging and dull.
“Well, computers need programs to run. And I’m his self-diagnostic program.”
Mycroft huffed and began listing the digits, leaving John to scramble for something to write on and with. He ended up using the flyleaf of one of his books after finding a stray pencil in the night table drawer. But in so doing, he accidentally stepped on the fallen photo, furthering the damage.
“Yet here you are, in neither of those places.”
John groaned and walked heavily up the rest of the way to the flat. Where did this leave him, then? With a would-be girlfriend who thought he was involved with his flatmate, and a flatmate who was involved in God only knew what.
Sherlock studied his feet for a moment before asking, “So what’s in it then?”
“And the dogs. How did they react?”
They needed to go back to Markham’s flat.
“How was I supposed to kn—”
“I want a name, Sherlock!” Mycroft demanded.
“You don’t want to be here when they arrive?” John asked.
Lestrade sighed and bent for a look. “But who tied you up then?”
“Out of town. Why?”
“It’s all relative, I suppose.”
“Am I dreaming?” Sherlock asked suddenly.
, John marveled,
“You won’t.”
“They won’t,” said Elyse, though John noticed she hung back. “Not without a command, I don’t think.”
“Really?” John looked over his shoulder as if expecting to be able to see flags, tents, people—whatever constituted this jubilee. “Should we go?”
He came to the green room and immediately noticed his jacket had been tossed onto a chair. Remembering his gun, he pulled it out of his waistband for a look. Had a round been fired? He opened the chamber and saw that, no, it was full.
He was cold again, but sweating. And it suddenly occurred to him that he wasn’t wearing a shirt. When had he taken his shirt off? He burrowed again, the covers now almost over his head, making it difficult to breathe.
“You’ve just showed you can do it,” Irene pointed out.
“State your destination,” the car said again. Did it sound more irritable this time? So John cleared his throat and said, “Lambeth Palace.”
In his defensiveness, John forgot to be afraid and finally opened his eyes. “I thought I might need it to find you this morning.”
“Oh, absolutely.” He glanced again at Irene who was watching him now with a quizzical look on her face. “I have to go now, but I’ll be in touch again soon.” He ended the call before Lestrade could say anything more.
“It’s not my bag, and you know it,” said John.
“Can we use blue for some of the decoration? It’s my—”
John eyed him carefully, but unable to find any trick in the words, finally nodded his agreement.
“And no raisins,” Sherlock put in.
“That you’re getting married. You’ll want him to stand with you, won’t you?”
So where had he been before this? He’d had tea . . . That must have been yesterday. He’d gone out some time after because Lestrade had called and asked him to go look at a crime scene the police couldn’t make heads or tails of. Sherlock remembered getting in a cab . . . riding for a bit, then realizing something wasn’t right . . . He’d met the cabbie’s eyes in the rearview mirror . . .
JOHN TRIED NOT to dwell while changing his clothes, and whenever he started to dwell, he told himself the stress and strain of planning was to blame for the flares of temper both he and Sherlock had been subject to of late. It was one thing after another: guest lists and seating charts, menus, flowers, invitations, tailors, photographers, music, and now cake. Add to all this the fact that Sherlock was far from his natural habitat of the intensity of London, that John continued to be restricted by doctors’ orders, and that Irene had put them in separate bedrooms, and the result was a steady decline in goodwill from all sides.
“That’s right. Madeline Dawson. She was the one who called; they’re questioning her now.”
John looked up; Irene looked away. She sat perched on the vinyl chair and stared at the already wilting flowers behind her as if they were the most wondrous things she’d ever seen. But even with her head turned and much of her hair in the way, Sherlock could see she was blushing.
“So? You could have taken it anyway. Wouldn’t be the first time you’d done something insincere.”
Sherlock blinked but did not bother to elaborate or offer any details.
Irene only looked at him.
John wasn’t sure what to say. He could tax Sherlock with having shot a neighbor’s dog, but he didn’t see that it would do any good. So he backtracked. “So how can I help with Miss Baskerville?”
“Good man. Call me as soon as you know anything.”
“On the contrary, they appeared quite conclusive. Just unusual.”
“That’s it, in the case?”
“Maybe for some people, but not for you.”
“You’re okay to ride?” asked John.
“Dug around where?”
An ivory-handled penknife held a card to the door.
“What? Oh. Shirt . . .” Sherlock looked at the chest-of-drawers. John was a tidy person, with habits bred in the military; his clothing would be ordered accordingly. Guessing that shirts would come after undergarments but before jeans, he chose a drawer in the middle and was rewarded by the discovery of three stacks of neatly folded shirts. Sherlock selected one off the top, and John shrugged the blanket from his shoulders and, with careful deliberation, managed to put on the garment Sherlock handed to him.
“I need to do something with this first,” said John, giving Brandywine’s rein a shake.
“You wouldn’t.”
“Also in disguise?”
It didn’t help that there were no lights on the in the flat when he got there. The only illumination came from the rapidly deepening sky outside the windows. John thought Sherlock must be out, but a quick glance around showed that his flatmate was merely asleep on the sofa. Sherlock was curled up with his back to the room and was so utterly still that John suffered a moment of full-blown panic that the worst had happened—that Sherlock was dead.
Sherlock was lifting the top slice of bread for a better look at the contents of his sandwich. “Uh . . . no. Are those grapes?”
“No . . .” But what set John off was how Sherlock actually looked at the door as if considering the option.
“If a crime was committed—”
“Probably not,” John admitted.
But now John was left standing in his room worrying that he had nothing to give Sherlock in return. Would Sherlock even wear a ring if John gave him one? It would be better to let Sherlock pick his own at any rate; though Sherlock had shown no especial interest in jewelry, John suspected he was the sort to be choosy.
“We’ll need to see it,” said Lestrade.
“Where’s Irene?” Mycroft asked. “She’ll want to come along, too, I’m sure.”
“And?”
“Sargent Donovan does not qualify,” Sherlock countered.
“JOHN?” SARAH ASKED as she opened the door a fraction.
“You all right?” John asked, looking in from the driver’s side.
Sherlock stopped short on the threshold of John’s bedroom then quickly eased the door closed behind him. His eyes darted to the door of their flat and he sighed; he’d forgotten to lock it after Mycroft had left earlier.
“Feels like eternity.”
Sherlock had disappeared into what seemed to be a huge closet. “I don’t think there’s anything to be curious about. Mycroft would have known you’d need . . .” He didn’t finish the thought.
He looked to Sherlock, who was still frowning as Lestrade accepted handcuffs from one of Mycroft’s security people. But John’s eyes were drawn to the bright red flower whose petals were slowly opening across Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock hesitated.
And at the end of it all, in the ruins of a once neatly made bed, John had been brave enough to wrap his arms around his lover as they fell asleep, something Sherlock normally didn’t enjoy, often citing his need for space. But that night, Sherlock had drawn closer, prompting John to tighten his hold. And Sherlock had murmured those three words that would haunt John later, from the moment he found the letter to the ambulance ride two years later:
Then Sherlock said, “I need you to tell me about Eoin.”
Using the base of the statue, which was the heaviest part, Sherlock hit the wall twice more, at which point the bricks began to give. Sherlock set the statue down to pull at the loosened blocks with his hands.
“Why?”
AFTER MAKING THEMSELVES as neat and hay-free as they could, John and Sherlock returned to the house with the sole intention of showering (separately, just to keep focus) and readying for the arrival of John’s parents. But Mrs. Grossman was already preparing lunch in the kitchen, and when she asked, “Did you have a nice ride, then, lads?” John’s stricken expression nearly gave the game away. Lucky for them she was intent on her work.
Sherlock didn’t respond.
“Sit up!” Moriarty shouted suddenly, and as John lifted his head, he felt the point of the knife being driven into his right shoulder.
John eyed him warily.
Sherlock did not deign to answer, and John sank a little lower in his seat.
“Yes, they had one terrible mason whom they allowed to lay a couple dozen bricks before chucking him out,” said Sherlock. “And then they didn’t bother to fix it besides. That seems very plausible.”
Sherlock eyed her for a long moment. “But if there were any chance, you would steal him,” he deduced, and she broke into a broad grin.
Tamzen pulled Jonah over to let Demetria out of the booth. “Her show’s really good,” said Tamzen as the drag queen stalked off, stopping now and again to chat with people in the crowd.
Fifteen minutes later, John was wishing he had taken Lestrade’s advice to at least stop for tea, since “almost there” to Sherlock amounted to a twenty-minute walk. They had to be halfway back to Baker Street, in John’s estimation. Then Sherlock stopped in front of a building, and after a moment John recognized it as the one they’d been in the previous afternoon, one that looked much like any other building in the area. John wasn’t sure how Sherlock’s internal compass worked, but he couldn’t help admiring it.
John turned his head toward Sherlock, who in turn had his head turned slightly away. John could still smell the soap and shampoo and aftershave, mixed now with the antiseptic smell of the hospital gown and sheets—but for a moment John was able to clearly picture all the care Sherlock would have put into his grooming routine that day. Oh, Sherlock could be fastidious even on an average day, but that day he would have checked and re-checked, adjusted and re-adjusted until someone (presumably Mycroft) dragged him away from the mirror. And while it would be easy to label Sherlock as vain—and in many ways he was, though not in looks, John had learned—no, in truth when it came to appearance Sherlock was simply insecure. He was the scrawny, gangly kid who’d grown too tall too quickly and was no good at sports. But he more than made up for it with his brilliant mind. (And that was where the vanity came in.)
“Good weather wakes you up?”
John glared at Sherlock, who acted as if he didn’t notice, then stalked out of the room, returning a few minutes later with the adhesive. He handed it to Sarah, and she perched herself on the edge of a table. “Let’s take a look,” she said.
Mycroft scowled. “Are you here because your cupboards were bare?”
Sherlock was sitting up, eyes closed, a gun in his lap. Moriarty was nowhere to be seen.
And the night of May third, which had been the best night of John’s life, though looking back now he could see how Sherlock had hidden everything from him.
“Some kind of festival in town,” Sherlock said.
John rolled his eyes. “Yes,” he sighed.
, John supposed. He felt bad about leaving her with the tea dishes but did as he was told because it was becoming increasingly clear that Gerrie Holmes was not someone to cross.
“Sometimes it can’t be helped when we’re extracting bodies from a scene,” Lestrade explained. “But we photograph everything first in case it becomes important later.” He unlocked the door to Markham’s flat and pushed it open. “All yours.”
“Can he get into the hospital computers and forge a discharge for you?” John asked.
Sherlock pulled another loose sheet free, glanced at it, cast it aside. “We could be out of here faster if you’d help.”
In the end, Sherlock made the choice for him. “It’s fine, John,” he murmured at last.
Lestrade nodded. “Right, the lab said it appeared to be some new derivative of heroin or opium.”
“Come, John,” said Sherlock, “let’s get you cleaned up.”
“It’s not that unusual; they need to match people to residue at the scene.”
Demetria laughed and leaned around to address Irene. “He’s funny, Rainy.”
“Mycroft then?”
Now Sherlock tried working backwards to find the source of John’s mood. Was it the ring? He’d been on about the ring ever since noticing it (or the lack of it), but it hadn’t seemed to bother John so much until Sherlock put it on. Well, and Sherlock had offered to take it off, but that had only upset John more. Why?
Sensing a change, Sherlock broke off. “John?”
“You and I, John,” Sherlock told him.
“My brother and your sister.”
“You would know all about that, I suppose,” she spat.
“You should find out who he is,” Sherlock told Lestrade. “If there’s no note, maybe he has a blog we can look at.”
“It’s awful,” said Sherlock.
But Sherlock had already exited. He started to pull the door closed behind him, but stopped when he stepped on John’s discarded shirt. Bending to pick it up, he tossed it into his room, then proceeded to shut the door.
These words were familiar. John had said them himself not so many days before. They’d been playing . . . pretending . . .
Benjamin Markham and his as-yet unnamed companion bore a notable likeness to Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
“His pride and joy,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock sighed. Telling Lestrade he was in New York would be folly; the inspector wasn’t as quick witted as Sherlock, but he’d put two and two together when news of the burglary broke. So he answered with a vague
John was forced to compose his reply between shudders. “No . . . God, no . . . why . . . would I . . .?”
John gave in and opened his eyes. “I’d like to still be sleeping.”
“Uh, yes. He does, yes,” said John, finally putting the puzzle together. “If you could just show me?”
John waited, but Sherlock didn’t say anything more. “And?” John prompted.
“Did he come back to see you?” Mycroft demanded.
“Tomorrow’s fine, Mum, I’m not going anywhere.”
Elyse tossed her head with impatience. “I’m sure you can’t drive your car through a wooded chase.” She swung herself onto the blue roan and waited for John to follow.
John’s mind had already begun to wander again, and he started in surprise. “Pardon?”
“What about the angle?” he asked Irene.
Irene sat back against the cushions of the booth they sat in. “Well, Christopher wasn’t, you know, famous back then. If that’s what you call it. He was just starting to get noticed when Sherl broke up with him.”
John waited for her to order him out of the house, which would have been fine by him because suddenly he was too tired to care any more; he just wanted to go home and be done with this insanity. But Gerrie appeared to be speechless. She just kept blinking at him, unable to salvage the situation with any kind of polite gloss.
Irene trotted to keep up. “Believe me, if he’d let me, I’d do it in a heartbeat.”
Sherlock handled this as he came to handle much in five days that followed. He endured John’s kicking and thrashing, holding him still periodically to pour some water down his throat. He wiped John’s streaming eyes and nose. He patiently and repeatedly returned thrown blankets to the bed. He restrained John from scratching so hard and viciously that the force of it threatened to leave bruises and abrasions.
“Maybe that’s where the ring is,” John suggested.
“Suddenly it matters?” John asked her.
Harry and Irene both looked toward the door, but Sherlock kept his eyes on John, who gave a small sigh and shut his lids once more.
“We could pick something out . . . somewhere . . .” John went on, looking out the window again. “Where are we going?”
Sighing, John stepped into the flat. “What’s a Candlemas mural look like, exactly?” he asked as he began sorting through the nearest stack.
“How much did Lumley know?”
The woman handed him the envelope. “There is someone—the hotel, someone who needs—” She made an indecipherable gesture.
Sherlock stayed put and Moriarty heaved a disappointed sigh. “You do like making things hard for me.”
Sherlock shot Irene a dark look from over his shoulder. She answered with a hopeless little shrug.
“Not this time,” came the familiar voice from the other side of the room. “Not yet anyway.”
THERE WAS NOTHING in John’s stomach, but that didn’t stop his body from trying to eject its contents just the same. The result was abundant dry heaving with the occasional yield of stomach acid and bile.
“You’re not giving me anything to work with,” Irene countered.
John had thought being alone would be better than having other people bothering him, but now that he was alone, he wished he weren’t. He blinked at the room around him, so white and familiar, though it wasn’t one he ever spent any amount of time in. It was a formal room, a staging area, the first stop on the tour. Being there alone made John feel impermanent and forgotten.
“Well, the boy’s name isn’t in any of the paperwork, his being a minor and all. But the name of the person bringing charges . . .”
, John reminded himself—someone he’d never heard Sherlock mention, and yet she was an “old friend”?) in the living room was laughing. Had Sherlock said something amusing? “Well I’m alone now, aren’t I?” John asked Mrs. Hudson. “Except for you,” he added when he realized how that must have sounded. “Sorry.”
“Irene’s done plenty,” said John.
“John, you’re brilliant,” said Sherlock.
And now Sherlock appeared truly confused. “There is no one better.”
From over in the bed, John began to mumble something in his sleep.
“No, it’s—” He looked again at Lestrade, who had stepped away with the doctor. “A friend’s. You can call Mycroft if you need to reach me.”
to put a bandage on it; you seem to have no problem letting her drape herself all over you.”
“Well,” John said briskly, dropping his gaze so that he appeared to be looking at the bodies and yet not seeing them at all, “not much by way of lividity yet, so they haven’t been dead long.”
“He made it plenty clear that he didn’t want me anywhere near them,” said Sherlock, rising. “Anyway, he has Eoin to back him up.”
“Wouldn’t look for any help from him.” Sherlock went to the chair for his coat and phone. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I am late for dinner.” He paused, walked around the bed and lifted the watch from the nightstand. “
Irene put John on the spot. “You think this is a good idea?”
“But he was honestly angry when I told him . . .”
“John!” Mrs. Watson scolded. “How could you go and get engaged without telling us?”
After a few minutes of winding up his courage, Sherlock opened the door.
“There’s not even any bruising,” Sherlock told him as he sat on the edge of the bed and began to unbutton his shirt.
“Is it reasonable to believe Whitcombe would hold a grudge?” Lestrade asked.
“He never would,” Sherlock said.
hate to disappoint him,” John admitted.
“Then what do they
“At one point, yeah. He told Whitcombe to . . . leave me alone.”
Sherlock was so busy following these various threads of logic that he was surprised when Harry said, “My brother loved you.”
Darting another look at his flatmate, John answered, “Cleared my head a bit, yeah.”
John looked over at her again. “Why would that make sense?”
“I’m not. I’m turning around.”
“Are you all right?” John asked him.
John leaned over and Sherlock’s eyes flew open. “What are you doing?”
John glanced at the windows. “It’s still dark; it’s too early.”
“You’re free to check on him once you hand it over,” Moriarty told him.
John appeared in the doorway and paused, much as Lestrade had done when he’d first arrived. The inspector was gratified to observe that John immediately recognized what he was seeing and had much the same reaction, a hesitancy to go any nearer.
“We should be sipping champagne in our master suite,” said John.
“You’ll see what I mean.” Sherlock pointed as he walked himself through the placement of bedrooms. “Mum,” he said, pointing to the foremost door. “Mycroft’s is there . . .” He indicated the middle door.
The cool, fresh air served to sober them a little, and they walked in charitable silence. John was surprised when Sherlock took his hand (Sherlock not being prone to overt forms of affection), but he decided to simply enjoy the novelty instead of questioning it.
“You always get irritable when you’re hungry.”
John nearly choked on the piece of moo shoo he’d just popped into his mouth. “Sorry?”
“Two men on a horse?” John asked.
impossible when he’s bored,” John corrected. “But this case is . . . It’s a little strange, even for Sherlock, so . . .”
So maybe it
And once more.
“Oh, they have an answer,” said Lestrade, “though they’re running the tests again to be sure it’s correct.”
It dawned on John what they must have been talking about, and for a split second he thought maybe he should leave after all. But Lestrade was already carrying on, though he darted glances in John’s direction regularly. “It went on for . . .?”
, John told himself. But another part of him responded that if Mycroft had meant it for Sherlock, he wouldn’t have hidden it in John’s shoe.
“Maybe breaking it open would have risked the contents somehow. Or maybe Mycroft simply didn’t want to ruin it.” Sherlock opened his eyes as another thought struck him.   “Maybe . . . He had been asked by whomever gave him the box not to destroy it . . .”
There was nothing more. No signature. Unless “Bell” was meant to be the sender?
“Are you talking to me or to Sarah?” Sherlock asked.
There was to be no processional in the traditional sense. Sherlock would go out with Mycroft to stand by him, and John would go out with Harry, God help him. A new fear struck. “She’s not drunk, is she?” he asked.
That day saw Mr. John off to the stables after breakfast, and after clearing the dishes, Mrs. Grossman was on her way to see to his room when there came a knock at the door. Being not at all a young lady, it took Mrs. Grossman some little time to turn herself around on the stairs and come down again.
“Do you have a phone?” John asked.
“Yeah.”
John dragged his eyes away and refocused on the letters. Some were yellowed, a few were newer, and while some came from various names and postmarks, the bulk of them had one particular return address.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I need to know about the museum. You’ve been?”
John looked down at his shirt, but it was as if he couldn’t see straight or clearly. Taking pity on him, Irene reached out and began to fix his buttons. “I wish you’d been my sister,” he said, really just thinking aloud, but a corner of Irene’s mouth quivered slightly, though the smile remained fixed.
“Not stop, just . . . postpone.”
“I don’t . . . know,” Sherlock admitted. The words pained him; he didn’t like not knowing things. “But maybe he’d be happier with Eoin, or anyone else for that matter. Maybe being with him is a way of hurting him.”
But Sherlock was looking at Irene again. He needed more information, something to work with. “Why were you there, Irene? That Hallowe’en?”
“He keeps you on the defense to prevent you from mounting an offense. It’s all smoke and mirrors with him.”
And yet Mycroft had thought nothing of using his younger brother as a test subject for a new biological agent not so long ago, either.
They had finally come around to the Greek and Roman Art exhibit and Sherlock broke free of Irene and her incessant chatter to view the wide variety of bowls, cups and vases displayed in the glass cases. It wasn’t long before he found what he was searching for, though he made it a point to only glance at it and move on quickly.
“That’s when I usually come visit,” said Irene.
And Sherlock was about to ask time for what, exactly, but John said, “I want to do it while the lawn is still green. And I don’t want to wait another year.”
Well, maybe not
John turned and gathered the tea things, forgetting his earlier desire to save them from Sherlock’s battering and so putting them at jeopardy once again as he all but slammed them to the tray and the tray onto the kitchen counter. Sherlock’s untouched cup slopped a bit and John hissed an oath; he just wanted to go to bed now, but if he didn’t clean this it would sit out indefinitely until it finally became one of Sherlock’s experiments.
Sherlock opened his eyes. He’d removed to the guest chair when the kissing had come dangerously close to going too far. Not that he wouldn’t have risked it, but John had made it absolutely clear how he felt about the possibility of getting caught out by a nurse, never mind potential damage to his wounds. At some point, Sherlock realized now, he must have drifted off. And Mycroft had been right; he was sorry for it. His neck was stiff from the awkward angle at which it had fallen.
“I was only surprised because he’d never done anything else I’d asked of him,” muttered Sherlock, now sorting with barely contained fury.
“And yet here you are, not dead at all. Did you suddenly learn to swim?”
“A couple hours out. You’ll watch John?”
“—security system,” she was saying now. “John? Did you hear me?”
But all Sherlock said was, “What else did you find?”
“I’m not going to let anything happen to you, John,” Sherlock promised.
“What did Markham do?” Sherlock asked suddenly. “To get himself ‘excommunicated’?”
Mycroft looked up at his younger brother for a long moment before answering, “Be careful, Sherlock. I suspect there’s more to this than you know.”
“His fiancée found them, of all things,” said Lestrade.
“No,” said Sherlock. He stepped farther back so the two men could get a good look at one another. “John, this is Mr. Charles Whitcombe.”
“Bitch upset the boat,” Sherlock said somewhat thickly. He sounded somewhere between surprised and aggrieved, but John chose to chalk it up to an onset of hypothermia.
Sherlock sensed his words lacked something that John needed in order to feel reassured. He recalled the pressure of having been faced with this question once before, and now he gave John the answer he’d given Moriarty then. “You’re my heart,” he said, his tone reasonable now. “Without you, I would be cold and dead. You are . . .
John watched for a minute, unsure whether to offer to help. He had told Sherlock to make his own tea, after all. But his flatmate was clearly agitated; maybe it was only fair for John to handle the domestic chores so that Sherlock could concentrate on his work?
“But we wanted to hear about your ride, dear,” Gerrie told him, all warmth returned. “You were saying something about Pharaoh?”
“You’re not driving,” said John.
Sherlock frowned and started to shrug off John’s hand, but even that small motion seemed to threaten his equilibrium. He shot Mycroft an inscrutable look, but the older Holmes remained stone-faced.
“You know better.”
Sherlock blinked. “I’d say he asked himself in, really.”
“I told you he should be locked up,” said Donovan.
The first question was: where was the portfolio? Had whoever killed Markham and Lumley taken it? This seemed reasonable. But then again, Markham had to have known he was on the outs with the organization. Mycroft had said the Martlets had waited to kill him. Which would have given Markham ample time to hide his portfolio, if that was, indeed, the book in question.
“I loved you once,” Christopher said, as if reading Sherlock’s thoughts. “You’ll always have that much.”
This sent a bolt of awareness through John, and his eyelids rose. “I’m in the hospital, Irene. The only medication I’m on is whatever they’re giving me.”
Sherlock felt something hard and cold settle in his stomach as he rejected the mental image Moriarty had forcibly conjured. Moriarty was trying to upset him, use emotion against him; he needed to remain focused.
The name rang a bell, though John had trouble placing it. His girlfriend? Didn’t sound like a girl’s name . . .
Moriarty paused, his hand on the doorknob, and offered a small smile. “Yes, he must have. Good night, Sherlock.”
The stress of being threatened by an unknown source then. Sherlock was feeling it, too, and could certainly sympathize with John if that were the issue. It was the reason he needed to focus on figuring things out.
“You should call Lestrade,” John said at length. “Get your mind on something else.”
“Shit!” John sat up so swiftly his body went to great pains to remind him of its injuries, and he flinched and hissed volubly.
Sherlock trailed dutifully after her throughout the rest of the downstairs without any further outbursts, and at last they came to the kitchen, at which point Mrs. Grossman instructed him to have a seat while she put on some tea.
Irene sat back and crossed her arms. “It does matter. If you’re emotionally compromised it could blow everything. Anyway, I won’t help you unless you tell.”
“Well, but they both care about you, so . . . You want some help?” John had started to stand, but his body was still not fully cooperating, and he’d been forced to sit again.
John shrugged off the pilfered article of clothing and went to the closet in the corner of the room, where he slipped it under a stack of blankets and spare gowns. Then he made for the door.
Irene’s eyes flitted to Mr. Watson then back to Sherlock, who gave a small nod of assurance. So with a small smile and an awkward wave, she took her leave.
It was dark; the clock read 3:14. Sherlock peered at the figure slumbering next to him. He listened to the soft, steady breathing and knew the worst was over.
“Wouldn’t? Or couldn’t because even he doesn’t know why you’re upset?”
“A baker and an architect,” said Sherlock. “That’s an interesting pairing.”
“Does it make a difference?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock laughed. Irene was far from poor, though she put up a good front. It wouldn’t do to advertise her light fingers by living beyond what, for all intents and purposes, counted as her means. Though Sherlock privately thought she should at least spring for better furniture.
John’s eyes darted from Sherlock to Mycroft and back as he tried to decide on the best course of action. He could try to get Sherlock back to the flat, but he wasn’t convinced Sherlock wouldn’t collapse before they got that far.
Irene tugged his arm. “Let me introduce you properly.” She guided him through the crowd to the circular booth her friends occupied.
But Sherlock was shaking his head. “You don’t get up from making love, go drink a paralytic poison, then go back to bed. And there’s no note.”
John shook his head as if to clear it. “Nothing. I, uh, just need my car keys back.”
“There you are,” the man standing above him said; he sounded as if he were speaking to a child.
JOHN?
Sherlock turned the question around. What would
“Nothing when measured against some of yours,” Mycroft replied.
Sherlock had been headed toward his own room to change into day clothes, but he stopped with a frown. “Why?”
“Nothing,” Sherlock replied, switching on a friendly smile of his own. “Thank you.” He began to scan the façade of the building.
John tried desperately to think backward, to find the root of the problem. He had been at the flat. He’d been ready for bed, but Sherlock . . .
Seeming to understand, Lestrade handed his mobile phone to Sherlock, who dialed the number he had memorized for his old friend, hoping it hadn’t changed in two and more years.
John glanced over again but resisted the urge to reach out and touch Sherlock’s cheek. Not because it would wake him (it wouldn’t), but because, given the badly lit country road, the touchy way the Alfa Romeo drove, and John being tired, it didn’t seem wise to take a hand off the wheel.
“Did Mycroft hug you that night?”
“He’s the source of your new drug,” Sherlock informed him. “He works for Moriarty.”
“He just spent the past four days taking care of me while I was sick, Sarah. He’s not evil.”
“No. Yes. No and yes. I . . .”
“Don’t touch it.”
To his surprise it was the shorter one who answered; for some reason he’d assumed the taller man would be in charge. “Mr. Mycroft asked us to, yeah.”
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t know.”
“Throttle her later?”
“You’re as useless as ever, I see,” Sherlock told him as he pulled out his cell phone.
“I’m surprised you’ve taken it upon yourself to spend so much time away from the office,” Gerrie said.
“It was a matter of pride, with which I can sympathize. So yes, I acceded to his wishes on that point.”
“No,” John answered with a scowl.
John nodded as if he understood, though he wasn’t sure he did, exactly. He felt more like he was being warned of something. “I should probably . . . Need to drive back and all . . .”
“I’m looking for a sketch of a Candlemas mural,” Sherlock informed him. “You, on the other hand, don’t seem to be looking for much of anything.”
“In a rugged kind of—” Sherlock stopped and scowled at her trick.
“It’s almost midnight,” John said.
He was on the verge of telling Elyse to go back to the house—either house—and get help when someone walking a horse appeared at the edge of the trees. At first John felt a flood of relief, thinking that it must be Sherlock out on his ride, but he quickly realized that wasn’t the case. This man had graying hair, and though tall he walked slowly.
“They’ve hit your organization hard, have they?”
am I? Because sometimes you come in here, and . . . And then sometimes I’m doing your dishes and your laundry, and other times I don’t seem to exist at all.”
Only the briefest of pauses in Sherlock’s action gave away the fact that this statement had made an impact. “Really? Why?”
John was now leaning against the door, arms folded. “Because she tidied the room,” he concluded.
Sherlock offered a small smile. “Even if that’s true, I know from experience you are one of the best.”
“Well, worrying about you did.” Mycroft nudged his brother toward the door. “Now, the sooner you get some rest, the sooner you can be back here irritating the staff.”
Sarah realized then that John had finished and was now just staring at Sherlock, who had finally fallen asleep, it seemed. She studied John’s face for a moment and found in it the expression of a man who had begun to understand something—probably the very thing Sarah herself had known for a while, the reason she’d held John at a distance despite liking him very much.
Well then, what harm was one photo? If he promised himself he’d put it away somewhere until there came a time he was able to look at it with more fond nostalgia than longing?
John sat up. “Don’t ask.” He wasn’t about to admit he’d found the silk pajamas rather comfortable. “Do you even know how to make a bed?”
Sherlock closed the sandwich. “He has a girlfriend.”
“We could start with what you
“The euphoria is cycling down,” said Charles. “He’ll sleep for a bit, then wake up in need of more.”
“You’re here to see your own grave,” John accused.
“I’m not!” Sherlock protested. “I just want to be able to do what I do and be left alone to do it!”
John opened his mouth but couldn’t get any sound to come out before the morning room door opened.
“Let me have a look at you!” Irene stepped back and gave Sherlock the onceover then bit her lip and gave her head a tiny, disapproving shake. “I know that face. That’s the face of a broken heart.”
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked.
“They are exploiting your weaknesses,” the older Holmes went on, looking to his brother once more. “Patience isn’t on the very short list of your virtues.”
And all at once he didn’t care.
John turned. “You sound surprised.”
Irene began circling the table. “So that eliminates . . .” She began turning cards face down on the table. “But that’s just flavor,” she said. “You can have any of these designs, depending on the kind of icing you want.”
“That won’t be necessary,” he said aloud. “Just tell us what you know about the lilies and I can manage the rest.”
But then why was Mycroft so worried?
“I’ll bring him to you, and you can tell him,” Irene said.
“You’re nicer to that horse than you are to most people,” said John.
, Sherlock added silently, and all at once he saw that he was only doing the same in dragging John abroad. He was trying to stretch his two hours to the very last seconds.
His flatmate had done as instructed for once; he was wrapped in his blankets and already asleep. John took a seat on the edge of the bed and leaned in for a closer look at the wound. A cut, he decided, and nothing too serious; it had bled quite a bit, as head wounds were wont to do, but Sherlock had clearly used the towel to blot it, and the bleeding had stopped. Still, there was a chance of concussion. Someone would need to watch Sherlock for the next few days to be sure there were no lasting problems, and John had a feeling the job would likely fall to him.
“You think Anderson will discover that Whitcombe did to John what he did to me twenty years ago,” Sherlock concluded.
been placed there, arranged like dolls, because it was somehow too terrible to contemplate their dying in such a way. Had they known? Suffered? Which one of them had died first, and had the other one had time to mourn or feel alone before following?
“I’m not accusing you of anything, John, except predictability. You did exactly what Mycroft knew you would, what he wanted you to do. We need to know why he wanted you to do it.”
“What? Oh,” said Mrs. Watson as she turned to John. “All right, Johnny dear, we’ll be back to see you . . . when? Tonight? Tomorrow?”
But of course Sherlock kept pace. “And you touched it.”
EATING HAD DEFINITELY helped, John decided. He was able to walk without feeling like he might collapse at least.
“What makes you so sure?” John asked.
Sherlock glanced back at the wreckage of his hospital bed—the abandoned IV tubes, crumpled sheet, discarded gown—and replied, “It’s a bit late now. Where are my shoes?”
Sherlock shook his head, but John’s eyes darted to the ring.
“No,” said Sherlock.
“What made you want to move me to green?”
Still staring at the door, Sherlock said, “Lumley worked for Moriarty.”
Brandywine turned his head and snorted, causing John to jump. “Miss Baskerville,” he said, “there’s no reason for you to stay here. Why don’t you ride back to Weald House? I’ll wait and help Jeremy.”
“Well, I don’t think the Dawsons would like to have the news of their daughter’s fiancé being found dead in bed with his lover all over the front page.”
“She didn’t know anything about it. Said she’d never seen him wear one.”
“I’m a bit busy at the moment,” Sherlock told him.
“You look very natty,” Sherlock told him, “aside from the fact that you also look sick to your stomach. Feeling all right?”
“Maybe he wanted me to find the needles,” John suggested. “Do you want to explain those?”
“I find that highly unlikely,” Mycroft replied mildly as he followed his brother from the room, turning a practiced deaf ear to all ensuing protests.
John's drug habit is referred to as a "relapse" based on events in "Ganymede Cup." Sherlock says "heroin again" because the drug manufactured in that story was heroin based.
It made sense in a strange way. John wouldn’t normally return to the house this early; it would be the perfect time for a beau to stop in for some tea. And now he was leaving in a hurry and she was probably worried about repercussions.
“Nausea?” Charles asked sharply. He set the bowl on the table beside the bed and pulled out the notebook again. “You, John, are my insurance.”
“Um . . . Hi?” Sarah craned her head through the door. “Just thought I’d check on you two.”
“Oh, Chloe, don’t bother. Elyse! Come in!”
“Turn it off,” John said, reaching for the phone.
John frowned at the x-ray. “No immediate danger to his organs, but I’d feel better if we taped them.”
Sherlock visibly relaxed and began to walk again. “You’re not lying; I’d know if you were.”
“They’re uniting against me,” he said.
“Or maybe there was nothing to hide,” Sherlock said. “Maybe it was just . . .”
“Money?”
But the moment she disappeared to fetch the correct size, John was flooded with doubts. What if it didn’t fit? Worse, what if Sherlock didn’t like it? He supposed he should have let Sherlock pick it out on his own, that would have been easier, but it seemed like cheating somehow.
When John remained silent, Sherlock finally pulled together the courage to look at him and was shaken by the intensity of John’s gaze. The truth seemed to be dawning on John, even as the doctor warred with himself in an effort to stay hopeful that what he suspected wasn’t—couldn’t be—true. “How—?” John began, but his voice came out hoarse, so he cleared his throat and started again. “How do you know?”
SARAH HUNG BACK in the exam room, ready to be helpful but not wanting to intrude. It didn’t matter; John and Sherlock had apparently forgotten about her.
It was worth a shot.
Sherlock exchanged a glance with Irene. “Did they say anything else?”
Patrick sailed through the doors, and John wondered fleetingly if he’d passed Mycroft on the way, before having less charitable thoughts when Patrick took the seat on his other side and whispered in John’s ear, “I’ve released him into your custody.”
“Sherlock?”
Without question, Eoin pulled his phone from his pocket and handed it over, his only outward mark of distress a worried frown.
Lambeth Palace.
Sherlock shrugged. “It was either here or the boathouse, and even with the hazards of hay, I’d guess this has to be more comfortable.”
“Sarah’s on her way over,” John told him.
“Didn’t fall off waterfalls at least,” said Harry.
“Beige. Chose it himself.”
“He left you, John. You realize that, don’t you? Just as he did me.”
But Sherlock ignored the question. “And then you start to notice how many other cars there are on the road that are just like yours. Same make, same model, same color . . .”
“What color is his room?” John wondered.
“I have to, I’m afraid,” Sherlock told her.
“Lucky to have Sherlock for a bit, though. Mycroft makes it once a quarter, but Sherlock usually only bothers at Christmas. Can’t think what might have brought him here now . . .” And she pinned John with a wide-eyed look that clearly invited him to confide in her.
But Sherlock was gone.
And they were both dead.
“Because if you bring in a duffel, it’s bound to get noticed,” said Irene. “Come on. Let’s go pick something.”
He sighed and thumbed through his keys in search of the one he needed. He couldn’t keep going in circles; it was getting him nowhere. Fine then. He was done with it, at least until Sherlock showed himself willing to stick things out. If that ever happened, he could reevaluate. In the meantime, John refused to get dragged into any more of these exploits.
Panic threatened. But Sherlock could think of no way out of it. If he didn’t do as John asked, John would only keep probing.
“You wouldn’t want him to go the way of Christopher,” Irene persisted.
But John was waiting again, patient as always, and Sherlock owed him an answer. He glanced away again before speaking, though, to spare himself whatever reaction John was likely to have. “Moriarty told me.”
“Ah,” said Charles in understanding. “I simply hate to think you might be angry or disappointed, dearheart. I wasn’t sure how much you knew about the—the trial and my conviction and such. I know Mycroft was keen to keep you out of it, so I didn’t know how much filtered back to you.”
“Open it!”
John thought about declining to go. Not only did he want breakfast sooner rather than later, he had work at the clinic at midday covering someone’s shift. And Mycroft made him uncomfortable besides.
John had forgotten he’d put it in the back of his waistband. Though it was concealed by his jumper, Sherlock’s sharp eyes had noticed it immediately.
“Needed some air,” said Irene.
The clinic stayed busy, so Sarah hadn’t had many chances to observe John at work, but she was impressed with what she saw. He worked quickly but with supreme care. Maybe more care than was absolutely necessary? She watched the way John’s hands lingered for a second longer than needed after laying each strip of adhesive. But then looking at his face she realized it was because he was lost in thought. And the way his eyes traveled over Sherlock had more to do with John mentally piecing together the trauma that had been inflicted than it being some kind of visual caress.
“That would be a yes,” said Irene with a sigh.
“He’s been . . . his usual self . . .”
Sherlock eyed John as if he were honestly thinking it over. “So I do,” he said at length and stood. After making sure his legs wouldn’t buckle beneath him, John did as well.
“And what if something happens to you?”
“No hard work being good to someone who is good to you,” Mrs. Grossman pronounced as she disappeared to the lower level. “I’ll get your lunch started; you should eat before making the drive.”
In the core of his being, John felt this was important to hold on to, this deep mistrust of the man sitting next to him, regardless of all apparent solicitousness on That Man’s part. For now he only shook his head slightly, which caused his vision to swim and the room to rock around him. Then his eyes traveled to the desk where the vial and needle waited.
John glanced over his shoulder. “This way I’ll be able to tell you if anyone is coming.”
“I don’t think I can stand up,” John told him.
“No,” John admitted. “But I don’t want to spend any more time apart than we already have. And I think Sherlock will do what he wants anyway, so we might as well help him.”
“Elyse evidently contracted Moriarty to kill me. Or us. Doesn’t matter,” Sherlock said absently.
“You need to rest now, while you can,” Sherlock said.
“Come on,” Demetria insisted, then added as an aside to the crowd, “He’s waiting for the written invitation.”
“If we can figure that out, we might be able to figure out who he’s working for. Meanwhile, Victoria’s lily was easy enough to locate.”
But Sherlock shook his head. “You’ve done enough. More than enough.”
Mycroft put a steadying hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, and abstractly John realized that, because he was behind his brother, Mycroft could not see what had happened, what
“Oh, I think I do.” Sherlock stepped back, belt in hand, and took his wine glass from the desk. Drained it. “Take off your shirt.”
“Then you should go,” said Sherlock.
“Mr. . . . ?” John’s mind worked furiously.
“They don’t have a name, just a mark. Members call themselves Martlets.”
“I’ll see if I can make it last all night,” said John.
“He wrote to you?” Lestrade asked Sherlock.
THERE WERE FEW things in the world worse than having a surfeit of information and no way to act upon it. Particularly when one added a long flight to the equation.
“Then why do you make it so bloody difficult?” John asked.
Sherlock met his gaze. “I’m sorry, John.”
Lestrade stood. “How are you doing?”
“That he didn’t blame me, and that he would come find me after he was released.”
“What do you want, John?” Sherlock asked again. “I can’t give you anything until I know what you’re asking for.”
Lestrade did not fail to observe the way John flinched at this statement, and moved by something indefinable, the inspector half snapped, “Well, if anything should happen to you and John, I’ll be sure to check yours straight away.”
“I can’t think what came over him,” said Mrs. Grossman as she returned to stand beside the sofa. “He’s not given to spells.”
Sherlock was startled. “What?”
A fresh wave of spasms shook John’s body.
“You’re planning to give them the artifact?”
John reached over to a side table and switched on a lamp. Time to think about something to eat. He spared one more glance for his slumbering flatmate and paused. Sherlock’s left hand was between his chest and the back of the couch, the fingers bent into a relaxed fist as if Sherlock had fallen asleep holding something. John could just make out the glint of gold in the lamplight.
“I will try to be kind to Irene,” Sherlock said as they made their way back over the hill, out of the trees and into the July sunshine once more. “But . . .”
John glared.
“You can come in, John, if you like.”
“Don’t touch it,” Sherlock said when John reached out. Sherlock stepped around him for a better look. “Tarot card.”
“Who you’ve what?” Sherlock asked mildly as he pushed past her into the room. “Robbed this time?”
“Yellow? That won’t work.” He looked at John. “We’ll put you in the green room.”
Sherlock dropped the watch and ground it under his heel before departing.
“Sorry?”
“It’s nothing to do with me,” John replied brusquely. “Do what you want like you always do.”
Lestrade stood. “I should get back to headquarters and put all this . . . in the file . . .” He made no further excuse for his hasty exit.
John’s head spun and the room around him blurred. He blinked rapidly in an attempt to clear his vision. As he focused, John realized he wasn’t in the flat and wasn’t in a hospital; he was in a hotel room.
“Fine,” John told him. “I just . . . have work . . .”
Sherlock focused for a moment on the door. It was unlocked, which only confirmed what was now obvious—John had left. Sherlock felt a sudden prick of vulnerability, mixed with an aggrieved irritation that John had abandoned him.
Lestrade glanced uneasily between the two men before taking up his inquiry once more. “The file shows you were there the night they arrested Whitcombe.”
John nodded and pushed back from the table. “And I’ll just be on my way.”
SHERLOCK SAVED HER the trouble; he was already eating when Irene got back to the restaurant, and she took the chair across from him at the little table where he’d been seated and moved it to sit next to him instead. “Hungry?” she asked.
Irene guided him around the museum to where Cleopatra’s Needle stood and found them a vacant bench, but Sherlock didn’t sit. Instead he pulled out his phone and began to pace as he dialed.
“Don’t make me tie you—Good morning, Inspector.” Sherlock succeeded in standing this time. “I was just on my way out.”
John looked again to Sherlock. “How many of them did Queen Victoria give out?”
“That’s beside the point,” said Sherlock.
But Sherlock’s expression became sober. “I am sorry, John. This is exactly what I was trying to prevent at Reichenbach.”
“I can’t tell you
Moriarty drew away, and Sherlock quickly began to roll through the remainder of his mental checklist. His wrists were bound behind him with something strong that pulled at his skin—some kind of industrial tape. Ankles, too, and his shoes and socks had been removed.
Sherlock, on the other hand, appeared wide awake. Typical. He was dressed and already at the door. “Just going for some air.”
Sarah rose so he could set the plate on the table. “That was a bit harsh, don’t you think, John?”
“Is he in? The, uh, doctor?” the man asked as he stepped into the entry.
“Of course. Several.”
“You know,” decided John, “maybe I could do with a little company.”
She brought out a large silver hoop with many smaller rings of various sizes looped onto it and neatly selected one of them, which she slid onto John’s right ring finger. It fit almost perfectly. “So if you’re a . . .” Her voice trailed as she removed the ring and studied it as if reading something. “Then he’s maybe . . .?” She held up another ring for John’s inspection.
“Right,” said John.
“Oh! Uh . . . If I could just . . .”
“Anyway, I was just wanting to pick Sherlock’s brain about why someone might bother to burn Markham’s things, seeing as Sherlock didn’t find any of it useful. But he was in something of a rush.”
Sherlock stopped just short of asking what Eoin’s parents had been thinking by giving him a name like that. It occurred to him belatedly that he probably didn’t have much leeway for throwing stones in that department, but at least his name had a ring to it.
Sighing, Sherlock thumbed idly through the scrapbook, his eyes flicking over headlines and images. But as he came toward the back of the book, Sherlock slowed. A series of short mentions, followed by longer articles, all covered the same subject.
John pulled open a table drawer and pulled out his gun. “I’m coming with you.” He half expected Sherlock to argue, but the detective said nothing. Still, John waited until they were in a cab to say anything more. “What are you going to tell him?”
“All right . . . Are there any instructions for what we should do? With him?”
Sherlock shook his head. “Not that I’m aware of.”
“I’ll show you,” John offered, but Mycroft’s eyes cut back at him in a way that John swore he could feel physically, like the edge of a piece of paper slicing across his chest.
Gerrie poked her head out the library door. “What’s all the shouting?”
“No, I fell out of a boat. Or, to be perfectly truthful, an angry young woman tipped me out of a boat.”
John didn’t bother to argue, but as he turned to guide Sherlock back to the clearing where they’d found Henry, Sherlock said, “Your gun.”
It was addressed to Sherlock, but as there was no date on it, John had no way of discerning just how old the letter was. The ink had started to fade a little, or else the writer had not pressed down very hard when writing; this person did not use bold strokes, which denoted a lack of confidence—assuming Sherlock’s assertions regarding handwriting were to be believed.
“You’re a good man, John,” Sherlock said as John gathered his clothes to bring into the bathroom.
“Go ahead, put it on,” Moriarty continued with a nod toward the box Sherlock held. “It’s yours now, for as long as they deem you worthy of it. Or does it bother you to wear it?”
“SHERLOCK?” JOHN ENTERED the flat only half hoping Sherlock would be there—which, of course, he wasn’t. Sighing, he hung up his coat, took a look at the general disarray, then retreated to the relative tidiness of his own room. He was debating whether to check on Sherlock when his phone chimed a text message.
“He’s not, but John is,” said Sherlock.
“Mycroft won’t—”
“I’m not acting like anything. An old friend has come a long way to see me; why shouldn’t I be allowed to have her visit?”
SHERLOCK HAD LESTRADE fax all the information regarding the art thefts to the hotel, which of course served to set Lestrade on alert. “You’re
Lestrade sighed. “But you didn’t do the others.”
John closed his eyes and shook his head slightly. What had he hoped for, he wondered? It was no use trying to bring out any real feeling in his flatmate; Sherlock seldom functioned on such a level.
Knowing that Sherlock still had difficulty bending over, John reached down to retrieve it. “The Tower,” he read as he handed it to his companion.
“You can’t swim.”
. But then he asked, “Did you bring your gun?”
“I can see how a ‘humanitarian’ would be of use to you,” Christopher remarked.
“You sound like my brother. And I don’t want to bring order to anyone. I just want to be distracted.”
“You won’t tell me.”
Sherlock winced and looked away, toward the windows where the east lawn lay in a stretch of sunlight, mockingly serene. Some days Sherlock thought it would be nice to be dead and buried, resting in peace. He took a deep breath and asked what he most wanted to know, the question that had brought him home almost the moment Mycroft had sent him the news: “Do you like him?”
“I take it there’s an, um, understanding concerning you and Miss Baskerville?” John asked once he’d caught his breath again.
“The house is mine, part of what Father left me.”
John tried to shake his head, but it felt as if his brain had begun to liquefy and was sloshing inside his skull.
Maybe he should just go right back up the falls and confront Sherlock directly.
“I’m not going to tell him anything; I’m going to ask him what he knows about the lily.”
“They’ve just taken a DNA sample from you,” said Sarah. “I assume there’s a reason.”
“What?”
“I really expected more people around,” Harry sniffed. “More flowers at least. Those are nice, though,” she said. “Who’re they from?”
, he reminded himself, though the word didn’t come naturally to him. But at that moment Sherlock wanted to be able to remember what John looked like, all of him, in case he didn’t get another chance. He wondered fleetingly whether the night before had been the last night they would share a bed, and thought that if it had been, how sorry he was for it and what he might have done differently. But regrets were a waste of energy, and as Mycroft had said: waste not, want not.
“Are you cold?” John asked.
John turned. “No? Where was it then?”
“Thanks. He’ll need something to wear out of the hospital, though.”
“I have a car . . .”
“Thanks,” said John. A minute later the car was issuing a series of directions that John strove to follow as he got used to the way the car handled. Fifteen minutes after that, the car told him, “You have reached your destination.”
“Well, where is it going to be? And when?” Mrs. Watson was asking, her eyes darting between Sherlock and John. “We’ll need to draw up a guest list and—”
This was not the answer Sherlock had expected, and he took an involuntary step back as his tease backfired and ricocheted. “Your room?”
She answered the phone with “John! I was just going to call you! I wondered how the two of you made out the other night. Not, you know, made out, but . . .” She sighed. “I’ve put my foot in it again, haven’t I?”
“Then by all means, take it,” said Sherlock, holding it balanced in one hand. “There’s no need to shoot anyone.”
“Don’t be hard on him, Harold,” said the round little woman who was approaching the bed. “He’s injured, for God’s sake.” She brushed past Harry and leaned in to hug John, causing his eyes to pop open again.
He ascertained which of the various noises his flatmate made should be acted upon and which could be disregarded.
But Sherlock was the best time he’d ever had. Life without him was boring.
“Oh, I don’t know, I think there are some strong feelings in there somewhere.”
“But the green room isn’t half as nice as this one,” Gerrie protested.
And then some time in the early morning of the fifth day, John became still. It was this stillness, and the quiet that accompanied it, that woke Sherlock.
“What?” John retorted, momentarily confused by the question. “No,” John assured him once he’d concluded that Sherlock was worried about his shoulder, “it’s fine.”
“I know,” Irene said again. “But he’s not indifferent, John. It does matter to him. Sherl just—he can’t talk about things that matter. He doesn’t know how.”
They took a cab to the nondescript hotel in which Irene was staying, and John found it felt both strange and comforting to be back in such a familiar situation. “How did you know where she was staying?” he asked as they entered the building.
Irene shrugged. “To get something to eat? And don’t tell me you’re not hungry,” she added preemptively.
“’Night, Dad,” said John, and Irene and Sherlock murmured appropriate goodbyes.
“He’s not my boyfriend,” sighed John. “He’s my fiancé.”
“I didn’t!” John protested. “Miss Baskerville asked me for help, and I found the gun with the body.”
He didn’t need to; Irene understood. She nodded. “Okay, I’m still in.”
He was still ready before Sherlock, who exited his room looking all too natty for a late-night break in of a crime scene. “Ah, good,” Sherlock said when he saw John was waiting; he grabbed his coat (the day had been fine, but April nights could still be cool) and pulled at the door, only to be momentarily nonplussed by the fact that it didn’t open.
“Are you this mean to all your patients?” Sherlock asked him.
“Sorry,” John said, “but what are we doing exactly?”
“Like what?”
“What? But he’s out there, somewhere, and he has your lily or whatever . . .”
“Thank you,” said John. “For everything. You’ve been very good to me.”
“You don’t have to,” Charles said, his tone as reasonable as any man negotiating a sale. “I’ll kiss you.”
“Better,” Lestrade sighed. He motioned the waiting emergency workers forward and indicated Charles. “Him first. There’s another one—” He glanced at where Sherlock now sat beside the bed. “But we’ll give them a minute.”
“Then why kill Lumley?” John asked suddenly. “Just because he . . . you know . . .?”
“I need you to get into the hospital computer and fabricate a discharge order,” said Sherlock.
“It would have been rude to exclude him under the circumstances,” Sherlock said.
“I’m sure he’s never manhandled a woman in his life,” Elyse said.
John almost didn’t know where to start. “Mycroft and his office don’t need the money, so why—?”
John sighed, dropped his chin and ran his hands through his hair. “Yes.”
Sherlock had said yes, after all.
“God that’s, like, three or four months ago.”
“And that reason was?” the inspector urged.
“All my data is old, things have changed, I can’t formulate a conclusion based on—”
Sherlock started to reach for his blood-stained shirt but stopped with a grimace. “Hand me that, would you?”
“Mycroft?” John echoed. “Why—”
JOHN WASN’T ENTIRELY sure he was still alive.
“Find a reason to lock him up if you need to,” said Sherlock as he stepped around the inspector to get to the door, but he checked himself before exiting. “Well, no, don’t go that far,” he decided. “But keep him here at least until my brother shows up.” And then he was gone.
That won her a warm smile from Mrs. Watson. “You’ve been good to him, too. Better even than that one, pretending to be dead and all.”
Irene frowned. “That doesn’t give us much time.”
Sherlock released John’s arm, feeling even as he did so that it was somehow a mistake. The look John flashed him confirmed this, though Sherlock was at a loss as to
The door opened. “John!” exclaimed Charles, “What are you doing down there?”
“It’s . . . perfect.”
sick, then. Was he in hospital? John struggled to sit up, and the man pocketed his notebook and moved to help him.
“Oh, that.” John smiled again now. “He was reminding me he can’t swim.”
Mycroft scowled down at the petite redhead now standing directly in front of him, but she only continued to beam like a self-satisfied child awaiting praise.
Sherlock pulled the bedspread the rest of the way down and flopped onto the mattress next to John. “Be sure to use my shower in the morning,” he reminded, just as his door flew open.
“Cold shoulder then,” said Irene. “What did he say to upset you?”
“Sherlock,” Lestrade breathed in relief and without preface. “We’re dealing with a nasty one. String of drug overdoses.”
suffering, aren’t you?” He helped John sit up then picked up the glass of water and inserted a straw. “Drink.”
“Yes,” Sherlock admitted, forthright as ever, and John sighed.
“So I can strip it off you later.”
Like a surgeon wielding a scalpel, Sherlock mentally severed his physical awareness of John and discarded it in favor of watching the glow that crept around the edges of the curtains from the street lamps outside slowly give way to the first fingers of sunlight. But every now and then John would shudder slightly, or make some little sound, and Sherlock would be reminded he was there and have to refocus once more.
THEY DISCOVERED THAT hay was not necessarily the ideal form of bedding, given its tendency to stick, but they didn’t let it stop them. And in the end, as they lay utterly covered in straw, John said, “I hope we didn’t scare the horses.”
“Nothing much. The letters, of course.”
John tried to turn his head in the direction of his name but couldn’t quite manage. Then Sherlock appeared. John heard the thump and clatter of Sherlock discarding the gun as he focused his efforts on unknotting the ropes.
“Well?” Irene asked expectantly after Sherlock had asked Stuart for his usual.
“Admirable,” said Sarah. “I’m amazed you admit to feeling anything at all.”
It was more difficult getting John out of the car than it had been to get him in; John spent some time trying to shrug off their best efforts until he grudgingly relented to their tugging and urging, only to come close to falling on his face when they attempted to extract him.
“But to whose satisfaction?” Sherlock asked.
“Charles. And Moriarty.”
“What, are you falling asleep on me?” Harry demanded as John’s lids threatened to close. “After I came all this way?”
Irene gave a tiny, one-shouldered shrug.
John was tempted to ask if that’s how he’d done things, but Sherlock was bringing the tray, which he set on the table before settling in a nearby chair. John handed Charles one of the cups then took up guard standing beside his flatmate’s seat while he sipped from his own mug. Sherlock left his tea untouched, his eyes focused on the windows across the room.
“I also had reason to believe Sherlock was dead.”
“Where is he?” Sarah asked.
“But Henry still said no,” John deduced.
“Hope you don’t mind that I made myself comfortable,” said Moriarty, sitting up from where he’d been stretched out on the sofa. “Here, I brought you something.”
“Do we know how long it might take?” asked Irene.
“I’ve always loved working in houses like this,” she said.
It hadn’t been an uncalculated risk on John’s part; he’d thought about it a bit before coming out of Sherlock’s room. To John’s way of thinking, Lestrade was no real idiot (though Sherlock might disagree), and what reason would the DI have to care about their relationship? Lestrade didn’t strike John as a gossip. They weren’t setting themselves up for any kind of ridicule from him. And if all those arguments didn’t work, John reasoned his being in Sherlock’s room was only circumstantial evidence anyway.
“Not at first,” Sherlock said. “But eventually I needed funds, and I couldn’t tap into what I’d left to you; it would have been noticed.” He sighed. “I was only stopping by; I didn’t mean for you to see me.”
John realized this was intended to run him off, which only made him determined to stay. He took a seat in the chair. “Well, since I don’t know what’s already been said . . .”
“Sounds like Lestrade,” John answered absently. “Probably needs Sherlock’s help with a case.”
“Let’s go now.”
As far as John knew, he didn’t own a garment bag. Or anything one would put in a garment bag. Sherlock had the same reaction, John noticed, because he hesitated before walking over to the wardrobe.
Sarah opened her mouth to protest, but Irene was already headed for John’s door.
A small, dark brown box sailed across the room, and Sherlock was forced to drop the scrapbook on a side table in order to catch. But even before he had his hands on it, Sherlock knew what it was. Opening the box was only a formality.
The line went so silent that John had to glance at the phone screen to make sure they were still connected.
“Shh,” said Irene. “Where’s the volume on this thing? I can hardly hear.”
“Ready?” she asked, then frowned. “You can’t wear that.”
Then Moriarty raised his eyebrows, and John’s eyes traveled downward to Moriarty’s right hand and the knife that was there, a familiar-looking penknife, Sherlock’s ivory-handled penknife, the one he used to keep on his worktable, the one that John had moved to Sherlock’s room with all his other belongings.
Gerrie came out to the top of the staircase. “Henry! What’s going on?”
“Why would they fight about that?”
“No hoof prints, though,” John murmured.
Still slightly uneasy, John didn’t argue. Why spoil a nice evening by having a row over something so trivial?
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” John murmured, knowing full well there was a better than average chance Sherlock wouldn’t eat at all considering he’d had a full dinner the night before and a nibble of toast and eggs that morning to boot. Sherlock might now go the better part of a week before deciding he was hungry again.
Taken aback, John asked, “What did I do?”
Because if Markham had done what Sherlock would do, he hadn’t hidden the portfolio—he’d dismembered it.
“It’s not a café. Anyway, the dining room looked very nice when we walked past.” They had come that afternoon from Rosenlaui to Meiringen, though one Swiss town had started to look much like any other to John. They all either had lakes or mountains, and some had both.
Her brows rose. “One in which it’s useful to have a doctor around?”
“Why would he work for someone else? What’s in it for him?”
, John told himself as he all but tiptoed down the hall.
“It’s all right,” Eoin said again, eerily calm as he turned to go. “I’ll see you around. At the clinic or wherever.” And with a seed of disquiet planted deep in his stomach, John watched him leave.
“It doesn’t work on me, either.”
Sherlock flinched, his eyes flicking to meet John’s briefly before turning away again. “Don’t. Touch me.”
The door to the room opened and That Man (as John had started to think of him) entered. That Man had a tray bearing a glass of water and bowl of soup. Always soup. Not that John was ever hungry.
This was no surprise to John, seeing as Harry’s driving was liable to land anyone in the vicinity in a hospital. Getting to their injured son sooner would not have been worth the risk of riding with their daughter. Though, John reasoned in a head-swimming kind of way, they would have ended up in the same place either way.
“IF IT RINGS, you’ll hear it,” said Irene as John checked his phone again.
“Because if you really weren’t going to marry Elyse—”
Mycroft tutted. “You’d be sorry for it in the morning. Come on,” he said again, “the car is waiting downstairs.”
“He said to get one of the fast ones. This looked fast.”
John shook his head and followed her out of the lift as the doors opened.
“Come on, we’re going out.”
“Leave him be, Irene,” said Sherlock, “and help me move this.”
“Charming,” Charles murmured. “I can see what he loves about you.”
The housekeeper eyed him shrewdly. “It’s that man,” she said. “One of the old family from what I gathered. Did he give you a hard time?”
“Sherlock,” Lestrade said again, “listen. It isn’t . . . The injuries were bad, you know. There was a lot of damage.”
“I told you. I was tied up.”
Sarah lifted her head and blinked at the two men. “Is it all right?” she asked.
Patrick shook his head.
“Who let you back in?” Sherlock demanded.
“Yes, but—”
Sherlock’s curiosity was piqued. What could be so important that Markham would hide it from them, and that they would kill to get it?
And all at once he saw exactly why Mycroft left him the letter. “What happened?” he asked.
“I’ve put my and Mycroft’s numbers in yours. They are the only numbers you should use.”
But could he do that now, knowing Sherlock was alive somewhere?
Mrs. Hudson made tea and brought up biscuits with additional promises of a cake on the morrow. Lestrade did not bother to hide his disapproval that Sherlock had exited the hospital well before what he would have considered proper, though he begrudgingly acknowledged he understood the reasons for it. He did not mention Eoin, and no one asked. Lestrade lingered until it became clear the Register might very well fall asleep on the sofa, at which point the inspector took his leave so that he could return the old man to his rightful bed.
“Can’t take up valuable space in your brain with that kind of thing, I suppose,” John muttered. “What made you ask about Fiver?”
“Charles Whitcombe.” Sherlock looked again to the men his brother had sent. “I’ll need to go pack.”
“You know him; he’s about as gentle as a briar. Can’t you just go . . . do something?”
Sherlock and John only stared at one another, and all at once Sherlock realized they hadn’t actually spoken to each other at all since his arrival. Now he felt he should say something profound, but all he could think of was, “I have your ring. If you want it.”
Charles’s smile widened. “What use could you have for that? But as for the medicine—what would you be willing to give for it?”
“My parents are coming today,” John reminded him.
“What of it?” asked Sherlock.
He might not need it, he reasoned, but with any luck he would, so it was better to have it with him.
Sherlock gave Brandywine’s neck a pat. “Sorry, old boy, I’ll have to brush you down later. In the meantime . . .” He unclipped the cross ties and led the bay to an empty stall. “Have a snack.”
Sherlock shook his head, not in the sense of a negative answer so much as to emphasize that he didn’t know. He took Irene’s hand and together they weaved their way through the backstage and exited into the alley. Once there, however, Sherlock was at a loss for direction, so Irene steered him along to the street that ran behind the club, turned them sharply to the right, and eased them into the tangled tide that was New York’s nightlife.
“Are you trying to sabotage this somehow?” Sherlock asked.
“I knew I shouldn’t have trusted you with it. You have no care for these things.” Mycroft gestured them out of the entry and toward the plush sofas in the living area beyond, a space that John judged could hold the entire Baker Street flat.
“Why are you so angry?” Sarah asked.
Lestrade looked as if he were contemplating further argument, but all at once he turned on his heel and started for the door. “Meet me out front in five minutes.”
“There is the chance of food getting caught in it,” Sherlock said with forced levity. “But really, she’s probably just remembering how she had to shave mine for me after my recovery.”
“You weren’t sleeping.”
Sherlock stood and Irene followed suit. He handed her the take away box. “This should be a start,” he said.
Sherlock scrutinized his companion. “You
Sherlock wasn’t sure on that score. Though Irene had tried to convince him to stay at her apartment, based on his assessment of her sofa he’d opted for a hotel. He’d skipped breakfast and gone straight to meet Irene at the museum that morning, had declined anything to eat on the flight from London, hadn’t had anything at the flat before leaving . . .
“Might make you feel better.”
“Joseph looks a bit like Lumley,” said John almost wistfully, and this time it was Sherlock’s turn to give his companion a strange look.
“Why, help sir, of course.”
Gerrie looked at him this time. “What?”
“No, but I wish it had been.”
John was unable to hide the hurt and surprise the words engendered, but if Sherlock noticed he chose to discount it. Instead he merely remarked, “Though we should at least change the linens.”
Bad enough. But then below that came Sherlock’s reply, disguised as John’s own:
“No,” Sherlock answered flatly. “This was planned, most likely by Moriarty.”
Sherlock slapped the scrapbook shut. It was tempting to continue his research—he could easily stay up all night and do so, especially after having had a nap that afternoon—but at some point he would need John, and that was another task entirely. One Sherlock would feel better about once it was out of the way.
“And you were trying to get out from under Mycroft,” Irene conjectured.
“Are they supposed to move things?” John wondered.
Sherlock knew exactly what had come over John but wasn’t about to volunteer the information. Though he privately applauded Mrs. Grossman for defense of her employer.
“Irene has no interest in John,” said Sherlock. “And even if she did, he has none in her.”
“They roam the grounds,” said Henry.
“Why do you keep calling him that?” John asked.
“He means a lot to you.”
“First and only,” Sherlock informed him.
John shoved the envelope into his pocket and hauled himself back to the waterfall that was rapidly losing any sense of awe or majesty it might have initially held. And the more he thought about the whole situation, the angrier he got. What was Sherlock playing at? If he hadn’t wanted John with him, why not just say so? Why create such an elaborate game? Was Sherlock bored now? With traveling, or with John himself?
John bit back a giggle.
But she didn’t say anything more. She just held his face and stared, as if willing him to understand.
“The fentanyl should wear off before long,” said Dr. Matthews. “You can stay until eight; that’s when visiting ends. We ask that you only come up one or two at a time . . .”
“Is something wrong, John?” Gerrie asked him.
John looked then to Sherlock in hopes of gauging whether his flatmate wanted to be alone with his visitor, but as usual Sherlock was difficult to read. He seemed stiff and a trifle pale, but that might not mean anything. But then John observed how white Sherlock’s knuckles were on the hand still holding the door—too tightly—and the way Sherlock’s body pulled away from Charles almost as if Sherlock were leaning back to increase the space between them. John’s eyes traveled to the telltale flutter of pulse at his flatmate’s throat and he understood.
John and Sherlock locked eyes. “I didn’t want anyone else in there,” John finally admitted.
“He’s changed, Sherl,” she said.
Gerrie turned and blinked at him, her expression blank. “What?”
“I’ve never met her,” Irene told him.
And so John continued to slouch in his seat and fume.
“I’ve watched you do worse, Irene,” Sherlock reminded her.
“But he was just back last night,” said Lestrade. “I spoke to him before calling you. Have the two of you had some kind of falling out?”
Honestly bewildered now, Sherlock looked back at his flatmate. “For what?”
Sherlock relaxed again and gave the hand a small squeeze. John suddenly realized how much he missed being close to this man. It was easy enough in a tiny flat in London—sometimes that was too close. But out here, and in separate bedrooms (
This was, Sherlock was learning, the chief difficulty in having someone like John in almost constant proximity—an inability to get as much done as quickly. Things he would have ignored in any other person held weight and meaning where John was concerned.
Instinctively, John tightened his hold on Sherlock’s shifting body. He wasn’t fully awake and didn’t want to be, but something in him was well aware of not wanting to let go.
“Oh, no,” said John, “you should sit and let me . . .”
John gathered his clothes, his toiletries, the couple of books he’d brought with him (Weald House’s library being decidedly dry of interesting titles). Once he thought he had everything, he let his gaze sweep the room, only to have it land on the framed photo propped on the nightstand of Sherlock, age eight, on holiday at the beach. John had brought the picture from the flat for the same reason he’d removed the ring Sherlock had given him. It was a reason he couldn’t entirely articulate, though clichés like “letting go” and “burying the past” sprang to mind. All things Sherlock had seemed to belong in one of two places: his old room at Baker Street or at Weald House. But John saw now that he’d only been playing Persephone, living half the year in London and pretending to be alive and the other half of the year in the pseudo-underworld that was Weald House.
“Yes,” John echoed absently, “very good of him.” He rose from the chair and Gerrie followed suit. “I, uh, really only came to make sure Sherlock was all right; he left rather suddenly. But it seems as if—”
Irene stood up and strolled over. “Bad news?” she asked.
“Don’t worry about it now,” Gerrie said. “Just bring them by my room later.”
“Right,” John said aloud to himself, “so . . .”
“Call me back when you’re done,” Mycroft instructed before hanging up.
“I hate it.”
“The same.”
A hand touched the side of his face, and John curled his toes reflexively; he felt as if he were an instrument whose strings had just been plucked, the sensation vibrating through him, and he pushed his face into the hand the way a cat might butt its head against someone to encourage petting.
John nodded. “It could have been much, much worse.”
If he expected the car to scold him, he was disappointed. Instead, all it said was, “Please wait while I calculate your route.”
That was all well and good, but how was he going to find out where “home” was?
John hadn’t known that, but he didn’t waste any energy by speaking.
is dating two different men.”
TOO LATE. CALL.
John’s eyes flew open, and he gave Moriarty a questioning look as Moriarty drew back. But Moriarty’s expression only mirrored John’s surprise and confusion. And then Moriarty tilted to his right and toppled.
He dialed again, and this time Sherlock picked up.
“Oh.” There was a pause. “But you’re okay? And he’s . . .?”
They walked along in companionable silence for a bit before John asked, “But why would Henry let his sister marry you, of all people?” When Sherlock winced, John was forced to admit, “I didn’t mean that like it sounded.”
“Except you’ve lost your phone. And he never had the number,” Irene pointed out. “And you hate the phone. Which is why he called me instead.”
“Now, the lily?”
If his flatmate had looked angry or irritated, John would have dropped the issue. But Sherlock’s expression was one of apprehension, and John was motivated to put him at ease, if only in terms that sidestepped the tender emotional underbelly. “I want my two hours,” he said.
“No one asked me. This one has to be yellow.” Sherlock started for the door between his mother’s and Mycroft’s.
Sherlock didn’t bother to answer; he was trying to get the chair to sit upright again.
Irene ignored him. “There they are!” She stood on her tiptoes—which didn’t do her much good, given how tiny she was and the fact that her heels already had her pitched about as high up as she could possibly go—and waved.
At which point Gerrie slapped him, hard enough that John let out a startled, “Oh!”
Except it wasn’t.
Elyse was on her knees in the dead grass and mud, sobbing. The dogs had gone back to sitting watchfully.
“He’s in shock,” the person holding John said, and the sound of the familiar voice made him feel as if his throat were closing; he couldn’t get air. “Walk, John, here to the library. Mrs. Grossman, fetch him some water, if you please.”
“We can’t keep landing in hospitals,” said John. “This was fun, you know, when we started. And I’m still amazed by you, what you can do . . . But I can’t spend all my time worrying, not if, but when you’ll next get hurt, or worse.”
“What about it?”
“She identifies as one, yes. She’s a drag queen. She’s doing a show here tonight; maybe we can stay and watch.”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. “You’d have to ask Whitcombe, then. I’ve never been good at . . . that kind of thing.”
John looked down at his side. The stinging was becoming more pronounced; it seemed almost to burn. “You stabbed me.”
Sherlock scowled, disliking intensely that Moriarty was right. “Why did they kill Markham?”
“Maybe,” Irene admitted. “Or . . . cranberries?”
John sighed. “At moments I am.”
So he’d holed himself up as much as the curiosity of the locals had allowed, Mrs. Grossman running a decidedly ineffective interference. The Baskervilles—the new ones, a husband and wife with two bored-looking teenagers—had come to express their sympathies. And Mr. Stoke and the Bazeltons and a parade of others who had been prepared, John thought, to dislike him as a new-come interloper but had gone away seemingly satisfied with his manners. A solider and a doctor, who could fault that? And if he wasn’t a Holmes, well, he’d almost been, if only there had been more time.
Irene grinned. “This isn’t about me.” She sat back again and said, “We’ll go have a look first thing in the morning.”
John didn’t bother to ask how Sherlock knew about Eoin.
But Gerrie shook her head. “Never mind that; I’ve already called Mycroft and he’ll be out tomorrow if not tonight. But I read your blog, remember? I know about Sarah. So I don’t know if you’re lying to me or to—” She waved a hand. “Whoever reads your blog, but you’re lying to someone.” The blue eyes became steely. “Just see you don’t hurt him, John, or you’ll have me to deal with.”
“And is the doctor a good man to work for?”
“It’s really nothing,” said Irene, taking steps towards the door. “Where is he?”
There was someone on the bed. Not “someone” of course, it was Sherlock, but John found thinking about it that way only served to paralyze him. And anyway, it wasn’t so obviously Sherlock because the person was wrapped in the bedspread, though some of the hair was visible. And that was definitely Sherlock’s hair.
John was armed with all this, so when Sherlock did finally turn to look at him and merely asked, “What would you do, John, if you had only one, maybe two hours to live?” he was almost disappointed. And very much thrown off his game.
John had a moment of panic. “Dress how?”
John watched Sherlock fumble with the cotton buds and the container designed to hold them once the sample was taken. “You’re shaking,” he observed.
“Devoted.” It being a weekday morning, the museum was far from busy, so there was no wait at the admissions desk. Irene handed Sherlock his ticket and a floor plan and gestured to the left. “Old Greek and Roman stuff is that way.”
Sherlock merely waited.
Irene’s mouth fell open. “You can’t just reupholster a chair someone was tortured in!”
Moriarty grabbed him by the shoulders and shook him hard, which made his ribs hurt.
“He’s gone.”
Tamzen rolled her eyes. “Just high.”
Sherlock’s eyes remained trained on whatever he was reading on the computer. “If I only had two hours to live, I would come find you. I would want to spend them with you.”
you say to Sherl that has him so upset?”
really?”
THERE WAS ONLY one hour of daylight left by the time John found himself trudging up the stairs to the flat. He’d managed to keep his rising sense of distress at bay during the day by focusing on work and not stopping for lunch, but almost the minute he stepped outside the clinic, the dread began to encroach. And as the sun sank from the sky, John felt darkness creeping in around the edges of his sense of wellbeing.
Sherlock turned to his flatmate. “I was fifteen, John; I didn’t know what I wanted.”
“It’s nice, yes, but I have nowhere to put it,” Mycroft finally said.
“But you already have a lovely ring,” the woman pointed out.
John pulled open the drawer and indeed found a little leather-bound volume, which he picked up. He saw it had been lying on a pen.
“You’ve never heard of it?”
Sherlock withdrew, sitting farther back in the chair, and John watched as the face—the face he thought he’d never see again in life—fell blank. “Mrs. Grossman, please give us a minute.”
Sherlock turned. “That sounds promising.”
But evidently Mycroft thought it was significant.
Lestrade took that as his cue to depart. “We’ll start looking into it on our end and let you know what we discover.”  He glanced at Sherlock, who had turned to stare out a window, then said to John, “Look after him, will you?” John nodded and Lestrade shut the door softly behind him.
It was old, John realized when he got a better look, but well cared for in that the wood had been polished regularly enough to keep it from drying out and splintering. The initials SH had been carved in the lid and limned in gold leaf detail that was fading. A layer of dust lay over the whole of it, so now John was certain it hadn’t been handled recently.
“We’d normally do this for the afternoon meal,” Gerrie said as she took her seat at the head of the table, “but it’s hardly worth the effort with just Sherlock home. But now here you are! So I had Chloe pull a little something together for tonight.”
Sherlock approached the figures in the bed, and if he took note of the resemblance to himself and his flatmate, he didn’t bother to voice it. “Hours,” he said, his eyes running up what was visible of the bodies, as they were partially entangled in the bed sheets, “and not many. They died here, though, just like this.”
“I wasn’t waiting for you to make a mistake, John. I was only wondering what was bothering you.”
“You disagree? About the actual color of the room?” John asked.
“It hadn’t been fired, if that’s what you’re wondering.” John tossed the object in question into the bag, followed by the discarded silk pajamas; those he would keep. Then he reached for his jacket.
John spared a glance out the window and saw Elyse standing beside the boathouse while Sherlock shoved an old rowboat into the water. Both of them were already drenched from the steady rain, and though Elyse had the protection of her riding coat, Sherlock had shed his upstairs and so had only his shirt. John watched Elyse step into the boat, then turned away to go get his bag. He was wondering whether he’d be able to tell which keys opened the garages (had they been labeled? he hadn’t been paying attention, an oversight for which Sherlock would surely have scolded him), but as he lifted his travel case, he couldn’t resist asking, “Why the beach?”
Gerrie put her hand on his arm again. “You can’t go already! I’ll have Chloe bring some tea.”
“And I couldn’t, even if I wanted to,” John muttered. “Two hours then,” he said suddenly. “I want my two hours before you go.”
Sherlock sniffed. “That’s schoolboy stuff. I could have done much better.”
“It’s not like I keep it here,” Mycroft went on. “It’s at my flat.” He heaved a sigh, then said, “Fine, fine. I’ll send my assistant to fetch it. But you tell Sherlock not to lose it. It may not mean much to him, but it was given to our great-great grandfather by Queen Victoria.”
“That’s what?” Sherlock prompted.
Sherlock brushed past where John stood in the doorway, moving into the living room in search of his shoes. He pumped the fount a bit by saying, “Yes, but you’ll do it anyway.”
“Then we’ll visit Mycroft at his office and leave from there.”
Never mind that John had been the one to send him away.
“I’m sure it’s just a misunderstanding,” Gerrie put in smoothly. She flashed John a warning look.
As he finished buttoning up his own shirt, Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at John, who could only shrug. They were in Sherlock’s room, after all; he had no options.
“You’re getting angry,” said Christopher, his voice husky. “Don’t fight it; it won’t be half as much fun.”
“Not this much, you don’t,” John told him.
“And I’ll be waiting when he does.”
“No.”
The phone chimed again. “You sure it’s not important? A patient or something?” Lestrade pressed.
“Because she knows you like blue! And she knows you notice everything, and if something isn’t right— Can we just stop a minute and have a conversation?”
“One hour?” he asked.
Harry’s eyes narrowed. “There can’t be that many Sherlocks in the world, much less that my brother knows.”
Hopeless. Utterly hopeless. If Sherlock couldn’t rid himself of her in a decade, John realized there was little chance of him doing it at all. “How does he stand you?” John marveled aloud.
“No?” Sherlock stood, came to stand directly in front of John. “Then you wouldn’t invite audience participation, I suppose.”
IRENE LET OUT a low whistle. “Wow. He’s a total freak.”
“A friend of John’s?” Eoin finished.
Sherlock couldn’t wish on John any permutation of the eight days he’d spent in his room at Mycroft’s flat during his own rehabilitation. But he also didn’t want John to suffer in a strange place. And deciding that John was smart enough to understand what lay in store—that he knew and wanted to go home anyway—Sherlock slipped an arm under his flatmate and helped him to sit up.
“Oh my God,
Sherlock herded John into John’s bedroom and sat him on the edge of the bed, waiting a moment to be sure John wouldn’t topple. But his flatmate was already making the slow climb out of the sleepiness that the last dose of drugs had caused, and remained upright. Soon, Sherlock knew from experience, the insomnia was likely to set in.
John was at the outside door. “That’s what I’m afraid of.” He pulled the door open just in time to see Sherlock reach up as if to pull Elyse down, but too late; she pushed hard with the foot that was perched on the gunnel, and brought her other foot against it as well, effectively tipping her weight to one side and capsizing the boat.
“That’s his way of saying he can hear us.”
“He’ll leave you, you know,” Christopher threatened.
“So go,” John said as he started to walk again. “Plug in. I’m going home.”
“Think about it, John. It’s the oldest reason in the book; he wants to reintroduce old holdings into the family’s current property.”
“Then I’m going with you,” said John.
“John used it to pay my ransom.”
Sherlock silently cursed Mycroft for not having buried that deeper. “What do you want to know?” he asked Lestrade.
“John . . .”
John sat down on the bed and unfolded the letter.
“Later. I want to catch Mycroft before he goes into his office.”
“You’re going to end up under the dash before long,” Sherlock remarked. “Maybe you should eat something? What did Mrs. Hudson send along?”
John’s heart sped up. “You’ve just had surgery for a gunshot wound, remember?”
“That doesn’t mean he doesn’t want you to,” said Irene. “You just have to get through the firewall.”
“A nurse actually.” Eoin hesitated. “How do you know John?”
John was confused. “I don’t want anything. Except to know you’re all right.”
“—can’t be driving if you’re not well,” Mrs. Grossman was saying in her low and rapid voice, though it seemed to John to be echoing down a long tunnel. Then she turned, saw her employer and visibly brightened. “See, here he is now. Mr. John . . .” But she stopped uncertainly when she saw John’s expression.
Irene rolled her eyes. “I love you, John, but honestly.” And she shook her head.
“How should I know? And what difference could it make?”
“This is the post room,” the man told John as they entered a building. “They call it that because of the post.”
Irene let out a whoop of laughter, and Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked away. “No need to be jealous, John, I promise!” said Irene, rising. “I’m just trying to find out what’s got Sherl in such a mood.”
“More like wisteria,” said Sherlock.
“Sherlock. Dog prints.” John bent for a closer look. The path was gravel, but there was mud on either side.
Harry had risen from the chair. “Are you one of John’s co-workers?” she queried in a tone John guessed she used in her office quite regularly.
JOHN HAD KEPT his head lowered so that most of the scalding water ran over his neck and back, though plenty splashed his shoulders and traveled around his neck to his chest.
Sherlock turned back to the computer. “If it bothers you, John, I’ll take it off.”
“Long story, but I’m sure you got the gist of it.” Sherlock had his phone out.
“I want a shower.” Louder, but the words were slurred.
“Scarlet.” Sherlock dropped the traveling case—which was recognizable as John’s—and opened the door to the green room, which John found to be much like the yellow one, though perhaps slightly smaller and with fewer flowers in the décor. “That door passes through a shared dressing room; you can hang your bag in there.”
Patrick watched as the door swung shut behind her then turned to Sherlock. “So! What can I do for you that your doctor here can’t? Just a joke!” He added when he saw John’s expression. “I’d like to keep my other cheek in one piece.”
“The ring,” said Mycroft, who was turning a bit pink under his collar.
But John shook his head. “That’s not a good idea. It’s bad enough I agreed to take you out of the hospital; I don’t want anything to compromise you.”
“I’m starving; all I’ve had is cake.”
“There’s only one road, Mycroft, so unless you want to send a helicopter.”
John and Sherlock locked gazes. Then Sherlock turned back to the sketch. “This group of people,” he murmured, circling a cluster of men standing together a little apart from the focus of the picture. “Does that one look a little like—?”
“Yet you love him anyway.”
“Can’t? Or won’t?”
“Click it.”
He smiled and nodded in return, then resumed scowling at his phone.
“How do we know he won’t just do his own cheek?” asked Anderson.
John went upstairs to change his clothes and pack his things, only to meet Mrs. Grossman as she was stepping out of his room after tidying it. “I have to go back to London for a bit,” he told her. He wanted to assure her he’d be back, but he also didn’t want to lie, so he left it at that.
“Well goodness, no use telling me,” Gerrie said to his back. “Let Jeremy know.”
“But I did, didn’t I?” Sherlock countered matter-of-factly. “He’s only doing his due diligence as a father.”
John felt like this should be an easy one, but he was drawing a blank. “No, actually, I can’t.”
“But Mycroft’s assistant stopped you,” Sherlock deduced. “I’d say she has a soft spot for John, but it’s much more likely she was afraid of what my brother would do if he found out.”
“Eoin?” John asked.
“Mm.” Sherlock headed for the bathroom. “You won’t be without company,” he called over the clatter of toiletries being tossed into a kit. “Your sister is going with you.”
“I think so. Good night, Mycroft.”
“Sarah?!”
Alarmed now, John got up and went in search of his clothes. The trousers were easy enough to find, but his shirt . . . Where had that ended up? He was thinking he might just go find a new one when the knock sounded.
John blinked. “I
“John, are you . . .?” But Sherlock’s voice trailed as he spied the gash in John’s side. His eyes tracked up to the deeper penetrating wound in John’s opposite shoulder, the blistering skin on the back of John’s neck. “Dear God, what did he do?”
“It’s a horse, John. Not a
Sherlock shifted his attention to her, the directness of his gaze holding her in place. Contrary to what many might have believed, Sherlock had a vivid imagination; he needed such a one in order to visualize pieces of the cases he worked on so that he could snap them together when creating the bigger picture. He was not given to daydreams or flights of fancy, only rumination. But there were still large gaps in the puzzle he was currently working on, and for some reason this time he was having difficulty stopping his imagination from running loose.
Sherlock leaned close to John’s ear. “I’d like very much for you to compromise me.”
“What did she do to upset you this much?” John asked. “Is it the Christopher thing? I know that was poor judgment on her part, but—”
Sarah sighed. “I don’t even know any more. I don’t really like you, the way you use John, but you keep surprising me. And for whatever reason, John is fond of you.”
“Well, what if—” But John didn’t want to voice all the what-ifs that were eating at him, that had been since Sherlock had called him to view the bodies two days before.
He felt Moriarty move in close again. “Do you have any idea what he and his boyfriend do to one other in this bed?” he murmured in Sherlock’s ear.
“Well, he cares for you,” said Sarah, giving John another little start. “For whatever reason. But for that much, at least, I can be grateful.” She stood. “I don’t want to tire you out, and I’ve got some errands to run. But I will be back with some sheets for you.”
“Curious. It would be useful, after all, so you would think they’d work a little faster to come up with an answer.”
The look Sherlock threw him was a mixture of anger and sorrow. “I realize it can’t mean much to you—”
Then Sherlock said, “I’ll walk you to the car,” and John’s heart gave a hopeful little leap.
There was a long silence before Sherlock simply answered, “No.”
“He knew you’d look,” Sherlock persisted. “The question is, what did he want you to find?”
“Fine. Don’t wait up,” Sherlock told him and disconnected the call.
The thought of water brought his mind back to the dream again. A pond?
John’s eyes tracked over the form of his companion as if contemplating a plan of attack. “What else?”
“You’ll need shoes.”
“Well, now, that’s not exactly true,” Irene countered. “We spent some time together . . . after . . .”
it was the wrong answer. He never seemed to have the right one when it came to interpersonal relationships, and it only got worse when he dared to get closer. Reflexively, Sherlock took a step backward only to be rewarded with another glare from John.
Lestrade pegged Sherlock with a hard stare. “You can hardly look after yourself, much less a recovering addict. Do you have any idea what—?”
“No!” John shouted. “Put the messages down and come on.”
“Lestrade is a detective inspector. You could just go out there,” John suggested, hoping to get rid of her.
This man had been his chemistry instructor and something of a mentor, at least at first. And maybe even at the end, though the course of study had certainly changed. This man had gone to prison on Sherlock’s account. Who was he to say no?
Lestrade led them up the interior stairs. “They’re coming back today to start going through it all, but you can have first look. Some stuff got moved around, but it’s all there.”
“Nothing, Mrs. Holmes,” John said without stopping. “I’m just leaving.”
“He works for you,” John said, his voice coming out strangely flat and toneless.
Scowling, Sherlock asked, “What are you playing at, Christopher?”
Still, when the medics attempted to push John aside, something base and animal in him threatened to retaliate, and Mycroft and Mr. Watson were required to intervene before John could react.
Decided he would go ahead and make some tea, then most likely order take away a little later since he’d cleared the cupboards and refrigerator before leaving for Weald House, not anticipating such an early return.
“That makes it easy,” said Irene. “Make him happy.”
But maybe that didn’t matter. After all, the words weren’t for him; Sherlock cast them off and out like so much useless weight, like stones found in a pocket. And if one was diamond, what of it? Sherlock had no more use for it than any other rock.
“No . . .”
“Redress my ribs,” Sherlock told her. “John’s singular focus on my physique is starting to make me uncomfortable.”
There was clamoring on the stairs.
, but Sherlock had met her when he caught her shoplifting in a jewelry store on Marylebone High Street. He’d been too busy admiring her audacity to get her in trouble for it, though he’d made certain the three rings she’d palmed were returned. Irene’s idea of returning the favor had been to make Sherlock her pet project.
“I didn’t have time to think anything; I didn’t even realize it was him until after he’d jabbed me in the neck with a needle.”
Mrs. Grossman made for the stairs. “Well, we will miss you. It’s always nice to have you home.”
Sherlock shrugged. “They might as well have been. Can we go home now?”
Irene spotted John and frowned. “What are you wearing?”
“Gladly.”
“All right, well,” the nurse said, walking over and fixing the chair in one smooth motion, “we’ll keep him under sedation for the next eight to twelve hours, mostly to stop him from moving around too much. And after he’s awake,
Irene began digging through the bag. “A what?”
“Visiting hours are over,” said John.
“No, Mrs. Hudson, it’s not catching,” Sherlock answered dully.
Sherlock frowned. “Me?”
“Only the difficult ones.”
Sherlock researched the location of Markham’s office, which was (interestingly enough) only two blocks from Dana’s, the bakery Lumley had owned. Sherlock wondered if that had been arranged by Moriarty. Not that it mattered. Either Markham and Lumley had met by accident or they’d met on purpose, but it had come to the same thing in the end.
After the door had closed behind him, Irene turned to Sarah, pointed in opposite directions, and mouthed, “Fighting.”
“It’s different for everyone, but some aspects are universal.”
“Now who are these people?” Tait asked, but Mycroft stayed him with a dismissive wave.
“Really?”
“Yes,” was all Sherlock said. John would have liked more, would have especially liked a kiss goodbye, but he knew Sherlock would never do such a thing with so many people standing there. It was a wonder he was going through with the ceremony at all.
, John thought.
Now John took a seat in it and watched with undisguised fascination as Moriarty painstakingly took the two or three steps to reach him. It was as if the man’s entire body had become misaligned, nothing moving quite smoothly or in tandem.
“Mrs. Grossman?” John called again as he went to the doorway that connected the kitchen to the rest of the house. He was reluctant to wear his boots any farther than that and had been hoping the housekeeper could run up and get his gloves for him, so saving him from having to remove his footwear altogether. But now the two teacups had him curious. “Did we have company?”
“But you’re all good now?” Irene asked.
“Oh, for—” John began, biting back the words that sprang to his lips.
Because that feast was also known as Candlemas.
“I could, uh, give you a minute, if you like?” Eoin finally said, and Sherlock found himself somewhere between amused and annoyed that the boy had the presumption to assume he had the right to grant or deny him access. But Sherlock only stretched his smile a little thinner and said, “Would you?”
“Maybe,” said John. “But what I’d really like to do is check your ribs.”
Mycroft’s gaze never wavered. “And where are Irene and Patrick?”
“I promised Mycroft I’d stay at least the week.”
“A large one, potentially.”
He could hear Mrs. Hudson saying something to Sherlock and
Irene suppressed a grin. “Stuart? Not a very Indian name.”
They were both quiet, as if contemplating this fact. Then John said, “He notices everything, Irene. But no matter how perfect you make this ceremony, if you think he’s going to mention it, much less thank you for it . . .”
Sherlock spared a glance. “Yes, it’s a miracle,” he replied dryly. “Here, help me.” He began handing down bricks that had come free, and John dutifully stepped forward to take them, stacking them neatly (and quietly) on the floor.
“What is that?”
“John?” Sherlock sat up also. “Are you all right?”
John shot him a quizzical look. “How do you know?”
“Irene is a hopeless romantic. She reads too many novels and fashions drama out of thin air in order to make her own life more exciting.”
“And Harry is capable of cooking and doing laundry. So I think you come out even,” said John.
Sherlock closed his eyes briefly and composed himself. “When you’re done,” he said again, and John could hear the strain as Sherlock worked to keep his temper leashed, “send John to the morning room so we can talk. Please.”
He was standing in the middle of the flat, trying to decide whether to hide them or throw them away entirely when the door swung open.
The release of tension as relief swept through him threatened John’s equilibrium once more. “Good,” he said faintly. “Because that wouldn’t have been . . . safe, or . . . or healthy.”
Sherlock opened the bag and meant to go straight to the bottom, the most likely place for the gun to be given its weight. But he paused when he touched something smooth and cool, roughly the size of a book though not as thick. Extracting it, he found a framed photo of himself, taken during a beach holiday when he was eight. Sherlock’s mother had left the picture for John, but John had indicated to Sherlock he didn’t want it. So why was it in John’s bag?
“You’ll be happier once we’re home.”
But John said, “No, I don’t think so.” When Mycroft turned his steely gaze on him once more, John explained, “I don’t think he put that much thought into it. I mean, it would have taken time to—to have it sized. I don’t think . . .” But John wasn’t sure what he did or didn’t think.
“I can’t be the first person you’ve ever said it to.”
“Then maybe it’s better if I give him space to sort it out.”
“Well, this has been . . .” Sherlock said abruptly, coming round the table to steer John out of the room. “It’s late, so we’ll just be getting to bed. Good night, Mum.”
“Wait,” said Sarah suddenly. She took a deep breath. “Look, I know you saw John through his being ill, but you didn’t have to, you know, do it alone. What I’m trying to say is, I really wish you had called me . . .”
Sherlock shot John a look that was clearly meant to shut him up. Then turning back to Henry, he asked, “Where and when did you last see . . . Bailey, was it?”
Then he saw the note.
“You’ve been shot, for one,” Sarah pointed out, referring to an incident some months past. “And even when you aren’t physically hurt, he never takes your feelings into account.”
“1760. It’s a Grade II, so I spend a lot of time and money making sure it stays just so.” Gerrie heaved a dramatic sigh as she perched herself on the edge of the chair opposite. “Would be easier if I could get the boys home more often.”
“Who said you were a game?”
“Sherlock,” John said, and the eyes that had been staring at the sky shifted toward him, though John couldn’t tell whether they were seeing clearly. “Stay with me. Understand? Those won’t be the last words you ever say to me.”
“When will you be back?”
Inside he found a bloodstained shirt, an unmarked DVD, and two lengths of rope—the remnants of their most recent adventure. John quickly closed the box and set it aside.
Not that they had time to visit jewelry stores. Never mind, he’d think of something, maybe while they were on this “holiday.”
“I have to go,” said John. “He needs me; I have to go.”
“I would sequester myself with you indefinitely if I thought it would spare us, but as things stand, I need to go back to Markham’s flat. Do you want to come?”
At the point his phone notified him that he had “arrived at his destination,” John couldn’t immediately see what or where that destination was. The road he was on appeared to go on indefinitely, and there was no other road. So what was he supposed to do? Get out and search the field?
“What? Yes, fine, whatever,” John growled testily.
“What did he say?”
“And you chose blue?”
Once again, John hadn’t the least clue what Sherlock was talking about. “Is that supposed to turn me on?”
Unless Sherlock had been sincere about making John feel better?
Then again, better to be sure.
“None,” John conceded, “but it might to Elyse. Jeremy came around with that—” He jabbed a finger in Brandywine’s direction.
John had no need to ask either who was speaking or about whom he was inquiring. “Mycroft,” he replied, forcing himself to be pleasant. “Always nice to hear from you.”
John shook off the strange unease the dream seemed to engender and padded into the living area, stopping short when he saw—
“Only way to be certain he wouldn’t try to get in.”
John didn’t need Elyse to lead him to where Henry lay; the foxhounds acted as signpost enough. Some sat, some lay with their heads on their paws, and all were quiet.
John nodded absently, and Gerrie finally began to eat, giving John and Sherlock the freedom to eat as well. Sherlock surprised John by attacking his meal with barely restrained gusto, though upon reflection, John counted three days since he’d last seen his flatmate eat anything. Which wasn’t unusual; Sherlock’s appetite was like a tide, out for long stretches before washing ashore again.
“No—” And she jerked her head in the direction of John’s room. “He’s been through a lot.”
“Well it’s a safe bet no one will bother them, isn’t it?” John finished slipping on his trainers. “Where might I find my car?”
“Sherl,” Irene called across the room, “I’m going to feed this poor man before he faints.”
“Mm.”
“You asked to come home,” Sherlock said simply, as if that were the final word on the subject.
JOHN HAD TAKEN his time walking to the stables, trying to enjoy the fresh, warm air without thinking too much about the person who was not there to share it. Whenever his mind turned in that direction (and it happened less often now than it used to, which was still more than it probably should), the grief rose up around him like icy water and he felt as if his heart was grinding to a halt. Sherlock’s absence was John’s loss, but John couldn’t help but also consider all that Sherlock was missing, including beautiful spring mornings that were perfect for riding. The idea of Sherlock lying somewhere dark and cold, removed from sunlight and the pleasures of everyday life, choked and paralyzed John; it simultaneously made him feel incapable of living and drove him to live more.
“I don’t know,” answered Michael, his voice as shaky as his hands. “It doesn’t matter. I just—I need that.”
“There’s not much to it,” Irene filled in rapidly. “We started talking, I mentioned the ceremony . . .”
“Yes, they do,” Lestrade agreed. “But it’s usually on something we can identify. Whatever these people are using—it’s nothing we’ve ever seen.”
John threw Sherlock a helpless look. “Didn’t you . . . ?”
“I don’t think most people would say so,” Sherlock responded uncertainly.
John looked to Sherlock. “I’ll see you back at the flat in the morning then?”
“You do that all on your own,” said Sherlock.
“Anywhere but here.” Sherlock craned his head around the open door and listened. In the entry, a woman whose dark hair was pulled into a bun was wiping up the marble flooring; she shot Sherlock a glare but didn’t say anything.
“And why is that?” Sherlock asked.
“Us,” Sherlock echoed flatly. “But you’re no Martlet.”
“Oh,” Sherlock sighed, “whatever.”
