Deft fingers tease the bottom hem of Dean’s panties, a playful snippet of what’s to come. Teeth nibble Dean’s bottom lip right before a tongue slides in and devours his moan. Dean’s hips rock forward on their own accord  chasing any kind of friction. Breaking apart for air, Cas caresses Dean’s cheek while grasping his ass cheek and pulling him completely flush with his scrubs.
“On the contrary Dean, you are quite the ‘show-er’” Cas comments, air-quoting Dean’s slang as he puts on his black gloves with a snap. Dean rolls his eyes, not falling for the cheesy compliment though he tucks it away in the corner of his mind to revisit later.
Dean thumbed over the line unbothered by the still falling tears. I Miss You, didn’t begin to cover how he felt. Longing? Maybe. The saying distance makes the heart grow fonder was a crock of bullshit. Distance makes the heart ache, makes the heart break, makes the heart shatter and the only glue is hundreds of miles away.
While his brain was stuck on earth-shattering revelations, the low simmering building in his gut all summer also had a name—desire. Images of tan skin dripping with lake water flashed in his mind’s eye. The familiar simmering boiled as more images teased him—Cas’ rare nose-scrunching gummy smile, Cas’ sharp hip bones, his thick thighs, his stellar ass Dean secretly stared at right before Cas would climb into Dean’s bed.
Cas slowed the Porsche to crawl, easing the car to the carnage. Surveying the damage, a singular thought popped into Dean’s mind, “Fuck, Bobby’s going to skin us alive.”
“Hello this is Cas,” the gravelly voice says after the second ring. Dean could sing in relief upon hearing it.
Dean waited when Cas said nothing at first, just turning his head to look at Dean with shining blue eyes.
Yeah, if someone, anyone really could put Dean out of his misery right now he’d really, really fucking appreciate it. His ass in the air was not really the position Dean wanted to be in while shoving all the
Way before the sunlight would breach the horizon on Sunday, Dean pulled Baby a couple of blocks from the soon-to-be-vacant Shurley home. Call him coward, he wouldn’t deny it; fuck his picture was probably posted next to the word in the dictionary. Dean Winchester: coward. Why? Because here he was sitting in his car watching the Shurley’s loading into their car instead of getting out and hugging his best friend goodbye one last time. He was just watching instead of crushing Cas against his chest again, soothing the obvious rigid tension in his best friend’s shoulders that even he can see from his creeper perch.
Dean knows he’s gawking but damn this man is definitely the halo in their business name. Dean shakes the dirty thoughts trying to crawl into his head away he is not here to hit on this man, he’s doing this because after finally coming out of the closet two years ago he’s going on his first date with another man.
Maybe Dean liked the wrong Novak. This one was rich, a sex fiend, not his partner and…catching a glimpse of the guy in his ridiculous portrait above the fireplace, nope, no thank you—Gabe looked short with hazelnut princess hair that rivaled Sammy’s and golden eyes; Cas definitely stole all the good looking genes in the family. Dean shuddered involuntarily wiping his mind OCD clean of any decent thoughts about Cas’s cousin.
“Cas,” Dean whispers with a deepness to his voice he didn’t know he possessed in between pecks of lips, “Pick me. Pick me because fuck, you’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me and I can’t imagine my life without you.” More pecks, “Cas, you’re it for me man.” Dean draws him in for a breath-stealing kiss pouring his feelings into Cas’s awaiting mouth.
The blue paint on the 98 Cobra MK 1 pales in comparison to Cas's blue assessing eyes. Dean watches as the man works checking every nook and cranny of the car while Gabriel seems to be arguing with one of the officials.
Operating on autopilot, Dean walked out of the master bedroom to the guest room he had commandeered as his own months ago. Already pruned, he figured taking an actual hot shower wouldn’t hurt. The skin-melting water blanked his mind letting him focus solely on his movements; washing head-to-toe quick and efficient.
“The best?” Dean huffed, “More like trust fund baby,” scanning the list of high-end military boarding schools the guy had attended before turning his attention to the fucking bulleted list of skills and accomplishments. “Seriously, Bobby who the hell knows this many hand-to-hand combat styles?” Dean shook his head, the guy’s resume was impressive but, “Look this is great on
“I need you to walk me through on how to use a douche,” Dean rushes out before he chickens out. Silence. For a second Dean thinks the line dropped then he hears a fucking snicker. “Dude come on. Don’t laugh.” Dean almost whines.
Tucking a piece of hair behind his ear, Sam straightened, looking ready to explain why tonight’s events occurred. “Kevin—he—Kevin found me,” Sam started and stopped, collecting his thoughts or perhaps trying to string together fragments of the truth.
He’s been stumbling around the throng of trees for the better part of thirty minutes now. Frustration is starting to seep in when Dean hears it. A snap of a twig or branch. Fuck. His breath hitches as he throws himself behind the nearest tree fumbling with his phone to turn off his flashlight.
“Move to the middle of the dance floor, I’ll intercept you,” Castiel whispered, weaving through gyrating people left and right maneuvering his way towards the middle.
“Your..your carelessness.” Dean rolled the words his tongue like he couldn’t believe he was having to say them in the first place, “You could be dead right now, you could have eaten a bullet last night.”
“I will.” Charlie stopped outside her door, giving Dean one last hug. “Don’t think just because this case is over that you’re never going to see or hear from me again, you know I can find you anywhere.” She sniffled into his shoulder.
Boring, flat, endless—words someone traveling across the upper part of Kansas might use to describe the drive.
“Well, pardon me for cringing at Mr. Adler’s choice in Shakespeare.” Castiel sneered before faceplanting down into his mattress. A muffled, “Romeo and Juliet is the worst,” came from the buried face.
“Thought the building was—” Cas sneezed like a mouse once, twice, three times before he managed to get the word, “Clear” out. For as manly as his partner was, his sneezes were the
"How's it feel Cassie?" Gabe asks as they walk up the sidewalk towards their little bungalow. It's not much but it's home or more the place they lay their heads down at night. The attached garage they use to make their main source income is really their home, they spend more hours there than anywhere.
Dean huffed, man what a loaded question. He roamed his eyes over Sam’s face, the quiet anticipation clear as day. “Well, there’s physical attraction. Cas is, I don’t know, you’ve seen him. Dude is literally a model.” Sam nodded a
glint in his partner’s eyes. He cursed under his breath about his bad luck and tried to recall what happened after.
Peeking around his hands, Dean sees two rows of very sharp canines aggressively snapping at him but not biting. Wiggling free seems impossible nevertheless Dean tries anyways. Kicking and squirming while keeping his face protected is becoming increasingly harder.
leaves Dean's mouth as he spins himself in Castiel’s hold so they are pressed chest to chest; for the nth time tonight, Castiel felt stunned by his partner’s easy beauty.
Castiel swirled his thumb on the growing stain, enjoying the explicit curses waterfalling from Dean’s mouth. “Fuck—come on—you fucking—tease—fuck—shit—” Dean gasped between each curse word, trying to wiggle himself better into Castiel’s palm.
Castiel cringed, had he ruined their partnership so badly? Regardless, he needed Dean to understand; he couldn’t sweep last night under the rug despite his desire to do so. He couldn’t let any more mistakes drive a wedge deeper between. He’d rather shred his ego to pieces than lose Dean.
Thumbing the VHS sleeves of the John Wayne Ultimate Collection movies on Castiel’s bookshelf, Dean had to bite back a smile. He skimmed the rest of the titles and skimmed the next shelf too where a pile of DC comics were nicely organized by number and storyline. A love for old cowboy movies and superheroes, this kid was going to the top of Dean’s cool radar.
"Calm down, you're going to give yourself an ulcer." Gabe manages around a fit of giggles. But the laughs stop suddenly.
It’s a little unsettling. Dean hasn’t seen his best friend since Thursday, but he wrote it off since Saturday was Halloween and there was absolutely no doubt in his mind, he’d be seeing Cas. Now time is slipping, Dean’s phone reads 10:30 with no messages or calls.
Making a dramatic show of examining the other man, Dean dragged his eyes slowly from the leather black shoes to the five o’clock stubble on the guy’s Clark Kent chiseled chin. Dude was wearing an out of place tan trench coat over a designer blue suit with a freaking tie, which not only accented the guy’s freaky blue eyes but was utterly ridiculous to wear in a police station. The guy’s posture was ramrod straight, probably from all the years in those military boarding schools.
Garth looked like he was trying to swallow a brick; hands coming up to his sides in an I come in peace manner, he said, “Dean, Dean…why would I know something like that? I’m just a mechanic fella.”
"As you can see," Kevin pulls the trunk down over the suitcase, "Your trunk does not close, therefore you car fails the standards."
It started with a crossed-out Dear Dean before beginning with just Dean like Cas had not been sure where to begin the letter. The first couple of sentences caught his attention—
Licking his lips, Dean’s brain ceased all functions and a single, “Yeah,” fell from his lips as he drank in the absolute model his partner was. His mind must have quit because the next couple of moments felt like they were happening in slow motion. Cas’s three-piece black on black Zegna ensemble accented every muscle and every curve of Cas’ body. Crowley called him an Angel and seeing his work on Cas’s body he’d have to agree.  Cas looked like an Angel—an Angel of death. Dean wouldn’t mind being murdered. Hell, he’s not sure he wasn’t murdered five seconds ago when those baby blues met his.
“Bobby,” Dean cut in, “Cas inhaled some of whatever was on the desk, he’s high as the goddamn Chrysler building.”
He arches a bit when Cas yanks out the second bit of hair, but it doesn’t hurt as bad. Cas seems to be in his groove explaining things as he works, “Hair grows in cycles, once we remove all the original hair this time about a third of it will grow back by the next time you need another wax,”
The next few minutes happened in a blur, mostly due to the amount of sprinting involved. Even on wobbly feet, Charlie was incredibly quick,  not stopping for a second as she blew past them at the bar, heading for the exit. The commotion coming from the VIP section caused a stir, shifting the attention of the club-goers from their activities to the screams echoing from the VIP section. He bumped into a few people, but his focus was getting everyone out safely. Following on Charlie’s heels, Castiel peeked over his shoulder making sure Dean was right behind him as they barreled right past the front entrance bouncer shouting to the all-white van sporting Singer’s Auto stickers pulling up to the curb. Dean managed to throw the door open while Charlie and Castiel climbed in and Sam sped off with Dean giving the “Hey, stop!” bouncer a cocky two-finger salute goodbye as he rolled the door closed.
Cas tilted his head in that stupid adorable way he always did. After six months Dean figured the gesture would lose its appeal but nope still just as cute as the first time he had seen it. Cas furrowed his brow trying to piece together why the hell he was being woken up with a splash of water to the face, “A witness?” he asked suspiciously, “A witness to what exactly?”
After rinsing his hair clean, he blindly reaches out to grab the fresh washcloth waiting on the towel rack next to the shower. Pouring a good amount of soap on the cloth (yes, Dean likes the fancy soap from Bath and Body Works, and no he won’t take criticism about smelling like warm vanilla sugar), Dean sets to gently scrubbing himself down. He takes his time lathering every inch of his skin before rinsing. The second scrub through, Dean takes extra care setting aside the washcloth to trail curious fingers over his hairless parts. He revels at the sensation of smoothness, fingers just gliding as if they were ice skates and his perky ass the skating rink; he skates seamless circles and figure eights experimenting with speed and rhythm testing to see if anything will catch. When his fingers continue to glide effortlessly, Dean feels his heart flutter. This smoothness he loves; it was worth the awkwardness and pain. Dean only hopes his date enjoys his bravery just as much.
Catching the pillow, and grinning a Cheshire cat smile Sam started singing, “Cas and Dean sitting in a tree K-I-S-S—”
But the real crime Dean wanted to fix the most also solidly cemented the foundation of their friendship. The thing they did when nothing else sounded good, when everything was great or falling apart, or when one or the other
Crowley pulls a thick contract from his briefcase and sets the forest of papers on Enzo’s desk before sitting down next to him.
Sam nodded, “I think Cas is really good for you,” Sam’s entire face lit up like the 4th of July, “If he becomes your boyfriend does that mean I’m automatically his new best friend?”
The mop of raven hair popped up, studying Dean intently before breaking out into a smirk, “Superman.”
Dean was curled up in the spot he once occupied, snoring soundly. Sudden calmness washed over him despite his pounding heart. Dean was safe; safe and asleep in
“Bobby, you old sap.” Dean sniffled, hugging back the gruff older man. He felt lighter than he had in weeks. He mumbled a soft thanks into his uncle’s shoulder.
Everyone nodded in response. With a general consensus about keeping the case under wraps, Dean moved on to tackling the urgent matters at hand. “Okay, I’m going to call Bobby in a bit and let him know we have the witness, Sam call a judge and get a warrant to search Roman Enterprises. Feathers, since Charlie here asked for me personally, there’s a chance they’ll look for her here. They’ve already killed one person for whatever is on that flash drive, so I need you to find a place to keep her safe that anybody looking won’t be able to tie back to me and Sam.”
. Making good on his promise, Castiel fucked Dean until the only words he could mutter were broken forms of his name accompanied shaky gasps of air. When Castiel felt his balls tighten with the familiar impending threat of climax, he reached down to wrap his fingers around Dean’s thick, neglected cock and stroked Dean in time with his thrusts.
He should apologize. But apologies were for suckers, and Dean wasn’t no sucker. Better let the new guy know exactly who he was going to be teamed up with; who knows, maybe Dean could get him to quit before he ever needed to worry about calling Mr. Stone Cold Blue Eyes his partner. Throwing his arm over the back of the chair while shifting to better face the chilling set of glaring eyes, Dean plastered on an easy smile, posturing as the poster boy for nonchalance.
"DEAN!" Sam screams, as he watches some petrol catch fire leaping across the paint onto the driver's shoulder.
Sipping slowly, Dean flicked his eyes up to the other man; picking his words carefully, “Do you afford this all—”
“Excuse me,” the nameless and unimportant woman occupying his brother’s bed scoffed, turning her nose up while pulling the bedsheets up higher. Dean rolled his eyes at her antics, he already saw the goods and trust him they were nice but the last thing on his mind was a piece of ass, especially one that had just been riding his brother—ew. Dean made a mental note to bleach his eyes later.
“Look buddy you aren’t in good shape,” Dean tried to reason with the grumpy, arguing toddler occupying his passenger seat.
“We’re in this because Guns Blazing Winchester can’t follow a damn plan,” Cas said, stomping the gas and rocketing the 911 towards the fleeing criminals.
“What are you idjits up to now?” Bobby sat back in his seat, glancing between the two of them. “Boy, what happened with the witness?”
Cas rolled his eyes at his cellphone with a furrowed brow, fingers flying over his keyboard as he typed a response. Shoving his own cell phone back in his front pocket, Dean arched an eyebrow at his partner. Cas’s fingers typed another response before he met Dean’s eyes with a shallow nod and also pocketing his cellphone.
“Yeah, yeah you got feisty with me; it threw me for a loop. I’m pretty intimidating to most people but you looked me dead in the eyes and basically told me to go fuck myself.” Dean grinned fondly at the memory, bringing his hand up to run it through Cas’s strands, “You puffed your chest up, and your hair was sticking up every which way and you reminded me of a cute little riled up bird.”
“Boy, it’s not your day to work,” Bobby answered, rounding the corner from the garage entrance. He arched an eyebrow at Dean’s debauched face, “Everything okay son?”
With nods of confirmation from both Dean and Cas, Bobby shook his head. “Roman has friends in high places including the Police Chief, he won’t be easier to take down if you boys are going after him.”
As much as he wants to sleep, he knows he needs to shower. He’s experienced first-hand falling asleep covered in lube before after a very exciting few rounds with his toys; trust him when he says waking up in day-old crusted lube is not for the faint of heart.
Every year since the first Halloween Dean insisted, they trick-or-treat together, always as Batman and Superman. As they grew older, trick-or-treating became Halloween school dances which became Halloween parties as they entered their high school and college years. But the costumes remained the same, Dean as Batman and Cas as Superman.
, is all he can think as his giggles become full-blown belly laughs. Cas just smiles as Dean loses it, this day officially the weirdest day of his life.
Even dead tired, Dean could cry tears of joy for finally stripping out of his drench clothing. Every inch of his skin seemed pruned and the oversized towel he wrapped himself was a godsend. Stepping out of the bathroom—leaving his pile of wet clothes on the floor for Cas to pick up as petty revenge—he noticed an orange boxer clad Cas-sized lump smack dab in the middle of the bed, face buried into the pillows.
Dean looked down at his wrist, held captive before flicking his gorgeous greens up to Castiel where he could visibly see them change emotions second to second.
He believed in consent and Cas was nowhere in the right mind to consent to anything. So, Dean did the most respectful thing his shot to hell mind could manage, he shoved his face into the back of Cas’s neck peeling his body away from the other man as much as he could, except Cas wasn’t having any of it.
Dean’s soft whine covered the sound of the footsteps they were expecting. Later there would be time to recall every single second of this, recall the rapid beating of his heart, recall the feeling of falling yet flying simultaneously but right now they had a pest to deal with.
Dean shrugs his shoulders, this is Cas’ first tornado season and the first siren scare is always the worst; soon he’ll be like every other Kansas living resident—a front porch, beer sipping tornado watcher. Take cover, pfft.
. “You and I both know it’s not fine, I used you last night for my own personal sexual gratification and I crossed a line.”
” Dean whined, his gut was plummeting; Cas was not fine. “This is Cas we are talking about, follow the rules to the letter, never away from his cellphone in case a call comes in Castiel Novak, and he’ not fucking answering and he’s not fucking here!”
Sam chances a glance at Dean but hears the severity in his voice knowing Hell would freeze over before Dean would change his mind on this.
Shifting into a more serious tone—someone’s got to Fred this Scooby-gang—Dean said, “Okay, Sam you said no one at city hall knew you were building this case, right?” Sam nods his affirmation, “Good, trust no one. Red, I’m sure we can put your skills to use. Feathers and I here will hit the streets; with our bust yesterday we might be able to drum up some viable leads. For everyone’s safety, no information is shared outside the four of us.” Dean took an inhale and exhaled. “Understood?”
Sam watches with rapture as Henry—No one called him Mr. Ford for Mr. Ford was his father—pulls out a paper from his suit coat.
Guard dog damn near broke the dance floor slamming his ass to the ground so hard. Quickly, Cas yanked the guard's arm across his chest, turning him over. His knee firmly pressed into his spine while folding his arm tightly in a painful upwards motion so the back of his hand smashed flat in between his shoulder blades. There was no question that Cas had full control of him, he could've done untold damage with his knee digging into his lumbar region and his arm inches away from dislocating. And yet Cas demonstrated grace by asking for a clear yield.
“Good,” And that’s all Cas needs before he’s ripping the fabric from Dean’s body like he's a gosh dang present and his panties the wrapping paper. Tossing the destroyed material over his shoulder, Cas dives into his gift licking a long stripe from Dean’s balls to his head. A shudder racks his body as Cas sucks on the head and tongues his slit.
Every part of him flushed red like he was a lobster dropped into a pot of boiling water. What has he done? Panic fed his adrenaline allowing him to finally move his body quickly. He scrambled onto his feet and ran into the bedroom only to brace himself against the bathroom door frame.
Dean stood as still as a statue; he needed him to relax so this would be believable. He slid his hand from his partner’s lower back to his hip pushing gently to get Dean to sway side to side with him. Finally catching up to the program, Dean reached out with a slight hesitation before linking his arms around Castiel’s neck. Good, but not great.
Ménage a Twelve was Miami’s prominent, premier night clubs for the elite and perfect cover for a money laundering business. A favorite stomping ground for many celebrities, politicians, and high-ranking businessmen, there was no shortage of backroom deals and blackmail.
Cas growls as Dean’s tongue does another sweep inside his mouth and the hands that were massaging the globes of his ass travel down to the back of his thighs. Pulling back, Cas grabs the back of his thighs, hoisting him into the air and it’s a damn fine show of impressive strength, in Dean’s opinion.
And before Kevin can answer they're both turning their heads towards Cas taking a damn mallet to the Cobra trunk.
Cas’s eyes darken while he steps forward pushing himself harder into Dean’s hand. Rapid bursts of thumping beneath Dean’s fingertips distracts him from the disappearing inches between him and Cas. Even with a height difference in Dean’s favor, Cas seems to peer down on him radiating every bit of the alpha he says he is.
Fuck, one of these days Dean would learn to throw something other than scissors; he grumbled at Cas’s smug face as he threw rock winning rights to Dean could only imagine was nice ass mattress. He watched Cas parade off to the last available bedroom while he settled in on the couch, every muscle in his body bone tired. Tomorrow would be the beginning of crumbling a multi-department drug fed crime syndicate, tonight though Dean was happy with a dreamless sleep definitely not missing the comforts of a mattress or a specific pair of baby blues.
After the first day of summer, it was like someone had thrown a stone through Dean’s glasshouse. Dean seemed to notice
“Cas,” Dean whines, running his hand through Cas’ tousled dark locks. Tugging on the strands, Cas peeks up at him through his lashes and fuck this boy could make an angel fall. “Wait,” Dean pleads with weighted desire, “Fuck, Cas. I want to feel you too.” Cas slides down Dean’s dick one more time before pulling off with a wet pop.
A laugh rumbled through the earpiece. “Just keeping smiling, Charles. Guys like Balthazar will do all the talking if you let them.”
Standing upright for the first time in over an hour, Dean tingles all over or maybe that’s just all the damn oil. Shit, he could sign up for Turkish oil wrestling right with how much he’s covered in. (And don’t judge him for knowing exactly what that is, the internet is a warp hole man; you start on one page and the next thing you know you are watching two guys covered in oil trying to pin one another.)
Without his feet touching the ground, Dean’s entire body flushes from the manhandling. “So strong,” is all he can manage while wrapping himself around Cas like a front backpack. Catching his breath during the slight reprieve, Dean pouts noticing he is naked sans his panties and Cas is still fully clothed in his scrubs.
Covering his mouth with his hands, Dean tries to slow his ragged breaths. All that horror movie knowledge he’s collected over the years wasted; he’s about to be chopped up into itty bitty pieces or eaten by some ferocious forest creature. What the hell was he thinking wandering into the woods? Oh right, he’s an idiot too proud to admit he’s been in love with his best friend since forever and he’s too stubborn to have accepted no as an answer. So much has changed between them once Cas’ relatives showed up—more secrets, more so-called “family time”—Dean just wanted to hold onto their special something, sue him. Well, sue him if he survives this night.
He pops a squat on his toilet twirling his phone in his hand. He taps the screen and opens it, none of the information he read was really helpful. Most of it was mocking, honestly. He scrolls his contacts, thumb hovering over the one contact who would probably be willing to help him. Aaron is supposed to come over in a just over an hour, fuck. Swallowing his pride, Dean hits the contact and prays the call connects.
“Why don’t you make us,” Dean goaded with an eyebrow wiggle. The guard was a bigger man, Dean’s height with a rock-solid muscle build—nothing he hadn’t seen before or couldn’t handle.
Beer rockets out of Dean's nose; he is laughing so hard. It hasn’t happened since he was a kid, but all he could picture was Cas’s hair standing straight up from licking a damn battery. Dean should be embarrassed but he’s still laughing because this is the most ridiculous thing to happen to him. Cas is a trooper in Dean’s eyes; the man doesn’t even make fun of him, Dean assumes it’s because Cas has seen worse in his line of work. A teasing smile tugs at Cas’s lips while he chuckles underneath his breath and helps Dean wipe up the table. Once the table is wiped dry, Cas is bumping shoulders with him, the cheesiest smile on his face. Dean bumps back saying something about warn a guy next time. Seeing Cas’s eyes crinkle adorably when he agrees, Dean feels like cupid shot an arrow straight through his heart. He might be a little in love with Cas. Maybe, more than a little.
Tonight; tonight, Dean was basking in the afterglow of Cas’s first I love you, and in true Cas fashion the cheeky fucker said it and fell asleep.
grunt and threw open the passenger door, planting his feet on the non-moving pavement. And Dean complained about
“You’re so stupid, but you’re my stupid,” And Cas pulled him gently and Dean went, meeting Cas halfway in a kiss so tender it’d make a Michelin Chef weep. Dean knew Cas was saying I love you in his own way between the lines and fuck, it felt so damn good. A cleared voice snapped them apart and when the hell did the warehouse become filled with men? Looking over Cas’s shoulder, Bobby was handcuffing Abaddon and hauling her outside.
Dean stares at his phone in disbelief. Cas bailing on their Halloween tradition for the family smells like a bad Sunday pot roast on Tuesday morning. Replaying their conversation in his head, Dean surmises Cas must have had his relatives in earshot. They must be holding Cas captive or more realistically they guilt-tripped him into staying home tonight. It’s a flimsy explanation but it’s the only lead Dean’s willing to believe as to why his best friend was acting like he could care less about their tradition.
"Fuck!" Dean shouts. If Cas didn't drive like the damn devil was chasing himself, Dean would personally put him six feet in the ground. He needs to cool down, they both do. They do have a race win. "You better win, Cas."
Oh he was about to, Castiel thought to himself as he stopped sucking and licked a long, wet stripe from the base of Dean’s cock to the head; savoring the taste of Dean exploding on his tongue. Kitty licking at the head, Dean shoved both hands in his disheveled locks, “What happened to—” he gulped around a small moan, “—making me scream your name? Huh? At this rate the only thing I’ll be doing—AHHHHHH,” Dean mewled as Castiel wrapped his lips around Dean’s shaft and made his way down; pressing his tongue to the underside of Dean’s dick.
The familiar rumble of the big block soothed Dean’s fraying nerves. Rolling down the window to take in the crisp August air, Dean let Robert Plant fill the silence as he drove. And he drove--cruising the curves, pounding the pavement, and crunching gravel. Lost in the rhythm of driving, Dean hadn’t realized he pulled Baby into the same spot where they spent the other night stargazing until put Baby in park.
“Drugged Cas, you didn’t catch a bullet, but you are fucked up right now.” Dean reminded him with an edge to voice which could easily cut through a raw potato. For a half millisecond, tonight Dean’s soul left his body when he heard the shot echo through the office and didn’t see what happened to his partner; nights like tonight are exactly the reason he didn’t want a partner to begin with. He didn’t want this hopeless personal attachment he had gained for his stoic yet dorky, trench coat donning, badass-in-a-fight but rusty people skills, partner. He grew up watching Bobby mourn the loss of his father, mourning the loss of an irreplaceable hole in his life; it tore Bobby apart. And while Bobby turned out to be an amazing adoptive father, Dean learned a valuable lesson the day his father died. When a cop partner dies, you better dig two graves. Thus, Dean
Rows of brightly painted, race-prepped cars stand out against the white desert sands like crayons on white paper.
The line picked up on the second ring. “Captain,” Castiel started and was promptly cut off by the Captain’s gruff voice.
“Fuck,” is all Dean can manage as his cock springs free lightly smacking against his shirt. Unaware of when he closed his eyes, Dean peels them open to see Cas staring at his dick like it’s the 8th wonder of the world. “Pervert,” Dean teases and Cas looks up at him with a desperate hunger before sinking to his knees.
"And where has that gotten us? Huh? We're on the verge of losing everything we went to war and fought for. We didn't come home just to have nothing." His voice is edging on yelling but he needs his brother to understand he'd do anything for him, for them.
The Captain huffed into the phone, “You two idiots, I swear.” Castiel waited and the older man relented, “We turned over the journal Dean found to Sam to draw up the proper warrants. Looks like we’ll be cleaning the swamp out, we’re going to be collaring some influential assholes starting tomorrow.”
Between the phone calls, meetings, and paperwork the day passed quickly and unceremoniously. Most of the arrests had been made, and those still lingering were in the process of being tacked down and brought in. Normalcy was a word Dean feared he’d never obtain for Sam and Charlie but with all the immediately threatening players off the board, it was exactly what they were going to get.
“You see, I’ve been having this issue in my trunk and I really think you need to take a look at it,” Dean commented, still holding Garth tight around the shoulder as they rounded the black beauty to her rear.
Blanking completely whether, from the chill water or Cas’s warmth, Dean wasn’t sure, so his mouth supplied the talking rather than his mind, “Supposed to be cold,” he said lamely; at least Cas was taking the brute force of the water stream, his body basically a shield.
Dean rolled his eyes thinking no shit sherlock, they were best friends liking one another tended to be a requirement of that. He pushed on—
“We’ve painted a target on our backs, Singer is arresting men we saw every day; men I would have laid my own life down for until yesterday. I can’t argue with the Captain’s reasoning for having us ‘on the bench’.” He air-quoted his partner.
On a typical day, Dean would give Missouri his infamous Winchester smile and a hug before she shooed him off to class on the mornings she greeted students. Today, he couldn’t even meet her eyes or get his tongue to function properly. So, he stood in the office white-knuckling the straps of his backpack in complete silence, just silent and fucking frustrated.
Dean navigated Baby to a parking spot just outside the diner location Bobby had sent and killed the engine while still heatedly explaining to his partner why Robert Plant was a lyrical genius.
Yeah, Bobby had a soft spot for Dean. He practically raised him and Sam after John had been shot and killed in the line of duty. Being an officer of the law was hardwired into Dean’s DNA—his father a decorated detective, his adopted father the Captain, and his grandfather a well-respected city officer before his death.
eyebrow raise and the hum of doubt sliced down the fucker’s ego big time and Dean had to admit he was pretty damn proud. Roman rubbed a hand down the front of his suit trying to smooth nonexistent wrinkles. “If you haven’t found anything and if there are no other questions for me officers, I’d like for you to leave.”
Trying to be the bigger person Dean was going to let the snide comment slide; given, he’d be pretty pissed if his car looked like a chunk of swiss cheese but, “For last time, they shot at me first totally self-defense—”
The tips of Cas’ ears turn pink and he tries to shuffle away but Dean is having none of it tugging on the wrist he’s still locked onto. What kind of reaction is that? He tugs again to let Cas know he's waiting for an answer.
Dropping Cas’s wrist like a hot potato, Dean was thankful for the helmet shielding the light flush he felt in his cheeks.
His boots creaked the wooden front porch steps. Raising a sweaty palm, Dean knocked on the front door; standing there with a handful of hope in one hand and his heart in the other.
Cas saw the trajectory of the guards right hand from a mile away. Before it clapped onto Dean’s left shoulder, Cas's left hand shot across Dean's chest and intercepted it, skillfully bending the middle finger inward at the knuckle pressure point. Ever see a brick on legs suddenly freeze, then pirouette on his tippy-toes like a ballerina? Yeah, it looked like that. His face immediately scrunched into a painful grimace and a bellowing grunt exited from the pit of his stomach.
Finding his bearings, Dean slides his hand agonizingly slow from Cas’s chest down to his ribcage and trails his fingertips from there to Cas’ sharp hip bone. Dean squeezes not enough to bruise but enough to let Cas know he’s serious. Cas nuzzles his nose against Dean’s ear which is unfair, Cas is playing dirty; he’s playing some game of chicken with Dean but too bad so sad Dean came to this forest for his best friend and he wasn’t leaving here without him, so he’s all in; Dean’s in it to win now.
“You know,” Dean started, casting his eyes back to his best friend waiting to see his iris before continuing, “You like the stars, what if you became an astrologist or a meteorologist.”
When in doubt—deflect. Pulling a good ole’ classic Dean Winchester, Dean stepped back, turning his attention anywhere from the too cute to handle head tilt. “Yep, feathers.” Dean said, quickly thinking on his feet, “Because ain’t no one gonna pronounce what was it…Casper? Caster? Carmon?” Dean could hear the grind of the other man’s teeth.
Just as Dean is reaching out to turn over the river card to see once in for all whether or not Cas is bluffing, the sirens sound. Fucking tornado season, Dean thinks; rolling his eyes. Cas’s face looks more alarmed than the sirens blaring. In the next second both their phones are vibrating, a tornado warning flashing across both their screens.
“Right, hydra. If we just keep busting these low time dealers, two or more will take their place. So, by finding the main supplier we can dry up their cash flow and gut this monster. Then the slimy fucker behind all of this will slither out of his hidey-hole.”
“Yeah you do, I’m going to call your mom and tell her I sent you homesick,” She gave him a motherly smile, “And sweetie take it from an old woman, sometimes the best way to learn to swim is to just to jump in. A leap of faith if you will. Trust me you never regret. Now get out of my office with your moping self.” Missouri waved her hand at him like she was shooing a bug at a family barbeque.
“But it wasn’t a coincidence? There’s no such thing in the world of business,” Dean said, following along the line Sammy was drawing.
Dean held Roman’s eyes to let his threat sink in as Cas stepped around them and towards the exit. They didn’t have the evidence yet, but Dean could feel it, somehow or some way Dick Roman was connected to this. Dean’s seen his fair share of killer’s eyes but looking into Roman’s it was more than that, more a wolf in sheep’s clothing; eyes filled with nothing but blood, manipulation, and deceit—a true sociopath.
“Take him to the medic at least!” Dean called out at their retreating forms; shaking his head in disbelief that they actually managed to pull this off.
Castiel noticed over the months they’d been partners that Dean had all but officially moved into his spare bedroom, claiming his loft was the best space to do their research. According to Dean, Castiel’s spacious open floor allowed him to do his best clear thinking. So Castiel inevitably gained a house gremlin who ate all of his food, kept beer in his fridge, had to have coffee a specific way, and even had the audacity to stock his spare bedroom with
He nuzzled deeper into the pillow trying for the tenth time to find a comfortable position. Maybe if Cas hadn’t seemed so butt hurt over his own damn distraction idea, maybe Dean would have offered to share the bed instead of fighting to find a comfy spot on the oversized mattress.
Dean can hear Cas gritting his teeth, "Dean," Cas holds up a wrench, "Don't make me throw this at your head."
“I’ll let you know as things develop, and –shit—I think Gabe just set the smoke alarm off, the man can bake but can’t cook? Like how is that even possible? Gotta go, text me,” Sam said, hitting the hater button. Did he just say Gabe set the kitchen on fire? Had his little gotten so familiar with the man in a day or so, he had actually given Castiel’s cousin a nickname? His muddled brain could not process all of the information some spewed at him—as long as he was kept in the loop, everything would be fine. Plus, he had his own fire to handle in the form of a smoking hot ass partner waiting for him to crawl back into bed.
Charlie flashed him a genuine smile. He had to admit he’d grown rather fond of the redhead. Dean commented in passing, during their long week of stakeout surveillance,  that Charlie felt like the little sister he never had. Standing here watching her smile, about to willingly throw herself to the wolves in order to help them, he understood the feeling.  In a familial, sibling love kind of way, he’d gladly protect her from any harm.
As if Cas could sense him formulating a plan to leave, Cas did a complete 180; literally he turned himself around firmly planting his back against Dean’s front. Fuck, the rules of whatever fucked game Cas was playing kept changing, causing Dean’s head to spin.
empty. But the sheer data size of the thing would say otherwise.” Dean watched as Charlie pulled up some kind of HTML menu littered with lines of code he had no chance in hell of understanding, and continued watching as her fingers flew faster off the keys than Sam’s did when he was bitching Dean out through text messages. Fuck, he didn’t even know it was humanly possible to type that fast.
" Sam feels it, he finally has command of the room, "Victory. When Ferrari wins at Les Mans, people want a taste, a piece of that victory." Sam steps forward fully aware of the eyes on him now, "What if the Ford Badge meant victory? And meant it where it counts. Among the first group of 17 year olds in history with money in their pockets to burn."
“Such a boy scout,” Dean teased, except the predatory gleam in his eyes at Castiel’s newly freed cock betrayed the goading in his voice.
“You need some sleep,” Cas said, standing and adjusting his suit. “You had a traumatizing evening; I trust Sam will get you to my cousin’s place safely. There will be plenty of rooms for everyone to sleep in, Dean and I will meet you thereafter we talk to Bobby.”
Ideas bounce around his head like kids in a bouncy house—chaotic and increasingly more dangerous. The one idea that jumps the highest and loudest is probably the stupidest plan Dean could try and accomplish but it seems to be the one that sticks.
"Nah, that was a bonus," Dean smiled, "I came all the way here for you. Hoping you'd give us a chance."
Dean pushed his friend off of him with a huff followed by laughter. Chuckles filled the few inches between them as they both tried to catch their breaths. The small something that shifted in Dean’s chest shifted a bit more while staring at Cas’ ocean eyes glistening with unshed laugh tears, chest heaving for air, and hair curling into small ringlets from the dampness on his forehead. The moment broke when Cas stood up outstretching his hand to help Dean up as well suggesting they find some snacks downstairs. Only Cas could ruin the cusp of something by thinking with his stomach.
“Okay, I’ll buy you two as much time as I can, from this moment forward you both are working undercover and will be unreachable. If anyone asks, the witness flew the coop and is in the wind. Try and keep me informed without compromising yourselves. And boys if there are dirty cops in my unit, I want them eradicated, gone. You hear me?”  And with one last huff, “And for all that is holy will you two get some sleep? You two look like a pile of dog shit. Now get out of my office.”
“Well, you’ll be the caviar of the party,” Crowley said, running his hands up and down Cas’s chest one time. Anymore and Dean was thinking Crowley would look mighty good without his fingers.
Their swaying came to an abrupt stop while Castiel could feel his partner’s Adam’s apple bob as if he was swallowing an impossible amount of air. Castiel took a half step to look into Dean’s eyes, maybe this plan was a bad idea but before he could even finish his thought, he caught a deliciously wicked smirk on Dean’s face.
“Tell me Officer have you found anything imperative to your murder investigation?” Dick asked in Dean’s general direction not standing down from his staring contest with Cas after having read the warrant, the asshole’s voice smug and pretentious.
"Heard good things about you Mr. Voss, heard you're having a damn good season with that Abarth," Dean says, sticking his hand out for a shake.
Somehow a man with everything to lose fell in love with a man with everything to prove and they became an unstoppable, banter-slinging, scumbag capturing force with many, many stories yet to tell.
Between their daily banter and arguments—don’t get him started on the whole ‘Driver picks the music and shotgun shuts his cakehole’ argument, though Castiel did discover he rather enjoyed Led Zeppelin but would take a knife to the leg before he admitted it to Dean—they did manage to get some fine police work done. Well, they did when Dean actually followed the plan instead of kicking the door in followed by trying to take on the biggest guy in the room. Or when Dean wasn’t trying to eat Castiel out of house and home. Seemed once he had earned Dean’s respect, Dean felt compelled to come over to his loft to do their brainstorming and follow-up work.
When they break apart for air, Cas pulls back slowly moving a fraction away from Dean only, so he can nuzzle his forehead against Dean’s.
The guard grunted a satisfactory "yes" and Cas immediately hopped up and backed away in a defensive stance, waiting for the man to honor his word. The second he was up he pivoted with a raised elbow which Cas smacked away. The guard was shaken by his speed and even more when finding a foot to the chest. Cas grabbed handfuls of his shirt fabric before bouncing up once with his right foot and then sliding it between the guard's legs with his body while his planted foot gave him the leverage to hurl the assholes entire form up and over his own bodies still downward sliding form against the dancefloor. Cas heard the guy crashing behind him, yet years of practice already had him on his knees and back up into another defensive stance should this guy need further education.
“Ah—” Dean withered as Castiel choked around the dick punching the back of his throat, “—Not gonna last—fuck your mouth is heaven—”
It's like all the air is sucked out of the room, and the only person who inhales is Enzo. His face is dark like an impending thunderstorm, "Gentlemen. As a builder. A constructor. As a man, as an Italian...my integrity is deeply insulted by, by this proposal."
When Dean was looking for apartments, he half-hoped Cas would want to be his roommate. It seemed logical they were best friends, they were going to the same university, and they both wanted more independence. Well, Cas’ family had strong opinions about that idea.
Money doesn’t make the man. Castiel has spent every waking moment trying to prove he’s more than just his last name, more than the money his dad left him. From multiple fighting style disciples to world-class war and field training strategists, he’s mastered it all. When the opportunity arose to become part of the tactical narcotics team in his home city of Miami, it was an opportunity too sweet to pass up.
“I’ll see you in fifteen.” Dean hit the end button, already putting his shoes back on and heading out the door.
“You’re allowed to have bigger dreams than four walls and four windows Cas,” Dean commented, waiting for Cas to train his baby blues on him. If anyone deserved a bright future it was fucking Castiel Shurley. Dean arched an eyebrow while raking his eyes over Cas’ stoic face seeing through the other boy’s façade with ease. Underneath the pursed lips and blank stare, Dean found uncertainty.
“What’s a guy gotta do to get a place like this,” Dean said, swirling in a circle, admiring the sleek walls and modern architectural design.
As Cas crowds back into Dean’s space, Dean knows he was kidding himself for thinking for a minute he was ever in control. Cas is a dominating force, every single fiber of his being radiating alpha while his dick slots in perfectly next to Dean’s. In between breaths they both have managed to wrap their hands around each other’s dicks.
Her eyes widened with the realization on where Dean was taking this crazy train. “Kevin had written it down on the business card, it would mean nonsense to anyone else.”
before delving into the sweet burning relief of alcohol. He hands the glass back after his usual whiskey burn. A satisfying ah from the whiskey fills the space as Dean waits for Cas’s next instructions.
Well, he thought the wonderful squishy support underneath him would knock his ass right out but here he was strumming his fingers against his sternum like he was plucking a six-string. Irked didn’t begin to cover the thoughts clouding his mind and keeping him from sleep.
junk. Also, this close Dean could tell Cas shaved, not waxed, which was still respectable. And scraping any other lingering inappropriate thought, Dean maneuvered Cas into the bristling cold water.
“Be more evidence if you hadn't marched in guns blazing,” Cas huffed. Oh so, this is how it was going to go—full-on argument, huh?
Sam is not falling for the other man's bait, instead he decides to take a gamble, "Enzo Ferrari will go down in history as the greatest car manufacturer of all time."
Dean hummed, mulling over the question in his mind, “I was,” he tapped his fingers along his sternum, “I did the hard part, telling Bobby, you, Mom and Dad. That was scary. Telling Cas will be a walk in the park compared to that.” Dean let that information sink in trying to figure out what prompted his baby brother to crawl into his bed, “I don’t care what anyone else thinks if that’s what you're worried about.”
Crowley huffs, "Are you serious? This would take years! Hello, decades of testing and development for us to a build the kind of program—"
“Captain,” Cas cut in, “we are aware of the implications from what we are implying. Sir, we believe the bust yesterday is connected to a bigger criminal organization operating in the shadows with substantial money and resources.”
Fuck, the whole situation was eating Dean from the inside out. A stupid, bad kiss was not worth throwing away the best friendship he had ever made. He needed to get Cas alone and have a come to Jesus meeting. But how? The answer hit Dean like a freight train almost mockingly staring him in the face the whole time—a late-night gravel travel.
“Not so bad yourself, Charlie,” Dean complimented Charlie on her swanky dress. Decked out in crystals the bareback strappy A-line in deep plum on Charlie’s thin, tall frame was a showstopper.
And like any jump off a swing set, the flying always ended too quickly. The kiss was over but both boys were smiling, sucking in air like they had forgotten how important oxygen was.
Then Dean learned a cruel, cruel life lesson—what God gives, God can take away. The night following their fourth day of school, Castiel seemed different; he seemed distant as if his head was stuck on another planet. Parked at their favorite spot, Dean turned off the music adjusting his body to face Cas. He searched Cas’ face for the slightest clue about what had his best friend looking like someone just told him they ran over his dog.
"Nah Doc, I prefer to stand." Dean says, shoving his hands in jeans. He bristles looking at the doctor's face. It's not just Donatello, all doctor's seem to be shit lairs and Dean can tell from the Doc's lack of a poker face its bad news.
“Nervous.” Cas finishes for him and without looking Dean knows there is a smile on his face, “Trust me I’ve heard it all when you do this kind of work. You feel like you’ve been alive for centuries.”
The machine becomes weightless. It disappears completely. All that's left is your body moving through space and time.
Dean lifted his hips and spread his legs even wider to give him better access. Running a soothing hand down the top of Dean’s left thigh, Castiel reached between them to circle the lubed up digit around Dean’s hole. He could feel Dean’s gasp as he slowly slid his finger into the tight ring of muscles. One finger in and out became two, and two became three scissoring, twisting, and pumping, occasionally brushing Dean’s moan zone. Moving his fingers deftly, Castiel needed to make sure they were on the same page before taking the final plunge, “Dean.” Dean opened his lost- in-pleasure, half-hooded eyes to give Castiel his rapt attention, “Is this what you want?”
The pause Dean was waiting for. Popping up from the desk, Dean rapidly fired two bullets straight into the fucker’s chest; the guy sank to the floor faster than a bag full of bricks falling from the building's rooftop.
“Sam—” Dean started to protest when of all fucking people Gabriel stepped out behind his mountain man of a brother.
“Listen, ain’t apologizing buddy. This list of bullshit means nothing in my eyes,” Dean said, clicking his tongue at Mr. Stick-Up-His-Ass.
Grief faded to relief which gave way to boiling anger. Just what in the hell was Sammy wrapped up in? Dean needed answers and needed them fucking yesterday. Lucky for Dean he knew exactly where his little brother laid his head at night.
The grunts and sighs Cas makes is driving Dean absolutely wild. He pushes his hips back to meet Cas’s thrust, their bodies finding a compatible rhythm. Dean’s never had sex like this, where he feels so connected, so in sync with another.
He opens the Airstream door to Bobby's smug face and slides on some shades, "Let's do this," he says with a smile.
Using his better senses, he opened up his locked screen and dialed the Captain to check-in and find out the progress on the case.
“Hey,” he said as to not scare the moose in his natural habitat. “Burning the candle at both ends I see.”
He crawled up onto Baby’s hood after letting it cool to continue his thinking letting the blue-sky help shed light on his inner turmoil.
The plan he’s laid is full proof. Well as full proof as possible, as long as Cas is in fact interested in him and this doesn’t go sideways. Too late to back out now though, Cas agreed to meet him for an after-hours appointment and Dean’s already put Baby in park outside.
Netflix and chill turns out to be Netflix, beer, laughs, lightly kissing, and chill. Aaron is great and by the time Dean is wishing him good evening he realizes he likes Aaron—likes him like a really good friend. Dean teeters on the line between feeling shitty for Aaron because Dean can’t be the guy he needs and feeling relief because Dean’s discovered what he wants in a relationship with a man.
A single realization chanted itself over and over again as he fell back onto his ass for the second time in less than five minutes: The shower wasn’t a dream.
He's not sure what to expect, standing here in Henry's office. Maybe he's about to lose his job, or worse be murdered surely with Mr. Ford's connections the man could hide a body.
His upbringing dictated that a boy liking another boy was wrong. The preacher spoke on the matter a few times over the course of Dean’s life, the subject a matter most people would rather ignore or sweep under the rug in their small Kansas town. Dean had never known anyone like that but didn’t mean they didn’t exist, didn’t mean his teachings on the matter were right either. He quit going to church a long time ago because of a difference of opinions.
The spider-web thin sting holding together Dean’s restraint snapped. “I’m not the one who should be answering questions right now Sammy!” He crowded into Sam’s space. “I just spent the last 24 hours playing car dodgeball with a bunch of fucking angry Cubans, then you know what happened? Mhm? I ended up at a diner with some girl who asked for me personally, by the way, after three hours of sleep saying she witnessed a murder and you want to know what she said to me?” Dean said, pouring the fire from his eyes into his brother’s soul. “Poughkeepsie. Fucking Poughkeepsie Sam!” Dean didn’t bother to slow down even after all the color drained from his brother’s face. “Now you are going to me why some random redhead knows our get the fuck out of Dodge word?”
“Don’t worry Feathers, I ain’t afraid of a little Dick,” Dean shot off with a wink, white-knuckling the steering wheel and hammering the gas a bit more, hoping Bobby could provide a little insight on their new number one enemy.
“Sam, I think the card was meant for you. I think Kevin purposefully left you the password in case anything were to happen to him.” Dean didn’t know Kevin, yet he sounded so sure in his reasoning. Kid had thought of everything up until he was shot, why the fuck wouldn’t he have a contingency plan?
“I didn’t realize being a cop meant being an off-brand lumberjack simpleton who tries and fails to intimidate others by flashing his muscles and running his ignorant mouth.”
Dean was rocking his Batman costume—awesome fake muscles, bat mask, and Batman light-up sneakers—when at the third house he trick-or-treated he met Cas sporting a decked-out Superman costume with matching fake muscles. They reached for the doorbell at the same time while the attending parents chatted at the bottom of the stoop. Dean doesn’t remember the lady who gave them a handful of candy, but he does remember Cas pointing out his light-up sneakers saying they were cool, and Dean liked Cas’ Superman costume. They ended up trick-or-treating together the rest of the night talking superheroes and trading candy bars since Cas was fond of Paydays and Dean liked Kit-Kat’s the most. Cas was in a separate class so Dean had seen him around but didn’t know him, but that night he couldn’t get enough of the Krypton-clad boy with too big and blue to be true pouting anytime the cheap grandma candy made its way into his candy pail. At the end of the night, Dean had declared them best friends and the rest is history. After 15 years as best friends, Dean still traded Cas Payday’s for Kit-Kat’s.
"Already up old man!" Dean lies, but sits up and stretches. He eyes the empty liquor bottles littered across the small counter, he's sure as not as young as he used to be.
“Yeah, I am, and he seems great. Guess I’ll find out over dinner. And if things go well like I’m hoping, and we end up back at my place for the night and I didn’t want to assume…”
Dean interrupted, he needed Bobby to understand how deep this river of corruption ran, “Not just in our department Bobby, possibly in every department and the city. Sam’s been—”
“Yes Dean, the alpha enters the forest after all the eligible and interested have. And supposedly the inner wolf inside the alpha will guide him or her to their perfect mate. Which is what I was doing when you interrupted me.” Cas finishes like he’s the commentary on a documentary. He shakes his hand free from Dean’s grasp and begins trekking through the forest again.
A laugh bubbled from his chest. Honestly, Dean didn’t feel disgusted or anything of the type. He felt more a mild curiosity. And if he was being even more honest with himself, he actually felt a swell of pride, anyone lucky enough for Cas to like them must be pretty special. Dean leaned all the way back letting himself splay out on Baby’s hood.
Cas manages to wiggle out of his older brother's arms and runs a hand through his hair. Gabe still treats him like he's six but he finds himself smiling despite it. "Me! Come on, Kevin was being an assbutt and you know it. Who wakes up and decides to enforce luggage capacity rules! It's a
He rounded the bed and took one last good glance at the drooling Adonis ruining his pillow before pulling up the blankets over Dean’s shoulders. On his way out of the room, he grabbed his cellphone and flicked the light off, shaking his head at the fact they fell asleep with the light on, to begin with. Another high school girl blush crept up at his neck at realizing that up until his bladder so rudely awakened him, he was sharing a bed with Dean. Pinching the bridge of his nose, could the world give him a break?
Running his fingers through Cas’s thick strands, Dean said, “You asked for five more minutes twenty minutes ago.”
“Enough!” the Captain sighed, letting his head fall into his hands. “Jesus, you two fight like an old bitter married couple.” He let out another deep-rooted sigh before continuing, “The money is a good start, I’ll handle the city. Tomorrow do some interrogations at the hospital if you can and get the fuck out of my office and get some gosh dang sleep. You two look like hell.”
For a minute, Sam is sixteen again staring at a red Ferrari posted on his bedroom ceiling. Him being here feels more than surreal.
“Shelve your fake customer service shit, we have a signed warrant.” Dean flashed the warrant not bothering to stop at the desk, completely blowing past it with his partner hot on heels while ignoring the lady’s commands to
Every single pair of eyes turns towards him. Sam feels a trickle of sweat slide down the back of his neck. He looks down at the protector in his arms and wishes he could heave the damn thing out the window.
“I should have known Dean Winchester would be a Batman fan; too bad. I thought we could be friends,” Castiel said with a completely expressionless face which left Dean gaping at him. As Dean fumbled for words, Castiel broke out into a wicked smile. The little shit was jerking his chain! Professor Super Scowl had a sense of humor, who knew?
God, Dean loves this. The smell of engine grease, the sound of humming cylinders, the busyness of bodies itching for the race to get started.
“Please have your companions follow my assistants and—” Crowley stopped taking in Dean’s appearance before turning back to the ladies who had come to fetch them. “Burn that flannel please, a specimen this fine deserves to shine, not be hidden underneath  gauche block patterns….disgraceful.”
Everything apparently—every time he tries asking Cas out for dinner or attempts arranging some romantic evening (dinner and a movie, the aquarium, a picnic, a fucking drive in his Baby because he’s just desperate) the universe is dead set on working against him like it has some sort of fucking grudge.
A parade of cars pulls through the doors of the factory. Sam's one of the many in the entourage of lawyers, accounts, and executives.
Thinking logically as he paced a whole in the tile at the station, kidnappings tended to be followed by demands and as much as it was killing he’d have to be patient—wait for whoever thought they were hot shit to call and demand whatever in exchange for his partner’s life.
Cas wasn’t kidding; Colorado was stunning. Flat plains gave away to hills and slightly beyond the horizon stood the Rocky Mountains in all their glory. And Christ on a cracker, the sight of them left Dean breathless; he really needed to get out of Kansas more.
Suppressing another shiver because honestly fuck cold water, showers are meant to be enjoyed skin-melting hot. Turning back to his decreasing less vegetable-like partner, whom he abandoned on the toilet and was currently examining the roll of toilet paper like it was Da Vinci’s Mona Lisa, Dean internally screamed in the form of a soft exhaled sigh. He scrubbed a hand down his face; he really hadn’t thought this plan all the way through.
“No,” Dean answered, feeling panic seize up around his spine, “No, Bobby, listen; I’m worried. Cas isn’t answering his phone, he’s not at home, and I haven’t seen him.”
Managing to inch is way close enough, Dean could finally see those beautiful ocean eyes he missed so much; they darted to him down to his hands to the side where Ms. Bitch was still holding a pistol to his stubbled sharp jaw. Awareness swam through those baby blues and Dean flashed his infamous
And Dean would be lying if said he didn’t fucking love being manhandled because hot damn Cas is freaky strong and there are not many guys who can lift his heavy ass off the ground but Cas could; Dean vibrates with the knowledge that later when they’re not jerking each other roughly in the middle of the fucking woods, Cas can pick him up by the thighs and throws him onto his memory foam.
“Well funny story there,” Dean said, gun still pointed high, “Seems since the bust, your authority has been called into question and I’ve also heard you pay like shit.” Dean moved his finger to the trigger, testing the limits of the 5-pound trigger. “So, the question was what army I brought? The answer is yours.”
“You heard me. Get moving and I know you’re at Cas’ so take your damn partner with you. Some girl says she witnessed a murder and asked for you specifically,”
Slinging the duffle over his shoulder, he rolled his shoulders mustering up all the courage he could. Once he stepped out that door everything would change. Who was he kidding? Everything changed the moment he saw that John Wayne's collection on Cas’ bookshelves and those blue eyes sparkled with mischievousness.
Sam and Charlie had been productive while they were busy dealing with Dick. A pinboard was set up in the middle of the room—a little old school but then again Dean lived for the old school—with several mugshots already hanging.
Thankfully, Cas furrowed his brow and clicked his tongue cracking open his eyes and staring at an unnerving softness followed by an even softer, “Freckles.”
“First all, it’s Captain,” the older man snapped, though his bark was worse than his bite, “and yes you do. No more of this flying solo shit you seem set on.” Authority flooded the man’s hard-set eyes, which could only mean the Captain meant fucking business. “There seems to be some new supped-up ecstasy floating around the underground and making its way into some kid's hands. This stuff is killing kids, Dean.” The Captain’s voice took an even more dark, serious tone. “I want this off my streets. I will not stand by while any more innocents die, you understand?”
Castiel caught Garth casting glances between Dean and the empty trunk sporting the same puzzlement he was. Squinting against the light as he stepped closer to them, Castiel saw a wicked smile flash across Dean’s face. “See buddy, the problem I’m having is I just can’t figure how much I can fit back here. Don’t get me wrong Baby’s got back but…” The sarcasm and fake nice woven together from Dean’s tongue made Castiel cringe and then before Castiel could get a word in—
His mind wandered back to the night of Lisa’s end of summer bash. The way Cas looked when he was Lisa kissing him, the way he disappeared it all made sense now and felt like a swift kick in the gut. Dragging a hand down his face, Dean wanted to laugh at the irony of it all. He had wasted so much time planning an apology for Lisa when Cas didn’t even like her.
God. Dean wants to rip that annoying ticking clock right off the wall. The hand keeps ticking and ticking and ticking.
Dropping his voice an octave, bordering on growling, he said, “If anything goes sideways, we get out of there you hear me? Especially you Charlie, if you feel even the tiniest bit something is off you bolt okay? Feathers and I can handle ourselves, but we need you safe we don’t know who Dick has out looking for you.”
Pushing everything but his plan out of his mind, he pulled Dean by the wrist flush against him. The hand which once gripped his partner’s wrist was now pressing securely into the small of Dean’s back, while the other traveled aching slowly up and down Dean’s torso. Underneath his fingertips resting on Dean’s perky pec, he felt a stuttered inhale and exhale of breath.
Peeking over his shoulder, Dean catches Cas’s eye shift from his ass to the wall really quick. Dean smiles at the fact he just caught Cas’ staring. So far so good on the plan front.
“Now—” Castiel spoke, pouring a generous amount of lube on his fingers, rubbing them together to warm the cool liquid, “—let’s see what kind of noises that mouth can make.”
Cas is bluffing. Mr. I’ve Never Played Texas Hold ‘Em Before either had the best beginner luck Dean’s ever seen or Dean was straight up being hustled by Mr. Move To the Middle of Nowhere New Yorker.
“What?” Dean chokes out, thanking his lucky stars he’s holding onto Cas’ wrist because the touch grounds him while his entire world is spinning. The only word floating through his panicked mind is playing on repeat—
This is Cas, Dean reminds himself. Cas waxes assholes all day and answers the world’s oddest questions if Dean can ask any it’s this guy. “Yes, everything’s fine.”
. Punching the button, Dean peeked over his shoulder, hiding the smile threatening his lips at the sight of heels retreating back to the desk, the receptionist dramatically talking into the phone. The elevators dinged before sliding open. Dean stepped in with Cas right behind him and punched the B1 button for the basement then the door close button. Dean flashed his infamous Winchester smile with a mocking wave at the lady bounding across the lobby screaming stop at them.
“Dude, you’ve been angrily flipping through the textbook for thirty minutes.” Dean shoved his hands in his pockets, rocking back and forth on the balls of his feet, “What you need is a break—” gesturing towards the comics that needed to be shown some love, “—tell me, who’s your favorite?”
When the leaves right behind him crunch, Dean says his prayers. He screams when something brushes up beside him, scrambling away from whatever horror is about to happen to him.
They could sort this mess out in the morning when they both had clear heads. And for once in their partnership, Cas didn’t put up a fight at Dean’s command rather he simply nodded and turned on his heel swiftly exiting the bathroom but not before Dean could say, “And put some damn clothes before you do!” at Cas’s retreating form.
God, he needed aspirin like yesterday. He found the bottle he stored in his kitchen drawer and downed two pills with unfortunately a glass of tap water. Well, he should probably make coffee for the grumpy bear as a peace offering before he broke the bad news about being confined, and maybe if he was lucky Dean would be willing to listen to his apology. Or at least punch him in the face, it might be the quickest way to return things back to normal given Dean preferred actions to feelings. And if he was being the least bit honest, he deserved it.
And with no tact or shame his partner asked, “Could you be more specific Mr. Roman, exactly where did you spend time with this lady last night?”
Over the music the only other sounds were the unmistakable thumping in the trunk which sounded more like a sack of potatoes being rolled around with every gas and brake duo, Castiel’s muttered curses underneath his breath, and Dean’s breathy laughs enjoying this whole situation more than he should. As promised, they went around the parking lot only once, and no Castiel could not count the number of times Dean ‘brake-checked’ the car, but he was going to need some Tylenol stat or he’d be partner-less really quick—murder or strangulation being his top two options of partner removal. After Dean parked the car again, Castiel had the strong urge to kiss the solid ground for he still felt as if the world was still violently rocking him back and forth.
His parents eyed his dark circles with concern. Sam entered his room several times a night now with some excuse trying to hide the fact he was checking up on him. While he appreciated their love, he couldn’t tell them how torn up he truly was.
“A little busy here buddy,” Dean said with a breathlessness Castiel secretly prided himself on causing. And then warm hands were squeezing his hips and even warmer lips were pressed against his once more giving as good as they got.
Needing to feel a piece of him, Dean fished Cas’ letter out of his back pocket and reread the words he knew by heart now. Stars in his eyes. Cas’ blue eyes were the one that really sparkled, glittered even under the darkness of night, or shimmered like clear ocean water on a perfect day when the sunlight struck them just right.
“Burn it!” Crowley called out, leading Cas the opposite direction while Charlie was led a different way as well.
“I have eyes!” his partner said, exasperated. “Shut the hell up, so I can dodge these assbutts!” After becoming Dean’s partner, Cas became a parroting toddler testing and playing with numerous combinations of explicit words he picked up from his partner…some better than others.
“I do! Which makes me crazier than the two of you knuckle-heads,” the Captain sighed, scratching at his beard with a frown before leveling the both of them with a hard-set stare. “What do you need from me?”
“How long have you been keeping this secret from me?” Dean says, dramatically gesturing at all of Cas.
His half-asleep butter brain had other intentions than letting Cas sleep, mostly just rambling, “No think about it, we start at square one tomorrow. Our next new adventure for Feathers and Freckles. Yeah, what do you think Cas, the good cop, bad cop adventures of Feathers and Freckles?”
His flattery seemed to win him a smile, “Since you won’t be walking out of here alive, I see no harm in telling you my name. You can call me Abaddon—” She moved her finger to the trigger of her Sig 9mm, “—Now hand over Dick and your delicious partner here doesn’t eat a bullet.”
“All in,” Cas smirks, pushing his large pile of poker chips to the center of the smaller round table in Dean’s kitchen.
, they set the raid at night in two days’ time after hashing a few plan details and time arrangements. After hanging up, Dean felt giddy and anxious all at once. Raids were one of the fun perks of the job, and with chasing after these dickbags he hasn’t seen a raid in close to a year. But on the flip side of the coin, raids were notoriously dangerous even in full gear. The gamble of never knowing what they were walking into. The top of the danger sundae 99% of the time was, the bad guys had guns and they always shot back. Even with all the life-threatening risks, Dean wasn’t afraid; he’d have Cas watching his back and the opportunity to hopefully end this.
Fifteen sets of footsteps padded softer than a kitten upon the warehouse with Dean leading the charge. He signaled to those behind to begin the split. The party split seamlessly into three groups of five in order to cover all the entrances and exits. Once the parties were waiting outside their targeted locations, flashbangs were rolled inside, and then like a tornado in the middle of a thunderstorm, they'd descended on the warehouse through the lingering flashbang smoke.
Bobby clicked on the television set up in the corner of the office after everyone seemed situated. “What part of subtle do you two not seem to understand?”
“No, I’m coming up there. I’ll retrace his steps.” Dean cut in, turning his panic into fuel; switching on his detective mode.
Someone has watched too many B-rated action films because in the center of the warehouse tied to a chair was Cas; his head slumped slightly with an accompanying rag mouth gag and underneath the dramatic swinging lightbulb, Dean could make out a split lip, eyebrow and possibly a broken nose. Cas put up one hell of a fight, atta boy; Dean felt a pang of sympathy for the other guys knowing they probably looked a hell of a lot worse than his partner.
He was not going to rise to Dean’s bait though, “I was merely offering what you want, it was my mistake last night that got us sidelined. You shouldn’t have to be stuck here with me.”
Breathing a sigh of relief once she is safely nestled inside her home space, Dean inhales despair staring at the storm he has to reenter. Honestly, there is nothing worse than wet socked feet and his feet are definitely wet inside his boots. But to get dry feet, he must right his way back through the storm.
Crowley steps forward and slams today's newspaper with the headline FIAT BUYS FERRARI in large letters on Henry's desk hard enough he flinches. "We were played," Crowley says and waits for Henry to turn around from the window he was contemplating life from, "Asshole used us as an opportunity to up his price for Fiat, while embarrassing our company and insulting your leadership." Crowley turns and Sam meets his eyes, "This was a bloody bad idea from the start."
Finally, am I right? Comments are always welcome. Once again this chapter was made possible Winchestersingerautorepair, and DeanieWeanieWrites.
“Cassie! We need to have a talk about your partner here!” Gabe snatched his cousin from Dean’s arm, carting Cas towards the exit.
“What do you want me to say, Dean?” Cas says, borderline losing his cool, “I turned sixteen and had my shift on the next full moon. You think I knew what was happening to me? Huh? Tell me how I’m supposed to tell my best friend—oh by the way I turn into a wolf now and would probably eat your face because I don’t know how to control my urges yet—yeah that would have gone over real well Dean,” Cas finishes a little red in the face and balling up his fists.
“Bye,” Dean waved, wiggling his fingers as the woman flipped him off while she hastily exited the bedroom.
“I’m not dead, just…” Cas trailed, losing interest in his sentence while bringing his arms up to grip Dean’s biceps.
Sam grabs a blanket off of one of the chairs in the pit as Dean stumbles out of the car, jumpsuit on fire. Dean drops to the ground just as Sam reaches him. A mantra of
“Cas?” Dean whispers with a sense of wonderment. The metric ton of fur seems to register Dean’s words which stops the growling and is replaced with an honest to goodness signature Cas head tilt. Shit, if Dean thought it was stupidly cute when Cas was human, the wolf tilting his head in confusion is a thousand times cuter.
Fuck Castiel Shurley for being the best thing that has ever happened to him. Dean punched his pillow, fuck the words ‘I’m moving’.
Rolling his eyes, Dean jogs to catch up to Cas’ retreating back. His best friend’s lithe runner’s body and ridiculously thick thigh muscle all make so much sense now that Dean knows Cas is some type of creature—seriously those thighs are supernatural. “Cas, wait.”
Hanging up the phone, she schooled her features painting on a vibrant smile which didn’t reach her eyes. “Welcome to Roman Enterprises.”
An “almost,” was not the response he was expecting, and before he could open his mouth, Dean had stepped well into his personal space with fingers already unbuttoning the top two buttons on his shirt. Arching an eyebrow, Dean already prompted an answer for his actions, “There, now you don’t look like a choir boy.”
Of course as they make their way over, Shurley ambushes them, "Dean! Dean! Can we get a word on Winchester Motors? Are you really on the cusp of bankruptcy? Heard Good-Year isn't renewing their sponsorship."
The bouncer looked over the trio once, then waved them inside, his neutral expression never bothering to change. Castiel pointed to his ear signaling if they needed to communicate, they could do so through the earpieces he handed out during the car ride. With a nod from both his cohorts, they broke apart. With dim lighting, a dance floor in the center, rotating color-changing overhead lights, a DJ up at the front of the dance floor thumping some type of mix of bass and radio songs, two bars right and back sides of the wall and a staircase to the VIP section on the left, Ménage was your typical Miami people of the night club. Truly overpriced and overpopulated in Castiel’s opinion. Although, the mass of people and bass dropping music should provide excellent cover.
The Captain, Bobby Singer, despite his obvious growing age from his full salt-and-pepper-beard and receding hairline, was a spry and no-bullshit leader. He didn’t take crap from no one, not even the pretentious assholes down at City General, always jumped the gun to defend his officers from Internal Affairs. Singer also used to be—Dean’s late father—John Winchester’s partner.
The old man’s eyebrows attempted to touch his receding hairline. “Dick Roman? Jesus boy, you think he’s involved in this?”
The dude just shrugs, Dean surmises Cas has been asked this question a hundred times but he’s genuinely curious about the answer, “I had no idea what I wanted to do when I graduated. My co-owner is also my childhood best friend. When she decided she wanted to do this, I followed along. Turns out I surprisingly don’t mind staring at genitals all day,” Cas says, somewhat boldly and clinically like a doctor delivering someone’s prognosis, “I like my job,” and Cas’s small laugh is somewhat contagious and Dean smiles at it, “I make decent money, set my own my hours mostly, and my clients are always rather nice.”
And if that isn’t a motto to live by. Dean laughs, Cas really is a good guy. Speaking of assholes, “Hey speaking of trusting people and assholes and things. Do you think…” Dean trails.
In fact, to make good on his promise to himself, the following weekend Dean hauled Cas into the kitchen for an impromptu cooking lesson instead of visiting the lake. A lesson which ended in two loaves of bread, at least a carton of eggs, and three packages of varying sliced lunch meat being destroyed. Thank God, Sammy offered to help eat some of their wilder creations, and following their food infused weekend, Dean never had to eat the same sandwich twice at lunch for the rest of summer.
A hissed curse came through the earpiece snapping Castiel’s attention from the guards to seeking out his partner which was trying to mingle in with the dance crowd. His feet already moved on their own accord when Dean’s voice softly played in his ear, “I think I’ve been made, guess they don’t take kindly to a guy standing in a dark corner talking to himself.”
“Don’t ever do something so reckless again,” Cas whispers, carding his fingers through Dean’s hair. There’s probably a story behind Cas’s desperate out of character clinging but he could wait until Cas was ready to tell it.
With a dramatic but signature Cas eye-roll, “Yes,” and with that response, Dean parted with his partner to search through the crowd.
The kid was like a guitar solo in a Led Zeppelin song, intense and heavy, while electric and exciting. A mysterious mop of raven hair with a bad boy, come-at-me attitude who showed no shame in walking around with his nose always buried in a cheesy teen romance novel. Castiel didn’t need words to express his feelings, not when they were so clearly written on his face with his
You’d think Dean had never operated a zipper or pants button before by the way his fingers were fumbling. A hearty chuckle made the tips of Dean’s ears turn pink. “I’m glad you think this is funny; better laugh it up now because you are so going to owe me for this.” Cas smiled at this threat like he was a tiny barking teacup chihuahua. Fucker.
“Careful there, stare at it any harder and you might catch it on fire,” Dean teased, but then almost swallowed his tongue when Castiel threw icy eye daggers at him.
He frowns at the boxers he’s fiddling within his hands, delaying putting on his jeans knowing they’re going to chafe him like a bad hiking trip in the middle of summer.
Dean turns the letter over in his hands a few times feeling the material of the paper in his hands. The mattress dips with Dean’s weight. He runs his pointer finger underneath the lip of the letter opening it with care. The letter itself is a thicker material this time instead of notebook paper. Nerd really went out and bought stationary. Dean wants to laugh but he’s afraid once he lets one emotion go, all the others he’s kept at arm’s length will surface.
The situation is a win-win in Dean’s book. He gets his best friend as his quote on quote roommate and a couple of nights a month he gets the whole apartment to himself to have either Dean time with Mr. Lefty or with whatever lady he’s had the pleasure of charming into coming home with that evening. Or on rare occasions, a handsome fellow whose eyes are almost the right shade and hair almost the right mix of brown to black, Dean prides himself on being an equal opportunity kind of guy.
He glared at it wishing it to ring at any moment. When it didn’t ring he set to pacing the kitchen tiles. He could wait.
“Real humble, Cas.” Dean chuckles, but he has more questions while Cas is finally being truthful with him, “So are you out here because of the full moon?” The question seems logical given the little information he’s gained watching a few
Fuck. Dean stretched and his knees gave protest as he stood up. Ugh, he probably didn’t have time for a shower although he needed one bad the way his t-shirt and jeans were hugging his skin; damn Miami night air, hot and sticky no matter the time of day.
Swinging his arm around the smaller man’s shoulders and manhandling him slightly, Dean started walking, Garth effectively his prisoner.
Holy shit, Dean wanted to smack himself…again. Seriously, was he always this blind and oblivious? The plain as day, obvious truth railroaded him—he liked Cas. Like liked Cas.
Exhaustion flooded his system, shutting down his feelings and brainpower. With a heavy breath, Dean wiped at his eyes while once again curling around the pillow Cas’ used to sleep with. Inhaling his best friend’s clinging musky scent, Dean fell into a fitful sleep like a widow.
Driving to his own apartment felt surreal, the last time he was when this whole mess had begun. Creaking open the door; he was met with the sight of Sam lounging on the couch pouring over what Dean assumed was case files. Dean had to admit Sam was handling being the new impromptu District Attorney with grace while cracking the whip down.
Castiel tilted his head, a slight furrow on his brows. “I don’t understand that reference,” he said, nursing the whiskey in his hands. Maybe after they broke this case, he’d take Dean up on his movie education scheme he'd been droning on about for a few weeks now.
Except this time, he knew he’d let Dean win. Although, after their fake not so fake kiss, he’d much rather share the bed. Partner. He could feel the blush creep up his neck from the implications of his thoughts as he threw paper letting Dean win because Dean always throws scissors. He should not be thinking about his partner in such ways, but the phantom sensation of those warm lips crushed against his own haunted him. Dean hooped and hollered like a ‘gracious’ winner over finally defeating Cas in a round; a pity pat landed on his shoulder as Dean winked, “Better luck next buddy,” before sauntering off to the bedroom.
Fuck. Following the gruff older man into the private glass office, Dean could count off the top of his head at least three things that Captain Singer could be wanting to “talk” to him about.
“To paraphrase a friend, why don’t you take out the entire oak tree shoved up your ass and shoot something sometime this century!” his partner growled, throwing an impressive medusa stare at him.
Dean slides back on his sunglasses cool as cumcumber but not before tossing the stunned reporter a wink and begins walking again.
Circling back to stand next to his partner, Dean schooled his facial features falling back into his usual detective questioning. “Can you tell me where you were last night?”
The all-glass building loomed and looked every bit as pretentious Dean assumed the CEO Dick Roman was. It screamed
“Why can’t it be me?” Dean says, nudging the growing weight perched on his shoulder. If he’s going to be rejected by the only person he's ever been in love with he’s going to need a better reason than being human.
“Caaaasssss,” Dean's broken sighs spill out when Cas’s talented mouth nibbles its way down Dean’s jaw and column of his throat. Shit, in all the time Dean has known his best friend he’s never seen Cas with a lover of any kind. Although knowing Cas is a Were now makes sense. Dean always just assumed Cas wasn’t interested in relationships or sex but the way he’s kneeing his way in between Dean’s legs, Dean’s made a grave mistake in his judgments.
breath then shoved his key into the lock and opened the door ushering duck one and two into Casa de Winchester. Flicking on the light, Dean exhaled in relief at the sight of a relatively clean apartment—thank fuck for an OCD, clean-freak little brother.
With his head spinning and the world crumbling, Dean let instinct take over. He pulled Cas to him crushing the other boy against his chest. All those plans for the future, hell plans for this senior year just gone. No longer would Dean be able to enjoy their late-night drives, their pillow conversations or see the back of that perpetually messy hair. Who the hell was going to listen to his random Led Zeppelin facts or be impressed by his growing collection of Vonnegut?
Dean went for the desk while he opted for the filing cabinet, both of them rifling through everything they could.
Opening the door, he came face to face with the man Dean had only seen in his oversized portrait; brown eyes so light they looked gold and hair that could easily rival Sam’s in a Suave Commercial competition, “OH!” the man exclaimed, the end of a lollipop dangling from one side of his mouth, “You must Dean-o!”
“I’ll tell you whatever you want to know!” Garth cried. “Just please don’t put me back in there, please!”
Dean leaned forward and cut him off, “I have no intentions of hurting Cas, but let me set things straight here. I’m thankful for your help but don’t think I haven’t seen the way you’ve been eyeing my brother.”
“I’m not freaking out, now am I?” Dean offers weakly, because yeah five years ago he probably would have freaked out as a teenager or called Cas crazy and swept the whole thing under the rug. Dean watches his best friend huff and starts walking off through the trees again.
pat on the shoulder and headed for the memory foam bed (sue him for being excited for the luxury his back was about to experience after sleeping on the fucking couch).
The end of summer was marked by Lisa’s “Summer Bash”. Taking one look inside the house at all the horny and drunk teenagers, anyone could see it was more a “Downright Disaster”. Dean managed to maneuver Cas through the throngs of teenagers to the living room. Cas offered to find them some beers if Dean would find their other friends or call next for the beer pong table. For a kid who never played sports Cas had an innate talent for sinking ping pong balls into red solo cups.
Henry rolls his eyes while drumming his fingers against the thick wood boardroom table, "We're already
Cas nods in return, resigning himself to spill his secret to his best friend, “You know how my parents were murdered? Well, they weren’t murdered in a robbery gone wrong, they were murdered by a rival pack and I only survived because they hid me in the basement and was lucky enough the firefighters found me after the pack set the house on fire.”
Leveling Chuck with a steady gaze, Dean takes off his sunglasses and plasters on his most charming smile, "Chuck, I'm so glad you asked. What you heard is no more than horse-shit. Winchester motors is better than ever. We got a key number of sponsors not just Good-Year. Ford. AC over in England. And you know, we just got an order for twenty Cobras from a company in Spain. So, I hope you stick that in your pipe and smoke it."
He follows the other suits back to the offices but instead of heading back to marketing he takes a deep breath and heads to the elevator.
Sam wants to strangle Crowley for he doesn't know when to take a beat. He doesn't know when to step back and think, No the idiot opens his mouth instead, "If you do not get permission from America or we do not agree on certain terms then yes. You do not go. That choice is no longer yours."
“Shit, not hundred percent sure son but we think it’s just regular ecstasy not cut in with whatever agent they were planning on using.”
“No, no I’m good,” Dean says in dismal, around a couple inhales and lingering laughs waving his hands. Feeling lighter, Dean hooks his thumbs in his boxers and pulls them down. Fuck why had that been so scary? Just to deflect any waning awkwardness Dean says, “I’m a grower, not a show-er,” as he hops onto the waxing table in the middle of the room.
Henry can't contain himself, "For every Ford driven off the lot in North America there are there two, COUNT EM, TWO CHEVROLETS!"
“You’re playing with your life! Why can’t you listen to me for two damn seconds?” Dean was exasperated. Déjà vu, he swore. Yeah, he was definitely experiencing déjà vu of their first meeting, standing toe-to-toe ready to throw fists right in the Captain’s office.
Stopping at the edge of the booth, Dean plastered on his most charming, panty-dropping smile. “Hey.” Smooth Winchester, real smooth. Red turned her head, squinting her eyes with obvious suspicion at the two men intruding on her space.
“WHAT!” Rage flared through the redhead voice’s, creating an opportunity as Abaddon straightened herself up aiming her weapon at Dean and completely underestimating the cunningness of the man right under her nose. As she swiveled to aim at Dean, she also released her hold on Cas; her biggest mistake because the moment Cas was free, he leaned forward and threw all his weight back headbutting the bitch right in the stomach allowing Dean to take a shot.
“It’s nice to meet you, Charlie,” his partner finally chimed in. “I’m Castiel, and despite his lack of obvious manners, Dean and I do intend on making your safety our top priority.”
With a signed warrant from the judge and Sam and Charlie heading towards the safe house, Dean tapped his fingers in time with radio along the steering of his Baby while pulling into the Roman Enterprises parking lot.
The following school days flowed more naturally—school, practice, homework, late-night cruising. Dean shoved the notion to apologize off a mental cliff, whatever was wrong was fine now so, no need to dig up buried graves.
The doors dinged open but not before Dean caught Cas huffing behind him as they exited the elevator. Scanning over the diagram posted on the wall outside the elevator, Dean beelined it to the right where the servers should be located. Entering the room, it was exactly how Charlie described—isolated with cardboard hamster cages surrounded by whirling and humming noises topped off with the occasional blinking light. A shiver ran down his spine; while Dean admired those, who managed to make the world turn because honestly, office workers did, he couldn’t picture himself behind a desk nestled in a cubicle somewhere.
Picking himself up off the ground and brushing the dirt off his jeans, Dean’s had enough life-on the-line scares tonight. He’s just going to head back to Baby forget this whole excursion ever happened and give Cas a piece of his fucking mind tomorrow when he sees him.
“Are you staying or going?” Sam smirked, “You know, I’ve made enough for a while now to afford this place by myself.”
Slinging an arm around his shoulders so they are still pressed close, Dean led them through the crowd heading to their hallway destination. “Act like I said something funny.” Dean leaned in, acting in a way Castiel has only seen when Dean has drowned three or four beers yet he immediately compiled, chuckling as to not raise suspicion as they break away from the horde.
With the car barely shut off, Dean ran inside the house. The phone resided on the kitchen wall. Dean searched its call log hoping, praying to see a number he didn’t recognize.
Dean closed his eyes bracing himself against the locker. He needed to think. He needed some air. Taking a deep breath in, Dean pulled himself together the best he could and walked straight towards the office.
Even from the sidelines Sam could see the vein pulsing in Henry's forehead as he continued his speech, "Getting it in the tail-pipe from a damn CHEVY IMPALA!"
But right now, it wasn’t about Dean. No, right now Dean needed to be there for his best friend whose big blue eyes were shining with fat, watery tears.
Staring at his 10, Jack offsuit in his hand, Dean knows he has a shot at winning this hand and the game
The offhanded misspoken comment earns Dean a rare smirk and shoot him because his heart flutters at the sight.
Dean’s heart stopped beating, he shifted to take in the rumpled man he was head over heels in love with; the same man who beat him to the punch on everything it seemed. Tomorrow would mean risking their lives again in the line of duty, collaring Miami’s worst. Tomorrow they would be Officer Winchester and Officer Novak—Feather and Freckles striking fear into the hearts of scumbags.
. Pressed completely front to back, Dean rested his head on Castiel’s shoulder; his neck beautifully elongated and his hips guiding Castiel’s into wide figure eights. Unable to tell which was beating faster the bass music or his heart, Castiel lost himself to the rhythm Dean set, letting his hands roam naturally over the contours of his partner’s gift from the God's body. As Dean raised a hand, he tangled his fingers into the soft strands at the back of Castiel’s head.
“Oh?” Color Castiel’s interest piqued. Climbing out of the Impala, he stared at Dean over the hood waiting for the rest of the story. It was rare enough for Dean to drive and even rarer for Dean to actually have a plan.
“Oh, for fucksakes.” Dean said exasperated, sounding more defeated than annoyed; his eyes shifting to the ceiling as if it held all the answers of the universe or perhaps praying for strength not to strangle Castiel right here.
defiance. The fingers around Dean’s biceps tightened like a snake coiling around its prey. Glassy eyes shattered, revealing the burning fire hidden underneath. A gulp followed a lick of his lips as if Dean could soothe the burn from flames flaring from Cas’s eyes with his tongue.
The school secretary raised an eyebrow at him. How could she not given Dean should be in class and he hadn’t exactly been called to the office for any reason.
“You’re paying for my therapy after this jerk,” Sam retorted, “By my estimates you have three minutes before they change guards again, put a wiggle in it. Charlie can only fake laugh her way through a conversation for so much time, guys.”
Dean pushes the car to 130 MPH, rushing blood fills his ears. He hears himself taking a ragged breath in as he expertly maneuvers the Aston to narrowly miss a car over the centerline. Thank fuck for muscle memory.
“Five years?” Dean states more than questions, “You’ve been keeping this from me for five years, what the hell Cas?”
Dean, you’ll always be my best friend but you’re also the first person I’ve ever liked, and I know it’s selfish of me to tell you this way. I promise to write to you after we get settled. I can only hope this knowledge hasn’t destroyed our friendship and you’ll write me back. I miss you already.—Cas—
He’s eerily calm for someone possibly walking into a serial killer’s wet dream. Dean can’t describe it, but
Dean yelps from the bite but is too far gone on cloud nine from the amazing orgasm to feel any pain. Cas holds him up while they both try to inhale some air.
Dean didn’t miss the frown Gabriel gave at Sam’s duffle, but it seemed rather odd. “Thanks for letting us use your pad as our temporary headquarters,” Dean said to Gabriel.
“So, get your head out yer ass and play nice with your new partner because I’m expecting you to find this devil and send his ass behind bars where he can rot in hell.”
With narrowed eyes, Cas reached into his suit and pulled out a business card. “We’ll be in touch.” Cas held up the card so Dick could pluck it from his fingers.
Dean double checks his bed, making sure all their costume pieces are set out and pops a bite-sized Kit-Kat into his mouth.
Oh, that smug asshole. Today was going to be the day Dean went to prison for murder. “Oh, you fucking did not...”
“Oh, fuck me,” Dean muttered, watching the assholes unhook the straps securing the vehicles in place.
smirk, then between blinks of an eye Cas had tackled Dean back into the mattress, well-tried to but they ended up more or less falling to the floor in a heap of laughs and limbs. As Cas landed on top of him with one his stupidly rare gorgeous toothy smiles, something small shifted in Dean’s chest.
“I’m not!” Castiel punctuated,  pinching the bridge of his nose; only Dean could give him a headache worse than a drug hangover could.
No one moves as everyone watches Ferrari leave the room. Without even glancing, Sam knows everyone is thinking the same thing--What the hell just happened?
Cas threw him a menacing side-eye, jolting the steering wheel to the left and throwing Dean into the passenger door. Dean cursed under his breath, berating himself for thinking seatbelts were for pussies. Watching the last available car on the trailer thrash and hurdled its way towards them, a string of explicit curse words passed between the partners.
Feeling the warmth of the wax again, Dean has decided to sew his mouth shut so more stupid would be allowed to leak out. Cas didn’t lie about this hurting less which to Dean is a relief.
“What happened to getting some sleep, you two?” Dean knew he sounded like a mother hen, but his team was rocking enough dark circles to be an underground goth band.
Hello! Welcome Back! This chapter is mostly filler to get all the pieces together to bring all our boys together.
“Alright this is your eyes in the sky.” Sam’s voice rang in his head as Castiel headed towards the bar to appear casual, shoving his way through the throng of people to the front of the bar. Hearing Sam's voice in his ear meant Sam had successfully yet nonchalantly parked the surveillance van outside, seemingly in place to the standard bystander. If this was going to work, Sam was going to have to keep a sharp eye on the cameras.Flagging down the bartender, Castiel scanned the crowd pinpointing both Dean and Charlie. Dean circled the dance floor throwing flirty smiles and Charlie sauntered to a small grouping of tables tossing her red locks over her bare shoulder.
A flush rose to Dean’s cheek, whether from slight embarrassment or slight rage he wasn’t sure, but he whirled around fast enough to make his head to make sure he had heard the other man right. “Freckles?”
With wide, yet trusting eyes and lips slightly parted, Dean nodded reading his intentions like an open book. Cupping both sides of his partner’s face, Castiel drew Dean in until their lips met. For all the hurriedness the situation demanded, the kiss was anything but rushed. Lips slid against each other while Dean slid down the wall allowing Castiel a better angle to better dominate the kiss. It felt like more than trust, it felt like every ounce of tension built between crumpled into brushing noses and consumed soft breaths. If he could, Castiel would bottle this moment, proudly display it on a shelf and let the world know he made Dean gasp when he sunk his teeth into his partner’s bottom lip.
. Shivering fully clothed still; forget what he said about not being able to live without Cas because Dean was going to strangle him right here, right fucking now.
Bouncing on her toes, Charlie looked ready to follow except as they started to leave. “Wait,” she said, grabbing the napkin that once held the silverware and scribbled something. “Okay, now we can go,” a somewhat shy smile graced the redhead’s face as she turned back to them.
nod, “But there’s so much more to Cas than his pretty face. It’s the way he snores and drools on my pillow, it’s his grumpy attitude when he solves a math problem or the characters in his books are being stupid by his standards, it’s his ridiculous smug smile when he wins at Mario-kart with toad of all things even though I’m pretty sure he cheats,” Dean takes a breath, releasing he could ramble on about his best friend for hours, days even, “I like the person I am with him. Cas makes me feel like I can be anything, do anything Sammy. I like him because he saw through all posturing cool-kid bullshit and wanted to be my friend anyway.”
, Dean reasoned with himself right up until his very traitor brain reminded him, he basically carried Cas into the apartment so undressing himself was probably out of the question at the moment.
Waiting until Dean sipped at his precious coffee, he said, “I called Captain Singer.” Dean hummed around his hot liquid in response, so Castiel continued: “We’ve been sidelined.”
“Get in with me, I won’t get in unless you do,” Cas said, with wide eyes and an innocence Dean didn’t know the other man possessed. As if to emphasize his point, Cas tugged lightly on Dean’s arms.
As the locker door swung open a folded-up piece of notebook paper fluttered to the ground settling in between Dean’s feet.
Shit. Rather than admit defeat Dean feigns innocence, “Really? Well I’m here you might as well look me over, right?” He puts his shirt in the chair next him where he usually piles his clothes during his appointments.
“The city general is so far up my ass about this, that if he spits it’s coming out my mouth,” the Captain said, clicking off the television and refocusing his anger at the dumbasses in front of him. “What the hell happened to the plan? Huh?”
Charlie trailed off as the screen went black before booting up with a screen containing a single bar in the center with the word password state above it.
“I get all tingly when you take control like that, Feathers,” Dean smirked, watching Cas roll his eyes while shoving his hands in his pockets.
Every inch of Dean is soaked and cold but warmth blooms from his chest. Heat rises up his neck and settles across his cheeks. They’ve been toying with this line of friends to something more for weeks now, neither one ballsy enough to cross it and spoil the friendship they had built.
“No Dean we don’t eat people,” Cas deadpans like Dean just asked what color the sky is. Dean fires questions at him as they trek through the forest hand in hand. With anyone else, Cas is a stoic, hard-to-read wall but with Dean, he’s regular chatty-Cathy answering his questions in kind. Squeezing Cas’s hand, Dean’s happy even after their—mating? (Dean still wrapping his mind around my new boyfriend is my mate thing)—Cas is still his best friend and more.
“These seem like innocent acquisitions with none of the companies having any connection besides their parent company, Roman Enterprises. Coincidentally, these subsidiaries seemed to be spawning their own subsidiaries and those spawning their own subsidiaries.”
Snapping on a fresh pair of black gloves after setting the glasses aside once again, Cas says, “Okay now the easy part. Can you flip over and get in a naughty kitty position for me?”
“Brace yourself.” Dean smiled, giving Baby a bit of gas before stomping on the brake pedal lurching the car to a screeching stop. Ah—brake check, made sense now as Castiel barely had time to catch himself by the time Dean was alternating between the gas and brakes again.
“Good to finally meet Cassie’s partner in the flesh though it’s hard to believe you are Samsquatch’s brother; you look nothing alike,” Gabriel commented around a smack of his sucker. “Speaking of Cassie, where is my favorite grump of a cousin?”
Both men moan as Cas bottoms out in one long thrust. Dean knows he’ll have bruises tomorrow by the way Cas is gripping his hips, but he doesn’t care. Cas waits a moment, letting Dean get used to his girth before he shallowly snaps his hips back and forth.
“Son, some of our own were in that journal. I don’t need a damn retribution war on my hands, so until we can weed out the rats, park your ass somewhere. That’s an order.”
“Alright, it’s time for you to leave,” the threat evident as Castiel dislodged himself from his partner to stare down the rather angry guard stalking towards them. He needed him a little bit closer.
Sam follows the line of suits, wearing a crisp black one of his own, as they file down from the corridor to the factory floor. A million intermixing sounds—the tracks of the assembly, workers welding, paint-sprayers, wrenches, soft curses—rings in Sam's ears. He'll never tire of it. While he gave up the hands-on side for the corporate side, he doesn't regret his decision.
Lisa, hands down the hottest girl in their senior class, found Dean before Cas did. She looked amazing in a fluttery summer dress showing off all of her curves and she was eyeing Dean like he was the steak being served on a buffet. Now this type of heat, Dean understood. He flashed her his infamous Winchester smile while she slid her arms up around his neck swaying her hips to the music thumping in the background.
Cas is a madman, and no one has the gall to question it. Dean, Kevin, Gabriel and everyone within ten feet stares with a mix of horror and amusement as Cas beats the shit out of the trunk lid.
7 hours according to the route Bobby helped him plan out, well more like 3 since Dean hopped on the road the moment he woke up—barely remembering to brush his damn teeth before he was all packed up and waving goodbye to his family—stood between Dean and destiny.
Cas sighs and tilts his chin up staring at the sky like he’s arguing with the universe and the universe is winning. He sags his shoulders and gives Dean his attention, “I had my first shift when I was sixteen.”
“Sam, keep an eye on her,” Cas said with a sharpness, eyes already shifting back to the guards circling the floor like a swarm of sharks around a school of fish.
"Yeah! Yeah!" Dean splashes his face with water before tossing on some clean boxers and jeans, "I'm coming!" He sniffs a shirt, good enough, and pulls it on. Before he heads out, he tosses back two pills and shoves a few in his pocket just in case.
With a laugh, Dean put the car in drive, “Ever heard of a brake-check Feathers?” When Castiel tilted his head, Dean laughed even harder recognizing the gesture as a sign of
Cas knee-walks in the foliage until his face is nibbling Dean’s right inner thigh; teeth nip their way up leaving soft bites in their wake until they are faced with Dean’s cock. Tongue replaces teeth as a wet stripe is licked from his balls to his slit, leaking pre-cum. Cas swirls his tongue around the head of Dean’s cock and fuck if it isn’t the best thing Dean’s ever felt and his knees are going rom-com movie weak.
"Coffee." Gabe says and heads for the house. All Cas can do is follow behind and watch Gabe through the mentions of making a pot of coffee and getting out their usual mugs.
Castiel closed his eyes with the hope that tomorrow with four sets of fresh eyes and a hunch on the invoice would be enough to crack this case wide open.
“I’ll take what I can get,” Dean said with a shrug Of course none of this was going to be easy. “I texted Bobby. If there’s anyone we can trust it’s Bobby, not like we can hide anything from him anyway.”
Dean dropped Sam off first, figuring he’ll swing back by to pick up some stuff after he dropped Charlie off and made sure she really was safe. “Have you thought about what you’re going to do now this is over?” Dean asked.
As if the last drips into the pot were a summoning sigil, Dean magically appeared disheveled and frowning. Grabbing two mugs, Castiel poured himself one then added in the right amount of sugar that Dean liked to the other before handing over the mug to him.
way. “Take your partner and go check on that little team of yours, I think all these ass clowns can handle it here.” Dean didn’t need to be told twice and as he started walking to the last place he saw Cas, Bobby called to his back, “And I expect to have a report on my desk!”
“Yeah, yeah, I owed my dear Cassie a favor.” Gabriel’s eyes slid to Sam, crunching the last bit of his lolly, “And I must say I owe him another.”
As soon as Cas sets his beer aside, he’s eyeing Dean with his full attention, “Anyways, one afternoon during the summer between our junior and senior year, Meg suggests we fool around.”
"I don't know," Dean couldn't fight the smile tugging on his lips, "I mean I did, then my poor finger was tongue assaulted."
As Dean stepped around Dick, he stopped a hair shy of the man’s ear leaning in and making sure his voice was laced with a threatening undertone, “I wouldn’t try leaving the country or doing anything stupid if I were you.”
“Yeah, yeah the next adventure awaits, and another bad guy is out there just waiting for us to catch ‘em.”
When, and he means fucking when he gets his hands on these fuckers, they better hope there isn’t a single misplaced hair on Cas’s head.
Their leads on the supped-up ecstasy on the streets had run dry and Dean swore one of his favorite snitches could provide them with some kind of new information.
“A cute riled up bird? That’s why you’ve been calling me feathers?” Cas asked, trying to piece the whole thing together from the snippets Dean was providing.
"Wha—" Is all Cas gets before Gabe is barreling past him and ripping the parchment from the door. Notice is written in big, angry red letters at the top. Cas scans the letter over Gabriel shoulder, the pit forming in his stomach sinking further with each word.
Fuck this. Reaching up tentatively, Dean blindly touched Cas’ back; the fevered skin was slightly chilled. Thank goodness because fuck this cold water. Peeking open his eyes and trying to jostle Cas too much, Dean trained his eyes on the wall and yanked the water from freezing his dick off to something more tolerable like the perfect spring day, not too hot but too cold. He could deal with lukewarm, not really wanting to take the chance that warm water would be counterproductive.
Rediscovering the strength in his legs, Castiel trotted towards the rear of the car. He didn’t register the silence until the noise of the trunk popping open captured his attention. Inching closer to inspect inside the trunk, he worried they killed the poor mechanic. Garth startled him, as he sprang from the trunk clutching the front of Dean’s shirt; face red and splotchy and shaking like an autumn leaf.
Dean tried to pick up his slack jaw, he really was going to have a talk with Cas about what information was considered important and leaving out impertinent facts, “So, you weren’t a porn star?”
Bouncing on heels, he knocked one more time; not really wanting to seem overeager or creepy. Still silence. Maybe the Novaks went out for dinner, or maybe Cas had made some friends and was hanging out with them. Maybe he didn’t think this whole surprise plan all the way through. He could camp out on the front porch steps, but then again someone might get suspicious. Sighing while giving the door the death glare, Dean decided on grabbing a bite to eat and coming back to try again.
The Porsche tested its red racing brake calipers as Cas hammered the brakes while latching himself onto Dean’s leg to yank him back inside the car. With two blown tires the trailer swung wildly from side to side for a few moments before the whole back end turned sideways and caught air.
smirk and Dean bent down pressing his lips to hers. Kissing the hottest girl in school was…was…weird and aggressive and not like anything Dean expected. And did she just full-on lick him like he was lollipop? Sure, he had kissed his fair share of girls before, but kissing Lisa felt different. Maybe he was out of practice since he spent the whole summer with Cas. Speaking of Cas, did the kid die trying to find them some beers? Dean could really, really use a beer right now.
“Charlie, if I may ask you to explain? This drive seems empty,” Cas said, pulling out his gentlemen act; Dean wanted to gag but settled on rolling his eyes at his partner. While Charlie probably appreciated being treated like a lady, she had a ‘hang with the boys’ air about her; Dean didn’t doubt the redhead, nerdy or not, could kick his ass.
He kept his step even, his breath-focused; ears and eyes adjusting minute to minute for any type of movement or sound.
More questions circled around in his head, he pulled Baby into the parking garage dedicated to the apartment complex at Cas’ loft. Knowing Cas, even this late into the evening he was probably doing the exact same thing Dean was doing—reviewing the case files and lining up questions for the Cuban dicks they were going to have to interrogate. Dude seemed to operate on less sleep than Dean’s typical four hours.
“Surprisingly yes, now I’m going to need you to breathe. In and out. There you go, just keep breathing,”
mom voice, but he doesn’t have time for shame, “CASTIEL MILTON!” Cas stops dead and turns at the full use of his name, something Dean’s
"USCA Road Champ in '61. Won the SCAA class 3 years in a row in the piece of shit car he built himself." Dean beams.
“Keep her steady, buddy,” Dean hollered, locking his legs against the seat and lining up his sights with the car transporter’s back tires. The first shot missed, hitting one of the miscellaneous Cubans in the leg. The second shot hit its mark followed by the third hitting the passenger side trailer tire.
Video clips of their high-speed Donkey-Kong styled chase flashed on the screen. Honestly, the videographer needed a raise because the splices of clips mended together were fantastic. Dean hated to admit it, but the video made the whole chase look as if it was cut from a Michael Bay movie; nothing but big explosions and gunfire.
Or so he thought. After adjusting both suit cuffs, he set off to find the rest of the team and begin this little mission. The highly eye-catching pineapple button-down and
Drugged Cas seemed to be even more stubborn than normal Cas, which spelled nothing but trouble for Dean.
“What can you tell us about Dick Roman?” Dean leaned forward; thankful Bobby was willing to put his neck out for them.
Peeking over his shoulder, Dean noticed the other boy was furrowing his brow at his open notebook while sprawled out on his bed.
“And she said she witnessed a murder.” Dean nodded, letting Sam put whatever pieces in his mind together. “And she asked for you personally?” Dean nodded again.
The ruffle of paper echoes as the silence of the factory floor is almost palpable. "Do you hear that?" Silence. "Remember that sound. It is the sound of the Ford Motor Company *out of business!*"
Dean nods, not trusting his words not to fuck up whatever Cas is internally trying to decide to disclose.
shit. Little kids had deeper sounding sneezes than his partner, so Dean really can’t be blamed for the damn shriek of laughter he let out or the belly-bellow laugh at Cas’s scowl.
Hello! I am so glad you read this story, and made it to the end. If you read the last line, there will probably be other smaller time stamps set in this universe in the future. Don't think I forgot about Charlie or Sam in this. This work took a massive amount of time, energy, and love. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for taking time out of your busy life to read this. And thank you to all who helped me accomplish this.
Being buried alive in concrete didn’t even begin to describe the heavy crushing sensation he felt. It was as if he was moving his body through quicksand, the more he tried to move the more he felt himself sinking; sinking into a blackhole oblivion. The feeling was a stark contrast to the blissful free-flying feeling he had been experiencing earlier. Maybe if he let himself sink, he’ll feel it again or at least feel free from this heaviness, though the heaviness is suffocating, it’s also quite warm. Perhaps he’ll let himself ink until nothing, but this warmth exists.
“But he brought me proof. From the outside, it looks like Roman Enterprises is using its investment yield to expand. They’d begun acquiring a range of several small businesses from a concrete company to a pharmaceutical lab.
Pulling back slowly, Dean held his eyes close a bit longer to soak in the moment. When he opened them, Cas was looking at him with reverence before his face melted into open face adoration, “Hello, Dean.”
Baby rumbled outside of Cas’ house five minutes until midnight, late enough no one would be stirring but plenty early to catch some Kansas stars. Cas slid into the passenger seat sinking into Baby’s leather like the space had been designed for him. Dean drove the familiar back roads choosing light topics of conversation while watching for his turn. Just off the country road on a path hidden to the untrained eye and nestled between a clearing in the trees, Dean parked Baby. The area, their hidden star gazing spot they had discovered on one of their many late-night adventures.
Gabe tosses a loose arm around his shoulders and pulls down him to tussle his hair. "You can't enjoy a moment can you? Heck you almost got us disqualified."
Sam had picked up on the second ring, “Dean,” his brother hissed in relief, “I had to call Bobby to get an update, how’s Cas doing?” Dean filled his brother about Cas inhaling some the ecstasy at the raid minus the whole pornographic shower show and the rocking his fucking word sex and how he should probably be hearing more from Bobby as arrest warrants were drawn up. Sam informed him his boss was in the journal and he honestly wasn’t even the littlest bit surprised, so he’s been temporarily forced promoted to District Attorney. The sheer magnitude of this case was bigger than Kevin and he ever imagined it would be. Sam also had some other interesting news—Castiel’s cousin Gabriel had come home from his overseas chocolate making trip and while Charlie found the man downright delightful, Sam found him overly obnoxious.
He compromised with the lady, his flannel for a bit of Miami flair. They put together a white and black ensemble—a black button-down with white pineapples underneath a modern fit cut, black silky suit jacket. And, he couldn’t believe they talked him into it, but white fucking slim cut dress pants and black shoes so shiny he could see himself in them.
“Damn Feathers,” Dean commented from the sidelines as he rifled through the unconscious man’s pockets finding a ring with a few keys inside the right pants pocket—bingo, or as Dean liked to say, Yahtzee.
When they come up for air, they’re both panting; chests heaving, lips kiss swollen, bodies pressed to close Dean can’t tell if it’s his heart beating like a jackhammer or Cas’s. Dean leans back in peppering kisses to his best friend’s nose, cheeks, lips. Jesus, Dean’s dreamed of this for years and reality has shattered his expectations in the best possible way.
Willow Springs Raceway, it's time for Cas to take the wheel if he doesn't get the team disqualified first.
Cas slides off him with a wet pop. The man is a sight to behold, a sight worthy of poems and lyrics with his starburst gaze and spit-slicked lips.
The saying about the weather in Kansas—if you don’t like the weather, wait five minutes and it will change—always seemed to ring true. Temperatures dropped drastically that night despite the unforgiving sun earlier in the day. Dean inched closer to the middle of the bed. He slept on the very edge of his pillow staring at Cas, who slept 99% of the time on his side with his face buried deep into one of Dean’s pillows, knowingly intruding on the no man’s gap (the gap which was considered acceptable to leave between two dudes sharing a single bed). Dean peered at his friend’s back counting his even breaths like Dean was counting sheep in multiples of 4 until somewhere between 78 and 84 his eyes fell heavy and sleep finally claimed him.
Sam tried studying a little Italian on the plane over, the words came out sloppy even to his ears, "Sonne quest..." Sam points at the man taking pictures, "Reporters?"
“Today’s your lucky day sunshine.” The captain tossed a manila folder in Dean’s lap as he rounded the large wooden desk. “You’re getting a partner.”
"Ferrari?! They make fewer cars per year than we make in a day, Winchester. We spend more on coffee than they do their entire output. And you want us to be more like them?" Crowley's tone is mocking and condescending.
After a few awkward seconds of hugging one-sidedly on Dean’s end, Cas seemed to melt into Dean, finally wrapping his arms around Dean’s back and pressing his face into Dean’s shoulder. Dean rested his head against the top of Cas’ when he felt a small shudder run through his best friend and heard a definite sniffle escape the other boy. Cas managed to physically express Dean’s inner destruction.
Cas deposits Dean on the wax table like he is nothing more than a stack of heavy folders. “Too many clothes,” Dean manages, pawing at Cas’ shirt. Cas captures his mouth again kissing Dean breathless before he steps back and hastily sheds his shirt and pants, tossing them aside without a second thought.
He cut the engine and slid out of the car just like he had done the other night; like he had done a hundred times over the summer. The warmth radiating off the grill felt nice as he leaned against it. Tilting his head back, his eyes fluttered closed letting the sun’s rays kiss his face; his mind peacefully blank as he just breathed in the nature around him.
“Does he want you guys to leave? I’m sure Cas wouldn’t mind you guys crashing here while things get sorted out and Charlie feels comfortable to go home again,” Dean suggested.
With all pawns off the board, the boss would be forced to come out of the shadows to make a move and Dean would be waiting.
I hope this letter finds you well. Colorado is beautiful. I haven’t done much sightseeing, but the mountains can be seen everywhere here and are breathtaking. School is school. It’s hard to walk the halls and not think you’ll be right there throwing your arm around my shoulders while laughing at the day’s events. I swear I can hear your crude comments in my head, every time a pretty girl walks by I get phantom pains in my ribs from where you’d be elbowing me or I can hear you yelling at the jocks telling them if they scored as big as their ego they’d be a better team. People probably think I’m crazy muttering and giggling to myself. I miss you, Dean. I’m sorry it took me so long to write this. Truthfully, I was afraid with my last letter if you found it, you’d never want to hear from me again and that I ruined our friendship yet the longer I waited the more I wanted, no needed to talk to you. Needed to hear your stupid voice argue with me over who was better Batman or Superman (Superman by a long-shot Dean). Call me a coward for writing rather than calling, but I don’t think my heart could handle the rejection. I’m not sure when I’ll write again, maybe after I get over this stupid crush although you are pretty unforgettable. I hope you don’t hate me more for this.
Somehow in the struggle, Dean coincidentally also ended up under the covers. And with Cas’s siren song soft snores, sleep seeped into every fiber of his muscles; his last coherent thought being Cas’s memory foam was like sleeping on a cloud trudged through his mind as he drifted off to sleep feeling safe and warm.
Missouri was the kind of school secretary every kid wanted to have—kind, somehow all-knowing, and always told it exactly the way it is, no sugar-coating. Her eyebrow turned into pursed lips and a
The moment the screen lit up everyone was instantly crowded together on the couch, straining to see the screen, personal space be damned. One hand the flash drive seemed harmless, nothing more than a cheaper throw away drive you’d find at any local grocery store or electronics store but on the other hand, Dean knew better now than to judge a book by its cover—his partner prime example numero uno.
Dean’s brain has been dot-hopping connecting them since the moment Sam began to explain himself, there’s a slim chance in hell the case Sam’s been putting together and the one he’s been investigating for months aren’t connected. This Roman Enterprises seemed to be a real fucking monster—smart, resourceful, and straight-up ballsy. But whoever was holding the reins to this monster fucked up, they didn’t just have one Winchester hunting them now they had two. And the Winchesters were in the business of hunting scum like this and killing Kevin declared open season on their asses.
Dean began picking up even more shifts once Cas landed a part-time position at the Gas N’ Sip. Being up under the hood of a car felt like a second home to Dean. The grease, dirty hands, and surprise strange noises were all old friends. The daily lunch delivered by his best friend was new but not unwelcome. He didn’t have the heart to tell Cas by the fourth day he was utterly over PB & J sandwiches. The kid looked so damn excited to drop them off. so he ate them, swearing to teach Cas how to cook. Or at least teach him a different sandwich recipe for the sake of his taste buds’ sanity.
Tomorrow all this would be a great, tease worthy memory and their solid partnership they’ve managed to build despite Dean’s bullheadedness wouldn’t suffer from Dean’s momentarily staring at his partner’s rather
“Boy, I said the U.S. government doesn’t work with hostiles, I never said we were going to leave one of our own in the hands of some damn criminal; we get him ourselves.”
“NO!” Dean pulled out his big brother voice, yelling over the top of both of them. Pointing at the busty woman on any other day Dean would be giving his brother a high-five for banging, he said, “You, get out. I’d say he’ll call you, but he won’t.”
Money made was money spent with Dean managing to sweet talk his secret supplier, Ash down at the Roadhouse, into buying cheap beer for him and Cas. Dean watched Cas’ Adam apple bob from sipping the cool beverage. Sweat rolled down his neck and Dean became mesmerized even when Cas would scrunch his nose in distaste afterward. Dude looked as if he stuck a whole lemon in his mouth. The twisted, sour-scrunched face always made Dean laugh to the point of tears. Dean took great joy in creating opportunities to make Cas look like the adorable dork he was.
best friend in history. Only after asking his tenth class did Charlie graciously inform him that Cas had hitched a ride and left.
“Yeah a slip of the tongue really, what I’m trying to say is—” Dean took a deep breath, flaying his heart open for the man he had nearly lost earlier today, “—I’m saying you were so damn adorable, you made me flustered enough to accidentally give you a dumbass nickname and Cas I’ve been lost on you ever since.”
The distance stung and Dean tried to be as understanding as he was patient. On top of the nasty distance, Cas turned into a grumpy asshole, his attitude a direct contributor to their first fight and thankfully only fight. After six weeks of curt answers and blatant avoidance, Dean cornered and pressed Cas about
Dean gave a two-finger salute in return and jogged off to find his partner. Sue him for being personally excited for a hot shower, some soft yet not so soft teasing on his partner, and a cold beer. Finding his partner was easy, Dean could spot Cas’s perpetual bad helmet hair anywhere.
Halloween holds an extra special place in his heart, not because he loves cheesy 80’s slasher films and monsters of every kind, but because Cas became his best friend on a Halloween night when they were six. He recalls the memory with a smile while digging through the already open bag of mixed bite-sized candy on his bed.
“Hello,” The man in tight dark blue scrubs says, checking the chart once more and holy shit they match his beautiful blue eyes, “Dean.”
If there was one thing Dean Winchester sucked at it was fucking apologies. Dean couldn’t find the right words, or the right time before school started to be like:
"Dean the car isn't within the rules," Kevin states, still standing his ground but looking thankful to talk someone semi-rational.
“And this woman will in fact testify she was sexually intimate with you?” Cas continued on his question roll.
“You drive,” Cas pointed, dismissing Dean as he pushed his damp strands off of his forehead while exiting the bedroom.
Instinctively he dropped his hostile and brought his other hand to steady his weapon pointed at the heart of the evil bitch.
“Yo,” Dean called out into the apartment, toeing his shoes off next to the door. Huh, he didn’t hear his partner’s voice or an answer; probably in the shower, Dean surmised. Except when Dean walked into the master bedroom, he didn’t hear the shower running. Going room by room, Cas was nowhere to be found. Really the asshole should have called if he was going to stay late at work, Dean thought, pulling out his cellphone and dialing his partner’s number.
Saturday Dean helped Cas pack boxes into the Cas’ family car. Mr. Shurley had to be in Colorado Monday morning for some immediate debriefing so the family was stuck packing what they could. The rest of the movers were going to pick up their remaining belongings and furniture later in the week. Dean lingered long after all the car was packed full, lingering until Naomi shooed him out of the house with a “Dean, sweetie. We have to be up early to make the drive. I’m sure Castiel will call you as soon as we get settled.”
“Dean, I don’t have time for this,” Cas writes him off, squatting down to rifle through the messenger bag to produce a pair of socks and tennis shoes.
Sam has to admit, Henry Ford could give crumble a brick wall with a single stare, "About me, Winchester. What did Ferrari say about me?"
“Fate decides?” Dean parrots, remembering the suspicious feeling leading him deeper into the woods. Was it fate?
Somewhere between their soft hushed whispers and obnoxious banter, Dean fell for him. Somewhere among the all-knowing smirks, confused head-tilts, annoying during the movie questions, and ridiculous bee facts their relationship shifted. In between their late-night drives and school day shenanigans, Dean handed over his heart to the boy with a weird-ass name.
Coming up for air, “Dean…” Castiel trailed off, the sight of just how beautiful Dean looking utterly wrecked, snatched the breath from his lungs. “You’re beautiful,” he said, the words rolling off his tongue like a prayer. Dean slowly blinked at him in return, opening and closing his mouth before his body flushed red from the middle of his chest to the tips of his ears.
“Spit it out Sammy,” Dean said, crossing his arms staring down at his brother in a sibling smackdown sort of way. “Now is not the time for your lawyer games, your friend, or CI or whatever the hell this kid was to you is dead, so spill and spill
“Come on Feathers, my brother drives his Prius better than you,” Dean goaded, knowing damn well his partner was the best defensive, hell even offensive, driver he’d ever had the pleasure of sitting shotgun with.
Ha. Dean flashes the good ole doc a smile. He floors it. Narrowly missing a station wagon pulling into the parking lot. Dean red lines each gear, watching the needle on the speedometer climb.
Enzo turns and the entire envoy follows on the man's heels. The office is hot, cramped, and Sam's ninety percent sure he's about to sweat through his suit if the brown wallpaper doesn't melt off the walls first.
What if Cas had changed his mind? What if Cas thought Dean was nuts driving all the way to Colorado?
This was why he didn’t wear suits. Dean felt ridiculous getting measured and standing on the little pedestal turning every which way for twenty minutes. Then he was shoved into a dressing room, trying not to vomit over the price tags on each piece they were having him try on. His partner better enjoy this because not only was Cas totally paying for it, but it would be the one time he would see Dean in a monkey suit, though as he looked himself over the mirror he had to admit he was a fucking catch.
Taking a step, Dean finds the air leaving his lungs and his body meeting the hard ground with a solid thud. Before Dean can even register the sudden pain shooting up his spine, his hands move instinctively to protect his face. The pressing weight has him pinned so completely when it growls Dean feels the beasts growling rumbling in his own chest.
Over the course of the week, Dean spent every night at Castiel’s working on their joint line memorization, thankful they were assigned minor character parts and even more thankful for the time that allowed Dean to get to really know Castiel. And getting to know him was like opening Pandora’s Box, Castiel was everything, yet nothing Dean was expecting—an utter paradox. Cas—a nickname Dean bestowed on him after their first study sleepover—teetered the line between shy and snarky, was completely oblivious to sarcasm despite his quick-witted dry humor; his scowl was worse than his bite. Dean often joked that the kid just suffered from perpetual resting bitch face which always earned him said stellar bitch face accompanied by an over-dramatic eye roll.
The thought of high tailing it the fuck out of here because he has use of legs again crosses Dean’s mind for a blink of an eye before he completely dismisses the notion. As he stands Dean is once again shell shocked by how big the creature is; coming up to nearly his hip by Dean’s estimate. A small shoulder bag is tied to the Were’s back Dean notices and as he begins to question,
Cas faces scrunches up like he’s sucked on a sour lemon, and ouch Dean’s ego is bruised by the reaction. But before Dean can comment or backtrack Cas pins him with a God smiting stare, “You don’t know what you’re asking for.”
Wet splotches blurred the printed lines on the notebook paper. A deep ache rattled his chest as hot wet tracks raced down his cheeks. Colorado didn’t just steal his best friend; it stole his everything—his sunshine, his cruising his buddy, his personal cheerleader, his Cas.
Dean’s seen enough horror movies to know not to be that guy that wanders into an unknown forest on a full moon, but his feet betray him and carry him forward. Using the flashlight on his phone, Dean zig-zags around trees and fallen branches the best he can as he maneuvers deeper into the woods.
Cas flashes him a smile as he clips the chin strap on his helmet, "New design!" He shouts over the hum of engines.
heard and he’s spent every minute with the guy since they’ve become partners. Dean shook his head and climbed in after Cas, tossing his helmet into the back seat ready to go back to their mini home base and get out of these heavy ass ballistic clothing.
Dean says thanks one more time before hitting the end button. He shoots Aaron a text saying he’ll be right there. Dean hastily finishes up in the bathroom before throwing on a pair of grey sweatpants and opening the front door.
Asshole had locked onto him and vehemently shaking his head no. Not wanting to get violent with his partner, Dean resorted to his only other option—pleading.
The smoothness, the stinging--it’s all utterly addicting. Addicting in a way perhaps a tattoo junkie would understand yet instead of needles it’s waxing strips and instead of ink Dean’s skin is the work of art, a living masterpiece.
“Dude, do you only own orange underwear?” The question slipped from his tongue before he could bite it back.
Worrying her bottom lip between her teeth, Charlie gave an honest answer casting a general unsure glance at the attending audience, “I don’t know. But if this was meant for you Sam, my best bet is you know the password.”
As the town’s Jack of all trades, Dean became acquainted rather quickly with the accountant from fixing leaky pipes at Cas’s office to helping Cas fix the starter on his Lincoln Continental aka the ugly ass pimple mobile, Cas called a car, though Dean only called it such in his mind because for some God awful reason Cas seemed to love the old girl. Fast acquaintances turned into even faster friends as if the universe would do anything to see them spend time together even…
Damn him. Damn Cas and his romantic words. Damn him for making Dean’s heart flutter then shattering it into a million pieces. Damn that self-deprecating moron. He’s not even giving Dean a chance. Tugging at the strands on the back of his neck, he felt his blood beginning to boil. This is not how their story was going to end. Dean was not about to be some crush Cas wrote off for not feeling the same way. Not only because he did but he wanted to smack his best friend upside his stupid head and then kiss his stupid chapped lips to show him exactly how Dean felt.
“Don’t even ask.” Dean held up his hand to silence his partner’s question, he did not have time to explain the Bond franchise at this moment, though, he could gush about Sean Connery for hours—not like he had a crush on him or anything when he was younger. Dean peered past his partner’s head-tilt up at Sam and saw Sam giving him an amused smile; fucker was probably thinking about his 007 poster he used to keep on his bedroom wall. Huh, guess he’s always had a thing for stoic, snarky dark-hair, blue-eyed badasses.
“Seems so,” Dean said, slamming back his whiskey; hoping the Jack would ease his fraying nerves. He hated flying; hated steel death traps—feet meant to be on the ground. And when his feet touched ground in Cuba, he was bringing hellfire with him.
“Yes,” Dean breathes out, leaning into Cas’ space bewitched by the man before him. They’re all but brushing against each, leaning so close Dean can almost taste the air Cas is breathing.
“I’d say he better treat you right or I’d break his legs, it’s my job as a big brother to protect you,” he waited only a beat, “Do you like a boy?”
Falling back on his training, Castiel gave them five minutes to search before they needed to vacate the premises.
Walking into the living room, the three stooges were already divulged into conversation introductions between them seemingly over with. “My apologies Sam,” Cas spoke, his eyes staring hard at Sam’s face and not his brother’s naked form.
“Yes, we are,” Castiel stated firmly with no room for argument. His feet moved on their own accord, bringing him within inches of his partner. “I owe you an apology.” His throat felt as dry as Dean’s expression.
Shifting his weight forward, Castiel readjusted himself so he could better grab the back of Dean’s thighs. Hauling his precious cargo to the bedroom, Castiel deposited Dean on the bed; taking deep satisfaction in the fact not only was Dean in his bed once again but also in the fact, Dean looked so damn hot bouncing up and down on the mattress.
Dean digs around his candy bag until he finds another Kit-Kat and this time bites the crunchy wafer candy in half. He wanders from his bedroom to his living room, munching his chocolate. His apartment is only a couple of blocks from campus and a short drive to the party venue.
“Is hot,” his partner replied in a long drawn out whiney voice while un-velcroing his vest and tossing it in the back seat. So, was Dean supposed to take “is hot” as an answer as to why he had his own personal strip show in his car now?
Cas makes light conversation while Dean is toeing his shoes off, “So, Dean what do you do for work?”
“Are you still going to wear your pretty costume for me?” Cas says in a husky voice that should be illegal.
A different type of sound, a deep whine, overtakes him when Cas begins mouthing at the head of his dick through his panties. Dean’s impossibly hard with desire, while watching Cast completely wet the lace with his devilish tongue.
Rolling it on was the easy part, listening to Dean whine about how long it was taking made him want to gag the other man. But instead, Castiel poured a copious amount of sex goodness on his cock and lined himself up with the prepped hole. With the mountain of lube easing the way, both men groaned as the head popped past the initial ring of muscles.
The conversation carried on until they stepped in the diner. It was better to appear more natural as to not spook the witness, so he kept talking to make it seem they were just two dudes getting a late-night bite to eat. Dean casually scanned the diner occupants. He didn’t need to be a police officer to know the redhead bouncing her leg and clutching her backpack tightly to her chest was more than likely their witness. Making eye contact with his partner, Dean titled his head in the direction of the back corner booth. Cas nodded and followed Dean’s lead as he walked towards the young woman.
“What did I say about that mouth, huh?” he whispered into Dean’s ear before wrapping his fingers around the boxer clad shaft and stroking in earnest. Dean whimpered and the sound broke Castiel’s resolve; he had planned on taking his time, and now all he could think was how he needed Dean now.
Tears spilled as her choked sob interrupted her story. Dean had to give credit where credit was due, Charlie was a tough cookie managing to hold her cool together until now. Sam stroked a reassuring hand up and down her back, his face just as broken despite his façade. Charlie’s next few words were the most important: two men carrying pistols gunned down Kevin after he had valiantly stood up to them, his mocking a small victory. He gave his life to protect her and the flash drive, she hiccupped as she told them it was the first time she'd seen someone fire a gun let alone shoot someone. Her voice crumpled the way Kevin did in her description as she retold the next few moments: Kevin going down, her flight or fight instincts kicking in, her hasty escape, the Russian or German accents. Dean nodded, catching Cas taking notes out of his peripheral—nerd—and any other time Dean would be giving him shit about it but now was not the time.
Dean stayed. Stayed seated in Baby long past the Shurley’s station wagon tail lights had pulled away from the curb. He stayed until his bodily functions demanded attention. The entirety of Sunday passed in a blur. Dean couldn’t tell you if he ate, talked, or even blinked until reality assaulted him as he face-planted into his memory foam.
But Einstein was no quitter, much to his own detriment. His attempt at an uppercut was curtailed by Cas blocking his fist with his right, then his left releasing Einstein's first offending appendage so he could place his open palm in the center of Dean's broad chest. With lightning speed, Cas pushed him out of the path of Einstein's dim-witted flailing so as to avoid any crossfire. Once Dean was clear of the roundhouse radius, Cas's left hand then fluidly darted across himself to block the uppercut the shocked guard had been shooting for but failed to execute. Cas took the guard's momentum, pulled his fist out in front of him, then did what the guy least expected. Still holding his hand, he twirled into him like a famed dance move, closing the distance between them. Once safely tucked into the guard's left side he slithered his arm under his armpit and bent down to lower his center of gravity while kicking backward, sweeping the guy's knees out from under him.
Hell, they spent every waking hour together during the summer living together in the future would be no different he reasoned. Dean snatched his other pillow Cas had slept on the previous weekend and curled himself around it. The thought of making Cas' wish a dream come true gave Dean enough sanity to fall into a deep sleep.
“Hello, hello.” The accent carried as his partner pulled open the black framed glass door allowing him and Charlie to enter. Cas followed behind, but once the man caught sight of him, he parted Charlie and Dean like the red sea, “Castiel, always a pleasure. I see you brought friends.”
Sam bites his lip, he doesn't know the guy but he can say the poor fellow looks paler than a white sheet, "In 1962 for—for—every—Ford dr—driven off the lots—"
Yeah, Dean knew Cas totally let him win at rock-paper-scissors. Fucker threw the game without a thought of hesitation; dude hasn’t even looked at him since they left the club.
“Oh,” Dean laughed, “Oh, you got me! What do you say we settle this like men, huh!?” Dean grabbed a handful of comics before striding over to the bed, picking up the textbook and depositing it on the floor. Castiel sat up, making room for Dean and they spent the rest of the study session proving who through various volumes was the better superhero.
. And probably had longer than he stated in his letter. Dean recounted the whole summer trying to pinpoint more clues he had written off—the closing gap on the bed, the fond smiles he’d give Dean as he cave-manned his way through a cheeseburger, the lingering staring contests. Piecing together the clues though, Dean realized he was a willing participant if not sometimes the instigator, always pushing for more under the disguise of friendly best friend play. He chewed his bottom lip as he chewed over his actions during the summer. What the hell was wrong with him?
Taking a folder out of his boot, Dean flicked open the knife and set to cutting Cas free from his restraints; smiling “I’m going to kick your ass for giving a scare like that, you asshole.”
Dean’s challenging tone made Castiel want to push the limits of his gag reflex—his surprising nonexistence gag reflex. He bobbed up and down before coming all the way up, only to sink back down achingly slow; enjoying Dean quaking underneath him.
“She said her friend Kevin—” Dean managed to get out before Sam was shouldering past him and bounding into the living room. “Put some clothes!” Dean called out after his brother’s retreating form. Fuck. Dean threw his hands up. And the police department called him dramatic. Swiping a t-shirt and pair of gym shorts off the floor, Dean chased after the giant.
“Oh no, I was a fabulous porn star!” Gabe smiled, “I just found the other side of the business more lucrative, and being in such an industry has garnered me—” Gabe twirled his fingers in the air, trying to piece together a sentence in a particular way, “—Special friendships. People’s love for sex pays in more ways than just money.” Gabe leaned forward, his usual teasing demeanor gone, “Cassie, is my favorite cousin, gave me home when I hit rock bottom. I owe him and Dean.” Gabriel’s eye narrowed into dagger points, “I know all about his feelings for you if you hurt him in any way—”
