“Yeah, I know, molecules. But it’s pie!” Dean still was far too chipper compared to his usual early morning routine. His eyes were gleaming and a wide grin was spreading across his face.
“That’s bullshit, Cas. You might not sleep but, at least, you can make yourself comfortable over here.” Dean tapped the comforter on his right. “There’s still enough space for the both of us. It no memory foam for sure but it’s surprisingly comfy. You should try it.” His friend wiggled his eyebrows, smiling impishly.
Inch for inch, Dean tried to get some distance between their lower bodies when Cas suddenly shifted and created some breath-taking friction. Dean gasped at the sudden, yet welcomed contact.
Sitting with his back to the cold wall of the dungeon and his head in his hands, tears still running down his face, he couldn’t escape the soundtrack in his mind that was playing on repeat. He didn’t want to. After all, it was all he had left of Cas.
Dean silenced his thoughts by attacking his lips. His body pressed into his and for a moment all of Castiel’s plans of rest were forgotten. Skilled hands made him shed his trench coat, and soon they fidgeted with the buttons of his shirt, slowly opening them. Dean’s mouth wandered over his jaw, and down to his neck, kissing, sucking, and teasing him with tender bites. Castiel relented for now, memorising every move for later use. How could this feel so good? He never wanted it to end.
This was it. This was exactly what Castiel had always feared, only never imagined this way. They couldn’t just go back to where they had been all those years, though neither of them seemed to know how to move on.
“Hello, Claire.” Castiel still felt guilt rising inside him every time he encountered Jimmy Novak’s daughter. She had become such a strong woman and fine hunter, though he was always worrying about her well-being. After all, it was his fault that she had lost both her father and her mother. He had destroyed her childhood.
“No Dean, it was you.” Jack’s words caused Castiel’s head to swirl. Dean had saved him? Dean was responsible for him being here?
“Eww!” Sam dramatically performed a retching reflex. “Wrong guy,” his stupid brother eventually managed to stutter.
And right in the centre of it all, the man that had brought him here. There he was: his mission. The single reason half the battalions of Heaven had laid siege on Hell for years in this plane of existence. For a short moment, Castiel just watched him at work, fascinated against his will. Bent over a workbench where another doomed soul was bound, he was extremely skilful, every cut precise, his handiwork done masterfully. It was atrocious, yet nothing he hadn’t expected, nothing he hadn’t been confronted with since the moment he came into existence. And still, there was something he had never encountered before, something captivating. For the first time in centuries, maybe forever, Castiel was enthralled.
Castiel understood the logic behind Sam’s reasoning. Nonetheless, he felt a loss he couldn’t explain. Walking across the market with Dean and seeing his friend light up with childlike wonder every time he would spy something he liked, were precious moments Castiel wanted to share with him. Now, he wouldn’t get the chance. He felt bereft and would have happily listened to Dean’s complaints if it meant his friend was with them.
“Don’t you dare!” Tears were flooding down Dean’s face while the hunter tried to wriggle out of Castiel’s arms.
“And you’re okay with that?” Dean looked up and stared into his eyes. Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand, trying to reassure his boyfriend.
“Let me take care of that. Come.” Pulling Dean up to his feet, Castiel turned to Jack. “Will you help?” It actually was the first time since the proposal that any of them acknowledged the presence of the others. Their faces showed a mixture of awe and shock. He couldn’t blame them.
“Shh.” Castiel soothingly held his shaking friend, his right hand drawing circles on Dean’s back while he allowed the fingers of his left to gently touch and caress the short hair on Dean’s neck. Slowly, Dean relented, his frantic breaths evening out, and he rested his head in the nook of Castiel’s neck. Despite their current situation Castiel couldn’t help but savour their closeness and memorise every single aspect of this moment. Perhaps this would be the only time Dean ever let his guard fully down. Inhaling deeply, Castiel resisted the urge to plant a kiss on his best friend’s head.
The sound of Baby running freely on the road had been calming enough to keep Dean in the realm of his dream moments longer than usual. Yet when everything came rushing back to his mind, it crushed him like a freight train. Dean’s body already felt like it.
Carefully, Castiel approached the car and opened the passenger door. For a moment, he watched his sleeping friend, dreading the moment Dean would wake up. Dean was, after all, an angry sleeper. Despite his better knowledge, Castiel crouched down in the open door and touched Dean on his shoulder. “Dean,” he said, softly, “wake up.”
Castiel grabbed onto the lifeless body of the man who had changed his whole existence, cradling him in his arms, and, for the first time in his long life, cried.
“But”–Dean raised a finger, only to immediately form it into the gesture of a shooting gun, a grin on his face–“don’t let Sammy talk you into stuff. The garden’s yours. Capiche?”
For a moment, Dean kept his gaze, before he shied away and covered his face with both his hands, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes. “I ...
Sam had gotten hold of the phone before he could answer. “Dean! Do you know Castiel? He’s nice. He has a big coat and he touched my head and his eyes glowed blue and suddenly –
After the events in Dodge City, and Jack’s almost disappearance in the aftermath, Sam understood his brother’s decision to stay with the kid in the bunker instead of accompanying him on a hunt. Some obvious hints about malicious witch activity in Finney County, Kansas had turned up during his research, and Sam wanted to investigate further. He might have assumed that Dean would take any opportunity to leave the bunker and spend time with Cas, while benching
“Are you okay?” It was a question Castiel already knew the answer to, but he needed to know nonetheless.
He heard the little, yet fast, steps only moments before the four-year-old, at least in his best guess, crashed into him and tackled his leg, a big smile on his now far too small little brother’s face looking up at him.
Soon, they arrived on the site, and, after Sam had parked the Impala, Castiel followed the younger Winchester outside. Dean didn’t stir, neither when the car stopped nor when the doors fell shut.
With a sudden movement, Cas rolled them over, his wings appearing behind him. The starlight reflected off them, and the Milky Way was framing Cas while the sounds of the ocean lapping on the shore and the wind rustling in the trees enhanced the magic of the moment.
“Come in and stop hiding. You’re lucky I’m in a good mood.” Dean could feel Cas caressing his hand calmingly. “What the hell were you thinking? Leaving the bunker? Jeez, we trusted you with the kids.”
Silently, Dean took Cas’ hand in his and opened the door, inviting his angel in. Inside, Cas gave the door a kick with his heel, closing it with a loud thump. Standing there and staring at each other, Dean was dumbstruck. All those years he had pictured this moment, fighting it and shutting it down as soon as it appeared in his mind. Now that he was finally allowed to embrace it, allowed to look without fear of being discovered, his heart raced and he felt completely overwhelmed, unable to move a limb.
...” Dean grimaced at the reminder of his failings. “Heck, when I left him on his own to go hunting with Dad. Okay? He adores you.”
Dean lost all ability of clear thought when his mind went blank and his body reacted accordingly. His blood rushed downwards, his heart and breathing accelerated, and his knees threatened to become jelly.
A well-known trench coat came into his line of sight, though their usual seats were swapped. Cas was driving! Cas was driving Baby, for hell’s sake! Despite the pain – Dean had had far worse, anyway – he quickly sat up and stared at the angel.
“What else should I be talking about?” Dean deflected, but the blush on his face was priceless and Castiel’s heart skipped a beat. Hope was burning in his chest and, at once, Castiel tried to extinguish the traitorous flames. He would not be carried away. There was no chance that Dean was feeling the same. He was his friend, his best friend. That was all. All he would ever get and it had to be enough.
Sam’s eyes roamed over them, taking in their state. Slowly, understanding dawned on his face and he gaped. “You’re douchebags,” he scolded them. “Leaving me on the market like that without a word, just to … to ...” He stammered.
And that was the truth. Hell, Cas was the only one apart from Sam he wanted to trust with all his being – body and soul. The moron had literally gone to hell and back for him. And for Sam. That’s why his stupid-ass decisions had stung so fucking much. Every. Fucking. Time.
“Cas, there’s one thing I don’t understand. Why would anyone turn a grandma into a toddler? It doesn’t make any sense.” They were still driving along one of those seemingly never ending back-country roads.
“So I’ll fly Sam to the bunker, immediately return to you, and we can drive all the way home together.”
“A gift? For me?” The concept of gifts being given to him was still very new to Castiel. Why would anyone consider giving him anything? Why would Dean want him to give him a windmill he had obviously built himself?
Dean lifted his head and stared at him unbelievingly, gaping, his mouth moving but unable to form any words.
“I have my share of experience. I’ve been around for a while.” Castiel let his fingers brush through Dean’s hair, hoping the touch would help the human.
Deciding to get into the action, Castiel brushed Dean’s hands away. Before his friend was able to complain, he took hold of the button border of the open hanging flannel and stripped it off Dean’s shoulders. Gripping the hem of the underlying T-shirt, he looked at Dean, asking silently for permission. This still felt too unreal. Passion was suddenly giving way to years of anxiety and doubts. Was this really happening?
Although Claire didn’t know if the cuffs would work on the witch she was quite confident, especially since she now was making it clear that she was aiming a gun at her target; a gun that was still carefully hidden in Claire’s jacket pocket from the outside world. If not more, at least the cuffs had worked as a distraction. With a sigh the witch sat back and surrendered for now.
Pulling his hand back in an abrupt motion, Dean glared at Cas and then at his brother. “With all of you!”
It seemed that Dean hadn’t heard him opening the screeching door that definitely needed some oil. Dean was too absorbed in his work, and Castiel couldn’t help but stop in his tracks for a minute just to watch his friend. Dean’s flannel was thrown over Baby’s hood and a black t-shirt was hanging from a bar on the wall. Castiel wondered when had been the last time he had seen Dean only clad in an undershirt. However, he abandoned the endeavour in order to have his full attention turned to the man he had secretly loved for such a long time. The undershirt had untangled itself from Dean’s jeans, revealing a patch of skin on Dean’s back right over the waistband.
Dean just stood there in the middle of his room for a moment to embrace this weird feeling of closeness before he put his brother down on his bed and covered him with the blanket Sammy had brought with him.
Eventually, Cas spoke, “Claire is tracking the witch. She’s heading east. As soon as there’s any news Claire promised to call. Since you are hurt ...” Dean turned to Cas and glared at him. “Since you are hurt,” Cas repeated as if Dean hadn’t heart him the first time, “and in no condition to hunt ...”
The lights above the table started to flicker and there were sparks erupting from the power outlets.
When Dean returned to his room he found Cas sitting on his bed with a steaming cup of coffee in his hands and another waiting for Dean on his nightstand. Dean reached for the cup and settled down next to his angel, resting his head on Cas’ shoulder. “If I hadn’t already spilled that I love you, now would be a fitting moment to do so.”
“Not so fast, Sabrina. We still have some unfinished business regarding some mutual acquaintances. They’re friends of mine, and you messed with them. So, you got any last words?”
“Jack! Jack!” Dean hollered, “Damn it, kid! Rain or not, show your stupid ass down here. ASAP! You being the new God? Doesn’t that mean you can do anything you want? So, break your own rules and show yourself. Hell, I thought we were family. You can visit family once in a while,” Dean shouted in his burning need for answers.
For the second time today, Dean happily welcomed the sleep that stopped his spiralling track of thoughts and let him slip into dream world.
But, far too soon for Castiel’s liking, Dean turned off the welding torch he was wielding and looked up from his work. When his friend spotted him, a smile appeared on his face, only to be immediately replaced by a scowl. “Cas? Whatcha doing there? You watching me? Hell, that’s creepy.”
“Like them? Hell, yes! Look at you. You’re a freaking rainbow. They’re beautiful. I love them.” Dean’s right hand cupped his jaw, brushing away residual tears with his thumb. “I love you.”
about Cas? I barely haven’t seen the guy since he returned. He’s like stardust, unable to grasp. Hell, I won’t chase a shooting star.”
When Dean was pushing his pelvis forward, creating a breathtaking friction, it was Castiel who took a step back. Dean looked at him questioningly – Was that hurt on his face? Fear? Castiel didn’t ask. He opened the back door, asking Dean silently to climb onto the backseat, before he followed. Soon he was on his knees, straddling Dean who was half sitting, half lying in the crammed space of the bench.
“Listen to me, Dean.” The angel stared at him like this was the most important thing he had ever said. “You’re not broken now, and you never were. Despite all your ordeals and hardship your soul remained intact. It still shines brighter than anything I ever experienced. You’re beautiful. You changed me, Dean. Everything you have ever done, you have done for love.”
“So you still haven’t told him,” Donna stated. There was no need to even ask the question with the pigheaded idiot the older Winchester usually was when it came to his emotions.
But when Eileen finally arrived at the bunker’s doorstep, flinging herself in his brother’s broad arms, the smile on Sammy’s face said it all. He was happy for them, that at least their story seemed to go into the right direction. After all the shit that had happened to them, Sammy deserved everything he wished for, whether it was an apple pie life with a white picket fence or whatever else he wanted to do with his life. It would be Sammy’s choice, now that they finally were free to live.
Trying to compose himself, Dean got up, stepping a foot backwards to brush the dirt from his aching knees. He definitely was too old for this shit.
“Thanks? I guess.” Dean bestowed a broad smile on Castiel, before he frowned at the phone. “Wait! What? You knew?”
For a moment, there had been a tiny spark of hope. Only to be crushed like an ant under the foot of a giant. Lucifer, the cockroach, had done what he had always done best. He had used others’ emotional weaknesses and hopes and had exploited them for his own gain. Of course, the fucker had chosen him. Although he hadn’t told anyone of Cas’ last words, somehow angels and demons had always known. They had taunted and teased him, them, as long as he could remember. No wonder that bastard had targeted him now. It was a low blow but right now he didn’t expect anything less.
“I love you so fucking much, angel,” he mumbled through kisses before his lips wandered lower, brushing Cas’ jaw, and nibbling at his neck.
He gulped. Cas was practically naked. No coat, no suit, no shirt. All that remained separating his hand from bare skin was an undershirt. Dean’s heart raced. This was better than any dream he ever had, better than anything he had ever wished for. He would fight anyone who tried to deny it, this was Heaven. Far better than the shithole up there.
Now it was Dean’s turn to be utterly staggered. How could he? All those years? Cas never knew? How? With a vicious motion he tackled his angel, cupping his face, rolling them over, pressing hot and desperate kisses on his lips, his cheeks, his eyes, behind his ears, down his neck. Everywhere he could reach.
But, at the same time, Dean’s thumb brushed over the back of Castiel’s hand. It gave Castiel hope. Taking a deep breath, he said, “I love you, too, Dean.”
“Wait,” Castiel said nonetheless, stopping them in their tracks, “let me take care of this.” Turning around, he laid his hand in the fire, sending a burst of his grace through it. Immediately, spurts of flames erupted, and within seconds, the whole pile had been turned to nothing but cold ashes. “That should suffice.”
“I don’t blame you, Dean. And you shouldn’t blame yourself. I’m fine. I just feel a bit exhausted after the drive and would prefer to lie down a bit.”
“I think I understand. These authors don’t want to tell facts. They use their imagination to tell stories which don’t need to be true.”
His brother immediately ran towards Cas, grabbing for the angel’s hand, and dragged him to the door.
Castiel was yanked down towards Dean who had gripped both of his shoulders and crushed their mouths together. Moving and wiggling beneath him, Dean was searching for the best position to align their leaking erections. Both gasped in unison the moment he was successful.
“No,” Dean stated, yanking his shirt from his left shoulder to show the remaining fine lines of what once had been a burning read handprint. “You’re wrong. I was his and he was mine long before he accepted the deal with you. He chose me. It was you who stole him from me.”
Cas walks over to them and retrieves the colourful bunch of flower, making his way around the counter so he's standing in front of the Omega as he presents them to Dean, “These are actually yours. I didn't want to come empty-handed when I saw you last night, but they wouldn't let me backstage so I could give them to you beforehand. I was waiting until after the event, but as you know...”
He said this while shifting about uncomfortably, lifting his legs up onto the bench so he could wrap his arms around his knees once again, looking back at the view spread out before him, and Castiel's own gaze shifted, noting that the sun had started to make its slow ascension into the sky.
But that wasn't even the worst of it, oh no. What made the Omega question every decision he ever made that led to this moment right here, was the fact that attached to the outfit were pieces of material that was supposed to replicate two large fried eggs and to complete the entire thing, they had placed him in a head-piece that was shaped like one large, thick breakfast sausage, the damn thing even jiggled from side to side every time he moved his head with a goofy stretch of black elastic attached that sat just under his chin. The only remotely good thing about what he was wearing were probably the purple stockings and black leather work boots that finished the whole thing off, but even that was a tentative compliment.
Swallowing around his suddenly dried out mouth, Dean couldn’t help but try and comfort Cas in some way, even if the words that came out were probably the most generic thing to say at that moment, “I’m sorry that happened to you Cas,” and his stupid, stupid, brain actually tried to give Cas some type of reassurance, even though the words leaving his mouth felt wrong and meaningless, “M-maybe she meant to come back and couldn’t find you or maybe she was going through something and just thought you’d be better off without her,” Dean knew that last part was more of a projection, a suggestion borne from his own need to try and understand his own mom’s actions as he got older. It was the one explanation he always clung to, wishing and praying it was why she decided to leave him behind when she wrapped that rope around her neck and tied to her bedroom’s ceiling fan.
So onto phase two! Hope you enjoyed Sam's POV, don't expect much chapters like this, as I'll stick to mainly Cas and Dean from here on out, but I just thought it's a good time to bring his character more into the fic, since, although he's not vital right now, he's a key player in Dean's character growth later on you could say, and I didn't want his appearance to be too random. Hope this little snippet into his life helped flesh him out a bit. And besides, I needed a break from those two, they were too sugary sweet at the end there! XD
posturing stances Alphas do when in the company of unfamiliar Alphas, an inherent and instinctual way to let the other know their dominant rank and status. While it was true that some forms of posturing could turn violent to the degree of being dangerous, it happened less frequently than people were led to believe, and those mainly happened in instances where Alphas felt threatened or were instigated or, in some rare cases where their Alpha brain activity was more pronounced and at the forefront of what was considered their normal everyday behaviour and actions than most.
But oh, fuck, did it feel good. The stretch and burn and absolute pleasure travelling out through his body, Cas’s weight draping over him as he kept one knee pressed down on the sheets between Dean’s own, whilst he planted the foot of the other just beside Dean’s hip, giving the older man a lot more leverage as he grabbed a hold of the singer’s hips, ready to pound right into him the second the singer gave the go-ahead.
now can I? But, I'm pretty sure you get my point. The sooner you get it over with, the better. And just imagine the goodbye sex! Or better yet, the welcome home sex!”
Dean was getting pretty hungry, so he steered them to the single restaurant connected to the arcade that had been teeming with employees earlier but seemed to get emptier as the night wore on. It was the standard burger and fries type of joint, the deck out back over-looking the dark waters of the ocean being the only thing making it a step above a dive bar.
After meeting Jo and her family, things started to become a little more bearable. But that crushing feeling of missing his brother, and even his dad sometimes, was something he didn't think would ever go away, not really. It was in fact, what led him to keeping track of Sammy through the years, and moving out here to California so he could have the illusion of being closer to him, even if he didn't know it, and what keeps him saying "yes" to John every time he phones his son to wire him some cash, without complaint, now to the point where John just expected to see a nice sum in his bank account at the end of every month, no phone call needed.
“Just, start at the beginning,” Dean advised, sitting patiently as he waited for Cas to muddle through his thoughts and emotions and memories until he was ready to share.
“Yeah, Gabe I know. I didn't exactly want to spring it on him, like 'hey, I know we just started dating and all, but turns out, I already gotta leave for a few weeks'.”
His next words get cut off by the sudden rambling sound of his brother's voice as he speaks in quick succession, seemingly talking to himself rather than Sam as he says, “Oh, no it's cool. Yeah, of course you're busy, it was stupid of me to call anyway, it was a bad idea, I don't know what I was thinking."
And the Beta did know, he’d grown up around Naomi’s influence too, had seen the way she and her little army had tried denying the existence of Alpha’s and their inherent instincts, had twisted their physiology into something ugly and cruel and he had seen how her charisma had drawn people in.
“H-hey, Sammy,” Dean responds, voice wavering from the nerves, causing him to clear his throat from the sudden lump, before he tags on, “It's Dean.”
It starts out frantic, and stays that way, the Alpha devouring the Omega's mouth, teeth nipping at his lips to get him to open up before he can make his exploration, tracing every inch of the warm heat as he relearns the contours and taste of the Omega all over again. His hands travelling down to Dean's thighs as he spreads them wider and leans his weight just a little bit more onto the Omega, forcing him to lean all the more back so he's resting the middle of his back on the edge of the counter-top.
It was the perfect recipe for Dean’s blabbering mouth to take the opportunity to word vomit all over the silence in the room, trying to explain, “I mean, I said it wasn’t nothing special, so there ya go. That’s an all-access ID card, had it made for ya, so security won’t be giving you any hassles anymore since I know they’ve been assholes to ya this whole trip. I tried getting your name on their lists a few times, but John’s in charge of that so they wouldn’t do it long-term. But this way, you won’t even have to ask for permission, it has your name and picture on an’ everything.”
Dean can feel the movement of the Alpha as he shrugs his shoulder, “I notice everything about you Dean.”
Castiel knows it’s one of the reasons why he went into second gender biological studies as his career, why research and knowledge was so important to him, people needed to know the cruelties that was happening right under their noses, and if they just took a moment to understand the way the natural world actually worked, how important some of those ingrained instincts and tendencies were to survival and society, then maybe institutions like these Alpha correction facilities wouldn’t exist at all.
It was strange, that feeling of missing somebody when they were standing right in front of you. Sam had been (and still was) his best friend, no matter the fact that Dean was his employer. But something had changed, shifted in their relationship and the singer knew he was entirely to blame for all of it.
“Y-you don’t want to d-date someone like me, Cas. I’m-I'm bad at relationships and I’ll just end up bothering you more than anything else, it's really not worth the hassle. We should just enjoy what we’ve got going on right now, yeah?”
Dean berated himself when he realizes he managed to make this whole situation about him, how incredibly self-centered he was that deep down he had wanted Sam to stay with him instead of finding his own freedom.
“You're kidding right? No, it's you, of course you aren't. Well, he's only like one of the leading figures in the modelling industry right now. Seriously, dude is legit, he was voted one of the highest requested male models of the year.” Charlie says.
Their silence is broken as Cas finally speaks, “Thank you Dean. This was…it was a very thoughtful of you,” his eyes meeting Dean’s green ones, staring as if he were seeing the singer for the first time.
Eventually they break apart, Dean giving her a gummy smile, his instincts finally cooled down a bit to allow him to break away.
Being completely oblivious to the Omega's distress, Michael went on explaining, “Look, Dean, baby. You had to have known this was coming. I mean, you and me," the Alpha says gesturing with a hand between the two of them, "we would never have worked out in the long run. For me to move forward with my campaign, I need to start looking for serious potential mates. And, sorry to break it to you, but you’re just not the type of omega for
His thoughts get derailed when suddenly he feels the soft touch of Cas’s lips on his cheek. It lasts for barely a second before the writer moves away, Dean looking up only to see his own stunned expression reflected back at him in the deep pools of Cas’s dark eyes. The kiss had been nothing but a peck, but the touch of them lingers, and the singer can’t help but place a hand there, trying to hold the feeling of those rough, chapped lips there a little longer.
The words were simple, said out in the open like that, meant to be carried away on the slight breeze in the air, but to Castiel, the weight of these syllables strung together in that short sentence was something that seemed to have its own power. The words causing a visible shift he can see in his minds eye of the perception he had of who he thought this singer with the bright green eyes and dusty brown hair was. And he was even more surprised to find that the budding curiosity went beyond his professional vested interest in his story, but it was yet too soon and tentative to say exactly what he was feeling at that moment.
Cas was avoiding him, it was the only explanation Dean could think of as he sat beside Sam in the limo, driving back to their hotel from the plethora of interviews he had scheduled that night.
He could give it to his mother, she was good at that, so much so that even he had believed her words for the longest time, had participated in her rallies and speeches, right up until that night his baby brother had come to his room, dark hair tousled and blue eyes watery, looking broken and sad as he asked him why their mother hated him so much.
“God! That's one of the best last lines to any movie. Ever. I swear,” Dean says as he flops back after the ending credits start to roll.
Dean says the last part with a pout, looking absolutely put out as if denying him this simple pleasure was an absolute crime in his book, and Castiel can't resist this time as he leans over and kisses the Omega squarely on the lips, adding pressure and moving his mouth over Dean's to make it more than just a peck but still keeping it from developing into a full on make-out session in his car.
He knew Jo had a point. She had helped him get out of a lot of these events after she had seen her fair share of what went down at these parties but she was right, he couldn't avoid going to every social gathering. At the end of the day, they weren't the ones in charge making all their own decisions, and if he bailed early on one of the biggest events of the season, it wouldn't be his ass in trouble, it would be Jo's. And he couldn't do that to her. She, and her mom Ellen had taken too much of his shit over the years and helped him through said shit when he had no one else to turn to and by this point they had all but officially adopted the wayward Omega into their two-woman family.
There were no claps or cheering after the song ends, everybody still doing their own thing, paying no mind to the Omega up on the stage.
At the reminder of the Omega having to leave for Paris in a few days' time, he can't help his entire body from stiffening up, even though he knows Gabe is just joking around. Seeing Dean's reaction out of the corner of his eye, the Beta turns his full attention towards him and with one hand on his hip he stares at Dean with raised eyebrows in a manner that eerily matches Cas's own critical gaze, “Let me guess, you haven't told him you're leaving yet, have you?”
Dean thought bitterly. And the simple truth was that most people, all having a tremendous amount of talent, never made the bureaucratic cut. Case in point by Dean having only managed to work with a handful of people more than once, this being proof enough that people opted out pretty quickly when it became apparent that they needed more than passion.
Funny how that worked, Cas wasn't even there, yet he gave this to Dean. Gave him back a moment of something he thought he had destroyed and burned to ashes forever. But here it was, their easy banter brought to life as if it had never been gone, with Cas right at its centre. Sam's bright laughter aimed at him. Their words flowing easy and assured.
It had felt as if his chest and mind had shattered into a million pieces, as if his heart were beating out of his chest and he couldn’t get in enough air. The panic that had overshadowed his mind as his Alpha prowled and paced, wanting to seek out its lost mate, desperation clinging to it, had brought Castiel to his knees as he stood there in the open doorway of his bedroom, the nest he and Dean had shared for months now looking barren and ruined.
“I never bothered attending prom, wasn’t all that interested, no matter how much Gabriel hounded me about regret and milestones and it being every teen’s right of passage.”
“There's a lot of these conspiracy theories around her death, quite upsetting really, and I try to keep Dean out of all that, not that there's a lot'a articles out there about her, she wasn't as big as she could'a been if she just applied herself more to the art of the industry, but she did refuse my help after all, could'a taken her to the top like I am Dean. Anyway, Mary just had a weak mind for it all, ya'know, I just regret that Dean spent so much time with her, was a bit of a mamma's boy, but I did what I could. A bit of a stage dad I must admit, but this was m-
John was a sly son of a bitch. Castiel knew now, he shouldn't have allowed himself to be trapped in that brown eyed stare that had caught onto his own blue the moment he entered the man's impressive hotel suit, wide bay windows looking out into the city below them as they each sat on plush cushioned chairs facing each other. The acknowledgement of those challenging eyes were enough it seemed, Castiel's participation, his presence, alone being a vital part of the man's victory and the writer knew the man was revelling in the idea that he had caught Castiel off-guard.
The room was still cast in darkness, Castiel not having given a thought to switch on even the bed-side lamp, not when after getting into the room, in a matter of seconds he had had Dean up against the room door, only to end up horizontal a few minutes later. And fuck, was this so much better. Not that their earlier moments hadn’t been driving him completely crazy, but positioned like this, Castiel not being able to help the steady and instinctual drive of his hips, Dean arching up into him with every grind down, he could feel
in him from twisting bitterly at the thought that he couldn't do anything though. The feeling intensifying every time he sees the singer obviously struggling as his movements become more stilted and awkward and his smile tinged with an embarrassment that wasn't funny or cute, instead looking as if he wanted to crawl into a hole in the ground and just die as the other back-up dancers stand on the sidelines watching him fail again and again and again.
Ignoring the nerves that had suddenly sparked in his core, he leans in and asks, “Come on, let's go dance, yeah?”
“I-I-I'm sorry, d-dad, I j-just...I didn't m-mean to...” Dean tried to stammer out, words refusing to come as the back of his eyes started stinging from the tears he held in check as he just stood there, limbs locked up and rooting him to the spot as he looked down at the grey concrete floor.
“Ms. Harvelle requested me to find you,” she says in an almost robotic, no-nonsense voice, taking long, fast strides as she leads him through the chaos of the dressing room further on back, not elaborating further even though Castiel has no idea who this 'Ms Harvelle' person is and why she would be requesting to see him.
His love and devotion was a diseased, wilted, dead thing waiting to poison anyone who touched it, and he truly pitied anyone who thought he could help or save them when he couldn’t even save himself.
Finally standing up, Castiel walks over to stand in front of a pouting Dean, and places his hands on the Omega's waist, “Of course there's nothing going on, you should know by now that I have eyes only for you, and besides, it looked as if you had the situation well underhand.”
He knew what this was, what the writer meant to him, even as he desperately wished he didn't. The singer had a plan, and Cas had merely been part of that plan, not a divergent from it.
Getting up from his seat, the Omega heads determinedly to the kitchen, pulling ingredients out from his cupboards.
He smiles up at Cas, seeing that the angry look on his face hadn't quite disappeared yet. The Omega slides both hands down the length of the Alpha's arms and brings them around his body so they end up wrapped around Dean's waist. That seems to be the right thing to do to get some reaction out of Cas as he instantly tightens his hold and moves the Omega's body closer and tighter against his with hands that have spread across Dean's back, making it so they're standing practically chest to chest. Dean wraps his arms around the Alpha, hooking his hands behind his neck.
Castiel lets the word sink in, another piece added to his twisting and shifting perception of Dean, breaking down whatever image he had constructed before meeting the singer, before starting to
Across the room was a large bay window, blinds pulled closed, with a large mahogany desk, similarly strewn with papers and other office paraphernalia taking up a good portion of the room. But the Omega couldn’t help but be drawn to the brown leather couch set against the opposite wall from the bookshelf, the earthy concentrate of his Alpha’s scent strongest there, and Dean could picture the Alpha having even mistakenly slept there one many occasions as he got lost in his work. Not resisting, and not wanting to resist, Dean takes a seat on the couch, and immediately, it was what he had been looking for all these weeks, having that scent surrounding him, lulling him gently, all the tension in his body dissolving at once.
“While an apt description for my college days, not so much my high school experience,” the Alpha says with a smug smile, knowing he baited the Omega a little with his question since he knew what people saw today was a vastly different person than who he was in high school when he had still been living at home with his mom and sisters instead of with Gabriel.
With those words, Dean once again burrows further into his Alpha, eyes going shut at what he thought was the end of the conversation, but Cas shifts beneath him, lifting his head from his lap in a clear gesture that he wants to get up.
He can't deny that one of the best turn-ons about Cas was his seemingly unconscious way of taking control and asserting himself without being over-bearing or demeaning. From the beginning Dean could tell it was a trait that just seemed to come naturally to him, and unlike some Alphas he had no qualms with visibly displaying it around an Omega, something which happened often nowadays, especially with the one-eighty society took on their stance toward Alphas in general. It was something Dean couldn't really understand though and he called bullshit on the entire affair, everybody scorned Alphas for their natural inclinations, just as years before Omegas had been marked as inferior-than for their natural proclivities, especially male Omega's. He knew how that could mess anybody up, Alphas and Omegas alike.
Cas turns to him and gives him a sceptical look, “You haven't? Huh, have we finally found a classic that
In a flash Cas was off of him, standing at the foot of the bed as Dean lay there, not knowing what was happening or what to do with himself.
Dean whines out pitifully at the sudden loss of fullness when Cas's fingers are unexpectedly withdrawn from his body, “I'll be right back,” Cas shushes him with a surprisingly gentle kiss to his cheek as the Alpha gets up off the bed.
With shaking hands, Dean tried to open the small round disc of concealer, but the fucking thing wouldn't open, and soon his frustration mounted until he felt the tears he had been trying to hold back finally make their way down his cheeks, the poignant sting of the droplets falling down his bruised cheek only making the singer start to cry harder and louder. His shaking fingers  still trying to pry the lid of the container open, looking at the thing through blurry eyes.
They stood there a moment longer, caught up in the intimacy of the scene before Castiel finally met Dean’s eyes, only then realizing the liberties he had taken after the singer had made it perfectly clear this wasn’t what he wanted earlier that night, not from Castiel anyway.
Now, this proved to be exactly what Dean needed to know to make an informed decision with what he planned to do, but he wasn't going to get through any of what he prepared to say to Cas if the man kept making him so goddamned flustered, first from opening his door wearing nothing but blue boxer shorts with Dean trying his best to avoid staring at Cas's shirtless, unexpectedly muscle-defined torso, to making Dean flounder about with flat out compliment he gave Dean regarding his own state of appearance.
Dean knows he's smiling so big right now as his muscles start to pull at the sides of his mouth, but he can't help it, he's never felt this light, this
“It better be a really big reward,” Dean says with a pout firmly on his lips at having been ganged up on.
Everything came with a price though and going back home had become more of a struggle once he found out how
This was the point Dean realized he hadn't given the Alpha a response yet and had just been staring at him the entire time,
Stepping out of the cab, he’s suddenly glad for it. The place was fucking huge, large imposing brick buildings that looked as if they belonged in a fantasy world with wide open court yards that seemed to stretch on and on. There weren’t many students around, most probably having finished their day’s classes already, though there were still a few stragglers grouped together on the lush green lawns, soaking up the leftover warmth of the setting sun, which created pockets of light through the trees and casting the other spaces in shadow.
“And my mother, well at this point she’s just some woman that decided one day she loved her new husband and his sons more when she ran away from her five her old son at some amusement park on his birthday,” Cas huffed out an unamused breath of air before he tagged on, “Never even had the decency to drop me off at a shelter, she just left me standing there. In the cold, in the rain, actually caught pneumonia after that, first time I spent any amount of time in a hospital, and that was when CPS took me away.”
“Ain't much of a talker are you, honey?” She says and when her attempt at seduction isn't going as it usually does when she saw something she wanted, the woman decides to try a more direct approach.
scientific mumbo jumbo isn’t the be all and end all of truths in this world Cassie,” Gabriel fires back, “say what you will, deny it if you want, doesn’t change the fact that your Alpha there it hell bent on bonding with its intended mate, and all this,” the Beta says as he motions to the generalness of Castiel’s poor state, “probably won’t get any better the longer you try and restrain your instincts.”
That night, Dean had fallen asleep to the sound of his Alpha’s voice, with the nights to come eventually following the same pattern.
He hears his Alpha let out an imperceptible sigh on the other end before that sooth, rich voice slowly started filling him up once again, “Good, that’s good my Omega.” And his heart skips a beat at hearing those two words, sounding so good and so right, knowing John would’ve beaten that lessen into him even harder if he ever found out Dean once again craved, fucking
“I mean, not that I'm implying it wasn't really love, I just mean to say-” But before Castiel can finish his attempt at smoothing things over,
Dean finally gets what Cas had been gunning for with his set-up, and with a blush that warms his face, all the way to the tips of his ears, he steps closer, taking the Alpha's hand as he helps Dean get into his own comfortable position in the V of Cas's thighs.
“I said no, ” Sam cuts him off, the guilt of not only rebuffing Dean but denying the Beta from seeing him as well being too much to handle right then, the Alpha just wanting this conversation to be done with so he can go back to bed and ignore that any of this ever happened.
Mind made up, Dean grabbed the bottle up off the floor, and stood up on shaky legs as he unlocked the stall door. Ignoring Sam as he walked out, Dean got one of the glasses that were sitting on the counter-top where everything from hand towels to body spray were stationed and filled it up with water. Unscrewing the bottle one-handed with practised ease, he dropped three of the little white buttons into his palm of the hand holding the glass.
“Obviously I refused to let Dean out on stage in this condition, but I have to go and soothe some ruffled feathers out there, since they're not too happy Dean didn't model in the event, and a lot of important people were expecting him to be here, but he needs to get home and I don't trust any of these fucks enough to have them drop him at his place alone when he's like this.” She doesn't mention the fact that the Omega had been asking for him and refused to leave before he saw the Alpha, she had a feeling he would definitely have it in for her if she revealed that tid-bit.
“Hey, Garth, 's good to see you too buddy,” Dean says with a smile, and the sincerity in voice making it clear that his words rang true.
Somehow the use of his full name makes that seem more like a threat than her actual words, not that that even registers with the Alpha when all he says is, “Dean talks about me?”
Thank God Dean was an expert at getting himself ready at an inhuman amount of time, because almost exactly ten minutes later, he heard a soft rap on his hotel door, the singer knowing it could only be Cas.
He unlocks the phone and goes to the last chat thread he and Cas had, and immediately opens the camera icon as he angles the phone to take a selfie, or well more like a few before he's happy with the result.
and scented the faint traces of Dean's sweet, apple and cinnamon glazed arousal, Castiel had no hope of being in control of whatever happened from there on out, his Alpha side taking over completely.
It would’ve been fine if that only entailed grading papers and structuring lesson plans and practicals, but no, the type of work his conscience wouldn’t allow him to avoid only made for restless and sleepless nights, dreams turning into nightmares as dregs from his past came to haunt him. And it felt as if the nightmares simply followed him to the land of the living, where he sat in his office, both at work and at home, looking through countless papers, and notes and cases, hoping to find something that would contribute to the downfall of the Alpha correction facitlites that seemed to surge in numbers by the day, with Castiel being evermore floored with the minimal public interest it was getting.
The surprised look he knew was on his face wasn't that hard to fake, he never even knew John had been in contact with them, “That's great. When's the interview then?” Dean made a point to know about any interviews he had lined up, one thing Sam knew he was rather anal about.
Then Dean looks at him, eyes sharpened like he's trying to figure something out, “Ya know, I appreciate it an' all, but you don't gotta try so hard not to offend me, man. I mean, I appreciate the effort, but I don't want you walking on egg shells around me trynna' find the right way to say things, I know how tiring that can get. And if you say something I don't like, or that hurts my feelings or something I'll just tell ya, 'hey, fuck off with that shit,' and you'll know you went too far and we can move on. Easy as that, Cas. I want you to be comfortable around me too.”
But clearly Dean hadn't been the only one affected, Cas had went full on Alpha-mode on his ass, literally, the moment Dean brushed his lips against his. It was the side of Cas that hadn't come out, not as uninhibited anyway, since that first night they slept together. There was a subtle hint of a kind of possessive, primal, and unrestrained quality to his behaviour that Dean hadn't seen before and the Omega side of him responded to it with sweet submission and longing.
He feels the pressure all coalescing, the fact that he was scared and alone and wanting more than ever to just go home home mounting one after the other as he tries to take even breathes so he doesn't go into a full on panic.
Castiel had been parked in front of the Omega's apartment building for the past ten minutes, trying to build himself up to get out and walk over to the complex. To say Castiel was nervous for this date would be a gross understatement on his part.
Through the years, he had had countless threats and baseless defamation lawsuits filed against him that couldn't dream to stand up in a real court, simply being meaningless texts on unimpressive pieces of paper meant to scare him, meant to get him to apologise and take back the words he wrote. It had been an intimidating experience at first, but the writer had become a good enough player to know when to strike and know when to push back, and so far he hadn't interacted with John enough to know which way his pendulum swung, so he'd just wait and see what the man had to say to him for now.
“Y-yeah,” came Dean’s stupefied response as his heart raced, eyes fluttering and face flushing hot and red as he felt the tender, tingling caress of the writer’s slightly dry fingers brush the sensitive slopes of his skin.
On the days when the weather was good and Dean found that he couldn't sleep, either from the new-found insomnia that seemed to be creeping up on him lately, or when he just couldn't get his mind to rest from its constant over-thinking, he liked to go off on his own and find the highest point he could reach of whatever hotel he was in for the time, all in an effort to go and watch the sunrise or just be out in the open when the world sat between that peaceful space of being half awake and half asleep.
Dean had changed his clothes when they had arrived, the Alpha finding the white t-shirt and loose-fitting denim dungaree over it with the pant legs slightly rolled up at the hem and the Omega opting to wear some old white chucks, to be a very good look for the man. It made him seem both soft and comfortable, yet at the same time it gave him that touch of seduction, the very sight and appeal of him forcing Castiel to use all of his self control in trying not to just carry the Omega off to his bedroom instead of labouring away in this one.
Dean's taken aback by the question, it was a logical one to ask he supposed, but he hadn't anticipated to be asked this question, rather preparing whole spiels about how he would reimburse Cas ten times what he was getting right now and that Cas would be getting whatever royalties it would make if it went through publication or whatever, and how it could be good for Cas's career, and a whole plethora of incentives as to why Cas should agree to take this on. He wasn't expecting the writer to ask what his own motives were.
Dean's slightly surprised at just how effective the gesture is. Although Omega's exposing their throats was usually meant as a sign of submission, the non-verbal cue had a different meaning when they exposed their claiming marks to mating rivals, the action instead displaying their victory in being chosen over the other. It had been Dean's first time that he was marked for claiming by an Alpha or anyone for that matter, and he couldn't deny how proud and confident it made him feel, rather than weak and ashamed like his dad said it would feel,
But just because that worked for his professional life, it wasn't so great for his personal one, with Castiel sometimes feeling that wall inside him freeze over without warrant, growing sharp, jagged edges that poked and prodded until he said the wrong thing, reacted the wrong way, and inevitably drove people off.
“Thanks,” she said, offering a small smile. “And the worst thing was that I’d seen it. I didn’t know it was the shifter. It looked like this woman we’d met in town the day before, who had given us some information on the case. She said she was going to fill Michael in on what she’d told me while I speaking to the neighbors. I should’ve realized it wasn’t her, but I didn’t. And a few minutes later, I heard him screaming.”
“You only just got married a year ago. Are you sure about this?” Dean asked. Charlie and Stevie were sitting on his couch, not an uncommon sight over the last two years since he moved out of their guest room. Dean sat in one of the folding dining chairs that he only pulled out when anyone was coming over.
Dean’s back hit the wall, but his eyes never left Cas. The dark, inky blackness stretched over Cas’s shoulder, hesitated.
Dean laughed, squeezing his brother’s shoulder, reminding himself that he was really there. He was in Heaven, and Sam was there with him. “I have a lot to catch you up on,” he said, mind casting back to earth. To Samatha, to Michael and Jacob.
“That’s not good enough,” Dean snapped at him. He groaned, dropping back into the chair, head in his hands.
“It’s only been a few days. A week tops,” Dean groaned, rubbing a hand over his face. When he looked back at Charlie, she was staring at him, wide-eyed and slack-jawed. “What?”
The angel gave him a sad kind of smile. “I knew the Empty would never cash in on it. She would never be able to.”
Sam had tried to get him to talk at first, but he’d given up after a few days. It wasn’t his business to know exactly what had happened. Cas was gone. That was all he needed to know. The details were for Dean alone. The tearful words spoken into the air between him and Cas—those were his burden to carry.
story. The one that got them started hunting. Most didn’t want to share, and those that did only shared with family. He wasn’t sure if he and Stevie were there yet. “Anyway, we were on a hunt. Shapeshifter. At least, that’s what I found out that it was, after it killed Michael.”
“Son of a bitch,” he swore when a sharp pain pierced his foot through his socks. “The hell do you want?” He snapped as he swung the door open.
“I know,” she said. Her voice sounded different, uncertain. Like she was still trying to convince herself. “And what happened to Sam and Cas, that wasn’t your fault either.”
“You can on the crutches. Besides, you need a bath. You smell like a frat house. One of the shitty frats houses full of misogynistic assholes that haze freshman by getting them blackout drunk and punching them til they puke their guts out.”
Sammy had Charlie’s red hair, Dean’s green eyes, and by the time she was a toddler, both their stubborn attitudes and habits for getting into trouble. She was going to be a handful, and Dean found himself glad that twins didn’t run in Charlie’s family as they apparently did in Stevie’s.
Charlie looked away, offering a polite smile to the server as he brought their food. “Thanks,” she said quietly. Dean just looked up and forced a smile that the server barely returned before leaving them again.
Though they agreed that Dean wouldn’t have any legal responsibilities or rights, he wanted to be there as much as they would let him. The three agreed that they would know who their father was, and grow up calling him dad, even if he had no legal rights as their father. It took a village, after all, and hunters knew that more than anyone.
“I think I can do it,” Jack finally spoke, and Dean was grateful he didn’t have to. He sat up straighter, clearing his throat and wiping away tears that had fallen before tearing his eyes away from his brother and looking towards Jack.
“They would want you to be happy, you know,” Charlie broke the silence when Dean was about halfway through his burger.
“Thought you said I’m not supposed to be walking around,” Dean said, a sarcastic smile on his lips. He got a petty kind of satisfaction out of watching her cross her arms over her chest.
“No way,” Charlie said, stalking away. Dean tried to move, but a sharp pain emanated from his foot before he could even set it on the floor. He had to use both hands to gingerly lift his leg back up to the chair again. Tears pricked at the back of his eyes, and he took a few shaky breaths through the pain. The glass had gone deeper than he’d originally thought.
He felt like he was watching from far away, not through his own eyes. Like he was watching someone else watch his brother’s body burn.
“How did you?” Dean asked. His eyes were locked onto her hand covering his, and he moved his other hand to cover hers. “Get through the survivor’s guilt?”
“When he was human, yeah. He said he missed them when he got his grace back. Said he could taste every molecule or somethin’ when he was an angel.” Charlie made a disgusted face, and Dean had to laugh. “Yeah, hell if I know what molecules taste like, but they don’t sound appetizing.”
Charlie had searched the bunker top to bottom, finding and confiscating every bottle of alcohol she could find. She didn’t find the one tucked between Dean’s mattress and box springs, until she found him drunk the night after she arrived. Then she confiscated that bottle too.
“Jack’s back,” Sam said. Now Dean could see the smile on Sam’s face, the brightness in his eyes. Dean wanted to punch him.
“You’re going to have your hands full,” Jody said. Ten months after the pair first asked Dean, and there was a crowd waiting at Stevie and Charlie’s when they got home. A banner hung form the ceiling inside the entryway read, “Welcome home Michael and Jacob!!” The twins woke up almost immediately when the women brought them inside, the hushed, excited voices of their family not quite quiet enough to let them sleep.
“Why’re you so damned determined to help me?” Dean asked. The server had just left after taking their orders, and Dean was twisting a straw wrapped between his fingers, not looking at Charlie as he spoke.
“Would you tell him we’d prefer if he didn’t?” I asked before Dean had a chance to speak. I could see the shocked look of betrayal on his face out of the corner of my eye, but I only stared straight at the Other Dean, his eyebrows knit together in confusion. “It was difficult, you understand, to let go of our friend and grieve his death. We’ve only just found peace with it in the last year or so. I don’t believe having a different version of him around would do anyone any good.”
Cas’s head shot up, eyes burning a hole in the side of Dean’s head. “The deal is unimportant,” he said. “The terms of the deal will never be met, so it will never be an issue.” Dean didn’t dare look at Cas. He didn’t want Cas to see anything in his eyes. To have hope. To know—Dean had to keep far away from there, at least until the deal was broken.
He alternated between drinking in his room and drinking in the trap room. Staring, just staring at the wall where the Empty had manifested, had came to take Cas away from him.
He didn’t even register their words as they each hugged him in turn and left his apartment. A father. Well, not really a father. Biological father, as Charlie had put it.
“I will be,” Dean promised. “Just, not right now. I need to get some sleep anyway. I’m on the early shift tomorrow.”
Dean nodded, eyes dropping back to the toast. His stomach turned just looking at it, so he grabbed the glass of water instead, taking a few small sips. As soon as the water hit his tongue, he wanted to chug the entire glass, but he knew from experience that wouldn’t end well. He forced himself to set the glass down on the table, still mostly full. “He’s gone,” Dean said, his voice rough and pained. “Cas and Jack too. I mean, Jack is—God, or something. But Cas and Sam. They’re—gone gone.”
Sam didn’t look surprised. He looked…nervous? “What did you, uh. The Empty, it didn’t take him. What did you do or say to keep it from taking him?” Sam’s voice sounded pained, as if he dreaded the answer even as he asked the question.
The thought comes unbidden and painful. All Dean knows, as he listens to Cas speak, as he turns to see the Empty forming behind him, is the deal that Cas made. The words he’s saying, the smile on his lips—why does he look so happy? He can’t be.
“Alright, but don’t yell for me when you fall on that foot and bust your stitches open,” Charlie said in far too cheery of a voice. “I’m not picking your bleeding, naked body up off the floor, so good luck.”
Meeting Stevie didn’t feel like the kind of joyous occasion it should’ve been. Dean was mostly just tired, Stevie was kind and understanding, but in a different way than Charlie. Charlie was kind and understanding in a tough love kind of way. Stevie was just kind. She offered Dean water, asked if he wanted to eat, instead of Charlie’s habit of taking the decision away from him and just shoving food in his face. He liked Stevie’s version of helping, but he knew how to respond better to Charlie’s. It was a weird kind of limbo.
“You don’t know a damn thing about what they would’ve wanted,” Dean snapped. He should feel bad, he knew that. And some part of him did. But the large part was just angry, and wanted to stay angry. Anger he could deal with. Anger was familiar.
That was how Dean got through the next few months. He did what he should. He did what Sam would’ve done, then what Sam would’ve wanted Dean to do. It got easier, after a while. Some days were harder, and he resorted back to eating salads, drinking those weird protein shakes, and even once forcing himself to go on a run with nothing chasing him.
It took about thirty minutes, a pair of tweezers, a fair number of stitches, a lot of bandages, a bottle of rubbing alcohol and a bottle of whiskey, before Charlie glared at him again. She’d propped his foot up on a chair with the order not to move, before snatching away the whiskey bottle.
An arm wrapped around his back, around his ribs, and a hand tugged one of his arms around her shoulders. He let her guide him down the stairs, stumbling and cursing at everything. At the stairs, at the glass, at the blood making the stairs slick, at Charlie, at himself. Mostly at himself.
“Sure, why not,” Dean conceded immediately. It made Charlie happy, and she was keeping him company on a difficult day.
“I told her about you,” Dean said. “How we met, how many times you saved me. About her uncle Sam, about—hell, everyone.”
“You stupid son of a bitch.” Not that. He did not intend to say that, and judging by the way Cas’s expression hardened, defensive in what he must’ve assumed to become an angry response to his confession to Dean, he hadn’t expected that response either. Dean stood as well so they were closer to eye level, his grip only tightening on the sleeve of Cas’s coat. “You don’t get to just tell me you frickin
“Yeah well. Everyone I cared about is gone,” Dean muttered. He jerked back when a hand landed hard on his shoulder, eyes shooting up to hers in indignation. “What the hell?”
“You’ll change your mind after the third or fourth night straight of no sleep,” Jody said, earning laughs from the rest of the room. Dean’s eyes were drawn to Jacob, the green onesie he wore was one Dean had picked out, and it reminded him of one Sam had worn when he was a baby.
Dean licked his lips, and tried not to notice the way Cas’s eyes dropped a fraction to follow the movement. Dean opened his mouth, tried to form any kind of coherent thought. An apology, a confession, anything.
Jody was the first. It wasn’t even on a hunt. Pneumonia put her in the hospital, and she never pulled back out. “I didn’t want to go out on a hunt,” she’d said as Dean sat by her bedside. Everyone knew, but no one was saying it. The doctors had said they would make her comfortable.
Which was why it was strange to hear his brother’s voice calling his name, and hurried footsteps in the hall outside. “Dean! Dean! Wait, no don’t—“ His voice broke off, and Dean turned to see his brother wince at the shatter of yet against bottle against the wall.
“You’re lucky you still have him,” Dean said, turning his glare from me to offer the Other Dean a sad smile. “Be sure you don’t take him for granted.”
Dean hardly noticed when Jack helped Sam clear the table, and Eileen got up to leave with Sam. He barely registered Jack giving Cas another hug before leaving for his room. He did notice the subtle, uncomfortable way Cas shifted a bit once they were alone. He’d been acutely aware of the angel since the moment he got back. Every smile that faded a little into something uncertain when he caught Dean’s eye, every hesitation when he accidentally brushed against Dean’s arm when he reached past him or was speaking with his hands too much.
“I’m sorry for your loss,” Castiel said, with all the earnestness and caring that Dean and I had come to expect of the angel. This Castiel being so close to theirs, so caring and kind—I knew it would only make it more difficult for Dean to leave, now that Castiel was back. But he wasn’t really. He wasn’t our Castiel. He wasn’t Dean’s Castiel.
The next two weeks went by in a similar way. Charlie and Stevie didn’t leave Dean on his own much, which he was grateful for, even if he acted like it annoyed him. The anniversary of Sam’s death a couple weeks after Cas’s, found the same group gathered around the same table, eating grilled chicken salads and telling stories and laughing. It felt good, to tell stories not just in a sad, longing-for-the-past kind of way. They told stories about Sam, Cas, Jack, others they’d lost, and laughed. They laughed like Dean hadn’t in over a year.
He didn’t want to think about Cas, what he would’ve done, what he wanted. Sam at least, he knew he would see one day in Heaven. But Cas—he pushed that to the back of his mind. That is, until Charlie left a course catalog on the kitchen table again after he’d been living with them for just over six months.
“And pretty sure you were the only one with a martyr complex,” Charlie added. “Sam, not so much. Your father might’ve—I didn’t know him.”
“No one’s called me that in a while, and even when they did, didn’t think you knew that story,” he said in a dry tone.
Dean laughed, held the door open for her and followed her into the kitchen. When they got there, Charlie was absent. “Sure, though I don’t know if you’ll believe it.”
Dean squeezed her hand, eyes set on the scar down her forearm where he’d stitched a deep gash after a hunt. It had been nearly a year before, Dean had rushed to Garth’s house after Jody got off a hunt, bleeding and nearly passed out from the blood loss. Days like that, he felt like he had a purpose. Days like this, he wished he did.
The black ooze fell away from him, drawing back into the void, Cas still standing. Cas, his moment of happiness gone, snuffed out. But safe.
Stevie ended up carrying the child. Charlie swore she didn’t want to carry a child every in her life, but Dean didn’t miss the wistful way she would look at Stevie, even when he was complaining of pains and morning sickness. Her smile would soften a little, her fingers drumming against her own stomach for a moment before she caught herself and would go make whatever food Stevie was requesting at the moment.
It took about two months for Dean to wrap his head around the idea. Every time he went over to their house, every time the boys got a little more comfortable with him around, every time Michael fell asleep in his arms, every time Jacob cried until Dean picked him up. Every time his arms felt empty when he handed one of the boys back Charlie or Stevie.
Lately, Sam left Dean to his own devices. Probably believing he’d come around eventually. It was a naive thought, but it suited Dean’s needs, so he didn’t correct it. Sam only ever bothered him to make sure he ate a meal on occasion, and drank some water along with the beer. Otherwise, he left Dean alone and stayed buried in books that didn’t hold any answers.
Dean never knew that silence could be painful. Sound, sound could be painful. It had been in Hell, before Cas pulled him out. The thought of it squeezed something painful and raw in his chest. But silence—silence wasn’t supposed to be painful. But this was. What was he supposed to say?
“We have time,” Sam said. His lips quirked up in a way that even after decades apart, Dean knew meant that there was something Sam wasn’t telling him. “Someone’s been waiting for you, though,” he said. His eyes were set on something, or someone probably, over Dean’s shoulder
“Castiel?” Dean asked, his voice weak. The angel turned back to look at him, still with that same look of curious confusion.
“Castiel in our world—he died, a few years ago,” I explained. I felt Dean flinch at my words, and squeezed his shoulder once more before pulling my hand back. The Other Dean and Castiel’s expressions softened in understanding. At least they were sympathetic to that.
Jonathan attended his first hunter’s funeral. Dean lit the pyre. Kaia spoke about the kind of person Claire had been. She broke down before she finished.
Now though, with Cas in front of him, an Archangel within arm’s reach, he felt further away than ever.
He had believed Dean. After everything, after Purgatory, after years of relying on each other, of Dean needing him there. And Cas had believed the cold words he had spat out in a desperate attempt to keep the Empty from taking him.
When she and the twins got older, Dean would tell them stories of Sam, and of Cas. He would listen to Stevie tell stories of her old hunting partner, Michael, and Charlie would tell them stories of her late father, Jacob. It was odd family from the outside looking in, Dean knew that. But it was theirs, and it was nearly perfect. His eyes drifted back to the frames, lingering on Sam and Eileen for a moment, then a few moments longer on himself and Cas. Nearly perfect.
“I know what you’re doing,” Dean said one day. He’d been staying with Charlie and Stevie for just under eleven months, and they’d made no plans to push him out. He had enough money now to rent a place of his own, and he intended to soon. Stevie and Julie, another hunter who had been a social worker in a past life, insisted that he stay in one place for a full year. He should go through all of the holidays, all the anniversaries, before he lived on his own. And that was what today was, when Charlie stood at the kitchen counter, shoving a bowl of cookie dough mixture at Dean. It was the anniversary of the day Cas was taken by the Empty.
“Well, that’s actually why we wanted to tell you first,” Stevie said slowly. She looked sideways at Charlie, who nodded at her. Dean’s brow furrowed, looking between them and trying to decipher the silent language they’d worked out between them. “We wanted to ask, if you would be our donor.”
As it turned out, there were a lot more doctors office visits than Dean had expected. For Stevie, sure. But he wasn’t expecting the number of appointments for himself. A physical and bloodwork, a consultation to talk them through how the process would work, and an incredibly awkward appointment involving the doctor, Charlie and Stevie waiting outside of a room where Dean was left with a plastic cup and a stack of magazines.
Charlie’s smile brightened, as if he’d already accepted. She was probably glad he hadn’t just outright refused them. He still wasn’t sure if he could tell them no. They looked so hopeful.
“Dean,” Cas’s voice was weak, quiet. The smile finally fell from his lips. The Empty reached out, two tendrils shooting past Dean. One engulfed Billie. The other reached for Cas. Dean’s hand shot out at the same time Cas reached to shove him out of the way.
Well, this chapter is predictable enough. Dean lived his life, now he gets to see his brother again. And maybe someone else?
“What can I say, the miracle of new life makes everything brighter,” Dean replied, easy smile on his lips. He let out a sigh, casting one more glance at the closed door before turning back to the pair. “Anyway, I should take off. Let you two settle in to being new parents.”
“Not even for you?” Dean asked. It seemed hard to believe. Cas was as good was Jack’s father, if anyone deserved to be exception to the rule, it was him.
“I think I’d like to hear that story sometime,” she commented. “But no, I meant Michael, my old partner. We met when we were kids. We hunted together after—“ She broke off, shaking her head. He didn’t ask. Every hunter had
“I think I’m gonna make a salad.” She laughed, and he couldn’t help but join her as he stood, pulling her into a hug.
“It’s not,” Dean muttered, eyes dropping. He distantly heard Sam’s whispered tone and two pairs of retreating footsteps. “What I said—I’m so sorry, Cas.”
He dried his face with the hand towel and went back out to the kitchen with Charlie and Stevie. He was only a little surprised to find everyone gathered. Garth, Jody, Julie, Eileen, even Claire and Kaia were there. No one asked why the lunch they’d all gathered together for was peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and pork rinds, followed by chocolate chip cookies. Dean suspected Charlie had filled everyone in anyway.
The nephilim slept for a solid week after the fight. After Chuck was gone for good, as well as Amara. Dean had worried if the boy would wake up, but Sam kept an eye on him. And everything was back the way it should be. Mostly, anyway. The world seemed to be back. According to news reports, the entire world just didn’t remember the two or three days between when they disappeared and when they were returned. Some people had little memory, and there were cases of some people missing entirely still, though enough John and Jane Does kept turning up that it appeared that everyone had returned, in one fashion or another. People tried to piece it together, but few people had any pieces, and they weren’t sharing. Bobby, Charlie, Stevie, they were all back. Eileen was back, and happy with Sam. They had been helping Bobby and Charlie, tracking down and tracing all of the missing family members to the claims of people whose memories had been more affected, and working on reuniting them with their loved ones.
Stepping into the bunker was when he lost it. His footsteps echoed. No voices greeted him. There was no one left. First Cas, then Jack, now Sam. Everyone was gone. Everyone had left him. He’d always known they would.
Photos of Samantha’s family, all of her family, made a collage on one wall of her room. Eileen and Sam smiled at her from one frame. Dean, Sam, Cas and Jack from another. John, Mary, Dean and Sam in another. A tired Stevie and Charlie held Michael and Jacob in another frame. Jody, Claire, Kaia and Patience were in another. A photo Sam had taken of Dean and Cas was near the bottom corner of the collage, far enough from the main eye line of the photos that the candid smiles could easily be missed.
A lump formed in Dean’s throat at Charlie’s soft words. A smile pulled at his lips, and he started rocking Jacob slightly in his arms. “Hey Jacob. Nice to finally meet you. Been waiting a while.”
“Not anytime soon, I hope,” Dean said. “It will be amazing when she gets here. When you get to meet her, when Sam gets to. But not anytime soon.”
“You—what?” Dean had only just pieced together what all of this meant. How the hell did Sam know? “How?”
The first thing Dean noticed when he faded back to consciousness, was that nothing hurt. His neck, which hadn’t been fully without aches and pains for several years, felt fine. The air smelled clean, it smelled like that time he and Sam had driven through the Blue Ridge Parkway, stopped and just sat and looked at the views from the mountains whenever they felt like it.
“Things got worse, everything snowballed,” Sam continued. “We both got turned into vamps. You killed Jody, Bobby killed me. It was—But it started then. From what I could gather, it all started when you had to lock Cas in the Malach box. Nothing was the same after that.
Dean didn’t say anything. He expected that Charlie thought it was because her words had got to him. They didn’t. He didn’t speak because if he tried, he would scream. At her, at Sam, at Cas. And he couldn’t do that. Screaming was like crying. If he started, he knew he wouldn’t stop.
“Yeah, I’ve—I’ve heard crazier,” she said, though her voice betrayed her words. A smile pulled at Dean’s lips.
“Dean,” Sam repeated his name again, it almost sounding like a whine. Dean was tired of this already. He just wanted to lock himself in his room, and let everyone else enjoy their new perfect world. He was the only one suffering, apparently.
“Especially not for me,” Cas said. A sad kind of smile tugged at his lips, and a moment later large, bright, iridescent rainbow wings unfurled from his back. Dean fell back a step, though the hand on his arm still clutched at his jacket sleeve, still unwilling to let go entirely.
“Cas,” Dean whispered past the lump in his throat. He couldn’t make his voice work past that, couldn’t force any other words past his lips. So he spoke through action instead. The hand clutching Cas’s coat slipped across Cas’s ribs, around his back. His other hand found the side of Cas’s face, pulling, guiding him closer as Dean’s head dipped just enough to press their lips together.
“Of course I will, if that’s what you want,” Charlie said, offering a warm smile. “But if it’s just because you think you don’t have a family, then you’re wrong. You do have a family.”
“You’ll have eternity to get over it,” Charlie said. And that was not the response he expected. He couldn’t help it. He laughed. The kind of surprised laughter that started quietly, but he couldn’t stop. The kind of laughter that hurt his chest, and burned his eyes until he was gasping for a few breaths between punches of now painful laughter. The kind of laughter that could’ve turned into sobs if he didn’t manage to catch his breath in time to stop it.
Stevie was the first person he told, mostly because he needed a voice of reason. Not Charlie, as much as he loved her. But she’d been so desperate to make sure he wasn’t sinking into himself, further into depression, he knew she would latch onto the first thing he showed interest in no matter what it was. Stevie talked him through it, asked him repeatedly if he was doing it because Cas would, or because he wanted to.
won. Dean didn’t. Dean felt like screaming at the world. They got to go on as if nothing had changed. As if everyone was safe and alive, but not everyone was. Cas wasn’t.
The Other Sam and Dean arrived back at the bunker with a few others in tow. The moment he walked through the door, I knew it was going to be nearly impossible to get Dean to let this go—to let him go. I turned to my brother, but he wasn’t looking at me. His eyes were wide, his mouth was hanging open just a fraction. I wasn’t even certain that he was breathing. I put a hand on his shoulder and he jumped, scared, awe-filled eyes turning to me for a second before he turned back to look at him.
It felt like some kind of weight was taken from his shoulder as he left the kitchen in search of Castiel. A smile tugged at his lips at the thought of the angel, and eh was finally able to indulge the excitement and happiness everyone else had found since the world had been put back together again, now a little bit brighter.
“There’s no need,” Cas answered. Dean was surprised, and honestly a little annoyed, with how even his tone was. How little affected he sounded. “I’ll go and check on Jack.” He caught Dean’s eye offering a smile that made Dean blush harder, before turning to leave.
“Love you too, bitch. Now come on. We’ve got a lot more driving to do if we wanna get home before tomorrow.”
When their lips met, it was like everything stopped, and everything came alive simultaneously. Words ceased, the room fell away, the steady hum of the fridge faded. And everything felt electric. His skin buzzed, his lips burned in the most pleasant way—and after a moment it hit him that Cas wasn’t moving.
Sam looked more confused than ever. “Wait, this has been a deal since Jack came back? You haven’t been happy at all since then?”
Day thirty sober wasn’t much easier than day one. It was harder, in some ways. He knew what a month numb had felt like. He’d been able to just coast through from day to day without much thought or acknowledgement of anything. Hell, he couldn’t even tell the days apart inside the bunker if he wanted to avoid it all together, which he had. Sober though. Everything hurt, and there was no avoidance. He spent his days working on Stevie’s car, or Jody’s. Whoever brought their car by saying it was making a weird noise or needed new brake pads. He knew every hunter there could do at least half the shit they were asking him to do, but he never called them out on it. He liked the distraction and getting his hands dirty.
“Tough shit, Winchester,” Charlie snapped right back at him, making him pause. “It doesn’t matter what you think should’ve happened, or who deserves to live or die. It doesn’t work like that. You don’t get to decide that. All you get to decide is what happens next. If you’re not too chickenshit to decide that much.”
The call from Sam was a welcome distraction, and by the time Dean and Cas met them in town, it was clear they had bigger issues.
“Dean, look at me,” I said firmly, waiting until he looked up to meet my eyes, and I could see the tears forming. See the tears leaving tracks on his cheeks. “It’s not him. I’m sorry, but it’s not. He’s not your Castiel.”
“No, Dean, wait,” Sam hurried, stepping to block Dean’s path, though he didn’t touch him again. Sam’s hands were held up in front of Dean to stop him, but he didn’t reach out to try and grab his arm again. “He didn’t come back alone.”
“I’m sorry,” the Other Dean said, taking a step towards us. He didn’t seem necessarily to speak only to my brother, which seemed odd. He acted as though I suffered such a terrible loss as well. Which I had—Castiel was my friend. But he was more to Dean. This Other Dean didn’t seem to understand that, though. And that was when the strangeness, the differences, clicked.
Cas smiled back at him, taking Dean’s hand still against his cheek in his and turning to press a kiss against Dean’s palm, before lacing their fingers together and taking a small step back. He turned to look towards the house he’d been standing in front of, and Dean looked up to actually take in the building. It was a single story, pale green house, with a dark wooden porch, a swing hanging on one side o it, a table and a couple chairs on the other side.
Charlie returned a minute later, the whiskey bottle having been replaced by a glass of water, a bottle of gatorade held between her arm and her chest, and what looked like a plate of toast in her other hand. She set the items on the table beside him wordlessly. He glared from the toast up to Charlie again.
He drove through a fog, though the streets were clear. But his mind wasn’t. Nothing was clear. Everything felt heavy, like he was moving through molasses. It was a struggle to put the key in the ignition, it felt like it took every ounce of strength he had to turn the wheels, to pull the car back onto the road. It feels like he was physically dragging all 3500 pounds of metal, glass and rubber down the highway.
The words sounded strange, like they didn’t make sense together. The words all had distinct meanings, and Dean understood those, but put together in that way—It sounded almost like static.
“That’s not entirely accurate,” Cas said. Dean could hear the annoyance in his tone, and couldn’t blame him for it. But honestly he didn’t care. Cas could be as annoyed as he wanted. Dean was going to find a way to get him out of the deal. “The Empty said it would come and take me when I experience a moment of true happiness. I’m perfectly content to live in the range between miserable and true happiness. It’s not one extreme or the other, as Dean implied.”
“Yeah well I hope this works too. I’m tired of watching this,” Sam said. “You know you don’t have to yell at him, right? He didn’t have his moment of true happiness or whatever when we were all hanging out, or having movie nights, or playing stupid board games. You don’t have to be a dick just to keep him from disappearing.”
Except, it occurred belatedly to Dean that that wasn’t what Cas had apologized for. “Cas, that’s not—“
“Lucky guess.” He turned and pulled Cas closer, kissing his Archangel to the sound of Heat of the Moment.
“She’s brilliant, and a pure, beautiful soul,” Cas said. Dean didn’t ask how he knew that, but he knew it was true. “I look forward to meeting her.”
He wasn’t okay. Nothing was okay. His body was numb, legs moving, hands working, wrapping his brother’s body. Arranging the pyre. Pouring salt.
Losing Claire had been the last straw. Jody had been hard, Garth had been hard. But Claire—she was so young. She wasn’t supposed to die. She was supposed to live a long life with Kaia, but happy and maybe have kids of her own one day. He’d seen how much she’d loved babysitting Samantha and the boys when they had been younger. She should’ve had a life. She should’ve had kids of her own. She shouldn’t have died like that.
“You know what? You were right to know you can’t be happy if that includes me—as what? A boyfriend? Lover? What the hell is wrong with you?”
Dean sat on the floor on one side of the mat, looking over the boys’ heads at their mother. “I want you to be my surrogate,” he said again. “Obviously, only if you’re comfortable with it. I just—I want a family too.”
Dean had started fixing cars for other people in the area, charging for anyone that wasn’t a hunter. Anyone that wasn’t family. But it wasn’t much of an income. Dean finally flipped through the course catalog with intention this time, not just the way he would humor Charlie int he past, before throwing it away. He couldn’t see himself getting a business degree, not for the garage. A degree wouldn’t help him much with that. He knew Sam would go to law school, but despite Stevie’s story and how he’d been pushing himself lately, he knew he couldn’t get into law school. And he’d hate it anyway.
The new year found Dean renting a small studio apartment almost exactly between Charlie and Stevie’s place and Garth’s. It hadn’t been intentional, but it worked out. Maybe it had been a little intentional. Once he finished his certification and got a job as an EMT, he felt like he found his footing. Like the ground wasn’t constantly shifting, always in danger of being pulled out from under him. He had something now. He had some kind of control, enough that when hunters called ahead to Garth that someone had been hurt, Dean could meet them at Garth’s and do something. He could help.
Sorry this chapter was kinda rough, I know. Ugh, I love Claire. That physically hurt me to write. But y'all can guess what's coming in the next chapter!!! ;)
Or it would’ve affected him worse because he was an angel. Either way, locking Cas in the Malach box—that would be worse than what they were dealing with now. At least now he still had Cas in his life, by his side. Even if he couldn’t be honest with Cas, he was there.
“I’m a human,” she corrected him. She squeezed his hand, tugging at it a little until he looked up and met her eyes. “We’re all human. Besides, I don’t want to go out with some monster thinking it’s better than me anyway,” she added, her lips quirking up a little. He found himself smiling sadly back at her. “I’m a hunter that no monster could kill. Not many hunters get to go out saying that.” Dean huffed out a short laugh. “Look after my girls for me,” she added.
“Yes?” The Other Castiel asked. My brother only continued to stare in silence. “Is something wrong?”
Stevie joined in the conversation when she got home from helping Garth run point from his house on a few simultaneous hunts, and ran through the same questions she’d had when Dean told her he wanted to be an EMT. When she was satisfied that he was doing it for himself, not for Sam, they called the same doctor that had handled Stevie’s pregnancy.
When they were about to leave, Sam stopped in his tracks. Initially, Castiel wondered if the hunter had one last question for the principal. But the younger Winchester’s eyes were fixated on a picture on the wall. The picture seemed to be old, and, at first, Castiel couldn’t see anything that stood out.
However, before they headed there, he and Cas wanted to visit the families of those victims who weren’t single and without any other family ties, at least those families who happened to live in the county.
This time the witch stayed silent. Wordlessly, she took her wallet and threw some cash on the table. Claire got up, grabbed the witch’s coat and threw it over the cuffs, never letting the witch out of sight and never lowering her gun, even when she had to hide it inside her jacket once more.
“Okay. Okay.” Dean relented, taking both hands back on the wheel and especially looking at the road in front of them. “Happy now?”
“Sam wanted to fly a kite right after the movie. But it was already too dark outside and Sam needed to go to bed. Since we didn’t have a kite, Sully helped me build one while Sam was asleep.” Jack beamed.
It was fascinating and quite arousing to watch Dean struggle to keep it together and not to jump him right here and now. He would understand him. He did understand him. Alone his control over his grace held back the overwhelming reactions of his own body.
“Human or being, Cas?” Dean inquired. “I just don’t want to run into some creature you accidentally overlooked.”
“Dean’s right, Jack. We’ve all done things we aren’t proud of. And many of them we did consciously, not by accident, because we thought we were doing the right thing. Yet, we kept on going, because that’s the only thing we can do.”
“You fell easily back into the role of sole protector of your brother. But you are not alone, Dean. You have friends who will always be ready to help you. You don’t have to fight on your own. Not anymore. I wish you would understand that.”
“I’m fine. I just can’t unsee Dean all over Cas when we stumbled into them in the library this morning. It’ll be burned into my brain forever.” Sam shuddered dramatically.
Unable to voice his motives, he turned, and reached out, wiggling the fingers of his hand invitingly. The way Cas’ eyes lit up with the small gesture, was a stab to Dean’s heart. Hell, he didn’t deserve the faith Cas always entrusted him with. Gripping Dean’s hand, Cas followed him silently.
Whatever this was, he would embrace it as long as it was possible. Until everything was falling apart he would go along with it. For the first time in ages, he felt truly content.
The moment the kid spotted him, Jack jumped up. “Dean! Dean! I finally understand. Sam is making up stories. It’s fascinating. He doesn’t need facts. He just knows what should happen and so he lets it happen.” Jack’s face was full of wonder. “Sam started a story and he goes on and on. He creates whole worlds! And it’s not lying. He doesn’t lie.”
“Dude, that’s exactly what I said,” Dean grumbled at his friend. He turned back to the Zanna who made faces at a laughing Sammy. “So, you’re in?”
“Shuddup!” Dean scrunched his empty paper bag and threw it towards Sam’s head. It hit the moose straight in the face and his brother blinked confused.
This was all he had ever dreamt of. Moreover, this was Cas. Cas who had seen him at his worst. Cas who had told him he loved him. Cas who – for whatever freaking reason – thought the world of him. Cas who had died for him.
Dean once again resisted until he felt a hand grabbing his left shoulder. “I can’t lose you,” Dean whispered, staring at his shoes. “Losing you, shit, I can’t go through that again. It gets harder every time.” If it happened again, Dean knew he wouldn’t survive it. Worse, it wasn’t a question of
“I doubt it was that good.” Castiel frowned. “You’ve certainly had many far more advanced and experienced partners than me.”
“Stop it.” Claire almost jumped up, glaring at the woman opposite her, but never lowering her guard.
Castiel looked up, grinning, and finally opened up the pants, sliding them down, and revealing Dean’s boxers. With another brush of his palm over the still hidden erection, Castiel paid heed to examine the newly revealed skin of Dean’s legs. Taking his time to kiss and caress every single patch of skin and every scar on his way, he slowly made it down to his husband’s still bare feet. It had been years since he had rebuilt this body from scratch and it was still as beautiful as it was on that day. This time, though, it was even more intense. Emotions and feelings that had been alien for him back then, either because he had never experienced them or because he had been brainwashed to forget, were burning through him, lighting him up from within.
Dean’s eyes flew open, his arms lashed out at Castiel, but before he did anything else, he stared at Castiel and asked, huskily, “Cas? What the hell?” Looking around and taking in the location, he frowned. “What the‒ ? Where are we? Where’s Sam?”
Dean threw himself on his bed, knowing he was unreasonable, probably even more than usual. And now he had left Cas in the library to babysit Sam and Jack, and just ran away from everything. Though, he couldn’t. He had tried to flee from his feelings but all he did was bring them with him and instead he left any chance of diversion behind. But for once he needed some time to think and to sort his sentiments. Alone.
“I’m ... Sam sent me.” Castiel frowned and stared at Dean, who stood next to the weird contraption in the middle of the garage. Finally, having a look at the device, Castiel had no idea what it was. "What are you building?"
“I’m not aware of doing anything wrong. As you recall, you invited me to lie down on the bed before you fell asleep.”
He realised he had been staring too. Dean had actually gone back to his work, adding the last few pieces of wood to the pile in haste. Already, he was on his way to haul the first body on the stack. Not wanting to wait either, Castiel collected the other bodies, and soon after, their tools had been stashed in the Impala, and the fire burned everything that remained of the vampires.
“I have been under the assumption that this is the reason why we came here in the first place, Sam.” Cas seemed confused, tilting his head questioningly and raising an eyebrow at Sam’s question.
“I thought you’d never leave the bunker ever again. It’s been a long time. How’s Cas? I heard you finally found a way to get him back.”
“Come on, let’s get dressed, and get this show on the road,” Dean exclaimed giddily all of a sudden, hastening him to open his own bag.
“Awesome!” Dean exclaimed, grinning, once again tugging at their still joined hands, and together they resumed their haste towards the Impala.
And now Cas was back, riding shotgun while he was driving. Sitting right there, next to him, watching the landscape passing by. Cas who loved him. He really loved him, despite all of Dean’s shit. Cas, fucking angel of the lord, who knew him –
Castiel’s hands were still resting on Dean’s back and now wandered tentatively upwards. His feelings and his newly restored grace caused literal sparks to erupt inside the barn, and with a thunderous crack through reality, his wings appeared on the earthly plane.
“Yes. Yes, I will, Dean.” Once again, he felt tears falling down his face. Beaming with happiness he had never known before today, he pulled Dean up and crushed their lips together, despite the hats they were both wearing.
Cas sighed. “Yes, it hurts. It always hurts. But that’s good, that’s really good, Jack. It hurts because you are able to feel empathy. You might ask Sam when he’s back what it’s like to live without a soul.”
“I don’t feel any sexual attraction towards you since I don’t feel sexual attraction towards anyone. At least, I think I don’t. How does one apprehend a concept without knowing whether one understands the actual meaning of the concept?” It was a concept that was bothering him. Castiel had always thought it was because he was an angel. But even in his short and trying time as a human, more trying than he would ever admit to others, and all the frighteningly bodily cravings that came with it, sexual attraction was totally lost on him.
He was so desperate for this man, angel ... for Cas he even was down to begging for a kiss, still too afraid this could all be a dream to initiate it himself. He ...
As if he had heard his brother, Sam looked at them and waved enthusiastically, a broad smile covering his face.
However, Dean had given him the opportunity to thank him properly for the gift. Stepping forward and closing the remaining space between them, Castiel embraced his friend tightly. “Thank you,” he whispered in Dean’s ear. He couldn’t help but smile when Dean returned the hug, his arms pressed against Castiel’s back and Dean’s chin resting on his shoulder.
Castiel kept watching Dean after his friend had deflected as usual, closing his eyes to shut Castiel out. This time Castiel probably had deserved it. Why had he had to be so stubborn? Even though sitting on the chair was fine – as an angel it didn’t matter where he waited after all – for once Dean had invited him to join him on the bed. It would have been easy to get up and make himself comfortable on the bed next to his friend. Castiel would have sat down there, his back against the headrest and his eyes roaming over the fascinating man next to him.
Jack shrugged, looking small and lost in his role, and yet, at the same time, radiated a calming power Castiel was drawn to. It was the same power he had felt before Jack was born: A promise of peace and happiness, not only for him but for everyone.
But he had to keep going. Otherwise Cas’ self-sacrifice had been utterly meaningless. For the time being, he needed to keep himself together as much as possible, even if it meant to feel nothing. As long as he could go through the motions and get everyone back, it was worth it.
“Don’t like that. Can’t pinpoint why exactly but it’s too sketchy,” Dean said warily while he sat down vis-à-vis from him.
was his mission. This was why Heaven had chosen him, why his father had sent him here. And yet, even in talking with Anna, he defied his orders: Kill on sight, his directive said. His sister had fallen. She was a disgrace not only to the garrison but to all of Heaven. Even in talking to her, he was committing treason. However, he couldn’t do it, would never harm her. Not when she was peaceful and gave him no reason to act as he was commanded. Or was seeding doubts treason? It most probably was. It should be.
Afraid it all had just been another dream, he hesitantly opened his eyes, only to be met by the bluest ocean.
Once again Castiel reached down, his hand around Dean’s erected penis, causing the hunter to inhale sharply. As Castiel had learned in earlier conversations, anatomically correct descriptions actually were not the right terms in this context. So he would have to ask Dean to teach him some more about how to talk properly about and during sexual intercourse. However, that would have to wait. Intently, Castiel watched Dean, who was completely giving himself over to him. Dean’s bodily reactions towards the stimulation by a simple touch were fascinating to observe. Castiel moved his hand cautiously up and down, guiding his thumb over the sensitive slit at the tip.
His friend looked at him with pleading eyes. There was no way he could resist him, especially since he didn’t want to. There was no need to hide any longer. “Yes,” was all he said.
“It seems your brother has a panic attack,” Cas’ clear voice pierced through the fog. How could his brain be so cruel? Desperately, Dean pressed his hands over his ears to make it stop, shielding himself from the outside world.
Castiel crouched down next to Dean and embraced him in his arms. “Shh! It’s okay, Dean. You already know, I love you, too.” Even though the man in his arms momentarily tensed he eventually chuckled and eased up when Castiel placed a kiss on top of his head.
Dean hung up and stared at Castiel. “Son of a bitch!” In his anger he brushed several papers and a book from the table surface. “Think you could follow most of it. Apparently, Claire was hunting a were around Amarillo and is, right now, driving through southwest Kansas. So Jody thinks it’s a good idea for her to take a slight detour and look for the freaking witch.”
wasn’t interested?” Hope kindled in his entire body and he felt elevated. Did that mean–? No, that couldn’t be. Or could it?
“Taking it slow, remember.” Dean sighed. “I wanna get acquainted with your body, learn about what you want, before ... you know ... before we take it any further.”
“You never said a thing. You never–” Dean gaped at him, his mouth moving silently, as if Dean tried but was unable to form the words he obviously needed to share.
“Na. Let’s do this. I meant what I said, earlier. All of it. It’s just ...” Dean struggled with his words and Castiel did understand him.
“This time, when the Empty took him and Billy, Castiel didn’t die. Whereas Billy was already fatally wounded, Castiel was still alive. He had summoned the Empty and they collected their prize.”
Hesitantly, Dean let go of Cas’ right shoulder in order to cup his jaw. When his thump was brushing over Cas’ cheek, his angel finally looked up. He could pinpoint the exact moment in the endless blue eyes he had missed so much, that he loved so much, when Cas understood.
Cas also glared at Dean. “What Dean is so verbosely trying to convey is that we need you to stay here and look after Sammy and Jack while we try to hunt down the witch who did
Sully laughed heartily when Jack brought Sam a phone. “Sam, it’s Claire. She tried to call Cas but she wasn’t successful. So she tried your number. Here. Cas took it to keep it safe and put it into the War Room until you could use it again.”
Suddenly, the leviathans attacked. Two. No three. Four. Their numbers rose still, but already he had lost count. He was helpless, forced to witness the moment Dean was slaughtered by a pair of them. His eyes still resting on what was left of Dean, he didn’t even feel the teeth coming. Within a moment, everything went dark.
When Anna appeared and explained what he was experiencing were doubts he could not believe it. Never had he doubted before.
“Ladies’ Night,” Donna bellowed when she entered at Jody’s, carrying multiple shopping bags in her arms. They contained everything they would need tonight.
Dean looked up and Castiel followed his gaze towards Jack standing indecisively a few feet apart, watching their unusual behaviour and looking terribly lost. “Oh, what the ...” Dean rolled his eyes and waved at the boy, inviting him with a gesture of his hand to join them. “Hey, kiddo! Come here. This whole freaking chick-flick moment is already gone too far, anyway.” Dean grinned at Jack and then at Castiel. Before Dean welcomed the approaching boy into their group hug, the human snuggled even further into Castiel’s embrace.
“We’ve all done some serious shit over the years. Neither one of us should blame the other for screwing up time and again. It would be hypocrisy at its best. Even then, if anyone needs to apologise it should be me. Thing is, we managed to get through it, because in the end we always stood together.” It was the truth. Despite all the heartache Cas had caused him, Dean hadn’t been any better. He would never forgive himself for denying a helpless human Cas a place to stay in the bunker, leaving him out there in the wild, not realising how strange this world must have been for the angel turned human – not to mention all the other shit Dean had done to Cas during the year. Hell, Cas had fallen for him, trying to save the world, and Dean ... He winced.
“Me? Marry you?” Cas asked, full of wonder, obviously not believing what he had heard. Who could blame him?
The last months, after he had lost Cas, had been the worst he had ever experienced and had been very eye-opening. Cas’ words had forced him to reflect on himself. But most of all, he had missed him. He had missed Cas’ eyes, deep like the ocean, a vastness he wanted to lose himself in. It was a place he felt safe, a place that gave him hope. He had missed Cas’ tiny smiles when the corners of his mouth shot up. Cas just needed to smile more. Though every time he did, the sun came out from behind the clouds, lighting his inner darkness, and it gave him the feeling that there was more to life than surviving. It was a promise to a life he never had been allowed to live, a life that wasn’t his. From their very first meeting, Cas had believed in him, told him that good things did indeed happen.
Dean hadn’t believed he would do it until he saw the man outside, walking cane from the back of the ambulance in hand and expression livid.
“I’m sorry, for coming so soon when you arrived. I should’ve allowed you your distance,” Cas said. He took a few steps closer, as if to walk past Dean, but a hand shot out to grab at his trench coat again. Cas met his eyes, weary and sad, but somehow no less warm and caring.
“Yeah, no problem. Sorry,” the Other Dean agreed easily enough. I knew my brother would give me a lecture on it later, but that was fine. I was looking out for him.
“About that,” Dean said. He shot a sideways glance at Cas, who had refused to meet his eye since the Empty took Billie. “We’re down one problem, but got another one to add in its place. Cas made a deal.”
He wasn’t. Yes, he was confident that Cas would do this, but he wanted to do it as well. For the other hunters, it would be valuable to have a trained EMT on hand. Field medicine learned on hunts could only go so far. And it would make Dean feel needed. He was wanted, sure. He knew that. Stevie, Charlie, Jody, Garth, even Eileen once she’d started coming around—they all wanted him there. But he wanted to feel needed. He wanted to feel like he made a difference. Like he had something to contribute.
“So what’re you going to do now, Dean?” Stevie asked. It didn’t sound like the challenge that her story would imply it should be. He said the first thing that came to his mind.
It belatedly occurred to him as he watched the spray of shattered glass explode against the door that that probably hadn’t been the best idea. But the pounding on the door and the yelling stopped, so it was worth the pain of having to clean up broken glass later.
“Don’t go, please,” Dean whispered. He cleared his throat, shaking his head a little as he looked up to meet Cas’s eyes. “I mean, you can. I know you—you’re an Archangel,” his voice broke over the word that felt like it created a canyon between them. “You’re busy, you have, Heavenly work to do, or whatever. But. Uh, Cas.” He trailed off for a moment. Even with this news creating such distance between them, he knew if he didn’t say it now, he wouldn’t ever. “What you said, before the Empty took you—“
“Why on earth would you want me, my DNA, to give you a child? The Winchester DNA is not exactly batting a hundred. We’re all fuck ups with martyr complexes and a penchant for dying too young.”
“Funny,” Dean scowled at her. He didn’t reach out to take the crutches, earning an exhausted sigh from her as she leaned them against the table beside him.
“Nothing to interrupt,” Dean answered. He coughed to clear his throat and made his way to the fridge for a beer, still unable to catch Sam’s eye.
Dean took a shaky breath, blinking back tears as he looked up at Sam. “He uh. He said that—that happiness wasn’t in having. Just in being—in saying. Sam, he,” Dean paused, taking a breath and closing his eyes before he continued. “He said he loved me. He said he loved me, and that—loving me, saying it, that was enough, I guess. His moment of true happiness, for the Empty to come to take him.”
“You want to hold him?” Charlie asked. Without waiting for an answer, she knelt down in front fo the stroller and unstrapped the baby, scooping him carefully into her arms. “Make sure you support his head, yeah, like that,” she muttered instructions as she laid him carefully in Dean’s arms. “Hey, lil guy. This is your daddy.”
“Dean, wait,” Sam grabbed his arm, and Dean jerked away from him like he’d caught fire, glare now turned to his brother.
The weeks that followed saw too many people coming by to visit. Every new face that came through the door, that gave him that relieved sort of smile, or familiar punch on the arm, felt at the same time surprising and expected. Some part of him knew that he had people. That there were other hunters, other people that worried about him. Another part of him was angry at them for not being there on that hunt, for not being there to help him save Sam. Not that Dean had been or ever would’ve asked them for help with a damn vamp nest.
“They’re beautiful,” Eileen signed as she spoke. She’d been coming around more often lately. It was still a little awkward between her and Dean. Neither of them wanted to say that it was because seeing each other made them miss Sam, but it was a fact he was pretty sure they both understood. It was odd. He thought a mutual loss would bring them closer, but it seemed that the closer they each had been to Sam, the more it pushed them apart after he was gone.
Cas’s wings folded in on themselves until they disappeared from Dean’s view again, and Dean mourned their loss, even if the slight of them made him feel so far from Cas.
“Cas liked them?” Charlie asked. Dean nodded as they continued going through the bowl of cookie dough.
“Okay, but why not enjoy life for a while? It can be beautiful. And we’ll see them again eventually.”
With help from Stevie and Jonathan, Dean’s sobriety found itself on something of a steady track again. And Claire’s name found itself on the growing list of people Dean had failed. He tried not to focus on the list too much. Sammy needed him, and he refused to let her name join theirs. That, more than anything, was what helped set him straight.
Charlie’s expression turned sad for barely a split second, then it was determined. “Fine, I’ll leave,” she said.
“I didn’t say it to make you uncomfortable,” Cas cut him off. “I didn’t say it with any expectation of reciprocity, or a response at all. You don’t need to say anything.”
Dean turned and followed him, unable and unwilling to wipe the smile from his lips as they walked inside. As soon as the door opened, a familiar song started to play, and Dean couldn’t help but laugh.
Claire had volunteered to help him move into a new place, a townhouse he’d found a little further from the rest of the hunters in town, but still an easy enough drive. He knew he would need more space, and the townhouse offered what he needed. Claire had helped him paint and set up the nursery. Stevie had helped him baby proof everything in the place. He was more anxious than he thought he would be, but every time he went over the Charlie and Stevie’s house and spent more time with the twins, the more certain he was.
Still, it would mean another human, another Winchester, even if not in name, running around. He dropped onto the couch, face in his hands as he ran over the possibility in his mind. He could see a young Sam, looking up at him with bright eyes. He saw Jack, heard his odd questions, remembered teaching him how to work on cars and load a gun. He remembered Claire, how it hadn’t been that long ago that he’d been ready to murder some creepy biker guy that she’d described as “grabby.” She could take care of herself, he’d known that even then. It still didn’t stop the feeling of protectiveness he’d felt towards her, still did. Could he really handle having a little version of himself running around?
Dean didn’t know what he was supposed to say. He hadn’t expected any of this, and hadn’t even thought about how he was going to tell Sam, much less how Sam would respond. So he didn’t say anything, he just reached up, wrapping his arms around his brother in a tight hug. Sam had that bright, stupid smile on his face when he pulled away, drawing an involuntary smile from Dean as well, even as he shoved Sam’s shoulder before turning to leave. “Thanks, Sammy,” he said, mostly because he knew he should, and if he didn’t say it now, he wasn’t going to.
Crystal blue eyes peered back at us, shifting from my brother to me and back, confusion etched across his features. The Other Dean slapped a hand against his back. “Why don’t you go make sure Jack’s alright?” The Other Dean suggested, his smile clearly forced as he spoke. He nodded, turning away from us and starting towards the hallway.
Cas’s smile slipped and his eyes dropped to the ground. Dean almost apologized, almost took back the words, if it would replace Cas’s smile. But he needed an answer. He had been miserable, he’d been—There were days he hadn’t thought he’d make it through. Days he hadn’t wanted to. And if Cas had been there? Those days would’ve been a hell of a lot easier.
“A lot of shit that I shouldn’t have,” Dean answered, eyes dropping to the floor, picking out a loose thread in the rug to stare at. “I couldn’t let him be happy. If he was happy, the Empty would take him. I said— Damnit, Sam. We have to break this deal. We have to get him out of this—“
It felt good to drive again, to be out of the bunker. It made everything feel less real. Less permanent. If he wasn’t at the bunker, then Cas and Sam could be there. Just waiting for him. If he wasn’t there, then they weren’t gone.
He left her in the kitchen, the bread he’d gotten out in a pitiful attempt to make a sandwich forgotten on the counter. He wasn’t hungry. He just needed away. He made it as far as the porch steps before he dropped to the ground, arms resting on his knees, eyes closed as he tried to take a few shaky breaths. He just needed to breathe. Away from Charlie, away from everything.
He wasn’t sure if Sam said anything else. It sounded like an ocean roaring in his ears as he pushed past Sam, his legs carrying him at a sprint through the bunker. It belated occurred to him that he should’ve asked Sam where Jack and Cas were, but he stopped dead when his feet reached the entryway.
“They loved you,” Charlie said, and that felt like the worst thing she could’ve said. They did. And it was what got Cas killed. And Sam—hell, Sam wouldn’t even be hunting at all if it wasn’t for Dean. He should have a win and kids and a white picket fence. A real apple pie life. So yeah, his brother loving him had gotten that dork killed too.
“I’m sorry.” Jonathan let go of his arms slowly, as if ready to grab Dean if he lunged forward to try again. He didn’t. He stayed frozen on the sidewalk, staring at the woman, the hunter that the little girl he’d known had grown into. The girl he hadn’t been able to save.
Standing in there, now two weeks after everything—a week after Jack had left, Dean’s eyes traced the wall. Sam had cleaned up the glass shards from the beer bottle Dean had thrown at the wall last night. Just like he’d cleaned it up every time it happened. The stained splatter of the small amount of liquid left in the bottles still decorated the wall. Dark spots of beer soaked into the cracks.
Dean huffed a short laugh, shaking his head as he looked down at the porch, eyes tracing the wood grain in the step under his feet as her words twisted around his mind. He felt her squeeze his hand once more and he loosened his grip so she could pull away.
It was an odd, functional little family. Charlie was Mom, Stevie was Mama, Dean was Dad. The babies were half siblings, and raised almost as if they all had two homes, spending days in one home or the other, or sometimes with Eileen or Garth. Even Claire had volunteered for a babysitting day on occasion. There was rarely a day during those first several years that the kids spent apart.
“Stay, please,” he said quietly. His thumb traced a line along Cas’s cheekbone, feeling the way the muscles moved under his skin when Cas smiled up at him.
“Hey Dean, can you help me with—Shit, sorry,” Sam’s hurried voice broke off at the same time that Dean stumbled back away from Cas, facing burning and gaze unable to meet his brother’s.
“But he’s—he’s right there. He’s just—he’s alive, Sam. He’s alive in there.” Dean’s voice from frantic, panicked in a way I hadn’t hard in a long time. He was shaking, I could see even in the shadows of the darkness. I reached out for his shoulders and turned him to face me.
Heaven was close enough to perfect, but he wasn’t about to rush anyone. They would find their way there eventually. And this—This was perfect for now.
He retired not long after Sammy finished high school and left for college in New York. He tried to help a couple of the newer hunters—hell, even the hunters he considered young and been hunting for a couple decades—run point on lore and information, fielding phone calls. But it had been so long since he’d been in the game that most of the new tech and security protocols needed to fake an FBI badge or phone call were outside of his expertise.
When they broke apart, Dean didn’t pull far away, just far enough that he could look into the bright blue eyes staring back at him.
“Cas summoned it,” Dean answered. “So it took Billie, end of story.” Not end of the story, but close enough.
The Other Dean looked as confused as I would’ve expected of him, having pieced together what I had from the last several minutes. “Yeah, sure,” the Other Dean agreed as though he wasn’t sure what he was agreeing to, but just wanted us out.
His face crumpled and he collapsed against me. I wrapped my arms around him tight. For years growing up, he had been the strong one for me. In these years since Castiel’s death, it’s been my turn to be the strong one.
“No, not really,” Dean muttered. Dean scrubbed a hand over his face, wishing they would be gone when he opened his eyes, and this had been some weirdly vivid dream. They weren’t, and it wasn’t. “Can I uh—Can I have a day or two to think about it?”
“Interstate entrance is just up there.” She fell silent, and he did as well. For at least an hour until Charlie said she was hungry and they pulled off to find somewhere to get lunch.
back,” Sam admitted. Dean felt himself—not relax, more just drop. His shoulders fell, his head dropped, his grip on the bottle loosened a little.
“I do, though,” Dean said. “Cas, I didn’t—You’re a frickin’ angel. Or you were, now you’re an Archangel. I didn’t think you could feel love, not the way that humans do. I never thought that you might—“ He broke off, closing his eyes. His hand dropped from Cas’s sleeve. “Things are different now, I get that. You’re an Archangel, and I’m just a fucked up human that only made it into Heaven cause I’m on a first name basis with the new God. If you don’t still feel the same way, if you
“Fuck, Sam. I wish you were here,” Dean muttered to himself. It almost felt like a prayer, but he still didn’t say Cas’s name. Some small part of him worried that Cas could hear him, and he wasn’t sure what he was supposed to say if he could. “I don’t know how to do this, man. You’re better at this. The whole apple-pie life thing. I can’t do this. I don’t—I don’t know how. Damnit. I was finally—I was finally okay with this, I think. With you being gone, with Cas—“ he broke off, dropping his head, chin to his chest as he let out a shaky breath. “But this, man. I don’t know.”
“It’s over. No more deal?” Dean asked. He needed clarification. He needed to be sure. He heard footsteps, and glanced past Jack to see Cas, confusion laced with annoyance across his features.
“You want me to what?” Charlie asked. The six month old twins were playing on a mat on the floor, shaking plastic key rings and pushing buttons on toys that made animal sounds.
“Remember when Chuck showed me the future? Our future, if we trapped him?” Sam asked. Dean only raised his eyebrows, silently telling Sam to continue because that small explanation made no sense. “Well, in it, we lost Cas. He took the Mark and it—You had to lock him in the Malach box.” He fell silent, and Dean was grateful for the moment to process what he was saying.  He had been scared about Cas taking the Mark, but—the Malach box? Would it have really come to that? He’d thought Cas would be able to handle it. He was an angel. Surely he could’ve handled it better than Dean could.
“No idea what you’re talking about,” Dean responded. “I’ll help you go through the list tomorrow, alright? I’m tired, I think I’m just gonna—“
With only the pounding in his head, it was easier to make his way to the stairs, grabbing onto the banister and using it to pull himself up the stairs, one by one. It took him the amount of time necessary to climb the stairs to forget about the broken glass.
“Then I’m happy for you,” he said. “Have you decided how? Are you going to foster, or adopt, or go to one of those anonymous sperm donor places?”
“Dean, look at me,” Cas’s voice was softer and closer than before. When Dean opened his eyes, his breath caught in his throat. Cas was less than a foot in front of him, his eyes glistening, his smile warm and gentle. It was the same look on his face just before the Empty came and took him. The same look that had haunted Dean’s dreams and nightmares for years. Dean reflexively reached out to grab onto the front of his coat, as if that could stop him from disappearing again. “I meant every word that I said. You are incredible, the most amazing human I’ve ever known. You changed me. You made me a better person. I learned to love, from you. And I love you, for that and so many other reasons. And nothing, not Heaven, or Jack, or the Empty, or becoming an Archangel, can change that.”
“Not a chance,” the Other Dean answered. He pressed his lips together, gaze averted to the side for a moment as though he were trying to figure out how to say what he wanted to. He didn’t have as firm a grasp on talking through emotions as had been instilled in my brother and I. That made a lot of other things make sense, now that I thought about it. “Look, I get it,” he said. I knew he didn’t, but he was looking at Dean, so I didn’t interrupt. “I thought I lost Cas a few times.” Cas? That seemed like such an odd, trivial nickname. He was a powerful and magnificent angel—to call him by something that seemed so normal, so human, felt disrespectful. But respect didn’t seem to be a well-instilled value in this other world. “And man, it almost broke me. It did break me. But he always came back. And hell, Cas is a bleeding heart. I’m sure wherever you end up, he’ll zap over and check up on you on occasion.”
“As long as you want me around,” Cas answered. He leaned up to press another chaste kiss against Dean’s lips, pulling a smile from the ex-hunter. Dean kissed him again, longer and deeper this time, savoring the freedom that he had to kiss the angel—Archangel—that stood in front of him.
“Shit,” Dean breathed as they drew closer. Jonathan had barely pulled to a stop before Dean was out of the ambulance, running towards the splay of familiar blonde hair on the concrete. “No, no, no. Claire? Claire! Can you hear?” She was still warm, but her pulse was weak and she wasn’t breathing. A gash in her leg was spilling blood over the sidewalk. Eileen pulled Kaia back, and Dean could distantly hear her telling the younger woman to give them room to work.
Dean was admittedly a little nervous just going through the application process. The background check would test Dean Turner’s alias more than anything else he’d done, but Charlie was a rockstar, and he was accepted easily. Bad days came, but they were fewer and further between.
Jonathan managed to drag him to a meeting. An honest-to-Jack AA meeting. Dean had no idea how his life had ended up there, but somehow it had. It was more than a little weird hearing people talk about God, praying to a God that Dean had met. The weird thing was that the God they thought they were praying to, for all intents and purposes, was probably Chuck. But he was a shit God. There was some comfort in the knowledge that Jack would be better. There was less comfort in the knowledge that he was staying hands off when people asked for his help. But they seemed to get help from somewhere, so Dean chalked it up to a holy placebo.
Dean spent the next nine months accompanying Charlie to medical appointments, staring in awe and disbelief at ultrasounds, and waking up at three in the morning to go to the 24/7 drugstore to pick up whatever odd snack foods Charlie was craving. It was usually a weirdly specific flavor of ice cream, or caramel filled chocolates.
For the second time since losing the people closest to him, Dean considered praying to Cas. It wouldn’t matter, he still couldn’t hear Dean. He wasn’t getting out of the Empty. He would’ve come back already if he had. Besides, he was pretty sure he’d used up his already exceedingly high number of resurrections that he’d been granted this lifetime.
“I smoked a cigar,” she answered. His eyes shot up to hers, and he watched an amused smirk curl at her lips.
“Okay, so that’s one problem. Now we just have to deal with Chuck, and get the rest of the planet back. Easy,” Sam said, his usual hopeful smile falling with every word.
The Other Castiel reached out, putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder. I’m not sure if only he and I were close enough to hear the way Dean’s breath caught. The Other Dean stood further away, arms crossed over his chest. The Other Castiel though—he seemed to understand something that the Other Dean didn’t. They didn’t say anything, but after a moment the Other Castiel tore his gaze away to looked back at the Other Dean. “I’ll go check on Jack.” He didn’t catch my eye again, but glanced briefly at my brother before he turned away and headed down the hallway, towards where the Other Sam had taken the boy, Jack.
