But he didn’t have an envelope in his hand; she must be walking too quickly. She bit her lip and slowed her gait, waiting for him to pick up her envelope.
The meal was subdued, but that was also becoming expected. Part of the problem was that Tony was usually the spring of their good humor, or at least the thread tying them all together. He was no longer either. Even with Thor’s exuberant contributions, their conversation floundered in uncertainty more often than not. And furthermore, Tony was actually responding in ways very unlike his usual self: he laughed at the wrong jokes, responded to the wrong people, and threw everything off-balance throughout the meal, to the point where it became impossible to overlook.
“Tony wouldn’t have given up just because you yelled at him to go away,” he pointed out. “That’s kind of Tony’s specialty.”
They arrived at the old castle early the next evening, after just a few brief stops to allow the horses a rest and for them to eat a small meal or two. They rode right up to the edifice this time, perhaps foolishly, but even Natasha’s protests fell short compared to the desperation to find their friend.
“Tony,” the guy said yet again, turning his hands so that his palms faced upwards and spread out slightly. “Don’t freak out. It’s me. It’s Steve, I’m Steve, I swear.”
“Fiancée?” Nia asked again, mumbling into his ear. “Really, Ty?”
, you stubborn ass, I don’t care if it’s legal or not—”
The last conversation he’d had with Tony echoed in his mind, louder and louder with every step he took. He had thrown Tony’s confession in his face - carelessly rejected his brave admission of love. That… that simply could not be the final time they spoke. He refused to allow those fearful,
she had always been. She saw a collection of her parents’ traits, jumbled together awkwardly, in a way she’d never grown into. She had her mother's hair-- dark and fine and wavy, falling into loose curls around her shoulders, her mother’s golden-brown skin and fine bone structure, and her father's sharp nose, too large for her face, and his greyish-blue eyes.
“Steve,” Sam warned.
“I lost my cap,” she muttered.
For a moment, she was somewhere else. She was in pain; she saw blurry faces hovering over her, and they were talking about something...she made out a few words, made out the phrase, “madman,” followed by, “what have you
“Is there any truth to the rumor that your assignment was postponed because of a quarrel between your parents?”
This caused Natasha to reach right over Sam to smack Clint on the back of his head, while Pepper stared at him incredulously. At this point, Steve was still trying to understand what was happening. That swan… the swan who had been so desperately trying to get Clint’s attention, the one Steve had hidden from around the corner and smirked at, in his triumph and joy at finding – at
“You have given us a great deal, Your Highness,” she demurred, bowing slightly in thanks. “And even if there was nothing else, you have given us renewed hope.”
“Fuck you, Ty,” Nia spat into the phone. She was hot; her face was red. She could feel her breath getting heavy. She looked at her mother, who was watching impassively, and her stomach turned at the thought that Maria might have any clue what Ty was saying. She knew Maria couldn’t hear, but she wondered if her own reaction, if her body language was giving it away.
“What he’s
going up in the air. There wasn’t any question of it; everyone
Their closest neighbor across the central Sea of Midgard, the small kingdom of Menahahte, proved to be their greatest ally in the years following the plague; sending workers for shares of the produce and establishing promises of future trade. King Howard of Menahahte was known for his brilliance – but was often used as a cautionary tale against a dependence on machinery and invention. The pollution from his production mills and other such advancements had cost his kingdom much of its arable land, but Lord Fury was able to trade his plentiful food for King Howard’s expertise, elaborate gifts, and designs.
Nia shook her head. “I thought it was because one of you had an ancestor named Anthony or Antonio or something.”
“I said
The second thing he wondered was what animal he had been turned into.
to puke, not that I
That summer seemed to go by quicker than previous ones for Steve, possibly because he was busy most of his afternoons now, with Tony.
"You must know I can't approve of what you've done."
“WAKE UP!” she shouted. The echoes doubled, now, crescendoing over each other, louder and louder instead of fading away.
“I feel like that’s probably a matter of public record,” Carol said cheerily. Her hair was pinned back perfectly, shining gold in the sun, her cap under one arm.
“My Lord,” he said smoothly. “I have never met that madman before, and I certainly know nothing about magic. I assure you—”
Nia dove, swimming back through that fluid, which became thicker and thicker, like jelly, as she fought against it, and finally, with an enormous exertion, caught the person by the back of their collar, and heaved them up to the surface.
Which was new, and a bit alarming. Who’d have thought?
“Oh,” the guy said tightly. “Oh.”
“N--”  Nia started to say, and  then realized she hadn’t shed the jacket she had worn into Steve’s room. “Uh. Yeah,” she said, tugging at the lapels. “Uh. I couldn’t sleep. I wanted to check out his vitals, you know, uh...familiarize myself with the case?”
A large shadow swooped in; Obie's arm at her back once more, and his huge hand covering the microphone. "Are you trying to get arrested?" He asked, sounding more amused than anything.
Tony blinked at him, then grinned. “I hate it when people tell me that.”
And then the sun set.
She heard a door open, and then footsteps, but she couldn't see past the yellow sheet.
The man frowned, his lips drawing into a sneer. “Hardly.” Tony had a brief moment of relief before the stranger quickly crushed it back down. “I would not take you into my idiot brother’s domain, not with the use I have for you.”
It had been a long succession of weeks that Steve and his friends—with the unforgettable new addition of Thor—had been strategically combing the land around Natasha’s castle in ever-increasing rings. Now that they knew who they were looking for, now that they had an actual physical description of the man responsible for so much misery, their search was making strides. A simple sketch of Loki, done by Steve with Thor’s prompting, had been traced and posted in every major town in the kingdom, which had eventually drummed up a confirmed sighting not far from Kingstown. To Steve’s horror, it was less than a day’s ride from the castle. So terribly close, all along.
Nia stepped back out of the way. “I said I
Natasha went rigid for a split second before shoving Steve back and out of her way, reaching over to her would-be husband, and grabbing the chain around his neck just visible beneath his fine shirt. With no further ado, she dragged the heavy amulet up and over his head. Steve had one quick moment to notice that it was definitely not the same amulet as the one Thor had given Tony – and then the spell it had been enchanted with broke. The entire assembly of the great hall seemed to inhale as one, before the shouts of confusion and outrage began to ring out in instant riot.
“You believe then that Loki is keeping Tony prisoner,” Natasha clarified, to which Thor nodded. “Do you know where they may be?”
She stared at him, then shook her head. “I thought you hated bullies.”
words to be the last he ever gave to Tony. He would not have to live on with his last memory of Tony’s voice being one of anger and pain.
Nia shrugged. "It's okay. I can walk with Ty. We sit next to each other, anyway."
Steve choked.
Tony knew better than to comment on that, as he’d already learned that the topic of Steve’s absent best friend was to be left alone as much as humanly possible. With a veritable petting zoo of triggers and anxieties of his own, Tony readily let Steve have his privacy there.
“Your assignment,” answered Obie. “Everyone’s trying to guess where you’ll go.”
“I work for no-one, fool,” the stranger spat, taking a menacing step forward.
Loki wanted his blood. For what purpose Tony could not say, but it hardly took a genius of his caliber to deduce that whatever Loki wanted his blood for would not be beneficial to anybody but the traitor himself. So he refused. Time and again, Tony refused.
Nia went stiff, her shoulders twitching. She shuffled her way back to the sofa, her feet feeling like lead weights.
He glared. “I do! That's why—”
“He’ll kill me!” Hammer whimpered, at which point Steve could no longer hold back a noise of anger, like a feral growl in the back of his throat.
The prince led them to a set of stairs which they ascended in short order, then along a long corridor down into one of the wings of the palace. Judging by the way the traffic of other people disappeared entirely in this part of the palace, Natasha presumed it was the private residence of the royal family. They remained largely silent at first, until Clint commented on some of the ancient suits of armor lining the walls, at which point he and Thor began discussing the topic of what did and did not fall under the category of ‘too much’ armor. They discovered that Thor wore nothing more than wide-link chain mail upon his arms in battle, preferring the freedom of movement to the protection of plating, and Thor discovered that Clint had never worn metal armor in his life, to the prince’s clear shock.
“That guy’s a real you-know-what, isn’t he?” Nancy asked.
Tony, splayed out on his back on the couch, was staring sideways at him in what looked like utter shock. Once Steve stopped speaking, Tony got his elbows beneath him and pushed himself up into a sitting position, but not once breaking eye contact with Steve.
“So little faith,
of reports that you don’t get any work done when you have the opportunity to stare at my butt.”
He shrugged. “Of course, they
“I look forward to hearing all about it over coffee.”
Then what? The grinding, stinging pain of the transformation had taken up in his body like it had replaced the marrow of his bones, and then there was the knife to contend with. The great hall where the wedding was being held was a steep uphill trek from this storehouse.
Tony had mostly grown out of his terrible childhood temperament and manners, though he was always ready to cause mischief, and it seemed—ludicrously—to be
thought so, Nia,” she replied.
“No, you don't,” Tony informed him, sitting up as straight as he could without wincing. He would stand, if he thought he would not immediately collapse from pain and weakness. “My people will come for me, make no mistake.”
“I know no such thing,” Steve retorted, swinging his legs off the chaise and standing abruptly, all but shoving Tony away from him to do so. “You can’t deny it, Tony, I was there the whole time.”
She climbed into the steamy bath, bringing her father’s folder with her, and submerged the papers under nearly-scalding hot water until all the ink ran off, until the fibers of the paper came apart and turned into pulpy mush, and then she mashed them all into a cube, which she went about making very precise. She found the shaping of the paper into a three-dimensional object somehow satisfying, and she was certain, now, that the schema were lost to everyone but her.
He tensed. “You say I'm the fool, and yet you’re the one who only wanted me after I became attractive to you.”
Now, not quite eighteen, she put her cap on her head, using bobby pins to affix it-- not perfectly straight, but a little to one side, a little bit jaunty, a little cavalier. She smoothed the front of her jacket. There was a wide, blank space on the placket, where her star would go, the star that signified that she had graduated and become a full-fledged member of UNITY.
He looked so certain – but sounded so unsure, and Steve wanted to kiss his frown away.
It was at the midday meal that Steve finally saw Tony. Bucky was eating with Sir Alexander on the fields, as usual, and Sam had elected to stay with the falconer since he had brought himself a packed meal. Steve considered not attending the grand dinner, but ultimately decided that he would not allow Prince Tony to turn him into a coward. As he took his customary seat at the second trestle table, he saw Natasha glaring at him from the first table, and felt a pulse of anger at Tony for tattling. Tony, conversely, did not look at Steve once for the entire meal. After the dinner, Steve grabbed his satchel from the floor at his feet and made a break for the woods, where he planned to hide in the trees with his sketchbook until further notice.
It wasn't okay, but it was graduation. She was supposed to be an adult. She'd be leaving home as soon as she got her assignment, and it wasn't the first time her parents had missed something important. She sucked in a breath, straightened her cap, kissed Aunt Peggy on the cheek, and squared her shoulders, starting back for her friends.
Tony stares at him for a little while in silence, wondering how they had gotten to this point so quickly and so easily. For him, it was just about unheard-of. It must all be Steve.
Feeling childish again with Tony’s hand resting on his head that way, Steve shook it off like a disgruntled hound – and Tony lurched back as though he’d been burned, returning his hand to its partner behind his back. His eyes were wide and Steve had the feeling he was missing something yet again.
Nia felt as if her heart had stopped. “Wh--”  She started, but she couldn’t speak. She cringed, her knees locking up, and she turned away from her mother, so Maria couldn’t see her face.
He was not too proud to admit that he had led a charmed life as a prince, sole heir to the throne of a small but very wealthy kingdom, and it was no exaggeration to say that never before in his life had he felt a pain even marginally approaching that of shifting between the two bodies.
"I'll think about it," Howard had said, sounding defeated.
James gave him a sideways grin. “Then call me Bucky.”
“Nia!” Obie exclaimed. “Your father’s in?”
What she did know was that they had stopped speaking-- at least, they’d stopped speaking around her-- and they avoided being in the same place, if they could. They split the house in two, right down the middle, with a dividing line painted in silver down the center of the dining room floor.
Tony peered helplessly around Bucky at the sound of Steve’s voice, and almost forgot about his nervousness when he caught sight of the other man.
His bravado evaporated immediately when the guard carefully combing down his garments in search of a concealed knife or other such weapon stopped while patting against his coat, just at the bottom of his ribs. The guard unbuttoned the coat enough to reach inside, into an interior pocket of the garment, and drew out a fist-sized object wrapped in a dark handkerchief. Without unwrapping it, he turned to face his princess and gently, carefully lifted away the fabric so that she could see.
“Why are you so scared?” he demanded one evening, as they prepared for sleep.
“You are a fool,” Natasha snapped and –
Loki snarled, tightening his grip and cutting Tony off with an involuntary yelp. “I would tear your beloved Steven’s head from his shoulders if it would still permit you to agree freely, you insolent child. Take heart that this, and only this, is what will prevent me from slowly and agonizingly killing each and every person you care about to enforce your compliance.”
Jim caught her looking at him, or looking in his direction, to be precise, her vision moving in and out of focus as she played back memories in her head.
, Steve got over the shock of being outside pretty quickly.
"Good to see you awake, Miss Stark," said a masculine voice.
Eventually, he returned his sketchbook to the satchel over his shoulder and made the short uphill trek back to the castle in Natasha’s footsteps. After depositing the satchel in his room, he traipsed reluctantly back through the halls until he was outside the door to Tony’s chambers again. He knocked morosely, hoping that Tony was somewhere else…
,” Nia said.
Still, he would rather Natasha than any of the noble girls here, who laughed at him and never knew what he was talking about and just
“As for why he may have targeted the Starks, I fear there may be little more at work than the fact that Prince…
Miss Carter was the daughter of the castle steward, but everyone knew she had more to do with the running of the castle than anyone else. She was very smart, and very beautiful, and Steve was hopelessly in love from the first time he laid eyes on her. She was a little older than him, but he did not care about that. He was in love, and a trifle like the twelve year age difference was not going to keep him from her side.
She opened her eyelids just slightly, so that her eyelashes were still brushing against each other, and turned the knob.
Steve held him closer to his chest, kissing his hair despite the frankly terrible pondy smell of it, and Tony pressed right back, not wanting to be separate from Steve any more than Steve was willing to let him go.
Clint slammed both his palms down on the table, hard enough to rattle the cutlery. “Thor. Could you disguise a person as something not a person, you know, with magic?”
Once Lord Fury had retreated out of the courtyard and back into the castle, followed by most of the staff that had come out for Prince Tony’s official welcome, Natasha dropped her princess persona and dove forwards with glee. Tony was relieved to have his friend in his arms once again, since he missed her furiously when he went back to Menahahte. He forgot about the two strange boys for a moment, burying his face in her red-blonde hair and grinning.
The first wisps of early morning light were just visible over the trees as Nia made her way, groggily, up to bed, and flopped down on top of her sheets.
And so Steve was officially conferred the duties of a squire, and set about training with the others in earnest. Sir Alexander had three existing squires, including Bucky, all of whom had the significant advantage on Steve of having been raised all—or at least most—of their lives with the expectation that they would become squires one day. Still, Steve had been raised alongside Bucky for the most part, and Bucky was a bit of a determined follower of rules, so Steve had that advantage, at least. In addition, Steve had gained a great deal of height over the previous year, remaining comfortably even with Bucky though his friend was a year older. But he still lacked the muscle mass of the other squires, and
The robotic man disappeared behind the curtain, and then reappeared with a transparent box, a box that had tubes and wires running in and out of it. He set it down on the small table next to Nia’s bed, just between Nia and the screen in his chest, obscuring her vision of her mother.
Nia hesitated. “Uh. Okay,” she replied, and she stood in front of him, shifting from foot to foot. “This,” he said, holding out a tiny metal capsule.
Howard had tapped at the desk, the. Looked at her, his brow furrowed. "Do you know what you want to study?"
“The situation’s escalated since I spoke to you,” Yinsen said, beginning to walk. “I’ll fill you in on the way.”
Now, here they were, that fated day, the day Jim and Carol really
Steve obligingly took the lead, and fought down the insistence of his heart that he take Tony’s hand. He wanted to thread his fingers through Tony’s and feel their distinctive patterns of callouses from his work in the forge, and in the mystical Workshop he spoke of in his home castle. He wanted to lift that hand to his mouth and kiss each of its knuckles, the pads of Tony’s fingers, the center of his palm; press his lips to the pulse point on the inside of Tony’s wrist and see if the skin there was as soft as it had always looked.
He whispered Steve’s name and the man came striding over. He gathered Tony in an eclipsing hug and Tony just soaked it in for a moment.
By far the most adamant of the petitioners for her hand was Lord Obadiah Stane, the newly-appointed regent of Menahahte, who claimed quite logically that in the tragic instance of the king and crown prince’s deaths, the contract of her betrothal to Tony should fall upon Stane as the new ruler of his lands. Natasha had received missives and messengers to this effect on a near-constant basis since the end of the mourning period. However, she insisted that while the prescribed period of mourning may have passed, her personal one for the loss of a dear childhood friend was only just beginning.
It was Tony. Drenched, streaming water from his long, grown-out hair and sodden shirt, but it was Tony. He stood thigh-deep in the lake, staring at them as they gaped back at him, and then he was moving.
She punched him in the face.
“You’re going to feel like that for a while.”
Steve retained just enough presence of mind to press another kiss against Tony’s temple, lingering for longer than he had intended, before releasing Tony and letting him be dragged into Natasha’s arms. Neither of them said a word, just standing there with Natasha’s face pressed into the crook of Tony’s shoulder, while he buried his nose in her her hair and unashamedly clung to her just as tightly as she did to him. Steve felt bereft instantly at the loss, and Thor stepped in close to put a hand on Steve’s shoulder, as if he could feel Steve’s distress at letting Tony out of his arms.
and put it in the world. And I should have known what it would do. Steve Rogers laid down his
Nia hurried after Nancy, her heels clicking on the marble floor of the lobby. They walked the entire length of the expansive room, and then outside, onto a patio lit with bright globes that seemed to float in midair. Nia tilted her head to watch them, curiously, trying to figure out how they were suspended, when she realized that the patio was empty, apart from her and her escort.
“Nonetheless, Mister Secretary,” the man said. “Director Osborn insisted.”
“Put that away,” Howard instructed. “Keep it on you; don’t let it out of your sight. It means ‘priceless.’”
“Yeah,” Tony agreed. “Well, okay. Uh. I’m Tony.”
if you get another Doctor Banner. More likely, you get another
“My parents are furious,” Ty answered. “Of course. We all
“It’s a lot easier to believe the stories out here,” Yinsen answered, seriously.
And to find out for certain, they would either have to ask very kindly and hope the royal representative of Asgard with whom they were soon meeting was accommodating – or else they would have to sneak into one of the most heavily guarded and technologically advanced buildings in the nine realms, break into their records vault, and find out by those means, or perhaps kidnap and torture the information out of someone. Though neither Natasha nor Clint were shy of hard work, there was a definite appeal to at least
he escaped,” Clint shouted right back. “Until we know whether or not he escaped before the attack, he's no more likely the culprit than the other two! All I know is that he made his alleged escape ‘recently’,” He threw his hands in the air. “That could mean he escaped last month, Steve, I don't know!”
The swan hissed at him and dove in to peck at the crook of his knee.
But that first wedding night was nothing at all like Steve had expected. After the evening ceremony, the newlyweds had been escorted to the king’s chambers and promptly left to their own devices. As it turned out, Bucky and Natasha had—allegedly—been more adult and had more conversations about the issue of post-marital bedroom activities than
She gritted her teeth, vowing to ask Howard what was going on, later, when something rapped at the window of her car. Startled, she looked up, to see a wide-eyed child peering in, jogging to keep up with them. She thought it was a boy, but she couldn’t quite be sure.
else. But his rational mind knew that would never be possible, and no matter how torn he was, reason still won out most of the time. And besides, if Tony had to marry anyone else, it should be Natasha, their dearest friend. Steve did not feel so much that he had to share Tony with Natasha, but rather that they were all already sharing each other, and for Tony and Natasha to marry made little difference to that dynamic.
Natasha beckoned them forwards, then stepped back. “Tony, these are my friends. James,”—She gestured to the brunet—“and Steve.” She flapped a hand needlessly at the grimacing blond. “This is Tony.”
“Was there I saw it, Highness. Looked like a battle’d been fought ‘pon the road. The trees were smokin’ even in the rain, Highness, burned like a been struck with lightnin’. Whole grove of ‘em missin’ on the edge of the ravine, Highness, I daren’t go no closer with the road in such state. Scuffed marks on the groun’, an’… looked like somethin’ big fell right o’er the cliff, Highness. I came’s fast as I could to tell ye. Somethin’ dangerous out in the royal forest this night, Highness.”
But then along with the setting sun came the same pain of the first transformation, and he thought for the first time that he might have wished Loki had just cursed him to remain eternally winged. The pain did not end, this time. The transformation was stalled mid-way, pulsing agony flooding his body with no result. Once more, the lake was his only relief – dragging the horror of this transformation down to a dull roar throughout his body, and letting it follow through on its shape-shifting threat. But it was nothing like the spasming nightmare of remaining off the lake's surface.
Pepper’s hand landed on Thor’s shoulder in breathless relief, and she pressed a quick kiss of gratitude into his hair.
It was a good monster costume, but there was no way it was better than Steve’s! Well, if you thought he was wearing a costume, anyway. Steve was
She shuddered. The room was pure darkness; she couldn’t see a thing except for some pale lights blinking in green and blue and red and white along the wall to the right. She supposed it was unlikely the door was in that wall, so she put her hands out and slid her feet along the floor, slowly and carefully so as not to slam into anything, and moved in the direction of the wall opposite the window.
Nia threw her hands up. “Ask my parents,” she retorted. “They’re too busy quarreling to tell me anything.”
Tony and Steve remained alone together in the room in silence, and Tony was all but ready to make like the rest of them and flee like a frightened partridge, when Steve sighed expansively and peeled himself from the large armchair he had been sitting in. Tony was seated on the floor in front of one of the low chaises, where Natasha had been preening his hair with her fingers, so there was a brief moment before Steve sat on the opposite chaise that he was towering over Tony. Never before had Tony thought to be nervous around Steve, but the other man was much larger than Tony, far stronger, trained in combat, and—most unnervingly—not acting at all like himself.
It was the greatest summer ever.
“Right,” Clint nodded. “You wouldn’t need to throw us off—”
He stopped.
By the time Tony arrived at the storeroom door, the chilly day had morphed into a cold evening, with a wind picking up that he’d had to fight almost the entire way from his lake. He was exhausted, and probably late, though he had no way of telling the time. He only hoped that whichever of his friends was supposed to meet him here was still waiting.
Ty rolled his eyes. “She said it’s disgusting,” he informed Jim.
Tony blanched slightly, realizing that his need to talk at a gallop when he was afraid had steered him right into the path of a terrible trick.
“Your mother is an extraordinarily talented woman,” Obie agreed. “The leaps and bounds she’s made in organ transplant technology, in prosthetics...it’s just as incredible as Howard’s work. I think you’ll make your parents proud whichever direction you go.”
“Buck,” Steve gasped, strangled, and heaved his weight forward to kneel at his friend’s head, brushing muck away from Bucky's face as gently as he could. “Buck, it’s Steve, can you hear me?”
“Tony!” Steve yelped, pushing the man back and holding him at arm’s length to stare at him, wide-eyed.
Nothing. There was nothing wrong with Tony. “You're supposed to… you… you know—you're supposed to…”
“Are your ‘higher functions’ up yet?”
“Nn… nuh—” Bucky said, and this time he was clearly trying to form words.
But this particular situation? “Me neither.” Coffee in the dead hours of the morning with his arachnophobic and unbelievably cheeky neighbor? Definitely breaking new ground.
Tony started for the door, then reeled to a stop and looked back at Steve. “Why don’t you lead the way, big guy?”
The summer Tony did not visit, Steve discovered Peggy Carter, and forgot all about his love for Natasha.
“Steve, when will you learn that all my ideas are good ones? Ask anyone!” He paused, relaxing his grip on Steve’s arm ever so slightly. “Except Rhodey. Don’t ask Rhodey. Actually, I’m not sure I ever want you talking to Rhodey, he knows too—”
Clint gave Steve an incredulous look. “Do I look like a sorcerer? The only thing I recognized was notebooks—and jars I wouldn’t touch if you paid me in gold bullion—and more notebooks.”
“Oh my god,” Steve said in a strangled whisper.
“Tony!” Steve interrupted, urgently.
“Nobody knows that,” Ty answered. “I was reviewing the footage. Your expressions are priceless. At the end, you begged me to fuck you. Begged and begged, and I didn’t give it to you till you called yourself a whore, told me you were filthy and didn’t deserve it. I think the public would really, really enjoy seeing that side of you, don’t you?”
Steve, of course, had the more personal joy that it all meant Tony would be visiting again this summer.
“...night,” she continued, swallowing hard.
She supposed it was the journalist in him: he was born to it, the only child of the great defenders of the Fourth Estate, Ty had been raised by the people who had done the most to keep the press from being dismantled when UNITY came to power. There had been arguments that negative press could hurt the fledgling government, but it had been the Stones who championed the free press, even at great risk to themselves, and Ty had grown up with journalism in his blood. He knew a story when he saw one, she intrigued him, and at some point he’d confused that fascination for attraction. It was the only explanation for someone like
Steve swallowed. A new ache took up residence in his stomach, and he felt he might be sick. “If that isn’t Tony—”
“I’m not going to hurt you,” it claimed in a gravelly voice.
Nia shut the folder, slid it inside her notebook. “I’m gonna...take this to my room,” she said. “I suppose you don’t want me to tell anyone about this, either?”
She knew she wasn’t, though. She hadn’t done anything of note; she might be the daughter of important people, but she was barely out of the Academy; she had no accomplishments of her own to her name.
Tony would probably never fully recover from his ordeal, but as time passed the wound became less raw. He could be around swans or dive beneath the surface of a body of water without going into a panic, and after a while he did not feel the need to sleep with the amulet beside him, in case the spell returned while he slept. Steve eventually stopped tensing with apprehension every time Tony did something unexpected – though he never quite got over the stark reminder of how close he had come to losing Tony, in the form of the ragged, long-healed scar on his lover’s chest.
She wondered, suddenly, how thick the doors were, how soundproof the walls.
“... Not telling.” If this creeper didn’t know he had snuck into Howard Stark’s son’s house, Tony sure as hell wasn’t going to be the one enlightening him.
Steve was definitely smaller. Tony was still wrapped around him like a petrified koala, except now his hands were clasped together behind Steve’s back. Also, come to think of it, his head was no longer on Steve’s chest, but seemed to be tucked up under his chin.
Clint gave him a rude gesture and didn’t stop stomping.
Tony deserve better than this self-sacrificing determination of yours and… I have had enough. Tomorrow morning, we are—”
“I will give you nothing freely,” Tony snapped.
Ty stepped forward warily, as if he were talking into a trap. He took the envelope, read the outside of it. “Public Relations...for the
“You said that already,” Tony strains out from a cacophony of inappropriate thoughts.
And this was the last night she wanted to get caught sneaking back, not after everything else that had happened that day.
And with that he gathered up the bloody amulet, twisted the knife around once in Tony’s chest, obviously relishing the pained cry Tony let out, and swept out of the inner storeroom door. Tony heard the key turn in it from the other side, then looked over at the other door. It was locked but only latched – if he could only get over there—
Steve sucked in a breath. “Why not just let us search the castle and not find him?”
“Yeah,” said the Peace Officer, and she unlocked the door to the little jail cell. “Come on, kiddo, you’re free to go.”  She shot Nia a grin. “Unless you want to stay here all night? Pretty comfy, huh?”
Steve gathered Tony’s hands up in his and pressed them tightly to his mouth. “I’m here. We’ve been searching for you for months, I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry it took so long – I’m so sorry I said—”
Tony’s face flashed with anger, which Steve felt was a significant improvement over the snide arrogance, right up until Tony snapped: “If by ‘commoners’ you mean yourself, Rogers. Bucky’s going to be a knight and even baby Sam’s training at the mews. If you're looking for the only other person here who doesn't deserve Nat you have to look no further than your own ugly nose.”
And Tony – well, Steve did not know what would happen with Tony. He could hardly stand to think on the matter.
Nia looked up at her father, saw the rage in his eyes, the way his forehead creased, the ways his lips curled down, and she bit her lip.
“Yeah, yeah, you just back away, go on,” Clint crowed, keeping the arrow trained on the swan as it retreated, then beginning to inch forwards, driving it back towards the lake. “Don’t give me that offended look –
“Perhaps not now, young Stark,” the man retorted, sounding both irritatingly calm and highly condescending. “But your will shall not hold out forever. You will give me what I ask for. I have time to wait.”
Howard simply stared at her, hard, for a long time. He opened his mouth to speak, then shut it again, and made a chewing motion with his mouth, as if he were literally  ruminating on his words.
a leader and not just a figurehead.
Nia sucked in a breath, and realized her mouth was wide open.
Steve sighed in response, but he did tilt his head into the petting, almost nuzzling his hand, so Tony didn’t take him too seriously.
“Lord Fury?” Steve asked, cautiously. Her face fell instantly, and that was enough of an answer for him. “Our friends, then,” he amended. “At dinner, tonight.”
“I have a solution for that, though it is only temporary,” Thor said with a grin. He reached up and into his thick leather coat, pulling open the burgundy collar and fishing out the gold chain hidden beneath his shirts. “This was given to me by my mother,” he explained as he lifted the chain over his neck. “It guards the wearer against enchantments. Loki has one like it, though,” he grimaced. “I suspect he has re-enchanted it and altered its purpose somewhat.”
He flopped gracelessly into the water of the creek, a moment of hope swelling in his feathered breast with the touch of the water – but there was no relief here. This cool water was not that to which he had been tied by a traitorous madman, and though its liquid cold was a balm against the surface pain, it did not seep and soothe deep inside him like the lake had done. He collapsed, letting his entire body sit in the slow water, resting on the smooth pebbles and gritty sand that made up the bed. Only his neck stayed outstretched, so that his head remained cushioned on the damp mud and soft grass of the waterside.
The doctor turned to her. "You," he said, "are a precious gem. We are going to hold you ransom, and return you when our demands are met."
“Straight run across the meadow from here,” she whispered loud enough for everyone to hear, adjusting the strap of her belt. “No cover. If we’re expecting traps, one at a time is a good way to get picked off. The main door is heavy but rotted, and this style of castle tended to have wooden staircases to ascend and stone to descend.”
The atmosphere around her was turning heated; the men at the table were arguing amongst each other.
“Yes, uh, this is normal for me,” Steve affirmed, sounding like he was talking to a startled cat. “I can explain, really. I can explain, although I know you hate magic so you probably aren’t going to like it. But please, uh, can I?”
“Dad,” she repeated, as she reached him. “Dad, what you said in there--”
“Come on,” Maria said, nodding Nia toward the door. “It’s getting late; we should all…”
That night at the afternoon meal, Natasha descended upon Steve. Tony was the only one of the group absent, having been resting from his trip most of the afternoon – they had left him a note telling him where supper was to be found if he woke up before sunrise. Natasha and Bucky sat side by side, as per usual, while Steve and Sam sat across the small table from them in the private dining room within Natasha’s chambers.
She screamed again, banging at the window over and over, the glass starting to give way.
He’d known there were secret passages all throughout the castle, but he’d never have guessed Natasha’s female ancestors would have been using them to… to—
Nia thought back, to all the nights in her own childhood when her parents had vanished, to all the time she’d spend wondering what they did in that secret room, and shook her head, pursing her lips together. “No,” she said. “I can’t imagine.”
Or did Jan know he wasn’t really…?
And Tony – Steve loved every look of Tony’s from dirty blacksmith to carefree noble horseman, but he could admit to himself that Tony in his princely finery was
Staring silently, quietly at the bookshelf, she realized that the night had ended on a decent note after all: both of her parents, in one place, trusting her as if she were an adult.
Natasha lurched forward immediately to drag him into a hug. “Three years,” she muttered into his shoulder. “Three years since I last saw you.”
“But--”  Nia was trembling in her seat; she wanted to know;
Thor looked at him curiously, a soft sort of pain in his eyes. “Who has betrayed you so, archer?”
trying to convey false innocence.
The room erupted once again in cheers, and everyone followed Jan’s pointing finger to look at where Steve and Tony were frozen in the midst of their escape.
By now, her fingers were beginning to prune, and she was feeling a bit sleepy from all the heat, even as the bathwater began to cool, so she got out, her skin all rosy and tender, and got dressed for dinner.
…” He shook his head ruefully.
“Nee!” she squealed again, and threw her arms around Nia, whirling her up into the air like the climax of a romantic movie. “Are you okay? We were so worried, are you-- is there anybody you need punched? Because I will get my fists up in
Thor said nothing for a little while, but he was clearly thinking. “Princess…” he said finally. “Would you say that Anthony is a man with great strength of character?”
Soon, though, he became aware that the oddness of his body, the strange weight upon his shoulder blades, the disconcerting
“Not every plan need be brilliant, Tony,” Natasha scolded fondly. “I will arrange for someone to meet you at the storeroom entrance with appropriate clothing, say at eight hours past noon? That gives almost no time for anyone to notice anything amiss and interfere.”
“Did I forget something?” Tony asks. It’s the only plausible explanation he can come up with for Steve’s return to his doorstep. He doesn’t think he’d brought anything but his tired self down the hall, but then again,
“Not the Academy,” said Peggy. “Not UNITY. Not the assignments board. Your parents.”
Tony tips his cup in a flirty salute. “Mission successful. Although, technically, I think I asked
Eventually they rounded a corner edging around the craggy mountainside – and saw the exact scene the villager had described. The once-packed dirt of the road was swirled with footprints, hoof-prints, and wheel marks, puddles of water already settling into the deep grooves. Most of the damage was haphazard and frenzied, but towards the edge of the road there were indeed vast scores in the mud that looked as though the carriage containing Tony, his parents, and Bucky had been pushed all the way to—and over—the edge. Where the carriage had clearly crashed through the treeline, the trunks of the little saplings at the apex of the cliff face had been snapped through or twisted right up out of the earth. There were no trees large enough to take the weight of the carriage this far up the mountainside, not at that steep, rocky edge.
“Because,” Maria had said, “you’re a woman. And a woman from the Territories, at that.”
the neighbors think?” Tony winks, finally taking a drink of his coffee and reveling for a minute in the experience. He knows it’s largely in his head—take that, Colonel Reason—but he still enjoys the phantom sensation of waking up for real when the coffee hits his cells.
Steve stared at Tony with a very odd, uncertain look on his face, as though he was trying to read Tony’s mind. But he was not Natasha, and since Tony was going along with exactly what he wanted, he clearly decided to just let it be, and nodded. “We are friends, Tony. I will always be your friend.”
Tony grinned one last time, then patted Steve on the head as though he were a little child, and turned to get into his carriage. Steve bristled a little. He was not a child, and Tony was not allowed to treat him as such.
“You can’t-- I was under eighteen,” Nia blurted.
“Like a deadly spider, is your princess,” Thor muttered to Bucky, who shrugged.
Maria had Jarvis drive her to the hospital especially for the occasion. She had put on a dress and a nice pair of shoes, and put her hair up in a ponytail.
But they were still shut, and Tony was still.
“Tony,” Steve growled, wriggling around a bit until Tony was better settled.
“Steve?” Tony repeated. He inched forward. “Are you ill?”
The castle was dim inside but light enough to see by as the weak sun poured over the walls. It was not a large structure, and the entry hall they found themselves in had three exit points on each of the other walls in the form of towering archways. Considering what they had seen of the layout from outside, Clint and Natasha ran for the archway at the far wall while Steve and Bucky steered right. They could see instantly that they had chosen the correct path. Right before them was a sharp turn to the left followed by a straight staircase down, which was not the best defensive design, but Steve deduced that this castle was so old it had been before the spiral staircase had come into standard use. Steve took the lead as they made their way down the stone steps, where the sunlight began to falter and darkness was creeping in all around.
Tony was almost breathless with anger. “For any number of his admirable traits, you vile creature. He will find me, no matter what trite spell you put upon me. Have faith in
Natasha was a woman so effortlessly beautiful that she could have—and had often—worn breeches and a loose linen shirt and been the most spectacular sight in the room. Dressed up as finely as she was in a black velvet gown trimmed with red, with long red under-sleeves tight down to her wrists, a wide golden belt hanging in front almost to the floor, and her bright copper hair swept up in a glimmering gold diadem and dripping tendrils upon her wide neckline, she was radiant. She appeared every bit the queen she would soon become.
“Okay,” she said. ‘Okay, Nia, you get to come back tonight. Nobody’s assignments send them out
Tony stopped and turned to look at Steve. His eyes grew wide briefly, and he put his hand on top of Steve’s head. “You’re getting tall,” he observed, since Steve was about eye-level with his chin, now, and showing no signs of stopping.
Sighing, she put the blue dress away and found something more suitable-- a more conservative, tailored green dress with a cardigan in deeper green, and a pair of plain, respectable-looking brown flats.
Nia slid out of Ty’s arms and gave Jim a hug, butting at his chest with her forehead.
“Oh my god,” Tony said in a quiet voice, then repeated, much louder, “Oh my god! How dare you be magical around me? Around DUM-E, no less! You brought magic into my den of science, you heathen!”
Natasha felt an odd, rather inappropriate flash of triumph and satisfaction.
There was a disbelieving noise from Clint’s direction, followed by a low thump and a grunt of pain – but Steve paid it no mind. He gripped Tony’s slack face between his hands, running his fingers over the man’s soft cheekbones.
He grumbled a little bit. “You're hardly lacking in strength, Nat.”
“Been here before?” Tony asks, inhaling the aroma of his coffee and enjoying its excellence even before it even touches his tongue.
Maria and Howard exchanged a glance.
This was wrong, something was wrong. He looked across the aisle at Pepper, who looked back at him strangely. She’d already told them that she had assurances from Lord Stane that the impostor would be detained long enough for Tony to change places with him, and before the ceremony Clint had gone to make certain. Surely Clint would not have failed. He would never allow the impostor in here without even attempting to warn them. Not unless… unless something had happened to him.
Thor nodded, but he looked a little misgiving. “That is fortunate for you, Princess – for his strength of will is perhaps all that has kept him alive.”
He first noticed Queen Maria, splayed against the back side of the carriage against the window frame, her golden hair and sky-blue gown covered in blood; her once-creamy skin now turning gray and punctured all over with splinters of the shattered window pane. Next to her, and hunched as if he had tried to curl around his wife as they fell, lay King Howard. His neck was tilted at a deadly angle, his spine twisted in two different directions. Steve almost retched at the sight of them.
“Howard said cocktail dresses,” Nia said, holding her hands up, empty. “I don’t have cocktail dresses.”
Tony chimed in by rote, feeling a little gnawing of anxiety in his belly, and Natasha greeted him as officiously as usual. After their proper welcome, Lord Fury cast a slightly wary look over his shoulder at the two boys standing there – the brunet with his hands on his hips, head cocked attentively, and the blond with scowl still in full force and his twiggy arms folded. The castellan shook his head faintly and simply elected to say his goodbyes, leaving it to the children to make introductions amongst themselves.
"In a manner of speaking," said the other girl. "I'm on a fact-finding mission."
“So that,” Maria said. “Is why we decided it would be better for you to go. We can tell everyone it’s part of your continuing education. The conference only allows limited press, and you’ll be well-protected, and I’m hopeful that by the time you’re through, the interest will have died down a bit.”
The scraping sound was the blacksmith, who was seated at a bench and shaving at a piece of metal with what Steve could only assume to be a razor-sharp piece of another metal. The fire gurgled mightily from its pedestal in the center of the room, casting out sparks and dancing orange light in the otherwise dim chamber.
, the guy’s urgent little
She had run a finger over the picture of flag that would have represented her, in New York, the red and white stripes, the tiny white stars on a blue field. It had been adapted, of course, into the white-and-blue of the UNITY flag, but this was something different, something that looked like the uniform Captain America wore in all the artwork of the Last War. She had tapped a finger to her forehead, imagined a A emblazoned there.
Steve lets out an unbecoming snort, and oh, Tony is unreasonably charmed by this guy’s
The pain was pulsing, burning like fire, like each of his bones was being shattered and repaired with every wave of it. He was only distantly aware of climbing a staircase, hurtling down a dark hallway. Of grasping at his heaving stomach as though he could prevent his body from shaking apart if he only clutched it tight enough.
And tonight would have been the perfect night to escape—Tony himself had pointed out that if a big, shaggy, horned monster wanted to go out in public on any night of the year, Halloween would be the time. But instead of seeing if Steve wanted to take the chance to get out of the building he’d been trapped in for who-knows-how-long, maybe even get out of the city and go somewhere where he wouldn’t have to live in terror of being discovered…
angry he was ignoring Tony completely. Part of the reason Tony loved coming to Natasha’s home was that she seemed to really like him as much as he really liked her, and he didn’t care that she was only practically a baby. She was smart and funny and mean, just like him, and she made him very happy. Nobody back home was nice to him like Natasha was nice, nobody talked to him like she did, or played with him, or argued with him.
“You would want to?” Tony asked, his brain stuck on that point.
There was more rustling and shifting audible through the door, and then the guy walked forward with heavy steps.
“Your date?” Steve asked him, bemused, as the girls giggled behind them and continued to drag random passers-by into their selfie trap, like modern-day sirens.
With the others’ help, Steve hefted Bucky carefully onto his shoulders. Once he was standing, Sam stayed behind to keep searching while Daisy accompanied Steve up the mountain. She was strong and fit, expertly sinking into all the gaps in Steve’s vision and footwork as they scaled the perilous cliff face. She helped Steve get Bucky onto his mare with him, and gave his knee a comforting squeeze before telling him to have Liberty either walk or gallop as much as possible, to avoid jolting Bucky around too much on her back.
She pressed her hands against the ground, the earth yielding under her fingers, and started up, when she caught, in the corner of her eye, light reflected off something running horizontally along the wall of the house-- completely obscured from the lawn by the bushes.
“Come on, Steve,” Bucky chimed in, though Steve had stopped struggling. “What were you going to do – swim out there and dive-tackle it?”
“We missed your graduation,” Maria said. “Because we were trying to stop it.”
Tony blanched, and his hand lifted quickly from Steve’s body. Steve immediately felt the loss somewhere in his chest, and he had to force himself not to chase that warm, affectionate touch. Tony turned to the side, half of his face glowing with firelight, then turned away from Steve completely. They sat for a few minutes, and Steve had to watch Tony tremble slightly as he sought control.
Sir Alexander, however, was very understanding about Steve’s wish to remain with Bucky, and had assured Steve that he was readily excused until Bucky was as recovered as could be expected. He seemed almost as shaken and distressed at Bucky’s injury as Steve himself, which was a little surprising, given that he had not expressed anywhere near that much concern for Bucky’s welfare the entire time Steve had known him.
“If I’m interested,” Tony repeats hazily. “I’m alive, aren’t I?”
Then Sir Alexander turned to look down at Steve. He was far smaller than the knight, but Steve had finally begun to see some progress as far as his vertical mission was concerned, and for the first time since they were practically infants Steve was of a height with Bucky. Bucky was still easily twice as wide as Steve, but at this point he was willing to take what he could get.
Howard squinted at her. “Did you go back to the cellar last night?” he asked.
“I can do that,” Nia insisted. “That’s perfect. I’d be
“You didn’t choose something?” Peggy asked, frowning. “What did you tell them, in your interview?”
“Repeat yourself,” Natasha commanded after a quick glance in Steve’s direction.
It took hardly any discussion for things to start moving from that point. Pepper agreed to stick with the impostor and try, if at all possible, to determine whether or not he was in contact with the traitor in Natasha’s castle. Sam and Clint elected to stay with her and do their best to calm any suspicion, as well as seek out the traitor if they could.
“Not Obie?” Nia asked. Surely Obie knew, if he was the one who had taken her to graduation.
Something hit in Steve’s gut which felt at once excited and terrified, and he quickly drew back behind the wooden wall, gasping in a breath.
Then the man nodded at the boys, and abruptly took his leave.
? “He's the one who said—”
the other day – that could be someone else
"Just the one?" Nia asked, as she stepped up the the plastic case that held the patient--
"Satisfied?" Asked the robotic man.
“Bucky,” he scowled, feeling foolish. “You're supposed to marry Bucky.”
“That was probably on purpose,” Carol answered, and she snatched at Jim’s hand. In her heels, she was taller than him, and leaned down to plant a kiss on his cheek. “Your file probably has
All of that, Steve would fight for.
Steve felt a sick rush of guilt when he thought of his friend. With his mind consumed by the question of Tony’s return and strange behavior, Steve had scarcely given himself time to worry over Bucky since their arrival. He hoped that Natasha and the others were seeing to his wellbeing, but he realized with a flood of shame that he did not know how his friend was faring. The last he had spoken to Bucky was the handful of tense words they had exchanged as they approached the castle several weeks ago. Bucky had clearly been avoiding Tony since then and, almost by extension, Steve himself. He must have therefore been spending the past several weeks upset about his role in Tony’s disappearance, blaming himself – and Steve had not been there for him.
Natasha stood up gracefully from the harpsichord and walked over to pat his cheek. “I'm simply giving myself a reason not to wring both of your foolish necks,” she smiled.
“Who’s there?” came a low, raspy voice.
Their shouts had drawn the attention of the hotel guests inside, and Nia saw her opportunity as all the wealthy and important men and women in their suits and ties, their dresses and uniforms, turned to see the commotion. She slammed herself into the window at full force. The glass didn't shatter, but cracked in fine spiderwebs in its frame, and she screamed for help.
“You’re such a little slut, always so eager to please. You knew I was too good for you; you were so desperate to keep me. So happy that someone was paying attention to you, you’d let me do whatever I wanted.”  Ty chuckled. “Do you know we have surveillance cameras all over the house?”
“Sorry,” said the man. “I’ve got an
“Hold him,” Fury ordered, and several guards, including a glowering Sam, darted forward to hold Stane in place while the man rolled his eyes.
“You were right, Stark,” the traitorous Loki tossed out as he stood and brushed off his cloak carelessly. “I could not have prevented anybody from seeing you, were you right before them. I am powerful, but I am no god. But I can ensure that even if they find this place, they will never find
She wanted to run, hide, go back to her room, refill the tub, and submerge herself up to her ears. "So you’re here working for General Ross?" She asked Nancy.
Nia felt her throat go tight, and she reached for the doorknob, deciding that she
“With witnesses,” she corrected. “Natasha, at the very least. I know she wishes to believe me, but she needs proof.”
The airport was cool, airconditioned, and in spite of her lack of sleep, everything felt so much
Tony blinks slowly at him. Well, he supposes staring helplessly at the guy’s bright blue eyes is better than gawping at his happy trail. But seriously: nobody’s eyelashes are that gorgeous in real life. It must be the lighting in this stupid hallway.
The castle staff was less pleased with the new arrangement – at least, when it turned out that the prince had inherited his father’s penchant for innovation and his mother’s innocent doe-eyes. Paired with the princess’s mastery of sneakiness, the duo caused havoc around the castle and surrounding township for months on end. On occasion, Lord Fury attempted to shame the prince—who was a big boy of nine years who should know better—but somehow his reasoning landed on deaf ears every time.
?” she said, scowling at the photographer, who was still clicking away as she tried to sort out the mess of her hair.
Natasha flinched in surprise at being so brazenly accused.
As far as he was concerned, that only meant that he had to work twice as hard as they did each and every day of their training. This meant that both Bucky and Steve tended to return from training in the fields in quite a sorry state at the end of each day, good for little more than consuming food and lazing around in the drawing room or elsewhere. They were in their normal splays across the drawing room chaises one day, Steve reading about heraldry (in some bemusement at the needless, self-congratulatory complexity), and Bucky simply enjoying listening to Natasha rant at them as she paced in front of the lit fireplace.
He pressed her farther up against the tree, catching at one of her hands as he separated her lips and slid his tongue over her teeth, and she dropped back, feeling the tree bark scratch her back through her shirt, but not caring, because for the first time all day, she didn’t have to
to go yet. Instead he stood up and started to make his way around the edges of the crowd, Tony cradled in his arms like a simpering heroine. Well, a simpering heroine who was wiggling and twisting and hissing for their freedom, anyway.
Steve looked incredulously at Thor, who pretty much shrugged helplessly at him. “I am no expert. But it is possible that a love bond stronger than the spell bond could sever it. Spells must be verbalized too, as words created have far more power than words within our minds.”
Jan’s pronouncement gave him an excuse to make a beeline through the kitchen, back into the living room, and into Steve’s lap.
“She got sick,” Natasha continued, stroking a hand along one of the shining cream keys. “He didn’t have a pa, not then. Bucky’s ma died before he knew her, and his pa got the plague, his sisters, too. They needed friends, like I did.”
“It’s good to see you, Obie,” Tony admitted with a half-smile. The man had never been his favorite person, but if nothing else he had always been loyal to Howard – a loyalty that had preceded Tony’s birth and outlasted his father’s death, it seemed. “Thank you for taking care of the kingdom. I know it must have been a shock.”
He fell silent instantly when Natasha’s elbow caught the side of his head. He slumped in Thor’s arms, and the prince picked his limp body up only long enough to carry him off the platform and drop him on the first row pew.
Oh, and also he was a
Only it didn’t sound like Steve. Steve had a delightfully rumbly voice, the sound vibrating through his barrel chest and coming out all gravelly and delicious. This voice sounded kind of like Steve, if Steve had taken honey in his tea or was just a bit smaller…
Uncle Obie was personable, affectionate, understanding where her parents never had been. Now, he gave her a wry half-smile. “How was your exit interview?”
This small castle they were encamped around was very old, and long-since abandoned. The large, gray stones of its walls were irregular but tightly and expertly packed together. If it had once had a roof, it had long since been lost to time. Its squat, square layout suggested it predated the Midgardian monarchy, and all around them in the woods were pieces of decimated structures and rings that indicated where the castle’s village would once have been.
“He hasn’t woken up,” Bucky pointed out into the following pause. “Whatever you did, can you do more of it?”
It was at that moment that Thor seemed satisfied with his cleaning, and promptly pulled the amulet over the swan’s neck. Tony’s body jolted immediately, and Steve lunged forward to lay a calming hand on his stomach. But as the transformation began, Thor pushed Steve’s hand away insistently.
He lost his train of thought when Bucky disappeared around a corner, into what turned out to be a short hallway with a closed door at the end of it.
Tony was very handsome, and Steve found himself missing his normal fire and wild spirit.
Tony shrieked, dignity be damned, scrambled up to his feet, and sprinted out of the bedroom, slamming the door behind him for good measure.
“Whoever it is,” Steve said, having finally reached Tony’s side in his clandestine shuffle. “We have to assume they intend to carry out Loki’s scheme even with him gone.”
Bucky’s hand on his arm and Thor’s sudden grip of his jacket were the only things that stopped Steve from breaking into a flat-out sprint forward. Tony staggered through the water until his bare feet touched the shore, and then Steve refused to be held back any longer. He lashed out at Thor’s chest and shoved Bucky back away from him, but they let him go easily and he tumbled forward the last few strides until he and Tony slammed into each other gracelessly.
“Your Highness,” he managed to let out, sounding stiff even to his own ears.
"Oh," Nia said, looking at her mother. "He's one of your patients?"
For a moment, Nia imagined that maybe he had already decided not to come. She sank a little lower in her chair. Ty, glancing at her, as if he could sense her unease, squeezed her hand lightly.
She winced at the reminder, though she knew Howard meant well by it, and walked out, back into the dining room, and turned around to eye the bookcase. “How do I get back in?”
But Bucky did not respond. Panicked, Steve snapped his hand out to hover over the man’s mouth and nose, feeling his breath with a flood of relief and dropping his hand to clutch at the front of Bucky’s leather jerkin.
Technically, he did not need to be either down in the kitchens nor working at all this morning, since today was the day Prince Tony was arriving. Bucky and Natasha had all but flown out the door when the guards spotted the prince’s carriage in the distance, and the need to scrub pots was the only thing Steve could think of as an excuse not to join them.
to your father,” Maria said, and there was real rage in her voice, in the way her eyes shone. “Sit. Down.”
“I told them I liked too many things to narrow it down. I told them I was good at too many things. That I wasn’t ready to let go of any of the things I’m good at.”  She frowned. “I’m not a specialist, Auntie. It’s just not who I am. I can’t
“No one but your mother,” Howard answered, and he gave her a stern look, the kind that said he meant it. “If you need to trust another person, tell Jarvis. No one else. Especially not your uncle.”
Then Tony’s face settled into a cool mask, the one he tended to wear around Lord Fury and Lady Hill, and he nodded coolly at Steve. “I'm glad. Excuse me.”
Just thinking it made her feel lightheaded. Or maybe it was whatever her parents meant by--
“You are
“No, thank you,” Tony demurred, glancing over at Steve with an unusually cold look on his face.
Something deeper than his own mind was pulling him along, though he longed to just collapse in a heap of blood and gore upon the ground.
?” Nia asked.
“The nuclear bombs,” Nia said, biting her lip. “The ones you used to end the war. The ones you used to convince the rest of the world to join UNITY. They were--”
“Why are you being this way?” she spat at him, stalking near and glaring with all the force of her royal pedigree.
“Well, excuse me, Miss My-Parents-Reared-Me-On-Twenty-Five-Year-Old-Scotch,” Ty answered. “Some of us have to settle for swill.”  But he kissed her head again, and then nuzzled his nose into her hair, warm and cuddly and soft.
“Loki is imprisoned,” Thor boomed, anger radiating from him as he clapped both hands down on the man’s trembling shoulders. “He can no longer fulfill his promises to you.”
“You didn’t give them
“Your dad?” the figure asked, sounding startled. “Who’s your dad?”
Distantly, Steve was aware that he must look equally as debauched, if not more so, with his pale skin and the way Tony had seemed determined to ravage him with his mouth.
“I'm not sure being thrown off your horse into a ravine can still be considered just a close call, Buck,” Steve’s voice came reprovingly from behind him.
They had been gone for months and were due to return in another month’s time, and Tony felt very cheated. He and Steve had exchanged the occasional friendly letter over the past year apart, devoid of emotion except in the very deepest crevices of the words, since it was impossible to know who might get their hands on those missives. Steve had warned Tony of this long mission, excited about it in the letter but giving just enough indication to Tony that he too was frustrated by the poor timing.
But after all that, Tony didn’t so much as stir, and Steve’s control over himself slipped. He slid his hands under Tony’s torso and dragged the man up to cradle him against his chest, burying his face in the crook of his neck and his other hand in the thick mess of his hair. It had been a weak hope, but it had been a hope, and Steve desperately fought back tears, as the realization that this must truly be the the end of the man he believed was half of his heart began to sink in.
"Leadership," said a familiar voice behind them, and Ty's arms slid around her waist, wriggling her away from Jim. "They're going to make you Director someday."
“I hear the young squire’s arms are to be a swan,” the Asgardian continued, peering at Tony. “For his terrible temper, perhaps?”
And then there were the transformations.
One of the guards immediately set a knife against Stane’s throat, so close that if he swallowed too hard, its blade would likely break the skin. Stane went still, even as he glared mutinously up at Natasha.
Howard chuckled.
Tony, of course, insisted upon sailing over regardless. But his ship was attacked, as feared, by an unidentified, possibly-Asgardian patrol vessel, which refused to allow them passage across the neutral waters of the Midgardian Sea. Steve and the others received word of this many weeks after it happened, since the war meant getting messages to and from the neighboring kingdoms was becoming practically impossible. It took a few more weeks still to get word from Menahahte that the prince had returned home safely from what turned out to have been a band of pirates. Steve spent most of those weeks picking fights with anyone and everything he could.
it’s retaliation; UNITY’s pissed at my parents, but they’re afraid to shut down Viastone. They know people will revolt if they take over the news outlets.”
“You must be the Steven that James speaks of so highly,” Sir Alexander mused, and Steve just nodded, at a bit of a loss. He darted a glance at Bucky, who silently told him that no, he did not understand what was happening either. “James tells me you read, Steven.”
Bucky was convinced this was somehow Steve’s fault, but refused to explain himself, and Natasha refused to hear a single bad word about Tony at all.
Slowly—very slowly—but surely, he had created a comprehensive map in his own mind of the grounds, though he was not nearly familiar enough with Natasha’s kingdom to fathom where in it he might be. The only reason he was certain he
over your assignment; it’s only natural to take out your grief on other people.”  His voice went low; he practically purred into the phone. “You want to make it up to me? Come over here right now, let me bend you over the kitchen table and fuck you till you’re writhing and helpless and screaming my--”
,” Howard said. He saluted Officer Knight and started out the door.
Tony tried not to gape. He sincerely hoped he had heard that quite distinctive accent wrong. “Am I in Asgard?”
“Steve?” he asked, incredulously.
“Steve!” Sam called over the din. “Prince Tony has arrived! Nat wants you to come up!”
, bright red, in front of an unconscious man.
Howard pursed his lips, looking all too serious. “Change of plans,” he said. “Pack a bag, for a week. Uniforms, business attire, cocktail dresses.”
skinny. Tony didn’t know you could move if you were that skinny. Where were his muscles?
But Bucky did not sleep forever.
Tony physically recovered after a while, enough at least that he and Natasha finally—
The amphitheater was slowly emptying of people. Jim and Carol would have marched out with the rest of the graduates, whether or not they had wanted to. Unlike Ty, they had the good sense not to make a scene.
“They’ve had an emergency,” Uncle Obie explained, as he smoothed the sleeves of his suit-- he looked smart, even out of uniform, in tailored navy, a star-shaped tie tack pinning down his blood-red necktie. “Howie asked me to ride over with you and Jarvis. I’ll--”
The place hadn’t been as dusty as Tony expected, which was his first clue; but of course he hadn’t really registered that at the time. It had belonged to some ageing socialite, or her daughter, or possibly her granddaughter, Tony hadn’t cared enough to ask. Whatever the case, it hadn’t actually been lived in for months. Possibly years.
“It is of little consequence,” the man said, as though they were not literally discussing Tony’s life and his death. “I know of your Steven Rogers. I watched you, Stark. It is a shame he was not present upon the mountain, for me to strike him down in this terrible accident. I suppose his dear friend Barnes will have to suffice.”
But her voice, echoing, didn’t disappear, and she didn’t know why, not here, not with Steve awake.
to fit in with the mere mortals.
“Where would he go?” Steve demanded, almost willing to fly out the door himself if he only had a heading.
“No,” Nia blurted, and she waved her left hand in the air. “If we are, no one told me about it.”
Thor’s eyes pressed closed.
"How did you get in here?" Howard asked. She could smell whiskey on his breath; she groaned, picturing the worst this conversation could go.
Howard took a breath, and swallowed so loudly that she could hear it. “Because I did it,” he said. “I made the call.”
It was not the worst transformation he had suffered by far, largely because he fainted from the stress long before it was over. When he awoke, the pain was still radiating like it did when he was too far from the lake, and he realized there was likely nothing he could do to take away that pain here.
“Stop being a doctor and be a
With his heart feeling as though a cold hand were squeezing around it, Steve finally managed to break through his shock and swing down from his mare’s back. Sam was already dismounted, striding cautiously towards the flurried mud at the edge of the road.
Pepper frowned at him, then squeezed the hand she still held. “This is not my home, these are not my people. I am not willing to risk Tony’s safety no matter what feelings I may have about his behavior.”
The sun was only just beginning to rise, which was their preferred time to attack: giving them a light sufficient to see by, but one that was still strange and shifting enough to put enemies slightly off-kilter. The air was cold, the ground colder still, and even Thor in his great cloak was beginning to shiver the longer they waited.
There was a beat of silence, of almost frantic anticipation, before Natasha dropped down beside Steve and kissed Tony’s forehead. She drew back only far enough to whisper a simple, “I love you.”
“… Ready?” Tony parrots, squinting at Steve as if he could summon an explanation if he only stared hard enough.
The other boys joined them, but Tony didn’t really care. Bucky seemed alright, but there was definitely something about the other boy—a visible chip on his shoulder—that Tony didn’t like one bit.
Steve smiled almost against his will at the sight of the feared archer heroically facing off against an agitated bird. Clint forced it back onto the lake, where it flapped in what seemed to be surprise, and then suddenly subsided, looking up at Clint and letting out one last petulant honk.
like. “Everything.”
Maria waited until everyone else was seated before taking a chair. “Nia,” she started again, leaning forward, elbows on her knees. “Your assignment.”
Tony went tense in her arms, and they all sprung to attention in response. “You can’t,” Tony told her, and Steve’s stomach dropped.
Steve loved riding with Tony as much as he enjoyed doing anything in Tony’s company. Sir Alexander gave Steve permission to borrow his favorite of the knight’s horses: a large, cheerful dun with a jagged white star on her forehead called Liberty. It was something of a group consensus that Tony was not to be put on any horse more powerful than the royal stables’ fastest mare, an energetic young bay named Audi – because considering the death-defying speeds and tricks he did with her, practically flying over the countryside and any obstacles in their path… nobody even wanted to consider what he would do with a gelding or, heaven forbid, a stallion.
“I don’t know,” she replied in frustration. “But I imagine they would not be happy to learn that we have found you, Tony.”
Steve shook his head. “I will not.”
Nia gulped and crumpled over, leaning her face on the armrest, feeling the coarse fabric of the sofa’s upholstery imprinting its grain on her skin. “I punched him in the, uh. Crotch,” she said, finally.
Tony’s mouth opened and closed a few times before he tried to speak, but just managed a strangled noise as his brain rebooted. “Were you under my bed this whole time??”
He remembered lying stunned for a moment, the rain pouring over him with cold indifference. But after that he could remember nothing more.
Nia gasped, then looked up at the surgeon's face, and back to his middle again. It was then that she realized he wasn't only covered up for sanitary purposes...he was entirely electronic.
“I really don’t know about this, Tony,” Steve muttered.
“What?” she asked.
She checked her watch: it was nine; which meant they’d been in the air for eleven hours. She set the watch ahead nine hours, to the local time at their destination. It was six in the morning; she was wide awake, and she smiled at how conveniently she’d managed to wake up at the proper time, after more than enough sleep.
“There’s money on it,” Obie said, as he walked up behind them both. He gave Peggy a kiss on the cheek, rested his hands on his hips. “Tell me you don’t read the news.”
Though some members of the group were adamant that the Tony impostor be thrown immediately into a prison cell, pending interrogation (and the most creative punishments they could come up with between them), Natasha reminded them all that not only was the impostor working within her castle, but an unknown traitor was there somewhere as well. There would be no point in letting said traitor know that they suspected anything until Tony was safely in their hands once more.
“Could you disguise someone,” Clint continued, his eyes sparking with disbelief at the words coming out of his own mouth. “As an animal?”
“Did you miss me?” Tony demanded, seated on one of Steve’s thighs and balancing an elbow on his shoulder. His fingers were in the perfect position to stroke softly through the fur of Steve’s neck.
Fingertips caught at the nape of her neck, and then Ty’s lips were on her cheek, and she froze.
“Tony,” she said, sounding torn between scolding him and wanting to weep into his mantle. “I missed you, why did you not come?”
Steve was seated in the front row with Bucky and Sam, with Thor on the opposite side of the aisle nearer to Tony. Because the wedding was so private and so (relatively) small, they had decided to forego the traditions of bridesmaids and groomsmen, which Steve, at least, appreciated because it meant he would have a far better view of the ceremony than if he were forced to stand at the fringes, on guard.
“I’m nowhere near the lake!” Clint snarled at it, kicking at it periodically without actually trying to hurt it. “I’m not in your territory! Leave me alone!”
She opened the door and nearly smacked directly into Obie, who was standing with a hand raised, about to knock.
“A long-term enchantment, such as the one of which we are speaking, would require an enormous amount of energy to sustain, else it would wear off eventually. Certainly sooner than the many months the prince has been missing,” Thor tried to clarify. “Such spells are usually cast by the power of the sun, so that they falter or even fail at night, depending on the magnitude of the enchantment, before resuming at sunrise. If the man in this castle is indeed an impostor, he will have to have some sort of power source available, or else the spell is dropping and recharging at nighttime.”
“I'm busy,” Steve said frostily, digging back into the pristine pot for emphasis.
“Accursed—” He gave his leg a violent jerk. “—beast! What are you
military air about her, from the way she stood straight at attention with her hands folded behind her back.
At Steve’s signal, Thor leapt from the bushes they’d sheltered behind like a great wild boar, his powerful legs thundering beneath him across the dewy grass to the castle, with the others streaming in his wake. He reached the enormous main door of the structure and, hardly slowing, spun tightly on nimble feet and smashed his hammer through its decrepit wood. As Natasha had predicted, the door splintered instantly and Thor shouldered aside what remained of the frame just in time for Steve and Bucky to leap through into the castle, Natasha and Clint right behind them.
Nia shut her eyes. Jim. She didn’t have to look at him, she knew his voice, knew he was standing in his seat.
“Pleased to meet you, Prince Tony,” she said, dipping her head.
Clint shuddered. “You mean, that man we just had dinner with, who I’ve gone riding with multiple times, who I let work on my armor the other day, who I let work on my
“I’m afraid so, Miss,” said Jarvis.
“Prince Thor is one of the men who made a suit for my hand,” she informed Steve, and both he and Clint blinked at her in surprise. “I intend to arrange an audience with him under the guise of establishing a closer personal relationship as I consider his proposal – my famously elaborate courtship with Tony makes this request seem quite reasonable in comparison. Therefore I can't bring James along with me, not before I have met the prince and formed a better opinion of him and how he might react to such a thing.”
Nia found a small button, and pressed it, and the seal released itself with a hydraulic hissing sound. She felt a tingle rise up from her fingertip through her arm, like a little electric current, as she pulled the casing back, turning to watch the dials and sensors behind her, to make sure his vitals remained steady.
The cold air was rushing into the hall, fast, and Nia swore as she realized she had to choose between warmth and light.
The tunic he wore as he and Natasha caught everyone’s attention was deep red and trimmed at every edge with a thick band of intricate gold silk, reaching to his knees but slit at the front beneath his belt. Over the tunic’s chest was a large embroidered piece, looking almost like a plate of armor, which glittered in the firelight with precious gemstones to match the formal scabbard at his hip. He wore black breeches beneath tall black boots, and sweeping down from his high, buttoned collar and over his shoulders was a black cloak falling almost to his ankles. The inside of the cloak was all gold silk, shimmering and billowing behind him as he walked with Natasha down the stairs to the stone floor.
“Well, let’s get you to a--”  Maria started, standing up and reaching for Nia’s arm, all efficiency.
want you there. Not just because he thinks you’re talented. It’s the best place...strategically. Politically. I know there are plenty of people who would feel much safer knowing that there’s another Stark to take over from your father.”
They’d met the night Tony moved into the condo. His dad had bought it for him, big surprise, claiming that the building had way better security than any of the ones on campus. Tony was pretty sure the old man had just cringed at the idea of his son and heir slumming it with the other kids in the spartan dorms, but whatever.
“Loki,” he said faintly, almost involuntarily. “You are not incorrect, Princess. There is little information regarding my brother with which I would part without good reason.”
For the next endless week, Steve had to be forcibly prised from Bucky’s bedside by an increasingly determined schedule of people to sleep, eat, and bathe or change clothes from time to time.
Nia rolled her eyes. “Is this one of those ‘when I’m ready’ things?”
Then they heard someone else approaching through the woods—Natasha, her voice low but cheerful—and Steve smiled with joy. But then he heard someone else’s laugh, and he knew who that was.
It was a little needless to say, since he was gone with a whoop a scant moment later, and everyone could hear him colliding with one or the other of the two squires and shouting in joy outside the door. Bucky came bursting into the room a moment later and, to Tony’s utter shock, went in an arrow-straight line for where
After a reluctant pause, Tony shifted his weight back onto his knee—which made Steve’s body jolt with a shock of pleasure—then he fell back to sit on his heel, his other foot still firmly on the floor. They stared at each other. Steve’s breath was evening out, but his nerves still sung with excitement and eagerness. He lay where Tony had dropped him, feeling too weak to even sit up. Tony had managed to undo the ties at his throat at some point, so his shirt was falling open to almost half-way down his chest – Steve noticed this only because Tony’s eyes kept flashing to the exposed skin there, then darting away.
“Listen,” Obie said to Howard. “We’ve got to talk about releasing the--”
Tony visibly perked up as he ran his fingers over the keys of the instrument. “If you insist, Princess,” he said archly, before launching without warning into one of the spinning folk dances Bucky had given him the music for years and years earlier.
gleefully as they wrought more havoc that summer. As delicate and prim as Pepper appeared, it turned out (to Natasha’s delight) that she was more than willing to throw her skirts aside when necessary and go wading in the pond, or accompany Natasha on pony rides around the neighboring fields. Tony happily left them to it, since with Rhodey there he was not relegated into the company of Steve-and-Bucky.
All in all, Steve looked like the perfect scary monster. Now if only he could get said monster moving.
,” Nia pointed out. “Or any friends, for that matter. Maybe this is serendipity?”
,” Nia blurted. “Me.”
So Tony darted down the rest of the way to where Bucky was waiting as quickly as he could without completely sacrificing his dignity, and gripped the other man’s proffered arm. He gave in after a moment and pulled Bucky in for a brief hug, clapping him on the back and grinning.
"You will be caught," Yinsen warned. "You'll be caught and executed. Your cause--"
“Which means Tony must have been there,” Sam said, horrified. “He was there at the castle while we were there.”
“—finally argued Sitwell into submission,” Natasha was saying over their dessert of warm, roasted pears and crisp grapes.
“Yes?”
She chewed her lip. It was a bad habit, one her mother had scolded her for time and time again, but it was one she couldn’t quite break herself of. At least in the privacy of her own bedroom, no one else could see.
Steve was beautiful. For someone who had started out so scrawny and pointy, with that overly large hooked nose and a jaw so wide it looked misshapen on his otherwise straw-thin face and neck, he certainly had grown up to be a startlingly handsome man. His nose became proud rather than beaklike as his cheekbones widened and sharpened – and as he grew tall and muscular his square jaw simply looked as powerful as the rest of him. His shoulders had become even wider since Tony had last seen him, which he would not have thought anatomically possible. Steve’s eyes were the same as they had always been, though, ever since they were just children – bright blue and thickly fringed, piercing and oh-so-clever.
Steve grabbed Tony on either side of his ribs and lowered his face to press a kiss of furious relief against the knitted skin, then leaned up to curl over Tony and rest their foreheads together.
He’s barely even noticed that the guy is
“—Unless we would have found him if there had there not been a double chained up in the cells,” Natasha finished, her green eyes widening.
Nia silently chastised herself for ever believing that her parents would make it to graduation. “Is everything okay?” she asked. She could feel her face getting hot, but she tried to sound calm, casual, as if it didn’t upset her that her parents couldn’t be present on the most important day of her life.
!” she repeated, in a voice of great offense. “As if I were some mere woman.” Both Bucky and Steve gave her sly looks, at which she raised an eyebrow to shut them up. “You should not rile me,” she said threateningly. “When you become knights I may claim the right to select your own arms.”
?” she sputtered. “And maybe I want to work sanitation.”  She prodded Ty in the chest. “Look at the trash I drag around with me.”
After a moment of silence, Thor banged his mug angrily on the table, making all their dishes jump. “My brother will pay for this, I assure you,” he snapped. “Magic should never be used for such ends. Your prince may very well be in disguise, or under another enchantment, but he might also be restrained by non-magical means. I cannot tell you, forgive me. Please, Princess,” He looked imploringly at Natasha, then turned to look at Steve. “Sir Steven, accept my sincerest apologies for the role I and my kingdom have played in this terrible event.”
Traveling with Howard Stark on government business was nothing like anything Nia had ever done before. He had advised her to wear her uniform-- which had been a smart idea, if only because it allowed her to put on a false sense of decorum, to sit perfectly still, looking straight ahead, instead of acknowledging the journalists milling at the end of their driveway. She’d had a slight sense of satisfaction, too, knowing that a picture of her looking smart and professional in her service dress was not what any of them had been hoping for. Still, looking down at her chest, at the blank spot where her star should have been, made her feel all too self-conscious.
—he was still the same person. Tony was far too strong and self-possessed to be undone by something such as this. Each time the thought faltered, Steve simply had to shore it up more determinedly.
“Tony!” Jan shouted again when they were closer, eyes widening when she saw Steve. “Oh my god, who’s your ride?”
He would have to learn to live with this – and perhaps, given time, this illness of his would run its course.
And waited.
Steve tried to remember that as the years dragged on. Lord Stane had come to an agreement with Lord Fury on King Howard’s behalf that Natasha and Tony would not be married until she turned twenty-one, at which point she would be well and truly on the shelf and it could be certain that Tony was her best option. Tony’s kingdom was small, after all, and Natasha’s attracted a lot of trouble, but Steve could also not shake the fear that Lord Stane had offered Lord Fury reason to believe that Tony would be unfit as a husband, and he could not help a stab of fear that Lord Stane might know about his affliction.
Steve took a few steps closer to the lapping water of the lake, staring out at the swan in a sort of terrible hope. “Tony?” he said softly, knowing the bird couldn’t possibly hear him from that distance.
Bucky pretended to quake in fear, while Steve was genuinely alarmed. “I don't know where you would even start. I have been studying this absurd book for hours and I—”
She tapped the window lightly, jiggled at the tube, and tried to fit a finger into the space where the tube ran. It was sealed over with caulk, up to the space where the tube passed through, but she was able to peel some of it away with her fingers. She held the window carefully in place, wriggling the frame up as she dug out more of the caulk, until she had managed to squeeze her hand in, sliding her fingers around the frame until she found Howard’s electronic lock and entered the security override.
“Tun—t–tuh—” Bucky groaned, his eyes slitting open and squinting against the sunlight spilling into his room. His voice rebelled against every syllable he tried to form. “To–Tony, s–s–sa—safe?”
“Antonia Margaret Cerrera-Stark!”
That Tony had been through a terrible experience. That he needed time to process what had happened to him. That all they needed was time, just time.
; he wasn’t stupid. She gritted her teeth, wondering if she should tell him, after all-- she was enough used to her parents underestimating her, she supposed they must do it to everyone else.
Steve barely spared a thought for either of them as he and Sam raced through the mountains.
The man spoke up in a shivering, nervous voice, shifting beneath the blanket he had been given. “I was on me way back to Kingstown, Highness, only just finished me day at the docks. Took the roads since with this storm… ain’t safe to ride in the forest.” He took a shaky breath as Sam and Clint arrived behind Steve, both of them frowning and severe.
Every time, every time the sun rose or set, the thought would enter his head.
With a deep breath, Nia got up and walked out of her bedroom. She stopped at the door, and looked back at it-- at her pile of messy blankets on her bed, at the half-assembled robotic arm on her dresser, at the prosthetic heart schematics she’d been looking over for her mother, at the trail of hardware strewn across the carpet. She ran her thumb over the bandage on her index finger from the little soldering iron burn she’d given herself the night before, building a model of her mother’s design. She hadn’t finished it, yet. She wasn’t sure when she was going to. It lay on the desk in pieces, the chambers of the heart open to the elements.
"Tongue out," he ordered.
, Tony thinks,
“I requested you because you're not a surgeon,” Natasha told him perfunctorily. “Any fool can take a man’s arm off. I wish for far more care than that.”
“Fine,” he said despondently. “I’ll try to like him.”
Maria had said some other things to her, and Nia had bobbed her head when she thought it was best to acknowledge what Maria was saying, and had gone home, and moved into her new bedroom.
The airplane staff came around with coffee, fruit and croissants, and while the croissant had a slightly odd texture, more like a dinner roll than a proper croissant, Nia slathered it with butter and inhaled it before drinking three cups of coffee.
responsible for the deaths of
“But she will be your wife,” Steve insisted. “You will be married. That means something, that
His mother screamed, and his father cursed and flailed for a handhold inside the sleek interior. Tony knew the exact moment when the entire mass of them went over the side of the cliff, because the pit of his stomach dropped in a sick lurch, and Bucky reached out wildly and wrapped his arm around Tony’s chest.
“I know,” she said in response to his silence, and gave him a sad smile.
In the middle of this nest reclined Tony and Natasha, wearing very little clothing between them. Steve’s throat went dry at the sight of almost all of Natasha’s cream-colored, glowing skin before him, displayed through a robe that must have been Tony’s. It was only tentatively tied at her tiny waist and showed the entire expanse of her legs, and almost the entirety of her chest. The pink paleness of her skin was especially pronounced as she lay displayed beside Tony with his olive tan, much of which was visible as he was clad only in his cream breeches. His knees were curled up against his chest, one being used by Natasha as a backrest, and the other as his own writing surface as he scribbled in his omnipresent notebook.
Steve noticed, of course, and peered disapprovingly at him. “You haven’t been sleeping this week,” he said, in that voice that made Tony’s insides go all wriggly.
about damaging anything worth so much money.
“There are dissidents fighting in his name, real or not,” Yinsen answered. “With men like your friend--”
Bucky did not wake up at all for three days, and was only conscious in fits and starts for the next four or so, never fully coherent. Steve was mulishly adamant that he never be absent when Bucky was awake, sleeping on the edge of his cot and all but physically assaulting people trying to move him without a sufficiently compelling reason.
standing there, stern-faced and unreadable. Howard was in his full dress uniform; Maria was in a grey suit with pearls-- both looking very much like they’d dressed to attend a formal event.
She tugged Nancy down farther, used the inertia of the motion to propel herself forward, and swam past the girl’s corpse, feeling a sharp pang of guilt as she broke the surface and wiped the thick liquid from her eyes and face.
, dammit. “You promised me coffee.”
Nia watched Howard’s face turn grim, his eyes go far away, and she knew he was thinking about the war. She bit her lip.
The three boys generally watched her from a safe distance. Natasha was a lovely girl, but also very, very terrifying, and after a few weeks of it even Bucky had resorted to throwing her handwritten notes as their primary form of communication when she was in one of these moods.
Yinsen had been one of Tony’s only comforts. First Bucky, and now this. Tony knew full well that he was not worth the pain of so many people, and it was sometimes only the thought that he would not let their pain—the haunting horror of whatever misery Bucky had been put through or was still living with—be for nothing. He would not bow to Loki.
“Nah,” Tony barked eloquently, pulling back and holding Bucky at arm’s length to glare reprovingly at him. “I don’t know how you think this is your fault, but it’s not. You had nothing to do with it, I—”
“Are you going to be okay?” Maria asked, when Howard was out of earshot.
Natasha tried her hand one more time, being very fond of Pepper even though objectively they had only really spent the one summer together, many years earlier.
Howard shook his head. “Not today,” he answered.
“Well,” Yinsen said. “Your father says you’re quite the young engineer. I don’t imagine that would be impossible.”
That maybe he actually
“What did you—?” Steve started, his voice strained, but didn’t get to finish.
"Whatever that cable is running the the window," Nia answered. "There's a break in the seal; I was able to disarm the house alarm without tripping anything."
“Planning on it,” they chorused, and Nia made a gagging sound.
Tony shrugged unabashedly while Steve stared down at the shield in consternation.
Tony’s face sharpened, and he ignored Steve’s hand to meet his gaze. He searched Steve’s face for a long moment, before his arms dropped to his sides and he walked forwards. Their hands slipped into each other’s like they had done only once before, and Steve allowed Tony to lead again this time. He was not sure he was capable of much higher thought than simply following along. They bypassed the standard dancing position for social events, leaving Tony’s hand warm in Steve’s own, the other a tantalizing press on his back. Tony’s body was oh-so warm through his clothing, and Steve clenched his other hand helplessly in the fabric at his shoulder. They swept around the room in silence for a few steps, before Tony began to hum a gentle tune in his rumbling voice, pulling Steve into a new dance.
“You’re coming to my conference,” Howard answered.
Tony kissed the pad of his thumb without a moment’s hesitation, before reaching up to grab Steve’s wrist and pull his hand forward to press another warm, firm kiss to the center of his palm.
“What?” Nia asked.
Half the trip was spent breathlessly explaining to Bucky what was going on, and trying to break through his disbelief that the Tony currently in the castle was not the real Tony. That Bucky had no reason as of yet to believe Tony blamed him in any way, shape, or form for how their last trip had ended. As soon as he understood the magnitude of what had happened, somewhere between Kingstown and the Great River, Bucky went from morose to
“Not yet,” Howard answered, shaking his head. He got up from the bed, walked to the little desk in the corner of the room, and picked up a folder, which he handed to her  “But that’s the trick of the antonium. It fuses cool, Nia. It
“You're so graceful on the sands,” Tony was gasping between laughs, and Steve was likely a shade of burgundy at this point. “How can you be such a terrible dancer?”
me any of this, Howard.”
And yet, despite knowing that Tony would always be in his life here, something within Steve cried that it was not enough. Cried for more. Cried to lay his hands on Tony’s shoulders, or his head on Tony’s chest, listen to his heart and listen to his wild schemes; to run his fingers through Tony’s dark hair and trace the shape of his beard. Steve was so weak – a fool for ruin. He could not do this to Natasha nor Tony, nor to himself.
He shifted uncomfortably. “This is not my area of expertise, and I am afraid I cannot give you all the answers you seek. My knowledge is limited. Still… blood magic would work in this capacity, as an example. It would, however, require the willing participation of the spell’s subject.”
She obligingly dropped the façade of the demure princess, and looked directly ahead as they walked on. “That was an option to us, Your Highness, but we both felt this would be the less time-consuming route.” Thor chuckled, and she was quick to add: “That is, at least, if you stop leading us around your palace in circles.”
“He—” Steve was unsure how much he could tell her. It was possible Pepper knew that Tony shared his inclinations towards either sex, but that was not an assumption he was at all willing to make blindly, not even to Pepper. “He doesn’t remember things, events that he should. He’s saying things… he’s just…” He struggled for a moment for the right word.
Nia shook her head. “I
Well, Steve had never put much stock in royalty, and though he retained a healthy fear of Natasha for just being Natasha, there was no chance of him backing down. “He's a horrid, spoiled jerk, and I don't understand why you continue defending him,” Steve retorted, drawing himself up to his full height, just an inch or so shorter than her.
“Buck—”
This appeared to be a complete one-eighty reversal on that edict.
“Nat,” Tony said in a choked voice.
Which is how Tony finds himself in his superhumanly attractive neighbor’s apartment, being shown into the little bathroom while wearing nothing more than his Velma Dinkley glasses, ratty U.S.A.F. sweatpants (technically, nobody can
“Try?” Howard asked. “She’s here, isn’t she?”
He froze with a morsel of cheese partway to his mouth when he realized this, and Sam was instantly concerned. Steve brushed away his friend’s worry as best he could, but when the overly perceptive Sam refused to let the moment drop, even with Thor sitting right there, Steve gave him the only piece of reassurance he could. “After tonight,” he said. After tonight, hopefully things would change for the better around the castle. Steve would make an effort with Bucky, who still needed him. Not to mention how badly Steve found himself needing his friend, too.
After a moment of the sounds of quiet conversation and crunching foliage, Natasha and Prince Tony emerged through the trees.
As a result of this cryptic warning, Sam was about as tense as Steve and Pepper were as they all convened in Natasha’s dining chamber that evening, as per their custom, and he did not even have the luxury of a basic idea what was to happen. Bucky had begged off of this meal as well, as he had been doing more and more frequently, Steve now realized. Steve met Pepper’s eye as they seated themselves down the table from each other, and she gave him a placid look.
An older, balding man Steve assumed to be Lord Stane was the first out of the carriage, followed by Tony himself. And despite the fact that Tony was his crown prince, Lord Stane walked boldly in front of him to greet Lord Fury formally, then Natasha. When he bent to lasciviously kiss Natasha’s knuckles, Steve was certain he was not the only one who shuddered in near-revulsion. That business done with, the man ignored Steve, Bucky, and Sam entirely, and Steve’s quick exchange of looks with the others indicated a similar relief across the board. Lord Fury and Lord Stane soon departed together, which left them all to greet Tony in peace.
Steve turned to glare at him and Tony went stiff in his arms.
“I--”  Howard didn’t move, but Maria did, rising from her seat with a regal air, snatching Nia’s arm before she made it to the door.
“I...all right?” Nia said, even as Maria picked up the phone and started dialing.
Tony marched over in the direction of the castle, and Natasha gave his back an open-mouthed look before turning to glare at Steve. She then glided over to take Tony’s arm and escort him properly into her home, while Bucky and Sam rushed over to Steve and demanded to know what had happened.
Steve looked up at him in brief surprise, then impatience. “No.”
He blinked at her.
Soon enough, though, Tony returned his gaze to Steve, who was still feverishly clutching his hands. “Steve,” he said roughly. “Please take me home.”
“I am
.”  But her stomach was growling, and there was a lump in her chest. She clenched her hands into fists, focusing on the pressure of her fingers against her palms, as she walked down the hall from her bedroom to the balcony, down the stairs, and into the dining room, where her parents had agreed, for the special occasion, to meet her together.
“... I’m Steve.”
Still, she thought, selfishly, they had made an exception for her assignment; maybe, maybe she was important enough to save.
“Why?” she asked again, prodding like she wasn’t going to stop until he answered.
“What do you mean, permanent?” Sam asked, frowning. “You think the current spell is not permanent?”
participation of the other person – the mind is a thing magic struggles to touch, no matter the power of the wielder.”
She held the bag of candy aloft. “For funniest costume… Nat, as Nat-in-a-Halloween-costume!”
“Of course not!” Obie objected. “He’s the foremost nuclear engineer we have; you can’t--”
Peggy raised an eyebrow. “And miss my honorary child’s graduation?” she asked.
Here, the outer walls of the house were lined by thick bushes; there was nowhere to easily lean. She sank, weak-kneed, to the grass, crawled beneath the nearest bush, and shut her eyes. the twigs and leaves of the surrounding shrubbery pricking at her uncomfortably, scratching at her arms. She felt herself start to drowse.
Even over the din of the kitchens there was an audible clattering noise from outside, and a moment later Sam came careening into the room. He ducked and wove expertly around the hustle and bustle, clearly searching for Steve amongst the frenzy preceding the midday meal. Steve hunched a little bit in his corner, but Sam spotted him anyway. Sam was a year younger than Steve, but a little tiny bit taller, which was just not fair.
That shut them both up quite efficiently.
When Tony finally got in the carriage and it pulled away, Steve’s chest burned and he could not remove one sole thought from his head.
Sam was shaking his head. “Not a chance.”
Nia grinned, and spread her arms out, thinking about the airplane wings, about where she would put the power source, if she could build herself a set of her own.
“Your father is looking for you, if you have a moment? He says it’s urgent.”
“Yinsen!” Howard called. “What are you doing here?”
“This is all we have,” Tony repeated, his fingers clenching on Steve’s belly through his tunic. “Is having even a little of me not worth it?”
For a moment, Thor looked between her and Clint as though they were no longer speaking in a human tongue. Then, after a few moments of silence, he grew implausibly even paler with shock. “That cannot be,” he said softly, but he was clearly not addressing the pair before him. The words were directed inward, in horror and disbelief. “Has…” Thor swallowed and recovered some of his composure. “Has the prince not been confirmed dead?”
“Lunch and-- oh!” Nia exclaimed, as she recalled her mother’s instructions the day before. “Clothes.”  She looked around the room, and walked to the closet-- two mirrored double-doors that slid open to reveal a rack full of brand new clothing. She took a breath, reaching out with one hand to touch the fabric of the nearest dress.
“Not until the anaesthetic wears off,” said Yinsen. “And my hands are still tied. I’m not sure how much I can do. I’m sorry, Nia.”
“They’ll know you’re lying,” Nia pointed out.
Nia stuck her tongue out. “I don’t read
He wanted Tony so desperately. He had always had him, had always had the luxury of turning him away – but now that he wanted him, he was gone. Now that he needed him whole and hale in his arms, no doubt making some sort of self-deprecating joke or deceptively intelligent comment about the mess Steve had made of all this… now that he could distinguish his desire for Tony from every other daily need he had, he was gone.
“Help?” Howard asked, stepping aside as Nia left the room. “Do you think--”  He looked to Maria.
Pepper was right. Something was very wrong with Tony.
“Tony, that is—”
“Careful—I might swoon on you,” Steve teases, leaning in to loom ominously over him.
Jim and Carol were trading kisses on each other’s noses. Nia looked away, flushing, feeling like she was invading their privacy, even if they were the ones doing it right in front of her.
,” Loki sneered.
Obie held a hand out. "Camera," he instructed, gesturing for the man to hand the camera over.
As they watched from the bank, Bucky and Tony held a series of contests on who was the better splasher, the better swimmer, the better hand-stander or the better breath-holder. A lot of those Tony won, but probably only because he was three whole years older than Bucky, Steve thought mulishly. It wasn’t really fair; he was cheating.
Steve and Bucky went through their day amiably enough, and Bucky was deliberately not talking about Tony, Steve knew. They shoveled out the stables and ran through their various other chores as assigned, but as companions to the princess their work days ended promptly at midday. They ate lunch together down by the creek in the woods rather than partaking in the communal meal in the great hall, chomping their way through the delicious bread, crumbly cheese, and fresh fruit one of the cooks had sliced up for them.
He caught her hand a few paces before they stopped, then snatched at her shoulder, backing her up against the trunk of a tree.
After a moment, Steve obligingly looked up and looked Tony in the eye. His face softened, and Tony’s nerves eased a little. Those blue eyes fell away though, as Steve laced his fingers together on his knees. “The way things were,” Steve said in a controlled voice. “They can no longer be that way.”
“Don’t be a pervert, Steve,” Tony reprimanded, as though he hadn’t totally done that on purpose. “Just do it.” He drummed his hands in an obnoxious rhythm on Steve’s shoulders until he caved, at which point Tony clambered up gracelessly onto his back. He wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist, feeling his enormous forearm snake back to support his weight, then curled one arm around Steve’s neck and threw the other in the air, pointing in Jan’s general direction. “Onwards!”
Tony had a moment to think, “Oh shit,” and Steve a moment to tense up as if to flee, before the child’s mother turned and saw them—and smiled blandly.
being able to take him home, hold him in his arms, and know for
His shoulder was stinging even as he lay still on the hard cot, aching deep below the skin in pulses that threatened to bring tears to his eyes. He wondered if he had broken a bone or two, or merely dislocated it. With a deep breath, he rolled his arm up and felt the telltale agonizing burn of a recently-set shoulder socket. That was a relief, at least. He did his best to catalog the rest of his body, slowly rolling each of his joints and feeling numerous twinges and tears in his skin, but nothing more serious than his already-mended shoulder.
“But--but everyone gets an assignment,” she said, her voice trembling. “I...I’m first in my class. In...in
Shuri cheered for herself along with everyone else, and managed to catch her candy bar using a gripper-arm-thing that extended from the sleeve of her trench coat and scared the hell out of several people standing near her.
. You want that weight on your heads, ladies and gentlemen? Because that's what you get. You're
Steve was an idiot.
Once they were gone, Queen Maria turned to look speculatively at Lord Fury, who was looking back at her and her husband with the same sort of gleam in his one remaining eye.
“So I did,” Steve replies, crooking his head around the door and peering suspiciously down the length of his nose into the tub, then cursorily examining the rest of the small bathroom—as if Tony might be lying, and the spider might be crouching in wait for him behind the toilet or under the striped bath mat. Tony watches him inspect the terrain with a smile threatening at the edges of his mouth. After a moment, Steve turns his stare onto Tony, and a nervous little grin appears. “Should probably just get on with the day, really. I don’t think I’m ready to go back in the water just yet.”
Of course, Bucky instantly disobeyed and shifted his weight as though he were going to try to get his arms underneath himself and sit up – Natasha pushed him firmly back down and Steve refused to let go of his hand. They managed to keep him calm until Bruce finally staggered in, panting deeply, and administered a sleeping draught.
“My friend!” he exclaimed as they rounded another corner. “How is it you have survived so long as a warrior without armor?”
When it was very late and the moon and stars were the only light outside, Natasha suddenly stood up, pecked Tony on the temple, and left the room without a word. Tony had only a moment to be startled before she was joined by Clint, Sam, and Bucky, who said something like, “But Nat is far scarier than you,” to Steve before he too was suddenly gone.
Steve opened his mouth to continue arguing, but before he could make a sound Natasha decided to drop down from the rigging between them like a spider from her web, landing in a crouch and effectively startling them both into silence.
“Hello, Steve,” Tony said tightly. Then, “Hello, Sam,” he beamed in Sam’s direction, which made Steve scowl even more.
“Well,” Howard said. “You saw how things were going down there. If they know I’ve actually synthesized the element, they’re not going to let up; they’re going to want it. They’re going to try to weaponize it. And if it can power a city for ten years, imagine what it could do if--”
They stayed in silence for a little while longer – then Thor seemed to gather himself up. His crossed arms became authoritative rather than injured, as he planted his feet solidly on the stone floor. “I believe you are correct about my brother’s involvement in the things you speak of,” he announced sternly.
the easy way first.
He had fine golden hair, and she wondered, as she looked at how it curled just behind his ears, at his smooth skin, if her parents had to shave him, if they gave his hair a trim now and then.
Steve was well on his way to becoming an exemplary knight. He had been well-trained in chivalry and other such knightly trappings, and over the past few years Tony had been extremely gratified to find that he now had to work that little bit harder to draw out the snarky little terror he knew lay behind those polite blue eyes. Steve had grown far taller as well, outstripping even Bucky the last time Tony had seen him, and therefore Tony too by a rather disconcerting margin.
, but you’re not going to turn anybody to stone.”
She forced her eyelids open and came face to face with a yellow sheet, cutting off her view from the rest of her body. The rest of the room was blurry-- she saw a man-shaped figure which she suspected must be Doctor Yinsen, but not much else.
She was blushing. She was
Sure there were long looks and awkward silences, but also venting and arguments and make-up hugs, surprise dinners and gifts, impromptu snuggling while watching movies, and all those things that—in Tony’s admittedly lacking experience—smacked of couple-dom.
“Jarvis knows?” Nia asked.
“Toni?” said a familiar voice, as she crossed the threshold.
Steve found the entire debate repugnant. He did not need to hear people argue to and fro about what heinous acts Bucky may or may not have performed and why, and he had no idea how Natasha could stand to listen to it for as long as it lasted before Lord Fury eventually ended the debate with finality. There had, after all, been a pre-existing threat against both prince and princess as the nearby realm of Asgard began to gear itself up for another terrible civil war. Political pawns were highly sought-after in these sorts of situations, and that was explanation enough for a disappearance rather than an outright assassination.
, and even the soldiers here wore uniforms with holes and patches that would have been bad enough to warrant an infraction at home.
Natasha leveled him with a piercing look. “We believe he may be responsible for an attack upon my lands four months gone. It was perpetrated by a formidable magic-user, resulting in eight deaths and as many injuries, some grievous.”
"You're starting at Academy soon," he had said.
The child followed a little longer, but the car sped up as the traffic cleared, leaving him in the dust.
She forced herself to look at the stage while Hank Pym took his assignment in molecular biology.
“Thank you,” he said politely, feeling like a fool.
She had peered at the newspaper on his desk; the cover story was about an execution, about a couple named Wendell and Heather Rand who had been accused of treason and conspiracy against UNITY. They had supposedly been transporting information to the Territories, though Nia had no idea what that meant, and they had apparently overstayed visas, been unaccounted for, supposedly had been seen conspiring with enemies of UNITY.
Ty struck a pose, saluting and flexing his muscles at the same time, and he shot her a conspiratorial look, though Nia wasn't sure what the conspiracy was.
“You don’t say,” Bucky muttered, making Tony shove him with his shoulder.
to observe his condition.”
“Steve!” he barked in his ear. “Steve! Steven! Thteeeev!” he lisped, desperately trying not to laugh and wondering if he was a lot drunker than he’d thought, or if he was just a little punch-drunk on being manhandled by the guy he was half in love with.
against regulation, even for off-hours clothing, and white shorts that were just as likely to earn her a infraction if someone saw them.
Maria was quiet for a moment, then nodded. “Who do you work for?” she asked.
Offended by the rock-like surface he was apparently supposed to sleep on for the next four years, Tony resigned himself to sleeping on the couch until a new mattress could arrive. It would be worth it if he could actually get a good night’s sleep. He flung himself up and bounced on the bed a few times to see if he could break it in a bit, and maybe a little bit out of spite for its betrayal.
She reached for the doorknob, her hand shivering and a little numb, then stopped, realizing that here she was, that this was the room she’d been trying to find a way into for
Howard scrubbed at his hair with his hand. “Do you know why we gave you such a stuffy old-ladies’ name?” he asked. “Do you know what it means?”
Steve felt a flush of panic, feeling that he had missed something, and that he would miss something bigger if he allowed Tony to leave right then. He jumped to his feet and reached out to grasp at Tony’s sleeve when he passed by. “Wait,” he said, not quite as urgently as he felt, pinching the white sleeve of Tony’s shirt between the tips of his fingers and trying to hold the man in place.
Bucky dutifully accompanied them to the docks, but not before sending Steve a few dirty glares. Though nobody knew exactly what had taken place between Steve and Tony the night before, they all seemed to have some idea. Natasha, in particular, kept sending Steve very narrow looks; but she was too preoccupied with sending Tony and the other visitors off to follow through on the threat. Sam seemed oddly… disappointed with the coldness that had sprung up between Steve and Tony, while Clint just looked tired of the whole affair.
She locked her arm through Ty’s and forcibly dragged him toward their seats, him stumbling in her wake, in spite of the fact that he was larger and stronger.
known the room existed for so long.
“It’s good to see you, too,” Ty said.
And then she woke up, and he wasn't in bed with her, and she knew they hadn't worked things out, and it was still dark out, and everything that had happened the day before was still
Nia winced. "He won't be gone," she said. "He somehow managed to follow me from New York; he's not going to let the distance of a few hotel rooms get in the way."
Tony had gaped down at it for a good twenty seconds, then leaped off and flopped to the floorboards on his belly to peek underneath. He hadn’t turned on the lights and couldn’t see much, just what looked like a big fuzzy blanket all rolled up and stuffed beneath the bedframe. He stared for a few seconds longer…
The light came on, dim and golden, and she smiled as she saw the door only a few inches away from where her hand rested on the switch.
She started shuffling across the floor blindly again, palms facing forward, and a few paces later, she hit paint and plaster, the rigid feeling of eggshell finish beneath her fingers. She shut her eyes-- it wasn’t as if they were doing her much good; there was too little light even for her vision to adjust-- and felt along the wall until she found a knob that felt like it might be a lightswitch.
Steve had claimed another armchair for his own about an hour earlier, and Tony was pretty sure he’d been napping in the damn thing, the party pooper. Tony, for his part, had been making the rounds with people he knew, people he knew of, and people he didn’t know at all—though he was always aware of where Steve was, and kind of wishing he was where Steve was.
She looked back at Jim and Carol, who were staring affectionately into each other’s eyes and whispering, and figured she could give them the time alone.
Tony was gone.
That was how Jarvis found them, a half-hour later, with Nia, no longer crying, but red-eyed and crusty-nosed, lying on the sofa with her head in her mother’s lap, Maria’s fingers combing gently through her hair.
As Tony’s thumb moved down Steve’s jaw and on to the cords of his neck, the hot, beating desire that had been overtaking Steve’s mind started to recede.
“I’m not ready,” Nia murmured. “I’m not.”
And Yinsen…
“Night? Uh – right, that night. With the… yeah,” Tony muttered, glancing at Steve and awkwardly away again, which hurt more than Steve would have thought it could.
Loki had last been seen in the capitol, rotting in a prison cell beneath the city after his attempt to murder his father, the king, and his successful murder of his queen and mother. As far as all official reports were concerned, Loki was still imprisoned in Asgard – but Clint had found out on his last trip it was suspected that the wayward prince had in fact recently escaped his father’s and brother’s clutches, and disappeared into the wider realms.
“How do you know about these things?” Steve asked in a hushed whisper, afraid they might get caught.
“Well, you're not wrong,” came a voice from Steve’s left, where his hearing was still a little spotty after the small accident in the stables a few years back.
Once he started he could not bring himself to stop, not even when Tony pounced on him and tried his very best to silence him with fervent, pecking kisses.
She had gotten tired of waiting. It was just like Howard, to call her to meet with him and then vanish, and she supposed he would call her back when he wanted to speak. She had been trying to decide how to wear her hair on the first day of her Academy lessons. Regulations for Academy dictated her clothing-- blue trousers, blue shirt, brown boots, a single star on her shoulder to designate her class year-- and she was grateful, as fashion was something she'd never quite understood, but her hair was her own problem.
“Okay, now for best group costume!”
“Talk,” Natasha demanded, indicating for Clint to come sit with them at the table.
After a long moment of silence, Natasha pulled back and grabbed Tony’s face between her hands. She stared at him for a moment, then leaned in and pressed a kiss to his lips, the tip of his nose, then tilted his head down to kiss his forehead. “We are taking you home,” she murmured.
“I said I’d go.”  Nia crossed her arms over her chest and sat, still, in the backseat of the car.
Steve scowled at him, not buying his bullshit. But Tony retook his elbow before he could complain and started marching them down the street in the general direction of the address Jan had texted him.
Years ago, months ago, even days ago, Nia would have jumped at the chance, if Howard had invited her to see him work, but today-- this morning-- after the previous night, it all seemed too sudden.
He was wearing khaki pants that were just a little too short for him, no shoes, and a big blue cape that swept down almost to the tarmac.
He came to Steve, and all they could do was stare at each other until Tony finally broke and held out his arms. And although Steve was taller than Tony now, able to just barely tuck the prince under his neck so that Tony’s nose pressed against the bone of his jaw, Steve felt like Tony surrounded him completely. Tony was safe, and kind, and an infinite challenge.
” Ty demanded of the crowd. “I’m the heir to Viastone. You put her in the press; I’ll put
He tried to kiss her again, and she groaned, and leaned out of the way. “I thought we were talking?”
“Uh, don’t know about a Peggy,” Tony said, his scowl morphing into a frown. “But my dad bought the place from Sharon Carter? I think she inherited it from her aunt, or grandma or something.”
It was then that Tony realized that what he had thought was a torch was in fact a long scepter in the man’s hand – tipped with a golden stone glowing as though it were flame made solid. An enchanted gem, no doubt, and Tony amended his assessment of exactly how bad a situation he was in.
“I really am sorry…” says the vision in front of him, starting to gently and charmingly shift his weight from foot to foot. (Sadly, he seems to think better of it when the towel slips tantalizingly low on his hipbones and has to be immediately grasped in the name of public decency.)
“Isn’t this nice?” Tony said when they entered the room, spinning around and looking at everything like he’d never seen it before. He collapsed on Clint’s couch and closed his eyes with a sigh, while Steve frowned and walked over to the low chaise Tony normally used and ran a hand along the deep blue fabric of the backrest.
, Obie.”  She spoke to the window, not to him, and she scrunched up her face as she inspected her reflection.
"I hardly think that's reason enough you would let any harm come to the child," said the surgeon.
It had been almost exactly like her bedroom in the other half of the house-- same paint, same wallpaper, same furniture, same carpet. Even some of the same tchotchkes and toys and books. Her clothing had been moved over from one side of the house to the other while she had been at the hospital, and the few belongings that couldn’t be duplicated had been moved with them.
The office was slick, all translucent, milk-white glass and smooth metal surfaces, silver and gleaming. It was neat as a pin, and Nia had sat upright in the leather-and-chrome chair that faced her mother’s desk.
Had Steve had his way, Tony would not have left his sight for weeks after his return. Since Steve was not, unfortunately, even remotely the highest-ranking person interested in Tony’s rescue, he had very little say in the following events.
Moments later, the footsteps resounding through the place and disguising their number resolved slowly into a single pair of boots, striding in the direction of Tony’s cell. Keys scraped in the lock on the door, and what remained of Tony’s optimism about his situation crashed to the ground. When the door swung open, the light from a single fiery torch danced abruptly into the room, burning Tony’s eyes despite how small the flame was. By the time he had adjusted to the light, the door was closed once more, and a tall man was standing before it, staring back at him.
Prince Thor was extremely tall, as expected, and had brilliant blue eyes like the other prince, but that might be where the likeness to Loki abruptly ended. The man was built like a siege tower, with vast shoulders, a broad chest over a waist thick with muscle, and as he strode into the room his bare arms bulged defiantly out from beneath his navy cloak. His hair was long, waved like water and the color of gleaming sand, braided intricately with stones and beads, and decoratively looped around his head in lieu of a crown.
“We still have time. For you to leave, I mean. It’s still Halloween, right? People will still think you’re in costume. You can go. You can go anywhere you want. I’ll buy you a ticket, uh, cab’s probably not the best idea. I, uh, I don’t have a car but the bus is okay, you know, it’s one of those weird places where people just don’t give a shit, you can show up all… you. And it’ll be fine. It’ll be fine. You can go. Wherever you want. I can give you money. I’ll give you whatever you need, okay? You don’t have to worry. You don’t have to stay here if you don’t want to. You don’t have to—”
"Help!" She shouted. "Oh, God, help!"
But he realized, with a sort of disappointed lurch, that he had been too overwhelmed at the time to properly remember what Tony’s beard felt like on his skin, even after years of wondering and longing.
in the misguided belief that it would simply right itself? He should have listened to Pepper – she was rational, she was smart, and she was by no means prone to spurious accusations and wild theorizing. If she said there was something wrong with Tony, he should have believed her. And no matter how much Steve loved Tony, Pepper had simply known him longer, probably even known him better, and, and… how could they have been so foolish?
,” Obie objected. “We’ve been trying to smoke them out since the war. I say, if a chance presents itself--”
Steve’s hands clenched in Bucky’s blanket, and he had to get out of the room immediately.
Then his nerves were shooting back in full force – because although Steve hugged him, he remained tense and unhappy the entire time.
Steve made a garbled noise of protest while Tony beamed and ruffled the wavy golden fur on top of his head. “This is Steve, my boyfriend.”
Tony stared suspiciously up at the guy, at his blue eyes, and damn it all. Those blue eyes were ones he absolutely recognized.
It was a relief, to hear him say it, in his reassuring, kind tone, and he reached over and patted her shoulder, and she straightened up a little bit. It was easier, certainly, than saying it herself, even if she still didn’t want to admit it.
"Hello, my dear," he said, and she felt the impulse, as the rage rose in her head, to tell him she wasn't his dear, but she managed to keep her mouth shut this time.
the man asked.
Her uniform was as clean and crisp as could be, and she sat up a little straighter, reaching for her blue cap. She always had imagined herself tall and elegant, with long legs and a tiny waist, looking just like the photographs in the pamphlets UNITY sent to all graduates. But she was still small, still had short legs and a pudgy belly in spite of her valiant attempt to do as many sit-ups as humanly possible. She felt like a child playing dress-up in someone else’s clothes.
?” Tony demanded, but there was hurt and confusion in that word along with the frustration. “Tell me the truth! I know you want this, I know you want me. I want you so badly, I don’t understand
Steve held out for as long as he could, but soon he was inching forward into the lee of their arms, pressing his chest against Tony’s to feel the vibrations of his deep voice. This put their faces a breath apart, cheek to cheek, and Tony turned his head slightly to brush his nose along the flushed skin of Steve’s cheekbone.
Tony had only once been exposed to magic, as a young child; when the Asgardian Queen Frigga visited his home on a state tour. He had been all of four years old at the time, and had been playing with Rhodey out in the gardens as Queens Maria and Frigga were walking together along the flowerbeds. With a startled cry, he had tripped over an uneven patch and fallen hard along the cobbled path. His mother had cradled him to her chest, fussing over his torn-up knees and palms, while Rhodey hovered, the slightly older boy still ill at ease around Tony’s very prim and unforgiving mother.
She looked to both of her parents. “Thanks,” she said.
He cut off at the sound of pounding footsteps in the hall outside. After exchanging a quick, confused look, both Sam and Steve rolled to their feet – someone literally running through the castle hallways this late in the afternoon did not bode well by any means.
But on the other hand… Steve did not want Tony to marry anyone, even Natasha. He supposed this feeling was irrational, since he was fairly certain he had spent most of his childhood loathing Tony. But when he expressed this feeling to the others, Sam gave him a pitying look, Bucky gave him a thwap on the head and told him not to be an idiot, and Natasha just flew into another rant. He was not, to be honest, entirely sure what to make of all this.
One evening, they were all lounging in the drawing room together: Bucky curled up on Natasha’s lap and Clint curled up on Bucky’s, while Sam attempted bravely to teach Steve how to dance yet again. Tony accompanied their efforts on the harpsichord, but not long into the endeavor he was laughing so hard there were tears on his cheeks and he certainly could not play any longer. Sam threw his hands up in despair and went to go sit on the couch opposite the one containing the Natasha-Bucky-Clint knot.
Her hand pressed up against the glass, she leaned forward, trying to peer inside, trying to figure, from her mental map of the house, what part of the cellar she was near.
Natasha somehow cajoled Tony into tucking her hand beneath his arm, so that he could escort her from the room like the adults did. The entire assembly watched them go with varying expressions of surprise and pleasure on their faces. It was, objectively, an adorable sight – the tiny red-headed princess in a glittering white and gold dress, marshaling the older boy to follow her commands. It took quite a while for her short legs to traverse the hall, with Tony having to shorten his stride to pace her. The guards at the end of the hall dutifully opened the doors to let the children leave, followed by an amused Lady Hill.
,” Steve finally managed to get out, which sent Bucky and Sam into paroxysms of laughter, while Tony and Clint beamed and Natasha just smirked.
Sam gently urged her aside, while Steve was beginning to breathe for what felt like the first time since he had seen the carriage.
Tony scowled. “That’s a problem. I live here. My dad owns this condo. So try again.”
They had been in the carriage, on the road to the docks. His mother was trying to discern why he looked so melancholy after such a wonderful feast, and his father was berating him for looking forlorn in front of the princess – as if Natasha cared, at this point, about him keeping up appearances. Not that either of his parents were terribly up to date on his relationship with her, for all they would not stop talking and questioning him about it. Honestly, Tony was fairly certain they both thought he and the princess had been having sexual dalliances together for years, and he had to studiously remind himself not to think about his parents arranging for an eight-year-old and a five-year-old to spend their summers together in the hopes that they would get a head start on their conjugal obligations.
“Hey!”
Just as her eyes drooped shut, the hall was flooded with bright light.
“What?” Tony hissed, recoiling. “That’s a lie, and you know it.”
“James?” Natasha said, softly. This was not the first time they had been disappointed by the unfulfilled promise of his emergence from sleep. “James?”
Nia sucked in one final breath, and marched onto the stage. She tried to stand up straight, but she was sure she was standing too stiffly, she probably looked like a robot, her feet were probably stomping too loudly, so loudly they could be heard all the way at the farthest points of the amphitheater.
“Oh, uh,” Tony’s eyes flitted from Steve to the door to the stone floor and back again. “Sounds… sure, the drawing room, yes. Let’s…” He sprung to his feet, and Steve quickly looked him over, noting that he was slowly gaining back the weight he had lost, but that he still did not look much less sickly than before. His eyes still lacked the solidity they had had prior to his kidnapping, their bracing fire, and his mouth lacked the self-assured curl. Upon his return, he had completely shaved his face and Steve, oddly, found that he missed the elaborate beard Tony had been working on for the past few years.
It was just a swan, just like all the others. It was white, with an orange bill and black masked markings on its face. It was not the largest swan on the lake, nor the smallest. There was nothing noteworthy about it except for the fact that it was staring at them like that.
“You’re behind this?” he choked out, staring up at the stone ceiling. “I don’t… I—”
“I’m concerned,” Yinsen said, when they were out of Obie’s earshot. “That UNITY is going to make a decision that doesn’t take into consideration that this current generation of Hydra is gaining support from locals because of the steep inequities that UNITY has yet to correct. Add there's a rumor that January--”
So he turned to Natasha and offered his arm, which she took gladly. “Have you started learning mathematics yet?” he asked her, as they walked up the steps into the keep.
“Do you
Obie, too, seemed to notice the change in Howard’s demeanor, and clapped Howard on the back, giving him a placating look. “Fine,” he said. “We’ll discuss it later. You two need to get settled in, after all.”
Or, perhaps worse – had Loki implanted false memories in his mind? Was that even possible?
“—Then where is he?” Pepper finished harshly.
“You must be!” Tony snapped, giving Steve a look of disgust. “Why else—” He cut himself off abruptly, before putting his hands on his hips and fixing Steve with a deeply unnerving stare. “That is sad, Rogers. Falling for a
He chased those thoughts back, because they were selfish and useless, and there were more important things to worry about than his heartbreak.
“Of course I’m here,” Obie said, looking somewhat amused. “What happened, UNITY couldn’t figure out what to do with you, so your father put your to work?” he asked, though he gave Howard a sidelong glance and Nia wondered how much Obie suspected. He had to think
“Stay by me,” Howard instructed, as they deboarded the plane. “Men here...don’t treat women like they do back home. It’s not safe.”
“I don’t understand,” Tony said, plaintively. “Are you… are you lying?”
But it was all tainted a bit by how much her friend obviously didn’t like him at all.
The audience went silent. There was no polite applause.
Steve takes his hand and gives it a cursory look, then cups his fingers and palm around it and sets it casually on the table, all wrapped up in his own. Tony looks down to where they are now blatantly holding hands, and doesn’t bother to suppress a delighted laugh at the guy’s sheer nerve.
“Tony?” came a tentative voice from behind them, and Steve loosened his death-grip on Tony’s nape enough for Tony to peer over his shoulder.
She had left his office just in time to hear the squeal of the hinges on the secret door behind the bookcase in the dining room. Fearful of being caught, not wanting her father to know she knew about the secret door, she'd hid herself in the doorway to his office.
"Come on," Obie offered, putting a hand to Nia's shoulder. "I'll walk you to your seat."
She smiled wanly up at him. “I’m sure I’ll think of something.”
They both immediately started laughing and cheering, sprinting back to the castle to tell Natasha, then cornering Sam at supper to tell him the wonderful news.
“That’s it!” Clint yelled, reaching behind him for his bow and then nocking an arrow. “Back off, you stupid bird.”
Satisfied, Clint nodded and swung his bow up onto his back with a playful spin. He pointed an accusatory finger at the bird. “And don’t you try anything once my back is turned.”
Tony had shed his cloak at some point, standing a short distance from the door with his hands behind his back, peering at Steve.
“Hibernating,” she said. “The obvious answer would be raising the temperature, right? So let’s assume they already tried that. I guess they’ve already calculated that this is the optimal temperature, right? Okay. So.”
Steve reached up and touched her face, very close, and for a moment, she thought he was going to kiss her, but instead, he whispered to her.
“We don't yet know exactly when, or even
Tony interrupted him right back. “It’s Halloween, Steven!” He made a woo-woo-wiggly-fingers motion with the hand that wasn’t wrapped around Steve’s wrist. “Their first thought isn’t gonna be, ‘oh shit, look at that scary monster!’ It’s gonna be, ‘oh shit, look at that badass monster!’ They’re going to think you have the best damn costume they’ve ever seen!”
“No,” Howard said. “His heart’s fine. Everything’s fine. His vitals are perfect. We just haven’t been able to revive him.”
“Miss, you’ll have to leave the stage now,” said the Dean. “May I wish you congratulations on your graduation?”
“That also means he will not be able to break the spell before the wedding,” Natasha pointed out sternly, before turning to look a little apologetically at Tony. “We were hoping there would be a clue in his notes, but none of them whatsoever seem to be regarding this swan spell on you, nor the one on the impostor. Then there is the matter of the traitor in my household,” she added in a snarl.
So despite their misgivings, the impostor was left alone for the time being.
“How can I be happy that you have to marry that—that—” His words abandoned him, and he just made an infuriated gesture with his arms. “You should be upset! You should demand that you be allowed to marry Bucky! You're going to be the queen! You—”
They sat in the first class cabin on the plane, and the flight attendant offered her a drink. She watched her father to take her cue-- of course Howard ordered a whiskey, so Nia took a glass of red wine, drank it much too quickly, and settled down beneath the not-quite-sufficient airplane blanket and fell immediately to sleep, finding the lull of the engines strangely comforting.
. A human man.
, he was actually beginning to believe that the guy was telling the truth.
“Target eliminated,” Tony calls out to Steve over the sound of the toilet flushing. “You can get back in the shower now.” No, wait, no. “Once I’m—you know, not right
Natasha folded her arms over her stomach. “No, I do not think it is.”
He was just beginning to make progress with Steve, too. Or at least he thought he was. The boy had been in a permanent sulk for at least the first week of Tony’s stay at the castle. When he wasn’t sulking he was angry, and when he wasn’t sulking
“But where?” Pepper asked, glaring at them all. “You said the castle was a wreck, and you searched it from top to bottom.”
Natasha had called him a bully.
Not five minutes later, Steve and Sam were astride their horses and pounding at full tilt down the road towards the coast. Clint stayed behind only because Fury commanded that he confine Natasha to the castle. As much as Natasha snapped and snarled that she was more than fit to make the journey, Lord Fury would not hear a word of allowing his ward and princess to venture out into the heart of an unidentified danger in the middle of a storm.
“I missed you too, Nat,” Tony said, his hands crumpling her emerald dress as he squeezed her tight.
He had found Tony, his Tony. He was alive. He was safe. The nightmare of uncertainty was finally over.
“If Loki enchanted someone else to look like Tony,” Sam conjectured, tapping his fingers on the tabletop. “Could he have also enchanted Tony to look like someone else?”
“So, uh, why were you under my bed?”
Nia felt like a fist had punched her in the chest. “Wh--”  Her voice quavered. “What?
“Young man,” said the Dean. “You are legally obligated to accept your assignment.”
He knew that they wanted him to marry Natasha one day when they were grown up, and as much as he didn’t hate the idea, he knew Natasha would not want him – and even if she didn’t mind him, it hardly mattered what either of them thought, in the end, because they would not really have a say in who they married anyway.
“How inconvenient,” Tony grimaced. “So he used my nosebleed to turn some schmuck into his insurance policy, and, what, planned to wait me out forever to make himself look like me?”
The summer after Tony turned twenty-one, he looked out the window of the carriage as it rumbled through the hills of Natasha’s kingdom, wondering why people had to make life so complicated.
“It makes me wish I had wings,” Nia admitted.
The crowd went silent for a moment, before a murmur ran through the people who were still standing, watching. They didn’t stop snapping photos, but now they were snapping photos of both of them, of Ty and Nia, and Nia wanted to sink into the ground.
The source of the blood became all too clear. Steve felt his knees give way briefly, but it was enough to send him crashing down into the mud.
Steve liked that Tony thought he was worth the effort.
He squeezed her hand as they sat. She withdrew it, guiltily. They were surrounded by other students now, students who knew them both, students who’d spread gossip if anything was overheard.
Steve set off at a sleek gallop, trusting his horse to keep her footing as they sped back through the rain towards the castle.
Standing where Tony had been just a moment before was a man about five years his elder, his long face punctuated by a narrow, hooked nose, thin lips parted slightly in shock, and heavy-lidded brown eyes widened in horror. Steve had no idea who he was – and he quickly realized that they had absolutely no idea where Tony was, either.
“Indeed,” Lord Fury agreed.
Tony grinned, burying his face in the long hair on the back of Steve’s head. “Don’t be like that, Beast Mode. You’ll always be my favorite monster.”
Thor roared like he might actually happily tear Stane’s head from his neck, while Natasha ordered him to be arrested even through Stane’s virulent protestations. Pepper sprinted for the doors, followed hotly by Sam.
That light did not reach the bed where Steve sat. “I did what was necessary,” he said, after a while. His ribs felt too tight even as he told what he knew was the truth – he did not understand why it felt like a lie.
For the next few days, it appeared it was Tony’s turn to avoid Steve, since Steve was certainly making no conscious effort and he barely even saw the man’s shadow after the night in the drawing room.
“Yeah, wasn’t expecting to be outed as a monster-f—lover in front of half of my class,” Tony joked. Judging by Steve’s wince, it maybe wasn’t as funny as he’d hoped.
“I don’t see why not,” said Maria. “There’s not...there isn’t much to do on a day-to-day basis; it’s mostly just checking stats and observing conditions.”
“My father won’t bite. He won’t give in.”
As the weeks slipped past leading up to the departure of the visiting royals—and a feast in their honor which, Natasha insisted slyly, would also serve as a late celebration of Steve’s nineteenth birthday—Steve began to suffer more and more each day from the bond tightening within him, demanding that he return to Tony’s side. The man was never more than a few rooms away from him for weeks on end, and yet they had not shared a single word that did not concern business. Tony’s looks were becoming both more prominent and more desperate, and Steve found—to his shame—that he was beginning to hope that Tony would break and finally approach him.
When Tony arrived at Natasha’s castle the next summer, neither Bucky nor Steve were present – off on a training mission in the northern mountains with Sir Alexander.
“Stop it?” she asked. “You were trying to stop them from not assigning me? Or…”  She sniffled, shook her head, looked from one parent to the other.
Tony snorts, then has to struggle against his face’s sudden urge to fall. He supposes that’s fair. He hadn’t said he needed the promised coffee immediately. Why the hell
And Steve hardly had a chance to sketch a bow and return, “Goodnight, Tony,” before the prince was darting from the room like a startled stoat.
And then the bird dove beneath the surface of the water. The glow followed, blocking out every glimpse of where the swan’s body touched the water of the lake. So all they could see was a rapidly expanding light dipping below the waterline, where it stayed and churned beneath the surface of the lake for several agonizing moments.
"Nia!"
Tony gaped at the guy who was standing in front of him with his arms also raised. Only instead of looking aggressive, he looked like he was trying to placate Tony.
Apparently not, because Steve is now dressed and pressed and put together, and, well… he’s still incredibly pretty, but Tony at least has some idea now of how he’d missed the incredible hotness up until this point. Somewhere between the checkered button-down and the pleated khakis lies the answer. But mostly now he looks at Steve and sees earnest blue eyes, a crooked grin, and a fetching phobia of spiders scrabbling up his leg while wet and naked, and oh god, his brain sticks for a moment on
Steve just smirks at him, rubbing the pad of his thumb over Tony’s knuckles.
From near the front of the formation created by the five of them, Bucky blindly sought Steve’s shoulder and clamped his hand around it. Steve was perfectly still, coiled like a wild animal waiting to strike, itching to catch a glimpse or a scent or a whisper of Natasha’s return. She was not with them in the forest, waiting anxiously – for she was ahead of them, scouting out the ruins beyond.
. I’m sorry I punched you, but you were
The castle was his home and he knew it as well as anyone, so it was simple to slip out of his chambers in his stocking feet, down the hall and up one of the servants’ spiral staircases. The guards’ routines were equally as familiar to him, so he avoided them with ease and finally made his way un-accosted to the exact door he wanted. Any extra noise he made was swallowed by the sounds of the warm summer storm pouring rain outside, wailing against the stone walls and glass windows of the keep. The door he wanted opened easily under his hand in the split second gap between the guard’s patrol of this corridor and the next, and Steve was inside in another heartbeat.
‘Steve’ huffed and drew himself up. “I’m not a monster.”
Nia blinked, shook her head, blinked again. “What? Why?”
The Asgardian’s eyes seemed to glow gold for a moment. “If I cannot coerce you, if you are too
Tony laughed despite himself – and despite the little curl of hurt in his stomach, one he was not yet sure would ever go away at the mention of Steve’s name.
“UNITY won't negotiate with terrorists, even if it means my life," she answered, as coldly, as stoically as she could.
Tony recognizes that his brain is malfunctioning even as he speaks. He can almost feel the wires being crossed somewhere between
She circled the house, back to the kitchen door, and found it locked. “Fuck,” she muttered. Jarvis must have gone to bed. She groaned, and walked around the house, looking for a first-floor window that was open, even a crack. She knew how to jimmy one open, or pick a lock, but Howard had installed his own impeccable security all around the house, and the only way to fool the alarms was to start with a door or window that was already open-- something she’d learned the hard way when she was fourteen.
“I hate you,” Steve grumbled just loud enough that Tony could hear him.
A few weeks later, Tony’s parents arrived with a fair assemblage of Menahahte nobility, filling the large castle to the brim with bustling bodies and riotous sound.
Feeling like his heart was going to beat right through his ribs, Steve took another involuntary step forward as the swan looked up – looked right at him.
“My brother,” Clint told them, his face contracted with old grief, and Natasha touched his arm in sympathy for a hurt she had not known of. Nor had she ever experienced it, for her most enduring beloved ones—Tony, Steve, and James—had never caused her such heartache. The mere thought of it was both ludicrous and inexplicably dreadful to contemplate.
“Wrong,” Pepper supplied, and he nodded reluctantly. “Oh, Steve,” she said in a rush, grabbing his hand. “I cannot tell you how good it is to hear this. I thought perhaps I… but you’re right. The man in Tony’s room is not the man I have known for fifteen years, but I don’t know…”
“It’s true!” Hammer whined from where Thor was doing his best to restrain him without breaking any of his bones. “I would pose as King Anthony while Stane ruled from the shadows! Don’t you see? He used me! It’s not my fault! I—”
“I told you I didn’t
“What’s the worst that could happen?” Sam pestered.
The storm was a summer spell, and would not last much longer. After a brief moment of consideration, he leaned over the desk and grabbed the window latch, depressing it and letting the window swing outward. The sound of the rain flew in along with the fat raindrops, and Steve allowed himself a moment to ensure the droplets were hitting the open notebook before turning and scampering from the room like a rabbit from a foxhole.
Clint had no answer for that, for either option seemed equally absurd. He threw his hands in the air helplessly. “Who else could it possibly be?”
“I love you,” Tony whispered, pretty confident that Steve wouldn’t hear him even with his super-beast hearing, what with Tony’s face being crushed against his chest and all.
Nia had shaken her head.
While Steve lost himself in frantic thought, Tony…
Tony’s eyes were large and bright, challenging Steve and refusing to back down. It was one of the things about Tony that made Steve’s stomach tighten with affection - that stubbornness to match Steve’s own. Only, these days Steve was simply too compromised by his own desires and traitorous heart to step up to Tony’s challenging glares.
After a moment to gather himself, Steve turned and shouted back for Sam to come down.
Not when Loki visited the castle sometimes in the morning, just to pin Tony to the ground within the castle walls and watch him writhe and scream as the sun rose.
“Are you ready?” Obie asked, after the car pulled out of the driveway.
She winced, and looked at Maria, who was watching Nia with some consternation.
Steve swallowed. “I can’t. I can’t do this.”
With a put-upon sigh, Steve looked at Natasha: at her pretty green eyes and her pretty red curls. She looked sincere. Then he looked back at Bucky, whom Tony had now balanced very precariously on his shoulders as he stomped around in the waist-high water, and Bucky attempted to direct him by tugging on his sopping black hair. Both of them were grinning and laughing, and Steve felt very jealous for a moment.
to look like Tony?”
, for fuck’s sake!” Nia scolded.
getting to control what I do, like-- like--Can’t Howard
The Asgardian shrugged carelessly. “Perhaps I am. I only mean to tell you now that you will never be found. Do not let false hope keep you from doing what is smart, Stark.”
With a reassuring tap on Tony’s shoulder, he reached into Tony’s shirt and pulled out the amulet, admiring its craftsmanship for a little while before lifting Tony’s arm to hover over his own chest. Tony tried to fight, but the blood loss not only from his elbow but also what was almost certainly leaking from the wound in his chest was leaving his head feathery and his limbs weak.
So when Tony arrived at the castle the next summer, he was greeted not only by Lord Fury, Lady Hill, assorted other staff and the princess herself, but also two small boys of about the princess’s age. One had dark hair and light eyes, skin gold from the sun, a cut healing on his cheek, and a pout on his lips that Tony would soon learn was a constant feature. He was a tiny thing, Tony noticed as he walked warily closer, probably Natasha’s age, though he was smaller than her.
It looked so strange in the dark, but he had cherished memories of running through these trees with Natasha when they were very young, Bucky and Steve as they got older, and Clint and Sam when they were older still. Here he had had friends, here he had been loved. This was a place of peace and joy. This is where they had once brought his mother for a picnic, where the men had splashed foolishly in the calm waters of the creek while the ladies teased and scolded them from the grass bank.
“And I am no royal.”
“It just doesn’t seem like such a good idea.”
He couldn’t help it: Tony blinked at him. Did that mean that Steve…?
It was as Tony did his best to obey his mother and stop sobbing that Queen Frigga knelt beside the pair of them, after laying a calming hand on Rhodey’s shoulder. She was older than Tony’s mother, and very beautiful with a soft face, kind eyes, and hair a much darker gold than Maria’s. The foreign queen had reached out to Tony, chanting something in a soothing voice that Tony could not understand, and then—with a flush of glimmering light—the skin of his knee beneath her fingertips knitted itself back together, spitting out the gravel ground into the wound and leaving no trace of it but the smears of blood. Tony stared at her in utter shock, and even Maria was transfixed as Queen Frigga deftly healed Tony’s other knee and then, after gently taking his wrists, his hands as well.
Prince Tony who had an actual chance with Natasha, whom Natasha thought was wonderful, whom Natasha brought here and ignored Steve to talk to all the stupid day.
"In a manner of speaking," said Maria. "Do you want to meet him?"
“Who?” Tony grimaced, swatting his hand away.
“What?” Nia asked. “Because I said spit?”  She stepped up on her tiptoes, licked his face. “Come on, get a sense of humor, Captain.”
“What
“The queen’s rooms,” Bucky informed him, and Steve just about swallowed his tongue.
“Why don’t you like Tony?” she asked him quietly.
His eyes caught on the desk by the window, which was covered in the glass and metal things Tony had been setting up earlier. Steve slunk over to the desk, eyeing the… things on it. He recognized none of it, but he could tell it was all worth a small fortune. He briefly considered just stealing something – but he did not wish to get whipped for thievery if it was found, and he could just hear his ma scolding him for even
is Captain America," Nia pointed out. "I almost thought you wanted me to break into your creepy rooms full of coma patients."
She remembered watching the graduates before her walk every year, in their rows of smart uniforms up to the podium to get their certificates and their assignments, patriotic marches piping triumphantly through the sound system. Every year, as her own graduation grew closer, it felt more real, more nerve-racking, and every year, her own vision of herself crystallized more clearly, from the time she had been a small child and the idea of graduation was something so very far-off and grown-up, when the graduates had seemed so old, so sophisticated, so tall. Now...she still felt like a child, scared and tentative, like it was too soon, too soon to be going out into the world, too soon to know what she was going to be when she grew up.
So since Bucky had been asked to become a page for Sir Alexander, Steve was allowed to go work with Miss Carter and her father to help run the castle.
“Sure will, Pepper,” he grinned. “Sleep well.”
She scanned the heads of the retreating guests for someone she recognized, anyone. It was easy enough to spot Miss Potts’ bright red hair, and she started after her mother’s assistant at a  jog.
Abruptly, Thor sat back down on the bench with a heavy thump. “That cannot be.”
Steve clamped his jaw tightly for a moment of anger. “That's their affair. You're asking for my complicity in another.”
“Steve,” Thor repeated, not relenting in the slightest. “Forgive me, my friend, but I do not think it wise to go out onto the lake. My brother may have enchanted it in some way, set up a trap of some sort. We must wait, we must wait and see what the bird does. We cannot even be certain that it is your friend.”
Now, months later, he was finally beginning to really adapt to and accept the new life he had to live. One in which he had not only lost an arm, but along with it the entire future he had been training for throughout most of his life – ever since he was a young page running letters for Sir Alexander through the castle, or helping to darn the knight’s stockings. However, now that his sense of purpose was rockier than it had ever been before—even (or perhaps especially) considering the odd jobs and tasks around town he found to fill his days—there was little Bucky would tolerate less than being left out.
“Well, he seems to be taking his time,” said Nia. She scratched at the sleeves of her jacket. “Who else knows he’s here?”
other circumstances, I wouldn’t try it, but you kind of look like Snow White here, and I’ll kick myself if I don’t, so..”
The robotic man chuckled. Knowing he was a machine made it eerie, to hear it laugh, and Nia wondered if he were a sort of artificial intelligence, or if someone was controlling him, controlling what he said and did.
But Natasha was shaking her head. “No matter what he looked like, Tony would come find us if he were able. You think he would let something like a magical disguise stop him from coming here and trying to convince us of his identity?”
“Yeah,” said Jim. “I was worried I wouldn’t get to
“So it won’t work?” Steve asked, tightening his grip on Tony’s hand.
