Sometimes when Steve couldn't sleep he would sit out in the T.V. room, either watching random movies or sketching, Tony would randomly join him. At first they sat apart, Tony would work on his tablet while Steve just did his own thing. But each night, Tony moved closer. One night, the brunette tentatively laid his head on Steve's shoulder. Steve said nothing about it. Instead he just moved his arm slowly from between him and Tony to around the back of the couch, making it more comfortable for Tony. That is how it began. Steve would sketch or watch T.V. and Tony would lay against him or lay down on the couch with his head in Steve's lap. Steve just chalked these incidents to Tony being the insomniac he is. But it turned out that it was more than that.
"Right" Tony said, finding his gaze captured by Steve's. They remained that way before a small…smirk appeared on Steve's lips.
He looked down at what he was wearing. It was some kind of blue jump suit. He even had some kind of slippers. They did not help ease the heat the was permeating up from the sand, but at least he knew that the sun was going to be setting in two hours. Which would be good. He could make a trip of 30 miles at night and into dawn. At least it was not the heat of the day. He walked towards the road, wanting something other then his strange brain powers as a means of directions. The heat was beating down on on the back of his neck, making it hard to breath and think. The thinking part he was kind of glad for, since his mind never seemed to stop doing things. It was strange, his mind was trying to gather as much useless information as possible. As if it was used to a lot of input from the outside world. He almost wished his brain would fix itself and give him the information he needed about himself.
"I see. Then I must apologize for my zeal. I must return to my woman. We shall see each other again. Jet of the Snow." With that the man walked over, picked his hammer -which by the way had left a huge fucking dent in the concrete of the floor- and left. Jet was even more perplexed before he felt his arms almost get ripped out of his socket. Zac yanked him over, a dark look in his eyes.
Then if that wasn't bad enough, he had started dating this lovely girl. She was brunette, with deep brown eyes and intelligent. Tony had warned him, aggressively, to be careful. But he hadn't listened. He thought he was fine, that he had kept his secret identity under lock and key. But when she started to ask to come over to his place, started making backwards comments about his strange schedule and the like, he had began to wonder. It wasn't until Natasha dropped a folder on the kitchen counter and slid it across the table to him, did he realize his mistake. Tony had been right. The woman he had been dating for the last three weeks had been obsessed with Captain America. Had hunted down everything about him before finding him conveniently in the coffee shop across the street from the tower. He had thought nothing of meeting her. He had been getting Tony coffee since they were out. The last thing he had expected was a stalker to come up to him while he was order Tony an extra tall, extra strong black coffee.
All those emotions greeted Tony as he awoke. They were not his own. But the good thing was that they only came from one source. He was even more surprised that he caught only snippets of the thoughts of the source. He opened his eyes, finally becoming aware of the fact that there was a thick arm around his waist and a strong body pressed against his back . It took his mind a moment to bring up the last thing he remembered. He melted backwards as he remembered how Steve came in. The flash of blue light that flashed, indicating them as perfect matches. He couldn't believe it. He was bonded. And not just to anyone, he was bonded to Steve Rogers. Captain America. Mr. Too Good To Be True. He looked over his shoulder, wanting it to be true.
"We do, sir." JARVIS said. Steve jumped, not realizing he had been speaking aloud. He looked up at the screen before him, uncertain.
Steve walked up the stairs and into Tony's room. He took the man's shoes off before laying him in bed. He tucked the genius in before leaving the room silently. He was walking towards the living room to rest for the remainder of the night.
"We can do that. They aren't in state right now. They are traveling as we speak. But um...just to let you know, some of Thor's friends are a little bit...eccentric. Just to let you know that up front." Jane said with a small laugh. Jet gave her a grin.
Too soon Steve tore his mouth from Tony's cock, working it with his hand to gather the saliva and cum that was there before stroking his own cock, coating it to make it easier. Not that it matter much form what Tony could tell. Steve braced his hands on either side of Tony's head, leaning down to capture Tony's lip in a deep passionate kiss, nipping at Tony's bottom lip every now and again. Tony let out a gasp as he felt the head of Steve's cock push breach him. His head was spinning. He could feel everything Steve felt. It was strange because it was like he was being fucked and doing the fucking. He gripped Steve's shoulders tightly, relaxing and going pliant under the stronger man. Steve took this as a sign that he was ready to take this on the level that they would have been if there wasn't a mutual concern for each other's pleasure.
The moment Steve heard that Tony was on the edge of a spiral, he was out of the bed, into his boots and out of the door. It was the solider training in him that allowed him to do all that without tripping over his own feet. He was a mere two steps behind Natasha, who was calmly calling out orders to get the jet ready for them. They were in the air before any one could even bother to order them to do something else. Steve was on edge. He had no idea where they were taking Tony, but he hoped that it was some where safe and without people. His foot bounced up and down, trying to rid himself of the pent up energy that was surfacing.
"Well someone has to keep a watch on Pepper at all times. What would happen if you are not there and another Sentinel does not like what she tells him?" He said with a cocky grin. He knew Natasha was not the kind of person to allow anyone to harm Pepper. Even when the super spy was off on missions, someone was looking out for Pepper. He had fucking spies in his building at all times it seemed. He didn't care. Pepper needed protecting. Natasha's eyes darkened for a moment before she nodded in a serious way.
"A little out dated don't you think, Cap?" Tony said, picking fun at the place. It didn't matter if Steve thought of it as an empty box - it was his empty box and to have Tony once again make fun of his choices was like pouring gasoline on an fire.
"Fine. Deal." No sooner did he say fine was half the sandwich off the plate. Tony took a huge bite and motioned for the soldier to follow. The man began to prattle on and on about something completely over Steve's head. But the blond made sure to make all the right noises to keep the man talking and eating. By the end of it, Tony had scarfed down the entire sandwich, a bottle and a half of water and most of the chips. The man began to slow down. The food obviously starting to make him sleepy. He muttered something about how it was to be done in two days. The brunette was sitting in a chair, slowly munching on one of the last chips, muttering softly about something. Steve waited for Tony to fall asleep. It came soon enough. The man nearly fell out of the chair, but Steve easily caught him. He gathered the brunette up into his arms and headed out of the lab. The lights went off as soon as he left.
"Oh it is no trouble at all. In fact we can go over there tonight. You can sleep there and see if it okay. Then tomorrow we can head over to the shop and see if Marco still has that position open." Harold said with a grin, obviously glad that Jet seemed to agree with that idea. Jet returned the smile, making sure to make it charming. He finished his meal and thanked Lisa profusely before Harold herded him into the car again. They were off to a small apartment complex in the area. The town wasn't very big, but it was a hot desert region that people came to ATV in.
He made it to the road, a little bit rougher for the wear but at least he made it that far. The sun was setting now. He reached up and stroked his beard, pulling on it a bit. He did not like the way it felt. He figured he was more of a clean shaven kind of guy. His hair was longish. It was held back by something rubbery. Not that it matter right now. Now all that mattered was the fact that he could see the road just up ahead. Now all that mattered was that the sun was setting. He stepped onto the paved road and let out a relieved sigh. He had a path to follow. A guidelines to go with. He turned and started walking towards where the town was.
There was a curse from the kitchen. Tony looked at Steve with a raised brow, not sure if that was an affirmative on the coffee or if he should just stay here so Steve or Natasha could handle the cursing voice. Steve just motioned for Tony to follow him, Natasha already heading into the kitchen. Tony walked in with a raised brow. He noted that Clint was leaning against the counter, watching Steve and himself enter the room. There was a nervous looking man holding a cup of tea tightly, as if it was the last thing he would ever drink. The man's eyes moved over Tony quickly before he let go of the cup and rounded the counter. His hand held Tony's shoulder. Tony couldn't help but raise a brow, his eyes skirting over to Steve and Natasha. The two looked sadden by this but there was a certain amount of joy there as well. Before Tony could think too much on it, he was yanked into a strong hug.
Tony was silent through the entire flight home. He avoided looking at anyone in order to keep his mind on the task at hand. Which was to gather as much information about himself as possible. He even got to figure out that his last name was Stark. The data streams that flew through his mind painted a very…depressing and saddening picture. He felt his stomach clench as he saw story after story of all his antics and all the trouble he caused. He now understood why Pepper was so upset by him vanishing. They all thought he was dead. They had to watch him basically explode into pieces. He couldn't figure out how he survived it and ended up in Nevada. He hands gripped his pants tightly. This was why Steve wanted to keep him in the dark about his last name.
"You need to get laid. You're seriously way too stressed. Anyway, this is turning into a very expensive little chat. I'm here to tell you that your lease is up on this place, surprise! You'll be moving into Stark Tower by the end of the month. Fury said he doesn't want anyone on the Avengers playing the lone wolf. Oh and I got you coffee" Tony grabbed the other coffee off the table after stuffing his phone into his pocket. He walked up to Steve, holding out the coffee. "It might help you with the morning grumpiness you got~"
"Wait she already announced that? Why? Why would she do that?" Fear trickled down his spine. Fear that he would be taken and used again. His mind was still recovering from the amnesia and on top of that, he remembered the pain radiating through him. They could do that again to him. They could hurt Steve as well. Or Natasha or… He felt panic set in. His breathing became shallow as his mind brought to the surface every way that a person could be tortured. It seemed the thing in his head helped him even when he didn't want help.
"Cum for me." Steve said in a dark purr. Tony felt his entire body tighten as if it was struck by lightening. He came into tight rope onto the bed as his inner walls tightened around Steve's fingers. Steve groaned a bit, climaxing himself from the feel of Tony clenching around him. He wasn't ashamed of it either. There was something addicting about seeing Tony come undone because of him. Tony laid pliant on the bed. Steve removed his fingers, wiping them on the edge of the bed before gathering Tony into his arms. The smaller man hummed before snuggling deeper into Steve. Steve couldn't help but place a kiss on the man's forehead. It felt right to have Tony back in his arms once again. And if he had his way he would keep the man there for the rest of their days.
Tony maneuvered himself so that he was straddling Steve's prone form. The blond just remained pushed up on his elbows as Tony's fingers pushing into his hair to control the kiss. Their tongues dueled and delved in each other's mouths. Tony's fingers flexed around those soft blond locks as his hips rocked once against Steve's lap. The blond tore out of the kiss with a growl before Steve pushed all the way up so that Tony was sitting in his lap. This time it was Steve's fingers in Tony's hair, tugging it a bit so the Genius' neck was arched a little. Steve's mouth latched onto that elegant neck, attacking it, marking it. His teeth sent shivers and shards of pleasures spiraling down his spine. He was letting out pathetic sounds as Steve marked his as his own. He was Steve's now. There was a sense of comfort knowing he belonged to someone. That no matter what, he belonged to Steve.
"I know you already tried it with all the auras you have gathered, but I want to be extra thorough. Just in case someone comes up. " She said in a soft tone. Tony couldn't knock her for it. Pepper was his closest friend and his confidant. He knew that she only had his best interest at heart. It tore her up inside to know the pain he constantly suffered with. She knew that was why he drank and was a playboy. She was not a fool. Even though his aura was so strong that it was nearly unreadable to all other Guides, she could tell by his mannerism how much pain he was dealing with everyday.
Tony swayed a little bit in place, not knowing how that had happened but it made him sick. That strange double echo was a little bit hard to handle. He looked at Steve once the bout of nausea passed. Steve looked around the room.
"Jesus Jet, fucking relax. God are you stupid or something?" Zac snarled as he stood over Jet. Jet looked up at him bewildered a bit. He stuttered for a moment, before fear gripped his chest as Zac moved to leave. No, he couldn't let that happen. No, he didn't want to be alone right then. He got up from the ground and stumbled to Zac, grabbing his wrist.
"Do you think he survived?" Banner asked, a sense of hope there. Steve did not say anything. Instead he clasped Bruce on the shoulder and squeezed before walking towards the jet. He did not want to think about that possibility. He was in a state of shock, he knew that much. He stared down at the mask in his hand. It wasn't until the first tear hit the plate and streaked down the side of it did he realize that he was crying. He had once again lost his anchor to this world. He felt so lost without Tony there to poke at him. He remained there, crying over the face plate. Tony's last words haunted him even more in that moment because he had been unable to tell Tony that he felt the same.
Natasha's voice was soft. It was so infinitely heartbreaking to hear that clear undertone of vulnerability, that Tony couldn't say anything to it. How could he? He knew the Black Widow was a deadly woman who rarely spoke more then a sentence at a time. Yet there she was, almost bearing her soul to him, standing in the Avenger's Tower, calling it her home. It halted the anger for a moment, but it was still there, still wanting him to spew out hate. He struggled not to, struggled to remain silent. It was sheer strength of will that allowed him to remain quiet.
"So this machine makes it so a person could see the waves that cause the bonds? Are you going to make this readily available to S.H.E.I.L.D or S.E.H? This could help save many lives" Natasha asked, a tint of intrigue in her tone. They both knew just how many lives could be saved. Everyday Sentinel and Guides committed suicide when they couldn't forge Bonds. It would also help S.H.E.I.L.D's interpersonal relationship clause. It was a well known fact that S.H.E.I.L.D wanted its agents to forge Bonds. Because it kept the whole 'my boyfriend and I broke up' drama that came with in a company like their. Trained killers and emotional drama was never good. Add Guides to the mix and it was asking for problems. Tony tapped the front of the goggles in consideration.
After the talk with Natasha, Pepper and Bruce it had took a couple of days for his brain to acclimate to the new version of Tony. But eventually he caught on to what they had been saying. It started with Clint returning from a mission, limping and clearly in pain, muttering about how he broke his bow. Two days later, Tony came barreling up the stairs with a new bow in his hand. He tossed it at the couch, where Clint caught it one handed. The reason Tony made it? Because Coulson had complained about how Clint was getting rusty. Which was an outright lie. Coulson would never say that about Clint, because it wasn't true. Tony had lied to cover up the fact he spent the last two days, without eating or sleeping, making a bow for the archer. A specialized bow that had all the bells and whistles. Then there was Natasha's knives and guns, Thor's...Thor proof phone and Bruce's decked out lab equipment.
"That was true during the time where Palladium was poisoning his system and he thought he was going to die. Captain have you ever noticed how much Tony…touches people?" Steve took a moment to think about this. He found that Tony was a very tactile person. He smacked Thor on the arm when the God moved by him. He messed with Bruce and patted him on the back often. Hell, even when they were at odds, Tony never stopped himself from patting Steve on the arm before leaving. Then there was the whole couch scene he walked in on last night. So he could see how much of a tactile person Tony was.
Natasha patted him on his arm, rubbing her thumb over his bicep before walking off. Steve was still standing off to one side, out of Tony's line of vision. The other man walked up to him, reaching out to place a hand on Tony's shoulder.
"MAN OF IRON!" Jet winced at the booming voice and let out a gasp of pain as he was suddenly wrapped up in steel arms. What the hell?! "I AM MOST GLAD YOU ARE WELL! THIS IS JOYOUS OCCASION!" Jet let out a grunt as the blond dropped him back onto his feet only to grip his shoulders.
"Is this like your dream Tony? Hmm?" Steve asked, pushing and pulling his finger in and out of Tony's willing form. The brunette nodded, biting his bottom lip as one of those hand snaked into the soft blond hair on the nape of Steve's neck. Steve grinned a bit before pushing the second one into Tony, who let out another throaty moan. Steve bent his finger, pushing against that spot he knew was there. He never missed. Tony's inner walls gripped his fingers tightly as the other man yelped and panted. Steve pushed those fingers deeper into Tony, pausing before adapting a strong and deep pace.
To say it was freezing was an understatement. They were heading into North Carolina in the middle of the night and Tony was shivering, badly, on the back of the bike. Eventually Steve felt it necessary to pull off at a rest area that would have clothing. Tony was not exactly happy about that, but he was too cold to complain. He just wanted to get back to the place he called home. They still hadn't talked about his name yet. Steve was very tight lipped about it. It was a constant struggle to even get him to just spill it. But at least they seemed to be growing even closer. He figured that it was bound to happen after everything.
That had been a week ago. Now Steve was standing in the kitchen, making a sandwich for himself, wondering how he could repay Tony for all his kindness. Though he wasn't even sure if Tony would even want that. Bruce and Natasha had said to just let Tony do what he needs to do and to not rebuke him when he is trying to do something nice. Steve looked up as Bruce walked into the kitchen, looking worse for ware.
He got out of the car before he walked out and tossed the key at the guy, who effortlessly caught them. There was a new man with them. A guy wearing an entire suit, including a tie. The man removed his sunglasses and stared at Jet with a contemplative look before he looked at the other man and nodded.
"Nice outfit Cap, looks like that was in the ice with you." Stark said with a sneer. Steve stiffened before a dark glare settled over his features. He hated how shallow Stark was. Stark wasn’t hero, he was a bully. He wasn't a team player, he was just a cocky son of a bitch who only wanted fulfill his own needs instead of the needs of the team. But ultimate he hated how Stark’s mere presence made him feel even more displaced. He was already a Man out of Time, he didn't need the Man of this Time to make him feel more like an outsider.
"Yeah, I am not. Or else I wouldn't have offered them. I'll be right back." Zac said as he walked out of the room with a shrug. Jet was a little taken back by the man's attitude, but it was fine. He figured the man had been trying to go to bed before they disrupted the entire building. Or at least, that is how Jet rationalized it. The blond came back in with the razor and the tooth brush before bidding Jet good night. On his way out, Zac paused and gave Jet a once over. Jet felt both exhilaration and ill at this. He gave Zac a cocky grin before the man waved him off and left. Jet waited exactly three seconds before he bolted to the door and locked all the locks. He stood there, placing his forehead no the door for a moment. He did not understand what he was feeling. Did not understand why he was reacting to things the way he was. All he knew is that he had to survive long enough to figure that all out.
"Are you planning on staying in New York, Captain?" She asked as she followed after Steve as he marched to his bike. He needed to escape. Needed to be free from the constraints of the title 'Captain'.
"Really? And….all we were doing was sitting on the couch…..me…shirtless?" His tone was huskier, sending tendrils of pleasure down Tony's spine. Tony shifted a bit in place, looking away.
"Bruce…I…I got a…no never mind. The alcohol isn't working. I'm on the edge of a spiral" That was all he had to say. Bruce muttered a curse before shifting his phone to shoot off a text to Coulson. Not that he needed to since Clint was now staring off at a wall, clearly communicating with Phil. It was strange to know that was possible with Perfect Matches. Pepper seemed to have recovered in record time, already on her phone making the proper arrangements for the safe house. Natasha vanished after telling Steve she was going to the jet ready to head out.
"Yes, yes you can because you are already on your way over with Natasha to bitch at me about how I missed the Research and Development meeting." Tony said in a tired tone, his mind instantly reaching out to find her. He had a lock on her mind since she used to give his mind some kind of a reprieve. Her thoughts were kinda like an exasperated older sister. But her thoughts and feeling where always colored by affection. When she was annoyed or angry at him, there was still a strong sense of compassion, love and understanding.
"C-can we leave now?" He asked in a hesitant tone. He wasn't sure how Steve arrived into town. Steve suddenly rolled to his feet, bringing Tony with him. He pulled out his cellphone and pressed a button.
"T-thanks" He said softly, glad that he could trust Bruce. He hadn't been sure he could at first, but he knew deep down that Bruce would help in any way he could. He pushed off the chair and put his phone away, glad the guy had stepped outside during the conversation. He did not want to be vulnerable any more then he already was. He waited a total of five minutes before he stumbled outside, knowing that Coulson would be there any moment. He stumbled off to one side, trying to avoid people, but that was next to impossible. His vision was blurring from both the alcohol and the constant influx of thoughts and feelings.
They remained silent, basking in the afterglow of what just happened. Tony shifted a bit, moving closer to Steve, who kissed the mark on his neck in a soft….almost loving gesture. Tony smiled a bit.
"If you think you could fix it, sure. Uh, I am Harold by the way." The man said, putting the wretch in his left hand to offer his right. He hesitated, thinking quickly of a name before grasping the other man's hand.
He let out a short cry as large hands yanked him backwards. He struggled and barely prevented himself from begging to be free. He was pulled between two legs and his back pressed against a broad chest. Those large arms wrapped around him. He put his hands over his face, to hide his tears as an all too familiar scent washed over him. He felt the gentlest of kisses being placed on his neck. He felt stupid for this, but it was all too much at once. It started with his fear for the Avengers and it spiraled into something more. It turned into a living nightmare. He felt shame at being so weak.
"Anything, Tony. We will take you home. We can leave whenever you want." Steve whispered against the back of his neck. Tony took those words and held onto them tightly. He was going to hold Steve to that. He knew without having to ask that Steve would make sure he got home. He pulled away reluctantly. He looked around the room, only to find the door laying half hazardly on the floor. He raised a brow and looked at Steve. He expected Steve to look sheepish about destroying the door. Instead the man looked as if it didn't matter, as if he didn't care that he just kicked a door off it's hinges. Tony felt a little warm at that, though he knew he shouldn't. He licked his bottom lip before speaking.
"An ATV accident? We have a lot of those this time of year." The man said, relaxing a bit since he wasn't moving closer to the car.
Tony's head jerked in the direction of the voice, finding Steve staring at him with an unreadable expression. Tony had to look away. How could he ever think he was worthy of such a man after all the things he had done? How did he manage to pull the wool over Steve's eyes? Couldn't the man see that he was the worst kind of person?
"Yeah…I just had a date" He said as he looked around. He was feeling like the world was suddenly more silent for a moment. He felt something grab at him before it vanished just as quickly, the sound of something breaking the wind hit his ears before it was gone. There was a disembodied voice going off. It spoke about someone called Iron Man flying over head heading to Europe. He looked puzzled but soon he was being shuffled into the back of the car, with the strongest two Guides of the bunch. He was taken to an apartment in Brooklyn that was fashioned to what he knew, but a large screen took up and entire wall.
"Tony will always make it seem like he's not doing something for you. He will make it all about himself, he will always be sarcastic. But that is 'Tony Speak'. That is his way of protecting himself from rejection, mockery and from being used. If it is all about him, then no one can ever say that he was being generous or giving. No one can say he is weak." Steve looked confused about this.
"Is there anything you want to bring? We already payed the nice couple that let you live here, so we can just go. Phil will have the door repaired, so that isn't something to worry about" Steve said with shrug before he sent out a text.
"It is what I would have done if I recently found out I was a hero" Steve said with a shrug before nodding to Clint, who said they would be landing on the Tower soon. Tony stood up, wanting to watch as they descended towards the Tower. This was the tower he supposedly built for his new age Clean Energy process. He still wasn't exactly sure what he was doing here but he felt….at home as he stepped out of the jet. His heart took a moment to pause in his chest. A sense of anticipation washed over him.
"It's ok, Bruce." Was all Tony said, holding his….his….his best friend. Or at least one of them. Bruce pulled back and gave him a smile, infinitely happier it seemed. There was a strange tint of green around Bruce's eyes, but Tony made no comment on that.
Pain ripped him from the delicious dream. He grunted and shot up only to have his mouth covered and a heavy body press him into the mattress. He struggled for a bit before he realized that it was Zac on top of him. His eyes narrowed for a moment, wondering what Zac was doing. The man looked...enraged. The man on his mouth clamped tighter. The man's blue eyes were a blaze.
"I will do my best to protect it Tony." His voice was strong and solid. Tony squeezed his hand for a moment before he looked up into Steve's eyes. Blue met brown. There was something in Tony's eyes. Something he had only seen once before in his life. Tony shifted and licked his lips for a moment.
That was the question on all the occupants of the room. It was a question that needed an answer. Pepper looked contemplative as Natasha spoke to Coulson in low hushed tones. Eventually Coulson said he had paperwork to do before leaving the room. Steve watched as Clint walked to the edge of his bed and gave him a smirk.
"Yeah, it was a memory. One of my favorites." Those lips twitched before those hands reached up and rested on Tony's hips. His light jogging pants sliding down a bit as Steve's thumbs rubbed circles along his hip bones. Tony shivered and bit his bottom lip for a moment.
"They want me back, their project ." Tony said, moving towards the other end of the bike, preparing to put his hands up and surrender. Steve getting hurt was not something he wanted to be responsible for. Yet, Steve had other ideas. The blond reach out and yanked Tony roughly back to him, keeping him hidden behind the bike.
"Well, that would explain why most people didn't recognize me." Tony said in a humorless tone. He was kinda put out by the whole thing. He could have been home earlier, in the safety of tower and away from people like Zac. Tony wrapped his arm around his waist and used it to prop up his other arms so that he could tap his fingers over the arc reactor.
"Not sure how much of me is back, but yeah. I am glad…to finally come home" Tony said in a whisper tugging on his Captain America sweater. It was true. Standing here in the middle of the kitchen was a hundred times better then standing in the apartment. He felt kinship to the place. He felt like this was home. That Bruce, Natasha, Clint and Steve all were a part of that. He hadn't seen it before they landed, but now that he was standing there, taking it in… He knew nothing would ever compare to this place; to this home that seemed to call to him.
"Bruce…I…I got a…no never mind. The alcohol isn't working. I'm on the edge of a spiral" That was all he had to say. Bruce muttered a curse before he heard clicking of keys on the other end.
Those muscles moved and contoured in such delicious ways as Steve tossed the shirt off to one side. Tony arched up, tugging at Steve's hand,watching to be free to touch. Yet Steve seemed content to hold him down. Tony didn't mind. He always had to be in control of his sex-capades. But with Steve, he instinctively knew that he could just give himself over to Steve's capable hands.
"How are you today Captain Rogers?" She asked in a cool tone. Steve felt his senses lessen even more, indicating that Pepper Potts was a Guide. He gave her a shy smile.
The sound was coming from between his ears. In his mind seemed to have it's own system going on. Suddenly, there was a sound and a door opened. He stared at the door for a moment before making a break for it. He had no idea where…
"Yes, one of these is for you. Can we...talk? Just you and I? I promise coffee and food in exchange." The man said in a soft pleading tone. If the voice did not melt his resolve for a public meeting, then those eyes definitely did it. They were everything he expected and more. He stepped away and let the man walk in. The man shifted, appearing as though he wasn't sure what to do next. He walked to the table and set the food and coffee down. With one large hand he held out the coffee to Jet, knowing the man would want it first. Sure enough, Jet grabbed it and took in a deep breath. The aroma of coffee, dark and rich, made Jet melt into on of the dining room chairs. Disregarding his sense of survival, he took a tentative sip and his mouth exploded with flavor. It was sooo good. So much better then anything the diner was able to give him. He let out a soft moan of pleasure as he leaned back into his chair. He heard a soft chuckle from the large man as food was pulled out of the bag and laid in front of him. He watched the man carefully before asking the one question he desperately wanted answered.
Sure, whenever there was a world crisis that needed the Avengers, he would do his duty and help. But after the mission was done, debriefs and reports handed in, everyone would split off - Stark with Bruce, Clint with Natasha, and Thor off to see Jane. He would be left to get back on his bike and head back on the road - no direction, no destination, just himself and the freedom of the open road with loneliness riding bitch. Every time, he couldn't help but wonder - What was the point? Sure they were a team, but beyond that one Shawarma meal, they were just a team of convenience. At least that is what he thought.
"Like a majority of the Enhanced Humans, I don't care for gender, but If I had to chose I would chose male." Steve said. He noted the look of shock on Clint's face. He knew that everyone knew about Peggy but it was for hat reason he preferred male. Any female would be compared to Peggy. He could not do the same with a male. Before he could explain this Pepper's tablet let out a strange sound. Pepper even jumped at the noise. She looked down at it. She stared at it and her mouth fell open. She was so still it was scaring Steve. Clint tensed a bit, likely feeling what Pepper was going through. With in moments Natasha was in the room, quickly followed by Coulson. Natasha was at Pepper's side in a heart beat. The red head looked down at the tablet and did the scariest thing he ever saw. She smiled. Pepper looked up at Natasha then Steve. She was staring at him in pure shock...and joy. There suddenly tears in her eyes.
"SELF DESTRUCT SEQUENCE INITIALIZED." He laughed, shocked and scared at what he seemed to have done. His mind was slowly pulling itself from the fog as well. Because number were flying across his mind, calculations for how long it would take to get to the nearest escape route and how fast he had to go. He did not understand how he could do it but he ran as hard as he could, ducking under the soldiers that were coming at him. His speed and his reflexes surprised him greatly. But he did not have time to dwell upon it. He slammed a Sentinel into the door that led to escape. Just in time because the entire ground shook violently. There was an interior explosion first. It consumed much of the underground area and the top floor.
It was all too much. He ripped away from the woman, catching her as she stumbled. He made sure she was righted before he...ran. He bolted. Phil, Natasha and Clint moved to stop him when a loud voice barked behind him.
It seemed that even though they had just gotten into another fight, Tony was still strangely generous. On Thursday a moving truck came and people helped Steve move all his things from his Brooklyn apartment to Stark Tower. They moved all the things into the second floor from the top, in between Tony's and Bruce's floor. It was strange to walk into the floor that was specifically designed for him. The entire floor screamed
"Well, I must go. I will be on the first floor, since this is the only hotel building in the area. I must go talk to Pep now. Have a good night gentlemen." He said as he walked off...conveniently leaving his coffee and his sketch book on the table. Jet made sure not to notice it as he finished his coffee and threw it away. Zac had walked with Steve to the door. Zac watched as Steve drove off in his motorcycle. He closed the door and turned to Jet who was standing by the table watching him. Zac tapped the door before walking to Jet with a frown.
"What else was going on in the dream, Tony?" Steve's hand moved up his sides a bit, touching the bare skin under his large shirt. He let out a soft hickkup of breath. He was waiting to see where Steve was going to take this. He wanted so much. He was starved for affection and touch. But especially for Steve's affection and touch. The ride here had not helped at all.
"I'll let you two decide." Coulson put his arm down and stepped to one side, offering Jet the chance to make his choice. Jet stood there for a moment, swallowing thickly. He wasn't really sure if he want or could do this. But after he took the first step forward, his feet seemed to follow an age old pace towards the diner. As he walked to the door, he noticed Thor and Jane sitting at a table with two blonds. He couldn't see their faces because they were facing away from him, but he could tell one was a woman and the other was a man. He opened the door and gave Vanessa a hesitant smile as he walked towards Thor and Jane, figuring that logically that the people in the booth were more of Thor's friends and likely the two people who would be deciding his fate. Fear seemed to retch higher and higher the closer he got. Thor looked up and gave him a big smile.
"Spit it out Stark, I don't have time for your annoying attitude right now." He snapped sharply. Something about Tony just always rubbed him the wrong way. Tony looked taken back before he smiled cockily at Steve. The blonde’s brows furrowed together in a scowl.
Steve could only stare at Fury in disbelief and hurt when the man suggested they all return to the tower. All but him, Steve thought darkly as he schooled his features into blankness. The look Fury sent him just before leaving the room told Steve that he hadn't fooled the One-eyed man. Steve waited for everyone to leave the room before he followed after them. Only to find Mary Hill standing just outside the room, apparently waiting for him.
"You have a Perfect Match" She whispered, covering her mouth for a moment. She let out a soft laugh that sounded like a sob as well. Steve was even more on edge now. Why would Pepper be crying about him having a Perfect Match. Was the person dead? He swallowed and shifted, feeling uncertain now.
"Thank you Jarvis. Now can you give me information on what happened after I...died." He said in a serious tone.
Zac was leaning against his truck, holding a bag in his hand. Jet smiled a bit when Zac looked over at him, holding up the bag.
"I just asked JARVIS to pull up all data he has on you Steve and it seems that Tony already took a sample of your wave. It doesn't match yours right now. Which would be the reason why you didn't know. Strange"
"Is there something you are trying to hide?" She asked in a hushed tone. He whirled around with a wretch clenched in his hand.
"Mr. Snow!" A female voice called to him as he continued to walk towards the edge of town. He wanted to get free. He slowed his pace, looking over his shoulder only to see Dr. Foster walking towards him. He stopped to allow her to catch up. She gave him a once over be speaking.
Jet worked hard on getting the car to work. It turned out that there was something caught in the belt. Which made it difficult or next to impossible to run. Once he got that out and made sure that everything was working right, Harold started the car effortlessly. Jet did not even have to ask if he could hitch a ride into town, Harold was already packing him inside, talking about how his wife was making dinner and he had to come. Jet just smiled and went along with it. What else could he say? He needed to get to town and Harold felt like he owed him for fixing the car. When they arrived to town and headed to Harold's tiny home, his wife Lisa was overjoyed to have him home safe. It seemed that Harold's phone died so he had been unable to call for help let alone let his wife know he was ok. Lisa was so grateful to Jet that she insisted he stay for dinner.
He walked into the bathroom, having decided on a shower. He stepped into the tiny closet of a shower and turned that water on, not caring the temperature. The water beat down on his skin. He rested his arms on the wall and stared down, watching the water flow over the thing in his chest. It had been glowing between him and that dream man. While the man was faceless and nameless, he could tell the man was something very special to him. The tail end of the dream had provided at least that much. He was uneasy about showing off the machine in his chest, so he knew instinctively that he wouldn't like anyone touching it. But the man in his dream had no problem reaching up and laying his hand down upon the top of it. And the sense of safety that permeated the dream was enough to spell out the truth of their relationship. He had been in love. Or rather was still in love given his reaction. How could he love someone he didn't remember? He couldn't be sure.
"I figured as much, so I got you an apartment. Natasha will be over tomorrow afternoon to help you shop for the things you require." Maria said easily. Steve figured that Natasha was going with him more as a friendly face instead of an actual helper. Steve knew there was no point in arguing with the woman. He took the folder she held out to him as he continued to the hangerbay. His bike was on one of the planes heading out. Maria fell off, likely needing to do other more important things. As he walked through the hall, he heard a very familiar voice.
"So…you don't remember anything but your name and fixing cars?" Zac said as he got into the driver's seat of the truck. It was a smooth running truck, which made sense since the man worked at car shop. Jet was uncomfortable with the idea of people knowing that about him. He only had to tell them in order to keep for having to deal with the fact he didn't have ID, social security number or anything else. But having Zac know was a little bit unsettling. Jet played it off with a simple shrug.
"We can't keep doing this Zac. You keep wanting more than I can give you. We both knew this was never serious but you keep pushing for it to be." Jet said sadly. He did not like the idea of losing one of the only people he came to know while he lived in this town. He wasn't even sure he wanted to leave it. But he wanted to know. He needed to know who he was. That was what he wanted the most. Living in this town allowed him to just exist and be whoever he wanted to be, but it did not ease the ache of longing in his chest. Nor did it ease the sense of lose that came with it. He felt he could be doing more, had been doing more for the world then just fixing cars. Now, here was his chance to find out who he was. And on top of all that, Steve was here, making him long to be in the man's arms once again. He just hoped they had not had a serious break up. That would not be a good thing. But Steve had not acted like a man with a broken heart. Steve acted like a man who had a chance to reclaim a lost love.
"Yeah, just spent the last several hours keeping Capsicle from spiraling into Oblivion. Took a toll on me. Anyways, I brought you here because I want to give you something. More like give you your own baby. Not baby baby but a project." He said waving off Natasha' dark look. He clapped his hand and instantly an image came up. It showed Natasha's and Pepper's waves laid over each other. The words 'Project: Match' were in bold. He waved his hand and the image changed to the bullet points of what he figured Pepper already knew.
"Look. I just don't like to be without a shirt on. What does it matter?" He snapped. He rubbed his face before cursing at the fact he now had grease on his face.
"What was that about? He was touching that silly thing in your chest." Zac said, a dark hiss in his tone. It as clear that the man was jealous. It was hard not to know how jealous Zac was. It was one of the things that Jet did not like about the man. Other then that the man was charming and nice, even romantic. But he had a horrible temper and an even worse jealous streak. Jet never understood where it came from, but he did not like the results of it.
"I hate it when you two do that. Really, Pep? I expected better from you. You~" He waved his hand at Natasha "Not so much. But nice going getting her to loosen up. What time is it? Oh yes, it is three. Good" He clapped his hands together before he tapped the screen of the tablet once more. The system reset itself in order to reboot with the newer program installed. He looked at them before he grabbed a tumbler of bourbon and took a large swallow off the amber liquid.
"I figure I should stick around here till I figure out what is going on. I mean I am smart enough to know I wouldn't be ATV-ing alone. Hopefully someone will file a missing person report and I will be out of here in no time." He said before he looked up at Lisa who placed a plate in front of Harold and himself. The food smelt delicious. It was then that he realized how ravenous he was. Not that he would show it. He was coming to realize he was a very Sentineled man. He did not like showing vulnerability to anyone.
Jet looked up at Zac, who's face turned bright red as Steve slowly retracted his hand from Jet's chest. Zac frowned and walked to Jet, laying a hand on his shoulder.
Instantly their hands were back together, electricity ran down them. It was like the first time only without the blacking out bit. Tony rubbed himself against Steve as his lips attached themselves to Steve's neck, intent on marking the man. Eventually he pulled back, admiring his mark. Steve seemed to grow impatient because soon he was back on his back, legs spread wide by Steve's hands. Those eyes roamed over him again, greedily watching him. Tony felt himself grow harder at this, his cock twitching and leaking on his stomach. Steve leaned down and licked a stripe over his cock, lapping up the precum that laid on his stomach. Tony arches off the bed, pleasure tearing through him.
"I…can't….stop….it" Tony managed to grit out. Steve frowned, not sure what to do. Jarvis took this moment to chime in.
"Yes, you certainly did." Tony in a gentle tone. He felt Love and tenderness wash over him from Steve. He closed his eyes and finally saw a brighter future. One not stark and empty.
"Maybe one of these night you and I can lay under them." Zac said in a low voice before he walked off of the roof top. Jet stood there for a moment, taken back by how…intimate that sounded.
. Unmake you so easily, you're be the one who is replaceable. Because I at least go brains, you got nothing without your hyped up body. Fury's orders are that you are to be packed by 0700 Friday. You will be moving in at 1100 that same day. You have your orders, Soldier" Stark snapped as he shoved Steve out of his space and left - the door slamming behind him.
"No, Tony you didn't kill anyone but those that were going to kill you" Natasha said, taking a step toward Tony. Tony stood his ground, his eyes narrowing.
"Let Pepper and Steve know. Excuse me, Mr...?" The man put his sunglasses into his pocket before holding out his hand to Jet. Jet hesitated before taking the man's hand, making sure wipe his hand off on his jumper.
"You are using that thing in your head to figure out more about who you were." Steve shot back in a cool tone. Tony stiffened before looking at Steve again, feeling a bit impressed that the man knew him that well.
"I see you found my newest invention. It cost way too much to replace the stupid bags every time you and Thor decide to have a bad day. It was almost too easy to create that. It is a learning bag. It never returns the same way twice and it always comes back with a stronger force than the one you delivered. It is really something out of my pure genius." Tony commented in a cocky tone. Steve looked over at the man who was leaning back against the door frame of the gym. He actually looked at Tony, looked passed the arrogant words and cocky stance. There was a wary look in Tony's eyes, as if he wasn't sure he wanted to be in the same room as Steve. Steve did not blame him at all for the weariness. But there was something else. A kind of hope. As if he hoped that Steve liked the bag. As if he was trying give Steve something that Steve did not yet have. Steve rolled onto his feet and grabbed his towel. He headed towards the door, pausing only to gently pat Tony on the back.
"Yeah, well I remember practical things. How to use things, how to deal with situations and stuff like that. Just no names, faces, places and stuff like that. Just personal stuff like that. I figure it will come back given enough time." He said in a cool tone. He let out a curse when Zac suddenly slammed on the breaks at a stop sign. He almost hit the dashboard only to have the seatbelt lock and slammed him backwards. His head smacked hard against the head rest behind him. He cursed colorfully for a moment. Jet shot Zac a dark look, only to find Zac innocently looking out the window. He scowled, not sure what Zac was playing at. Jet felt like this was not an accident.
"Yeah… now I definitely feel like an ass." Steve said, looking up at them. Pepper had a soft expression on her face, seemingly glad that Steve now understood at least partly what was going on. He did not have a full understanding, but he knew now what to look for. Now he understood how much he had misjudged Tony in the past. He would have to try harder to understand Tony. He owed the man that much.
"Very well, Ma'am. Yourself?" He asked, hoping he wasn't making her day difficult by coming here. He would hate to be a burden to an already busy woman.
"Widow, make him vanish." A voice almost snarled before Tony was wrapped in the blanket that was beneath him. The smell water and leather wafted into his nose and he...melted. That scent made him just go limp for a moment. Strong arms wrapped around him.
He rubbed his shoulder, unsure as to what he was going to do. He honestly wasn't sure what they expected from him either. Would they want him to leave with them? Would they ever tell him what his real name was. As much as he became slightly attached to the name Jet, he knew deep down it wasn't his name. Sometimes he even forgot to answer to it. He just wanted to start there first. He wanted to know at least the basic most integral part of himself and that came from knowing his name. He scrubbed a hand over his face, trying to figure out how he was going to go about it. He was going to get his name out of them, one way or another.
Time moved on and things settled into the regular time stream. However World War two was a little different. It was a dark time for Guides, for they were being slaughtered by the thousands. The idea was the the Sentinel were too powerful to be shackled down to a person who was in tune with emotions. That it made them weak to be under the influence of the Guides. Yet, what they did not know was that without Guides, Sentinel go mad and act out in a violent rages. The war was brutal.
"I think he is a great man. He came back from the dead and instead of just falling into a normal life he picked up his shield again. He is nobel and rather kind. I mean did you see the video of him taking a beating in order to protect that group of kids that got caught in that fire fight. I also think he is kinda hot." Tony said as the jacket was rung up. He pulled the jacket over his head, giving Steve a small smile. He snuggled the jacket a bit, feeling it's warmth soak through his cold bones. He noticed that Steve was growing even more red at all this. The man rubbed the back of his head for a moment.
"If I did collect Heros, you certainty wouldn't be one of them. You're just one successful experiment my father created. And if he created it, I can
"Steve...I...the last six months have been great. I...I love you. Know that much." That was when he cut of his communication line, not wanting to hear anything more in fear it would cloud his judgement. He sped up towards the atmosphere, J.A.R.V.I.S blessedly silent. The device ticked once more, before it exploded between him and Dr. Doom. The forced of the explosion killed Dr. Doom on impact and sent Iron Man flying across the sky. The force was enormous.
"Yes, You could...can go for days working and once you got a meal in you...you would doze. Because like food, sleep was forgotten in the haze of your desire to complete your creations." The whispered moved through the air. The spell was broken for a moment as Jet's eyes moved from the the rim of his coffee cup up to Steve's face. The man was looking at him like he was the most precious thing in the world. Jet felt his throat tighten a bit.
"Very Well Sir." The screen lit up and images were filling the page. JARVIS began at the beginning and Steve listened to how the world had become the way it was today.
"Yeah...I remember pieces of things just now. Most of it is you being there for me and helping me even when I seemed to not want it. I remember seeing you like this before...twice before. I remember that that...was the reason you and I... did not work." He whispered to her in a hushed tone. Steve and Natasha both had relieved and happy looks. Though Steve still looked a little unsure. Pepper pulled herself out of Jet's lap and leaned down, kissing his cheek softly. She gave him a lovely smile before looking to Natasha and Steve.
That illusion was shattered after another bizarre mission - who used monkeys as henchmen? they threw
Jet found he loved the smell of grease, gasoline and motor oil. It made him feel at home. He was arm deep in fixing a motor and all he felt was joy and happiness. He worked tirelessly on the cars. Moving from one to the next. Marco was pleasantly surprised but demanded that Jet take a lunch break and get to know the town. Zac seemed to also be on lunch at the same time.
"Tony….tell me why you are scared?" Tony looked startled and struggled to get out of Steve's arms. But Steve held fast, not wanting Tony to run from this. Whatever this was.
"No. Natasha did not break up Tony and Pepper. Pepper was burnt out with constantly trying to make them work. She came into her own sexual identity, as did Tony, recently. So the struggle was too much for either of them. Plus Tony treated Pepper too much like a sister to be her lover." Bruce said, clearing the air for the two lover birds. Not that he needed to explain anything to Steve, but the man appreciated it none the less.
"Yes. However, you wouldn't have to go through that if you were willing to take your jumper off for a moment." He said as he was commenting about the weather. Jet stiffened before his eyes narrowed.
"It is going very well. Tony seems to be taking Stark Industries seriously now, which allows me to devote more time to Project:Match" She said with a charming smile. She seemed like she was glad to have a serious project that changed lives. She looked down at the tablet on her lap and tapped the screen. As the information uploaded and updated, she looked back at him.
"Where am I really?" He said. She looked uneasy before she blinked several times. A sign she was out of her element. Out of her orders. That this situation was not going the way she wanted it to.
"We should get you to your Match" Pepper said, her eyes sliding to Natasha. The assassin gave Pepper a smile, one Steve wasn't sure Natasha had in her. Just then Pepper's and Bruce's phones went off with a loud shriek. Pepper instantly turned ashen. Natasha was at her side once more, grasping her Match's elbow. Steve winced as the sound went off again. Bruce yanked his phone open before making a call. While it would have been private if there hadn't been Sentinels and a matched Guide in the room.
"I don't know. I don't remember much anything. But, uh…if you want I can fix your car." He said cautiously. The other man raised a brow.
"I can't tell you that. For now, just be satisfied with your first name, You are a genius, I know. It wouldn't take you very long to figure the rest out. But please…just be satisfied with that. Its for your protection" Steve reached over and laid his hand over's Tony's. That sense of peace came over him full force. That touch was positively sinful. It had a way of just…settling him. Making things okay.
"We did not find Steve too late. He will save Tony. Don't worry" Pepper looked up and gave him a small smile, seeming to need that reassurance.
Steve lavished him with his tongue. He was so focused on that surprisingly talented tongue that he did not noticed Steve's fingers gather the sticky fluid that was copiously leaking from his member. He was so lost in the pleasure of Steve's hot mouth swallowing him whole that it wasn't until the first finger was brushing against his prostate that he realized what else was going on. He gripped the bed as that cum slick finger pushed in and out of him. It was soon joined by one more then another. He was being working open quickly. Each thrust of fingers was rough and strong, hitting his prostate every time. He was coming apart and Steve seemed absolutely smug about it. The blond hummed around his cock, causing him to fall even more into pieces. He was panting, moaning and gripping the bed for dear life. It was almost too much. He was feeling not only his pleasure, but Steve's as well. This connection between them was strong enough for him to feel both of their pleasure.
Steve changed the clip before firing at the people shooting at them. Steve moved like a practiced soldier, moving effortlessly from behind the bike towards the incapacitated men. Tony slowly got up once he figured that it was safe. He was a little taken back by how good Steve was at this, but it got them out of a bad situation. He moved towards where Steve was tying the men up with their own belts.
"Take care of him, please. I-I have to return to work today. I have a meeting in order to clear all this up. Once again, I am cleaning up your mess" She said to him in a playful tone before she walked out, Natasha following after her. Jet sat there for a moment before looking at Steve once more.
"Stop, I am sorry. I just was startled. I don't like people touching it. It bothers me. Please, Zac. I am sorry." Jet said in a whisper. He didn't want to be alone. He hated being alone. He knew it was pathetic but he was already so alone in the world and desperate to not be. He let go of Zac's arm when the man jerked it. He looked down.
They stopped outside a small two story motel/apartment complex. It seemed the top floor was for people who were staying for long periods of times while the first floor was for the people who were just passing through. Jet followed Harold up to room 26. Jet looked around the apartment, finding it to be a small one bedroom apartment. It had a homey feel to it. There was a futon as a bed, a couch and a small kitchenette. Jet gave Harold a thumbs up, liking it. Soon another man filled the doorway. Jet stiffened and stared at the man, placing his hands behind his back in order to hid his fists.
"Because even with amnesia, you still skip meals." Steve said with a slight pause before he went back to his sketching. Jet was tense. Did that mean Steve though he was the man they were looking about. Jet brought his legs up and held his coffee cup close, watching Steve smell of coffee and the scratching sounds of pencil on paper made lulled Jet into a kind of doze. He wasn't tired, he was just at peace in a sense. He watched Steve sketch from behind hooded eyes. He felt a smile pull on his lips at how familiar this scene was. He closed his eyes.
"Pleasure." The voice is wrong, his mind hissed for a moment before growing silent again "And yeah, we still need another mechanic. We are swapped right now as it is. Any extra hands would be great." Zac said with a charming smile. Jet felt his lips quirk about at. Harold smacked Zac and Jet on the shoulders, laughing.
"Yes, Captain Rogers." A disembodied voice said, causing him to jump. He whirled around looking for a person. Soon there was no sound. He heard nothing outside his walls.
"I bet it would be great to just lie out here and take in the stars." Jet said as they stood up on the roof. Zac grabbed his shoulder and gave it a squeeze. Jet felt thrill course through his veins at the open touching. He gave Zac a shy smile which was returned.
What was going to be a small kiss, turned into a full out making session. Their tongues tangled and dueled as they pressed into each other. Steve's hand tightened a bit in Tony's long hair as his other one grasp at Tony's hip. The kiss was almost desperate. For Steve, it was because he was reminding himself that Tony was alive. That he was alive and well. They pulled out of the kiss, resting their forehead's on one another. Their breath mingling together. Tony grinned at Steve before something that sound like a shot, rang out.
"That is great. Well can you take him with you to the shop in the morning. That way he could help you. Well, I got a wife waiting for me at home. I will see you both later!" With that Harold left, setting the key to the apartment on the night stand by the door. Jet stood there awkwardly for a moment. Zac looked at him before giving him a once over.
"Liar, I can see you sweating." She shot back easily, her brow raised now. Jet looked back at her before pulling his arm back and placing his hand on the edge of the hood. He gave her a narrow glare.
"Well...you are very possessive over the things you make. And if by chance you started to make...things you swore you would never make again...that would be a problem." Steve said in round about way. Jet frowned, not liking how they were keeping things from him. But he would allow it for now.
"That is the metal that powers the arc reactor. So it is kinda fitting that you would protect it." Tony said in a humorless tone. It was clear just how scared Tony was to give Steve the chance to protect what was basically his heart. Something in Steve flipped at the idea that the metal his shield was made out was the very metal that was giving Tony life, protecting him from death. Steve squeezed the reactor a bit.
Just when he thought he couldn't feel even more like an ass for all the things he had done and thought about Tony, the kick in the nuts came from when he hit the state of the art gym. He had been going through gym bags with all the stress lately. So when he came back from a horrible mission that left two agents dead, intent on demolishing a few bags, he was shocked to find he couldn't break the bag. No matter how hard or fast he hit the back, it bounced back. The bag always came back differently and never the same way twice. He fell to the ground with a heavy grunt. He was panting, sweating and grinning from ear to ear. It had been the best work out he had to date.
"I am aware. He was deemed as a narcissist, an alcoholic and was not fit to be in a team setting." He said, reciting off the things that he had read from the file. Or rather the profile section of the file.
Tony smiled, glad that he did not get too much of a fight from either of them on this. They wanted Steve to be ok as much as SHEILD did. That meant finding him a match, someone to curb the input that Steve was constantly getting from the outside world. He glanced once more at the Super Solider before he just went back to working. He knew that Steve would be in and out as his mind worked to repair the damage. Tony felt…nothing being in the same room as Steve. He hadn't before either. He figured that was because the man had been wearing the bands even then. But now? Now he was band less, yet Tony's waves didn't react to Steve's. That meant that even though the Super Solider had strong waves, Tony still surpassed him. Tony let out a sigh, knowing that if Captain America's waves couldn't match his in strength, then who's could?
"That man is crazy. He has been working on this new Stark tech for the last three days. No sleep, no food and no water. I don't know how he does it." Bruce said, clearly knowing he could never do that. Steve paused in making his sandwich, frowning at this information. He looked down at his large sandwich. He pulled out a knife and cut it in half before looking into the cupboards.
"Oh look who's gotten all Stark-y." Clint shot back. Tony let out a mock laugh before flipping the man off. Natasha looked at Steve. The two seemed to be having a silent conversation between them. Tony rounded on them.
Tony felt something smack him in the forehead. He shot Clint a dark look, who was trying to look innocent. For some reason he knew that it was the Archer.
Tony started to solve that quick enough. Stripping off his shirt in order to be rid of the barrier. Before he could move to take Steve's off, those large hands clasped over his wrists, pinning his arms above his head. Steve began to taste the newly revealed skin, bitting and marking the sensitive patches of Tony's skin. His tongue even ran along the side of Tony's Arc reactor. The scar tissue there was super sensitive, making Tony mewl and pant. Tony was shaking his head, arching into Steve, almost begging for more. Steve bucked his hips once more before he used his hips to Tony to the mattress before he used his free hand to yank his own shirt off. Tony watched hungrily as Steve's broad chest was revealed.
Suddenly there was a blue layout in front of his eyes. He felt sick to his stomach as the entire layout rotated and it was like he knew the entire place now. He knew where to go to now. It made him sick to his stomach but he had to be free.
"Project? Tony, what are you talking about?" Steve asked, his phone making noise in his pocket. Tony struggled to get free, just imagining Steve shot was freaking him out.
Steve pulled back before slamming froward, hitting Tony's prostate firmly, causing the lithe man under him to yelp out his pleasure. There was a resonance between them. Their pleasure was reverberating between them. It seemed to spur both of them on because soon Steve was moving quickly and roughly in and out of Tony. His thrust were precious and hard, as if he wanted to tattoo himself on the inside of Tony. Tony's nails racked over Steve's shoulder as his eyes rolled back in his head. He could feel those powerful hands gripping his hips so tightly, he would surely have bruises there later. He didn't care. He wanted the marks. He wanted the half moon scabs that would come from Steve's nails. Wanted the deep bruises that came from those pearly whites biting into his neck. He wanted the bruises, on his hips and thighs, and the aches. He wanted it because they told him this was real, told him that he belonged to a Sentinel.
"I…I can't keep doing this. I am tried of being an outsider. I am tired of this fast pace world I have to live in." He said in a snarl. Tony looked taken back for a moment before he set the phone down on the side table. He walked up to the distressed Captain. He grabbed the man's forearms, staring at him.
He shook his thoughts away and stepped out of the shower. He had just wrapped a towel around his waist when there was a knock at the door. He frowned a bit, considering who it could be. He felt fear race down his spine for a moment. What if it was those people from the compound? What if they found him and were here to capture him. He hesitated in the doorway of the bathroom. The knock came again, only this time it was accompanied by a voice.
"Stop trying to fight me you pathetic fool. You can stand for that man touching it but you won't allow me to do the same. You can't even remember him but you know me. What the hell Jet?" Zac asked before he ripped away from Jet and walked to the kitchen. Jet got up on all fours, coughing a bit before standing up carefully. Zac was not a person he liked to fight with because the man was stronger by far and he wasn't used to the intensity of the blows that Zac dished out. While the pain was not as strong as it could be, it still hurt like a bitch. It even hurt more whenever he turned over and caught a quick glimpse at Zac. Sometime, for a moment, he looked like Steve and the pain was even worse. Then it vanished when he realize just how wrong everything was. He stood before Zac before walking to him, wincing.
"Pepper, please. I just finished a mission and…. No I remember the dinner date. Pepper I had a mission…. Pepper….seriously….No, I am sorry. Pepper. Please….Just…..PEP!" Steve paused outside the door, hearing Stark curse every now and again. He wasn't sure what he just over heard. It sounded like the end of a relationship. He felt bad for Stark, but at the same time the man was an arrogant ass who thought of only himself. Not something that was conducive for a healthy relationship. Stark walked briskly out of the room nearby, pausing when he saw Steve. The other man looked him up and down before snorting.
"Stop staring." He said in a harsh tone. He nearly jumped out of his skin when fingers moved through his hair. He jerked back only to have Zac's arms wrap themselves around him.
Jet froze as he processed all that he over heard. It was radio communications between the people in the diner. What if...What if it was a trap to get him because of his abilities? His heart hurt so bad at the idea the nameless man was out to get him. No...no that man meant safety to him. He...he couldn't be the one who hurt him. He just couldn't. Or else it would break Jet. He sat on the bed, holding his head in his hands as he just rested there, trying to gather himself. That man...it was him. It was him. It was the man from his dream in real life. His heart was racing like never before. He craved being near him. Oh god he ran like a little girl away from them. But if he was honest with himself, it had been overwhelming in that moment.
He grunted as his eyes water. It was humiliating to be hit like that. He struggled to get Zac off him. He let out a short cry of pain when Zac used the hair he had in his grip to yank him over onto his stomach. Fear gripped him tighter. He felt Zac tear the jumper off his shoulders and off his hips. He felt sick to his stomach. No, this was not happening. A rough calloused hand pawed at his ass. He struggled harder but then the hand on his hair let out only to reach between the bed and himself. Cold dread gathered deep in his heart as that hand grabbed at the edge of the machine. He let out a snarl as his struggles renewed. He didn't care if he broke his arm, which was now pinned against his back. His survival instincts kicking in. He knew there were tears in his eyes as he fought harder as that hand gripped the machine and tugged it a bit.
As he started to come to, he was assaulted from all sides by everything. Sounds, smell, sensation, and tastes. He was grabbing at the sheets in agony. His eyes snapped open as he teared at his wrists, searching for the cuffs only to find his wrists bare. He let out an agonizing snarl as he looked around, trying to find them. The cuffs were the only thing that allowed him a moment of sanity. They allowed him not to be consumed by the sensations. The sensation were eating away as his sanity already. He struggled to keep his mind focused on where he was, but everything was too much. Just too much. He was spiralling down and he couldn't stop himself. He felt some one outside himself trying to help but it wasn't enough. He kept spiralling.
"Can we….take it slow though? I have rushed relationships before and they….ended badly. I just-" Steve leaned forward and silenced Tony with soft kiss.
Jamie killed herself after the next miscarriage. At the ripe age of 46, Howard went out to find another woman to marry. He found Maria Cerrera, who was 26 years his junior. Not that it matter to her. She was after his money and name, to increase her own career as a scientist, he was after a heir. But there was a catch. Maria was not a Sentinel, so she could not keep Howard from spiraling down into a deep depression which he used alcohol as a means to cover. That is the life Anthony Stark was born to. He was born to an alcoholic Guide and a mother who was emotionally vacant. Tony struggled to try and gain some kind of affection and love from his parents, but he got none. This would have destroyed a regular child, but Anthony Stark was no ordinary child. He was basically an amplified version of his father. His intelligence and his abilities as a Guide were far greater than his father's.
"JARVIS, can you confirm that?" Steve said in an anxious tone. The phone remained silent, but suddenly Tony felt something pushing against something in his mind. It was intelligent and assessing. Tony reached out to it
Tony tensed again before pulling back looking confused for a moment. Then a second later, it seemed to click. The brunette gave him a cocky grin.
Telepathy was granted to only those Guides born with strong empathy. It was thought that the empathy made it easier for the Guides to read a person's thoughts. Either way, Tony had a hard time dealing with it all. Anyone would have a hard time dealing with it. But at the same time it was a huge asset to his business. He was able to be on top of everything because he could read thoughts and feelings. However, it was a Catch-22. He could learn information from a person's thoughts and emotions but at the same time he could be driven mad if he enters a building with a bunch of people without some serious alcohol in his system.
"I...don't know what to say to that. What do you think my chances are?" Steve asked, wondering how much data could have been culminated since the beginning of the project.
"I got us dinner, figure we both need it after such a long day" The man said with a chuckle. Jet smiled and nodded, heading into the apartments. Zac parked and handed Jet the food, saying he was going to get a shower in before he came over. Jet nodded and headed into the apartment. He set the food down and went to a shower as well. He scrubbed himself clean and was exiting only to freeze. There stood Zac in the door way. His mind cut off for a moment. Zac's eyes instantly fell to over his heart. There was a plain look on his face. Jet sneered and walked to grab his shirt.
"Go ahead. I already had a cup. I figured you would need two this morning." Steve said with a boyish grin...that did not quit reach his eyes. Jet noticed that Steve's eyes flickered from his face to the bruises on his body. He said nothing. If he tried to hide them then that would draw even more attention to them. So he left it alone in favor of the coffee.
"TONY! What are you doing?" Steve's voice called through the ear piece. It was now clear to their fearless leader that something was up. Clint and Natasha were saying that they had lost visual of Iron Man. Dr. Doom was screaming something about the device. Tony knew already. He already knew. There was no going back. He flew higher.
Jet had shaved off all of the beard he had been growing. He tossed the hair in the trash, making sure to brush off the towel he had been using to make sure he did not clog the drain with his hair. He looked at himself in the mirror. He looked like he was 25-26 years old. Yet that number, in his head, felt too young. But he looked it. He tentatively reached out with his mind, tuning into that part of his mind.
"It's almost a hundred degrees in here. How is it that you are not dying of heat stroke with that jump suit on?" She asked, her tone genuinely curious. Jet looked back into the car with a frown.
"Custom? Do I do that a lot? Customize things?" Jet asked, curious. This was one of the first things Steve was actually telling him about who he was.
Tony was dizzy and sick. He wanted it all to stop. Stop. Stop. He felt someone grab his arm and yank him backwards. He struggled, not liking the inky slick feeling that rolled over his skin. It was all becoming too muhc. He didn't want to do this anymore. He struggled a bit more till the hand let go. There was a blooming of pain that was tearing through him before someone else grabbed him. Things dimmed a bit. The feeling of concern and lightness moved over him. The sense of ordinary falsified creeped over him before he was ushered into a car. He knew it was Coulson. Only that man could seem so ordinary yet not be. He was still struggling as Coulson spoke into his phone. It turned out the car was actually one of Stark Industries latest inventions. Like Steve's motorcycle, the car could hit speeds that no other car could.
"No dice. Both water bottles and the sandwich for that." Tony said, taking the bait unknowingly. Steve frowned, not letting Tony know he had done what Steve wanted him to. He let out a long exasperated sigh before pushing the plate closer to Tony.
"I am Jet Snow. Nice to meet you." He said with a tentative smile. He did not trust Harold, but he needed to get to town and this was the way he could go about it.
No matter what, Jet slid quickly into Vanessa's car when she picked him up. He did not want to face the new comers, just in case they were Thor's friends. He did not want to deal with it so he ran and hid in the one place he felt safe. The Garage. It was like his own personal world where he could get lost in the smell and feel of the machines. He worked on cars, but he knew he could do so much more then simple fixes and repair. For now this is all he could do till he figured out how to go about doing more. He thanked Vanessa before he walked into the garage...only to stop in his tracks. There, leaning casually against the back of a old mustang was a stunning red headed woman and a rather strong looking male. The man gave him a playful grin and a wink. Jet took a step back, not really sure how to take that.
There laid Steve. Blond hair tussled from sleep. His hand firmly wrapped around Tony's waist, their fingers interlocking together. He just stared in awe. How could he have been so lucky as to gain a Bondmate like Steve? He must have been a better man in his past life then he was in this one in order to deserve a man like him. He took in a deep breath and held it when Steve's eyes slowly opened. Tony took in the image of Steve's eyes half open, staring at Tony's twisted body. He watches as sleep vanished and clarity came into those deep blue eyes. Those eyes slowly move up his back to capture his own. Tony just stared before Steve sat up on his free elbow. There eyes were locked.
"Clint is right, it is a good thing you don't know who we are looking for. Natasha said that you are very...particular about your chest." Phil said, stepping into Jet space. Jet was tense and in turn Clint was, but Phil seemed completely at ease.
They walked into the living area, noting that the smell of tea and coffee had permeated the room. Tony grinned.
Bruce was reading over the information on the screen as it came up. Tony sat there, reading the information backwards since the screen seemed to be transparent. There was a tiny particle that was zoomed in. Tony set the cup down.
Tony hummed a bit, looking around. There was nothing he wanted expect the jumpsuit he had one when he left that facility. He knew eventually he would have to tell Steve how he woke up and where, but for now he wanted to just ignore that. It seemed they forgot about him in the first place since he hadn't had any incidents with them for three months. He wasn't foolish enough to believe that they would just let him go free.
"Sir, Mr. Stark left you an advanced pair of cuffs for you. They are on the night stand beside the bed." JARVIS said. Steve paused before laughing softly. He had not even thought of asking if JARVIS could locate a store to get them. It seemed that he owed a lot to Howard's son. The man had given him not only a way to learn how the rest of the world way fairing, but also a way to live in the world without going insane. He walked into the room and found a pair of thin looking cuffs. He put them on and hissed as he felt something crawl over his skin. It moved along all parts of his body. With in a matter of moments it was over. While the feeling of being cold was still there, everything else was gone.
"Your name is Tony." Steve finally said. Jet felt a sense of exhilaration. Tony. Tony. It felt so right. It made him feel….so right.
"Jet? You awake yet?" Zac's voice called through the door, a twinge of irritation in the tone.. Jet let out a soft sigh, heading to the door. He paused only to yank on a thick cotton shirt over his head. He had found it in one of the drawers. He figured it was left over from Harold. He opened the door, disregarding the fact his lower half was wrapped in a towel.
"In his own way, he looks out for those he cares about. Heck, he annoys and pokes me because he knows that everyone else walks on egg shells around me. He is okay with the fact I am dangerous when unstable, and in turn that makes me okay with….being myself around him. It helps in a twisted way. He helps me be less serious about things. That is what Tony does. He tries to hide behind his mask while still taking care of his small group of friends"
"Ta da! I did that once, what I was fixing…well whatever I was fixing. I accidentally pushed the rag into the oil can without thinking." He said with a shrug. Zac was giving him the strangest of looks. He walked up to Jet and clasped his arm a bit, rubbing his thumb over Jet's arm.
"Mr. Snow, I am Phil Coulson. Thank you for looking into my car. I must confess that we are actually here because our friend Mr. Odinsson" The man paused when Jet winced visibly. The red head, Natasha, looked over her shoulder before she walked off toward...Zac. His brow knitted together and watched as the woman spoke with Zac, while also typing something on her phone. Jet shifted his attention back to the men.
He knew he knew this place, even if his mind could not bring up the memories of this place. He felt so at peace here; welcomed. He was so lost in the feeling of the place that he didn't see the looks on the other people's faces. Natasha looked relieved and happy, though if anyone asked her about it she would simply shrug it off as a trick of light caused by the setting sun. Clint was grinning like a mad man, as if he had just pulled off the greatest shot ever. Steve looked very similar to Natasha only….there was something else there… A bit of longing and fear. But Tony missed all this as he just stood there, looking off at the setting sun before he clapped his hands together.
"Very high. Knowing Pepper, she has thousands of candidates already, and more coming in daily. I seriously think Pepper has a super power. I think it is some kind of super multitasking power. She gets a hold of something and it is guaranteed to be a huge success."
He jumped a bit when he heard a knocking on his door. It was solid and sure. Jet stood and walked to the door, figuring it was Zac. He yanked the door open with a scowl only to stare at the rather bulky...awkward blond standing in his door way. In one hand the man then a carrier with two large cups of what smelt like coffee. In the other hand there was a bag with what smelt like food. Tucked under the large arm was a book of some kind. Jet just stood there, taking the man in before the man gave him a sheepish grin. How a man who looked like he could throw a car and still look sheepish was beyond him.
"Relax, Bruce. He doesn't understand." Natasha said in a cool tone even as she reached for her gun, just in case. Bruce looked like he was considering how to get away with murder before he jerked his arm from Natasha's hand. For a moment it looked like Bruce was going to hit him, instead the Doctor just walked passed him, shouting over his shoulder as he went.
"Let me guess, your girl here isn't happy about having to stop." He said with a shrug. That made the girl smile a bit, not that it eased the dangerous aura she was giving off.
"You've been a sleep Cap'. For almost seventy years." Steve felt like he had been punched in the gut. He looked around, feeling even more ill at this. He knew, deep in his heart that everyone he knew was likely dead. He was…alone. He felt something break inside him.
"No, I would rather risk the two. Also...if I could meet them in a public place, I would very much prefer it." He said, looking around to the diner, seeing that it was fill with the usual people. Phil regarded him with a cool expression before he lifted his sleeve and spoke into a micro phone there.
"Tony! Snap out of it!" Steve said, shaking him. Bullets flew over the edge of the bike. Tony shook his head before shoving Steve away.
Steve fell silent as he took it all in. Tony helping Thor understand technology under the assumption that he didn't want to keep buying the God new cellphones. Tony opening his doors to the Avengers, especially to Clint and Natasha who had no place to call home. Tony making light of things that Pepper was stressing about, making the tall blond smile and relax a bit. Tony making an ass out of himself at a conference in order to cover up the fact someone recognized Bruce. He let out a groan, understanding now that he had made a mistake with all of Tony's past actions. He had been so disgusted in Tony's actions that he had not taken the entire picture in.
Jet knew he was being pathetic. Hell, Zac even told him he was whenever Jet told him how he wanted to remember everything again. Yeah, he knew it was a pathetic. But he couldn't help it. He figured that Zac knew a lot about him, because all the things the man said were confirmed in the dark of the night. When no one was around, in the darkness of the apartment, voices whispered things to him. Calling him the merchant of death, how he was a prick, a good for nothing fool and on and on. It was always the same, the voices were different, but it was always the same. The voices were telling him that he was a horrible person. He was a person who caused death. He felt sick when he was alone because the voices never stopped. He sometimes found himself in the bathroom, contemplating the best way to just...end it all. But he couldn't. Not so long as his dreams continued to give him the nameless blond who seemed to cherish and care about him.
It seemed that no one informed the compound that they were arriving, because when they touched down, the place erupted into chaos. There were people moving out of his way, which was a good thing. Steve instantly felt a tug deep down in him and his mind was on the hunt for the source. He snarled when he sensed that there were Bond-less Sentinels around his Match. He was not amused by this, even though rationally he knew it was all for Tony's sanity. Steve moved through the compound like he was familiar with it, when he wasn't. He could only do it because he was following the tugging in his mind and gut. He could feel how close he was getting to Tony.
"I...Yeah. I will try to not think about it now. But, I can understand why they came...why did you come?" He asked, hating how timid he sounded. He couldn't help but be unsure with the man. It was like he was fifteen year old high school girl with a crush. He shifted in his chair, taking Steve in. The man was wearing plain clothes. A white shirt and a pair of jeans, yet to Jet he was exuding sex appeal from his every pore. He finished the coffee in his second cup before standing up and tossing it in the trash. When he turned around, Steve was standing right there. He jumped a bit. He looked up at Steve confused for a moment before he felt something touch him. He looked down and noticed that Steve's fingers were brushing lightly over the bruises on his arms. Jet wanted to yanked back, but was hypnotized by how caring Steve looked. The man shifted his touch to reach around and place his hand over the bruise on his wrist. His hand nearly completely covered the bruise. Steve's brow knitted together before he brought his eyes up to Jet's. Jet felt his breath leave him. There were murder and concern in those eyes. Steve's thumb stroked over Jet's wrist for a moment before the larger man stepped even more into his space. Jet could feel Steve's breath on his ear. His heart pounded faster.
"Thanks. You know…Howard Stark was my friend." He said cautiously. Was he ready to know about what happened to those people he once knew? He sat down on the stale smelling couch. He gripped the edge of it. JARVIS was silent, as if waiting for something to do for him. He could still feel everything. His skin was still inflamed. Seventy years in the ice had caused a deep bone freeze that he figured he would feel for a long time. Every light breeze caused him pain. He was in so much pain. Thankfully JARVIS had shut down all the excess noise. His sense of sight was fine. That was one sense that he had gotten used to being extreme. It gave him the ability to look around a room once and know exactly where everything was. It was his sense of feel, smell and sight that gave him issues. That and...his ability to see the future. It still made him sick to his stomach. That disorienting sense of being outside himself for a moment to glimpse moments ahead of him. He had it when Bucky died. He had it when drove the plane into the ice. He knew that if he didn't, the world would fall to hell. It was why he was so okay with driving the plane into the ice. Being able to see the future was the one thing that no scientist could explain because only top Sentinel had it. He laughed bitterly, secretly hoping the world of today had a way of dealing with it.
"I recall nothing...not even my own name. Except...a man, blond with blue eyes...darker than your own" The hand on his shoulder flexed for a moment. A contemplative look crossed his face before he looked at Zac. He seemed to come to a realization. He let Jet go before nodding.
"Tony, I need you to sign some paper's. Also, the tower is nearly done. All we need is the power source." Pepper said, once again her thoughts vanishing behind the Pair Bond. He was eternally grateful that Natasha came along. He looked up, seeing the two standing by his side. Natasha was reading his notes while Pepper passed him the papers she needed him to sign. He looked at the paper, his eyes eating up the information on the papers, signing off on only the ones he was okay with and putting post it notes with information that need to be changed before he passed it to Pepper.
Jet went to the bathroom, coming out and wiping his hand on the front of the jumper. He looked into the office, seeing Dr. Foster there and...Zac. Jet could tell from where he was that Zac was making a pass at the brunette. The brunette seemed to laugh it off. Jet felt a little hurt by it, but it didn't matter. He walked into the office.
"Your shirt was off….like I said. I was as well…Your hands were…." Tony trailed off, his eyes shutting tightly.
He brought his tablet up and ran the program he just put into it. The camera focused on Steve. It showed the waves coming off him. Then the camera facing Tony took a snap shot of Tony's waves. Then the two waves were placed on top of each other. Tony's had a faster frequency and a large strength. Steve's were slower and thinner but was almost laying exactly on top of Tony's. But it was not out of phase. There was no cancellation. Tony shut the tablet down. He figured Steve's wave had, for a moment, been out of phase with his. For a moment they had been a perfect match. But that moment was over and Tony returned to being bombarded by everything. Being a Guide was never fun, especially when insanity was just around the next corner.
They lapsed into silence. There was nothing either of them wanted to say it seemed. They got to the shop and just set into working on all of the ATVs that had come in this morning. It seemed that things were looking up. Zac came over and leaned against the car that came in, abandoning the problematic mini van that he had been working on. Jet looked up and froze when he noticed the man staring at him. Zac reached over and ran his finger down the side of Jet's neck. A shiver of pleasure ran down his spine. It felt so good, that he didn't noticed that Zac's finger was rubbing over the burn the seatbelt had inflicted. Zac leaned in, making Jet lean in a bit as well. It felt good. That simple touch and he wanted more. He found himself drawn to the affection the man was giving him.
"You look tired." Zac's voice whispered for a moment. Jet gave him a lazy smile for a second before he finished up the problem he was working on before he pulled back and smiled at Zac.
"Thank God" Was all the man said as he held Tony tightly to him. Tony closed his eyes and returned the hug, figuring that Bruce needed it.
Steve was still laying in that bed three days after Stark left. It took his mind longer to fix all the damage done to it, but according to the doctors his recovery was quick. He laid in that bed, trying to not be overwhelmed by everything. Clint came in often to try and ease the beat of all the things going on. It helped, if only a little bit. But every bit helped him remain in a normal state of mind. He never got close to the Oblivion state, which was good. The Oblivion state was what happened when a Sentinel lost themselves to everything. The mind was consumed by everything and the Sentinel goes mad. They turn into monsters. They know no reason, no morality, and no limit. They kill and destroy anything that causes sensation. Which is everything and with their superior strength, they are deadly. Which is why it is so critical for powerful Sentinel to find a bond mate. It was the reason why Clint was around so much. Even though the man was bonded to Agent Coulson, he was still a powerful enough Guide to keep Steve's senses restrained some what.
"Basically, Steve is one of the most powerful Sentinels to date. Without a bond and with enough time he will either do serious damage to himself or he will end up doing some serious damage to others. His case, though it seems like it, is not unique. Every day we have to deal with the fact that Sentinels and Guides are spiraling off into insanity and harming people at the same time. Not everyone is as versed as I am in avoiding insanity " Natasha snorted, he pointedly ignored it and continued on.
"I want to know my name." He said in a firm tone, clasping his hands together in his lap and leveling Steve with a serious stare. Steve stared at him in turn. They just stared at one another. Jet could tell that the man was considering if he could answer that question safely.
In 1820, Humans underwent a drastic evolutionary change. It started off as one person, then a group of people, then a larger group of people. Soon it was a common occurrence. Humans were no longer just defined by sex, nationality, race and the like. They were also defined by whether or not their were the 'Enhancements'. The Human species had evolved two different sets of people; The Mentalist and the Sensitives. However those names were not mainstream enough, so people began to call the two new types of humans; The Sentinel and the Guides. That sticks a little more then the other two words. The Mentalist, better known as the Guides, short for Empathic and Telepathic people, are able to sense people's emotions and very powerful ones can even read minds. The Sensitives, better known as the Sentinel, are given acute awareness of the world around themselves and their bodies normally are honed weapons. Their senses are heightened to a great degree and the pinnacle of strength is being able to see into the direct future. Early on it was discovered that Sentinel and Guides needed one another to be steady in their lives. It was hard for the Sentinel to live their lives normally because of the constant influx of sensory input and sometimes they were even driven mad by it. The Guides were basically the same expect with emotions and thoughts of those around them.
"You must have a death wish to even consider saying, let alone thinking that, in the same room as Natasha." The archer said in a whisper. Steve was taken back, unsure as to how the spy knew what he was about to say. A wave of guilt washed over him when he realized that he had been about to make another mistake with his team. He felt grateful to Clint for preventing him for furthering the distance between him and his team. He cleared his throat, deciding that was a better way to break into the scene. A safer way at least.
"You left without eating. Clint and Natasha said that they had interrupted you at the start of the day so you were likely unable to get food. Figured you could use a meal." He said as he flipped to a random page and pulled a pencil out from the binding of the book. Steve began to randomly draw as if it wasn't abnormal for them to do this. Jet paused and took a bite of the hamburger. He let out another groan and began to eat, trying to recall the last time he ate. There was another chuckle. Jet washed his mouthful down with the coffee before licking his lips.
"God, you are pathetic." The man said in a small laughing tone. Then there was a hand in Jet's hair. Jet pushed his head into the touch, needing it. He needed the affection. He didn't want Zac to leave him alone, not after all this. He barely knew the guy, but the sense of semi-peace that he brought. He craved it and was going to try and keep it for as long as he could.
"The Game." He paused, staring at her for a moment. "It's from May 1941. I know it because I was there." She stopped smiling, clearly obvious that the game was over. He stood up slowly, knowing that things were about to get very serious.
He stopped just outside the door, people shouting around him. Window ordering people to stand down, Coulson doing the same but none of that matter. Steve yanked the door open and stood there, stunned. There in the bed was Tony, who looked ruffled and out of sorts, but very much alive. He had been so focused on getting to Tony, that he didn't even notice that he felt things in moderation. None of that matter, because Tony was there…reaching out to him. He strode across the man, desperate to grab a hold of that hand. He knew he no longer had to long for that hand, the hand of his Perfect Match. It was there. He grasped it, mindful of his strength. It felt like everything fell into place. The last puzzle piece was in place and now he could finally see the entire picture. A future for himself that wasn't riddled with loneliness, pain and imperfect bonds.
"It is not really strange when you think about it. The bracelets suppress the Sentinels senses. It could easily also suppress the natural wave. Ever since the bracelet's creation, we knew that long term wear would trigger the Oblivion state. It wouldn't be hard to draw the conclusion that the bracelet's suppression of the natural wave causes that wave to act in strange ways. The body would want to correct this altered wave in order to return to normal, which could very well be the Oblivion state." Bruce said in a even tone. That man was painfully shy, for good reasons, but it was nice to know that Bruce was willing to tell them about this. It was a known fact that the Guide was very close friends with Tony, or closer then Clint.
Tony's neglected member hung there, dripping with precum. Tony wanted to reach back and stroke himself but he was afraid that if he did it would ruin the rhythm they had going. Steve seemed to noticed them because there was a soft chuckle before those lust filled voice stroked over him.
"Natasha move to the other side of the room." He said, his tone dismissive. But it was always like that when he got into the zone. Science was the one place he felt at home doing. He was glad he had enough alcohol in his system now to dim just a bit of the resonance that came from them moving a part. Pepper's thoughts began once again, going through an entire list of things she had to get done and things she had to make sure Tony did after this experiment. Pepper pulled out a tablet and began to work on it as Natasha moved to the other side of the room. Tony watched as the wave moved to still try and encompass them before finally breaking off. The purple coloration bled into blue and red as the waves continued to be emitted from Pepper and Natasha, respectively. He watched for a moment, waiting for something. Then it came in the form of when the waves finally settled back down to their respective frequencies and densities. While Pepper and Natasha's wave density was exactly the same, the frequency was exactly 180º out of phase. They were opposite. It made sense, Tony reasoned, that they would cancel each other other. Making it so that they could no longer pick up the extra bits from the outside world. He continued to jot down notes before he took the goggles off and set them aside. That was amazing. He began to write down all the theories that came to mind, making plans to go to a mixer event and look at other couples.
"Y~yes! Steve!" Tony said, whimpering as those fingers began to work him so well. It was obvious that Steve knew how to please him, because he was dripping with pleasure. Tony was pushing back, fucking himself on those fingers, moving with Steve. Pleasure course through his veins like molten steel. Each push of Steve's fingers hit his prostate, sending more pleasure through him.
"They did something to me, ok? I am the successful project. Some how, I can communicate to anything that holds data. The internet, any computer or cell phone. I have access to it with my mind." Tony said, glaring hotly at Steve, not at all amused by the being held down thing. Steve stared at him silently before he reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone.
He took a step back as his eyes met blue. The right color blue. They held so much sorrow and joy, that it nearly floored him. He forced his eyes to break the connection to look at the woman. She looked devastated but completely happy. Suddenly she stood up and wrapped him in her arms. He was hit with a very familiar perfume. She felt so...right in holding him. He started to shake as she cried against his shoulder. He felt like he had done this to her many times before. He felt like this beautiful blond had been like this before. Like this was something that changed them forever. He felt all this as he awkwardly patted the woman's back. His eyes once again caught the man's blue eyes. Everything about him was so...right. So much so it ached to look at him. It hurt to see him.
"Did you get to see how this ends? Hmm? Did you get to see how I finished you off?" Steve asked as he continued the onslaught of his fingers. Tony shook his head, for his voice seemed to have left him. Those fingers crooked and stroked him from the inside before Steve leaned over a bit, whispering hotly into Tony's ear.
"That sounds good, but I don't want to impose. I mean it is her apartment." He said, hedging around the topic. He knew he had no choice. He had no money on him, not that they knew that. He needed a job in order to get money. So Harold was doing a favor for his other friend and making it seem like he was being a good samaritan buy offering Jet his wife's apartment. When in reality he was killing two birds with one stone. He got someone to pay for Lisa's apartment while she lived with him and, likely, got his friend off his back.
"Tony? Tony! Relax!" Bruce voice called, sounding concerned and scared. Tony gripped the table as his mind recalled what it was like to be betrayed. When his family friend tried to tear his heart out of his chest. Tried to removed the arc reactor. He choked back a sob as on top of that the feeling of water splashing over his face. His breathing hitched as his knees gave out. He leaned his head against the counter, struggling to breath properly. He remember kindness in the darkness of places but it was torn away from him. Tear seemed to roll freely down his cheeks as he clawed at the counter. His panic and his fear gripping him as the memories assaulted him.
"No, sir. There are cuffs that when placed upon a person's skin, a small field in erected over the entire body. It dulls the sense of feel, hearing and smell to an average human's level. However the cuffs do not work for Matched Pairs."
"Okay, I will meet some of his friends...But...can I meet them later, I am not...completely ok with it right now." He said, almost afraid of getting a denial. He wanted desperately to be the person they were looking for, but he did not want to get his hopes up. Jane looked hesitant for a moment before speaking in a soft tone.
"Come on, just pick something out. I want you to be warm for the rest of the trip." Steve said, shifting in the store with his hands in his pockets. Tony sighed and crunched up his face. While it appeared as though he was upset about all this, he couldn't help but feel all warm inside at the idea of Steve taking care of him. He stuck out his tongue at the large man before walking around. He found all sorts of sweaters, pausing when he noticed the exact one he wanted. It was red, white and blue with a white star. He found it in his size before he walked to Steve, holding it up triumphantly
Tony Stark blinked and stared down at the goggles that he had just completed. In all honesty, he had no idea if they would really work or not. He was just going off the information that he found in his father's journal. He tapped his fingers on the work bench, wondering who he should try them on first. The whole reason he had made them was because of Pepper and Natalie. They had come together instantaneously. A Perfect Match that came together to become a Matched Pair. Blue light and all. He couldn't believe it until he saw the security tape. The moment Natalie walked into Pepper's office to take on Pepper's old job, it was all over. Pepper had stood up sharply the moment the red head had walked into the room. Natalie had paused before she stormed across the carpet and grabbed Pepper's hand. A bright blue light shot out from their clasped hands. The Guide part of Tony was upset to lose Pepper to someone else. The Genius part of Tony was intrigued.
"Yeah, I am ready." He said in an uneasy tone. He wasn't really sure if he was, but he wanted it. He wanted to have what the cuffs had once gave him. He wanted someone to call his own. Wanted someone to care of and protect. That is what he always wanted, what he always dreamed of. Pepper gave him a fond smile before she raised the tablet up and took a snap shot of Steve's aura. She set the tablet back down on her lap. She mad eit go through all the waves she had gathered in the last three days.
He laid there till he finally decided to get out of the bed. He got ready for work, glad that he had something physical to keep himself busy. He knew that he wouldn't be able to do nothing but think for hours on end. No, he needed something to do. Plus working on cars made him feel like he was at home in a way. It wasn't exactly the same, but for the most part he felt like it was enough. That is what his life was going to be for a while. Making things into more then they should be in order to feel some form of contentment.
"It is mostly Tony's fault, he is very good at hiding away from everyone. It even took me several years to figure out what was actually going on." Pepper said in a soft tone, though there was a hint of regret. He never figured out what caused them to break up. Natasha turned to Pepper and touched the other woman's hand. It was done in such a familiar way that it made Steve tense up. Could Natasha...
"It's ok, Tony. Relax." Steve said in a soothing tone, sensing the situation was becoming more volatile. Bruce excused himself, dragging Clint out with him. Tony didn't seemed to care as he went after Steve now. Somewhere deep down, he was struggling to get this all to stop. But it wasn't working. Something overtook him. He couldn't fight it. Not yet at least.
"That still doesn't help me with the phone and the constant confusion." Steve muttered against Tony's hair. He did not know why he kept holding onto Tony. He figured it was because he needed to hold onto someone and Tony was there. Plus, if the man was affection starved it seemed like it would be no problem for Tony if he just gave into his desire to hold someone. Plus who else could he do this to? No one. No one but Tony.
"Hey, Cap. What brings you down to my domain?" The genius asked, walking to the table. He eyed the food that Steve brought. He looked at Steve suspiciously.
Steve continued to move at a nearly brutal pace, his pleasure soaking into Tony's bones. Soon they were spirally faster and faster toward climax. The only thing that kept them going for this long was Steve's stamina that came from the Super Solider Serum. It made it easier for them to not just blow up after a couple of touches like other Perfect Matches. There was a spike of pleasure, Tony's inner walls tightening a bit around Steve's cock. That set them both off. The tightness combined with the heat creating a precipitate that set off their simultaneous climax. Steve gave one more strong thrust, pushing his hips tightly to Tony's in order to climax deep inside his mate, as if wanting to mark him from the inside. Tony's climax coated their stomach, creating a sticky mess. Neither of them cared. They collapsed into the bed, Steve on top of Tony for a moment before he rolled off to one side. The Solider gathered his mate into his arms, burying his nose in that sweaty brown hair. He took a deep breath, evening out his breathing.
"Let me guess...these two very specific people are here and they want to make sure that I am this person." He said in a hesitant tone. He licked his lips as fear and nerves gripped him. He wasn't so sure he wanted to do this. Wasn't sure he wanted to risk rejection.
Steve looked away, only to spot how hard Pepper was holding Natasha's hand. Suddenly Steve felt sick to his stomach. It was obvious that it had happened before. Steve was no fool. If someone came to realize just how much Tony craved something, they would try and manipulate it. Try and control Tony through it. And if it came to light that that is what was happening, Tony would be devastated. Anyone would be devastated. Steve hung his head and looked at his hands. Tony would try and avoid making friends. Yet…..Tony had friends. A couple, but it seemed that he did not care for them at all. He looked up for a moment.
Steve released Tony's neck in favor of putting the brunette on his back. Tony's legs were still on either side of Steve's hips making it convent for the stronger man to thrust his pelvis greedily against Tony's. Tony let out a moan and a whimpered as they rocked together, feverishly seeking out each other's skin. But their clothes were getting in the way. So caught up in the need to assure themselves of each other existence that they forgot to strip.
"Okay, so it seems you got the aura snap shot part down. Let me help you figure out the rest." And like that, Pepper became to leader of Project: Match. Tony felt no hope for himself to be matched, but he was ever hopeful that Steve would be able to find someone. He just hoped that someone would be able to help Steve feel like a apart of this time as well as give the Super Solider someone to care for. That is what Steve needed.
Steve was getting frustrated. His cellphone kept making noise. It wouldn't stop for anything. He was trying to control his anger, but it was starting to get to be too much. This week had been horrible. The worst in a long time. He been tossed around in the last mission. During an interview as Captain America, a reporter asked him what he did for a real life job. He had explained that he had only been a soldier. Which was good, but then the papers made it out like he had no other talents. That he was just another stupid man trying to be a hero. They even compared his old time fighting style with Iron Man's brash and up front attitude. He tried to ignore it, but they had just made it even more clear that he was not where he was suppose to be. That his old fashioned ways were not a part of this time.
The lack of love that either parents felt towards him, started to drive Tony mad. He grew to be socially inverted. He struggled all his life to gain some kind of positive emotions from his parents. He tried to be the best son possible. At age four he created his first circuit board, just to see if his father would feel any kind of pride. Instead all Tony felt from his father was disgust that his son was surpassing him. It was a slap in the face. Tony heard every negative, degrading and angry thought his parents thought. He felt the hatred his father had when he fixed his mistakes. Being a powerful Guide was horrible for Tony. It was the reason he threw himself into science. Machines did not give off bad emotions, didn't think at all. But he needed some kind of affection. So he started to drink and have sex with random people at the young age of thirteen. But he never slept with Sentinel. They couldn't handle the smell of strong alcohol on his breath when he tried to sleep with them.
Tony was settled on the back of Steve's bike, grasping on tightly to Steve's waist. They were bolting down the road at nearly break neck speeds. Yet Tony wasn't scared. Instead he was exhilarated. It felt like flying. He felt something flash across his mind. Like he had once flown by himself before. He struggled to hold onto the memory, but found it alluding him. He wasn't sure what it was about but he wanted it back. Just as much as he wanted Steve back. He nuzzled into the strong span of back before him. He inhaled that scent that wafted off of Steve. It was covered by leather, but it was just enough to lull him. He felt so safe. Steve had told him that he was taking him home, to Manhattan, New York. Supposedly he lived at the top of a building. That was all he could know for now.
"You wouldn't be happy" Natasha said in a soft tone, her face still completely blank. The only thing that gave her away was her eyes. There was a softness to them. A vulnerability that, if he wasn't stuck in 'anger' mode, he would have noticed. But he was snapping and snarling at everyone for no reason.
He looked over to the door where Tony had retreated. He swallowed as the feeling of bile coating his throat overcame him. Had he made Tony feel like he had to run and hide in his own home? He stuffed his hands into his pockets and walked to the elevator, feeling like the world's biggest ass. On his floor, he threw himself down on his bed and scrubbed a hand over his face. He did not understand what was going on. He did not understand why it was always Tony that caused him to be such a mean person. He was never like that with anyone else. Just Tony.
"DONT! STAND DOWN! Let him go" A serious, strong voice said. That voice nearly made him fall to his knees. It was the right voice and everything. Jet ran like he never ran before. He did not know why he was running. He just had to. Had to run away from them. It was too much at once. Too many feelings. But it was the voices that came with the familiarity that was breaking him down.
