I had my breath ready to carry my further sentiments, but he cut me short. “I think,” he interrupted gently, now averting his gaze briefly, “that two confessions in a day are quite sufficient. Let us enjoy the freedom they have created for today and consider further matters for future discussion.”
That next morning, John woke to his own sneezing. Dread immediately settled in his bone. He swung himself out of his bed, put on some pants and a t-shirt before making his way downstairs. Sherlock was already awake, leaning over his microscope. John greeted him with an unceremonious “mornin'” and set to brewing some fresh tea.
"I love you. Even if you didn't."
John told himself while staring at the suit he was about to wear. Sherlock got it for him, the damn thing was about the cost of all his outfits combined.
I go to reach out but decide against it, my hand just twitches on my lap.
Or begging.
He left some money to Mrs Hudson. Things important to family left to Harriet and his mother. Everything else was dispersed among the few friends he still had.
"People can have lives away from their flatmates you know. Maybe his soulmate lives far away now, or he just visits him." She seems to remember she has tea and starts to drink it again.
"You don't know that Sherlock, how can you?"
I prayed that it didn't spread any further, lest John see it creeping up my neck or when I lift my arms in a too short shirt, I really didn't need any of that soul mate talk from him. We could be one of the rare cases where one is their soul mate and the other isn't. With my luck, that's exactly it.
"Then let's not talk about it. We don't need to waste time on something this pointless." I rolled my eyes and tried to get him back to the door.
I sigh with relief and put back on my shirt, flopping back onto the bed. I try to take a deep breath and just end up with a sob, so I try again. The sob comes out even louder so I just turn over onto my stomach and hold a pillow to my face to muffle myself. My crying is starting to border on ridiculous as I try to pull myself together, I can't help but think about John comforting me through this. It makes me cry even more.
"How do you mean?" She leans forward a little, setting down her cup.
"I wasn't but, well, there was a change of plans." I reply, chuckling nervously while hanging up my coat. By the time I'm through with that she's already in the kitchen making tea.
"It is what it is." I croak out, eyes closed now as I try to swallow what felt like a rock in my throat.
Everyone regretted that decision.
"It's just fingers in the fridge, really? Why?"
John regretted it for the rest of his now short life, he knew Sherlock was always on the edge. Now he realizes how close he is... Was. It's was now, isn't it? Everyone blamed him. '
I sigh and set the laptop to the side, standing up. "Alright." I take my shirt and set it to the side, taking a slow breath. "Examine me doctor
John punches the mirror, tears falling and knuckles now bloody. He opens his eyes and pulls the shards out of his knuckles. He tries to breathe but it just comes out as sobs of,
That night I snuck into his hospital room, easier said than done but easier than I thought it would be. I barricaded the door and sat by his bedside, holding his hand but before I knew it I started talking, sounded more like blubbering honestly.
"So, have you had any cases lately?" He's trying for small talk again. Why? I don't understand why, he left and now suddenly he's back like nothing happened.
P.S: This goes for all chapters, it will probably seem OOC since I write these when I have writers block for other fanfic or parts of my novel I'm writing.
"Oh you know how much I hate repeating myself. I said, take off your shirt. I want to look at your soulmate mark and compare it to ones I know."
I think I slept more than usual because when I wake up the smell of tea and eggs waft through the air. I feel like a mess as I get out of bed and get on some real clothes, looking at myself in the mirror I realize I look just like I feel. I brush out my hair and splash water on my face before going out to the living room.
It's just as I thought, that bloody mark was starting to grow over my chest. Flowing in intricate patterns across my pectorals and starting to travel down my ribcage, slowly starting to take a definite shape. There was the start of flower petals coming from the dot that started over my heart, the swirling patterns looked almost like vines.
"Do I have a soulmate? Yes, but I don't know who." John replies, his eyes still fixed on my chest.
"Better than ever, new record. But I wish you were here." I felt my voice crack more than I heard it, along with a warmness building up behind my eyes.
There was a knock at the door and I went to answer it without a second thought. Suddenly I came back to myself when I saw John about to say something when the words died on his lips while he stared at my torso.
"Really, who is she?" Sara asks excitedly, plopping down in her chair like a schoolgirl listening to teen gossip.
I nod gratefully and go to the kitchen to eat. I'm glad he didn't broach the subject of soulmates this early in the morning, letting me eat before bombarding me... even though I normally don't afford him such a courtesy.
"You're hesitating." I finally look him in the eyes.
"A him then. Does he know that you're soulmates?" John is still trying for something, why?
Sherlock and John have another talk, trying to broach the subject of soulmates.
"Hey, are you just gonna stare at me or are you coming to bed and cuddling with me?" Sara asks playfully, a sleepy mumble hinting in her voice as she smiles.
"Do you think they're one of those cases?" Sara takes a sip of her tea to hide the sympathy in her own voice.
"Well, it's pretty complicated even for us. He has a soulmate." I reply as I take my tea, knowing she's probably gonna drop it at the news.
"Do you want to talk about this?" He asks softly, like he's trying not to startle an already frightened animal.
I stay on the couch for a bit while he makes food, wrapping myself even tighter in my dressing gown. God, I wish it was like this all the time but all the same, we would get bored.
"Do be more specific, there's a lot of things we can talk about." I reply, still facing the back of the couch and being this close to curling up. He may call me a child for this but I don't care.
I study his face as if it's the last time I'll see it, filing the warmth of his hand against my chest in my mind palace. I almost miss the smaller steps closer and closer to me until his head is flat against my chest. Then, John mumbles something I couldn't catch. "What was that?"
"You're correct, I am a freak. But you were the only person to never call me that. But it is for the best, I was actually starting to get attached. Funny that."
"Don't change the subject John. Why are you with her when you both know you aren't soulmates?!" I didn't mean for it to come out like that but what's done is done.
I take the note out of the box and leave it on the sidetable. I weigh it down with the box and the now empty syringe, wondering how long it will take for someone to find me. Probably a few days, a week of I was especially unlucky. I already set up my Will and Testament, not too suspicious for the circumstances I find myself in.
Upon closer inspection of his tattoo I saw all the familiar markers on my tattoo, we're both missing the key starting points... except for one. The first time we said I love you. But I don't remember saying it or him saying it to me. Then again, I have meant it in some of the other things I've said, same could be true for him. We are quite the unconventional pair after all.
"So do I Sherlock, but... it is what it is." John says reassuringly, this time I feel a light pressure on my knee. Definitely not enough to be his hand.
I don't know how much time has passed but I felt myself slipping. Finally everything was quiet. This time I felt a soft kiss to my lips and I relaxed even more, not having enough energy to even try to kiss back. I felt loved, finally. I let go with last words tainting my lips. I didn't know if they were mine.
I hear John hum in acknowledgement and I feel him staring at me when he goes into his own chair. After a few minutes of him sipping his tea and staring I have to say something.
"Don't. Don't assume why I was crying. We both know you really don't want answer and you're just trying to pry open my emotions so you can figure out what poor sod is unknowingly entangled with me. At least be up front with me about it. Don't treat me like I'm stupid." I bite out, finally turning over to face him and sit up. I can't help it as I hold the snarl building up in my throat by a thin leash.
"How about when you threatened me with the mute button?" I chime in, trying not to laugh through my words.
"No."
John didn't come home last night, I thought he was just going to let me stew for the day and sneak in during the night while he thought I was asleep. I stayed up for awhile with the lights off to see if he would come in. Now I'm feeling a bit worried.
His demeanour softens. "He doesn't know, does he?" He sounds almost consoling, it pisses me off even more.
"Soon." I corrected to the now, and always, empty room.
Instead of hearing anything like how I normally did I felt a warmth, like someone who's afraid to touch. I relaxed and the pressure felt real, but as light as a blanket. My curls were brushed away and my breathing deepened. A kiss to my forehead, like a concerned lover. I almost opened my eyes. Too much effort. I couldn't feel my thoughts anymore. Correction. My thoughts were water.
"Well you were already insulting everyone." John retorts, his smile fond as I smile a little brighter while shaking my head.
Is all I said before the nurses tried to get me to leave. I wouldn't leave until they agreed not to pull that damn plug. But before I knew it they were dragging me away, I was kicking and screaming for them to let me go, that he needed me... And they couldn't do this. In the distance I heard that constant
"Take off your shirt." I blurt out.
"Soldiers today?"
' the headline read.
"You once said, "Why is it called, taking your own life. It's not you who will be missing it, you'll be dead. It'll be everyone else." and "Your life is not your own. Keep your hands off it." God, I wish you followed your own advice you bastard. You know, everyone blames me, how I didn't see the signs or... Stop you. Everyone blames me... Hell, I blame me too. But they still want me to give your eulogy, they think I'm the only one who can do it. I can't even believe you're dead after that stunt you pulled a few years ago. Because you can't be, you're Sherlock bloody Holmes. Hat man, Mr. Punchline, and my... My best friend. So just... Come back. I'm sorry you bastard I'm sorry!"
"Yeah, just, sorry about that." I answer, trying not to let on what's going through my mind when I lay down and hold her in my arms.
"Hey, I thought you weren't gonna come over today." Sara says, letting me inside and closing the door behind me.
He felt bad about leaving such a mess for Mrs Hudson, he didn't know how she would rent the place out now. John made up his mind and he obviously wasn't changing it.
"Not all love has to be for soul mates, since I haven't found out who mine is I'm giving it all to her. Once I find who she is, I'll give her all that and more, alright Sherlock?" His tone is still that consoling thing, it's like he's trying to comfort me about my own woes. I can't help but just nod and swallow back my own words, it feels like I'm going to cry. It seems that he notices this and puts a hand on my arm, the most awkward way to comfort someone. "We'll talk more in the morning, alright? Just get some sleep." With that he leaves to his own room, closing the door behind him.
John let out a tragic mixture of a laugh and a sob before putting on the suit.
"Did you not just hear me? He'll. Leave. Want to know why? He's straight. He always insists as such. I'll be perfectly fine with him and I just living as the closest to friends I've ever gotten besides you. I don't need to work out anything with him about," I gesture over my clothes chest with a barely restrained anger and disgust. "This. Alright? So just because your love life isn't working out as well as you wish with whatever-her-name-is that doesn't mean you need to invade mine." I growl out my words and stand, trying to make myself bigger so he'll just leave.
A minute later they broke through my barricade, how I don't know. Mycroft, Sherlock's mum and dad were behind the nurses, heads hung low. I couldn't leave Sherlock. I couldn't let them pull the plug. So I held on tighter to him, the beeping still drumming into my skull.
Today I heard Mycroft talking with the doctors, they were going to pull the plug. I felt tears starting to roll down my cheeks and my heart pull at my throat.
Then...
I took off my cotton nightshirt after turning on the light, praying that John was still asleep in his own room or he might think something was amiss. I kept my eyes closed until I face the mirror.
"What about when Moriarty got a call in the middle of threatening us and just let him bloody take it? Jesus Christ that is one way to relieve dramatic tension." We both dissolve into a fit of laughter again. "'Mind if I get that?' 'Oh no, please. You've got the rest of your life.'"
"I wish I could kiss those lies from you Sherlock." Ah, there's where my knowledge of John ends and where my desires begin. I knew it would come to this, it always does. Too bad I haven't learned to keep this version of John close enough to reality to keep him from shattering.
I woke up and turned on the tea kettle, looking to see if John came home. No sign of his coat, no shoes.
I sigh and flop back onto the couch, alone with my thoughts at least for the day.
I had to do something.
"I'm fine John." I replied, a false sense of happiness coating my words, an equally plastered on smile accompanied it. I watched as he took in my appearance, if I looked as bad as I felt I was doomed. He shook his head with a small smile.
Sherlock gritted his teeth, barely even showing signs of being irritated.
"I can hear the gears in your head turning, what is it?" I say, not even looking away from the screen, continuing what looks like casework.
I couldn't help but trace the pattern over with my finger, following the lines and predicting how it would grow further on, if I let it anyway. Finally I settled my hand over the black dot with a sigh.
Mycroft repressed his initial reaction, he wanted to recoil, to express his disgust at the man’s words, but Mycroft knew this was the response the man wanted.
“My brother could hardly be called ordinary.”
‘John she’s fine, I made her milk, we had a little cuddle while she drank but she only got half way through the beaker before she was falling asleep, so I took her upstairs and read her that nice fairy story you both seem to like so much until she was fast asleep, maybe she was just tiered from her day. It was a big day John, lots of people. Don’t worry so much, are you having a nice time?’
“Are you drunk Sherlock?” John asks quietly and Sherlock merely chuckles. It seems pertinent as they’re standing on their doorstep in the middle of the evening while Sherlock presses a very firm and prominent erection into the top of John’s arse and lower back.
“Gregory, it is no imposition. If I could insist then I would but I know that’s not my place.” Mycroft’s voice held a hint of the longing Greg was forcing himself not to acknowledge. “I would be honoured if you used the property. I find myself quite fond of the image it creates in my mind.” Greg felt himself blush slightly.
‘Anyone else feel slightly in shock right now?’ it was Greg, he was voicing the same sentiment John was feeling but John couldn’t find words anymore. Articulation had left the building and in its place he’d been left staring blindly at a small pile of papers on the coffee table, that and the small rectangle of card that was slowly digger its corners into his palm.
“What things are those?”
Greg deliberately raised an eyebrow at the camera putting on the most enthusiastic pout he could manage. Behind him he heard Francis smother a snort. The poor man tried to cover it with a cough but he could hardly fool Greg.
"I love kissing this one." He said quietly.
“Boys!” Mrs. Hudson shouted; Mina hedged sleep this time. John caught her eyelids flutter but they closed securely again when Mrs. Hudson began rubbing a small circle on her stomach. “Boys please, this is hardly important, Gregory has the gun and that’s fine. He’s not about to turn around and shoot everyone, unless that’s what you’re suggesting, Francis?”
Yours
Sherlock’
‘Franklin report.’
‘All clear Ma’am, no sign of forced entry.’
“Because I trust you. Mycroft, Sherlock wasn’t your fault, he was a brilliant mind and if he had reached out to you are you telling me you wouldn’t have moved heaven and earth to help him? Mycroft you won’t miss anything but if you do, if I am taken out and they outsmart you and the entirety of the security team you have shadowing us that still leaves us with Greg and the Met; they found her the first time. Greg brought her home and he would do it again, wouldn’t you?”
Franklin?’
“Because what is a more vicious motivator than revenge. She is young and beautiful. The perfect target for kidnapping, powerful and rich family, a tragic back story. Her image in relation to some terrible tragedy, can you not see it John. It would break the country’s hearts and incite terror.”
"Of everything. Everything you have taken. Everything you have done."
‘No thank you Doctor Watson if you just bring the bag up, the car ride put her to sleep. You’re lucky with this one, she seems to be an okay sleeper, I’ve seen much worse.’ He follows the woman’s slow and steady footsteps trying to get a clearer view of the little girl encased in the bundle.
“Alright. The first of my question concerns your ex-husband.” Mycroft took a photograph out of the folder he had been carrying, showing it to Mrs. Hudson who took it gingerly to consider three men walking down a street. John could distinguish nothing special about them. One looked to be significantly older than the other two and all three men were well built and stocky.
“You’ve wondered, haven’t you, about what they said. You’ve watched the moment over and over again, captured on your little cameras. But you still don’t know what was said. You don’t know why he jumped. Tell me, Mr Holmes, does it haunt you?” Mitrović asked. “I bet it does. Would you like to know?”
John turned when he felt a hand on the shoulder furthest from Greg; Mrs Hudson leant over smiling down at Mina sleeping soundly.
*** = change of perspective (this chapter has John and Mycroft's in) or a jump in time during the chapter, basically means something changes.
‘Nonsense, even you could not heal all the damage the years before you caused.He was so lost John and you found him.’
While wiping porridge off the surfaces he thought back to the morning previously, 24 hours ago he’d been sat in his sad bed sit contemplating a second cup of tea before work, he’d slept badly, nightmares a regular occurrence again, and awoken with no desire for food but a strong need for caffeine. Now he was facing a lifetime of responsibility he’d never dreamed of and never understood how much he wanted. He’d thought about children in an abstract sense but they’d always been pushed into the future, something to discuss with a serious partner if one would ever materialise. Mina was no abstract idea however, she was also not in the ring of cushions John had placed her in, panic surged through John and he circled the table, had she fallen, where was she, had he remembered to close the front door, but she was there, clinging to the bars at the side of Sherlock’s chair and contemplating the skull on the mantelpiece, she’d pulled herself up to standing and John realised their little tests yesterday hadn’t taken into account mood, perhaps she could do more than they’d noted. He stood quietly watching her as she pondered the skull, she lifted her hand to her mouth and started sucking her fingers again, there was something in that John thought, some meaning behind the action maybe, was it comfort, some babied formed attachments to the sucking motions if feeds had been used for comfort or he supposed if they’d had dummies, was this a similar action.
‘Lord no, although i'm sure she will be glad you considered it, Sherlock would have detested the idea. Not that he didn't love our mother, more that naming a child in a traditional manner would have upset his rebellion’ That left john still pondering the list he had been creating in his head, he didn't want anything too modern, he came from a family which honored the names of people that had been important to one of the parents, perhaps he could come to a combination of someone important to him and someone important to Sherlock, or Sherlock's family perhaps. He decided he did rather like the idea of a double barrelled last name as well.
‘That’s nonsense John, you know that. They sensationalise anything they can,’ Lestrade said.
‘I’ve got to be honest with you; I have no idea about any of that. I mean her crib is a dark stained wood, I think mahogany but her uncle bought it, it’s big and stately and takes up most of the room.’
“You know some. Well that’s great.”
‘Oh why? John, are you going somewhere?’  Mrs Hudson smiles over at him from behind Tammy’s back, she’d volunteered to come this morning when John had explained his early morning typing to her. She’d seemed genuinely excited at the prospect of him doing something like this, explaining that it was nice to see him doing something for himself for once, he’d been so tied up in becoming a Dad he’d stopped most of his favourite activities.  He knew she was right, it wasn’t that he in anyway resented fatherhood but he did miss having the time to devote to the few past times he did have, perhaps writing was something he’d be able to engage with again, now he had a purpose.
John sighed.
“So it’s like this, I’ve never been straight; I know that, I’ve dated blokes plenty and it’s great. Some of my best relationships were with blokes. I mean most of them were very short but they were excellent and the sex- John, the sex was great and, look, it all comes down to this.”
Mycroft sniffed derisively. “If you are hoping to get a rise out of me, Mr Mitrović, you are going about it the wrong way.”
“Right, what about now?”
“What do you mean?”
‘She is a scared and traumatised child. She will need warmth, comfort and safety. She will need love. Just as Sherlock did. I trusted you with the most precious thing in my world once before and you never once failed him or me,' he tries to smile but the pain is too close to the forefront of his mind, 'You are the only person on this planet who can do this John, who can make her the person she could have been if Sherlock had been here, because you, you are the only one who knew him, knew the whole of him. He needed you more than you will ever know, you saved him and now you will save her.’
John didn’t doubt it, he knew Mycroft, he knew how deeply he loved Mina, saw it every time he came to visit and divested himself of the material trappings of power he had employed for the entirety of his association with John to play on the floor chasing Mina on his hands and knees while she squealed with glee at escaping him, saw it when he donned an apron and helped Mina experiment with bubble blowing while John washed up and took half an hour to himself. He saw it in the gifts that arrived despite his objection once a week.
“So was Sherlock there when Sebastian was still working with your husband?” Mycroft asked.
‘We’re still reading Peter Pan, I’m thinking of writing some of the passages on her bedroom walls, they look so plain at the moment.’
They had all been filled with such fiery rage, such emotional rawness, their grief was shared but not spoken about.
“Did I ever give the impression I wasn’t, Greg?” John said, falling into parades rest as he stood beside Mrs. Hudson’s chair. The woman broke into a slightly helpless giggle when John winked at her.
Now Mycroft looked truly uncomfortable. He went back to the table shuffling the photographs back inside just to replace them with new ones. Each photograph contained a profile shot of a different individual. Three men and one woman; John recognised one of the men but he couldn’t place a finger on where from. Mrs. Hudson was studying the same photograph with a great deal of concentration, tapping a finger gently against her lips as one would do with a pen.
He unfolds himself from the chair and the thick blanket, stretching is back and shoulders he thinks he feels a little better, warmer certainly and his brain is a little clearer, it feels a little less heavy on his shoulders than before his nap. He walks towards the nearest of the suited men and asks quietly;
‘I hope me indulging this little habit of mine doesn’t offend you John, it has proved to be a very taxing few days.’ The closer he looks at Mycroft the more he notices his usually perfect appearance is slightly off, nothing too ostentatious but he’s certainly not looking his normal pristine self,  to John it looks like a classic case of exhaustion but he imagines exhaustion is a default setting for men in Mycroft’s position.
“Mr. Lestrade, any information you have just received I’m going to need you not to share.”
PHOTOGRAPH.
Hello Dear Readers,
“I think I’m dating Mycroft,” Greg blurted out.
“That’s right clever girl. In the room the Knight saw the most beautiful man he had ever seen. He thought to himself that this man must be very special, and he was. He was a prince and the Knight was sad again because surely the Prince wouldn’t want to be friends with the Knight. But then the Prince looked at the Knight and he told him everything about himself. All of his secrets, the prince saw them and he winked.
John knew this. So when he woke up in bed and found the other side empty, sheets askew and window open to the storm raging outside he knew where Sherlock would be. He walked in to the living room and clicked on the soft yellow lamp nearest the door. The golden light was faint enough not the be blinding to his sleep weary eyes while providing enough illumination to show him a toy free path to his and Sherlock's desks.
The ringing in his ears dulled to allow the noise of his agent’s to penetrate his consciousness. Mycroft looked down to where he was still being restrained by David. The smears of blood that decorated his battered knuckles darkened as the blood dried. He had lost control. All it had taken was the image of his niece, traumatised by monsters like the man in front of him, and he had snapped. This was a weakness he shouldn’t have exposed, one that he should have been aware of.
It was Christmas when he arrived, sitting gracefully in a woven basket lined with Holmes tartan. I remember my mother being furious and my father being silently accepting as I poured affection over my wonderful Red Setter puppy. He was everything to me John, I would sneak him into the school room with me and devote myself to teaching him tricks for hours on end.
‘My mother is a very singular human being John, very much like Sherlock you understand; she has been blessed with a high intellect, a mostly scientific brain and unfortunately the same severe lack of tact my brother often displayed. I say this not to put you on your guard you understand, my mother in no way means to be cruel, she just fails to see how her words can be understood in ways other than those she means to relay.’  The two men drain what is left in their glasses, Mycroft drawing the final mouthful of smoke from his cigarette before extinguishing it in the heavy set ashtray in the centre of the table, the crystal reminds him of the one Sherlock lifted from the palace.
‘Mr Holmes, please take a seat,’ Greg drew himself to standing taller, straighter than John had seen him since he'd arrived. The smile he wore was a small one but he could see through the man’s eyes just how honest it was. So here, maybe, was the answer, Greg wanted to make Mycroft happy and a new Holmes child might do that.God that poor girl, he returned his gaze to the picture.
Jim Moriarty stood centre stage walking toward the camera flanked on either side by two massive men, one of whom was Sebastian and the other some unknown goon. Both were clearly armed while their boss carried nothing. He carried nothing, John thought, because who in their right mind would dare take on Jim Moriarty.
I will find a way John. Believe me when I tell you I will not stop fighting no matter how impossible the target.
Her eyes widen when he presets her with the antique, it was a Holmes heirloom passed down through generations, she moves it in the light seemingly fascinated by the changing gleam of the metal,
‘Yes, now, let’s go’
In total opening the pushchair had taken twenty five minutes, four attempts, one cut finger and some quietly muttered expletives but eventually John had been able to release Mrs Hudson from the chair where she’d been holding Mina and having bundled her up in both coat, shoes, scarf, mittens and a hat they’d left the house. Turns out making your way through London with a pushchair is a nightmare. You’re relegated to buses because no one thinks taking a pushchair on the underground is clever, you’re forced to have people move so you can navigate an awkwardly shaped piece of apparatus around with you and then there’s the constant worry about literally running into someone. The pushchair itself was nice, on the outside it was a plain black and silver but when Mina laid back or was covered by the rain guard the inner material was covered in depictions of star constellations, it was incredibly detailed to the point where John got distracted himself. The description said that in the dark the star shapes would reflect the light and appear to glow, potentially overkill for a child’s pushchair but John thought you had to love the ingenuity.
“Sherlock?” John moans as he can feels his own erection rub against the cotton of his boxers every time Sherlock rocks against him and pushes him forward onto his toes.  John slaps a palm against the wood of the door making the knocker shake and starts to push back against Sherlock.
“So, John, do you not think she’s been through enough? Do you not think that being hounded by the press for however long it lasts is going to have an effect on her, not to mention the somewhat bigger targets you will be painting on yourselves?”
If he felt a modicum of guilt for how far things had gone with Mycroft they were quickly smothered by his wife’s bedraggled appearance. She wasn’t even bothering to hide the wadded up underwear in her coat pocket and honestly Greg’s tolerance had come to an end.
‘Sir, Greg, I think there’s a chance you’ve misunderstood me, I don’t want to date Sally.’
‘Mycroft I think you’re panicking, we will be going out tomorrow because frankly your niece needs things and I want to spoil her but we don’t need an escort and she doesn’t need security. I won’t be letting her out of my sight.’
“Moran you mean?” Mycroft asked, curious.
‘What about your father, if your mother is like Sherlock is your father like you?’ When Mycroft fails to answer immediately John turns to face him once more, his attention had been caught by the beautifully manicured flower beds that covered the right side of Mycroft garden, he’d been picturing Mina getting lost in the high blooms while he chased her, he wondered not for the first time this evening when he had become so comfortable with Mycroft that the idea of spending social time with him here seemed normal and if not guaranteed than at least something to seek out.
Oh! And yeah, I sort of turn 30 in two more days. Wtf???
He didn’t make it to his desk before he’d ripped open the packet to scan its contents.
John thought of his mother again, and of the question that raced in his head the way it had done since he was a child:
weaponry and a suit?
took like, an entire day just to make sure I could connect those exact dots and use it logically. I've been sitting on that for what, like twenty million chapters? SO GOOD TO FINALLY EXPLAIN MY BRILLIANCE, lol.
Just then Molly steps out, sees the entire assembly, and just walks back into the house--obviously this is too much for her delicate sensibilities.
Sherlock swallowed, pausing a moment to slide that cock along the seam of his lips. When Lestrade groaned, he began: with lips and tongue he teased the head of Lestrade’s cock, drawing on everything he’d only learned minutes before while snogging in the kitchen. The slick warmth, the indrawn breath and the scent of him had Sherlock working him with more and more enthusiasm, until his hips jerked once. Sherlock caught Lestrade’s thigh, steadying himself, and felt the muscle there tight and hard.
And really, she was right. John had too many names in his list; he needed to prevent more.
“That’s the real reason I chose you, John.”
Another creak. And then again. The noise became a steady rhythm.
There in the afterglow, after they’d cleaned and rearranged themselves more comfortably, they curled into one another in comfortable silence. John breathed deep, the haphazardly-dried wildness of Sherlock’s curls tickling his nose. He let himself study Sherlock half-lidded in the gloaming of the dark hotel room, only the lights streaming in from Paris herself illuminating Sherlock’s pale skin.
# # # # #
“Sir,” Sherlock answered, neither a confirmation or denial of Jim’s assertion.
Oh, he was furious at Sherlock for risking himself this way. Incandescent. But there was
But then the door to Sherlock’s bedroom jerked open. From inside, Sherlock looked triumphant to have caught John red-handed.
“I will also teach you to hone your observational skills, your ability to recall even the most mundane information when it is needed. Are you good with languages, Holmes? Puzzles?”
“What is this?” Sherlock asked, flipping the card over. “What wishful--”
Watson. I swear on the de Fhirze name, upon Elua and all his Companions. Your
. I love it so much, and I think it's the most perfect way to end it.
Apollinare loosed a dark chuckle, pressing his hips--and now
“Take a seat. The wait hasn’t been too long, I hope?” Mr. Ames flashed Sherlock a polite smile as he wound around to his side of the desk, gesturing toward the chairs.
Of course John was a fool. He felt physically ill just remembering the cleanness, the absolution of waking that morning in Elua’s temple, twin anemones blossomed just for him. He'd been so, so wrong.
Sherlock spotted a bench nearby, dropped onto it, and made a face at the Cassiline, shooing him away. The Cassiline rolled his eyes and took a single step further away.
, or Jim
“Sherlock,” John murmured from the seat beside him, his voice only just audible over the noise of the jet’s engines.
celibacy. The way the cuts are oriented, any one of them would cause minimal damage as long as they were kept incredibly shallow.”
That memory came unbidden: his mother had hummed him this song, an old D'Angeline lullaby that called Elua's children home. But why had his subconscious led him here?
Sherlock sucked in a deep breath, eyelids fluttering. He could dissemble, but he was in Elua’s temple. Sister Molly was far smarter than he’d have given her credit for.
allow himself to be corrupted that way.
John pursed his lips and worked his jaw in thought. There was nothing to do but wait, an interminable sentence. Whatever John had done in a past life to deserve this--if he were to believe in that sort of thing-- he didn’t know.
“Why were you discharged?” Sherlock asked, lacing his fingers together and leaning forward. “What did you see?”
“In that case, I am honoured to have you ask for consent. I trust you.”
he told himself, thumbing through the menu and putting the phone to his ear.
And then Sherlock picked up a slow and steady rhythm.
“You don’t mean to suggest--”
The outline of Lestrade’s bulge against his thigh, hot and insistent, and Sherlock’s brain blanked utterly on logical processes. His vision swam red again, and then he saw it, all laid out perfectly like an origami flower unfolding in his mind: clear appreciation for age difference, experience difference.
If he--how would--
Dianne pulled back just enough to smile at her twin. “Just that there’s still more up my sleeve.” Then she leaned forward, dropped her voice for Sherlock only again. “I remember your
Adler was certainly off-limits, as was Mycroft’s home. The Kusheline temple? No, that was out--his arrival there would be only too easily observed.
John raised an eyebrow, not best pleased with that answer, but Sherlock was all-too-willing to ignore it. “All right. And if you win?”
, how did anyone concentrate like this?
“You trained with me,” John whispered. The wind whipped around him, slicing into the gaps in his clothing, finding the exposed skin at the back of his neck. “You left early on, though. They never explained why. You left Cassiel’s service to join Naamah’s?”
Once she left, he did watch John for the first little while: prostrate in his suit, unheeding the dirt on the knees or what surely had to be freezing earth against bare feet, icy marble against his fingers.
“Isn’t that one of the Night Court Houses?” Lestrade asked the same time John asked,”You’re saying the adept got killed this time?”
Sherlock’s eyes flashed open at that, his heart racing. From his position he could see--well over twenty flowers still in the heap. “Yes, madame.”
. This was John’s ward.
John tilted his head to the side, a sublime parody of consideration. “Hm, no. You’ll do that anyway.”
Of course he had--he was as observant as Irene and Sherlock himself, wasn’t he?
Sherlock sat up from his coffin-like position on the thin mattress he’d been provided.
“What good would knowing do?” Sherlock couldn’t fathom any advantage the information could offer.
So rather than the rush of lust he would typically expect, this moment now, entwined with Sherlock naked in a semi-public pond, he feels like he is home and he is whole in a way that he hasn’t felt in a long time; a circuit completed.
“Quick!”
After several hours of interrogation and conference with his superior, Brother Vincent, John and Sherlock were released. If it had gone any more smoothly, Sherlock would’ve suspected Mycroft was involved.
Sherlock settled back onto him and trailed kisses along his neck, his collarbone, until John writhed with it. He paused long enough to lick a firm swathe across John’s nipple, which surprised John enough he let out an emphatic noise. Sherlock’s eyes darted up, a silent check-in. John hummed a short note, an unspoken request for more. Sherlock obliged, licking and nibbling, his hand coming up to make sure the other one wasn’t left unattended.
and before Sherlock returned, heralding so many uncovered truths that did nothing but rip equilibrium from him once more, rob him yet again of a good thing he’d worked so hard to grasp.
? What if his parents hadn’t died, or he’d never entered The Brotherhood and redirected his anger? What if he
His choice of words, the indulgent tone of his voice, should have been a turnoff. The idea itself would have even the most seasoned Valerian House adept calling out their signale before the words had left his mouth.
It didn’t take long until the fire crackled conversationally and its heat began pushing back the bitter cold air in 221b. Sherlock watched from the kitchen as he busied himself making tea while John stood before the fireplace, palms outstretched to warm them as he admired his handiwork.
Jim snorted and stepped back. “Commands are for Captains and Cassilines, pet. If you want to please me, you’ll know what I want, and do it unasked.”
Sherlock felt his teeth click together, that was how quickly he snapped his mouth shut. Dealing with her was a lot like debating with Mycroft. And she wasn’t nearly as priggish about it. He decided right then that he definitely liked her.
Sherlock managed to catch the remaining guard in the knee, who went down with another arc of gunfire erupting from his semi-automatic. The walkie-talkies came to life, any remaining guards shouting questions in garbled, staticky Italian.
He couldn’t imagine Irene a mother, for all that she doted on him like a sadistic older sister. Neither could he imagine a heart-eyed Victor, begging for domesticity.
“A-the hairbrush, madame. A spanking.” Elua, the word alone made him feel like a child again, caught with the hose while attempting to make a moat around his garden shed. The blush burned hot under his skin.
It wasn’t until he drew near to Sherlock’s bedroom door that he heard it--a faint, rhythmic sound, a sigh, and John found himself rooted to the spot. A bitten off moan, the dull creak of bedsprings, and all that victory John had felt was incinerated by the fire in his blood. He couldn’t help but think of the voicemail from that afternoon.
Three more cars swept past, sluicing through the rainwater in the street as Victor stared at him thoughtfully. Just beyond them, John cleared his throat and pointedly did not look at them.
Okay, that gets you all caught up, I think. n.n
Sherlock growled, “What I need to do next requires
“I--” Sherlock stammered, recoiling.
Oh, but he didn’t. It felt too good.
Sherlock met Emile’s eyes again, unsure of what to say.
But once Sherlock had switched tracks, John could see him gearing up to zoom ahead: “Violator,” Sherlock murmured. “Suspect appears to be in his late thirties, and his slacks and shoes would indicate he was upper-class. The love note on his chest and the strip on his back definitely point us in the direction of a House-raised murderer, but it’s worth investigating further before we jump to that conclusion...” Sherlock trailed off, nearly as bloodless as the corpse.
Sherlock heard John’s yell not ten feet away, muddled like noise through deep water. He tried to slip his fingers into Neck Tattoo’s pocket to prise the knife free, use it to gain his freedom, but there was no room to maneuver.
Instead, Sherlock retreated into the recesses of his mind, unfolding various scenarios that might occur that night. What brand of scene did Victor intend to set? Could it be domination play, or did he have some sort of sex-dungeon in his cellar? Irene had offered him the assignation contract to peruse, which outlined the boundaries both parties held firm, accepted as a legally binding document should those boundaries be surpassed. But that didn’t detail the scenario Victor intended, merely Sherlock’s rules for the game. All Sherlock could know for certain was that all parties knew his
The man at the desk--
“Don’t you dare,” John growled. He crouched, battle-ready, gripping each dagger with deft assurance, angled to offer him the choice of punching with knuckles or slicing with steel. “Turn yourself in. And leave him out of it.”
When he woke hours later, the sun had not yet risen, and the shadowy curl of his patrons still enveloped him. But they stirred, blinking awake and smiling lazy smiles, intent upon him like a rare prize.
He stepped away from John, evading the contact, and pinched the bridge of his nose. It would do no one any good for him to go along daydreaming like a swooning D’Angeline schoolgirl.
“One, two, three.” With a flash the pin caught the light as she lowered it, jamming it squarely in the pad of his index finger.
She drew a wet-nap from the drawer, tore it open, and sterilised the pin and the pad of his forefinger. “You may watch, or you may close your eyes. I’ll count to three.”
“Gladly. What is the name?”
way of knowing--
The pause between his question and Mycroft's response was lengthy enough for Sherlock to have built a tower of his textbooks and turn them into target practice for his knife-throwing. By the time he'd ripped through a rather handsome rendering of
“The damages seem to be done by two people, in order to accomplish it so quickly. These two would be pre-teens or teenagers--old enough to get around without supervision and to feel estranged enough from their peers to be malicious.”
With that Jim, released his hair, shoving him to the side. Sherlock rocked, catching himself. He pushed to his feet, and the thickness of his blunder wedged immovably in his throat. He cast about, vision darting but unseeing, as he stumbled toward the door
Now here they were, feet pounding Peckham pavement, February air burning in their lungs. Marcus Smith dodged and weaved, only occasionally looking back before ducking into an alley or across a street.
guy--”
“Ah, pet, how are you enjoying your stay? Daddy’s heard you’ve made some new friends here.”
Awash in his memories, he wishes Sherlock had remembered the Macallan. He thinks about how different things were now, than the last time they’d come here. The worries he’d had that night were nothing to what he feels and thinks now. How could he have ever guessed this is where his life would lead?
"I'm sorry," John breathed. His eyes squeezed shut. "I didn't know. Now I do. Now I know how I feel."
speak. Instead he left John’s steaming mug on a free space atop the mantel before heading to his room to change into pyjamas and gather blankets.
Sherlock studied him, trying to find the right words to justify barging in on his time. As it was, Sherlock’s time was largely his own, even when he went to clients. How different must it be, to be assigned to a ward he couldn’t stand, in a house that defied every moral conviction in his body, on-call at his ward’s erratic whim?
With each step of his pre-assignation ritual, he meditated on the night to come.
By the time he reached Oxygen, Sherlock knew what he needed. There was no fighting the low build, want and need bubbling at his core. With a frustrated grunt he tossed his blankets back, took himself in hand.
Sherlock scrubbed his eyes with his free hand. Physical signs from the gods. What sort of chemicals
“It’s about my son,” his mother answered. Her gaze was straight ahead, her back straight and stiff.
Liliane smiled, nearly a grin. “Then you’d better take care of it. I’m far too old, and the Verreuil name dies with me. I have no sisters or brothers, or even cousins who carry the name. I will never marry, nor have children. Who better to keep the memory alive?”
It hadn’t taken long, had it, for that to be ripped away from him.
“You were saying something, and you just stopped.”
“Redbeard!” Sherlock sobbed, and the force of his orgasm destroyed equilibrium and his remaining strength, stole the breath from his lungs and the sound from his ears. He jerked and sagged on the chain, drained and limp.
John’s vision swims a bit, and he shakes his head. That’s definitely enough punch.
They were escorted up a back set of stairs along the service corridor. With John posted at the entrance, Sherlock slipped in through the servant’s entrance. Beyond the thin walls separating the back hallway from the front, public, half of the suite, Sherlock could hear a moderate thump of music, the din of fifteen or twenty voices mingling. He suppressed a frisson of excitement and went to change.
“We don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do, John. I have no expectations, no agenda.” The raw sincerity on Sherlock’s face was something John hadn’t seen since the night he’d heard Sherlock play the lullabye.
But then she'd trussed him up in a black web of shibari knots that bound his wrists to his biceps, constricted his trunk before traveling low enough to knot gently around his then-flaccid cock and trail back along the cleft of his arse to follow the line of his spine, rejoining the knots that bracketed his shoulders and wrists. Then, with a sadistic grin, Helen pushed him to his knees.
Sherlock rung off, handed the phone back to John.
Victor stepped closer, gripping Sherlock’s chin and tipping his head back roughly. “What?”
It was some mercy that Jim allowed Sherlock the comfort of his Belstaff as they exited Jim’s penthouse, though he didn’t offer to give Sherlock’s shoes back. As Jim led him toward the door, Sherlock glanced round quickly, praying not to be seen by John. Mercifully, John’s back faced the large window; he was already poised in meditation, musing on Elua’s mysteries for the Longest Night. If Sherlock’s gaze lingered on the Cassiline’s grey shoulders as he slipped through the penthouse doors, he told himself it was out of pity, the idea of sitting stone-still outside on the darkest, coldest night of the year, in nothing more than a Cassiline suit.
“Love as thou wilt,” John whispered.
“Your offering is acceptable, brother. Come forward, and accept the blessing of your appointment.”
As they traded words John sized them up. Their leader was the worst threat--he was twice Sherlock’s size and carried a knife. He’d have height, weight, and reach in his favor. John would need to take him out as quickly as possible. Next was the one with tattoos held himself like one who’d never properly fought before, who intended to use his size without relying on skill or intuition. The one who looked like a drug addicct had a sway in his gait--a scrapper, but not inclined to go in first if his two buddies could handle it. He was as likely to flee as to fight.
Even still. The next week would be an eternity.
The temptation was heady, but Sherlock held his ground.
John actually broke the silence first. “Where are we headed, anyhow?” he asked, his words still strained.
With that Jim retreated, whistling gaily as he exited the room.
the patch of floor nearest Sherlock.
Sherlock frowned at his phone, another train of thought derailing him.
Sherlock thought. But knowing a thing didn’t change its effectiveness.
When neither Mrs. Holmes nor Sherlock said anything for another long minute, Sister Roberts spoke again, this time directly to Sherlock. “Just because Kushiel has chosen you does not mean you need to live in fear of his calling. You will always be free to choose.”
“What is it, Sherlock?” John asked when he’d answered the door. His voice held the edge of wariness. “It’s midnight.”
John, possibly the most well-intentioned person Sherlock had ever met in his
And for the first time in three, four months, he craves the comfort of another body, warm and solid against his as they lay tangled in bed--soft and slightly floral. He misses the Mary he met, two lifetimes ago before--well, Before. From before
“His attendant” was the blonde woman from Cereus House, though something about her build suggested she’d trained elsewhere.
John’s lips curled into a rueful smile. “Wouldn’t be the first time you’ve kissed me now, would it?”
“I--”
“I’m going to skin you, pet. I’m going to flay every last bit of your skin from your gorgeous frame, and I’m going to treasure it for a very long, long time.”
Distantly he heard the rattle and clatter of… a train going by.
He was no better than Moriarty or any of the others, was he?
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Whether he was fated for damnation or exoneration, it lay at their feet.
“I--I will,” he answered, his voice thick in his throat.
OKAYSO Here are your warnings for this chapter:
“Hnn?” was the best he could do to ask.
He only had a week, at best.
John said nothing, merely turned to glare hatefully out the window again.
“An’ you, sugar?” Connie asked, turning to Sherlock.
Down in the
Something in his chest tightened. He’d begun this endeavor to weasel his way into Lestrade’s graces, in search of more cases. A year and a half later, he found himself a small delight among the glittering stars of the London Night Court, a sought-after prize. For the first time in his life, he felt profoundly distant from the gangly, smart-arsed boy who regularly got harassed in school, jumped in locker rooms and alleys. He was worth something now, worth his words and observations, worth his delight in pain and rebellion. He was allowed, encouraged to be those things that had marked him his whole life, and in its own way, that felt like freedom.
"It does matter Sherlock, I want to know because... because... I'm happy you found someone." I know he's lying somehow, I don't know why though.
Sherlock sighs and rolls his eyes.
"How about the time I spun you around while your eyes were closed to get you to remember the graffiti?"
He pulled the trigger.
I wanted to tell him so many things, I didn't even know half of what I was thinking of saying. So I just said it. I begged, pleaded until my voice was hoarse and I confessed so much I didn't know I wanted to say to him.
"I have to go now, it's time love. I'll see you later." I feel the pressure on my knee recede along with the warmth.
That was the last sentence John heard from Sherlock in his life.
"John, do calm down. It's difficult to deal with and talk to you when you're being irrational."
"Why in the hell are you doing these bloody experiments anyway, what useful information do you get out of it? Most of it is something we already know or it doesn't work at all. Hell, it's even more useless than that bloody cigar ash index of yours."
John nods after a moment and backs out of my hold to take off his shirt. What he reveals... it takes my breath away, the beautiful swirling emerald vines tracing over his torso, golden and violet petals blooming from ebony spots scattered over him. It was... fascinating. I couldn't help but stare for a few moments and reach out to touch him, laying my hand splayed across his chest as he did to me.
Awake.
I stole my brother's hotspot just to publish this, so I won't be able to respond to comments for awhile. My apologies for not publishing sooner, mostly because I don't have internet access.
"Yes John?"
"That was just to get close to me wasn't it?" The giggling subsides at that, they knew what message underlaid that. No use lying now, with what's happened. So I nod and John's face has a subtle light to it, or I'm just projecting.
"Everytime we talk about soulmates he gets snappish, but he looks sad and... tired. He says that soulmates are pointless but is irritated at people being with someone who isn't their soulmate. It's... confusing." I lean back and hold my head, still trying to wrap my head around our arguments that we've had about this "system" as he sometimes calls it, or "reoccurring phenomena".
‘Oh come on Tammy, you know why I can’t. Why are you making this awkward? I helped once, I don’t want people realising it’s about Sherlock, I don’t need the drama and you know I closed down my blog for a reason Tammy.’ He’d started to receive messages from the public of both support and anger from the public after Sherlock made the papers for the last time. He couldn’t risk that sort of reaction again, especially now he had Mina.
Mina doesn’t take her eyes off John and he doesn’t blink, the fear he’d never admitted to himself that he’d look into this child’s eyes and simply see Sherlock, that he’d be so muddled with his grief that he’d never be able to see her as an individual melts away as she opens her mouth. The smallest laugh comes out and John doesn't think he’s ever heard a sweeter sound.
‘The rest of us are forming the main forward team, we’re going straight through the front entrance. Remember yourselves guys, you’re in full gear for a reason, these perps will be armed, they won’t be firing warning shots so remember your training. Donovan we’ve likely got civilians in there, users and if intel is right we’re looking at some forced labour as well, you’re team is on extraction, get them out and get them out alive.’ Donovan who’s standing to his right nods her head, there’s a reason she’s in charge of extraction, she gets the job done and he trusts her to make the right decisions in the spur of the moment.
‘Sleep well dear friend.’ With that Mycroft hangs up and Greg decides to go home.
Smooches MJ X
Sure enough John hears the slap of expensive leather shoes on rain soaked paving slabs and closes his eyes to await the press of Sherlock’s body against his. Sherlock will mean it to be impersonal but John will bask in the forty five seconds of that moment of close contact. The press doesn’t come. Nothing does. The footsteps stop and John can feel Sherlock standing behind him, can hear him breathing, but the man doesn’t say or do anything to get them through the door and out of the London drizzle.
Mycroft remembered everything about that evening, remembered helping Sherlock into the bath, washing his hair, picking the larger sections of stuffing out in order to expedite the activity. He remembered Sherlock’s laughter when Mycroft taught him to make a bubble beard, how the nanny had returned just as he was washing the shampoo out of Sherlock’s hair. She had grabbed his arm, shouting about how irresponsible he was being, when she had pulled him Sherlock had slipped, leaning back as he had been, he lost balance, his head coming into contact with the porcelain bathtub before Mycroft could catch him. They had both cried then, the nanny screaming at Mycroft that it was his entire fault, he had hurt his brother. The moment his mother swept into the room he thought he was saved, the nanny started spluttering explanations, blaming Mycroft. His mother merely looked at him, her eyes still mostly empty. She had taken Sherlock out of the nanny’s arms and held him close while asking Mycroft to explain what had happened in as much detail as he could. At the time he had been reminded of the birds of prey his father had taken him to see when she had looked at him, he now knew she had been deducing him.
“Yes, do you know more Mycrofts?” Greg said, almost haughtily John thought.
“I’m sure I don’t mind them being here.”
“Three of them, yes, there was another but he was killed.”
“The Knight loved the Prince and the Prince loved the Knight. This was their big secret but it should never have been a secret because love is never ever a bad thing. But the Prince sent the Knight away to save one of their favourite people and the Knight, because he was brave now, because the Prince had made him better, he went to save the day, but the Prince had tricked him.
‘She doesn’t make a noise John,’ John had only experience one other occasion of Mycroft sounding this emotional, he remembered the older man leaning nearly double in the hospital waiting room while they’d waited to identify Sherlock, he’d kept expressing his guilt and his shame and John at the time had been in no position to comfort him. After what Sherlock had told him Mycroft had done, John blamed him too. No amount of logic and compassion could have changed that in that waiting room. But here, surrounded by the people he loved, he understood the tone more, Mycroft was looking at what was left of his brother and seeing something fragile and it terrified him, the terror was that he’d lose her as he’d lost Sherlock and John could only feel compassion for that because he shared in the feeling.
‘I’m sure this weekend will work well John, thank you.’ He moves to the kitchen to collect his jacket, his visits don’t tend to last long and John will be glad to be free to return to his day, the laundry, although now expertly organised, needs placing in relevant draws and he’d thought about trying to organise the toys in the living room into something resembling order.
Mycroft stood under the front portico and contemplated the night sky; he had spent large portions of the first eight years of his life doing just this; alongside his mother. They had spent their summers tracking constellations and the movements of different cloud types, he had never been a child prone to flights of fancy, unlike Sherlock, but he had loved the stars. It was one of the reasons why so many of his gifts to Mina involved astrological elements. It was one of the few memories from his childhood that he still cherished; he wanted to provide her with the same feelings of wonder.
Greg thought that might be the first time he’d ever heard Mycroft sound uncertain when making a proposal. He didn’t know how he really felt about the idea of staying in Mycroft’s home though. He’d just handed his wife divorce papers and the idea of then wrapping himself in the comfort of Mycroft’s presence, perhaps even arms, made him feel a little seedy.
You know I struggle with sentiment myself but I understand it to be a part of the human condition. I find myself in a state of bewilderment at a human who simply appears so divorced from positive feeling John. Perhaps this is why you have so often told me I am not in fact a high functioning sociopath, am I right in that John? Do you see my care for others, my love for them and my ability to feel something more than distaste? Did you see those things and immediately know that I myself am plagued by a life where sentiment has always played a part no matter how hard I fight against it.
“So?”
Mycroft looks pleased, John thinks he might have been preparing himself for more of a battle to get John to agree to a meeting but really he can’t see the harm in them having interactions with their granddaughter. It would be cruel to keep her away from them and John knows that if he feels at any point that it’s drifted to something he isn’t comfortable with he can leave with Mina and no one can stop him. Mycroft wouldn’t dare try when it comes to Mina, the legal adoption took place within a week and legally John has full custody of her.
“Is that what you’re after then?”
‘Let’s order the furniture first little one, get the boring stuff out of the way before we lose ourselves in a toy store. ‘His answer came in the form of a giggle but that was good enough for John. The wide aisles of the store had clearly been designed with a pushchair in mind, he quickly attracted a sales assistants eye and upon asking to be shown to certain sections was glad to find that his purchases would be delivered and assembled by their staff, he was able to handle a screwdriver but some of the pieces looked complicated enough that he would have had to call reinforcements and Mina hadn’t seemed that keen on Greg the night before.
‘My father is not like me no, nor is he like Sherlock.’ Mycroft tilts his empty glass so it catches the artificial glow coming from the solar powered garden lights lining the veranda’s wall behind him, ‘my father is something rare in our family, you see he is kind, very naturally kind, he is a warm and loving human being who is completely devoted to his family, always has been. He never failed to be nurturing for either of his sons, we were never put in a position to doubt his affection and high regard for us. He can be a quiet man, quite the opposite of my mother; he contemplates his sentiments and statements thoroughly before stating them, which means he sometimes appears aloof. Nothing could be further from the truth however,’
Once the laughter’s died down they’re left with ridiculous grins, the atmosphere is slightly more relaxed and John allows himself to sink back slightly into the sofa, it is ridiculously comfortable and no matter how much emotional upheaval they’ve been exposed too over the past several hours he is still a little drunk. Not too much mind, but enough that he’s able to feel properly comfortable in the presence of two men he finds intimidating for the most part.
‘Greg I’m going to leave now.’
TURKMENISTAN.
Sherlock's pacing the living room when he walks through the door. The place stinks of burnt toast and John doesn't consider the repercussions before placing the parcel on Sherlock's desk and rushing to open the windows.
"Come back to bed Love, you're nowhere else but right here with me." John promised.
“Mycroft knows. Mycroft knows because Sherlock killing himself never made sense. Bringing Moriarty down was in no way impossible was it? Disproving his lies.”
“Why don’t you tell me about Moriarty?”
Adieu for now, enjoy the calm before the storm.
“You mention your line of work, Mr Mitrović. Tell me, what are you doing in the United Kingdom?”
Code Zero.
Mycroft would have endeavoured to provide the man with a suitable escape from the engagement but he was a selfish man at heart and the idea of more time with the man was a gift he was unlikely to turn down.
The walk from the sofa to the kitchen had become an obstacle course of building blocks, cuddly toys and most noticeably an antique rocking horse Mycroft had bought the evening of Mina’s third day at 221b, ‘The creature’  as John liked to call it was hand carved with a softened leather saddle and hair which had seemed so real John had been forced to ask Mycroft if it was, the man had treated him to a Mycroft patented look of disdain (John couldn’t say he’d missed them) before reassuring him that the hair was made out of woven strands of fine silk, they’d been tied together at the back in a braid and Mycroft had taken great delight in telling Mina the exact bread and temperament of the horse it was modelled after. It transpired that both rocking horses and horse training were large parts of growing up a Holmes, John had wondered what Sherlock had thought of the, in John’s opinion, aristocratic tradition, when Mycroft had promised to buy Mina a horse when she was old enough John had felt the need to input that she’d only need a horse if she took up horse riding which was in no way a given, Mycroft had raised an eyebrow at this before being distracted by Mina’s babbling while she stroked the main of the horse. John had to admit she’d been taken with it, he’d found her today clinging the table so she could load her Ewok toy on the horses saddle without falling over.
As if sensing John's rapidly depleting patience Mycroft comes forwards, ‘Why don’t I show you upstairs Mr Jones, as Mina’s uncle I will be in some way responsible for her as well. It would do us well to talk.’ Mycroft has his ice man mask on but if John looks closely he could swear he can see anger. Ducking his head he wonders vaguely if the anger is directed at him, his rant was unplanned and he supposes his comments about Sherlock might have made the stoic gentleman angry. As the two leave the living room John reclaims his seat on the sofa, Mrs Hudson bustles out of the kitchen, where she swears John didn’t find her scrubbing the dining table mercilessly.
‘I’ll come to the hospital but one of my officers will drive me, Sally, Sally will drive me.’
‘Do you know the constellations Doctor Watson?’ John thinks back to Mina’s pushchair and the internal views of the night sky,
‘You’re Gay! Oh well I guess that makes sense then. No don’t go getting worried it doesn’t matter, I’m bisexual and you’re not the only gay member of the team. We don’t care who you fancy as long as you work hard.’ The man looks relieved and Greg wonders if maybe this conversation was because Danny was worried about the comments people made about the MET being homophobic, Greg knows it’s true in some departments but it would never be in his, his sexuality had never stopped him doing a job why would he think it would stop anyone else, ‘Look Danny I know it’s a bit awkward around some of the other blokes sometimes because the banters very heteronormative but you don’t need to fret, throw back comments about blokes and no one will bat an eye lid, you’re a good copper Danny, your sexuality doesn’t change a bit of the respect I have for you. You’re going to do great work and we’re going to help you. You don’t need to hide who you are.’
‘You know that nice police officer comes over quite often, I think his marriage is in trouble.’
‘Well a little shit all round,’ Lestrade said. There’s a deep sigh and what sounds suspiciously like a cigarette lighter clicking over the line, ‘it was Osborn and Summers by the way.’
“You best give me an address Mycroft. In case you weren’t keeping track I’m getting close to North Kensington.”
‘Radio check, Donovan you ready?’
‘Come inside John’ he left the doorway and moving back into the darkened corridor where D.I. Lestrade had been watching the battle of wills from a few steps up the staircase. The light crooning of a radio could be heard coming from the properties other occupant, one Mrs. Hudson, former client of Sherlock, former exotic dancer, former drug barons’ wife, she was always an interesting character, who overall filled the role of mother hen for all those she deemed worthy. Her love would be a valuable tool in the coming months and Mycroft would do what was necessary to keep her happy.
“I know some, sir.”
‘Good morning John, is there a reason you’re currently sat on the stairs holding your gun?’ John’s never doubted Mycroft had cameras in their home, he hopes beyond anything that they’re not in, what was once Sherlock’s and now, his bedroom,
“From the government?”
“Ah but to Moriarty he was and for that he deserved to be punished. We should all atone for our sins, Mycroft. Sherlock’s atonement was fitting really. His heart made him dull and so his heart proved to be the incentive; three bullets for three people, all dead unless Sherlock jumped. But not just any people. Oh no. Moriarty knew what Sherlock would die for. He would die for love. All heroes do.The three people Sherlock loved most. All of them would die. Unless he jumped. Three bullets, three killers and one way to stop them. He had no choice. He’s our tragic hero, you see?”
People on twitter wanted me to make a few things clear;
“I don’t want a rise out of you, Mr Holmes, I want you to listen to my story and I want you to listen to it my way. Just like your brother listened to his, he did listen so well sometimes, Mr Holmes. Moriarty was awfully complimentary when your brother played along.”
(Look see virtually no angst!)
Yours Sherlock.
COCAINE.
“So Francis just left. I like him but I have to say it would have been helpful if he’d told me where the damn wardrobe is. Is there a magic button somewhere that opens a secret door into Narnia?”
“Fix it, just bloody fix it Mycroft. Release the truth; I’m assuming you can prove it by now.”
‘Block in place, surroundings secure’
“I know Gregory; it very rarely is,” Mycroft said before turning to address Anthea. They stood close, whispering to each other, Mycroft handing over a series of note cards and Anthea nodding in seeming agreement at whatever they contained. John was quickly losing patience.
‘Well I was wondering if you and Missy here might like to join me for a trip to Kew. The newspaper says they’ve got a lovely Christmas trail on at the moment and I thought Mina might like to see the lights. I’d certainly love a trip; I haven’t been to The Gardens in so many years.’
Hello to any newbies *waves* you don't necessarily have to have read AoM to understand what is happening here but it's interesting to my mind to see the difference between Sherlock's activities and John's.
He berates the man for five minutes before stomping into the kitchen in a huff to make them both tea. He returns from the kitchen to find Sherlock turning the package over in his hands.
‘Well you’ve been under for three hours, nearly a record for you.’ John risks raising his middle finger to the man, the bark of laughter informs him he’s not crossed a line. They’re good friends, having already served four tours together, Sholto may be his commanding officer but he’s his friend as well, Brothers at arms.
‘Of course we’ll come with you Mrs. Hudson. Do you know how we get there? Do we need a car?’
T.W. Discussion of postnatal depression
Trust Mycroft John. It is important, he did not know about my...
Greg answered the phone, his voice tight with the gravely edge John had learned to expect after working a manic case.
He remembers his father’s face when he had been left with the scrawny new born and forced to watch his wife being loaded into an ambulance nevertheless they continued with life, Mycroft providing any aid he could at the age of seven, he would sit with his brother in the garden while their father worked in his greenhouse, telling him all he knew of clouds and the movements of the sun and moon; everything he could remember his mother telling him in their afternoons in the garden. Mycroft learned to feed and sooth him; he would sing French lullabies to him while he stayed stubbornly awake once their father had fallen asleep for the evening, normally slumped in the rocking chair the nursery had always carried.
“What the fuck is a slightly kinky hand job, mate?”
Pushing open the second door he comes to he finds himself once again staring at Mycroft Holmes' silhouette, the man turns towards him when the door squeaked at his entrance, there was a small smile on his face but it doesn't meet his eyes,
‘How are we this morning little Miss? You slept so well.’
‘Yes you do, this folder’ pointing to the latest she placed on the table, ‘this one contains suggestions about a schedule but you might find she has her own ideas about timings. Don’t look so panicked John, these folders have all the information you need for right now and I’ll be back tomorrow. If anything goes terribly wrong, here, this is my card and on the back I’ve written my mobile number. You call and I will talk you through whatever it is but you’re not going to need me. Follow the instructions and remember to breath.’ She smiled softly leaning forward to tap Mina on the nose, ‘be good little Miss’ turning the rooms other occupants John can only think to describe her expression as smug. ‘You two, help him when he needs it and most of all continue to distract him because this whole experience is going to go much more smoothly if he continues to laugh’ With a final smile at John and a flickering of her fingers at Mina Lisa left.
‘Dada’
Mycroft didn’t answer immediately, he leant his back against the cabinets in the kitchen while John boiled the kettle and drifted cleaning up the mess from lunch, he’d started trying her with different types of soup, some she loved and others got thrown on the table while his back was turned. He’d fought hard not to laugh when he’d turned around and seen her decorated with Mrs Hudson’s carrot and parsnip soup this afternoon but she’d managed to smear a large portion of it into her hair and the look of pure butter wouldn’t melt innocence on her face made it impossible to keep the giggles down.
‘Hey so is there anything else I can help you with, from your reaction I’m guessing these kind of represent you but what about this little one or your partner? Did you mention her father earlier? What does he like?’ It’s more awkward than he’d like it to be, he’s not sure how to explain Sherlock and he’s not comfortable going into the details of Mina’s adoption with a stranger no matter how wonderful her taste in products is,
“Mina, poppet, do you want any more of this doughnut?” Mrs Hudson offered the treat to Mina where she sat atop Greg’s shoulders.
That was the moment he’d thrown his first punch, he had missed connecting with his face because Mycroft had quicker reflexes than anyone would have imagined. He’d not seen him since and yet here he stood, witnessing John’s anger once again but this time not directed at him, directed instead at the wide eyed, silver haired police officer he’d once so admired.
‘I should go to the shop to make sure I have food and diapers, all the other stuff, god what about clothes I doubt she’s got any from the place she was before and I don’t think I’d want her in any of that anyway. She’s going to need so much stuff, I don’t have anything, I mean, I mean I honestly don’t have anything, Mrs Hudson is there even food in the fridge?’
‘Don’t worry we’re stopping somewhere more appropriate on the way back, you’ll see.’
John wakes with the ghost of a scream on his lips; it takes a minute for him to come back to his true surroundings, the decorations adorning the walls, sword, periodic table and the photographs; Mrs Hudson holding Mina by the living room window, Mina laughing at one of Tammy’s puppet shows, the crazy brunette hidden behind the sofa, Mina and himself curled into Sherlock’s chair in the living room reading The Princess Bride.
John ducked his head to watch Mina fighting to keep her eyes open.
‘What are they?’
‘Yeah, how’re you doing?’
His life had changed just before his eighth birthday when his brother was born, he had spent the eight months leading up to his arrival on tenterhooks, his excitement could not be contained in the school rooms of the tutors his family employed and he spent many afternoons sneaking in to see his mother, he would lay with his head in her lap as she conducted experiments or considered equations. She would pause often to explain her workings and run her fingers through his hair; even now in his early forties he finds comfort in the memories of her soft attentions.
“But you think you’re dating?”
‘Why would you want purple bees?’
She has invited me to her home tomorrow afternoon while her husband attends to business matters. I am hardly a master of seduction John; I have very little experience of the mechanics while sober.  Sex and cocaine went hand in hand for me for many years, my first and only experience of it while entirely sober occurred in university during my brief dalliance with the son of an ambassador; Victor Trevor, he was older and more experienced while I was unfortunately naive as to how these interactions should play out.
‘You have a child John?’ John looks back slightly dazed,
‘Definitely, I’ll bring the juice boxes!’ Greg yells exuberantly.
“You’ll forgive me my excitement. You see Moriarty was frustrated., Your brother, the Reichenbach hero, proved to be ordinary. He was dull, and to Moriarty that’s the biggest sin of all.”
Ensuring Mrs Hudson was seated comfortably he turned to Sherlock's brother, best just to ask the questions that had been causing him concern, ‘Mycroft do the Holmes family have any traditions when It comes to naming children, I only ask because both you and your brother have such distinctive names, I would hate to step on anyone’s toes with my choice.’
‘Damn it Hannah, assistance on route.’  Franklin and Devin had been partners for five years before they both made Sergeant, they still worked together whenever possible but they both had teams of their own now.
“A job?”
“He always had the worst timing,” John said, remembering his last date with Sarah; they’d been kissing on her sofa, it had been going well and John was feeling confident the condom he’d slipped in his wallet had been anything but presumptive when his phone had started buzzing across the table. He’d pulled away initially, but not far and the second it stopped he had found it easy enough to drop back into his kissing mind set, but after the forth buzz his curiosity had won out. What followed was ten minutes of back and forth texting. Sarah removing their glasses of wine without him realising, and when he finally did look up he found her smiling sadly holding his jacket for him. He took that as a hint but also knew that if he left then he wouldn’t get another chance with her. He still didn’t regret leaving. Sarah was a wonderful woman but they hadn’t been right for each other and he shouldn’t have been trying to fool himself.
‘You should probably call me John, I mean I know you as Lisa, it seems like an odd power relationship to be referred to by my title by someone who knows more about my baby then I do.’ He realises she’s moved then, he’s not taken his eyes off the baby who in turn hasn’t stopped staring at him, it feels a bit like living in a bubble, but he recognises movement out of the corner of his vision and wonders if he’s being rude by not looking up.
“She deserves better than we can ever give her,” he said to the room at large.
‘Good morning Mrs. Hudson, you don’t have to knock you know, or even make the knocking noise.’
“No, it’s alright. His name is David and we’ve had a tail on him since he exited his car near Baker Street.”
“It’s on route Cap but…” John looks up in time to see the bullet hit Abdul in the neck. The wound is a mess; he can see that right off. They’d worked together for months. John had been teaching him English. Abdul had been teaching him to cook and now he’s lying there breathing out and John can’t help him because in their current situation Abdul is dead and he knows it, but the unknown soldier beneath him is breathing, be it shallowly, and John might still have a chance to save him, to save someone but the bullets are starting up again and John is forced to cover the dying soldier’s body with his own., His face is close enough now that he can see the man’s eyes and they’re glassy. The bastard’s bleeding out too fast and there’s nothing John can do. They’re under fire, there’s no let up and people are dropping all around him. They need cover. They need to get out of these bullets.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think we all feel like that mate.”
“Honestly, Greg, it was right in the middle of Moriarty and the day Mycroft told me was the day you came to get Sherlock on that kidnapping case, and we all know how well that went.”  Greg’s cringe made it clear that he did remember entirely; the investigation, the warrant, the attempted arrest, John’s attack on the Chief Superintendent.
‘Just some food so John doesn’t have to worry so much,’ she moves to pick up the baby monitor, ‘She’s been crying more recently, I catch John sometimes fast asleep on the sofa while she’s playing, I don’t think it’s easy with them both having nightmares.’  Mycroft considers this, he hadn’t thought about the impact this situation would be having on John’s mental health, with a history of PTSD heightened levels of stress could have a detrimental effect on everyday life. He’s not noticed a tremor in his hand but that first day they had re-entered 221b John had been walking with a slight limp. It had not been overtly noticeable but it had been present enough for Mycroft to pick up on it.
‘Yes Sir’
“John, what are you talking about?” Greg asked.
‘John dear, is that you? I can’t hear much over this phone.’ Mrs Hudson is yelling slightly on the other end,
The front door is protected from the elements by a small portico, between the white pillars at the front and the solid dark wood door are two low walls, they provide a border between the flowerbeds lining the front façade of the house and the entry. Mycroft sinks onto one of the walls, his arms supported by his knees while his hands cup his face. John doesn’t want to pry, no matter his relationship with Sherlock or his now seeming relation to Holmes family he does not know Mycroft well enough to know if he would accept any comfort through his distress. He decides to act halfway between his instinct to provide care and his respect for the man’s personal space. He sits on the opposite piece of wall so he’s facing Mycroft but he makes no move to instigate further conversation, if the man asks him to leave he will but on the off chance he wants company John is inclined to stay.  They stay silent for a long time, at some point Mycroft moves his hands so they no longer cover his face, he clasps them together instead but seems unwilling to make eye contact.  After a break of ten minutes Mycroft speaks again;
I was wrong. My deductions were wrong. I think I might be...
“Doctor Watson, that isn’t going to happen,”
“He seems happy Mrs Hudson.”
Sherlock
‘Easy, easy, we need to get that breathing under control,’ the liquid returns but this time presented  in a tin beaker rather than a single stream of liquid, the lip of the receptacle balances on his chapped bottom lip as it tips slightly, the fresh taste of water clearing his throat slightly of its sand paper feel, he tries his best not to suck it all down in one, he knows from his training it should be small sips initially, he looks around the tent to try and get his bearings, the material is a thick canvas, the light entering through the flaps in the ceiling serving as skylights,  he finally turns to his right, the smiling eyes of his superior officer welcoming him back to consciousness,
She looked different John, is she? Not your usual type. Is that a good thing? You never did like those women John, the ones you say I drove away. But this one; elegance, intelligence, wit and undeniable beauty. Is she your dream John? Is she perfect to you? Does she treat you like a god and give you comfort with her body?
Thank you so much to everyone who's followed along from the beginning or come to this near the end, you've made this a wonderful experience by way of Kudos, Subscriptions, Comments and Bookmarks and I cherish every one.
‘Well we’re doing the Wind in the Willows for the youngsters but I had a request for our Young Adults afternoon,’ John froze on his way to the kitchen, he’d been in the process of clearing the empty plates from the living room but this caught his full attention, he turned on the heels of his feet to face the sheepish looking woman by the sofa, he started shaking her head about to remind her he’d already said no to her crazy scheme when she dropped to the floor on her knees, he panicked slightly wondering for a few seconds what the cause of her collapse was before realising she’d clasped her hands together and was using her best ‘kicked puppy’ look to guilt him into it. He shook his head harshly before turning back to the kitchen,
‘What!?’ she sounds panicked by this and Greg wonders if he should be, he remembers the woman, remembers something about her eyes making him trust her.
“Like hell, John needs to know…”
“Did you get anything out of him?”
‘Why did you test…’ his question is soft but Greg had been anticipating it.
“Good bit Dada.”
‘Alright, let’s do a last arms check and then get moved out.’ The team dutifully check their guns and ammunition. Then they move out, the journey to the front of the building feels like it takes an age, moving in near complete darkness is not a fun undertaking but it’s a necessity.
“Because if we do this, tell the world, we’d be exposing you and Mina.”
He had found him on CCTV then, watching closely as he stalked towards Mr. Red with his gun drawn, he had been screaming for Anthea to dispatch security teams before any member of the police team in the area had noticed Gregory’s approach. He could keep him out of jail but he doubted he would be able to save his job and Gregory loved his job.
MORPHINE
OH and a final thing! This chapter has an interesting formatting choice. I couldn't decide on the best way to write out text messages so i've gone with indenting but if you, dear reader, think it looks messy I'm happy to reconsider.
Chance of survival less than 10%.
He thinks it is highly likely he will throw up all over Sherlock’s wonderfully tight ivy green shirt if the man continued his attempts to drag him to his feet. Something about the jolting movements and the flush of arousal coursing through John’s system with Sherlock pressing up against him in the manner he was mad John’s stomach feel akin to a washing machine on spin cycle.
"John? What do you wish for?"
John felt himself freeze, there was no denying it and he saw Mrs Hudson’s look of shocked joy, Tammy jumping up and down grinning madly but all John could focus on was his little girl. He felt tears start to form in his eyes as he rushed forward, pulling her free of Mrs Hudson’s arms he covered her head and face in little kisses before stopping to cry lightly into her curls. He’d been suppressing his worry for the whole time she’d been with him, worried she’d never want to talk and he might never be able to understand her.  He started to take more notice of his surroundings again, he pulled his head up to grin down at his daughter, clearly unaware of the momentous occasion she’d just been central to creating Mina was stretching to reach the bumble bee ring he is holding in his hand. Using the hand to wipe his eyes he hands over the toy, she proceeds to chew it with glee and John’s not sure if the glee in his laugh is from her current action or the incredible step she’s just taken.
I played you music though. When your sister and her alcoholism, which reminds you so strongly of your mother and your childhood, would have brought you to tears on Christmas day. I liked to do that for you John; when you had nightmares, a terrible date, when you were frustrated with me for a case or lack of, when the clinic work you undertook was so dull you felt like throwing something, when I hadn't eaten for days and you were worried. I played for you John, I always played well for you.
John grinned in response bobbing his head in a nod.
‘Understood, the team needs to debrief but we need forensics, eta?’
One may wonder why Mycroft Holmes had never considered this eventuality, well in all honesty because his brother was gay. He had always been gay. He had always excelled at keeping secrets, but this was never one Sherlock had needed too, with the added experience of performing on stage his brother had adopted the moniker;
Met in university, wife wants children and is unaware the husband made that impossible last year after his mistress of the time for pregnant with her second child. Secret vasectomy. riveting I know.
“But you know what’s happening?”
John took the new photograph Mycroft held out and felt his throat close up. The image contained the same unsmiling face of Sebastian, wearing sun glasses this time and a finely cut suit. The dark colour framed his shoulders perfectly, drawing the eye to his thick tattooed neck and the muscles that bulged from within the sleeves. But he wasn’t the focus of John’s attention. No his eyes was being drawn to the smaller man in the centre; the slim cut of his bespoke suit, the glittering shine of his aviator shades and the undeniable smirk of John’s worst nightmare.
Not to mention your leisurely wanks’ on the weekend. At least forty minutes of gratuitous touching on Saturday nights where you have no date to hold your attention or attempt to woo.
“I assume…” Mycroft started but Anthea raised her hand to stop him before he began on this occasion.
‘There’s no way you’re going to be allowed to be fussy little one, your Dad was when I knew him but I still managed to get him to eat some and Mrs Hudson was even better at it most of the time. I suppose you are too young to like Indian food though so we’ll have to settle for this special formula lovely Lisa’s bought, what do you think?’
“Francis, can you tell us anything about what’s happening?” Mrs. Hudson asked.
“Wow, hold up, I don’t need a view into your depraved sexual fantasies thanks. I have enough of my own.”
“Given that none of us are dead it’s safe to assume there was more to it than that,” Greg said, seemingly unaffected by the idea of international criminals focusing on him. “Some sort of trigger that would make them act?”
Mycroft leant back. They’d been so close in that moment that Mycroft had been able to smell the halitosis lingering on his breath. “I’m going to tell you a story, Mr Holmes., Part of this story you know but part of it, oh, part of it is a mystery, Mr Holmes.”
“You’re confident in this even though you have never been on a date.”
‘Why?’
‘What about therapy? Do the doctors not want to involve a psychologist? Someone who specialises in trauma,’ Mycroft chooses to interrupt her here, his mother is clearly on the verge of panic and he can see this conversation continuing all evening. The truth was Mina’s treatment is well covered, the very best doctors in the country would be providing her with every care she needed for the rest of her life; he and John have already discussed this is great detail. He offered  his parents all the details he could remember in one short speech, John nodded along with the details, details pertaining to the reputation of the doctors and facilities, but he still maintained a light hold his mother’s hands, the doctor was a very physical man Mycroft had noted, he was forever hugging both Mina and Mrs Hudson, perhaps it was a matter of training or personal preference.
‘So he was contrary even as a child?’ he receives nods from both men in response,
‘Sally I’m fine, I have no idea where I am though.’
Mycroft rose from his chair to ask a hovering member of staff to remove the remnants of their coffee, none of them had touched their deserts and although he dearly wanted to, he thought the reaction may be being caused by emotional distress rather than any great hunger. Chocolate had always formed a large portion of his comfort food routine, being surrounded by such high levels of emotional distress tended to warrant such behaviour reasserting itself but he refused to fall back on all of his bad habits in one evening.
Mycroft stood stiffly beside her. They had arranged for a safe house for the women but they had judged the children to be safe if they kept them together in the city. Clearly they had been mistaken.
“He said he was married to his work; maybe he just saw no point in dating. It’s not for everyone.”
“No sir, right now you are four civilians under the protection of the British Government. This has been judged as a necessary precaution by Mycroft Holmes.”
“We’re already arranging for them to be moved and unfortunately separated. We’re going to have to watch them more closely to ensure they’re not communicating with the members of Mitrović’s team still on the ground. Also worth noting I’m going to kick Seaman’s ass for smoking while on a job.”
Their outing appeared to have a constant shadow in the presence of a lone photographer trailing their progress across the garden’s exterior areas. Once they moved themselves into the Orchid exhibit and the extensive conservatories the security team loosened somewhat. They moved closer to Greg, John, Mina and Mrs Hudson, finally allowed Mina the freedom to stretch her legs. She took off like a shot with John and two bodyguards watching her every move.
“Is he after John?”
MORAN.
He doesn’t mention the kids to the room at large, she’ll brief her team on route but children being present will distract the majority, it’s a call he’s made based on the past two raids they’ve done. Good coppers are facing disciplinary action over their overzealous defence of child victims in raids, he needs them on their best for this and he knows Donovan will have it covered as well. ‘We’re taking paramedics with us and we’ve got the closest hospital on standby. We make our move when the floodlights are triggered. You know the drill people, no one be stupid, no one try and be a hero, we’ve got a responsibility to everyone of us and the civilians so let's keep this as clean as possible.’ He looks around at his team, they’re all ready to go, they were ready to go before briefing, they’ve been working and casing this group for a week, Intel has been clear about what to expect but it all got speeded up when they found out about the children the perpetrators were holding in the warehouse.
Not only that but he’d seen how it had made Mycroft relax, the man’s smiles had come quicker, his laughter had been louder and there had been occasions where their lunches or meetings would hold no mention of the detective or his blogger. Those had been Greg’s favourites, special to him because they made him believe he and the Politian could be friends, his gentle flirting and Mycroft’s steady wit had made him believe than perhaps they could possibly have been even more, if it hadn’t been for his marriage and Mycroft’s job. They never discussed the younger mans love life but Greg had chosen to believe it was nonexistent, how could it be if he was always drifting off to solve the world’s problems.
Deciding he’d have to keep the disguises, they were good fun and mostly positive memories; the elderly lady mistaking Sherlock for a stripper while he was dressed as a fireman being a personal favourite,  he turns instead to the pile of photos and the three photo albums. He scoops the loose pieces back into the box but desides to check the albums, perhaps someone would want them; Inside he finds a chronicle of the life of Sherlock Holmes.Starting at school age the young man scowling at the camera ages quickly, half of one of the albums consists of Sherlock in Halloween costumes, the more memorable seem to occur at university, he watches his style evolve from boarding school uniforms to jeans so tight John thinks he must have found bending over difficult.  There’s a sequence of pictures with a young man with blonde hair, Sherlock scowling at the camera as the blonde nuzzles his neck or bites his ear, John feels irrational jealousy and for once doesn’t try to stop it. He’s chosen to never analyse these moments because what would it change, Sherlock had always seemed detached from sex and relationships, but the proof that once Sherlock had been more open hurt John more deeply than he would have expected.
‘No, no’ Mina threw a square of her toast off her highchair tray and watched it fall to the floor with a slightly manic grin for so early in the morning. John could only hope such actions weren’t an early manifestation of predisposition to experimentation, the application of physics principles at a young age, no better to hope his daughter simply wanted to make a mess. ‘No Dada’.
“Work of some kind; pretty much ruling the world.”
HEROIN.
Lestrade stopped part way through taking a sip of tea, Mrs Hudson had bustled downstairs proclaiming a need for tea and cleaning equipment;
I am sitting in a stolen car a mile away from the place this man I must execute calls home and all I can do is hope that my actions do not change me into someone unrecognizable. I have already changed so much John. I do not believe you would recognize me even if I stood next to you in a crowded restaurant; my hair is fairer now, I have grown a beard as is the custom in many parts of the world I have been forced to inhabit and I have lost what little weight you managed to coax onto my frame with your months of pestering.
“Well we haven’t ruled out the Americans or the Russians yet; although my equivalent in the United States, although interested, seemed uninformed.  Helena has been investigating Moran for years and came close to capturing him when Moriarty set up base in London. I imagine I’ll be working closely with her for a while.”
‘It will be easier to show you but for that we will need to be upstairs,’ the door behind them creaked open ‘Good afternoon Mrs Hudson’
The door’s opened by another tall brunette, she’s just as young and elegantly dressed as Anthea but there’s something slightly more approachable about her, perhaps it’s her open smile or the fact she welcomes him by use of his first name rather than title, but whatever it is about her she makes him feel slightly less out of sorts. Her smile is genial as she takes his coat, Anthea’s drifted off somewhere down the corridor to the right and John’s hoping that means he wasn’t supposed to follow her,
He doesn't find the small wrapped gift in his bedside table for four months. Not until Sherlock has returned in a blaze of glory and only when he's furious and determined to rid himself of the blasted bee, book and squares of printed cotton does he find the four beautifully crafted paper flowers placed lovingly in a carved wooden box that smells of cherry blossoms.
“So you didn't love me even then? Did you ever love me?”
“I demand you tell me who you are!” Sherlock answered.
John loaded his gun, slipped the weapon and spare rounds in Sherlock's pockets. They would go to check for any more guns and ammunition on their way to wherever, but till then, he wanted Sherlock at a safe distance, if needed and possible, so he equipped himself with their two large kitchen knives. It was a dangerous move for himself, sure, but at least he had once been trained for direct combat and he trusted himself with that more than Sherlock.
of experience, in both relationships and any type of intimacy. Sherlock had over thirty years of distancing himself from such things.
“But you aren't telling me off.” John waited through the necessary pause. “I'm not completely stupid, not even to your expectations. And I've learned... And you're not alone in this.”
“I have already married the ocean, how different can it be?”
“Neither are humans and yet they choose to marry each other.”
The blond shook his head. “No. And I hope I never will accidentally. Such a long life.. People think it's fun, but the truth is, the older you get, the more sad and depressing life gets. I've lived through generations and, what can I say, people never learn.. You're the most excitement I've had in a hundred years.” he acknowledged, giving a tiny smile.
“But that jacket covers my costume!” complained Hamish, looking up at Sherlock from where his short frame stopped, too long sleeves sewn up to the right length by Mrs Hudson.
Even with three people in the house, it seemed lonely, silent and cold. Mycroft had left the day he had come by to get to their parents and they hadn't heard of him since. He had ensured them to inform them as soon as he arrived, to see if it maybe even was safer in a smaller area like where they were living. Three days later and no word. He could be dead, for all they knew.
A long moment passed in which they looked at each other with mixed emotions. “Wow, er..” John broke the silence eventually. “That's awfully kind of you and I want to say 'no' immediately, but let us see where we go first, yeah? Just see how we develop, how we fit together and then we'll see if I need that sort of thing. I'm not generally fond of cheating, even in an open relationship. I might play the field a bit when I'm single, but when I'm committed, I'm loyal.”
On hindsight, John wished he had spent more time talking to her, even before all this had started. He should have listened to her stories, as uncomfortable as they made him feel sometimes; as little as he wanted to know about all that stuff.
Sherlock wanted to answer, but he wasn't sure what answer would convince John without being a blatant lie. John spoke again before he could reply. “Sherlock, it looked quite bad. It might need stitches. Do you want another doctor to take a look at it, should we go to the hospital?”
“So this is it, then?” Mary asked, her eyes wet. She was refusing to go all the way and cry now, though. She looked like she'd done that a lot recently.
John startled him when he laid a hand on Sherlock's knee. He hadn't even heard him enter. Looking the blond man up and down, Sherlock knew John did want to talk. “Well?” he said expectantly.
“Are you alright?” The question as well as the quiet tone it was asked in shouldn’t have been enough to make Greg smile but none the less he felt the corners of his lips twitch. He had on the line one of the most powerful, most handsome, most amazing men he had ever met, who was concerned with Greg’s welfare.
‘And what about the parents, I’ve forgotten their names,’
‘Sure thanks’, he’d just turned towards the bedroom once more when he noticed Mrs Hudson on her hands and knees scrubbing the bathtub. Tears streaked her face and she was scrubbing with such ferocity John was sure the old bath would end up with dents. Moving to her side he said her name quietly, watching as the older woman exhaled deeply and turned to him. Her eyes were bloodshot but there was a faint smile upon her face.
“Yeah Mycroft, I’m alright. She’s kicking up a fuss but I’m not surprised. She’s just that sort.” Greg found himself picturing Mycroft’s pose; was he sat at his desk? Leant against it? Perhaps he stood looking over some highly manicured grounds. “Don’t suppose you know of any hotels in the area do you? Or somewhere close to work? I might just drive further in to the city.  You know, cut down on the commute“. Once again silence fell over their conversation; Greg took a left hand turn onto a ring road which would take him into the city. London at this time of night was no picnic but it also wasn’t hideous. Greg thought that he might consider cycling to work if he could find a place nearer the Yard.
Three hours, more spring rolls than could ever be considered sensible and an illogical fortune cookie later John was pretty certain moving from the sofa was impossible, Mina had continued to sleep soundly and John could only hope she’d make It through the night. He was exhausted, every bone in his body felt heavy and he had to fight to keep his eyes from closing. He turned his head to find Tammy curled up on her side with her face pressed into the sofa cushions, she smiled lightly reflecting John’s own tiered expression back at him,
‘John, look, I don’t know you, not really and I don’t know her,’ Lisa points to the baby who’s started pulling the fabric of John’s jumper before releasing it to pat his neck. He was worried she was trying to tell him something before he’d looked down and realised she was fascinated by the slightly raised knit of the jumpers design, he decided it was some form of game and left her to her repetition, he decided if he wanted out of his arms she’d wriggle or in some way attempt escape but before then he intended to cling to the warmth and reassuring weight he felt with her in his arms ‘But I’m just going to say this because I think you’re lovely and she deserves someone lovely. You can’t replace Sherlock with Mina, this baby, she may have part of him in her but she’s brand new, she’s not him and you shouldn’t want her to be.’ He’d known that was how he’d sounded but it was never how he’d felt;
‘Her name was Samantha and she was wonderful, she’ll be mourned by everyone who knew her and so many who didn’t. Yes she was too young to die, none of this is fair, we lost another officer as well and just because he was in his forties not twenties doesn’t mean there isn’t a family that will mourn his loss, it’s a terrible, terrible thing to have someone you care about, someone you’re responsible for die but none of this is your fault.’ He wants to comfort him, wants to physically reach out and touch him but they’re new to this, new to intimacy and this is such an odd way for anything to start, ‘it’s no one’s fault but the man who attacked her, I feel guilt because I was her commanding officer and I left the room trusting the clear was correct, I shouldn’t have taken that decision, even if I know that I could do it a hundred times over and still pick the same option, I feel guilt because when I was helping her and comforting her, I couldn’t stop the bleeding, but I know I followed the rules, I followed my training, I know I did everything I could do, logically, but that doesn’t mean that I don’t feel the guilt of not being able to save her, the guilt of losing someone under my command. You always feel that guilt.’
Donovan runs her hand under her eyes before straightening her spine,
Mycroft had been about to step back into the street and drag John Watson in by his ear. He was entirely at sea and the good Doctor needed to pull it together because in reality only one of them could stand to have a break down at this particular moment and Mycroft was resigning himself to being the owner of that descent into madness. This entire afternoon was a nightmare. A nightmare he had never been prepared for.  This was not one of the magnitudes of ways he had ever anticipated his brother messing up.  He had never once considered Sherlock impregnating some drug fueled woman and producing a child. Dear God a child, Mummy was going to have yet another fit of hysterics and his father was not going to thank him for that. A genius his mother may be but emotionally stable she was not.
“Not the first, no, she was taken from me by a nasty strain of syphilis. The second however, perhaps, I gave her a job, certainly.”
‘John, wait I want to give you one of these.’ She passes him a flyer, it’s been adorned with a rainbow and reads; White Rabbit’s Toddler Music Sessions! ‘They’re every first and third Saturday of the month, loads of people come along and we play the drums and sing and all sorts, please think about coming, I think you and Mina might really like it’ John can’t bring himself to say no and really it might be good to socialise with other parents, his support network right now consists of three people and none of them have child care experience,
CIGARETTES
FORCED CONSUMPTION OF GHB AND COCAINE.
They stand in silence for a little while, each smoking their cigarettes, Greg thinks Danny might be going slightly pale but he’s not certain, he thinks the chill must be reaching him when he notices the slight tremor in his hand,
The next time he caught the flash of a security camera he was holding Mina, he directed her gaze up and had her wave towards the camera, seemingly obscured as it was by a large tree. Before he turned away with Mina towards a highly amused looking John, he tapped two of his fingers against his lips and raised it towards the camera in the hopes of blowing a kiss while holding Mina safely against his other side.  He felt his phone buzz moments later.
“He was a very silly knight, you’re right but he thought the Prince was awfully smart so surely he would know the secret and the Knight wouldn’t have to. But the Prince was scared and the Knight didn’t know why. Then there came a Dragon and he was big and scary and the Knight was very scared. The Prince was very scared too but he hid it very well because he didn’t want the Knight to know. The Prince was very silly to, don’t you know, because the Knight could have helped him fight the Dragon but there was still their secret and it was big. The Prince knew what it was because he was very clever.
‘They’ll help you sleep Mr Lestrade, don’t worry you’re with friends here.’ She’s got a soft face and when she sinks to sit next to him on the bed and clasp his hand he can’t help but cling to it, it’s an anchor to comfort and he doesn’t want her to leave.
Mrs Hudson smiled slightly before moving back to loading the boxes into the fridge, there was noise coming from upstairs now, Mina had quietened but it seemed as if John was giving up on the premise of her taking a nap.
Sholto looks up from the chair he’s sitting in, his smile broad as John watches the skin on the left hand side of his face start to change, it rivets, bunches, discolours, scars, fire damage spreading so it touches from the corner of his eye to his jaw, John feels himself crying now, he’s shouting out trying to reach out to touch the brother he’d fought with, the ringing intensifies as the dream changes, his feet on solid ground, the surrounding buildings grey and tall, his face reflected back to him from the multitude of London windows, he sees the yellowing bricks of the building standing behind his reflection, the phone in his hand playing a different tune but blaring just as loud; he answers it,
Unlike last time there was no voice to follow but Greg let his feet carry him back towards where he was sure Mycroft’s office had been, the view from the window in the library had made him certain they were no longer in London and as well as finding Mycroft he wanted to know how long it would take him to get back to the office, having checked his phone he’d confirmed his teams wellbeing as well as noting the language his commanding officers had used in their emails. He wouldn’t be facing any disciplinary actions that much was clear and it appeared as if neither of his sergeants had reported the near miss involving him, his gun and a suspect. He felt the sharp pang of guilt and grief pierce his gut as he thought back to Samantha’s face, he’d tried to comfort her but he felt sure he could have done more for her, if only he’d not been shocked, he should have done more.
Mitrović wet his lips, his eyes alight with something Mycroft thought to be akin to mischief. The man was getting off on this, rubbing Mycroft’s face in his brother’s suicide.
“Don’t worry Gregory, I have you. Take a right at the next exit. I’m going to guide you.”
Sally’s in his face then, she’s got her hands clasped on either side of his head, there are tears in her eyes, she’s begging him;
NEED WATER
Did you imagine me John? Me on my knees begging for your cock? Pleading for it in my mouth, in my arse, hammering my prostate till I screamed, begging you to never stop, is that what you dreamed of John? I could have done that for you. I would have. I would have worshipped you John. Every inch of your body would have been my scripture and I would have devoted myself to it. To you.
Mycroft’s own objections to the idea that French scientists were in anyway more competitive than other European nations was met with loud exclamations in his Mother’s native tongue and his Father’s unsympathetic raised eyebrow, he should have known better than to insinuate the French in anyway lost out to another nation, in anything, even something as apparently villainous as patent stealing or the destruction of experiments, he’d had to offer his surrender in perfect French just to ensure her return to the shared tongue of the rest of table. John seemed to find the entire exchange overwhelmingly amusing, his quiet laughter a constant feature throughout his Mother’s tirade.
“So we’re spying on our allies.”
ATTEMPTED SEDUCTION OF MARRIED WOMAN. ABANDONED ONCE OBVIOUS WOMAN WAS INTOXICATED AND I WAS UNABLE TO MAINTAIN AN ERECTION. NOT JOHN. TOO SOON. TOO MANY HANDS AND EYES. I CAN NOT SLEEP.
“I deduced.” Sherlock answers and John tilts his head in acknowledgement and before sipping his tea.
Dear John
‘Oh those belonged to Sherlock, my old, I mean Mina’s dad. We lived here together when he was alive and he conducted science experiments. Those probably got put in there by Mrs Hudson; she tidies without even meaning to half the time. But it would be best to leave it there for now, Mycroft can probably remove it but I would hate to interrupt the sexual tension in my living room’
John could see it; the idea haunted his dreams. His own tearstained face asking for her to be returned, shots of Sherlock being shown alongside some smiling picture of Mina. It was his worst nightmare, worse than the war or watching Sherlock jump. Someone taking her from him and him being powerless to stop them; being taken unaware and drugged while Mina was torn out of the safe bubble of 221b, but something was missing from the image. He felt overwhelmingly sick but not panicked as he did in his dreams because he was stood in one of the most secure locations in the Kingdom and his daughter was sleeping safely surrounded by people, a whole house of people that would kill anyone who made a move against her.
I KILLED A MAN. IT WAS UNPLEASANT ALTHOUGH HE DESERVED TO DIE. I AM UNCERTAIN WHAT THIS MEANS FOR ME. I DID NOT ENJOY THE EXPERIENCE. CAN I DISSOLVE THIS NETWORK WHILE FEELING THIS WAY. I AM ATTEMPTING TO CUT OFF SAID EMOTIONAL REACTION BUT I EXPERIENCE DIFFICULTY CENTERING MY MIND WITHOUT EITHER COCAINE OR JOHN. I MISS LONDON. I EVEN MISS YOU.
She sulked rarely, still young enough to be distracted by John’s funny faces or voices, but he could already see the development of a Sherlockian attitude towards boredom developing and he was at a loss as to how to curtail it. He had never managed it with Sherlock, how he could be expected to with a younger Holmes was beyond him most days. He would just have to ensure his daughter had no access to spray paint. The smiley face still existed, as did the bullet holes, but John would rather not have more Holmesian artwork scrawled beside it. Not to say he wasn’t proud any time Mina applied herself creatively: already the fridge door was covered in scraps of paper adorned with scribbles and an ever increasing collection of glitter (thanks Auntie Tammy) that John had decided would be his concession. As long as Mina (and Tammy) kept her artwork on pieces of paper he would cover every available surface of 221 with them. Already Mrs Hudson had pinched her favourite pieces to grace her own kitchen. That was unlikely to stop, he thought. Perhaps Greg could use some artwork to cheer up his office; the entire of NSY was rather drab.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock frowns and opens the gift.
No word yet as to the identity of the officers or the success of the raid. The Metropolitan Police Force refused to comment on any speculation surrounding the incident.
‘This is D.I. Lestrade, he was helping P.C. Osborn and we think he’s in shock’ they start manoeuvring him towards the last ambulance but he shakes them off,
Thanks again and enjoy! MJ X
Instead of any of that he says
‘You know I’m pretty sure I told you to knock if you came over after seven’ Tammy silently raised her eyebrows at John before shaking the take out bag at him, he swiped at it while stifling a grin, Mina hadn’t woken up so he supposed he’d forgive his new friend her mistake.
Greg’s phone rang out while John perched on the desk in the living room. He could hear the gentle murmurings of Mrs. Hudson in the kitchen, most likely sneaking Mina something entirely inappropriate in place of the breakfast he’d made this morning. As long as she didn’t leave her with chocolate smears around her lips again, he’d pretend to ignore it. A little spoiling would most likely do the little one no harm.
‘Tammy what on earth are you doing?’ John could see her legs from the calf to her foot sticking out of a large pile of outfits, her legs shimmied as the exited the heap brandishing what looked to be a stuffed horses head on a stick.
The chapter is also a complete beast, lots of background for relevant characters and some brand new people to meet, I hope you all love Siger as much as I do. I've divided it into two parts and the second half will be up later this week, in the next few days hopefully. I'm including a link to a twitter i've set up for my writing at the bottom, if there's ever going to be a delay in me posting i'll mention it there. Feel free to come say hi :)
Sherlock chuckled his deep, dark chuckle and John did. He did drown. In the sound of it. He turned his head back to look up at the darkening sky. “We need to get dry and warm.”
Unsure, he leaned forward bit by awkward bit, asking for, but feeling insecure to initiate a kiss. Luckily, John understood and slowly crossed the now very short distance between them, just laying his lips against Sherlock's finding how much he already knew and how far he should take it. Sherlock didn't move, just closed his eyes and John didn't push him, just kept steady against him, making tiny movements every now and then to show the potential of a simple kiss, but leaving it there for now. After a while, he drew back, waiting for Sherlock to process and open his eyes. When he did, John smiled kindly at him, caressing his cheek lightly. “I'm tired, I'll go to bed. Shall I put the rest of your food in the fridge?”
Her question was fair, he had hardly moved at all today. He'd awoken to the sounds of Watson leaving for his practice and not been in the mood for activity. Besides having breakfast, the only real trips he had made were to the WC and to the armchair, which he was currently occupying still. Not even the cheek tone in her voice could rouse him to display any emotion other than utter boredom. “Quite so, Mrs Hudson. It is a very dull day, indeed.” He rolled his head along the back of the chair and thought ahead to the evening when his companion was to return after these God-many hours. “Oh, incidentally, Dr Watson and I were rather hoping to spend the night more intimately.”
“I know.” Sherlock said, and indeed he did. John had always been loyal until he felt Sherlock had betrayed him. Even then he had come back.
The whisper drowned in his ear as a long forgotten desire stirred awake inside of him. A feeble sigh escaped his throat and he felt blackness consume him. When next he opened his eyes, the thing on which he lay was not wood. It was hard and slick, uneven. A stone beach. The waves licked up at his side and he wondered how long their soft tones had guided him in his sleep.
“I will take your word for it.”
“Oh, what a ridiculous tradition!” Sherlock said, wrinkling his nose before realising. “Oh.. Well, it's just a tradition, it's not as if we
“Is there no other thing that could occupy your mind? Still your thirst for adventure? I know you are clever and you seek distraction.” Sherlock's eyes widened in surprise. John huffed. “I may not be a genius, but I am not stupid either.”
“Ah, no, sorry. I've Mary come over in an hour or so to discuss a couple things. You tell me all about it when you come back, though.” John replied sympathetically.
He moved back in, catching John's lips in a new kiss. One of his legs he hooked behind John's knee, pushing his ankles apart with his heel.
“Now, don't think I haven't noticed you put a bow in your hair! I am very much looking forward to opening my own present later.”
Sherlock and John leave Baker Street.
They sat and drank in silence for a while after. At some point, John must have fallen asleep because Sherlock shook him awake and told him to go to bed and that he'd be doing the same.
“Brilliant!” John remarked, the logic, as always, just falling into place easily.
“Please, Sherlock, I can't work like this.. At least lay down on the sofa?” John tried very hard to keep his irritation out of his voice and be gentle. Sherlock in return tried not to feel like he was pushing him.
And it could be wrathful and cruel.
John inclined his head, trying his best not to throttle the man for his arrogance. “Do I look to you like I am joking?”
Holmes smiled briefly, but genuinely. “You seemed interested in it, so I thought we might go Friday night?”
John could practically hear Sherlock roll his eyes along with the, mildly disgusted, sigh. There was some noise in the kitchen and when it stopped, the detective returned to the room with two plates of steaming lunch. Sherlock himself sat down in the chair by his small desk while John was urged to remain in bed. They ate in silence and John began to wonder.
Mycroft cursed, more a rueful acceptance than surprise. “We had considered that possibility.” A long pause, then, the silence a multitude of all the things neither brother could say to one another. “I have made arrangements for your arrival. Moriarty will have you under surveillence, I’m sure.”
He pushed back the still-present knee-jerk reaction from being so long trained to its avoidance:
He was not fool enough to hope that someday, at the end of his service, Jim might recognise him as an equal, rather than an adept to be humoured, to be taught. He was not stupid enough to entertain daydreams of to what future that recognition might lead.
Sherlock caught him in a headlock, though his body was angled so that the only points of contact were chest to shoulders, arm to neck. “Race you to the dock,” he grunted, and shifted his weight to pull backwards, swinging his legs forward to put the bottoms of his feet to John’s back. He released his hold as he pushed off of John to propel himself dockward. By the time John spun around in the water he was backstroking smugly across the pond.
OH MY GOD Y'ALL
“The heat’s not going to get very far,” John said absently. “I’m kipping down here. I’ll be able to keep it stoked, at any rate.”
They’ll certainly be separate come spring.
But just then they pass Lestrade’s house--and the large crowd amassed in the front garden.
“Thank you, sir.” Just like that, his throat was too tight again, constricting painfully around his words.
“Helen,” John called softly, scared to spook her. “Stop right there.”
His hands flew up to clasp Jim’s biceps to keep himself steady. But then his curiosity got the better of him and he pulled back.
“What in the world do you have--”
John huffed ruefully. “For the longest time, so did I.”
Sherlock fought the urge to scowl, her advice too vague and placating to suit him. Priesthood was certainly out of the question. He couldn’t imagine being a dry old scholar who counselled idiots, or even in Kushiel’s case, administered his punishment. Nor could Sherlock ever see himself going into Naamah’s service when he came of age. The idea of entertaining strangers with Naamah’s arts, of fucking some faceless patron, made his stomach turn.
With those thick, calloused fingers, Lestrade began to work him open. The intrusion was unpleasant, slightly painful at first, but that only sweetened his need, until soon Sherlock relaxed into it, thrilled and ashamed at the bizarre combination of sensations assailing him.
, who inspired mirth and laughter with their mere presence.
Even still, he whirled to turn on John.
Forgotten in the corner, the radio switched to a new song--
Sherlock turned to John. “If you’d give us a few moments? As much as I’d love it, I’m certain you’re not allowed to stab my brother at my request.”
Lorenzo pushed up and reached for the small cubby on the side wall, which was surprisingly intact. He tugged on a coat-hook and the entire cubby swung forward, revealing a cramped tunnel. The smell of damp earth and mildew billowed out to greet them, and even the warmth from John’s coat couldn’t dispel the icy fear that froze thicker inside Sherlock’s ribcage.
He thumbed his phone off and registered Emile’s confused, concerned expression, and shook his head to forestall any questions.
Sherlock’s spine went soft with want and he gripped the box tight lest he drop it. One little memento from each of his most important assignations save one. There was no note, but Sherlock got the message anyway: it was an acknowledgement of each of those assignments, and what they’d meant. It was an invitation to leave those patrons behind, to move forward. It was a gift from the only one who stood in his future now that he was a fully-fledged servant of Naamah.
It would’ve been easier to face, with John at his side.
“Did you not see the plaque?” Sherlock asked, but couldn’t keep the levity from his voice. Already, he was slipping back into a memory: the last time he’d been to Paris, as a boy.
“Sherlock, this is my very good colleague,
“Sherlock…” she drawled.
# # # # #
Wilkerson’s wife, a plain woman with thin brown hair and darker brown eyes, patted John on the shoulder to catch his attention and introduced herself. He hated the sympathetic look she offered him.
Jim Moriarty.
John sprung to his feet, sparing half a second to glance at Sherlock, who caught his eyes and grinned. Then the bastard lunged toward Smith and made a paltry attempt at trying to catch him from behind. Smith used that same sharp elbow to catch Sherlock in the stomach before turning, balling up his fist to connect with Sherlock’s mouth.
.” Sister Roberts pronounced the word with perfect French inflection, dropping the final consonant so that it sounded more like
Sherlock flicked his gaze to John, and the confusion hardened into something more resolute.
Whatever it was, Sherlock had no idea--he could only hope for something in the vague shape of brutal.
John ignored him and sat down on the bed.
“There’s something else here,” Sherlock noted. When Lestrade and John both looked to him, he explained. “This couldn’t have been a hit made by Vi--er, Mr. Trevor. He’s still in lockup.”
"Is she unskilled enough for you to find this funny, or is it that she's a woman?"
He took matters into his own hands before gathering his clothes. It didn’t take long.
the scene...”
“The ID on the body is Sebastian Wilkes,” Lestrade offered. “Investment banker from Shad Sanderson. We’re preparing the body to haul back to the morgue for an autopsy and dental record for confirmation.”
John’s been on him to quit since before they got together. What does it matter, if John’s just going away? What does it matter, if John’s so bloody preoccupied with getting this year “right” that he gets his knickers in a twist over something as stupid as a Halloween costume?
“This--this is bollocks,” John seethed, pacing the foyer of the boardroom, waiting for the elders to assemble.
“Not so fast,” Dianne crooned. “We have plenty of time.”
Irene clinked a spoon against the stem of her champagne flute as she stepped into the well-lit corner designated as her stage. The poise with which she held herself, the genuine appearance of her performance-smile (which Sherlock couldn’t help but recognise now that he knew her better) left Sherlock wondering what she would have been like as an actress, as an opera singer. But he quickly pushed the thought away, focusing on maintaining his submissive act just a little longer.
Sherlock looked around them for witnesses. “You would believe me.” he murmured lowly, even though there was nobody to hear him. “I was rescued, not by a boat, by a man. Mycroft, a man living in the ocean.”
“Around six hours from what I know.”
“You are quite welcome, Holmes.”
“One family-”
“It's for your blog, so you can take nice pictures and put them up there!”
John calmly looked up at Sherlock, even though his heart was racing right now. Sherlock just blinked back flatly at him for a good long while. “John, did you take any drugs?”the brunet asked, apparently entirely serious.
“I do seem to recall that name and also your account on the case, yes.” I remember it today like I did back then. A trivial affair, but with a number of interesting points that are best told in Watson's words.
“Okay, different game, please!” John moaned, though he sounded amused. “Is there any game you can play without being a smart-arse?”
Sherlock would have blushed had he understood the concept of embarrassment and not felt so safely embraced in John's presence.
“There's a lot of children living in patchwork families these days, Mary, and while I could imagine nicer things for my child to grow up with, this is just how we'll have to take it. I'd rather she grows up with content, loving parents, than with unhappy, stressed-out ones.”
Then, the next day: Boom! It was everywhere. Every news report was all about how the 'Hospital of the Dead' was abandoned by the entire staff and all the patients, walking, limping, stumbling like lifeless beings, overpowering the guarding police forces and running free around the city.
“I know. I wanted to.”
“Attacked?! Are you well?”
“Good. Lay down, get some rest. I'll be in the kitchen.”
“Hey..” John complained, grin on his face, shaking his head at the rudeness.
“Yes.” Sherlock answered and John gave him an inquiring look. “Probably.” he then said, turning away a little again. “I know it would be too much to ask every time you want to have any form of physical contact.”
Sherlock sat up to look at John. “What about the legends? Is this your call for my doom?”
“Yes.” Sherlock timidly answered the boy who had just ran up to him shouting excitedly.
“Are you sure?”
Maybe it was the stress. Maybe that was too much for her at her age.
Mycroft stepped closer and shook his hand, though more as a gentleman than as gesture of equality. “The mystery creature of my brother's little tale.”
hurt, though.” he warned, but Sherlock's face was unmoved. After a moment of uncertain staring, John moved his head forward, opened his mouth to give his fangs space to grow and, hesitantly, pierced the seemingly translucent skin on the inside of Sherlock's wrist. It was a good spot. Barely any puncturing was needed to get blood to flow out in little beads. The pain was minimal. John reluctantly licked at the punctured wounds. It was an awkward thing to do on his friend, but, simultaneously, it felt amazing. He hadn't tasted much blood in his life, always careful to stay healthy, but he remembered each one very clearly.
Sherlock didn't answer, though, just bit in his toast and continued to analyse a sample of a potato he'd found at their last crime scene.
Holmes retrieved and regarded his pocket watch to find that Watson would still be another two hours. Another sigh escaped him, this time not a luxurious savouring of the moment, but rather resignation to the cruel ways of the universe and its outrageous laziness regarding an increase in the speed of time's progression. He stretched his limbs to work out the little kinks, then resumed his position, hands steepled under his chin, and wandered back off into his memory palace, where minutes progressed at an alternative pace.
“The point is, Sherlock, that I know. That
Sherlock crossed his arms in front of his chest. “I don't see how that would be a betrayal to anyone. If anything, it's as you said: I could retrieve treasures to help pay for my mother's treatment.” He looked up at his brother, seeking his approval.
Another two weeks in he woke up in the middle of the night. For once, he saw Sherlock asleep. He reached up, dazed mind travelling his features, exploring the surface of a t-shirt clad body. He didn't know
Thanks to my dear Midonya for helping with the French :D It's not really my strong language ^^'
“He did that to protect others. You lied to protect yourself.”
With Sherlock, danger and death were like your clingy next door neighbours that were trying, desperately, to be your best friends. John had learned to welcome them with open arms.
Sherlock frowned at that. “I wasn't lying, John. Just because I am horrible to adults does not mean I am horrible to children. On the contrary, I find it a lot easier to sympathise with them.”
we drink human blood. The fresh blood is capable of transporting everything through our bodies until it's used up by them. That doesn't just count for the immune system illnesses, but any healing process. Broken bones, open wounds. It can all be healed, but nearly always requires fresh blood. That's why we can smell and hear it rushing through bodies, so we have a natural desire to drink it and heal ourselves. It's a rather stupid thing about us.”
Drama, baby, drama!
John rolled his eyes, but got up from the chair to let Sherlock sit down. “You know, there is a reason I'm not allowed to perform surgery any more, right?”
And Greg did. Sherlock was able to provide brown hair and Turkish roots from the first crime scene and the second revealed that he'd been to a known drug den just before he'd killed his second victim because of a shoe print, apparently. John didn't really get it and Sherlock didn't show any intention in explaining it to them any further.
“I figured you'd prefer something less visible, more private. I mean, something that doesn't distract from the important bits.” John smiled, hinting at the engagement and wedding ring that both sat on Sherlock's left ring finger.
“Oh, that sounds sensible!” The stranger answered. “Where do you live? I should guide you back – else saving you won't have had much reason!”
For once, he wasn't wondering what he'd be doing next year.
Sherlock tilted his head slightly. When had John even entered the flat?
“Just water, thanks.” she replied curtly, eyeing the flat around her. “So, how are you two getting along?”
Hope you enjoyed this little trip
John turned around, a shitface smirk on his lips. “Frankly, you hate any sort of social event. I, on the other hand enjoy them quite a bit and-”
“Lestrade texted me. He's got another case. Can't have you dying on the way there from a
John waved it off. “It's fine. Wouldn't expect anyone to think the common cold deadly in this day and age.”
conversations. “John, what are you doing.”
After they had eaten in the usual silence, John declared he'd take watch for the night. Sherlock needed to sleep, to catch up on many lost nights and they couldn't be sure this building would stay safe over night.
The night passed along quietly. So quietly in fact, that John got up and walked around a bit on their floor, looking out the windows just to make sure that the dead people were still roaming on the pavement outside. Some of them already showed minor signs of decay, others were still in top shape, like Mrs. Hudson had been. She hadn't been bitten or whatever, just died and then lived again. This could only mean, that they were all infected already – whatever the cause. Everyone. Him and Sherlock. They'd die one day and turn into one of these.
Sherlock hummed. “Mummy used to say that as well.”
There was a hot moment in which they stared at each other, interrupted by the sound of the front door opening and shutting. “Here comes the bride.” Mary spat unhappily.
want to talk about the future of my family with me? Since when are you doing therapy sessions?”
John chuckled lightly. The boy might be incredibly mature and intelligent, but beneath all of that, he was still a five-year-old. “Your father and I will talk about it. Now, let's eat, or you'll never be getting your presents.”
“No. That is entirely your decision to make now. I made you an offer – take it or leave it. I'm not going to keep up a pretence marriage under which everyone would suffer.. And I was hoping I could move back in here? Even if you're going to keep up
Sherlock pouted and looked away. “He didn't want to risk someone take me or I run away or eat any sweets before he checked them.. I think he actually just wanted to keep it all for himself – there was never much left after his 'checks'.”
“I'm a doctor, I see bare chests on a daily basis. There's nothing I haven't seen, Sherlock... I won't be appalled by a third nipple or a caved-in chest or whatever.” It was reassuring and at the same time, it wasn't. Sherlock wasn't trying to hide a pectus excavatum, he was trying to hide something he'd kept secret from anyone who wasn't his family, something you weren't born with. “And confidentiality applies as well. Not that I would have told anyone anything you didn't want to share anyway..”
“Twat.” John chuckled fondly.
“Oh, we were just repeating vocabulary. And Hamish wants a sibling, preferably for Christmas.” Sherlock said nonchalantly.
“No. It felt awkward, however.” He tried moving his lower body and found his legs to be lighter and much easier to use. He kicked Sherlock accidentally. “Apologies.”
“Yes.” Sherlock answered.
The other boy looked at him sadly for a moment. “Here!” he then exclaimed, taking his hat off and putting it on Sherlock's mop of curls. “Now you're a pirate bee!”
“You mean you know my impatience in the matter.” Watson replied, grinning.
“Oh, very happily!” The exclamation was followed by a bright and earnest smile on the doctor's behalf. Holmes expressed the same just with his eyes. “Thank you, Sherlock.”
“Well, then, should we get going? There's plenty more houses.” she asked the boy, who immediately had an expression of deep concentration on his face.
“So, you are expecting my confirmation on this.”
“Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson's voice called up not long after. “Are you ready for lunch yet?”
Mycroft frowned, deeply displeased. “Attacked under my flag? I assure you I never gave such orders. I will send word immediately.” his brother promised, but halted before retreating to his studies. “How did you come back?”
“Dropping it, so it can crush someone with its weight-”
John had spent the last of the sun rays, and part of the night, contemplating. It was certainly his first time engaging in social interaction with a human. They did not do this on a regular basis. They saved them, when they could, and that was ever the last you would hear. There was a reason for merpeople to have been but a legend told by drunken sailors.
As night came to its darkest. He broke the fog of idleness and proceeded to swim out. Sherlock had told him of the great misfortune that had fallen upon him, but John be damned if he hadn't a way of helping. There was a wrack, old and decaying, that no one dared touch. Not even his people felt safe approaching the eerie thing, which meant treasure would still be inside. And likely a fiend. He would take his chance.
John pursed his lips briefly. “Yeah, nothing broken, just a little cracked. Will be fine. Let me take a look at that, please.” With his words, John approached him, and while Sherlock knew he only meant well, it felt a little like pushing some boundaries he hadn't been aware of himself.
“I have been pondering your idea.” Sherlock said suddenly, breaking the heavy silence that had coated 221B the last two weeks. John, attention caught, abandoned his laptop in favour of sitting down opposite Sherlock in their chairs. “As you probably figured out as well long ago, I am willing to agree to go on a deeper level of intimacy in our relationship. However, I have one condition: Slowly.”
John just prayed and hoped Sherlock hadn't picked up on all of it.
feel for
“Bit dramatic.” Sherlock remarked, unfazed. “Obviously that story is nothing but a myth.”
“That doesn't mean I like it.”
Big, dark blue eyes looked at him with great concern and his voice carried an odd softness to it. “Are you well? I tried all the others, but I fear they are all dead.” he said from where he seemed to hover in the ocean, unaffected by the cold.
The question was cheeky and Sherlock couldn't help but meet him there. “Very effectively... Have you ever done this before? Not with a human.”
Sherlock didn't like the way John was saying these things. Slightly stiff in his posture, words carefully spoken. It was going to be one of
Again, silence followed. Silent understanding. Sherlock didn't understand how he could have taken all his life to finally meet and be with the man that was John Watson. Finally, acceptance, understanding, respect. It made him feel a warmth that hadn't been there for decades.
The government remained silent, no sign of the army, the police or even the common criminal with a gun.
In any case, John enjoyed it and so long as Sherlock wouldn't just be bored with him one day, he had no objections.
“Nearly there, nearly there,” he breathed, restraining any more unsavoury noises.
