“Okay, one episode of Care Bears while you have your juice, all right?” Tony bargains and brings Wanda back to the sofa where the medication is waiting. “I love you more, to the moon and back. Now, take these, kitten, and then we’ll watch.” He bargains again and picks up one of the three pills. Wanda eyes the pills for a moment, then grabs one of them and puts it in her mouth, doing the same with the other two in the next instant.
“Yeah, it’s like a hat. You look very handsome.” Thomas smiles. The OR is almost ready, so Stephen and Thomas also start suiting up in surgical caps and masks, but before putting on the masks, they come over to Peter to show some options.
Peter nods understandingly as he feels very much content with his lollipop. Meanwhile, Steve looks surprised, but follows the doctor out of the boy’s room and into the hallway nonetheless.
“We’d better keep an eye on it. I don’t want Peter getting sick too.” Steve whispers. Two sick Littles was a hell of a lot to handle.
“Baby!” Steve chuckles, humoured by the thought of Wanda actually believing a cold could be a curse for misbehaving. “Of course not. We just get icky sometimes and it has nothing to do with curses. Besides, a cutie pie like you couldn’t get cursed, ever. Daddy and I wouldn’t let you be cursed.” He explains and rests his hand on Wanda’s lower back, rubbing up and down gently to keep her calm as he anticipates that she will put up a fight about the rectal thermometer.
“Lets go check on him.” Steve says and Tony follows with a nod. Returning to the private room, they head over to Peter. “Hey, baby boy. Are you sleepy?”
“One minute!” Steve calls back. He hurriedly switches on Paw Patrol before rushing back upstairs. “I’m here, I’m here.”
“Hi, I’m Thomas. You guys must be Peter’s Daddies? Doctor Strange sent me to get you guys all set up here.” He says, extending his hand to shake Tony and Steve’s. He then turns to Peter. “Hi, little one. The doctor tells me that you’ve been super duper brave today.”
With a nod, Stephen gives Tony the okay to pick Peter up and cuddle him. Tony immediately takes him into his arms and sways side to side with him, hoping the movement will soothe him.
“Yeah, he’s definitely not going anywhere for a while. I just fear he is going to get bored and frustrated. Like, with laying in bed all day and resting while his sister is off doing normal stuff.” Tony ponders. When Peter whimpers a little in his sleep, he turns to look and see if he is truly distressed, but the boy seems to settle and continues to sleep.
The boy is laying on a bed in the ER, his left arm resting on top of a pillow and protected in an air-cast that the paramedics put on his broken arm. The cast pinches his skin a bit, but at least his arm does not hurt that much anymore. Maria said that he had ’fallen asleep’ when he fell on the playground and he had panicked quite badly when suddenly waking up in a wailing ambulance.
Peter giggles quietly at Steve’s voice as he demonstrates. He copies his Papa and also puts a finger on his lips before glancing over at his sister and Daddy.
“Honeybee, bath time won't make you more sick.” Steve tries not to laugh. “It’s gonna make you feel better, I promise. I'd never have you do anything that would make you more sick, okay? I promise. You can have bubbles if you want, and play with Peter.”
“Why Da hurt Wan’a?” He slurs a little with the pacifier still in his mouth. He hates seeing his big sister like this and just wants to play with her already. Steve gets up and goes to pick up Peter, giving him a little kiss on the cheek.
“Okay, Pete, we’re going to go in a room with a magic machine that'll tell me how to make your owie go away.” Opening the locks on the bed’s wheels, he begins to move Peter towards the MRI room, letting Tony hold onto his hand as they go. Steve stays behind to call Vis and hear how Wanda is doing.
“Good.” Tony laughs, wiping Peter's face off with a napkin. “But, let's keep the splashing to a minimum.” The two of them are a handful, but they are a handful he and Steve are happy to have.
Tony has read this story more times than he can count at this point, but right now he realises that he could read it a million times more without getting tired of it. The fear that he felt when he heard Peter had been hurt… Well, he will do just about anything for his little boy right now. He takes it slow and speaks softly, not wanting to bother Peter’s head with anything too loud. When he gets to the end, he closes the book and looks up at Steve worriedly. “Shouldn’t the doctor be here by now?”
“Look, sweetheart.” Steve points out some of the decorations in the ambulance to Peter. “They have Mickey Mouse, see? And lots of pretty colours. It's a fun ambulance.” He knows that the whole ordeal has to be frightening and wants to try and make Peter as comfortable as possible as long as he cannot be at home. At least this is fun for him in a way, although he would not blame the poor thing if he was still upset. “What else do you see, honeybee? Can you show Papa?”
“Okay, but… secret. Gotta be a secret.” She puts a finger to her lips, then to his. “Okay, Papa? And then… go play with Peter.” She is eager to get back to her brother.
“Good morning.” Steve says cheerfully, giving him a bright smile. He is definitely relieved to see Thomas and Stephen already. “We're getting ready. I'm just going to change him first and then we can do whatever you need us to do.”
“Snuggle now.” Wanda nods. Steve sets her down next to Peter and lets her curl up on her side, facing him. The girl reaches out to touch her brother’s uninjured arm, repeating what her Daddies always say when they are sick or hurt. “I'm here now. Is okay.”
“Okay.” Wanda sighs. “Do I have to go see the doctor again? Is Stephen gonna come?” She likes Stephen well enough, but not the procedures she has to go through whenever they end up meeting. She tries to be fast and washes her hands on her own, albeit dripping water everywhere. “If he does, I wanna lie on your lap again, Daddy. It made me feel better.”
But even as she opens the door to Daddies’ room and creeps inside, she cannot help but whimper loudly as the sickly feeling just gets worse and worse. She has that awful feeling like she is going to throw up, and her chest is starting to stab with pain. She climbs up onto the bed with her Daddies and snuggles up against Tony, waking him up in the process.
“Bright…” Peter complains a little, rubbing at his eyes when the doctor pulls back and pockets his penlight.
“Wan’a icky? Owie? I kiss owie.” Peter slurs out again and points at his sister for emphasis. Meanwhile, Tony uses his free hand to stroke Wanda’s hair back when she settles and stays still.
“Yeah, you guys go ahead and we’ll get some medication sorted out.” Stephen says, heading to the medication and supply cart in the room and starts getting things ready with Thomas.
“Daddy, Stephen said I’m a good patient.” Wanda says proudly. “And I’m trying so hard. Honest. Do you love me?” Her throat hurts, but she just keeps talking. “I’m so tired and I...oh.” She looks at the pills in Tony’s hand. “Is it gonna make me feel better?”
A few days later, Tony finds himself going back and forth between lying down with Peter to comfort him and getting him whatever else he needs. He is so proud of the boy for being so good, but he knows how hard it is. Right now, Tony is getting him a bottle to try calming him down.
“I’m afraid not, honey. Now hold still. Remember, we have to do this if you wanna be able to play with Petey soon. Speaking of, I should probably get him some breakfast.”                                                     Wanda is still squirming and kicking her legs.
“Can you keep an eye on dinner and the baby?” Tony asks and goes to pick up Wanda. The girl usually walks by herself, but now Tony wants her safely with him so that she will not trip and hurt herself. “Come on then. Let’s get you squeaky clean.” Tony smiles, bouncing her gently as he brings her to the bathroom.
Peter grins widely at the praise and bounces on his feet, but at the mention of saying bye to his sister, he stops and frowns.
Peter nods his approval and rests his head on Steve’s shoulder, humming in content at knowing his Papa will be his prince.
“Papa is staying right here and not going anywhere. We’re going to play and read some stories and cuddle. I’m staying right here with you, sweetheart. I just want you to rest a little bit like Stephen said. Okay?”
“Pete, show us where your sling is.” Tony chimes in, pointing to the doorway where Peter came from. Peter frowns at his Daddy’s tone and huffs a little before stomping off to point at the living room floor where the sling is.
“Papa is coming.” Tony promises. As if on cue, Steve comes in at that exact moment. He immediately goes to hug Peter, taking extra care to be gentle. “Concussion?”
“M’a big girl. Don’t need it.” Wanda has seen grownups take their temperature by mouth and she can do it too, she is sure she can. Well, probably. However, at the promise of ice cream, Wanda perks up a little. Steve bounces Peter up and down a bit before asking Tony.
“Peter is the best brother, yes.” Tony agrees, setting Wanda down. “We can play after eating breakfast, but before that you should go potty. I don’t want any surprises, okay?” He adds with a chuckle and points to the toilet. Wanda can manage the toilet on her own, but still Tony and Steve stay close in case she needs help washing her hands or something.
“I know. God, who made you so smart? I’d probably freak out and keep them safe inside forever if I could. I just… want to take care of him. But, you’re right.” He offers Steve a smile. “Taking care of him means letting him play too.”
“Sure thing. His vitals look good, but a bit groggy stil.” The nurse chuckles a little, rubbing at Peter’s foot under the covers before grabbing the end of the bed to wheel it down the hall to the patient rooms.
To get access to the cast, they have to take the sling off and Peter sighs a little in relief when he can work his shoulder. It’s nice to get the weight off the sore arm, but it can get stiff at times as well. Before discharging Peter, Stephen had given the two Daddies a bunch of advice on what to do during their boy’s recovery and working his arm gently daily was one of them. Tony carefully writes on Peter’s cast ‘Daddy Loves You’ with a heart next to it.
Wanda feels anxious. What will happen to Peter without her there to take care of him? She is his big sister. She is supposed to make sure he does not get hurt and she cannot do that if he had to go by himself and she had to stay home. Panicking, she wails.
“Baby girl, come here.” Tony prompts and goes to pick Wanda into his arms and then moves to face Steve so that they can all talk. “Wanda, you’re staying home today because you’re sick and you need to rest and because we don’t want your friends at daycare to get sick too. Peter’s going, because he isn’t sick.” At least anymore as he recovered from his fever. It probably had more to do with the lack of attention that day and getting upset over it than anything physical.
“Ponyo it is.” Steve agrees. He has definitely seen it one too many times, but he will watch it again if it makes Peter happy, especially after this. “Good choice, honeybee. Are you all ready to take a little nap so they can fix you up?”
“How long does it take?” Tony's voice shakes while he speaks. “Do you have to put him under? Do you have to-“
“Steve!” Peter turns his head towards the stairs, curious as to what is happening upstairs. He can also hear Wanda coughing, but that she has been doing ever since they all went to the doctor for her. Peter could hardly stay at home alone, so he joined the trip to the doctor’s office, but that did not mean he got any attention from the Daddies.
“Daddy? Do you really love me so much? Do you promise you’re gonna keep me? Just promise. Please, Daddy. You and Papa. Even when I’m bad? I’m trying.” Her voice is faded, and she is starting to fall asleep.
“Darcy.” Peter parrots, smiling as he thinks of one of his friends at daycare. Well, Darcy is more Wanda’s friend, but the little boy gets to tag along to their cool games now and then. Steve supervises the two Littles for a while as they draw till he notices a weird smell. His first thought is to check the baby in the room. “Pete, did you go potty in your pull-up?” He asks, but Peter shakes his head in reply without lifting his head up from his scribbles.
“No nap.” Peter decides, although he really could use with a nap after his exciting and busy day at daycare. He usually has at least a lay down after getting home, even though he already napped at daycare with all the others. “Stowy, Papa!” Peter reminds with a slightly raised voice, patting the front of the book demandingly.
“I did.” Wanda perks up. “I was really good and I took them and I only cried a lil’ bit. But, I don’t like them. I don’t like the thermater too.” She shudders a little. “S’ embarrassing. I don’t want it again. Promise no more?”
She felt sick to her stomach and almost stopped watching. Instead she continued watching as they began beating him, she watched up until Steve came. “My hero” she mumbled, but she took it back quickly. Natasha watched as Steve left a helpless Stark unconscious on the floor. Natasha replayed the scene over and over again, zooming in until she could read Steve’s lips. “You’re not worth it.” Natasha repeated Steve’s exact words.
“He gave you 100 dollars for a cup of coffee and toast, man one day that will be me I promise you” Sam laughed as Steve stood in the same spot dumbfounded by the stranger’s comment and actions. “That dude was right though, if they get the public all on the same page about AnthonyStark then it won’t be long till Howard Stark is next” Sam said matterafactly. That’s not such a bad thing after all, Steve thought to himself. Submitting a video would finally teach the Starks that they can’t just live life expecting everyone to wait on their hand and foot.
“Anthony Stark, he called me from this phone?” Steve’s mouth made an ‘o’ shape. He didn’t understand the relationship between the two or why he was so worried. Sure he got mugged, that happens all the time in New York, well maybe not to that extent but it’s still a common thing.
“Man if I ever get a video of either of them I would submit it without second thought, it’s not even about the money” Steve huffed
“Keep it” Tony rushed off not being able to look the man in the eye. He was too ashamed. His body only got hotter as he flustered to get his phone out of his pocket. He dialed Rhodey’s number quickly knowing he was the only person who could make him feel good right now.
Hope you all enjoyed this it was kind of a filled just to get things running along. Comment what you think is gonna happen next or don’t idc lol.
Bruce paced back and fourth in the waiting room going over what Thor explained to him. “Are there really that many paparazzi outside?” Bruce asked, frustrated. Tony’s already been to hell and back; having it broadcasted for everyone to see would only make it worse. Bruce went over every possible way for Tony to avoid ending up on every magazine in America and part of Europe.
He sat alone in a booth putting his head down before he glanced around the room just one more time. He sipped the bitter sweet coffee allowing the flavors to dance on his tongue, filling his body with the familiar happiness that was caffeine.
“Two vodkas on the rocks please” She turned and smiled at Tony. “Thanks for the drink” To be honest Tony was used to girls throwing themselves at him. Not to sound conceited, but girls came with the whole ‘billionaire’ title.
Ok everyone let’s pretend like it hasn’t been almost a year since the last update shall we ? Also sorry for the shitty chapter but I had to get this part out of the way. So please let me know what you think in the comments because they keep me going! bye :)
“Do you need some help with that?” Steve’s cheeks blushed lightly pointing at Tony’s body. Tony hates accepting help but at this point he had no choice.
“Just a little bit” Jarvis held back his laughter. “But he hardly noticed” Tony sighed licking his spoon.
“It’s a surprise” Tony turned smiling before hitting on the gas in full speed, earning a yelp from Jarvis.
“Damn, why would they pay so much to get a video of the loser anyway” Tony’s heart sank, he could hear everyone in the dinner inputting their opinions on him once again, apparently everyone has been eavesdropping on the two waiter’s conversation. Tony found himself feeling increasingly hot, he felt like he was under a microscope and one wrong move would result in public humiliation, again.
“Calm thy tits” Rhodey popped up from behind them. He smiled at them before taking a seat beside Loki, who was flipping through the magazine like it had the secret b to a happy life in it.  “The nurse said he should be free to check out in half an hour. We can just go through the back there shouldn’t be any paparazzi. We just gotta take care of all the hospital bills and then we’re outta here” Thor and Bruce nodded, relaxed. Rhodey somehow always knows how to fix everything
“He goes to my school” Tony admitted once the cashier couldn't possibly hearing anything. “But I highly doubt he know would ever give me the light of day"
“I mean not for everyone obviously. I guess my main focus growing up was succeeding and I didn’t really have a childhood most people would expect a rich kid to have. It’s funny I’ve never even left the country” He chuckles bitterly.
“Are you alright? You uh you were screaming pretty loud in your sleep”    Tony knew he knew this guy but from where? Then suddenly it all came back; the bar, the alley, his injuries. It suddenly felt harder for him to breathe, all the words he tried to say were dying on then tip of his tongue. He suddenly felt so dirty, so used, vomit escaped his lips again but he didn’t dare let the tears escape. The waiter from the day before watched him in disgust, Tony ignored it and continued.
“Aw good morning beautiful ” Loki smiled in the rear view mirror, pushing the gas pedal excitedly. Tony looked around dizzied, God he really needed to stop doing that.
He lifted his bloody shirt carefully to reveal an even worse torso, he was completely covered in dried blood and bruises. He would have to ask Steve for some bandages to cover that up. He sighed slipping the huge shirt on, sure Tony’s small he hates to admit it but boy was this Steve guy built. His shirts practically engulfed him. He looked in the mirror rolling his eyes, he looked like a child.
“I- it’s really nothing Bruce don’t worry about it “ Tony nodded with sad eyes, his own injuries surprising him.
He looked down at his gross hospital gown hoping no one would recognize him. He ignored his body’s pleas to relax and before he knew it he was in the cafeteria with a cup of hot coffee in his hand. He looked around at all the people chatting away with their loved ones, people with broken limbs, people with incurable illnesses, people who looked like they had already given up hope. He really had no right to complain, not one bit he thought. Most of these people didn’t deserve anything that happened to them while Tony definitely did, at least Steve thought so. Tony thought so too.
Let’s act like it hasn’t been forever since I last posted! I hope you guys enjoy. As always feel free to comment! :)
“Sorry Tony” Bruce took his hand and imagined Tonys as someone that made the hair on the back of his neck curl from fear and smack Tony. That’ll definitely leave a mark. Tony shot up quickly his hair flying in every direction.
“Well you are tonight” she smirked. “Cheers” they clinked glasses as she watched Tony drink with intent eyes. Tony drank quickly wanting to numb the feeling of everyone’s eyes on him, although that didn’t happen. “You never told me your name by the way.”
“What?” Steve’s heart suddenly dropped, he had left a drugged teen alone in an alley without second thought. What has gotten into him? Sure he was a Stark but still. “How do you know?” He asked bending down next to Natasha.
“Yeah I think he threw his other clothes out” Steve responded slightly weirded out. “Why?” He asked, his eyebrows furrowed.
“Jarvis is taking me ” Well this wasn’t as big as a lie. It’s true Jarvis was taking him to practice driving, except Jarvis didn’t know that.
Throughout the day Steve worked over time as Sam went to catch up with his mom. Clint took over his shift asking why Steve was still working, but he already knew the answer.
“Damn you Rhodey” he mumbled to himself, Tony looked up and shook his head. “Listened pal I really appreciate the hospitality and all but I’m just peachy on my own and I think I’ll survive, thanks”
“We haven’t been formally introduced, I am Dr. Hill, nice to meet you. You took quiet the hit there Tony. You have fractured ribs, internal bruising and a little something else.” The doctor took a seat besides Tony, a serious look painting her face. Tony’s body instantly went completely cold, and every time he closed his eyes he was brought back to the previous night. Before he knew it he was throwing up in the trash can next to him, nothing but bitter bile and black coffee.
“Please let me make it up to you. Anything please.” Tony asked desperately placing his hand on Steve's shoulder, attempting to ignore the warmth his body radiated. Steve stood up at full height with the help of Tony, this only making Tony feel shorter than usual.
The server closed the blinds and smiled, Tony liked his smile, it was genuine, those were hard to find. “That’s the best I could do.”
“I know I know he’s kinda evil and all but-but he’s our only hope unless you plan on sleeping on the streets”
“Yup yup. That’s a secret very few know so take care of it please”  They both smiled softly at each other. “Where’s your dream vacation? You seem like the England type”
“Here we are” Thor cheered after 30 minutes of walking, Tony was inches away from passing out, well not inches because he passed out two feet away from the front door.
Tony didn’t get far, to be honest he’s surprised he made it out of the building at all. He sat at the curb of the building and just sobbed, he couldn’t hold in anymore. Everything through the year just piled up and yesterday was the final straw. Maybe his father was right maybe he really was useless, he’s such a wimp can’t even stop himself from crying. Oh god Howard, he’s going to kill Tony. How had that escaped his mind? The Stark name will be spoiled in Howard’s eyes and even if he knew what really happened he wouldn’t care. He with out a doubt already saw the video, the idea of his father seeing his alleged sex tape sent a shiver down his spine. He was probably hunting Tony down this very second.
“I like surprises - for the record. But sure, I promise to give you plenty of heads up about what I’m thinking. Does this mean I have to pre-warn you of everything romantic I want to do for you though? Because surprise, I was gonna get some flowers sent over so you had something to remind you of me when I’m not there,” he hummed, his eyes settling on the banoffee pancakes.
“Favorite movie?” He asked as they moved into kitchen and dining area, Steve had already been cuddling Tony against the breakfast bar.
“Uh, yeah, I have a couple helper bots with learning algorithms and I have JARVIS. He’s still a baby, really, but he’s learning so fast, it’s amazing.” He grinned and blushed a little more and looked up at Steve hopefully. No one had ever… No one had ever cared about his robots before. When Steve had asked him about passions earlier, his mind had jumped to his work, but maybe… maybe if Steve was interested, he could share this. “I would… Really like to play for you. But I’d like it more if you sang with me.”
"I’m fine with pushy because I can say no if I don’t want to but I won’t take any bullshit like safe words are just for subs,” he prickled, there was still a bitter taste in his mouth. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “Okay, I don’t want cuddles anymore--is that okay with you? I think breakfast is a good idea.”
“Yeah, don’t do that because it’s cliché and embarrassing. But thank you.” He settled back down in his arms and squeezed his hand.
she used to call me - it means ‘my treasure’. How did you learn Hungarian? Was it through the Butler and his wife too?”
“They smell like early spring.” He didn’t really have much more reason than that. Tony nuzzled back and hummed.
Steve kissed Tony back just as gently. He then grinned. “Sure, I’ll even spell your name with an ‘i’ and tell everyone my girlfriend really loves peonies,” Steve teased deliberately poking and prodding Tony for another tickle fight, he secretly loved hearing him laugh. He could feel himself already becoming devoted.
Steve shied a little at the praise, subtly hiding by leaning his chin atop of Tony’s head. At the mention of wanting a kiss Steve quickly assented, swooping down to steal a chaste but passionate closed mouth kiss.
Steve sighed, “if I am not in control of a situation I like to just get some time to re-anchor myself. Please don’t make me feel like I just rejected you--I didn’t,” Steve stated calmly. This was what Tony had asked for, right?
“That doesn’t really help, no. But thank you anyways. I’m very glad to have you as my soulmate and I think we can make this work. We can make this work, right?” He laced their fingers together again and looked up at him hopefully.
“I don’t know what you want from me, man, but my counter hasn’t done anything since I was twenty one. I don’t have a clue when it would have moved or stopped.” Now that the man was following, he somehow felt a little better about continuing to walk away, but he kept speaking.
“Sure baby, but first lemme thank you for respecting my boundaries and trusting me. Especially after our little hiccup this morning. I really appreciate you giving me that.”
He pressed the middle of the screen to play the video. Dummy was center screen - haphazardly zoomed in and wobbling. Steve was clearly laughing in the background. The bot had some of his art supplies in its claw.
“Yes, Steve,” he answered.  He knew he looked damn good in lace.  “And I love wearing it for you.” And damn if he didn’t love Steve’s fingers playing over it too.
“That sounds really nice,” Tony agreed.  He just held lightly onto Steve’s arm for the rest of the trip to his place, then leaned into him on the way up to the penthouse.  “Shower first?” He wanted to feel Steve’s skin against his as soon as possible, really.
“Baby if I got a man-bun Bucky would rag on me for trying to be him.  But I can grow it out a little for you, if that’s what you’re digging.  I still think Bucky will rag on me though; I feel it coming.  Besides, I think he liked the short hair.”
Tony didn’t respond with more than a sleepy hum, and he watched Steve sleep for a few minutes, stroking his hair and cuddling as close as possible, until he drifted off too. It had been a very long day and get was definitely blowing off all of his meetings tomorrow and Pepper might actually understand for this. It was a whole hell of a lot. Steve was perfect and amazing and probably the best human being in the world and he’d just need time to process that he actually wanted him. He didn’t wake until Steve moved next to him and woke him, and he blinked his eyes open blearily. “Mmngh?”
Steve jumped a little at the beep, not expecting it. He followed Tony’s lead, gently patting the top of Dummy’s head. “Hey lil guy,” he crooned. “Nice to meet you.” He felt strange interacting with the robot mainly because it didn’t have eyes. Instead, he gave it a cuddle, practically hugging it. “I have no idea how to pet robots. Is this a little too full on?”
“I hope your thing goes well. I’m sure you got it, though,” he positively assured. “Bye gorgeous,” he ended the phone call with a soft click. That went well… Right?
“My ma never made me speak it in full. Truth is the English banned the language in our country so even we couldn’t speak it. Not for centuries. It almost died out. Ma knew phrases.
“What are you talking about? You’re literally just standing in the street looking like an idiot.” A breathtakingly handsome idiot, but that was beside the point. “Oh.” The guy was dressed up. Waiting. “Look, it doesn’t work that way. Everyone knows that. You can’t just miss the meeting. You have to touch or talk to the person for it to count. And I’m the only one… that you just touched.” He frowned thoughtfully. “Sorry. Look, I didn’t mean to hit you, just, stay away from the edge of the street. God… I’ve got to be somewhere.”
“Look, clearly, you don’t want it to be me. It’s probably not, because I don’t have a counter. So just leave it. I’m sorry you missed your special moment.”
I lost touch with my co-author, y'all. I've had this chapter written for a while, but I just didn't get around to editing, because I wasn't sure when we'd get to write more. I still don't know. So. I don't know if I'll be able to add ore chapters or not. I have a bunch of extra little pieces I can post if you want, but the main plot... Well. Let me know in the comments if you'd like that extra stuff.
Steve already knew more about him now than just about anyone, so there didn’t seem like much point in stopping. “I don’t get it. I don’t… I don’t get why you haven’t run away from me already. I’m obviously broken, and sure, maybe you can help, but… Why would you want to? That’s so much work. I…” He took a deep breath and decided to let that go for a bit. “I genuinely like giving blow jobs as long as it’s on my terms. Is that… Is that a good enough place to start?” He really didn’t want Steve to leave now, and sure, he’d change his mind and keep pushing him away for weeks, but he couldn’t bear the thought of being alone tonight after all this.
“It seems your ass really did save the date, baby.  It should get all the praise it deserves,” Steve joked, petting the space beside him to coax Tony to get in bed with him.
“Nah forget it, I’m more interested in getting to know you anyway,” Steve replied flippantly smiling at Tony with a smile that could light stars. “So, I figured we could play like twenty questions or something--you know, ask each other absolutely anything. I can - I don’t know sign an NDA or something if you’re still worried I’m some loco insane person who’s tryna trip you up.” He paused. “God I must have came off so strongly earlier. You must have been terrified I was gonna hurt you or something. I’m really sorry about that - I didn’t mean to come across threatening,” he apologized again before adding - “good story for a celebrity couples game show, though. If we’re looking for a silver lining. ‘How did you meet your partner, Mr. Stark?’ 'Well, actually, Jimmy I practically jumped him on the street for making me miss my soulmate… and it turns out he was that soulmate. Hilarious,” Steve tried his hardest to lighten the mood by making an ass out of himself.
“Dork,” he chided with a grin. Then he sobered a bit as Steve kissed his wrist. “I didn’t think the… I didn’t think yours would keep going. I thought… I’m glad. That you found me. Really really glad. Even if today’s been very up and down. You don’t mind it, do you? The scar? I mean, you have to. It’s awful. But I can cover it.”
He leaned into Steve’s hand when he touched his jaw, then took a sharp breath at the touch to his stomach before it was cut off by the kiss. His abs weren’t particularly defined, since he hated the gym and all his muscles were from working, but he knew that he still looked good, even if it was a different kind of good from Steve. He leaned into the kiss too, and when it broke, asked, “Can I touch you too?”
Tony’s comment about trust, how he needed reasons to trust someone rather than to not trust them. It stuck with Steve. It resounded with him. When Tony kissed him he was shocked, but hastily kissed back. He had funny light-headed feeling as they walked back to the car.
“Yes,” Steve answered, helping Tony into the shower before gently hemming him into the water.  Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist, positioning them so the shower water was running over their backs, only a few rivulets escaping to track down their faces, Steve moved his lips closer to Tony’s, engaging in a soft kiss.  It was gentle, but then he kissed him again, until he was repeatedly kissing Tony passionately, open mouthed and heavy breathing as he brought their bodies closer, as close as they could get.  His hands moved to massage over the planes of Tony’s back.  He was fully hard now but ignoring it.
“It’s the touch and kissing. I have thing for kissing when I cum - that was the only reason I had issue with being entirely alone but it’s okay, if you feel like it, we can build on it. The important thing is that we’ve found a medium ground we both adore,” he smiled kissing Tony’s cheek.
“As in my-?” He paused. “My counter’s gone so if it’s based on touch… it has to be?” His breath caught, disorientated, this was not what Steve had prepared for. He caught up to Tony,
Steve had been antsy ever since the date on his arm had disappeared and the timer had started to count down. He’d been ready and dressed from the instant he knew it was going to start count down. Leather jacket, crisp shirt and acid wash jeans. The scent of his favorite cologne clung to him and a single rose was tucked into his messenger bag.
“Dummy is a bit of a weird name for a learning algorithm? Are you trying to be ironic?” he asked. “That’s like calling your child Craptacular,” he joked, honestly curious.
“Thank you.” He leaned up to kiss his cheek, then shimmied out of his boxers with no shame at all and pulled on a clean pair, followed by the tight grey jeans. Then he pulled his ‘nope’ t-shirt down over his head. “Good enough?” He was actually really pleased that he could give Steve something really nice to look at, at least, since he wasn’t getting him off. Maybe the memory would stay with him for a while even if Tony ended up freaking out and going silent on him? “Maybe go put your pants on, Stevie? We are going somewhere public. And as fun as that was earlier, I actually don’t like everyone getting to see all your lovely skin and muscles.”
“Thank you, I used to have to put my dad to bed and stuff, I find it… uncomfortable.” Steve hummed, it was obvious there was more to the story, there were millions of jigsaw pieces to add to the one little one they’d stumbled over, but he left it unsaid. “You don’t need to worry, I’m not about to leave you just because things might get a bit tough. With you through thick and thin,” he promised.
Things are emotional--these boys are really going too fast, but Steve gets protective, their needs clash some more, and oof. You'll see. Heads-up for a misunderstanding during scene featuring safewording and a lack of immediate aftercare.
“If you have anything vintage classic I may actually have orgasm.” He laughed not really thinking about his choice of words before going bright red. “Uhm? I should probably find a way to express happiness that doesn’t equate with arousal really, shouldn’t I?”
He appreciated that Tony held his eye contact. Steve had mastered the art of eye-fucking; the powerful, steady stare came naturally to him and he loved to use it in intimate moments. He leaned closer to Tony, moving one of his hands to that he could run the fingertip of his index finger over Tony’s jawline.
“C'mon you can’t just suggest something like that and leave! Surely your counter must have been moving too?” He asked.
“There’s abusive and there’s domestic violence, you know. The latter is a lot darker. Abusive could mean power struggles and regular screaming matches. Rape, Tony? That’s definitely domestic violence, sweetheart.” Steve tried his hardest to sympathize.
Nat burst out laughing--she hadn’t heard that one before.  “Oh my god.  Pulp Fiction Steve? What the fuck?” She was biting her lip and chuckling as she shook her head choosing to pour the hot water as distraction.  Bucky was smirking too, mimicking Steve.  “I’m ready to blow, Buck,”
“Hey, no, it’s not your fault. It’s not your fault that it took us a while or that bad things happened to me. And I’m all yours now and I’m very glad that I have you to make things better. I want you to tell me. When you’re ready to go public with our relationship. I’m not a superstar or anything, but I’m filthy rich so there will be bad news stories about it. And I don’t want you to have to deal with that until you’re ready. Okay?” He kissed under Steve’s jaw again and let his hands explore the planes of Steve’s back.
“No, no - I have another.” Steve protested, “What do you find extremely unattractive in a person?” He tried not to dwell too much on the fact that neither of them had positive upbringings. He had loved his mother, she’d been wonderful but her death still affected him emotionally.
And there it was. Tony resisted the hug at first, but then he fell into it and hugged Steve back as his tears started to wet his cheeks. His eyeliner was probably ruined now. He did snort a little at the horrible pun, and then swallowed. “You called me baby,” he said quietly. “And this was the right time and how could you not recognize me?” He likely sounded almost as broken as he felt now.
Maybe watching the sunset would be… Maybe it would be enough. Maybe Steve would do all the talking and Tony would actually be able to just sit back and listen for a change. And Steve trusted him enough to get in a car with him and go to an unknown location, possibly far from civilization, at sunset. That was. Impressive. Unless it still was a setup and Steve was planning to murder him and steal his car.
“If you insist baby, I can comprise with a pizza,” Steve smiled, rolling his eyes. “You probably - really should have like a virtual NDA file or something to sign because like, people are freaks seriously. I mean, now I’m starting to realize how terrifying it can be in the limelight from one like - what? Mild experience I’m starting to panic about you. I’m not even you and freaking out about you. Don’t get me wrong I know you could kick some serious ass if you were in danger but the thought of someone deliberately trying to malicious to make you look bad makes me feel real gross inside. Like angry?” He hummed, “Dunno, maybe I’m already getting a little hung up on you. Reckon that’s a good idea or a bad one? I’m intense… that’s what Bucky calls me at least. You ok with intensity?”
He was surprised by the fast change of topic, but after raising his eyebrows curiously, he shook his head. “No, I don’t really ever. Once in a while, I’ll try, but I always get bored. It’s not worth it. Why is this an important question?”
“This is the reference picture I’m using for the portrait. I’m doing it properly old style - think Victorian Britain style portrait of a stuffy rich white dude, gonna make this detailed frame for it. Make a commentary about framing machinery as humanized whilst I’m at it. Because really I love him like I’d love a pet and you do too right?”
“‘Kay.” Tony smiled and nuzzled Steve a little, very content to stay on top of him and cuddle for the rest of the night.  “You’re really coming to my meeting? Obie’s gonna be so mad.” He was still smiling, thrilled at the idea of bothering people like that.
“I don’t think I want to go back home anytime soon, so chilling at your board meeting sounds fab, as long as I can buy you dinner afterwards.  We could go to one of your favorite places?” Steve bribed, nothing short of grateful for Tony’s presence at that moment.
“Wanna draw you like all the great pin ups,” he hummed, “put you down in my sketchbook all dressed up for me,” he panted, breathing heavily out of his nose. He arched his neck backwards, breaking eye contact to roll his head round. His eyes fell closed as his lips, bright red and pert, parted delicately. He moaned he couldn’t help it. “I’m so fuckin’ turned on,” he whimpered. He loved it - he’d never allowed himself to be teased this way before. It was sublime. His adams apple bobbed nervously. “Will you? Kiss my neck?” Steve asked, his hands wrapping around Tony to pull him close.
It was really nice to have someone willing to take care of him a bit, even if that just meant talking to the waitress to get their food warmed up, and his little freak-out earlier was feeling more ridiculous by the second.
“Having bi-polar isn’t scary to me Tony, but nice effort at trying to get me to freak out. It’s going to take a lot more than that to scare me. But you’re welcome to try if it will help you trust me more.” He took a bite of the pizza slice, wondering how Tony would react to Steve reading him so well.
“I understand--they were waiting up for me because I told them I’d be back,” he moved his arm out so that he could cuddle Tony.  “I still feel bad for bringing
Tony reached over to squeeze his hand, then leaned across the partition to lay his head on Steve’s shoulder.  “Traffic will be nothing this time of night.  We can probably make it to my place in less than fifteen minutes.  This isn’t your fault either, you know.  Maybe it would’ve helped to call ahead, but it’s your home too and if you don’t call after midnight to say you’re bringing someone home to bed with you, that’s really not a big deal.  As great as accommodations are, a lack of them doesn’t excuse him not managing his own problems in a way that avoids hurting others.”
“Just that I am extremely infatuated with you.” He replied simply, “to communicate how passionate you make me,” the words were barely above a whisper. Spoken with their lips close to touching. He moved his gaze down to stare longingly at Tony’s mouth. Inching forward he closed the gap, massaging their lips together as his hands grasping Tony’s waist. He ran the smooth palms of his hands over the patterned contours of Tony’s abdominal muscles.
Tony was well aware that Steve was aroused and he was beyond pleased. Steve hadn’t made him stop or tried to escalate anything and he was very impressed by the self-control. It didn’t hurt that Steve was gorgeous like this. Like anything, really, because he was gorgeous all the time, but this was a special kind of beautiful. “I have pale blue lace and satin boyshorts that lace up in the front. There’s a matching short robe. All chiffon with lace at the cuffs and across the shoulders. Three quarter sleeves and it falls down to mid-thigh. I can’t wait for the chance to dress up for you, Steve. Most nagyon boldog vagy.”
Tony snorted and was shaking with quiet laughter by the end of the story. “That’s so ridiculous I can’t even… How did your mom take it? Besides the grounding?” He didn’t really have a coming out story, but he had a ton of fun college stories from when he and Rhodey had been kids.
“I have three doctorate degrees, honey buns.  I think I’m plenty nerdy for you.  He rested his hands and chin on Steve’s shoulder and told him about how Sirius was really two stars, then went into details about how binary stars worked and how that set in particular functioned and about the system around them.
Steve burst out laughing, “Ouch! No call back until tomorrow - you’re so savage,” Steve teased, nudging Tony’s cheek with his nose, being playful. “I don’t see how the Christmas ad thing is creepy at all, but sure sure, I’ll be quiet. Would you feel better if I called you the Grinch?” He joked, moving Tony so he was sat in Steve’s lap with his arms around Tony tightly.
Steve grinned at the fact Tony wished him to stay the night. He would have blushed at Tony’s open approach to feedback but he was already red from getting off. He shook his head playfully, taking a seat next to Tony he took the bundled mass and relocated it to his lap.
A bunch of potential lies rolled through Tony’s mind, and it was a close thing to avoid just blurting out “I’m married!” to be done with it. That wouldn’t be fair, though, no matter how much this whole interaction was terrifying and making him hate himself and his broken timer and all that he’d been through even more than he already did.
“This is why I hate the community. People use subs to fix their own insecurities.” He swallowed thickly. “It sounds like you might have been heavily coerced, which worries me.” He sighed a little, “I can help Tony but you need to want me to help.”
Steve nodded, understanding that Tony would probably be the type of sub to fall into the wrong hands. You could literally feel the trust issues ripple from him. A lot of bad people could probably sense that. Steve also figured it was a sensitive subject. The dismissive ‘hey stuff happens’ seemed quite defensive. “That’s fair enough, it sounds like BDSM is a tool for you to work through some trauma. That’s pretty much how I use it too,” he added, “you do need to be careful with it though. It might not get you exactly what you need if there’s a lack of reciprocal and intimate trust, but that’s just my experience. There can be relapses if the dom leaves, maybe even dom burnout. Which is traumatic for everyone involved. If you know it well enough, and know what you’re using it for, things get easier to figure out your own needs.” He stated airily. “Mom was sick a lot, because I was sick a lot as a kid. There’s a lot of guilt, when that happens. A lot of responsibility. A very definite lack of control.” He hummed, getting lost in the scenery for a second as he contemplated a few moments that sprang to his mind.
Steve blinked.  “Me? More like thank you, baby.  You’ve spent all evening explaining the night sky to me.  People get paid to do this shit, you know?” He smiled, kissing Tony’s cheek.  “Honestly, though.  I’ve really enjoyed listening to you out here.  And the stars are almost as beautiful as you.  You’ve got a solid lead on Sirius and that’s my favorite.” He swayed Tony a little in his arms.  “I have both hot chocolate and coffee in thermoses in my car--you want some? If so, which one?”
“Maybe a dark theatre where we can’t talk to each other is a bad idea? Why don’t you drive us out somewhere in the suburbs… like a look-out point or something so we can watch the sunsent together away from the mainstream public,” he suggested, “we can get to know each other. It’s probably not a good plan to not talk after something like this. You’re not being dramatic at all, you’ve had some stuff to deal with, you know. We all got things that are sore spots.”
Steve laughed, “sweetheart, getting to know each other is going to hurt. We both have sensitive spots the other one doesn’t know about. You’ve trodden on mine quite a lot, I’m just like a stone, I don’t blanch easy and I know you don’t mean it. I promise no part of you is going to scare me away and I will always be here to hug you better if you get upset, but it is inevitable. We’re in a relationship. You can’t be in a relationship and have it always smooth sailing. Choppy waters are always the strongest,” he surmised, kissing Tony’s cheek. “We should probably eat…”
Steve smiled his arms wrapping around Tony’s form, “That’s a no to the popcorn, I am actually quite enjoying your bug bears about the popularization of physics in fiction. I mean my understanding doesn’t really venture much past Neil DeGrasse Tyson. Whom I love, may I add,” Steve informed Tony, he couldn’t help but nuzzle up to Tony’s jaw at the chance to get close to him again. “If you’re any good at stargazing, you need to take me. Hint hint, by the way.” He smirked
Steve smiled down at Tony. “I deeply appreciate the offer, but I’m fine for now. Who knows - if this goes well maybe I’d be moving in with you anyway so renting an apartment would be pointless.” He grinned down at Tony, “I’d give you anything you wanted too, Tony.” Steve reassured, playing with Tony’s hair. “I mean I don’t have much money, but I have lots of love to give.” He ignored the question about where he went to highschool.
Steve could see Tony was struggling, so he instantly reached out for Tony’s hand. "Thank you, for letting me know you were finding it hard. I promise I’m not unreasonable. I feel like I’m drowning if someone’s wrapped around me and I’m not in control,” he laced his fingers with Tony. “You’re doing amazing,” he offered hopefully.
“My ass always deserves praise,” he agreed.  “Master? This was good, right? And we’ll talk about it tomorrow?”
Tony kissed his cheek, then his jaw, then followed the other two, both of his arms wrapped around one of Steve’s now.  “I’d definitely take a beer, thanks.  Maybe you could also dish up some embarrassing stories from when he was much smaller? Then I can decide whether to defend his honor again or just laugh at him a bit.” He didn’t ever want Steve to think he didn’t respect him, but he also wanted to know what sort of trouble he could expect him to get into.  So there would likely be slightly more defending than laughter.
“Of course I won’t hold it against you.” Steve assured, “Like I said, its more about national identity and heritage than it really is for the actual religion. Ireland has a complex history.” He nodded listening to Tony’s story. Hungarian and Italian, how beautiful?
The unexpected hug from Natasha pulled Tony away from Steve a little, but he awkwardly hugged back.  He could probably get used to this kind of casual contact if he let himself.  It was nice.  A little terrifying, but good.  “Ah, Natasha? Right? Hi.  Good to meet you too.  Honestly, I didn’t stop talking about him much yesterday either.” This was all… Really good, yeah.  Welcoming.  It almost felt more real than his home.  And less at the same time.  He managed to pull away from Natasha and squeezed Steve’s hand, glancing back up at him to make sure everything was okay and see what he wanted to do.
“Hell yes. Love them. I can go on for days about the problems, but I eat that shit up. Oh. I commentate movies. And tv. And the news. Basically everything. Just so you know. I don’t even notice I’m doing it, but Rhodey swears I do. And I’d love to see your pieces.” He smiled genuinely and squeezed his hand.
Tony turned around to hug him tightly, burying his face in Steve’s chest again. “I can’t believe you want me. Fate is… normally the worst. But fuck, I’m so glad that this… I’m getting ahead of myself, I know. But. You’re so amazing.” He would cover it though. If nothing else, he didn’t want to look at it anymore. Something really tasteful. Romantic, maybe. “I’m gonna get a drink. Then I’ll be right back.”
“Would you like me to leave later this evening or tomorrow morning?” He asked casually, moving nearer to the bed.
Steve burst out laughing, kissing the side of Tony’s cheek. “Damn right it is!” He agreed, moving his hands away so that Steve was resting on top of him. Smile tucked into a smirk he leaned down to whisper over Tony’s lips,
“What about jewelry? More specifically, non-restrictive collars? I have a real thing for a beauty in a nice collar.”
“Please don’t think I’m mad at you.  You did amazing in there.  I…” He paused, the L-word almost slipping from his mouth.  “You showed me just how much I can rely on you and really? I’m so grateful.  I just need to calm down because I’m really upset.” Steve spoke, unlocking the car before sitting in the driver’s seat and collapsing against the wheel, careful of the horn.  “I should have let him know we were coming over.”
“You’re so beautiful,” he whispered, lips grazing over the skin of Tony’s neck. “Your body feels so amazing, soft and firm in equal parts, skin such a gorgeous color. You’re literally a tactile day dream.” He was losing himself in Tony. The scent of his skin and the feel of his body. Steve’s hands lost themselves in the soft locks of Tony’s hair as he sat up pressing their torso’s together.
“That mermaid thing at the city zoo? Everyone’s been freaking out about it.It even made the front page of the paper” Natasha spoke up passing the paper she was reading around. “You think it’s an actually mermaid?” She giggled and everyone joined her. Nothing interesting ever happened in Marvel City and it wasn’t about to happen in summer of ‘95 either.  Thor barely glanced at the paper before passing it to Bruce who didn’t even bother to look, passing it to Steve. Steve couldn’t help but stare at the picture of beautiful red and gold scales that covered the page. He was left almost speechless, a small part of him wanted to believe in the mermaid being real while the other part found the whole thing laughable.
Suddenly another women stood up and joined them, along with the bar tender all of them meeting a man outside. Tony’s heart beat was increasing as he began to realize what was happening. He felt paralyzed, he couldn’t  move, his head ached, his blood felt cold he wanted to scream but nothing could come out. He tried to fight back to push them away but it was pointless.
“Hey check that out” the cashier nudged Tony’s waiter. He couldn’t help but eavesdrop. “Look at how much they pay for a video of that Stark kid doing something stupid. Man I’d be able to actually quite one of my jobs”
“So youre telling me you get whatever you want handed to you on a gold plate and that’s all you can say?” Tony look at Steve his heart racing, he didn’t like making people mad but apparently that’s all that he was good at. Gosh even if he wasn’t trying to be a pompous ass, he still was one.
“Holy fucking shit Natasha you scared the hell out of me” Steve grabbed his chest his heart pounding. She had gotten her in two minutes rather than five.
“Never better honey” Bruce knew Tony was lying but he didn’t wanna force him to answering in fear of pushing him away. Instead Bruce smiled and nodded.
“Yeah well I don’t always get what I want so oh well ” Tony got up ignoring the pain shooting through his body.
The customer dragged his hand over his face lifting his glasses and pinching the bridge of his nose. “Thank you” he smiled looking up at Steve. His face oozed familiarity but Steve just couldn’t put his finger on it.  He left the customer smiling, going to grab his order.
Tony hid his face in his hand still peaking through the cracks of his fingers. He didn’t want to but he could hear every part of his conversation.
Hands were touching him everywhere, he didn’t like it. They were cold and rough, they held no affection or emotion. His body was being held down, used. He wanted to scream, to call Rhodey, Jarvis, his mom, or even Howard, but he couldn’t no matter how hard he tried. He screamed as loud as he could but only a muffled whimper escaped.
“She’s doing good, hospital bill are a pain in the ass but we’ll make it through” Steve smiled sadly.
“What? No way!” Steve stopped for a second to look at him. “I thought the Starks were always taking extravagant vacations.
Tony ran a total of 4 red lights and 2 stop signs before he pulled up into a plaza parking lot. Jarvis breathed a sigh of relief. They both exited the car, Tony grinning from ear to ear whilst Jarvis held himself back from vomiting. “Let’s get ice cream” Jarvis smiled as Tony led the way into an all too familiar ice cream shop. It was the one Anna and Jarvis took Tony to when Howard was being extra unpleasant. “Jarvis you okay?” Jarvis didn’t realize he was staring the the sign for so long, memories of Anna flooding his brain.
“Yeah Thor I know I’m talking about my phone. I gave it to you in the taxi?” Thor gave Bruce a look that could only be read as ‘oops’. “Aw come on man how are we going to get it now?” They both stared at the locked apartment. Getting to Tony really never is easy.
Tony walked into the bar later that night,  with his head high, he told himself no more than one drink tonight. He really didn’t need the paparazzi to get their hands on more embarrassing videos, he also didn’t want to listen to his dad lecture him for an hour about him spoiling the Stark name. Because honestly in Tony’s view point the Stark name has been ruined long ago.
“What the hell is going on here?” Natasha yelled over both of them and for the first time they realized everyone else in the room. Suddenly Tony felt even more uneasy.  “Actually I don’t wanna hear it Steve your room now” Natasha demanded like an angry mother. Tony turned to Bruce and Thor, his eyes instantly softening.
“Tony don’t put yourself down like that, any woman or man would be lucky to be with you” he used Tony’s actual name causing him to look up with a smile and a nod. They ate in comfortable silence after that.
“Uh Bruce can I talk to you for a sec?” Bruce nodded as Thor gave Tony a tight smile. Tony could see the pity in both of their eyes, he hated it. It made him feel useless, weak and he didn’t need to feel like that again. “Ehm alone” Thor nudged his head towards the door.
“What?” Steve questioned hoping more than anything that the beautiful creature I front of him would respond. Instead he looked at Steve with big brown eyes that held innocence that resembled Bambi.
“Be there in 5” She hung up quickly. Steve got closer to the unconscious genius shrugging his jacket off to support Stark’s head. Steve bit back a bitter laugh, what kind of luck does he have that he got stuck with a beat up, spoiled brat. His eyes ran over Stark one more time, water dripping from the gutter behind him, multiple animals roaming behind him,this would be the last place anyone would see Anthony Stark. “Whats up?”
Loki faked a frown at his brother, “Ouch brother that hurt. Anywho an ambulance won’t get her in nearly enough time for our sweet little Anthony” Loki smirked like the Cheshire Cat while pulling Tony’s cheek. Thor pulled Tony away protectively, already over with Loki’s antics. “That’s why we’ll take my little baby, Cherry ” Loki shoved them out of the way smacking his door behind him.
Suddenly Tony jerked awake a warm hand on his shoulder, this wasn’t like the others. He still flinched away the movement causing his brain to do a 360 and before he knew it a bucket was placed Infront of him and he was vomiting yesterday’s toast.
“Tony!” He could hear Rhodey shouting as he was the only one swimming towards him, but it was hopeless. He was twisting and turinung frantically to set himself free but the net felt like an endless blackhole. He suddenly found himself struggling to breathe. To make matters worse the net began to lift up and every merhuman’s worst nightmare was met.
Tony dialed the only number he cared to memorize, Rhodey’s. Tears streamed down his face at a rapid pace as he tried to swallow an upcoming panic and loss of breathe. First ring, second rings, thirds ring, “Hello” Rhodey sounded confused, worried too.
“Promise” Steve never broke a promise, he  hung up the phone and texted his address to the random number. This was like a really bad soap opera and Steve wasn’t even the main character. This was so unlike him, sure he loved helping people, but letting strangers in his home he never really did. No matter how famous, this wasn’t like him at all.
“Sorry dudes but that exhibit is closed today, but like you can check out the sharks kids can’t even tell the difference” the guy laughed.
“He’s a big boy, he can speak for himself” and that’s when everything unraveled. Tony swam towards the boats despite Rhodey’s protests  as everyone cheered him on. He flipped off Justin before touching the boat, he was getting ready to swim away successfully when suddenly someone from the group shouted.
“I’d love that” Tony smiled ignoring the pain shooting through his ribs. Steve dug in his closet for clothes that would fit the billionaire, or atleast not engulf him. Despite his large media personal Tony Stark was rather small, Steve found that quite entertaining.
“Amen my man amen” Sam smiled as he left to take more orders. For once Steve wasn’t angry at a gossip sight for exploiting innocent celebrities because the Starks deserved this.
“Okay I-I may have lost it but but my brother, Loki, doesn’t live far from here! I’m sure that we could get there in no time” Thor beamed as though he has solved all the problems in the wold.
He poored the coffee and decided on giving the customer some toast and honey to help with the obvious hangover, it wouldn’t kill Steve to be nice once in a while.
They blurry figure looked at Tony but he couldn’t make out his features, was he saying something? Tony felt his body cough up blood and before he knew it his masked hero was gone. Tony’s head continued to pound, his body continue to ache, but he couldn’t do anything as darkness took over him.
“Tony were they the ones in the video? Oh god Tones” Rhodey could feel his heart being ripped from his chest. Rhodes was going to hurt some people so help him God.
“Rhodey I’m fine I really don’t need any help, okay? I’m perfectly fine, actually I have never been better. ” Tony cheesed a smile at him. Rhodey looked down disappointed,Tony felt pathetic, useless and just down right worthless. God if only Howard could see him now, he could never be prouder, really.
Steve rolled his eyes and closed the door. That was easier than expected. Steve walked back into his room as his phone rang, an unknown number. “Hello?”
“Is there anything you wanna tell me about ?” Tony couldn’t tell if he was talking about his supposed sex tape, or him getting jumped or that Steve guy. Tony’s face was painted with a blank expression as he nodded preparing to fake a response. Thor popped in head into the room before he had a chance to make up a lie. Saved by the overly large friend, Tony smirked to himself.
Tony’s brows furrowed as his eyes landed on a head of golden blond hair. He couldn’t put his finger on it but it was eerily familiar. Then the blond spoke up and Tony could almost instantly match a face to that head of hair. Strangely Tony felt at ease while hearing his voice.
“Of course not”Tony faked a smile for what felt like a millionth time today. He watched Thor and Bruce leave, feeling alone again. He hated being alone now. He used to enjoy it, so much but now he felt different, almost indescribable. “Coffee” Tomy mumbled to himself looking around to make sure the coast was clear before sneaking out and grabbing the obnoxious IV with him.
“Well good for you inspector Gadget! If I’m an ass I would love to know what that makes you!” Tony yelled back just as loud, his bruised cheeks flushed with red. He acted as though Steve’s words had no effect on him but boy he couldn’t be more wrong.
“Tony is everything alright?” Thor’s normally booming voice sounded soft and gentle for the first time ever. Tony looked up with a fake grin
“We’ll have a banana split extra Nutella and strawberry ice cream please” Jarvis smiled, the Nutella was for Tony and the strawberry ice cream  was usually in Anna’s favor. Jarvis knew all about Tony and his sexuality, not that Tony told him, he just knew Tony. Although he didn't know that Tony was a total klutz when it came to actually talking to someone he deemed attractive.
Bruce was on the verge of fainting himself, he looked at Tony’s pale face and tapped it ever so gently. With no success in gently waking him up Bruce resorted to a more violent attempt.
“No can do buddy ” Tony was back on his facade it was like switching languages for him; quick, easy, and a second nature. “Honestly Rhodey I’m fine, overdramatic but fine. I’ll survive good bye love”
Natasha stormed her way to Steve’s apartment, her cheeks almost as red as her hair as she boiled with anger. She held the usb tightly in her hand and gritted her teeth as she approached the building she noticed two young men sitting infront arguing. She slowly walked by, looking them both up and down.
Rhodey nodded before realizing what he was doing “You have my word”, his theories about Howard had been confirmed. The man really was an asshole.
“I’ll take care of the security footage, just go” Steve nodded again carrying the genius in an attempt to make it look like he wasn't dragging a dead body to his apartment. Steve lived near the diner, he walked as quick as he could, hisbreathe shortened from carrying his body and slightly jogging. He knew Bucky was at some 24 hour coffee shop with wifi so he didn't have to worry about him asking a hundred and one questions. He searched in his pocket for his keys holding Stark with arm and breathing heavily.
The merman and the human locked eyes and it felt like Steve was in a trance, taken away by the creature before him’s beauty. Tony was rendered speechless as this was the first human that wasn’t shoving a camera in his face, yelling at him to do tricks, or manhandling him.
Tony made Jarvis regret it. He drove double the speed limit, blared his music to the top, and not once used his signals. Jarvis held onto the roof’s handle for dear life silently thanking God as they stopped at a red light. “Sir may I ask where exactly are you taking us?” He asked bewildered, attempting to flatten out his hair.
Steve began tippy toeing into the vacant area, expecting complete silence but instead he heard a voice. “Come on Tony think, think! How the hell are you gonna get out of this one? God I should’ve listened to dad! Never thought I would be saying that…God how could you be so stupid Tony!” Tony broke down sinking to the fake ocean floor. Gold sparkles escaping his eyes, tears, for merhumans cried glitter such a beautiful effect for such a sad cause. Steve witnessed everything, leaving him speechless. Mermaids were definitely real and well this was a merman? Steve watched from the shadows and as he tried to get closer he tripped over his clumsy feet.
The man on the floor coughed, blood spluttered out of his mouth. Steve turned to look him over. “Are you al-“ he stopped his sentence midway realizing just who the man on the floor was. The man on the floor was Anthony Stark, he was a lot smaller in person especially when he wasn’t surrounded by multiple people boosting his ego.
“Mom I don’t want you worry anything. I just want you to focus on getting better, please” The woman held Steve’s hand. Tony presumed it was his mother, she looked so tired, almost hopeless. Tony’s heart aches for her. Steve looked at his mother with kind eyes. Tony almost envied their relationship, he was always distant with his mother. He glanced at them one more time, the pair were almost magnetic to Tony. He decided that he had been creeping on people too long, gulping his coffee he rush to return back to his room before anyone knew he was ever missing.
He spent a while cleaning the kitchen and was about to take a well deserved break but stopped midway when he heard sudden screaming. “What the-“ he looked over at the security cam and it was no longer cats. A group of guys and girls surrounded a man who was laying on the floor all their faces blurry from the small tv screen.
“Yeah here. Steve, Steve Rogers” Tony nodded taking the phone just as a news notification showed up ‘Tony Stark’s Sex Tape Leaked’ the air has left Tony’s lungs. His skin grew itchy, cold, and hot all at the same time. He choked back tears as Steve took the phone from his shaking hands. He looked over the screen and almost felt bad for the bastard. Sure he didn’t like him but something that private shouldn’t be shared with the world without his consent.  “Are you alright?” Steve found himself in a very awkward situation, he was hoping that Stark would get up and leave and he wouldn’t be late for work  but apparently nothing ever goes as planned in Steve’s life.
“Good! I wasn’t going to apologize anyway! Look Natasha some times people are just inconsiderate dicks and there’s nothing you can do about it! I was trying to be nice I really was but he got on my la- ouch!” Nat punched his arm this time. She looked at the red usb in her hand every part of her body begging her to play the video for Steve but she knew she couldn’t .
“Poor bastard” Steve mumbled as he turned off the tv. He got into the room in time to catch Anthony trying to get up.
“Well you know mine so it's only fair” he gave Tony a charming smile that absolutely melted his heart.  “And you are in my physics class after all, you're pretty hard to miss, always blurting out the answers” Tony’s already red cheeks darken some more, his heart was ready to jump out of his chest at this point.
Whispers filled the bar as Tony walked in a few people even taking pictures, many thought they would be getting the ‘it video’ that would be everywhere tomorrow morning. Tony sat himself down, ignoring the many glances. “What can I get you?” Before Tony could answer a girl sat herself besides him and responded.
“Come one Jarv, we've already been over this I’ve already practiced before I’m practically licensed. Well except for not actually having my license and all that.” Tony stuck out his bottom lip begging.
“Are you alright?” A random man asked placing his hand on Tony, his face was blurry but Tony could barely make out a smirk on his lips. “Come one lets get you some fresh air” the guy started pulling Tony’s weak body.
Natasha tilted her head to the side and look at the two young men infront of her. One was scrawny and shy looking while the other stood buff but surprisingly unintimidating as he smiled. “May I ask what for?” Natasha turned towards them.
He nodded quickly, igniting a head ache, the funny feeling not leaving his body. “Excuse me. I need to go to the restroom” Tony got up quickly almost tripping. Britney watched him carefully as he stumbled to the bathroom. “What the ‘ell” Tony slurred his words washing his face with cold water. His vision suddenly becoming blurry.
Tony loves driving, feeling the wind through his hair and blasting his music impossibly loud. Driving made that weird knot in his stomach disappear. It let his head clear and not have to worry about upsetting his dad or ruining a project. When Tony was driving he wasn’t Anthony Edward Stark son of Howard Stark the billionaire, he was just Tony a regular kid and he loved it.
“Bloody Bastards! I’ll teach them to mess with our brother Anthony!” Thor boomed slamming his cherry coke on the small coffee table beside him. His cheeks were a rosy color ever since they’ve picked up Tony, anger painting over his face like it was a canvas. Thor has always been protective of their little group, especially Tony. Tony has strangely always reminded him of Loki, and he’s always felt responsible for watching over him.
“Okay okay relax!” Clint responded exasperated, Nat and Steve bit back a giggle. They looked for the nearest zoo worker and asked where this magical creature would be located.
“Damn, why would they pay so much to get a video of the loser anyway” Steve spoke up as everyone in the diner was now watching intently and talking about it.
“The bathrooms right over there” Steve pointed out, Tony nodded and followed the route to the restroom. He locked the door and turned to the mirror cringing.
“Then what do I do?” Steve was a nervous wreck, he wanted nothing to do with this but here he was stuck in the middle of it. He just wanted some  extra money by working over time and instead he’s stuck with a drugged billionaire and Natasha at 3 am.
He stood up pulling out a hundred dollar bill and handed it to his waiter “I’ll take that coffee to go please” he whispered grabbing the to-go cup the other waiter handed him.
“Was it really that bad?” Tony played with the cherry from the banana split refusing to look at Jarvis.
“Can I get a black coffee please?” Tony asked a small smile on his lips as he placed a hand on his forehead in a sad attempt to stop the aching.
“Anthony Stark, son of billionaire  Howard Stark, seems to be at it again with his reckless drinking and many women” the Televisoin screen blasted, showing a video of a young man taking shot after shot and laughing with a crowd of women surrounding him.
They walked back into the apartment slowly, the uncomfortable tone of unfamiliarity filled the air. Gosh Tony felt gross, the night before playing back whenever he closed his eyes. He wanted to scrub every inch of his body a hundred times, his hand itched to get out of his own skin. He’d never wish this upon his worst enemy, to feel unwelcomed in your own body was probably one of the worst things ever.
“I don’t want to hear it Tony” he resumed to his paper work as Tony slouched his shoulders. He was 17 years old he was practically legal, but of course family image over everything else.
She shrugged getting ready to press Steve’s apartment code in. “Excuse me, Miss?” She turned mid-code to see the two men standing behind her. A part of her felt uneasy thinking about the video she just watched, yet she responded.
He began to put on the helmet Tony could have sworn he never had, and smiled. “That's great, see you on Monday”
“Look Nat don’t get me wrong, I feel bad that this happened to the kid I really do. But also I think that maybe this was the wake up call he needed.” Natasha was just exasperated at this point. She wanted to scream more than anything that this man was touched in ways no one should be touched without their consent. Instead she swallowed her lecture and nodded at the blond.
“We lost our phones and we were supposed to meet a -uh” Bruce looked at the name written messily on his palm. “Steve Rogers here”.
“Loki, now is not the time. Could you be useful for call an ambulance or something?” Thor spit, look over Loki’s surprisingly large penthouse.
“You can hardly walk on your own you won’t get far” Steve barely argued a smirk playing on his lips in excitement. Something gnawed at him in the back of his heart but ignored it.
“I don’t need your help” Tony snapped back rudely, Steve looked offended but not surprised. Of course Stark would be an asshole no matter the situation. “Sorry I didn’t mean for it to sound like that, I’m just- I just I have to go” an apology now that was unexpected.
All his life Tony was lectured by different people about one thing, the dangers of humans. He would always brush it off because were they really all that bad? He’s always enjoyed watching them do regular and strange tasks from afar. Sometimes they would just walk around laughing about nothing and sometimes they would hit something hanging from a tree with a stick. They were overall just strange but really not all that viscous or so he thought.
He turned to look at the person who’s hand belonged to and saw a rather familiar face he couldn’t place his finger on. He didn’t remember doing him, no that he would mine that man Infront of him was well very very very fine. Did he get blacked out drunk again? Why couldn’t he rembember? Why did his body hurt all over? Where is he? More importantly why does he sound like Dora talking to an audience of people? His head felt a large pound of pain.
usually look like absolute trash but this was a whole new level. He had a black eye, a busted lip, and multiple cuts and bruises covering his face and those were only his injuries. His eyes were red from the crying and his hair stuck out in  every direction.
Steve had an inner battle with himself deciding that the man could easily call someone to come get him. “You’re not worth it” Steve found himself snapping at the young man and walked back into the dinner
Tony was waiting now, waiting for them to finish him off, to kill him and hide all evidence but that time didn’t come. They started running away as a blurry figure entered through a door in the ally. Tony was saved.
They began touching him again, but this time they pulled his pants and boxers up. Were they done? Was this all they wanted? Tony was praying so but then again Tony’s life was never easy. Before Tony’s drugged brain had time to react he was pulled up off the floor by two men and was suddenly receiving punch after punch. One to the face, one to the stomach and the again. After what felt like years he was dropped to the floor only to be kicked in the ribs multiple times. The pain in his body seared as he felt bloody dripping down his mouth.
“Alright listen up asshat Tony’s not in a good place right now and I don’t want him being alone. You’re clearly not as douchey as you want people to believe. Can you just let him stay at your place till someone can come get him? Please?” something inside Steve snapped. He put himself in the strangers situation and imagined if Bucky was in Stark’s shoes. It was then that he realized that maybe he was being an ass.
“Well I did tell myself only one drink tonight, I’m not really a vodka guy though” he smiled charmingly at Britney.
“ I‘m sosososorryIdontknow howiletthathappenI’musuallysuchabetterdriverandIalwayscheckbeforeIbackupand-and”
“Tony? This isn’t Tony.” Must be a wrong number, Steve thought to himself. “I swear if you hurt a single hair on his head so help me god you will never see the light of day” he stopped himself from hanging up as this man actually sounded worried.
“Oh dear, is he dead” Loki opened his penthouse door tilting his head to the side a grimace painting his face. Bruce gave him a look of disturbance while Thor just shook his head and carried Tony.
“Let’s do it!” Bucky laughed as the all agreed to attend the zoo with Clint the following day, leading them to the greatest adventure of their summer.
He drove past Tony and Jarvis on his motorcycle leaving Tony dumbfounded and Jarvis looking as smug as ever. “Did he just?”
“No it's fine I’ve been through worse” The guilt still ate at Tony, so much for driving being his only escape.
She began watching the video from the beginning, the genius was being dragged by a group of two men and two women. Natasha furrowed her brows as the group dragged Anthony Stark to the dark alley, what they did next left Natasha speechless. What they did to him was the most disgusting thing she witnessed, his alleged sex tape was actually him being raped.
“Steve breathe I'm only kidding” Steve could hear her smirk, Natasha only jokes once in a blue moon and now just had to be one of the times “Is everything alright?” worry evident in her voice.
He carried the unconscious body easily “You’re right Nat I’ll just do this and ‘m done with it.” he was about to say something else but she stopped him.
Maybe it was the fact that Steve understood going to sleep hungry and actually took responsibility for his actions that made his hate for the rich grow. Or maybe there was an underlying jealousy, he truthfully wasn’t sure. He was sure though that both Stark men alike were horrible people.
“Real ass that Stark kid isn’t he?” The man sipping his coffee while reading the morning paper asked Steve.
“Tony!” Bruce and Thor gasped in unison. Tony would always ‘stretch the truth’ about his pain. Yet Thor and Bruce would’ve never thought he was hurt this bad.
So i tried to keep the details short and simple I didn't want to get into it too much. If you couldn't tell Tony was drugged. I had to search up date rape drugs and its very scary so please stay safe. Many drugs cause distorted sight and hearing thus explaining why Tony doesn't hear Steve or recognize him from earlier. I hope you enjoyed and leave a comment if you'd like.
“This mermaid exhibit thing is the fakest shit ever!” Natasha was just as annoyed as Clint as the took to the direction of the fish exhibit. “Oops children excuse my language. Steve you coming?” She questioned.
“Thank you, also” Steve hummed in response “don’t bring up what happened to him yesterday. Promise?”
“I’ll catch up with you guys later” he smiled receiving a raise eyebrow from Natasha, but no questioning. Instead the two nodded leaving Steve.
“Alright I’ll help him for the night” He sighed defeated “Thanks Nat” She hummed in response calling Clint.
“Knock knock” a woman with a white coat popped her head through the door. Tony sighed with relief, glad that the doctor could stall Rhodey’s ooze-fest for a little longer. “Me. Stark could I talk to you privately for a moment please?” Rhodey looked over at Tony and nodded before leaving the room. Tony didn’t like doctors, they never listened well sometimes it felt like no one ever did listen anyway.
“Well yeah it’s where my moms from so I’d like to say I know quite a bit about Italy and I’d love to learn more. Also pizza is the greatest creation ever and something tells me it tastes even better in there” they both smiled.
“Mr. Stark I noticed some things that show a signs of forced penetration…” Dr. Hill continued but all Tony could hear was a deafening silence. Silence from the night before, the disgusting feeling of being used like a toy. He was passed around like cigarette and all he could do was watch desperately trying to shout for someone, anyone but like always no one was there. Again the disgusting taste of bile rose in his throat as he rushed to the side of his bed vomiting.
Doctor Hill’s voice took Tony out of his trance, “Mr.Stark are you alright?” Dr. Hill watched with sorrow in her eyes as she knew the story behind Tony Stark’s alleged sex tapes. This, unfortunately, wasn’t her first time dealing with a victim of sexual assault.
“What do you mean? Loki this is time sensitive!” Bruce insisted, worried about the unconscious teen. Loki shrugged him off leading him to his Ferrari. Thor and Bruce looked at each other, both equally confused as to how Loki could afford such expensive things.
Steve looked over at the breathtaking gold and red scales and the scared young teen attache to them, his heart ached at the sight. He looked over the aquarium and noticed a cage over his body of water. Then like a ton of bricks it hit Steve that mermaids really were real and humans were horrible
“Yeah you would think” Tony turned around as he practically limped out the apartment as quick as his bruised body could take him. “Thanks for everything and all that”
“Yeah I just” he sniffled “I needa make a phone call” Steve nodded and gave his the phone, closing the door on the way to give the billionaire at least some privacy.
“R-Rhodey” Tony managed to utter. He inhaled and exhaled quickly, he could feel the hands on him and could feel all the pain. What he couldn’t feel was air. He felt hot, suffocated.
“Let’s do a movie tomorrow because sitting around in Thor’s room is great and all but I can’t do this all summer” Sam whined throwing his head into pillow. Everyone hummed in unison, all of them starring mindlessly at the celing. They were only on their third week of summer but they were all already going insane. Their small town had very little to offer and at this point they have hit up every theater and arcade 10 times.
“Well my mom and Howar- dad my dad I mean, they always travel. But me not so much” Steve pretendes like he didn’t noticed Tony calling his Father by his first name. Why would he call his father Howard?
“Well it’s not like anyone else is gonna use it” Tony sighed sipping his coffee. He knew his dad would be angry for whatever reason but he didn’t care really. If he got to spend time away from his ‘family’ and relax with Rhodey for even a day, he would take it. “Now hurry up and fail your exams already! I’m getting lonely” Tony smirked.
“Yes please” he responded quietly, embarrassed. Steve smiled grabbing the rubbing alcohol as Tony slipped his shirt off.
Steve brushed off his dark thoughts and continued to serve coffee to customers and take orders down as he looked at the television every now and then, something about it drew him in. He looked at the t.v again before asking a customer what they’d like. The man answered quick and simple. “Can I get a black coffee please”. He wore a baseball cap and dark sunglasses earning him a wierd look from Steve. Only two types of people wore sunglasses indoors blind people or assholes but this customer surprisingly didn’t seem like an asshole.
Steve fixed together some aspirin, water, and plain toast in hopes that he would keep it down. The faster this guy felt better the faster Steve could get rid of him. Steve turned to the TV , the news suddenly catching his attention. “Anthony Stark’s Alleged Sex Tape has been leaked”. He furrowed his brows together as the gossip channel promised to show a clip later in the day. The idea that the news would use something so private to dehumanize someone was rather disgusting but then again maybe it was also just the wakeup call Stark needed.
“Couldnt wait five seconds?” Steve asked with a bit too much sass as he made a move to help Tony up.
“I’m driving back too” Tony announced as they left the ice cream shop. Jarvis sighed with a nod as they both walked into the car. They sat there for a few minutes as Tony adjusted the rear view mirror and played his favorite CD before reversing, which was followed by a thud. “Oh my God” Tony turned off the car and rushed out quickly along with Jarvis. “Oh my God I killed Steve Rogers”  Tony’s heart began pounding in a way one could only describe as unnatural. He began losing his breathe quickly and could feel his chest burning.
“Wait a minute Nat I didn't do this” He pointed out to Anthony with his arms. Sure Steve hated the Starks, who didn't? But he would never purposely cause harm to anyone, that was just bullying and although Starks were bullies it wasn’t in Steve hand to cause them harm. “I was working and I heard a scream came out here and saw 3 guys and 2 girls on him” he rubbed the back of his neck nervously.
“Uh well Tony you passed out once we got to Loki’s then you got up and passed out again in the car“ Tony tried to listen and ignore the pounding headache but it was so hard and he just wanted to sleep. “The doctors say you’re a little dehydrated, which effected your injuries which are pretty bad Tones. You have three broken ribs and a whole bunch of other stuff. Tony why didn’t you us tell they were this bad?” Bruce’s heart ached looking down at his confused friend, he looked so small, so hurt and Bruce wanted nothing more than to comfort him. Yet Bruce knew Tony just wouldn’t allow him.
“Well I mean the tabloids portray all of you as emotionless voids I guess” Steve responds gently rubbing ointment on the cuts.
Natasha grabbed Steve’s arm her body was set a blaze with anger she dragged him to his room yanking his ear. “Steve please explain to be what the hell is going on here?” Natasha motioned to the apartment with her hands, Steve look at her, almost confused. “I’m talking about the Stark kid, genius!” Natasha held herself from smacking some sense into her dumb friend. A million thoughts ran through her head, how would she even bring this up? Everything she learned in her previous from classes not ringing a bell.
He scratched the back of his head awkwardly, “Listen I’m really sorry, do you need to go to the hospital I can pay for everything”
He couldn’t hold it in anymore a sob escaped his lips, everything escaping at once. Stark men don’t cry he tried repeating to himself but for some reason it only made the situation worse.
“Thor this line is taking forever and I want to go home” Loki whined as the summer sun poured down on the group of friends.  Thor was forced to bring his little brother who only ever had tricks up his sleeves and quite frankly gave all of Thor’s friends stress hives.
“I doubt it, but we have nothing better to do so might as well check it out” Steve spoke up, secretly hoping everyone would agree.
This chapter is short and kind of just a continuation of last chapter because I feel like it needed a little more. Also because I have so many emotions I keep writing lol. Comments are always appreciated and really inspire me!! So drop some predictions please!!
“Forget him, he sucks the fun out of everything. Even driving” Jarvis seemed as if he was contemplating joining Tony or not. He sighed shaking his head before opening the passenger seat and sitting inside.
“Mmmhmm sure. Any way did he borrow a pair of your clothes? I noticed he didn’t t have any blood on him” Natasha tried to ask as nonchalantly as she could.  She needed to know every aspect of the obvious crime.
“It’s because if they ruin him, they’ll ruin his father overall ruining Stark industries” the stranger with the glasses spoke, standing up and handing Steve a hundred dollar bill “I’ll take that coffee to go please” he almost whispered grabbing the To go cup Sam gave him and rushing out quickly.
“Yeah sorry I- why am I here?” Tony had a blurry memory of the last few hours but everything just felt like a fast forwarded scene of a cheesy movie.  Tony took in the surrounding of the hospital room, everything bland, either white or beige. The sent of antibacterial filled his nostrils only making him more sick, Tony hates hospitals.
“Yes Clint. I know what time it is. No I don’t care. Yes just hurry” She hung up turning to Steve “Just try to wake him up don’t be so uptight” She punched his arm noticing how tense he is. “I’ll be in the diner, don’t worry once he wakes up he’s no longer your problem” Steve forced a small smile and nodded.
Tony’s hands twitched as he looked at his pants, his heart began racing.  He pulled his pants down quickly to attempt making it better, it only made it worse oh so so much worse. Suddenly Tony felt like he was defenseless, immobile, he felt like he was back in the ally. Breathing suddenly became difficult, this I how I’m going to die, I’m going to die I can’t breathe; played over and over in his head. They won’t stop touching him, roaming his body, he doesn’t want it. He gasped and gasped tears running down his face. Breathe breathe breathe. A sound, a distraction, a knock caught his attention but it was the voice that brought him back to reality. “Hey are you alright?” he suddenly realized where he was and caught his breathe, breathing heavily.
“Why does it matter Natasha! I did what I had to do to help and now I’m done. Hopefully I’ll never have to come across that excuse of a human again!” He shouted his ears turning red and that’s when Natasha smacked him upside the head. Steve’s heart was pounding so quick in his chest he thought it might burst, he felt like such an idiot. To think that someone as rich and intelligent as Tony Stark wouldn’t be a complete ass. “Ouch!”
“Your mom is she doing better?” Clint asked wrapping his apron around himself and getting ready to lunch rush hour.
“Its a long story but our friend Tony, he’s there and he needs us” Natasha gave a tight smile and nodded. She didn’t not trust them but she has a gut feeling they weren’t lying so she lead them to Steve’s apartment.
Tony started to get up off the curb despite every joint in his body protesting. “Wait! Wait! Anthony!” He cringed, he hated that name. I’m reminded him of bad times. He turned to see the waiter from the night before, the man who saved his life, and who was also a complete ass. What a package deal. Well it’s not like Tony didn’t deserve it, he did, just sometimes he wished people wouldn’t be so quick to judge him.
“Im Thor and this is my lovely friend Bruce” Bruce smiled and waved. Natasha giggled as she unlocked Steve’s apartment with her spare key.
“Excuse me?” Steve was getting ready to hang up. He wanted nothing to do with this. Anthony Stark finally got his damn wake up call and for some reason Steve had to be thrown into the mix. “To be quite honest I really don’t care what happens to Anthony Stark, I didn’t sign up for billionaire babysitting.”
“Nothing I can’t handle at this point” Steve laughed. He began cleaning Tony’s abdomen and pretended like his face wasn’t burning bright red. Tony acted like he didn’t notice the man infront of him going from white to red in five seconds, he did smile though.
“Don’t get me wrong I don’t wanna sound bratty. It’s fun most of the time..” Steve listened genuinely interested “like you get free things even though you could obviously afford it, you get all the things you’d like, well materialistic things,” Tony mumbled the last part, Steve still heard. “and the parties are pretty nice.” Tony grew distracted by Steve’s hands gently wiping away the blood from his shirtless body.  The hands were gentle surprisingly not sending him back to the day before.
Steve watched his face intently. His eyes were red, he had been crying. His lips cut open again and blood spilt from their perfect shape. A black eye adorned his brown eyes, some how making them stand out even more. “Just come on” Steve let his hand out and for some reason Tony took it, and he liked the way Steve’s hand fit in his.
He placed the toast with a side of butter and coffee. “I didn’t order this” the customer looked up confused.
“Hey do you have anything I can patch up myself with?” Steve looked at him feeling dumb for not offering that earlier, he nodded quickly. He rushed to grab the first aid kit from the kitchen counter. “Thanks” Steve was stupidly surprised by how often Tony thanked him, he thought billionares took everything with out thanks. Steve was going to leave to give Tony some privacy before he noticed him struggling.
“No Tony, it is okay? It is a big deal!” Rhodey held tony tightly, rocking back and forth. “You have to realize that you can’t just shrug everything off Tones. Why won’t you just accept help?” poor Rhodey there’s no way of getting better after this. Tony almost laughed, instead he nodded as Rhodey led him to the prison of a hospital bed.
“How far are you from the diner” Steve asked knowing the whole situation would be easier to explain in person.
“Tony you know you can tell me anything right? I just want what’s best for you” Bruce prodded him, putting his hand on Tony’s.
“It’s Tony” he smirked walking inside, Jarvis following. “The usual?” Tony looked over at Jarvis who nodded. “Hi ca-“ Tony looked down from the menu and made a strange noise and became an impossibly dark shade of red. Jarvis followed Tony’s eyes and smirked.
“Oh god that was real?” Tony whispered through pouted lips. His heart raced at the thought of everything he had been through and the last 24 hours. Tony’s chest ached it felt like everything he’s been through was sitting on his chest, mocking him. He didn’t feel like himself, he wouldn’t wish that upon his worst enemy
“Oh Tony don’t you dare move. I’ll be there as soon as possible, Thor and Banner are already there send me an address now”
“Look Steve I know a lot more than you and let’s just keep it at that.” she slipped the usb into her pocket biting her lip.  Natasha looked around the room her eyes landing on an open first aid kit, she tilted her head to the side. “How bad were his injuries?” Her criminology major got the best of her as she wanted to know every detail in relation to last nights occurrence.
“Bye Tony, stay safe. I’ll call you as soon as I’m on the way” Tony smiled again and hung up the phone. He kicked his shoes off, set his half dranken from  cup of coffee on the counter, and threw himself on the bed. He thought to himself about the people in the diner, about what the said. He tried not to let it get to him, but truthfully he couldn’t stop thinking about for the rest of the day.
“Yeah Tony about that, we have a slight problem. We may have accidentally lost our phones and wallets”  Thor sheepishly scratched the back of his neck.
Steve nervously ran his hand over his face noticing just how bad the damages were to the unconscious young man, “Im sorry Nat did I wake you up? it's not that important it can wait- well it cant wait- but I-I”
“It was nothing Rhodey I just got mugged” Tony’s voice felt thick, pained. Silent streams slipped through his eyes. Flashbacks of last night replaying over and over, he was on the verge of having a panic attack.
This was the perfect opportunity Steve thought to himself and within five minutes he found the closed exhibit. Yet he had no way of getting in. “Through the back door buddy” he jumped nearly 10 feet in the air before looking up to see Loki just chilling in a tree while Peter just grinned at him and waved. He nodded at Loki thankfully and snuck through the backdoor. Steve didn’t know why but he had to know about the mermaid even if it was just one of his classmates dressed in an Ariel costume.
“Yeah I am” he sat up slowly as Jarvis gave him a handkerchief to wipe the blood from his face, he nodded 'thank you'
“I’ll go get you some aspirin and water if it’ll help you leave quicker” Tony didn’t nod for his mind was far away, the memories of the night before playing over and over. At quite frankly he felt unwelcomed and speeding up the process as quickly as possible would help. Tony assumed that the waiter from the day before has finally recognized him and like everybody else in the world hates him.
It took Steve about 10 minutes of halfass cleaning the fryer before the guilt finally got to him. He still believed that Anthony Stark needed a wake up call but maybe just not like this. He would just check up to see if he was still there and if he was he would call the police and it would be the end of this whole situation. And if he wasn't there it would be alot easier for Steve to go on with his life. Steve sighed exiting the kitchen as the lights breeze of Brooklyn air hit him, along with the realization that he really didn't know what to do as his eye came upon Anthony Stark’s Body. His body completely still as only his chest rose and fell slowly.  “Son of a bitch” his hands acted before his brain could as he called Natasha, she was the only one who would know what to do in this type of situation. Sam would only laugh at the irony of everything, Bucky would be freaking out about his finals, and well Clint would suggest leaving him there and Steve didn't think that was too bad of an idea himself.
“Before you point you’re unmoisturized hand at me, I surprisingly have nothing to do with this.” Loki looked up from him magazine. “Besides it was probably one of those greedy little nurses. They act like they’re on ‘Greys anatomy’.” Loki continued sneering slightly at a nurse walking by.
Tony wanted to scream and push his the stranger away but he couldn’t, he could only let out a slurred “stop” but no one besides the man could hear. The girl, Britney, watched and joined him, she didn’t ask about Tony only conversed with the man dragging him. He only could hear bit and pieces as if he was sticking his head in jello.
“Hey honey” Tony smiled walking aimlessly. “How many finals do you have left?” Tony asking getting straight to the point.
“Rhodey I-” Tony struggled to explain , his throat feeling dry. Every part of him wanted to tell Rhodey all the terrors he’s endured but he knew he shouldn’t. So instead he did what he did best, fake it. He just couldn’t bring himself to seem weak, scratch that he couldn’t be weak. He ignored the emotion despertly trying to escape his lips, “I don’t- it’s really not a big deal Rhodey“
“Oh so you saw the famous stark abs in person, were they everything you ever wanted and more?” Natasha tried to make light of the moment, she never liked to keep it too gloomy. Steve thought back to the billionaire’s bare torso as blood rushed to his face. Despite the attitude Steve couldn’t help but stare at his surprisingly amazing carved abs.
“J let’s go” he called grabbing the car keys as Jarvis seemingly popped out from thin air behind him. He left the house quickly before his father could be bothered anymore, shoving his body in the driver's seat quickly. Rhodey had let us him take his car for a spin at school a while back, he's also been sneakingly taking one of Howard's older cars for a spin every now and then, and he's been dying to finally get his hands on his license.
“Sorry just” Tony choked slightly, “I just uh bad milk I-I guess”. Tony lied quickly hoping desperately that the doctor wouldn’t notic.  God he looked so stupid. He really did deserve it, all of it.
“Well I took a class on date rape drugs and all that and well the way his body is reacting points to him being drugged” Her face remained completely neautral.To be honest in Steve's eyes she was the Hermoine of their friends, always on top of her work, and always correct.
“Back off Justin, it’s not happening ” Rhodey spoke up on Tonys behalf. As the whole group watched the tension persist.
Shall we?” Bruce kept his arm around Tony as Thor led the way, neither of them believing tony was actually alright. Yet rather than digging into they let it slide this time. Tony attempted to drown out Steve’s hurtful word by focusing on his injuries, but instead that only left him sore
“Peter is feeling neglected, Steve. If he’s acting out, that’s why. Please, try to spend some time with him. He really needs it.” Stephen says. “Trust me.” Steve looks guilty and suddenly feels awful. His poor baby boy must have felt so alone after he broke his promise not to play. No wonder he opened the front door even when he knew he is not allowed to.
“Your Daddies can come with you on the ride upstairs, but then we gotta say bye bye to them for a little while, okay? You’ll see them super soon, I promise.”
Vis frowns softly at what Tony is saying, his heart aching in his chest for the whole family, but Peter most of all.
“Okay.” Wanda agrees. She darts into her room to go find something to wear and picks out her purple leggings with candy corn and black cats on them, thinking of Halloween. She manages to get dressed, albeit struggling a little bit, then grabs one of her plastic magic wands. Maybe Peter will want to play Cinderella and she can be a fairy godmother.
Within a few minutes, the double doors to the ER slams open and Steve and Tony are rushing in. Steve immediately cups Peters face, while Tony examines the cast. They had promised each other in the car ride over that they would not panic so as not to scare their baby boy, but neither can stand to see their little boy in pain. At the sight of his Daddies finally arriving and rushing over to him, Peter starts crying again and uses his good arm to try and cling to them.
“I thought I got cursed. And I was sad I didn’t, ‘cause then I could kiss a prince and he would save me. But, I got all icky and messy. M’gross. And bad.” She is slurring her words a bit because she is so tired and sick, but she is trying her best. “The prince won’t wanna kiss me. I had an accident, so I’m not a princess anymore.”
“Honey, it’s okay that you need one.” Steve says soothingly. “You’re still my big boy. You just need a little help, and that’s okay. You can still be big and a princess, okay? C’mere.” He pulls Peter onto his lap. “I know you don’t always like it, but it’s what’s best for you.”
Wanda listens carefully and nods. It makes sense, at least a little. Even if she cannot comprehend it all on her own, she knows her Daddy knows everything.
“You just listen, love, we’ll read to you.” Tony says softly and gently makes Wanda close her eyes. “You wanna do the bear’s lines, Papa?” Tony asks his husband, moving the book over so that they can both see.
Peter considers for a bit. He feels a bit sick to his stomach and his arm feels weird and numb in a way, but he is not hurting. He gives the doctor a thumbs up with his good hand. Tony and Steve watch a little anxiously as Stephen assess Peter’s condition.
“You wanna be a princess, baby?” Steve smiles as he towels the boy off. “You can be a princess. Do you want your Elsa pyjamas? We’ve gotta get you dressed before you can watch your show again.” He keeps Peter wrapped in the towel and carries him to his room. “Lie down so Papa can get you changed and then we can go back out, princess.”
“Pooh.” Peter smiles and cuddles up to the stuffie as much as he can without moving his bad arm. The boy whines a little when the doctor and nurse start fussing over him again, but he sighs in relief when Thomas takes the oxygen mask off. Wanda watches in fascination as Stephen and Thomas set everything up, including the monitors and IV bags. The monitor reminds Wanda of a TV, but it only has weird lines on it and a bunch of numbers that do not make any sense to her.
“Honey, you’re doing great. You’re okay. Just keep still, it’s almost over and then you can have whatever you want.” Steve glances at Tony and then says quietly. “This is gonna be a fun day.”
Peter blushes a little at all the praise and looks shyly up at his Daddy before lowering his gaze to his cast again.
When his Papa starts explaining, Peter turns his focus that way. Things are starting to make sense now. At least in a way.
“No! You can be the knights and fight the scary dragons. ‘Cause you’re brave.” To her, they are the bravest in the world. When she and Peter are sick and sad and scared, they are always there to make it better. “Can you be my knight, Daddy? There’s scary stuff everywhere. And I can fight too.” She stands up on her seat and waves her arm. “Like that. That’s what I do when someone hurts me. And Peter. Someone...” she suddenly worries again about her brother. “Oh no. Peter. Gotta help him, Daddy.”
“You’re so brave, bud! You’re the best patient by far.” Stephen praises once the boy falls still, which allows the doctor to attach the tubing to the IV. But, Peter is not really listening and is only interested in moping and being sad. At least the pain disappears fairly quickly now that he is getting a steady drip with morphine.
“Yeah, she made a card for you.” Steve says. “And you know what? You're going to get to go pick out a new toy to play with when we leave. Remember how I told you that? And we're all gonna watch Ponyo together.”
“On it.” Tony says and gets out a chopping board and knife. He scoffs softly at the idea of them being in the ER right now. That would be a nightmare. “Like Sam or Bucky? I mean, they don’t have Littles of their own so I don’t know of they would be able to handle them both.” Tony muses as he begins chopping the onion.
Peter nods. A nap does sound good and he feels a little better with Stephen there comforting him. He closes his eyes and whispers.
Peter continues to fight for a bit longer and even hits Tony’s chest lightly, but then he settles a little and continues to whimper. He is so exhausted and frustrated that Stephen even adds another drug that will sooth his anxiety. While Tony calms Peter, Steve goes to fix the juice bottle as promised.
“Can you say hi, honeybee?” Tony asks Peter. “Say hi to the nurse. He brought lots of nice things for us.”
“No bath, busy.” Peter argues with his thumb still in his mouth and points to the TV with his eyes. Wanda is still dozing on the sofa and does not really have the energy to demand bath time and attention from her Papa. She coughs a little lazily before sighing and curling up a little more where she is laying under the blanket that Tony draped over her. Steve thinks about it for a moment, then relents.
Nodding a little sadly, Tony leans over the bed to cup Peter’s cheeks and kisses his forehead once and then twice.
“And you know what else is cool, sweetheart? You can write on your cast! You could get your friends at daycare to sign it and you can draw pictures on it too. Doesn't that sound neat?” Tony keeps his tone upbeat. “All we have to do is stay just a little longer and then you'll have your blue cast and feel all better.”
“There. Your first signature.” Tony says, capping the marker. “How’s your arm, honey?” He asks, touching Peter’s fingers lightly. “Is it feeling okay? I think you look like you’re healing pretty well. I bet Stephen will be happy.”
“Thank you for coming, Stephen. You can just head upstairs. Tony’s just about done giving Wanda a bath.” Steve says with a smile before he gives Peter a stern look. “You know you’re absolutely not supposed to open the door by yourself, Peter. Do we need to sit down and have a little talk? That was very naughty.”
“You were such a good boy, sweetheart. So good, Daddy's so proud of you.” Peter hears his Daddy say through the speakers and he calms down a little, but a few tears still escape from his eyes. When he gets wheeled out of the machine and Tony comes into view, Peter finally starts crying properly since seeing his Daddies in the other ER.
“Come on, princess. Let’s have a pop. You seem a bit quiet today. You okay, baby?” Steve asks, holding his hand out to help Wanda up from the floor.
“There will be some pain since it’s surgery, but it can easily be managed with pain relief. He might have to stay overnight tomorrow as well if the doctor thinks that is necessary.” The nurse explains a little quietly. Peter is quite distracted with how Tony is feeding him, but Thomas still keeps his voice down. “As for daycare, you’ll have to see when he feels up for it, but we do recommend that he should be on mostly bedrest for a week following the surgery.”
“I don' like being icky.” Wanda mumbles. She likes to take care of people when they are feeling sick, not the other way around. She feels sad suddenly and asks. “Can Peter and me still play together? I said I was gonna show him hopscotch, Papa. I promised. I can be not icky anymore. I'll try really hard.” She is getting a little more antsy now, squirming to try and make herself comfortable, her breath coming in short little pants and her voice sounding more and more like a whimper. “I'll try, Papa. I promise. I'll get better and I won't be icky anymore.”
“We’ll have a pyjama day on the sofa and watch movies all day, right?” Tony says, bouncing Wanda in his arms. The girl perks up at that. Watching movies with Daddy all day does sound fun.
“I know you wanna play, I know. You'll be well enough to play again soon, but I really just want you to rest and be careful with your arm right now.” Tony says softly. “Can you drink a little bit of water for me, baby? I don't want you to get thirsty. We can read a story if you want, would that make you feel better? Any story you like.”
“No.” Wanda protests, knowing at least they are talking about her. “Am not fussy, Papa. Wanna watch with Peter.”
“Sleepy now. Wanna cuddle. Come on, Daddy.” She is ready to get back to how things are supposed to be with her feeling happy and content and safe.
“How cool isn’t this, huh? Rolling around in bed and not having to get up at all.” Steve points out to Peter while he walks next to him, his hand held out for the boy to hold onto.
“I doubt it’s a curse, baby.” Tony laughs and kisses Wanda’s forehead. “But, let’s check your temp and get you some medicine. Cuddle with Papa and I’ll be right back, okay?” He suggests, giving the girl another kiss before gently passing her over to lay down with Steve. Then, Tony gets up from the bed and heads to the bathroom to find a thermometer.
Steve and Tony follow them, anxious to get to spend some alone time with Peter. When Stephen and Thomas finally get him into his private room, Tony grabs Pooh and lays him right next to Peter.
“He’s okay.” Stephen assures Tony. “The surgery went fine, but we do want to see him back to make sure there are no complications. You can go in and see him now if you want. He was excellent, very brave and good.”
“Daddy.” Wanda squirms around. “Can I get out now? I have to.” She explains to Peter. “So I can get better and be happy again. And I need a prince. Who’s your prince?”
“Nap.” Peter decides fairly quickly and goes to lay down. It is odd to say the least, not only considering it is past 6 pm, but also that Peter never asks for naps. Stephen agrees in an instant.
“Peter!” Steve calls after him. “Baby what are you-“ He gives up and does not get a chance to finish.
“As long as we’re quiet, okay? I want your sister to get some rest. We don’t want fussy babies tonight.” He teases that last bit. “Go pick a story, angel. We can all cuddle together.”
“Wanda, love, come sit with me.” He prompts, patting his thigh to invite the girl over. They really need to talk. Obediently, Wanda gets up and goes over to sit on his lap. She does not want to meet his eyes, worried that she is about to be scolded—and maybe she deserves it after how fussy she has been.
“I love you too.” Tony whispers, hugging him close. They stay there like that for a good few minutes until Wanda comes in with a blanket tightly wrapped around herself and her lips pursed together until she sees her brother.
“Ponyo.” He parrots, also very much liking the idea of getting to pick out a new toy, but right now what he wants most is to cuddle with Wanda. “Cu’le?” He asks, pointing to his sister. To be honest, Steve is not too keen on the idea since he is afraid that Wanda will accidentally hurt Peter and holds the girl a little tighter.
“Okay. You see that, Peter? You get to wear a cool dress from the hospital.” Tony says encouragingly. As soon as his little boy is changed he gets him into the hospital gown and settles him back into bed.
“No, but you know that Littles can get excited. And that they’re breakable. And that I’m a mother hen and most definitely worrying too much.” Tony rolls his eyes in spite of himself. “But, I’ll worry about him anyway. One of us has to be the freak out person around here, right? And it has to be me. I can’t be the calm one.”
“Yeah, he's babbling. Sleepy baby.” Steve says affectionately. “You'll feel better soon.”                                        Peter notices when they get off the elevator and his eyes widen a little bit.
“I know you want to go home, honeybee, but we have to stay here just a little bit longer.” Tony tells him. “So the doctors can take care of you and make your owie better. Then we can go home, okay? I promise.”
“Oh, baby girl, of course you can!” Steve says easily, smiling up at the girl where he is crouched down in front of her. “Accidents are no fun, I totally get that. But, Daddy and I are here to help, so you should always come tell us when it happens, okay? Then we can help you and you’ll find your prince.” He says confidently.
“That's right.” Steve says. “You two will get plenty of chances to play together at daycare once we're in the clear, but for now we want to make sure that you both stay healthy and don't get anyone else sick. Peter, say bye-bye to your sister.” He waves as an example. “You are both gonna have a really nice day, all right? Promise.”
“Papa stay.” Peter says simply without looking up at Steve when he speaks. He looks at his socked feet instead, rubbing them together as he thinks of other ways to delay his Papa from going upstairs to go to his sister, again. Wanda has been icky for way too long and Peter has a hard time processing it along with how little attention he is getting from his Daddies. Steve looks confused for a moment, then starts to understand just a little bit.
“Frozen!” Peter parrots and kicks his feet back and forth happily. Seeing his bigger sister always makes him so happy. But, before he can think of which princess he wants to be when playing with Wanda, Tony pops a pacifier in his mouth and sets him down on the bed a bit away from Wanda.
“I’m afraid we have to check your temperature at least once a day to know if you’re getting better, love. I know it’s no fun, but we have to do it.” Stephen says. As much as he loves Littles and wants to praise and love them all the time, he will not budge on the medical aspects. They just have to be done, even if it upsets a Little. “But, you were so brave for your Daddies. I know cause they told me. You’re being a really good patient, you know. The best I’ve ever had.” The doctor adds, taking a positive turn on the whole conversation in the hopes of Wanda seeing just how brave she is being.
“Okay, let’s get you ready for bed and then say good night to your brother.” Tony says, letting Wanda get away with not finishing her dinner this time. Steve and he can clean up the table later. Setting Wanda on his hip, Tony heads upstairs to the bathroom to help the girl get ready for bed. They pass Peter’s bedroom on the way and hear Steve reading to him. Wanda waves to Peter as they pass his room and blows him a kiss.
“It’s been a while since he got pain relief at Central, so it must have worn off now. I’ll give him another dose or something a bit stronger. He really looks overtired and in need of a rest.” Stephen says as he goes to fix a dose of morphine in a syringe. He then injects it into the saline bag hanging up on a pole by the boy’s bed before connecting the tubing to the IV in the boy’s hand. Or at least tries to.
“You're such a good boy, Peter!” Tony praises him. “We're so proud of you. What do you want to do now, honeybee? You can rest or read stories or colour. Whichever one you want. We'll be right here with you.”
“Yeah, you can draw and write on it. I bet your sister would love that.” Stephen smiles behind the mask. “Okay, we’re gonna start now, Petey, and for the magic to work, we need to fall asleep. And we’re gonna get help from a mask like this to have nice dreams.” Stephen explains, showing the clear anaesthesia mask to Peter so that hopefully he will not be scared of it.
“Yep, and I think she needs a nap. You wanna put her down? I’ll call Stephen.” Steve stands and kisses Wanda on the forehead. “It’s probably your brothers nap-time too.” He knows that Peter has been fussy too, and he silently wonders if he is going to put up a fight about nap time. Not that he could blame his poor baby with how stressful the last few days have been. Wanda stays limp across Tony’s lap.
“I will. It’s just scary dreams sometimes. I think everyone has scary dreams, right? Papa told me so. It’s just not scary when you’re there.” She reaches out to touch the book, fingers brushing against the spine. “Chapter four.”
“Sleepy. Go night night now. Papa n' Dada… Outside.” The whole world is becoming a little hazier now. He barely has the energy left to cry anymore. “Stephen, m' tired.”
Behind the double doors, Stephen and Thomas bring Peter to pre OP and wheel the bed onto a little ward that works as a waiting room for the ORs.
“For once. We all know I have a better sense of style than you.” Tony jokes, laughing when Steve playfully swat his arm. “Thanks again, Thomas. I guess we’ll be needing this for the night.” He grabs a diaper and some other supplies so he can change Peter. He goes slowly, not wanting to accidentally hurt his head or his arm.
“Dada?” Peter asks quietly. “Gonna lose my arm? Doesn’t work, Papa.” He adds, trying to flex his fingers on his hurt arm, but can barely do so before he cries in pain.
Wanda has been struggling with having her brother gone and the fact that she gets to be around Vis is the only thing that has been consoling her a little bit. She got to make a pretty card for her brother at least. On the car ride over to the hospital she stays quiet, holding it in her lap.
“Pups now. Let’s go. Thank you for being a good boy.” Steve carries him back and sets him down in front of the TV so he can watch another episode. “Okay, Wanda. Your turn.”
“Wan’a!” Peter hurries over to Wanda when he sees her big sister. He passes her the giraffe in an effort to make her feel better. “I kiss better, then we go.” He decides with a determined nod.
“Yeah, we’ll all go downstairs and sign it. I saw that you guys left the markers by the dinner table.” Steve says, taking Wanda’s hand to bring both the Littles downstairs. Steve sets Peter down and then pulls out a chair for Wanda too. “Can you put your blankie aside and then we’ll colour together?” Steve asks kindly.
“Thank you. You should come by sometime, I’m sure he’d love to see you.” Tony offers. “I’m going to stay home with him for a little while after this. They don’t want him playing in daycare again just yet, and I’m glad about that to tell you the truth. Wanda, did you say thank you to Vis for taking care of you?”
“Your Daddy is right.” Stephen agrees. “I'd never do anything to hurt you, Peter. You just hold onto Pooh for me. Do some deep breaths for us.”
“Doctor Strange? MRI three is ready.” A nurse informs and Stephen thanks her before turning to Peter.
“Honestly, yes. He’s still on the drugs right now. Recovery is always the worst. One of us is gonna have to stay home with him. At least Wanda can go to daycare, but he’s gonna need a lot of help. Poor thing.” Steve shakes his head. “Let’s just hope he’s not in too much pain.”
“Don't go. I love you. Don't go. Goodnight, Daddy. I mean good afternoon. It's not night night yet. But it will be, 'cause it's dark when I close my eyes.” Tony chuckles softly at Wanda’s fever induced babbling and just pats her back.
“That's true.” Tony considers. “Okay, how about you or I take Peter first and then we can take Wanda after? Then we can handle them one at a time. We can space it out by a few hours or so. That should give us time to comfort Peter or get him down for a nap if he gets upset.”
With Steve’s help, Tony gets Wanda in a comfortable position on his lap and pulls down her pyjamas and princess panties.
“I bet Darcy will make nice pictures.” Wanda says, slurring and stammering with her words a little bit, as she often does. “At daycare. She’s a good drawer, Peter.”
When he hears Steve speaks, Peter opens his eyes and rubs at them with his good hand. The pain medication has kicked in properly, making him a little drowsy, but comfortable.
“Thank you!” He then passes the lollipop over to his Papa for him to remove the plastic wrapping and then pops the treat into his mouth.
“Yep. We’re here overnight. But, it’s okay. We’re just having a little sleepover, aren’t we? Peter, Daddy, Papa, and Pooh Bear.” Tony says. “Here, let me change him first and then I think he’d like some cuddles.”
“Yup, it’s time to sleep now and the mask will help with that. Let’s try it.” Stephen says, lowering the mask to Peter’s face, but not pressing it on him yet. “You’ll have really nice dreams and then you’ll see your Daddies.” He adds reassuringly while he strokes the boy’s cheek with his gloved hand.
Peter closes his eyes, suddenly feeling himself start to grow sleepier and sleepier by the moment. He mumbles out something incomprehensible before his body goes slack and he drifts off completely.
“I under-understand. I hurt, Daddy. I gotta go potty and I feel sick and I don’t want you to get tired of me and I don’t want a spanking ‘cause I hate the doctor.” It all comes out in a rush. “Do you still love me? I love you, I promise!”
“Thank you for showing me.” Tony says, taking it from Peter so he can help put it back on him. “Do you want to tell me why you took it off? You know Stephen told you that you have to keep it on. That's the rule.” He knows Peter is little and does not always know better, but a little reminder never hurt. “Do you understand or no?”
“Shhh, baby, it’s all over now. Daddy's here, Daddy's got you. It's all done. You did such a good job. Shhh, shhh, it’s okay. I'm so proud of you, baby.”
“Ice c’eam.” The boy slurs, patting Steve’s shoulder for emphasis on the urgency of the matter. Setting the thermometer aside, Tony pulls Wanda’s pyjamas and underwear back up before gently picking her up into his arms.
At least the x-rays are much faster and less stressful without all the loud noises, but Peter is still a bit impatient and just wants to go home already. But, before he knows it, he is back in Tony’s arms and Stephen is giving him a lollipop.
“That’s right, baby!” Steve says proudly. “That’s a giraffe. What a smart boy you are knowing your animals. How many legs does he have? Can you count with Papa?” He takes it slow, pointing to each leg on the toy as he speaks. “One, two, three, four. Can you count to four?”
“Okay.” Peter nods and suddenly remembers that Pooh is still in his room. He really misses his best friend. At the mention of his name, Thomas pops his head up from where he was sat at the nurses’ station in the recovery room and heads over.
“You’re being so brave for me, baby.” And then, the thermometer beeps softly and Tony pulls it out gently to inspect the reading. “It’s a moderate fever, so let's get her some ibuprofen.” Tony tells Steve before getting up to throw away the plastic cover.
“I can take medicine!” She perks up. “Can I have my Hello Kitty sippy, Daddy?” If she gets juice she will no put up too much of a fight about taking medicine. “And I wanna sit on your lap. All day. Only cuddles.”
“I think I could really use your help, Peter.” Stephen says kindly. “Want to be my doctor assistant for a little while? It’s a very important job.” Steve decides to let the door opening thing go, for now, and ruffles Peters hair.
Peter giggles when Wanda offers her hand and kisses it sweetly before clapping his hands, thinking they achieved something great.
“Yeah! For Peter.” T girl says happily. She pulls Steve downstairs with her so they can go find Peter. He is sitting with Tony, who is making dinner and has some Disney songs turned on to entertain him. Wanda waves her magic wand around and asks. “Wanna be Cinderella? I cast a magic spell on you, Peter. But, a good one. Not a bad one.”
“Do you have any questions for me? I know the doctor spoke to you a while ago, but some more might have popped up since.”
Concussion, that is a very grown up word and Peter has no idea what it means. But, his Daddies sound worried and he guesses that it is about him.
“He’s really pretty and he kisses me and he takes me to magic parties. And I get a tiara. Peter can live in the castle too. He could be a princess. And you, Daddy. And Papa. And then we’ll live happily ever after.” She kicks her legs sighing dreamily. “It’s gonna be really good. And no rules. Except to be happy. And no timeouts. Or thermators.”
“Here we go.” Steve comes back with a bottle and picks Peter up. “We’re going to go cuddle now and then it’s bedtime, baby boy. Say night night.”
“You're doing great, Peter.” Stephen praises him as he starts up the machine and Peter is moved into the machine. “So, so well. Wait just a minute, you're doing fine.”
Peter frowns at the mention of temperature checking, which he is getting really sick of. He would not mind if Doctor Stephen did it though, because then he could get another sticker and lollipop. But, at the mention of TV time, Peter nods and points to the screen.
“Thanks, Stephen.” Tony says, grateful. “Come on, baby boy. Let’s go.” He sends a quick text to Steve letting him know where to meet them and takes Peter upstairs to the room that he has been given. It is much more quiet and calm here and the Little friendly decor in the private room makes it almost cozy. “Let’s get you changed, huh, baby? That’ll make you feel better.”
“Okay, baby girl, two small pills and then cuddles with Daddy. Can you sit up for me?” Tony asks and Stephen slips a hand under Wanda’s back to help her into a sitting position.
“Yeah, they’re sleepy. And soon you’re gonna be sleepy too, when it’s dark outside. Do you want to take a nap now, baby?” Steve brushes Peter’s hair away from his forehead. “I can put you two in bed.”
“He sure has.” Steve says proudly. “He’s been a very brave little boy, but I think he needs to rest now. I’m definitely glad to see you. Thank you for dropping by, we’d like to settle him in as fast as possible if we’re spending the night.”
“Our little baby...” Tony says quietly and Steve nods in agreement. “He’ll be okay, he’ll be okay.” Steve comforts.
Half an hour passes and suddenly the doorbell rings. Peter perks up on the sofa and debates what to do. He knows that only Daddies are allowed to open the door, but they are too busy with his dumb sister anyway. And maybe the one behind the door is giving out free cookies, so Peter pads to the front door and after some struggling, he manages to unlock it and open it.
Tony feels his heart swell at finally having a calm moment with his family, and most importantly that Wanda seems content. When she curls up towards his side, he continues reading till the end of the page before passing the book over to Steve to set aside.
“Here... Fix it, Dada...” Peter says and points to his left forearm. The area has started swelling a lot and there are bruises that are starting to show up too.
“Okay, Daddy.” Wanda sighs. She rarely puts up a real fight, though she finds herself curious as to what would happen if she did. “I’ll be good now, Daddy. Can I be bad tomorrow? Or on Sunday.”
“Am brave?” He asks, just to be sure his Daddy is telling the truth. Tony strokes the boy’s hair and whispers.
“Yay! I love dinos.” Thomas grins, taking the mask with the dino pattern. Both the doctor and nurse put the masks on and then wash their hands before putting on gloves. A moment later, one of the double doors open and a scrubs nurse comes out.
“You gonna nap too, princess?” He asks Wanda quietly. The girl shakes her head no, even though she is tired. She did not sleep the night before because she was so worried.
“Okay, we’re here.” Stella announces from the driver’s seat and parks the ambulance before hopping out to open the double doors in the back. Peter whines a little when the gurney starts moving and clutches Pooh to his chest.
“I do think you spending some time with him would be good.” Tony agrees. “Thank you, Steve. They’re upstairs, by the way. Playing with dolls, last I heard. I think it’s a wedding or a prom or something.”
“You’re so sweet, darling, thank you.” Tony smiles, his heart swelling at the compliment and gives the girl a good kiss on her cheek. He straightens up then and puts the hairbrush back. “Peter’s a bit too little for that, I’m afraid. You could try braiding it though.” Tony says, ushering the girl over to the toilet so that they can complete the bedtime routine.
“Wheels. Is fast, Papa. Round.” Peter uses his other hand to make circle motions. He has been learning his shapes in daycare, and he is very proud to show them off. “Circle is round.” He points down to one of the tiles on the floor, meaning to say ‘square’, but gets it all mixed up. “Tri-triangle.”
“Hey, hey, it’s all right.” Steve says in an instant, coming over to Wanda. Peter drops his crayon and looks at his sister with wide eyes. Before he can get upset too, Tony comes in and scoops the boy up into his arms, bringing him to the kitchen. “What’s going on, princess?” Steve asks gently, moving the chair Wanda is sat on so that they can face each other and crouches down in front of her.
“Hi.” Peter replies a little shyly, eyeing Stephen a little. The doctor is familiar of course, but he is wearing different clothes, so Peter studies him with his eyes as he gets wheeled into the hospital. The boy fusses a bit more with the straps again and looks around to try and spot his Daddies to make sure they are still with him.
“I love you too, sweetheart.” Steve says back, chuckling softly at how eagerly the girl threw her arms around him. “And I won’t tell anyone. This is our secret.” He says, emphasising his point by zipping his lips shut. “Can you be a brave girl now and find some new leggings to wear in your closet? Then I’ll fix these and come join you.” He says, gesturing to the clothes in the bathtub. He will have to get them washed right away to save them.
With the clear to go from Steve, Peter heads up the stairs, climbing the steps on all fours, and then pads into his room. Looking at his little bookshelf, he finds ‘The Book about Moomin, Mymble and Little My’, which is one of his favourites with how the pages morph into one another with the artwork and holes in the pages. He returns to Steve and presents the book with a gleeful smile.
“I guess I’m a horse today, huh? I’ll carry you where you need to go. And I guess we should go find some markers and crayons.” He carries Peter to the living room and pulls out their colouring supplies.
“She's about five, but sometimes she acts younger. She's just good at filling her big sister role. We left her with a babysitter for the night, but we'll see if he takes her for another. Maybe we can see if she can video chat with Peter later on too.” He thinks that would definitely cheer Peter up.
“Okay, Daddy. I help.” Wanda likes to think of herself as a good helper even if she is too Little to do anything beyond fairly basic tasks. “Then movies. And play. And then we go find my prince.” She figures he has to be out there somewhere. “Maybe he’s at the park.”
“Daddy, am I ever gonna get better? I don't think princesses get sick this long, 'cause they have to run their kingdoms and I can't do that when I'm icky. You have to.” And, Wanda thinks, she should no be giving princess responsibilities to anyone who does not want them.
“Wanna nap with Daddy and Peter. Daddy, I feel funny. But I’m not laughing.” Steve actually cannot help but laugh at that.
“Hmm, promise.” Peter says, although he does not mean it entirely. He bounces again to try and get to Wanda, but he does not get away till Tony has put his sling back on. Once he is free, Peter pads over to his sister and gives her a one-armed hug. “Missed you.”
“Hey.” Tony kisses his husband hello and starts to put the groceries away. “You have a good day? Peter’s doing well, but I’m worried he might play too rough and hurt the arm again. We’ll have to keep an eye on him.”
“Lemme see.” Tony says, pushing Wanda’s lips gently to the side to get a better look. Everything looks nice and clean and he pats her cheek. “Well done, princess! Now, let’s brush your hair and then go potty.” He says, grabbing Wanda’s hairbrush from her drawer and gestures for her to turn around.
“Are you gonna love me even if I’m bad? I wanna be good now but sometimes it’s hard. I feel all upset inside.” Really, she is just wound up from being on bed rest for so long. “But I’m trying really hard. M’sorry I didn’t listen. With the bath. And the thermater.”
“I think he definitely needs a quiet place to finally rest. We are long over due a change as well.” Tony remembers suddenly, patting at Peter’s padded bum.
“Hey, sweetheart, talk to Daddy. What do you mean you don’t feel good?” He asks gently, rubbing at the girl’s back soothingly. Peter perks up a little from where he is sat on his blanket again and looks as the Daddies try to persuade his sister into a bath.
Peter feels his mood improve in an instant when Steve sits next to him and begins asking about the dolls, giving Peter the chance to explain the story he has created with the dolls. But, at the mention of Stephen, he suddenly remembers that he was supposed to help with Wanda. However, as selfish as it sounds, he would much rather stay in his room with his Papa. To be sure that Steve is not going anywhere, Peter climbs onto his lap and continues his game from there.
“Wan’a took it.” Peter mumbles, but Steve still catches it. He looks over at the little girl who is fiddling with her wand. She is blushing furiously and looks very guilty.
“When we played he said for me to put more pictures on his cast.” She explains. “I gotta go put more pictures for him. Gotta be a big sister.”
“Hold on, hon.” Stephen agrees with Steve. “You'll have plenty of time to cuddle with your brother soon, but you need to let him rest and you need to be very gentle with him. No playing and running around while he's getting better, okay?” The doctor then turns to his patient with a smile. “Okay, little man. How are you feeling? Can you give me a thumbs up or thumbs down?”
“Oh, absolutely.” Stephen promises. “I’ll talk you through everything as I'm doing it, okay? And when you're done you can have a little treat.” Peter was right, Stephen has no shortage of lollipops on hand. “Come on, sweetheart. Can you look at my finger?” Stephen requests, moving his finger from side to side, taking note on Peter’s eye movement. Next, he grabs his penlight and is happy to see that the boy’s pupils react normally.
Peter whimpers and whines some more, but stays still even though he does not like what is happening. After a moment, Stephen finally checks the thermometer and shakes his head. Peter whimpers when the thermometer is removed, but not due to any pain. It’s rather the embarrassment of the whole thing and how the day seems to get worse and worse for him.
