Steve closed the window and started to lock down the truck with him, before he paused and said, “Do you really think I’m hot?”
“Gonna stop you right there, Cap,” said Tony. “Because I’ve been on that particular train of thought enough times to know where it’s headed. There’s nothing wrong with you, Steve. You’re not broken.”
“Exactly. She’s playing on your sense of the accepted social conventions to get you to give her one more inch, then one more, then one more. Play it, Jarvis.”
“Oooh, I think I know what this is about,” said Nat as she picked an apple out of the fruit bowl, took a bite, then used it to point at Tony. “You’re trying to get out of Rocky Horror, aren’t you?”
PEGGY’S ROOM is neat and clean, but with enough scarves on the mirror and costume jewelry on the wardrobe to remind you where she works. STEVE is going through a hope chest at the foot of her bed, and TONY is digging through her underwear drawer, looking like he wants to die.
No, I mean, we’re in an internet comments section. You two are flaming each other, and Nat and I are egging on the drama. That’s not like any of us, but it is very on the nose for this medium.
“What!?” said Tony, immediately removing the Dodgers hat. There must’ve been some widow-bite compound left on his head to react to the knock-out dust the General had kicked up when he’d grabbed Tony’s shirt.
Tony turned back toward Steve and said, “And I’m back in time for Pride! I know we missed a lot of it this month, but there’s a drag show on Friday we could check out.”
Tony rolled his eyes, then put the pillow back behind his head and turned to face the wall where Pepper’s face was being projected. She was clearly lying in bed.
“Now, I am going to stand here quietly, and you are going to rack that giant brain of yours for an explanation that makes sense for what the actual problem is here.”
thought Tony, as he pushed the thought as far to the back of his mind as he possibly could. Which was funny, because Tony didn’t really
“Don’t worry, cupcake, we’re not here for the booze. A couple of years ago Rhodey and I experimented with dry January and this place literally saved my life.”
Steve had noticed that a certain critical mass of Avengers talking to each other in any part of the tower seemed to assemble the others somehow. Clint had just popped his head in from the hallway and, within less than a second, Thor was bounding over from the video game room across the way.
“C’mon, Nat,” Tony uttered like a prayer. “Please tell me you’re not stuck in a vent somewhere, I really don’t want to dirty up this suit crawling after you.”
, Steve,” said Tony angrily. “Just… stop. I know you’re trying to make it better, but you’re making it worse.”
“We do. Because if we don’t, it’s going to hang over our heads until we do talk about it. And I’d rather do this on a day that couldn’t possibly get any worse already. So go ahead, Steve, lay it on me.”
“We could try… fire? I dunno, magic really isn’t my— oof!” said Tony as Steve caught him in the gut with the shield and knocked him back.
Steve didn’t know how long he spent in his room after Halloween. He was vaguely aware of the passage of time, mostly in the form of different people coming up to visit him and trying to get him to eat something. Which Steve did, mostly to make them stop looking so worried. Nothing had any taste, though.
, Steve, you know how I operate!” said Tony a little too loudly, trying hard not to let any shame seep into his voice.
She gets up and stalks up to the position on top of the rubble to keep watch. You know she’ll probably apologize in the morning, but right now, her words weigh heavily on you. She’s right, of course; all of this
“None. And Sir has requested me to remind him that if he decides to partake in that particular vice, he will lose his bet with Captain Rogers.”
Bruce looked down at his hands and… yeah, there it was. There was a clatter as Bruce dropped the fork he was holding, and then a second later he was on the floor too.
if we’re making educated guesses, then I say we put the roof, Clint’s floor, the pool, and the gym in the unlikely pile. And that we start looking in the middle and move outward.”
“Listen to me, please,” said Steve. “I should’ve died seventy-five years ago, Tony. Instead I got five amazing, beautiful years with you. In a way it’s almost greedy to wish that I had more.”
Tony spent the rest of the night narrowing down a list of fifty-seven things he and Steve could spend a lot of time working on together and ultimately settled on either a new suit, a new shield, or a new motorcycle. Probably not a new motorcycle, because Steve loved that awful death trap of his for God knows what reason, but Tony figured he’d talk with Steve and see which one seemed he seemed most amenable to.
Steve answered with a kiss so intense Tony felt his knees buckle. But Steve was there to hold him up, practically growling as he pressed his tongue into Tony’s mouth and his erection into Tony’s thigh and the raw fucking
But he was. He even asked questions about things he didn’t understand. Tony had been so determined to avoid his usual verbal sins that he was sure would tick Steve off, and here Steve was not only enduring this onslaught of word-vomit, but
“I don’t know why you’re being weird about this,” said Rhodey as he fiddled with the ends of his chopsticks. “It’s ok to say you like spending time with the guy. Why would that be—”
“Get my damn name out of your mouth, Anthony. Stark Industries made the weapons that kept our boys safe, and you really want us to be happy about a couple of MREs?”
Everyone is climbing over-large stairs. Natasha at the top climbs up a step. Tony behind her wipes sweat from his brow. Bruce behind him looks anxious. Steve from behind is posed with one foot on a stair above his, and is pointing upward.
The Halloween Parade is the one thing on this list I haven't actually been to, hence the strategic framing as right past it. My friends who've gone have said it's a lot of fun though.
Natasha was twenty meters from the vent she’d been planning to exit when she became aware of a faint whirring sound getting louder and louder.
six days a week and twice a day on weekends. What kind of person does that, Rhodey? Can you imagine what that must
What the hell was Steve talking about, making up the will? Tony had taken care of that a week and a half ago on his own.
You pull back from the microscope and rub your eyes. Sometimes it’s hard being equal parts scientist and superhero but you, Dr. Bruce Banner of the Avengers, do your best to strike that balance between work in the field and work in the lab. When you look at your watch, however, you wonder if this time you’ve leaned a bit too hard on the scientist side; you’ve worked through the night again, without intending to. Your counterpart, the big green raging creature known as the Hulk, tends to be more inclined to assert himself when you go on work binges like this, which is why you usually leave them to your friend Tony. But you also know there’s no way you would’ve been able to get a good night’s sleep knowing the samples were ready to be categorized and documented. The results are less promising than you’d hoped, and you know you’ll eventually need to revisit your original hypothesis, but that’s tomorrow’s task. Right now you still have more categorizing to do, although you can sit back for a minute or two.
“Moment of truth,” said Steve as he reached into the mop bucket and placed the device Tony had built over the front of the safe, and held his breath as it whirred to life.
“Yes, we’re going to be overhauling some things down at security as soon as we’re done here, but what’s important is what her boss had to say on the flash drive she delivered to me.”
“If we include the roof, the containment floor is in the center, but I don’t think that necessarily means it’s definitely there,” Tony continues, as he starts drawing concentric circles starting from the containment floor and working outwards. “We already know this artifact packs a kick, so it could hypothetically be anywhere.
“What, you think they’re going to storm the building? Reduce it to rubble?” said Hammer. He leaned back in his chair, put his hands behind his head and his feet up on the desk. “I hope they do. I could bleed them dry,
“Tony, if you’re about to say anything other than, ‘I have to listen to you and go with you down this elevator that’s just arriving’, then I am kicking you in the balls, and these shoes are
Steve nodded and hopped out of the back of the truck. Before he could turn back around and press for an answer to his question, Tony had closed the truck doors between them.
“We’re getting nowhere. C’mon, I think the main character’s whoever gets out of the elevator first. Let’s go reset with me driving and see if we get better options,” he says.
Oh dear, am I early? I really did try to get here at high noon, but the anticipation was killing me. I even dressed for the part.
And a moment later, Steve was practically hauling Tony out of the exam room and back to the elevator.
“Steve, I had an extra friend I could talk to in my first language and you didn’t think I’d want to know that?”
“Pepper, half of my hair has been burned off thanks to an accident in the lab this morning. Do you really think that image is going to inspire a lot of confidence with potential clients?”
A legend. Possibly a deity. The only person above Natasha on my “Do not piss off at any cost” list. Co-founder of SHIELD, agent extraordinaire, and the baddest motherfucker who’s ever lived.
“How could you know? You’ve been spilling your guts to me about the USO and your mom and how hard you’re trying to find home again, because you’re a fundamentally trusting, caring person Steve. You’re what we all wish we could be. And me, I’m a damned coward who can tell you everything you want to know about my robots or my sex life, but nothing that actually might tell you something about me. Like dear old dad.”
“Clint and I are surveilling the building. What I need from the food truck is the employee scuttlebutt while they wait in line,” said Natasha as she finally came to a stop a few blocks away. “Thanks to the mics we set up outside of the truck, I now know Bob from finance is deathly allergic to peanuts, Alexis in R&D has a wife who’s due in a few weeks, and Tina Valenti’s celebrating her promotion by going out for ice cream with the girls in the accounting department at 4:00 on Friday.”
She was back inside the vent, pulling the cover in place behind her, before the guards watching the video cameras even
“It’s fine,” said Steve. “I had to cross this off the list eventually, if we’re going to be completionists about it.”
In 2013 Cats was not running on Broadway, but I've decided the Battle for New York made it happen somehow. Some Broadway producer looked at the wreckage and said, "Y'know what the city needs, after this? A Cats revival."
“Maybe nothing,” said Natasha, as she slipped her a burner phone. “Keep this on you, and I’ll let you know. But it won’t involve anything that would put you or your family in immediate danger.”
“Thank you,” she said. Then she walked around the edge of the aisle to sit down next to Steve and continued, “If you’re worried I’m going to tell anyone, I won’t. I remember what it’s like, being a baby gay and pining for someone you were sure you couldn’t have. But I think you could have this one, honey. I don’t think he’d’ve offered to pay off my student loan debt to spare you the virgin sacrifice unless he was at least a
“That feeling you’re describing, like someone else is light years ahead of you and you’re caught flat-footed and looking dumb, you know that’s how literally everyone feels when they talk to you, right?”
“When we took a break and you went out to get bagels, I may have called my jeweler and told him to start looking for a ring fit for Tony Stark’s husband, so I’m sticking with ‘right after right after the aquarium,’” said Tony.
,” said Steve, who was starting to get fed up with this conversation, “No, Tony, I just don’t know why you’re making such a big deal out of a couple of friendly shoulder pats.”
Tony looked up at Steve, who was looking a little smug. In fact, all three of them were. The people he loved more than anything were a bunch of
Hammer slipped right back into his pitch for Hammertech for another few minutes, before they were interrupted by someone running across the hall.
You roll your eyes and shake your head as Nat, Tony and Steve disappear down the hallway toward the elevator bank. This is definitely the weirdest prolonged prank you’ve ever been a part of, and you hope your friends get to the punchline soon.
You stay like that for a little while, just watching the ducks. A blonde woman in a green dress passes by and scoffs at you, and you almost get angry again, but then Tony points out a row of ducklings coming out from under the bridge and you’re back to appreciating the waterfowl. The small you starts to feel stronger. You know you’ve made your point about protecting the small you from the fight-friends’ forces. So you close your eyes and think of ducks as your body starts to shrink.
Steve couldn’t really say why he ended up in the Bronx at the tail end of the D line. Maybe it was spite, because if the world was going to keep pretending like it hadn’t stopped spinning on October 31st then dammit, he would too. Maybe he was seeking closure. Maybe it was just to get the hell out of the tower. But the thing that felt closest to true was that there was a part of his life that had been cut off and he wanted to feel it again, even if it meant being in pain. So Steve got on the subway at 205th street, picked a corner seat and tried to find the strength to open the Strand bag he’d brought with him.
If you've never been to the Guggenheim, I recommend doing a google image search to get a sense of what the building looks like, especially from the inside.
“I’m sorry, Steve,” said Tony as he took Steve’s wrists in his and pulled them away. “In hindsight I should’ve gotten tested first to confirm I didn’t have type A. I should never have put this on you. None of this is your fault, but I see how it could
Steve slipped on his pajama bottoms and Tony put on a robe, and they opened the curtains of their hotel room and looked out over Times Square. There was confetti in the air, the ball was at the bottom of the pole, and “2014” was lit up brightly at the top of the square.
“One more educated guess: I don’t think it’s on the Hulk containment floor either. You remember what it was like there: empty except for the floor itself and his shredded, shredded abs. No haystack to hide a needle in there.”
She left and came back with a guy who looked like the before picture in an ad for Rogaine. He told Tony the same thing she did: Tony Stark or not, he had to pay for the phone. Tony charmed. He pleaded. He begged. And then he discovered that while he was above yelling at minimum wage workers, he was not above yelling at middle management.
know what had gotten into Pepper and Rhodey tonight. He’d been counting on them to be his better angels when he took Steve to the play tonight in case there was another glitter incident, but they’d apparently chosen to spend the one time the stars aligned and they were both in town and free at the same time to break out their mean streaks.
, but it definitely… helped,” said Steve. Then he seemed to register everything else Tony had said and added, “Wait, what?”
“I’m sorry,” she said, twisting her hands, “I— it’s company policy, and I need this job. But I know you wouldn’t be asking if it wasn’t something you needed to help people.”
“Probably because you’re wearing a Dodgers hat, and the Dodgers knocked the Yankees out of the playoffs last night,” said Pepper, as she dug her nails in sharply to turn them around a corner. “Speaking of which, General Murphy is a Giants fan, which means the hat needs to go.”
“Tony, having had worse days before doesn’t mean you can’t feel rotten about having a bad day now. And you did, Tony, you had a really,
“Steve, I don’t know why you’re doubting my sincerity here. We’ve been hanging out regularly for four months now, and you can’t see how crazy I am about—”
Steve found a new shade of red blush and stared at the floor, but he was smiling and a little breathless when he said, “I uh… I put a roll of socks… down my trousers. To make me look… um…”
“The doors will unlock automatically in three hours,” said Pepper. “And Nat and Clint have already thought of every escape route you’re thinking of, Tony, so don’t bother.”
This last fact was endlessly distressing to Tony because while he didn’t give a damn what stupid people and bigots thought, Tony had to admit that Steve was neither, and so when Tony pissed him off he was hurting someone who didn’t deserve it. What’s worse, every one of Tony’s usual tricks for schmoozing people he’d pissed off by mistake all just seemed to piss Steve off even more. Which, in turn, pissed Tony off, and his entire verbal filter went straight out the window when he was angry.
... all of them are just as much a part of America as those nazis in Madison Square Garden. And it’s the ordinary people too. Think of
Which of course made Clint go crimson and start a litany of apologies that weren’t necessary; Steve knew this adjustment was going to be the hardest on him. But all around, they were truly making an effort to respect his boundaries, and Steve was so, so grateful he had the friends he did.
, Steve thought but swallowed down all the petty retorts and instead said, “You’re right. This can’t continue.”
There was quiet for a moment, as Bruce wondered what the hell he had ever done to merit having someone like Natasha Romanov in his life.
“I mean, minus the contacts and the overshirt, this is pretty much what I wear every day,” said Tony. Then he paused and added, “I’m not sure what that says about me.”
“I can help with that,” said Tony, “There’s a reason nobody I haven’t wanted in here has ever gotten into Avenger’s tower.”
puts a pin and a magnet on the back so you can pick which one won’t ruin your shirt,” said Tony. He finally found a bisexual pride flag button and he pinned it to his shirt front. Then he said, “Hang on - this isn’t a surprise to any of you, right?”
“Thor, if Enchantress is your enemy, why do you keep having her over for dinner?” my friend Natasha asked me, although I can’t imagine the reason. Why in Odin’s name shouldn’t one have people over for dinner? Is that not the entire point? Of everything??? And at the end of the day, her critiques always push me to make better and better recipes for this blog!
“Excuse me, Sir, there is an urgent private call from Director Fury ready in the study,” said Jarvis coolly.
There was a sensation of warm pressure on his upper back. Tony looked to his right and saw that Steve had put his hand there, and he had apparently been talking the entire time.
“Are you trying to sell me on ‘the only person I ever want to fight with is you’?” said Tony with a roll of his eyes. “Grew up with parents like that, Cap. It’s a lot more fun in theory than in practice.”
The Strand is probably the most famous book store in New York City, and it absolutely is worth the trip. Something about that ludicrous a number of books just puts happy chemicals in your brain if you like to read, and if you're still with this fanfic 30k+ words in, you probably like to read :)
“Alright, you’ve convinced me: the legal route isn’t going to work,” said Steve. “Assuming asking him nicely doesn’t work either, what are our options?”
“Interesting,” says Natasha, “So if we see something like a cell phone in the noir novel, or a gun in the kids’ book, that could be it.”
“Guys, I’m serious about going to get Ethiopian food if you want it. I can feed the extra sandwiches to the hissing cockroaches. Been a while since I gave them a treat,” you say.
before,” Tony purred as he closed in on Steve’s neck and started to kiss under that fucking fantastic jaw, and the groan it elicited from Steve was so delicious Tony thought he might get them both off off just sucking on Steve’s neck. Between kisses Tony said, “I mean, it’s been a while for me, but I'm sure I'll manage.”
“Oh, let’s not get hung up on that, I’ve still got to show you our mini particle accelerator!” said Hammer with a fifty watt smile, although his hands were still shaking slightly.
Steve still looked a little uncomfortable, but then he said, “In the restaurant bathroom? You haven’t even bought me dinner yet.”
“What’s the stupidest thing you ever did when you were thinking with your dick?” said Tony, “Hang on, let me tell you mine first. I stole an ice cream truck when I was sixteen because I thought it would get me laid.”
In an alternate universe where you got HRT, a queer community, and competent therapy you’d have a whole line of people waiting to fuck you.
Steve meant it when he said it. He really did. But ten hours later, Tony was letting out an exasperated groan and pulling back from kissing him in bed.
“Maybe. But I’m getting ahead of myself. There I am in the checkout lane stacking egg cartons on the belt, and this woman comes up to talk to me. I figure it’s the usual autographs and ‘did you really punch Hitler’ stuff but no, you know what she asks me?”
“It isn’t sound science. There’s a reason nobody’s made any more Hulks, Tony, other than the fact that the other guy’s not exactly amenable to experimentation,” you say. Even the merest thought of subjecting the Hulk to experiments is enough to make the Other Guy rumble somewhere in your brain.
I found out a third of the High Line was technically still under construction in 2013, but I'm hand-wavin' it. In the MCU, construction finished earlier, because, idk, stuff happened. And it really is a lovely place to amble in the city.
“Lady and gentlemen!” shouted Tony into his microphone as he led Steve up to the stage. “For one night only, returning to the stage for the first time since 1940-something, Captain! Steve! Rrrrrrrogers!!”
“None of you have any sense of sexual adventure,” Tony sighs as he leans back and puts his hands behind his head.
“Oh, she gets like that when she’s cranky,” said Bruce nonchalantly, “just don’t touch her leaves and you’ll be fine.”
“Don’t worry, sweetheart, I turned him down. We don’t pick anyone under eighteen or over eighty. Too awkward.”
Check the tacks on the bulletin board, Thor. If it’s not there, we’ll only have the drunk left to search...
“About a year. But you’re much better about getting out and taking a break than Tony is, so I haven’t needed it ‘til today,” said Nat.
Fortunately either his SEP was working really exceptionally well that day or crying on the New York City subway was a common enough occurrence that most people either didn’t notice or deliberately ignored him, because Steve was left in peace. By the time he was finished he was already in Coney Island.
“Nope, I stopped falling for that one about fifteen years ago, Tony. And you know what? I don’t want to hear whatever half-baked bullshit you’re gonna come up with for why you’ve been avoiding me. Do you have any
“I said don’t punch anyone and don’t blow anything up. That was it, Tony, that was the bar you had to clear. And now General Murphy is
“You love me too,” said Steve, and the bitterness had been replaced with hope, and somehow that was so much worse. But Steve knew Tony too well by now for Tony to try denying it.
Hammer pursed his lips and looked upward, as if he were thinking about it, then finally said, “Alright, you’ve convinced me. It should go to Asgard.”
That was when he remembered that someone who was one startle away from turning into a big green kaiju was a few feet in front of him.
Some of the artists Steve referenced are a little past his time, but I've decided that Steve got caught up the big names and highlights of art history after the ice. I also decided that Howard had a frankly ludicrous amount of money because holy shit that collection would be expensive.
“It took you about ten minutes to finally take a picture of us because every time you tried you started laughing again.”
“What kind of hair would a professional barber have? Greasy. Just… really greasy and unkempt.” -- Tim Burton, apparently.
“Bruce,” says Steve carefully, “I know it doesn’t feel like it, but you’re actually under an enchantment right now.”
Steve’s face clouded over, and he said, “I want to apologize for that. Back then I thought you were trying to buy me, but I know you better now.”
Tony sized him up. General Murphy was broadly built, with salt and pepper hair, and he looked equal parts relieved to be out of the conversation with Marsha and revolted with his presence. Tony couldn’t shake the feeling that he’d seen this guy before, but Tony had had a long and illustrious life in weapons manufacturing, so he’d almost certainly run into him at a party somewhere. Then Murphy’s eyes flicked up to Tony’s hat and all traces of relief that Tony was finally there disappeared into a scowl. Tony had hoped Pepper had been exaggerating his commitment to the baseball stuff but apparently not.
“Fine!” said Tony angrily. “I hereby officially declare that I believe Steve Rogers when he says he loves me! Happy?”
“No, it’s— ok, yes but that’s not—” Steve took a steadying breath, turned to face Tony and said, “Remember at the aquarium when I said I couldn’t promise you we would be together forever?” He reached into his jacket and pulled out the little square box that had been burning a hole in his pocket all night. “Well, it turns out I can.”
Everyone cheered. Clint whistled. Steve shielded his eyes against the awful, familiar glare of the stage lights.
They made their way through the doors, and Tony appreciated Steve’s wide-eyed wonder as he gaped at the giant skylight in the ceiling and turned in a full circle to look at the spiral ramp that made up the interior of the museum.
“Not sure if Clint flicking peas at everyone’s heads is the best setting for a first date,” said Tony, and wait, why was he fighting this, he’d go swimming in peas if it meant going on a date with Steve. But was it a date? Steve just said ‘dinner.’
"Oh where could he be?" said the one who's called Steve, "He could be in Boston, or London, or Kiev. We haven't a clue, and we haven't a hint, of anywhere, any place where we'll find Clint!" "I miss him so much!" said the one who's called Bruce, "From the top of his head right down to his caboose." "We miss him so much!" They all wept and cried. "But where could be be? Oh, where could he hide?"
You feel air whoosh by your face. You’re vaguely aware of Steve letting go and the whine of repulsors. But then there’s literally an earth-shattering
They sat in a booth near the corner and Tony felt a flash of triumph when Steve took a sip of the house-made cherry soda and his eyes bugged out of his head.
, you have fifty half-finished prototypes in your lab and another five hundred in a warehouse upstate,” said Rhodey.
“No, sugar, the point is to help the new people make a space for themselves here. Can’t say you don’t belong if you had to go through baptism by fire to get in, can you? But we’re getting off topic. Why haven’t you asked your friend out yet?”
“Sir’s presence is required at Stark Industries’ major client’s meeting in twenty minutes,” said Jarvis.
her breast pump bag in the trunk of the car and slammed it shut, beyond the point of caring whether the folders were secure enough to stay in a stack for the ride home. At least that was what she told herself, before sighing loudly, reopening the trunk, and securing the folders because even a tiny slip like papers out of order would be used as an excuse to mommy-track her career and she’d worked too damn hard to get where she was. Never mind that her idiot boss couldn’t be bothered to approve her request for an intern to scan all these papers into a database and make them so much easier to search and transport, oh
Neither Tony nor Steve knew how to follow that up, so they ate in silence for a while before Tony said, “Worried about tomorrow?”
“Didn’t sound right to me either, but that’s the only explanation I can think of for why I hadn’t seen it before she showed it to me on her phone. And when I came back to the tower to watch it again, JARVIS couldn’t find it. At least, he couldn’t find it for
“One, absolutely not. Two, it’d have to be something we’ve both seen for it to be convincing,” said Steve.
“What is it?” you say. Everyone is looking in the direction Bruce is staring, but there doesn’t appear to be anything there for him to react to.
“We’re not quantifying, Tony. Right now, it’s not a problem. I think this is something we’re probably going to have to keep negotiating and revisiting as long as we love each other. But I’m in if you are.”
“It rules out the furniture and Clint’s grickle-grack trees, whatever the hell they are,” says Natasha with a shrug.
“I mean,” Steve said between kisses, “I’m sure Bruce is up for some late night Scrabble or something.”
“Oh, Justin. We built this whole plan on the premise that you’re so stupid, we didn’t even have to hack the safe. And you lived down to our expectations
“Jesus, Clint, didn’t you ever have to do a costume change for the circus?” asked Steve as he helped Clint step into the boots while he pulled on the shirt.
“Nah, you were apologizing in the only way you knew how, because God knows I didn’t give you any other ways to do it. I was a real jackass, and I’m sorry.”
Nobody knows what to say to that, except Donny who shouts, “They sure do, buckaroo!” as we walk into the elevator and the doors close.
Steve? He wanted to melt into the seat,” said Tony. “Believe it or not Steve and I are friends outside of work and I try to watch his back when I can.”
A hazy memory swam to the surface in Tony’s mind. Someone had shoved a lost-and-found box into his hands and he’d picked out the first clothes he’d touched. Looking down now, Tony could see that meant he was wearing a fringed crop top that had “Daddy’s Little Cum Slut” airbrushed on it in loopy, cursive writing, orange camo crocs, and baby blue velvet track pants Tony recognized from Avengers merchandising meetings; these would have “Property of Captain America” screen printed across the butt. Apparently catatonic Tony hadn’t bothered to read the things he was wearing, but he did remember to put on a baseball cap.
he’s outsmarted our plan to go for the big vault, which gets him and his security in position and focused far away from our
made him upset? For thirty minutes? Would he have taken Maria to the ballet even though he thought it was boring because he wanted to make her happy? You literally just answered that one.”
“I need you to understand, Steve, that I don’t know if that maybe will ever turn into a yes. I’ve never exactly had great role models as far as fathers go, and I would rather cut out my own heart than be another link in a chain of shitty Stark dads.”
...As much as I care for the both of you, I’m afraid I’m here on business. An outlaw passed through here not long ago and left some contraband, and it might be here. I know you’re both honest, but what was left, it might be something you wouldn’t even notice. Do you mind if Tony and I search the place?
“Man, you’ve got everything in here,” said Clint, as he pulled out a button with yellow, pink, white, grey, and black stripes.
“Hey, quit being dicks to Steve. Dating is hard. C’mon, let’s go inside, the play’s about to start,” said Tony, who did
On days like this, I like to have my friends and the people I love close to me, and at their insistence I had planned an evening out on the town, sampling the best food trucks of New York City with my friends and my beloved Jane, but of course I couldn’t, since Amora was coming over for dinner tonight.
So Tony spent five minutes arguing how Nat’s appreciation for dance is inextricably mired in her dark past, and a comment she made at Halloween last year about how cat costumes are stupid, as well as her appreciation for simple, non-showy aesthetics would mean she also would not like
it means you’ll come back to me. I need you to promise you’ll always take the harder path. Take the risk. Because if you don’t, if you choose the sure thing and sacrifice yourself to save the day when there is any other option available to you, I will haunt you, Steve. I will find a way for the living to haunt the dead, and you will not rest in peace. Do you understand?”
What followed was an extremely tense, extremely awkward meeting. Tony turned the charm up to eleven and even choked down something that might’ve passed for chicken tikka masala to someone who’d never heard of the subcontinent of India or its cuisine, but he was mentally counting down the seconds until his rescue. He had 478 of them to go when General Murphy interrupted him to say, “My first gun was a Stark.”
kind of unfailingly decent, and sweet baby Jesus, if Tony didn’t get a drink in his hand soon he was going to bash his head against the closest, hardest object he could find.
“You see, recently I acquired a certain object that I believe you’d be interested in collecting for your new little Iron Man hobby. Something... dare I say it?
“Interesting,” says Natasha, “So if we see something like a cell phone in the noir novel, or a gun in the kids’ book, that could be it.”
Hey, Pepper and I had just broken up and I was looking for some rebound sex. She knew what to expect when she made me go to that party.
Sure enough, the left junction led straight down into a criss-cross of lasers and motion sensors, capped by a vent opening. Natasha pulled out the silent drill and drilled a hole through the vent ceiling into the proper ceiling to secure her escape line, then attached it to her harness.
“Just do it!” snapped Steve, blocking another magic blast as he bent backward to avoid a kick from Tony.
“Nat,” you say, barely choking out her name over the familiar guilt you feel, rising in your throat. You take a moment to collect yourself and continue, “I regret it every day.
, Tony,” Steve growled as he pressed back against Tony’s hands, moving himself in closer. “And anything I’ve ever done in my life that was worthwhile was hard.”
Steve felt the tension he’d been holding in his gut turn into something else. Something that had nothing to do with whatever he’d been worried about five seconds ago and everything to do with how Tony’s hand felt on his body and how soft Tony’s lips looked under all that makeup. Steve would’ve traded everything he owned right then to put his own hand on Tony’s cheek, and shrink down the universe even further, until there was nothing between them at all. But that wasn’t him. That wasn’t them. It never could be. So all Steve could do was look at Tony and
“That’s rule number six. Five is ‘Make educated guesses’,” says Natasha. “If we’re going to be searching, we might as well focus on places and things that are more likely than others.”
“You know something? There just might be,” said Clint pensively, before he turned to Natasha and added, “I’m thinking we
“Let’s pretend it’s not magic for a second. Let’s say it’s something else proximity-based, like a bomb,” says Tony. “And it’s a really powerful bomb, but you want to be extra sure that it reaches all the floors of our part of the tower. Where do you put it?”
Dream Steve raised his eyebrows and said, “Come on, Tony, it’s time to wake up before Natasha finds you.” (??)
“There’s a really weird bug,” says Natasha. “It’s up in the corner you can’t see from out here. We wanted it to be a surprise. I’d’ve just let it go, but Steve really wanted to make sure you didn’t miss it. He won’t do anything that stupid again, though, will he?”
“That’s it, Steve, take a breather. This one’s rough, I know, I’m sorry” said Tony, “Mind if I pat you on the shoulder?”
“What the — what genre is this?” said the blonde prep who has eyes like limpid tears n was wering exercise cloths.
“Steve, there is literally no way I could explain this to you unless you were reading a very specific kind of terrible fanfiction on the internet circa 2006. Suffice it to say Nat is going to dress weird, talk weirder, and make the weirdest decisions until we can get her into the elevator.”
at Shakespeare in the Park, meant his date had been yet another failure. Steve had been eating his way through New York City’s confectionary masterpieces for almost two months now and as each date had crashed and burned, he’d come back with an extra sweet for Tony to commiserate with him over.
“No, actually. The only place that can contain it and defend it is Asgard. I’m here to ask you to please give it to my associate, Thor Odinson, so that it can be kept away from more dangerous hands.”
All of the Avengers are standing next to each other very close with lots of arms around shoulders. All are looking toward Clint and smiling.
But, nobody’s written a biography speculating about it yet, so it’s technically outside the scope of this presentation.
there naked people back in the 40’s? I just assumed back then everyone was born with ten layers on,” said Tony.
to the vault, there’s multiple layers of security guards and twenty-four hour video surveillance. There’s a vent that leads in front of it, but I only know about
Five minutes later he burst back in the coat check room, shouting, “I don’t know what kind of game you’re—”
“Steve, of everyone Tony’s met since he joined the Avengers, you are my favorite,” said Pepper, as she took one of the to-go drinks off the paper tray in Steve’s hand. “Also from before he joined the Avengers too. No offense, Rhodey, but after this you’ve got to step up your game.”
And that got Steve to blush, but Tony was gratified to see that instead of chastising Tony he replied, “You think Deaf people don’t have wit or... raw sexual energy?”
Steve pressed his lips in a line and exhaled disapprovingly, before a curious expression came over his face.
“There’s a reason I was an archer in the circus and not an acrobat, Tony,” said Clint, wiping his mouth and sounding embarrassed, “Also, I’m not sorry; that’s what you get for spinning me, you douchebag, and now we’re even.”
“Nat? You in here?” said Tony as he opened the door and peered through. All he could see was darkness on the other side.
“When we were rappelling down the roof with firehoses or when you were breaking the land speed record driving us back to the tower?”
“Jarvis, make a note,” said Tony, even though he knew his AI wasn’t listening. “Magic users have a permanent place at the top of my shit list.”
Hammer hesitated, then said, “Keep your gun pointed at him,” before he put the case on a nearby table and entered the combination.
Steve mentally retraced his steps for clues. They’d been in the kitchen at breakfast. Clint had been rearranging Steve’s cowlick, and Natasha had done that thing she does where she pokes him in the ribs to test his reflexes but plays it off so innocently he always ended up questioning whether she did it intentionally or if it even really happened. Tony had walked by and asked Steve to join him in the lab right away. When Steve had asked what this was about, Tony had waved him off and said he’d explain downstairs. Only now, they were at the door to Tony’s lab and Steve still had no idea what this was about.
Tony gaped and said, “Steven Grant Rogers, do you have a kink? One I haven’t found and exploited? How is this possible? Why haven’t you said anything?”
“I can honestly say I have no idea what Steve is doing here,” said Bruce as calmly as he could (which was not very calmly at all).
Steve was halfway through explaining the infield fly rule to Tony when suddenly the crowd around them erupted into gasps and cheers that had nothing to do with what was happening on the field.
“I’m good, Steve,” said Tony, wiping his mouth with his sleeve and trying not to take in the flecks of blood that were spotting the petals now. “Now, where were we?”
“Yeah, don’t get your panties in a twist, I’m coming,” said Tony as he stepped out of the fountain. It was a testament to just how out of it he was that it wasn’t until he heard the familiar click of cuffs encircling his wrists that he thought,
Steve’s spirits had been pretty high walking into the noraebang, but had faltered a bit at the promise of yet another night of everyone but him getting drunk, and the moment he saw the stage they’d bottomed out completely.
“Yes, of course!” Thor boomed. “Jane and I enjoyed this fine exercise of Dionysian excess together, and I would be honored to partake in the experience again with my dearest friends!”
“I already told you, it’s not inspiration coffee, it’s miracle coffee,” said Tony as he walked over to the cafe’s ATM. “Because there is nothing, short of a miracle, that will get us into that safe.”
“Hi there!” Tony shouted as he walked through the front doors and over to the desk. “Tony Stark, billionaire playboy philanthropist superhero. Don’t tell Justin I’m here, though, I want it to be a surprise. Actually, don’t tell anyone, if you can.”
You’re about to return another innuendo, but Nat shoots you a look you’re intimately familiar with: the “let them figure it out for themselves” look. So instead you roll your eyes and say, “Nothing. C’mon, let’s go make sure Tony doesn’t accidentally fold himself into an alternate dimension.”
“No, sorry,” says Bruce hastily as he adjusts his glasses. “It’s… I know what it is. And I know where it is.”
Then the phone slipped out of his pocket and landed with a splash below.  And Tony’s overwhelming desire for a drink was now superseded by an overwhelming desire for a sewer alligator to swallow him whole.
“Thor, why is the artifact in the tower instead of, say, on the moon, or anywhere so far away we can’t reach it?” asks Tony.
The Avengers, all seen from behind, walk toward open elevator doors with an arrow to the side indicating they're going up.
“You’re gonna have to speak up, buttercup. That last orgasm literally melted my brain out of my ears,” said Tony.
You lunge after him and while he flies to dodge, you manage to hit the bottoms of his hurt-light-shoes, which causes him to fly through and shatter the giant windows on this floor. You’re about to lunge after him when you feel strong arms close around your neck, the same strong arms that tried to drag away the small you.
Also, to all the readers who've taken the time to write kind comments on a made-up story about two sweet super boys in love, you are truly the bomb.
“You know what?” said Tony, suddenly turning back towards the room, “I remember you now. General George Murphy? Didn’t you run for
“Because that way you can go back to the car and play grab ass while... oh my God, I have been kicking myself for so long that I didn’t figure out we were dating all that year until Bruce said it, but my subconscious had it figured out from the fucking Guggenheim!”
Steve walked over to the grandfather clock and opened the glass door in front of the pendulum. There at the bottom, stopping its movement, was the phone.
Keeps dropping that damn kitchen knife. Get some backup switchblades or butterfly knives, Mike. All those pockets have got to be good for
“‘Maybe I should hire him,’ ‘Don’t hire him, he’ll find that patronizing,’ ‘Maybe I should buy the Dodgers and move them back to Brooklyn,’ ‘If he hated the baseball card, he’s really going to hate that,’” recited Tony.
“I’ve been thinking about this for five years. Of course I know what I’m doing. And it’s the only way to get what I want.”
“Just curious, how many PhD's do you have to get before you become telepathic like that?” asked Clint.
remember saying ‘Tony, I’d like you to go specifically as February 1942 USO tour Captain America and don’t bother coming if you don’t get the scuffs on the helmet exactly right.’”
“There is only one sure way to break free of this enchantment,” says Thor. “We need to find the artifact that is maintaining the spell on our home and destroy it.”
I’m going to the whorehouse. No way am I missing out on the opportunity to see who our brains cast as old-timey sex workers.
But it wasn’t the lewd jokes that were driving Steve’s anxiety. It was the “virgin sacrifice.” Before each show, people who hadn’t seen the movie before were picked out of the audience, brought up to the front of the theater, and then made to do embarrassing activities ranging from wearing a condom as a hat to dry humping a total stranger. And Steve wanted nothing more than to fake some last-minute Shield emergency, but… Tony had asked him to come.
“Not quite,” said Tony. “Slam poetry is a performance. You mix in the sound of your voice and cadence of your speech and your body language to tie the whole thing together. It’s also an acquired taste, so if you hate it you’re in good company.”
Steve did, although it wasn’t much more than what he’d told her already. When he was finished, Natasha said, “Did you have anything on the side table with you in the hospital wing?”
“Of course, Captain Rogers. I can always make time for a true American hero such as yourself. Want a hard candy?” asked Hammer, before he glanced at the empty crystal bowl at the end of his desk, winced, and shouted over Steve’s shoulder, “Sandra! How many times do I have to tell you to refill the hard candy bowl?”
Tony gave the least dignified scream of his entire life and launched himself out of the manhole. The spiders, half in reality and half in his imagination, were
“Oh you mean the weed brownies you baked for me, back at MIT? When I was your RA and therefore obligated to report illegal drugs on the floor?” said Rhodey.
The video cut to a picture that looked like it was taken from the inside of a bank vault, and a shocked mutter went around the table.
Steve did not read. He went back to his room, stared at his ceiling, and wondered how he’d managed to fuck up this badly before he even started.
“I don’t. If you really did feel the same way, I would’ve coughed up the roots by now. But I haven’t, which means either I’ve got the rarest Hanahaki on earth or you’re trying very nobly to save your best friend’s life, and I know you well enough by now to recognize which one it is.”
Tony kept walking. There could’ve been hailstones the size of cars and he would’ve kept walking. He was
moved on somewhere else, Tony turned to everyone and said, “C’mon, we’ve got to get out of here, now the whole crowd knows we’re here.”
, the arrow struck true, directly into the red wire coming from the control box just outside the first floor of the Hammerplex. The same instant, lightning filled the air and struck through mjölnir to the arrow’s graphite core, sending a thousand volts of electricity through it and disintegrating it immediately before the camera could even register it was there.
“The only reason I’m here is because I want to tell you personally that you’re a shitstain and a disgrace.”
“Oh you know, Natasha Romanov managed to sneak past all of you and break into my vault, but other than that, everything is just
“I won’t. I will never ask you to stop inventing, Tony. I will never ask you to stop being Iron Man. Never. I just— you know how we just promised each other we’ll always try to come home? I want you to always try to come home from the lab, Tony. I want you to
That seemed to work for Tony, who immediately took out his phone and started adjusting figures in some kind of complicated formula on the screen. They stayed in silence like that until the cab dropped them off at the south end of the High Line. It really was a beautiful April day, and the elevated park was full of pedestrians enjoying the warm weather and the bright sun and the flush of spring in the flowerbeds that lined the path to either side of them.
, Rhodey. Everything I told you about how much he’s going to hate it, Steve’s heard it. He doesn’t care. I think it’s a point of pride now.”
“Don’t bullshit me, Black Hawk. Except for maybe a couple of bodyguards who go with Justin when he meets up with the Sokovians, nobody in that building’s a bad guy. We’re employees with 401ks and an idiot boss. So tell me truly: are you gonna hurt anyone?”
“If Steve’s gonna be thrown off the scent, they’d probably have to actually get it. I’ll just give them some bad kibble to eat or whatever,” said Tony.
The familiar limits of Steve’s imagination asserted themselves. Tony might make it on every “Ten Celebrities You Didn’t Know Were Bisexual” list on the internet, but fate had dealt Steve a different hand. He liked girls. Well, he liked specific girls. A certain one with a gorgeous smile and a mean right hook that he’d never gotten the chance to take dancing came to mind. He had a long and beautiful friendship to look forward to with Tony, and he was grateful for that. But sometimes, when he remembered the way Tony’s hair had felt under his fingers when he was holding him close on the High Line, or the curve of Tony’s mouth when he was trying not to laugh at something Steve said, or the warmth of Tony’s callused hand covering his at the poetry slam, Steve really, really wished things were different. That his own name could be on those lists too. But Steve hadn’t been born that way. That wasn’t him. Eventually everything would work out the way it was supposed to, but in the meantime Steve would just have to make peace with the fact that he wasn’t queer, no matter how much he wished he could be.
I know the blame is with Amora, but I am nonetheless responsible for dragging all of you through my own unfinished business.
Tony and Steve looked at each other, then Tony said, “Bruce, honey, when’s the last time your friend came to visit?”
Steve’s BFF from childhood. Pretty much everyone agrees these two were inseparable since they were in diapers.
“Was I unconscious this long after my floor?” said Tony’s familiar voice, and Natasha felt herself relax. She allowed herself to show signs she wasn’t unconscious.
As they anxiously watched the monitors for the third floor lab, the monitor to their left showed a vent cover falling from the ceiling, immediately followed by a woman landing in a crouch.
“It means he’s been looking at pictures of you. My understanding is that would typically mean he’s thinking of you, likely with fondness.”
Tony was going to keep letting words fall out of his mouth, when he realized that of all the tracks his brain was running on right now, the one that was handling the conversation with Pepper was somehow the one that had struck gold.
Usually something about the serum makes everyone stop what they’re doing and listen when you speak, but this floor seems to be interfering with it, since everyone’s still talking with each other. You’d chosen Bruce’s floor because it felt like it had the weakest pull and wanted to be yourselves while planning your next move, but maybe the pull here is stronger than you thought.
“Neither would most people, especially not right in front of the person they’d come in with. That’s a huge social more she’s breaking. When things go way off script like that and we get no guidance from the people around us on how to react, most of us just sorta--”
An actor in Steve’s USO show. Played Hitler. Steve fake-punched him out every night for like a year.
“Ahhhh,” said Tony sagely over a mug of hot black coffee that had somehow magically appeared between his hands (
enjoyed kicking some bad guy’s ass. But Tony’s primary suit and backup suit were unavailable. His third backup was the suitcase suit, which he couldn’t call, even if he wanted to. The fourth backup was currently offline and disassembled on workbench 8, and he’d scrapped backup number 5 three weeks ago because five backup suits was getting into the obsessive zone he’d been in that necessitated blowing them all up a lifetime ago. He was suitless, sore, tired, and absolutely not up for hearing Steve yell at him for going in half-cocked, alone and defenseless. So Tony took out the flip phone, stuck in the SIM card, and started dialing Jarvis like a good little Avenger.
“Yeah, um… no thank you,” I say, because while I am titillated by the idea of the anthropomorphic manifestation of the Hulk containment floor slamming me with his huge rod (Or am I really? It might just be this floor’s current pulling me under), something tells me I’ll regret it later.
“Are you alright?” asked Steve as he put a hand on Tony’s back while he coughed. “You were coughing a lot over the comms today. Are you— wait, do you have the flu? Is this delirium talking?”
“Steve,” Tony huffed. “I would cough up the entire New York Botanical Gardens every day of my life if it meant I got to keep loving you.”
“Welcome to War on Hunger, what’s your pleasure?” said Steve as he leaned out the food truck window.
“Yeah. Just… give me a second to catch my breath,” says Steve as he lies on the pavement. Those hits you gave him up in the building seem to have caught up to him.
Tony’s fingers brushed against the band of Steve’s watch, which was when he noticed the time. He let out a chuckle. Which became a snort. Which became a guffaw. And a moment later he was absolutely hysterical.
“45 seconds,” said Tony with a grin. Today might be horrible, but he was about to kick some ass with the team, and the adrenaline was starting to ratchet up in Tony’s veins.
“If you’d told me back in January that you two would go from spitting like cats whenever you were in the same room, to pacing like a caged animal whenever you weren’t, I’d’ve checked you into the hospital floor for a mental eval,” said Bruce.
“No, Steve. It’s a really big show here, and for what? No agenda, no demands, no monologue. And she’s off too. If you asked me to draw a stereotype of what magic users look like, she is exactly what I’d draw. If I didn’t know any better I’d say—”
“Ain’t that the truth. Nat, you know Fury’s criteria for becoming an Avenger. Was ‘romantic taste for evil’ one of them?”
“This is a plot to get me dating again, and I’d like to state for the record that I resent it,” said Tony.
come to the negotiating table with your trump card off the table already! Didn’t they teach you anything in— well, I guess you didn’t go to business school, did you? My bad, that’s a free tip, on me.”
There is some good news here. She wouldn’t have had to change the floor if she’d had time to move the artifact. And she wouldn’t have changed it at all if you were wrong.
from Doug. “Help me out with something. There were not one but two perfectly good New York teams that had been kicked out of the city but had loyal fanbases here, and instead of bringing one back they up and made the Mets. Why?”
Tony didn’t move. For a moment it felt like he was getting ready to kiss back when he pulled away and said, “Um… it looks like the spell might have some lingering effects. So maybe we should just take a step back and count to ten or something.”
Bruce shakes his head a bit and says, “It could mean that not only is the artifact not on Thor’s floor, but it’s not on the floors above or below it. The ‘more than a few steps’ might be the literal steps to another level of the tower,” says Bruce.
Tony turned his face away from Steve. Every single thing about this was hell. The second they got out of this mess Tony was kicking the Avengers and everything there was to do with them out of the tower, because they were responsible for this, and there was nothing he had ever experienced worse than Steve saying out loud and with complete certainty that he was miserable because Tony didn’t love him.
“And I thought being disembodied internet comments was weird,” said Tony, who was running his hands over himself to make sure he was appropriately three-dimensional again.
“I just needed to get your attention. I know when I’m being humored, Steve, and if it was something less important I’d let it go. But I need to hear you say it.”
I walk out of the elevator and look around. At first I don’t see anything out of the ordinary, just my regular wide, empty, reinforced space where I become an extremely attractive and shredded green rage monster.
“I already took care of it. She’s going to be living with us for a while, at least until we get an idea of how bad it is,” said Steve.
“Or perhaps he would be more amenable to negotiation after a few days with mjölnir parked on his foot,” said Thor. “Although honestly, I don’t see why we can’t simply take it from him.”
“Wouldn’t be the first time you promised you were sending an unmanned suit and decided to come in it yourself,” said Steve. “Besides, I couldn’t let him get away with those files if he actually came to negotiate in good faith. You made a promise, I didn’t.”
“Cool,” said Tony who started talking to his phone. “Let’s go do something else on Steve’s list. J? Book us a noraebang.”
Tony reached into his suit’s breast pocket and pulled out the invitation he’d been sent for the annual holiday party. The guards looked it over, murmuring something about, “Hammer said there might be VIPs.”
“Nope. All I’m reading these days is the fanfiction people write about us. Did you know my eyes are chocolate orbs? Do you think they mean like Lindt truffles?”
“We are finishing this conversation, Tony,” said Steve. “I will wait as long as it takes for you to find your answer to why you won’t let me love you, but I
“Bruce, honey, first of all, male pattern baldness does not happen to sufficiently rich people unless they want it to. And second of all… I am having a bad hair day, and I don’t want to talk about it.”
And for a split second, he almost wanted to believe him. It would’ve been so easy to close his eyes and pretend that the warmth of Steve’s kiss on his forehead and the stroke of Steve’s thumb on the back of his neck were real. But they weren’t; none of it was. It couldn’t be. He’d only just accepted that Steve was someone he could never have, and he would
“I don’t know why this is on the list, actually,” said Steve. “The Cloisters opened in ‘38. When I was in art school we took a trip up here to draw some of the reliquaries.”
as high stakes as yours were. You were selling war bonds! People you never met lived or died based on how well you did! And one day, when I am not drunk, we will talk about the alienation of labor and how it degrades the soul, but what’s important is that is literally the highest possible amount of pressure you can put on someone’s performance. Bigger performers than you would’ve broken under that weight. But not you, because you’re Steve fucking Rogers, the star-spangled Giles Corey. The whole damn world could be on your shoulders and you’d shout, ‘More weight!’”
“What’s my idea,” parroted Tony, whose brain had expanded its regular eight tracks to sixteen in a frantic attempt to come up with an idea.
“Why would I tell you to shut up when you’re talking about something you like?” asked Steve absent-mindedly, as he started taking in the Kandinsky exhibit.
“Yeah, me too. J, call Porchlight, let’em know we’re coming, and that Steve counts as a party of eight.”
“I love you, Tony,” said Steve, squeezing his hand. Then he pressed a kiss to Tony’s forehead, and stood up from his chair.
“Me too,” said Steve. “You know what she did for fun? Pentagonal tiling. After she put me to bed I used to hear her downstairs swearing she’d cover the damn plane if it killed her.”
“Oh really?” you say as you finish your sandwich and stand up. “And that off-by-one error I found in your chest repulsor code was—”
Tony’s right. It’s going to take time to find and catch up with him, then even more time to convince him to de-Hulk. Enchantress could already be here. We need to start looking.
364 days, 23 hours and 52 minutes later, Steve was leading Tony by the hand through a New Years Eve party that took up three whole floors of a building overlooking Times Square.
He ran back to the table, rummaged through the buttons, and came back with two of them pinned to the inside of his shirt.
HAPPY blushes harder and walks behind the bar. NATASHA walks over to GALAGA GUY by the piano and playfully drapes herself over his shoulders. He jumps and plays some wrong notes at her touch, as if he’s been discovered doing something he wasn’t supposed to be doing.
The skin for the next couple of chapters, on the other hand, was all me. A billion thanks to lomku, for the AMAZING "About Me" drawing.
The alien attack on New York that Steve is referencing may be fictional, but after 9/11 New Yorkers really did line up for hours to give blood. It was actually the only time the NY blood bank has ever had all the blood it needed to fully stock all NYC hospitals. They've been running a shortage ever since.
Steve briefly wondered if he was as much of an open book to everyone or just to Tony, but he decided he didn’t care and nodded. To his relief, Tony didn’t laugh. He just said, “Steve, didn’t you tell me I couldn’t keep you someplace you didn’t want to be? You could play along for now and pull out the aces when the time is right and someone tries to make you do something you don’t want to do. Or you can just duck out now. This is all pretty far outside your comfort zone; no one here would blame you.”
“I’ll take anything that lets us rule out the horror floor as the gospel truth,” says Clint with a shudder.
I can't send the spirit of Rocky Horror to every baby queer figuring it out, but I'm glad I can send it to a fictional one. And to folks reading this - one of the biggest symptoms of being queer is wishing you were. So if Steve's experience spoke to you, don't dream it, be it <3
be able to figure out how to hack all of it, but right now I couldn’t without tipping them off that I was doing it.”
At least if he was sober he could throw himself into his work. So he was hard at work on a new helmet design because why the fuck not, nothing had any meaning anymore, when he heard the dumbwaiter ding and he saw it. Propped against the Burger King bag was a sparkly blue birthday party invitation from Pepper’s niece, Olivia Potts.
“That guy in the pinstripe tie. That is the fifth person who’s given me the stink-eye since we walked onto this floor.”
“Steve, you have to believe me. There is no universe where he hands the scepter over willingly,” said Tony.
“There was a lot of that going around, Steve, and I’m sorry for my half of it. Kind of glad you returned the card anyway. The Smithsonian sure appreciated it, and they’d’ve never forgiven me if I let you get your big glittery mitts all over it.”
A gust of wind hits the “General Store” and its door blows open, revealing nothing but desert on the other side. A beat.
“No, Tony,”  said Steve as the elevator doors opened into the garage level. “Now c’mon, we’re going to be late for the matinee.”
“It isn’t fair for you and the people of Midgard to suffer for the choices I’ve made,” Thor insisted.
“There are two things you need to understand about Justin Hammer,” said Tony. “The first is that he does everything I do, but worse. Lady, gentlemen, I give you the Hammerplex, or Justin’s answer to Avengers Tower. Located in the sunny climes of Hoboken, New Jersey.”
“You’re right. If we’re going to throw down, we shouldn’t do it in the elevator. Want to go have a flame war in the comments section? Or maybe I'll get my suit and we can see what she did to the gym. But I’ll take a brawl with you any day over you running away with your tail between your legs.”
Tony was about to say “Yeah, and what else will you take, hot shot?” Instead he said, “Y— ugh!” as an energy beam hit him in the side, just barely missing Clint.
“Yeah, this is literally a dream I had last week,” said Tony uneasily. “Damn, I hope Strange can help with this. Give me ten minutes to take a really,
And so, later that week, when he and Steve were hanging out in the kitchen eating some of Steve’s leftover birthday cake from the day before and Steve mentioned the weather was looking nice enough for a trip to the Cloisters tomorrow, Tony wasn’t even a little bit worried about keeping things platonic. Because he and Steve were never going to date, and there wasn’t anything else to be done about it.
Remember my friends, the Avengers? One of them, Natasha, had an absolutely marvelous idea: that we should all go on a picnic in Central Park! Picnics are one Midgardian tradition that I really wish we had in Asgard. Where I grew up, food is either functional, or it’s a feast. Midgard has so many wonderfully nuanced and delightful ways to consume food: in restaurants, at themed parties, from food trucks, and at festivals... alright, we do have festivals in Asgard, too, but every day in New York City there is a festival for something somewhere, whether it’s Pickle-fest or a Puerto Rican pride parade or Food Truck week. Asgard only has two major festivals and three minor festivals every year, mostly because we have so many feasts instead. But Midgard has such a marvelous diversity of culinary cultures it makes much more sense to have more specifically themed festivals, and the result is some truly exquisite cuisine.
“You know what would make me a lot happier than wearing a replica of a scarf I knit, Tony?” asked Steve, and now his other hand was running down Tony’s arm. “Have dinner with me tonight.”
“No, stop talking,” Tony said and there was annoyance in his voice, “I want to make sure I’m understanding this. You’ve been putting up with Thor’s bone-crushing side-hugs and Nat’s pokes in the ribs not because you’re trying to meet them halfway to make friends, but because you think, what, that’s just how people are around you and there’s nothing you can do about it?”
Everyone loved dim sum (and the restaurant managed to keep their table fed, albeit after a while the dumplings changed slightly and Tony had a suspicion the manager was getting some help from the restaurants next door), and between the dumplings and the celebration in the air and the company, everyone ultimately left in such high spirits that Tony considered making this a monthly thing, if the restaurant would have them back.
“Wait,” said Toni putin his ram on Seves chest all protective, “I don’t think he’s rea— I think he’s like Pepper was on my floor. Let him say something to be sure.”
“Forget embarrassed, Nat could be bleeding from every orifice and she’d still remember to activate her emergency beacon,” said Tony. “And nobody’s tripped the alarm, so we should still be gravy.”
“Jarvis, I don’t care if it’s a giant foam cowboy hat, I am not leaving the lab like this. Send it down.”
I thought Pepper was going to flay you alive when she found you and that starlet in the broom closet.
Steve, Bruce, Tony, Thor, and Natasha all look around as though something's missing and they're searching for it. There's a conspicuous spot where Clint should be.
“I’ll take anything that lets us rule out the horror floor as the gospel truth,” says Clint with a shudder.
You take a moment to choose your words and then say, “Thor, if I wanted to cast a fire spell, could I do it with a bottle of water?”
“For the plan I have in mind, we won’t have to,” said Natasha. “But if something goes wrong and we’re cornered, we might have to use violence to get out. I can promise it’ll be the least amount of violence available to us.”
! I'm going to be putting an exclamation point at the end of every sentence I write for the rest of today! I'm that thrilled! It's so good!
. We keep coming up with more and more ridiculous words for our genitals and what we do with them because the fact they just hang out in our pants all the time and make us do stupid things, is
“Excuse me, Captain Rogers?” said Jarvis, “Ordinarily I’d wait until morning but you appear to be awake.”
“Yeah, let’s skip the trip to the uncanny valley until this is over. I’m closing in on Cap, what’s your ETA?”
“Don’t bother, I have it in the bag this year,” Tony yelled back through the suit as it gestured for him and the others to leave, before it turned back to Steve and added, “Need a lift?”
,” said Steve in reply. Then he reached out and put a hand on the side of Tony’s face and the warmth and the gentleness and heat of the touch made Tony’s breath hitch.
The second he touched Steve’s face he knew it was a mistake. Steve’s five o’clock shadow was rough under Tony’s knuckles as his thumb pressed gently into Steve’s cheek to remove a few stray pieces of glitter. Tony had to will his hands not to shake as ran his fingers over the lines of Steve’s face: the arch of his brow, the curve of his cupid’s bow, that fucking fantastic jawline, all to get rid of a few damned bits of sparkly plastic. And of course Steve
“I don’t like being places where other people know more than me, alright?” said Tony. “If I’m there to learn whatever it is I don’t know that’s one thing, but if I’m somewhere everyone else knows something that I don’t, especially when it’s something I could hypothetically learn myself, then I feel stupid and unprepared.”
“Hey, when they make a pride flag for that, it’s going right next to this one,” said Tony, pointing to his bi pride pin.
“Magical artifacts are often immune to their own effects. Suppose, for example, the artifact is an enchanted chalice. If there were a floor of the tower entirely comprised of swords, it is unlikely it would be able to change into a sword to disguise itself.”
“Jesus, Steve, the things you do to me,” said Tony, as he reached to put a hand through Steve’s hair. Or at least he tried to, before he realized his hand was still holding the small clump of roots.
Tony,” said Steve, and if Tony didn’t know for certain there was nothing there, the conviction in Steve’s voice would’ve given him pause. “I love you. I’m
“Hey, I don’t want to be rude,” said Tony as he tapped Clint on the shoulder, then held up his phone. “But judging from how much covert pointing I’m seeing and the fact Clint spotted us across the room, our SEPs don’t seem to be working and if we’re not staying I’d very much like to get back to the lab and figure out why.”
“What if I tell them it’s their patriotic duty or something? I might be able to get the president on board. He owes me a favor.”
“Yes. Yes we did,” says Steve glumly, before he immediately says, “Hey Bruce, why don’t we go swimming on the pool floor?”
Tony was about to tell Clint exactly where he could stick his phone when he felt someone grabbing his elbow and forcefully hauling him out of the kitchen.
“I’m sure Tiffany can deal with it,” said Steve as he sat on a bench and faced a wooden statue of a Madonna and child and balanced his sketchpad on his lap. “Now go wander the museum for a bit. Meet me in the chapel with the tombs in an hour.”
Steve stepped out of the nursing room with the mop and bucket. Tony’s comm had gone dead a minute ago, but Tony’s last instructions to him were still ringing in his ears.
being said. See?), Tony would admit his system had a few weak spots. Certain people and situations had a way of getting words past some of his filters before they got to his mouth, particularly the parts designed not to tick people off.
There was a pause, and Tony added, “You’re really making me regret keeping my promise not to come along in the suit.”
“It rules out the furniture and Clint’s grickle-grack trees, whatever the hell they are,” says Natasha with a shrug.
Steve looked, and Tony was right; someone was staring. He didn’t have his phone out yet, but it was only a matter of time.
To the folks who don't want to see it end, this series now has a part 2 and 3. Part 2 is a team bonding fic where everyone shares their embarrassing sex stories and you get more details about the sock and ice cream truck incidents. Part 3 is a short Stony fic of these two having a grown up conversation with each other. Both are spoiler-free standalones too, so you can read or not read either or both :)
“Just what I said. I wish I did like guys. If I did I—” Steve felt the longing start to choke his words. “I just can’t, ok? I wasn’t born that way.”
. I turned around and faced the consequences of my choices head-on. And if you can’t do that, Sparky, if you can’t face the things you’ve done like a man, then you don’t deserve to call yourself an Avenger. And you
None of them seem to care that Steve is fundamentally a nerd who cares more about saving kittens from trees than getting his dick wet.
“Ok, this is fine. I just… can’t leave the lab for the next month. I can do that,” muttered Tony to himself.
“I wanted to be a superhero. She wanted to live a life not worrying if her significant other was going to be eaten by an alien or cut in half by a laser beam,” said Tony.
Tony had no idea what to say to that, so instead he quipped, “Yeah, well, I’ve learned a thing or two about what to get you since the baseball card fiasco.”
“Ok, yeah, I can hear the teenager part now,” wincd Stove, “You’re right. This is probably better than the poetry I wrote when I was that age. I’m no one to judge.”
Jesus CHRIST, Steve. Got any other bombshell confessions you want to get out there? Are you a Hydra agent too?
“You know there’s more letters in LGBT than L and G, right? We added a plus and everything,” said Frank.
“Here’s my last question for you, Sandra,” said Natasha. “Are you willing to help us take him down?”
“The other guy’s not coming, you can stop worrying,” said Bruce. Then his thoughts caught up to him and he said, “Wait, I’m— the other guy wasn’t just here, was he? Did you dress me or something?”
“Nope, too late. Texting my publicist now, she’s trademarking it as we speak. Expect a media and merchandising blitz with the new name by Memorial Day.”
“Did I say that?” said Tony, who was focusing very intently on gathering up all the condiment containers.
“Can it wait until after this song?” asked Thor. “Jane has requested I send her a video of myself performing a ballad called
5/10. Mostly because this would be such an adorable and hilarious meet cute, and I want it to be true SO BADLY.
Steve moved closer, wrapped his arm around Tony’s shoulders, and gently guided Tony’s head to his chest.
Tony stormed out the door, ready to punch God. The rain had let up to a light misting and the wind had died down a bit, but he was still cold and soaked and phone-less.
Pepper and Rhodey looked at Steve like he was from Mars, then at Tony, then at each other, and back at Steve.
“Relax, Steve, I am very much looking forward to us fucking each to pieces. But for now, I think we’re going to have to settle for falling asleep in the same bed.”
Don't call the tabs, it was a one-off thing to convince emo Loki that we weren’t interested in emo Nat.
“That’s just because the clock’s stopped, Tony,” said Steve with a frown. “Grandfather clocks like this—”
THOR and CLINT both laugh and part ways, CLINT scrabbling like a monkey over the rooftops toward the CLOCK TOWER, and THOR back into the JAILHOUSE, looking gratified that he can do
. I have to listen to every idiot with a business degree tell me how their dating app for hamsters is gonna change the world if only they could find an angel investor.”
“I have no idea what any of these mean, but I’m proud to stand with you,” said Thor, which was when Tony realized his cunning scheme had a Thor-sized hole in it. Technically a Steve-sized one too, not that it mattered in his case.
“We dragged you in here while you were still unconscious,” said Natasha’s voice from above, as if reading his mind.
Tony numbly watched Bruce steer Steve toward the elevator and willed his breathing to slow down. It was like his brain was screaming. This was the worst thing that had ever happened in his entire life. He needed to get the fuck out of here.
CLINT points down main street in the opposite of the direction they’d originally come from. There is a giant, ominous green cloud closing in on the town like an unnatural dust storm.
“If I’d been given the mission to sneak something into Avengers tower, ideally I’d want it to be something small and easy to conceal. Something that wouldn’t stand out on an ordinary day, like a quarter or a pair of sunglasses,” says Natasha.
“Hello, security? Yes, be on the lookout for any Avengers who happen to be in the building, apart from Dr. Banner in the lab. Make sure Captain America makes it safely outside too. And if anything so much as hiccups in the vicinity of the vault, inform me right away.”
We ran tooward the lift (Thats british 4 elevator bcuz I am half british thas y I have a accent) but then my eyes roled up & I strated 2 have a vison of the future. But b4 I could see it, Gerart shoted “Nick Fury is your real father!”
“Good, because that’s what you’re getting,” said Tony, “By the way, since you beat me to the proposal, you’ve unlocked number fifteen on the list I just gave you.
“Hm, ok,” said Colleen with a shrug. Then she asked, “Anyway, what about you? What was it like going into space to fight Galactus?”
, just some ah… the team’s running an operation, and I just got an update. Everything’s going according to plan. I don’t think anyone’s hurt or anything. Not that kind of op.”
“What I want—” Steve breathed hotly against Tony’s lips as his hands trailed down past the arc reactor, making Tony’s heart race and his breath stutter, “—is to touch every inch of you with my hands, then follow it up with my mouth. I want to memorize every single thing that makes you moan, makes you shiver. I want to watch you fall apart under me, over, and over, and
“Wait,” says fight-friend Nat (she’s the small you’s favorite, and your favorite too). “Jarvis, open the regular elevator doors.”
It was early in the morning the Sunday after Rocky Horror and they were gathering in the living room, getting ready to take their place to march in the Pride parade. Clint had to go back to his floor of the tower to get more comfortable shoes because he’d assumed, incorrectly, that Tony had commissioned a float for them to ride in.
Crying on the subway is practically a rite of passage when you live in New York City, so Steve being ignored as he became a proper 21st century New Yorker is absolutely expected.
“It’s nothing, I was just wondering why everyone trying to take creep shots of us is swearing at their phones right now.”
“But, this is important,” says Nat hastily, “Bruce is in danger. The kind of danger you can’t protect him from. Magic danger. All of us are. And we need him to get out of it, alright? If we’re going to keep Bruce safe, we have to talk to him, to get his help. But the danger you can protect him from? That’s passed. And you’ve made your point. Steve won’t ever try anything like that ever again,” says Nat.
Justin’s nagging sense of worry at the coincidence of meeting two Avengers today came into sharp focus.
“No, we’d get a notification if it had. The security camera in front of the vault showed nothing, but—” José licked his lips. “But it’s possible someone was there when Dr. Banner was— was having trouble a few minutes ago. We had to coordinate the security response and we might have—”
Fuck. Tony did some quick mental calculus on whether it was better to have this meeting with half of his head bald or a baseball cap that said ‘Ask me about my fuck machines’. Luckily he didn’t need to make that call; a second later, the elevator doors opened and there was Steve, carrying a bag of groceries in each arm and wearing a Dodgers baseball hat. And Steve was always a sight for sore eyes but today, Tony almost gave into several years of pent-up sexual frustration and kissed him out of sheer relief.
“Clint, honey, if you’re really that upset I’m sure I can rustle up one of those little red wagons somewhere, and we can pull you behind us,” said Tony.
“You know they only pretend to be cats on the stage, right? Most of them aren’t furries off-stage. Or if they are, presumably they still eat human food.”
That got Clint’s attention. But when Tony continued to say nothing, Natasha just sighed and stalked off to the elevator bank.
Harold Barton, my father. Tony was right, our brains must be type-casting this place. The real Harold definitely fits as the perennial drunk who belongs in a prison cell.
, the Catholic school teacher?” Tony flounced some imaginary shoulder-length hair. “Show me a book of hours and then you and me can talk about
Aw, Cap, didn’t you read any Western pulps growing up? Everybody knows there’s only three locations that exist in a Western: The saloon, the jailhouse, and the whorehouse.
...Stick with the plan, everyone: follow the pull for however we fight, but keep an eye out for the smartphone.
” said Tony. “But that’s just because I didn’t write it. When we’re done here, I’ll introduce you to a CYOA game that I wrote in my teens that’ll blow your mind.”
“Ready to go?” he asked loudly enough to get through the soundproof glass and echoing through the comms.
Steve thought about it a bit, then said, “I think everything you’re talking about are things you can’t plan for. I think it’s ok to just say that if it turns out we want to move or we don’t want to be Avengers anymore, we can figure something else out.”
After several other heavy thunks, Tony could hear Bob dusting off his hands before he added, “You know what’s funny? My name actually is Bob.”
ready to be thinking about the last time someone had asked him to dance, but then Tony was gesturing at everyone else in the room and shouting, “Chorus! Let’s get an all-Avengers kick line up here!”
Turns out Steve knew what he was talking about, because not even twenty seconds later Tony was ready with a much more complete answer.
“I still have that gun. I’d very much like to upgrade it, but it turns out my second amendment rights are less important than your high and mighty principles.”
“I know you, Steve,” said Tony, still facing the wall. “I know how you are when a mission goes south. You spend the rest of your
Thank you for not hulking out, Bruce. Thor might’ve kicked us out if we smashed up his kitchen as well as his dining room.
“Oh, I’m not. Three chapters in and I already know whodunit. But noir novels have nice imagery to enjoy while you wait for the detectives to catch up, and today felt like a day for revisiting the classics,” said Tony. He got up off the floor and added, “Anyway, I had a blind friend in college who turned me on to listening to books at high speed. Gives my eyes a break from reading code and lets me work while I read.”
“Magical artifacts are often immune to their own effects. Suppose, for example, the artifact is an enchanted chalice. If there were a floor of the tower entirely comprised of swords, it is unlikely it would be able to change into a sword to disguise itself.”
NATASHA snaps out of her reverie and sees IVAN pushing all of his chips into the center of the pile on the table.
’s a distant memory to you, Tony, but I remember my Black neighbors never visiting their cousins in Virginia because of it.”
She lunges for the smartphone, but the ship lurches with another hit, knocking it off the barrel and out of her grasp as the world dissipates into swirling green mist.
“God, you came so close to winning, didn’t you? Real fuckin’ shame your son gave that tell-all interview to Barbara Walters about you kicking him out on his ass when he came out. You might’ve weathered that storm 20 years ago, but the times they are a-changin’, aren’t they dipshit?”
“Jarvis, hack into the computer in closest proximity to the tsum tsuit. Look for anything related to a plan to amplify puppet magic enough to spread it all over New York City, and send it to Bruce. I doubt Bob’ll get far enough to actually implement it, but the team might want it, just in case.”
“Yesterday you said you love that I’m consistently unimaginative. You want to know what I love about
was going to happen?” asked Clint as he stepped up on Tony’s boot, Cap’s shield tied securely to his back.
about the battle for New York. Another guy gave a moving performance about his relationship with his hearing aids and his Hearing friends. One woman performed an enormously creative poem incorporating both
There had been three iron-clad tentpoles to the “Dating Steve Can’t Happen'' construct in Tony’s mind: Tony would get over his own feelings with time, Steve was straight, and dating him would bring instability to the Avengers. Reason number one had turned out to be less than iron-clad. Something about going to California and having to talk himself out of calling Steve every day had grown his crush exponentially. He’d hoped he’d mellow out when he came back to New York, but in a development that should not have surprised him as much as it did, seeing Steve every day just made it worse. And now, reason number two had crumbled into dust; Steve was, in theory, interested in guys. Guys he had a deep personal connection with, and Tony couldn’t deny they definitely had that. Steve hadn’t come out to anyone else. And now that he knew two Avengers were already in a relationship with each other, reason number three, the main tentpole of the bunch, was starting to look a bit shaky.
“I love you too,” said Tony, then turned so the two of them could look out the window, “I guess we finally finished that list, huh?”
“Tony, this might be the last time we spend time together for a while,” said Steve, as he walked over to look at one of the tropical fish displays. “Let’s be adults and look at the damn fish.”
And then both of Steve’s hands were on the sides of Tony’s face, and Steve was kissing him. But it wasn’t just a kiss; it was a promise. And Tony knew Steve too well now to doubt a promise he sealed with a kiss.
Tony knew he couldn’t personally lift himself up in the 600 pounds of dead hardware he was carrying, but he was about to try again anyway when he felt his arm being pulled back as strong hands turned him face-up.
Tony didn’t know what to say to that, so instead he said, “I thought we agreed it would be just the suit down here.”
Tony opened his eyes (when had he closed them?) and was relieved to see the familiar voice was paired with a familiar face in the ambulance.
“That’s a magician, you damned thread menace. I’m in love with you. Meet me in the lab later so I can fix this—”
“Natasha um… Loki and I are… um…” Ateve said all shily & then he looked out the dor & there was Tony who said, “Go on, tell her. It’s the only way, Steve. Try not to gag.”
“In my defense, you’re all extremely hot,” said Tony. Then, as casually as he could, he added, “Anyway, if the rest of you want any, help yourselves.”
“Yeah, we were in space fighting Galactus, and there’s no way any of us could beat that guy at beer pong.”
“Pause. You’re uncomfortable now, but I’ll bet you’re feeling like you can’t say anything, right? That’s what the second hand and the long contact was for - setting her up to come in close while you feel like you can’t say ‘no’ now.”
“There’s no such thing as coincidences, Enrique,” said Hammer as he pulled out his cellphone. “And I’m about to prove it. Gina?”
“I’m sorry for keeping secrets from you. We’re going to talk about what happened later,” said Steve.
“What?” said Steve, taken aback, before he recovered and added, “I mean, thank you. You’ve made the right choice.”
- English, barely - Natasha Romanov, Steve Rogers, Tony Stark - Chapters: 1 - Words: 417- Reviews: 0 - Favs: 0 - Follows: 0 - Updated: March 19, 2005 - Published: March 19, 2005 - Status: Incomplete - id: 1029802
...Mine safety is so precarious. I certainly hope you designed the elevators in your tower to be dynamite-proof, Mr. Stark.
“And yet, I don’t ever get tired of saying it,” said Steve as he stroked the side of Tony’s face. “I love you, Tony. I wouldn’t ever want to love anyone else.”
Also, I forgot it was established in canon that Sarah Rogers was a nurse. Ah well. She made shoes in this universe.
CAPTAIN ROGERS gets up from the captain’s chair and LIEUTENANT COMMANDER ROMANOV takes his place. He runs into the TURBOLIFT.
“Not without getting caught,” said Tony. “People tend to take pictures of Iron Man when he’s whizzing around Hoboken, and even if they didn’t, there’s a camera just outside the target.”
No, stop writing! Or at least stop writing out our plans here. She said she’d be watching, right? What if our last plan didn’t fail because of bad luck? What if she’s reading the comments?
Steve made to put the back of his hand against Tony’s forehead but Tony swatted it away with his free hand.
except lose his shit at the Guggenheim and drunkenly force Steve to sing show tunes at the noraebang? Was it just… proximity? They were on outing number three of their little experiment and they’d gotten here already? Pepper was right, this spending time together shit was
“Yeah, but the suit camera’s already sent the video to Secaucus PD, as well as a promise of Sokovian mafia assassins tied up neatly outside,” said Tony.
“Exactly,” says Tony, as he writes a quick list of the Avengers section of the tower on a scrap of paper. You look at the paper and read:
Natasha reached over toward the debit card slot on the ATM, wrapped her fingers around the plastic protrusions, and pulled. They came away easily, revealing a second, smaller set of plastic slats underneath.
“You’re right, I’m just the warm-up act,” said Tony, who then proceeded to absolutely kill it on the first verse, which did nothing to help Steve feel less nervous. He hadn’t sung since… jeez, it must’ve been in the church back in Brooklyn. The hell would he even sound like?
Either she saw me press the button for Steve’s floor or she changed it as a precaution once she heard me say I knew what and where the artifact was. Looks like the search is going to be more difficult than we thought.
She smirked and said, “I’m just a friendly stranger tonight, sweetie, but if it helps you can call me Frank.”
“Oh no,” I say, the anticipation already ratcheting up inside me, “If this is what I think it is, and I’m the main character, then I need to get back in the elevator
You don’t fully understand everything she’s saying, but you do feel calmed by her words. You feel the small you start to take over, and you decide to let him. After all, if the small you comes into danger again, you’re never far away.
“Yeah yeah, laugh it up, Mr. Creamy Goodness,” said Steve, which set off a brand new round of side-splitting laughter from them both.
,” said Tony angrily, but then he took a breath. “You know what? That makes sense. You’ve spent your whole life never telling anybody not to touch you, I can’t expect you to start today.”
Tony felt like he’d been slapped, and it wasn’t just because Steve was telling him to suck it up. Ordinarily that’d be a one-way ticket to fight-town, but in the same breath Steve had said he was a better person because he spent time with Tony. And that was so completely the opposite of how this whole thing worked. Steve was the one that made everyone around him better. You couldn’t help it; he was like a walking breathing example of how you could do better if you
“Thank you, Marissa. Really. Just — thank you,” said Tony, privately resolving to look her up and pay off her student loan debt later. And he’d never meant anything more sincerely in his life. In that moment he was so fucking grateful for this lifeline in the sea of shit that was today, that he was pretty sure he was going to ride this gratitude wave for the rest of the day.
“They establish in one of the later books that it’s practically impossible to make something invisible through technology, but it
“So that’s how they celebrate my birthday these days,” said Steve drily. Then he remembered Colleen probably didn’t know when his birthday was before this conversation, which meant… yeah, she was gaping at him. Here we go.
Steve looked back and forth between her and Tony, and felt a strange mix of indigence that Tony had done that without telling him and
“If it comes down to it, we can even move you into Avengers Tower for extra protection. But if we do this right, no one will be the wiser of your involvement.”
THE AVENGERS arrive in a one-road GHOST TOWN. Almost all of the buildings are falling apart. The only ones that look like they have any life left in them are the SALOON, the JAILHOUSE and the WHOREHOUSE. The CLOCK TOWER overlooking the town is at 11:00. STEVE dismounts the moment he’s able to.
“I’ll put an extra packet on the side and let you decide on the way,” said Jasmine as she got to work making coffee with enough caffeine to kill an elephant, also known as ‘The Tony Stark.’ “The card reader’s already closed down for the day, do you have cash?”
“You told me to come tonight, Tony,” said Steve as he looked down at the floor. “And I trust that you know me, and that you know what I’m getting into better than I do. So I’m staying.”
“That’s CYOA-speak for starting over, not giving up!” Tony shouts from below (you’re now eight feet tall and growing fast). “Did they not have CYOA in the 40’s?”
Everyone else cheered Thor on as he absolutely butchered something upbeat and poppy. But Tony sat back on the bench next to Steve and said, “Ok, I’m out of ideas. What is it? What’s wrong?”
“I cannot begin to express how much I resent having to get involved in this,” said Director Fury, and Tony felt relief wash through him (
“No,” said Tony. “In case you didn’t notice, Clint and I went shot for shot at karaoke a month and a half ago.”
“Look, whatever is happening here,” Colleen gestured between Tony and Steve. “It’s clear we’re not welcome, alright? C’mon, Doug, do you want to get out of here?”
There was some quiet when, Hammer guessed, Tony communicated with his super friends back at the tower who were watching the proceedings through the suit’s cameras. Then the suit opened in the front and Tony stepped out. Hammer grinned, and blessed his silver tongue.
Steve chuckled, then added, “I also don’t pick stupid fights with you anymore. And I think that’s my favorite improvement of all.”
“The Howlies, one of their nicknames for me was ‘Bashful,’” said Steve. “They even put a patch on my tent that looked like the dwarf from the movie. The difference is that back then, bashful guys were a lot more common. And the songs on the radio used a lot more euphemisms. So it wasn’t as big of a problem.”
Which… was exactly what Tony expected. Halfway across the city, Avengers Tower was going into lockdown. Which any of the remaining five of them would cancel, and then get to work finding out why it had happened, and then hopefully tracking the now activated homing beacon in the remote. In hindsight, Tony probably shouldn’t’ve dropped a closing quip like that until the team got here. Whatever, he was having one of the worst days of his life, and it wasn’t like Bob was going to appreciate his wit anyway.
“Maybe that’s the problem,” said Bruce, the local doctor, “We’re always chasing it. But that runs against the grain of the story, right? Maybe we should try to let the narrative bring it to us.”
“One more educated guess: I don’t think it’s on the Hulk containment floor either. You remember what it was like there: empty except for the floor itself and his shredded, shredded abs. No haystack to hide a needle in there.”
Tony stopped and pulled back to look Steve full in the face. There was longing there, but also nerves, and— holy crap. Steve had— Tony had just
Images: An entire slide with pictures of nudibranchs. They're in tons of beautiful colors and shapes. Some are pink with soft spikes, some are orange with black and white spots, some are purple with orange spikes, some are green with orange spots. All look like slugs in the ocean, but the range of colors are staggering
Steve spent the next few hours narrowing down possible escape routes for his would-be assassins and finding new ones. As soon as he was finished, he headed back downstairs to the lab, but saw his entry permissions had been revoked.
Steve held the plastic tub up to Tony’s chin to catch the petals with one hand and stroked Tony’s hand with the other.
Tony was going to make a quip about having a hair braiding night, but it died in his throat when he noticed Steve, looking like a kicked puppy as he cradled his maybe four-inch shield in his hands.
“You drive this car because you give so much of your salary away to charity, it’s all that you and your husband can afford. You do all that good, and yet you’re working at
“Magic is limited by proximity. For an artifact-based enchantment to affect the tower from Earth’s moon, it would require a likely unsustainable amount of power from thousands of sorcerers working together,” says Thor.
Instantly, a second Steve (this one in an actual tux) materialized in front of them, which was not helping at
Tony looked up from his phone and saw Steve was right, everyone else waiting in line with them in front of the Nuyorican Poets Cafe was signing with each other, and there were hearing aids and cochlear implants as far as the eye could see.
is on the same comm line as the rest of you, thanks,” said Tony as he loaded a blender with ingredients for a strawberry smoothie. “And Steve would be whining too if he was the one getting avocado-masher carpal tunnel. He’s just lucky that my face is too iconic to work at the window and all he has to do is slap on some suspenders, a newsboy cap, and some tacky glasses and all anyone sees is ‘hot hipster chef.’”
No disrespect intended to fans of ALW's Cats here, but I don't think it's a surprise to anyone that neither Steve nor Tony is a fan of that particular musical.
“Yeah, I can see how that’d be confusing, big guy,” said Bruce, who gave a rudimentary explanation of Chinese Lunar calendar and the Gregorian calendar. He didn’t go into leap years or the Hebrew or Julian calendars, which felt a bit incomplete to Tony, but nobody else seemed to care.
“I think Operation Stark Lark can make a tactical sacrifice for Operation Steve Smooch,” said Tony. Then he added, “Look, if your date sucks, just buy some extra cronuts or whatever, bring’em back to the lab, and we’ll commiserate over carbs.”
Tony looks like he’s going to object, but Steve cuts in with a, “You know what? Sandwiches sound great. Let’s go make some.”
“Yeah! Yeah, Nick Fury, he hates the Chemical Romance. He might try to stop us! We should hurry!” siad Steve.
“Then we can deal with that when it comes. And just so you know, it’s not a deal breaker to me if you’re an Avenger or not. I love Tony Stark. Iron Man’s just a bonus.”
There was Tony, seated on a bench in the middle of the greenery and medieval stone columns of the courtyard, deep in discussion with a kid who couldn’t have been older than six. She was wearing an Iron Man shirt and holding an Iron Man doll, and clearly asking a thousand questions, which Tony was answering with wild gesticulations and exaggerated faces.
, thought Tony as he immediately jumped up, slipped the remote into his pocket, and said, “Sorry, Clint! Now you know about this one I’m getting rid of it. The good news is there’s another horny panic button somewhere else in the room. The bad news is you’ll never find it.”
Steve looked up and all he could see was Tony, reaching out to him through the pane of glass. So Steve took a breath, then took his hand.
“I’m easy for you, Steve. I’m here, and you know that I’m interested and the twenty-first century is scary and new, and you don’t want to do the work to find the right person to share your life with, because the more people you meet the more you have to lose if you fall into the ice again.”
“If Buzzfeed can screw up one of theirs, I can screw one of mine,” said Tony. “Now c’mon, let’s get out of here.”
Clint loosed an arrow at the same time Thor hurled mjölnir. The hammer was like a part of his own body, and it was easy as breathing to guide it to follow the arrow directly.
It was at that point Steve realized neither Colleen nor Doug was walking with them in the direction of Tony’s suite. So Steve turned around and saw them both looking angry and embarrassed and like they wanted to be anywhere but here.
even, not even a little bit, but Clint looked equal parts green with nausea and red from embarrassment, and Tony decided to drop it.
Tony felt an elbow in his ribs and saw Bruce gesturing in the direction of the men’s room at the top of the escalator.
“For now,” said Tony. “But, by the time we’re finished speaking, you’re going to agree to hand it over yourself.”
Steve tamped down on his rising disappointment and said, “Apart from the continued safety of the entire planet?”
“Then clearly we need to be the weirdest nonsense on the whole floor.” said Tony “Hey! Natasha! Real sorry, but I can’t join your band because of my deepest, darkest secret. You see… I am… Gerard Way in disguise!”
“Distraction,” gritted Steve as he swept Tony’s legs successfully, “Jarvis, is there anything else going on in the city she could be distracting us from?”
The year is 2030. You’re standing on a pile of rubble that used to be the Empire State building. Judging by the position of the stars, first watch is about to end, and you’re looking forward to getting a good night’s sleep, albeit with an empty belly. For a moment, you think back to your old life, when you used to look up and long to see the stars in New York City. You belatedly wish you’d combed the tower for a monkey’s paw.
That's the end! Thank you all for reading my goofy story. Let me know whose presentation you liked best in a comment.
Tony turned and exhaled slowly as he left the room. Natasha would’ve known he was lying about the other button. She also would’ve known Tony didn’t actually have a call from Director Fury. Thank fucking God Clint wasn’t Natasha.
“I already told you, it’s not inspiration coffee, it’s miracle coffee,” said Tony as he walked over to the cafe’s ATM. “Because there is nothing, short of a miracle, that will get us into that safe.”
Tony clutched at his stomach, and Hammer watched with glee from above the crate as red spots bloomed on his back and torso under the rips of fresh bullet holes.
There was quiet for a second, then Steve felt Tony’s hand on his shoulder. Steve looked up and Tony was looking at him earnestly with warm brown eyes. And it was like the entire universe shrank down to the two of them.
Ultimately, all Tony got was a splinted finger, some extra-strength tylenol, a short stint on an IV drip, a crap-load of gatorade and a ride back to the tower.
Once he was satisfied he was far enough removed from the original manhole, Tony picked a ladder and climbed. He still couldn’t go back to the tower, so his current plan was to make his way over to a hotel that would recognize him well enough to accept the “my wallet is in my other pants” excuse, take literally any room they had available, and sleep until the heat death of the universe. Or until Natasha showed up to haul him to the next movie night, which would probably be a lot sooner. Whatever, he could deal with that when it came, just not fucking today.
,” muttered Tony as he kicked the propulsors into high gear and did a little aerial spin on the way to the park. To Tony’s consternation, Clint just clung a little tighter. The bastard.
Tony rubbed his face and said, “Tell them… tell them I’m fine. And that I’m not coming back to the tower tonight. Tell them I’m sitting this one out.”
“Just because the particles are small doesn’t mean statistical significance matters any less, Tony.”
I guess I can kinda see the silver fox angle. Or maybe Steve secretly likes getting bossed around. And who doesn’t like a man in uniform?
Three hours later, after Steve had run out some of his anxious energy and showered, he walked into the lab with a cup of coffee.
By Odin’s beard, I’m so excited I can barely type! Do you remember my dear friend Tony, the eccentric one? Yes, his eccentricities can be quite strange at times (you would not believe the places I’ve found him falling asleep after many hours of inventing in his laboratory. Once, I saw him kneel down to tie his shoes and moments later he was snoring with his head on his knee, still kneeling!) but he has a very kind, and generous heart. He’s been known to show it in the form of spontaneous and extravagant gifts from time to time. Well, I’m delighted to say I’ve just been on the receiving end of one such gift. Tony has just offered to fly me, my beloved Jane, and all of the rest of our little Avengers family to Rome!
Of course it wasn’t until he was actually inside the aquarium two hours later that he realized a sparkly blue mermaid invitation to an aquarium after hours birthday party was something for your
“And yet, you came up with a plan to meet each other half-way. Do you think Howard would have done that either?”
Steve felt the familiar warmth set into his cheeks. Now was not the time to bring up that no, it hadn’t been seventy years. It had been never. In Steve’s whole life he’d only liked two people enough to even imagine getting that intimate with them. But he’d never gotten the chance with Peggy, and now it sounded like he’d never get the chance with Tony either.
“Oh, that? No, you’re not, I said it. Is that why you stopped the elevator? J, you can start’er up again.”
“No. Shield diverted the usual flowers and stuff from the fans to security in case the assassins were trying for round two,” said Steve.
And she was right. Steve had been talking himself out of asking Tony out for months. One way or the other, they had to get this in the open.
There was a beat, then Tony said, “Christ, how do we keep getting sidetracked like this?” as he moved away from the table and rolled his shoulders. “Ok, ordinarily I’d have you run the scenario again until you got the hang of saying ‘no,’ but the whole point of social engineering is that it preys on your inability to know what’s coming next. So I’ve got a couple more scenarios to throw at you, some with social engineers and some without, and I’m not going to tell you which is which, or which of the holograms in each scenario are the con artists. The goal is to get you to start listening to your gut about your bodily boundaries no matter what the situation is. Got it?”
“Ok, kill the repulsor,” said Tony, then he pressed on the top of the casing again. This time it did give a little. So Tony marshaled his still-aching muscles and pressed as hard as he could.
The air became alive with the same gunfire Hammer had heard just a moment before, then cut off abruptly.
“Hey, can I get—” started Colleen, but Tony was already down the aisle. Then she turned to Steve and said, “Is he always this rude?”
And Steve didn’t have any good reply to that, so he went over to the back of Tony’s suit and started unbuttoning the collar and zipping down the back, willing his fingers not to stray into the dark curls of hair at the nape of Tony’s neck or trace the curve of Tony’s spine as he did.
and so did Steve, his fingers tangling in Tony's hair and his teeth catching on Tony's lip, making Tony groan with want. There was just so
Before BRUCE can reply, there’s a gunshot and he’s bleeding at the shoulder. A second later he’s turning green and growing in size. The rest of the group takes cover as more gunshots rain down on them, and THE HULK roars and runs toward one of the SHOOTERS. STEVE reaches for his shield, sees it’s not there, and realizes it’s become the sheriff’s star on his shirt in this universe. He gives an exasperated sigh, takes out his hand gun and starts returning fire. NATASHA digs into her little beaded purse, pulls out a small revolver and also fires. THOR takes his hand gun out of his holster.
Tickets to Shakespeare in the Park are free, but usually require getting to Central Park around 5 AM and getting comfortable waiting in line for tickets handed out at noon. Still highly recommend it - bring a blanket and a picnic basket and some sun screen and a good book (or fanfiction) and make a day of it.
“Please tell me whatever asshole did this didn’t christen themself ‘The Puppeteer’,” said Tony as Steve laid him down on the stretcher.
“Yeah, that’s fair,” you say with a chuckle. You’re confident that whatever’s going on isn’t malicious, so you might as well roll with whatever weird practical joke they’re playing.
Super old and very married. Also, this guy turned out to be a huge dick after the war when he jumped on the McCarthyism bandwagon.
“Look, I really shouldn’t be telling you this, but if all you need is something to make phone calls, we just threw out a bunch of flip phones that weren’t selling well. They’re in the dumpster out back, in the boxes with blue X’s on them. They’re not exactly Starkphones, but—”
So what the hell was Steve going on about with Tony making him a better person? Tony didn’t know how to do that. He was stumbling every second through his own being-a-better-person experiment now that he was trying to save lives instead of inventing stuff that took them, and he was fucking that up literally all the time. Tony had no idea how to make other people better, least of all Captain America.
“Nah, I learned that last year when I fucked my boyfriend through the ball drop when we were supposed to kiss.”
Ten minutes of explanation later, Bruce asked, “How long have you been sitting on the ‘weird bug’ excuse to get me out of the lab?”
“All quiet, Nat,” you say gently, as you watch her eyes go from fearful to hopeful to stony in a flash. She must’ve been dreaming of the good old days.
Tony passed by the room full of festive decorations and what was undoubtedly the party planning committee putting the final touches on a truly pathetic-looking Christmas party (not even a DJ, just an iPod in a speaker) and walked over to the room with a sign that said “Coat Check” scotch taped to the door. The pings on his phone were getting stronger.
Nat gave a small smile as she extricated herself from Thor, then said, “Thank you. And if any of you make any ‘ace up your sleeve’ quips, I’m killing you in your sleep.”
THE AVENGERS all turn to face the cloud. It stops just at the edge of where the town turns into the desert. Out of the mist steps a black stallion carrying AMORA THE ENCHANTRESS (mid-40s/ancient, cruel, petty, scheming), wearing a green outlaw outfit and cold smirk. In her hand is a chain that extends backwards into the mist. It seems to grow or shrink with her movements.
“If I’d been given the mission to sneak something into Avengers tower, ideally I’d want it to be something small and easy to conceal. Something that wouldn’t stand out on an ordinary day, like a quarter or a pair of sunglasses,” says Natasha.
“Is this what it’s like for all of you when Steve’s yelling at me?” said Tony. “This is… wow, the not-a-moron high ground is great, I’m never leaving here again.”
“I think I know what’s up,” said Bruce, as walked onto the stage. “Steve thinks it’s a problem that he can’t sing.”
“Tony, I’m going to touch your shoulder,” said Steve. They stopped walking, and Tony didn’t shrug him off or make a quip. So Steve gently pulled him in for an embrace.
“I don’t want to fight with you at all, Tony,” said Steve, with a sort of tired gentleness that put butterflies in Tony’s stomach. “I want to learn how to speak to you kindly, how to make you laugh and how to apologize when I’ve hurt you. Most of all I want to learn how to tell you that I love you so you believe it. It kills me that I can love you
Steve stopped pacing. Tony was coming back today. He’d promised to come into the common room first thing. He’d be there any minute.
“No, I really didn’t. I said I’d think about it. Because what you’re describing is really, really different from the way me and everyone else I knew was raised when I was growing up. I need to do some reading on what it’s like, raising children in mixed faith households and how other Christians do it. I need to research whether what you’re describing is good and healthy for a child, and honestly I need to pray about this. I don’t know enough about this to give you an answer yet. That’s not the same thing as ‘no.’”
Steve thought briefly). “Well, as badly as I’d like to say you’re right, that in real life I would’ve shouted ‘Get yer stinkin’ paws off my Captain!’ and tied her up rodeo style, I’m not sure I would have.”
“Quit whining,” said Steve Tony reluctantly got inside the car. Before he closed the door on Tony, he leaned down and added, “It’s one of the longest running musicals of all time. Millions of people have seen it. How bad can it be?”
“Yeah, the collar was the worst part. I used to ask the road manager to change it and all he’d say was, ‘Captain America doesn’t wear a scarf, Steven.’”
“Like it? New hologram technology. Calling it BARF for now. Gonna show it off at MIT in a couple of months. The speaker system’s state of the art too, listen.”
knows how to stall is by telling people what it was like going through labor with triplets, so save your bullshit for someone who cares, Tony, we need to
Tony opened his palm, showing Steve the clump of roots he held there. They were nothing compared to the main root he’d expelled three years ago, or even the ones he’d coughed up in the year following, but it was definitely larger than any of the ones he’d expelled recently.
“Yours,” said Tony. Steve didn’t need to see that Tony was functionally nesting on the couch in the lab these days, and the thought of going to sleep surrounded by Steve’s scent and Steve’s things and Steve’s arms wrapped around him was literally the best thing he could possibly think of.
Tony exhaled heavily and bit back about a thousand petty things he could’ve said. Tony didn’t know what barrel Pepper had scraped the bottom of to find Colleen, but rescuing Steve from her crap had been a full time project all day. And now, apparently, he had to rescue Steve
Tony smirked, then said, “Well, been a while since we’ve snuck out of a party to have sex, I guess we’re due.”
“Twitter can suck it. By this time next week, people everywhere will be going to their barbers and asking for The Tony Stark,” said Tony.
The following seven images are styled and illustrated to look like a Dr. Seuss-style children's book. Steve is wearing a blue shirt with a white star, and red and white striped pants. Bruce is wearing an over-sized green shirt and purple pants. Tony is wearing a red shirt with a blue dot in the center and yellow pants. Thor is wearing red pants and a grey shirt with six white circles on it. Natasha is wearing a maroon shirt with grey pants.
“Sorry, old habits,” said Clint, shrugging his shoulders. That was when he noticed that everyone was wearing what looked like Dr. Seuss versions of their combat outfits.
“I want to help people too, in one way or another. Right now being an Avenger is the way that works, but one day it might be something else. I also want to invent things, maybe change the world once or twice, with the things I make. Which’ll mean spending a lot of time in the lab. That work for you?”
Bruce wrote his first dissertation on dragonfly habitats and got the tattoo when he was out celebrating his successful thesis defense. The placement issue did not occur to him because he was very, very drunk at the time.
“No, Tony. I’m not— I just need a little bit of time to get my thoughts together, I’m not trying to compel you into saying anything. Go do whatever it is you do on your phone for a bit. By the time we get there I’ll know what I want to say.”
“Somebody wanted to know if they’d figured out in the 21st century how a country full of normal people let a guy like Adolph run the show and murder all their neighbors,” said Steve, “and if there was a way to make sure it never happens anywhere ever again.”
“Magnificent! I like this tradition already.” said Thor, who immediately produced a flask from God knows where and took a swig.
That got Tony’s attention. He put down the soldering iron, and spun around on his stool to face Steve.
Tony looked into Steve’s eyes and saw a jumble of emotions: intent, want, apprehension, nerves, doubt, and a lot of hope. Most of all he saw Steve, holding his breath, willing Tony to give him a sign. And in the end, Tony always gave Steve anything he wanted.
And that caught Steve off guard. He looked at the painting: a Picasso of a blonde woman seated in an armchair. Then he looked back at Tony.
“Guess my luck had to run out someday,” said Tony with a sad smile. “Damn, I was really hoping for type A Hanahaki.”
They sat in tense silence for a moment or two, before Tony said, “If you think you’re going to wait me out for an apology, you’ve got another think coming.”
“That’s really all it’ll take to short the motion sensors and lasers in the vents?” said Steve. “One lightning strike?”
“Oh man,” said Steve, who was laughing himself a bit now. “I can’t wait to hear the joke I just told in the lines of the conversation we just skipped.”
Sandra sighed and said, “Five months. I could’ve done it in one, but I went out on maternity leave in the middle.”
“Watch the security footage and then tell me who’s suing who,” Tony spat over his shoulder, and he slammed the door behind him on his way out.
“Like you’ve never hulked out in your suite before,” says Tony as he pushes aside some papers and takes a seat on your desk. Then he opens his mouth as if to say something, stops, and says, “Steve, you’re driving. You’ve got to pick.”
He wasted no time getting back to his floor on the tower, but he had a hunch a few SI employees had snapped pictures of him on his way to the elevator. He confirmed that hunch when he made the mistake of checking Twitter and saw that #TonysHats was trending. And half the tweets were asking if Tony had shit his pants. Thanks a lot, Clint.
Tony reached for his wallet and suppressed the urge to roundhouse kick the Valentine’s Day gift card display.
9/10. Records seem to indicate she was into Steve and Steve was into her. And I will be disappointed as hell if Steve didn’t shoot his shot. But Steve’s a shy idiot so he might not have.
This chapter features original art by me, Gogglor! I am quite pleased to say this is a highly representative sample of my artistic prowess.
need to add “getting arrested” to his list of shitty things that had happened today. “I — I’m sorry. I’m going, ok? Goodbye.”
“Hey, now that we’re here, does anyone want to tell my friend what karaoke or a noraebang is?” said Steve. “He’s embarrassed to ask.”
“Give us a minute, Helen,” said Steve, and the second she was out the door Steve had crossed the room, and he had Tony’s face in his hands and desperation in his eyes.
I turn to Donny and say, “Ah, listen. I’m flattered but I’m not looking for any, um… for any butt-pounding right now.”
“She’s priming you. You gave her an opening for contact when you held out your hand. She took it, and she’s adding just a liiiiiittle bit more contact than you were offering. Not enough to break the social contract yet, but enough to set the precedent for her next advance. Speaking of which, keep playing, J.”
“Send Pepper an invoice, she has a special circular file for it,” said Tony through the suit’s speakers.
what’s happening here,” said… Doug? Doug had been consistently sweet and generally a great guy to be around all day. Where the hell was this coming from?
And Steve thought about this year; how he, without realizing, had been finding new things to make him happy through this list, while also building relationships with the team (especially Tony) as he did it. There wasn’t just the dent in the wall at the gym; there was a magnet on the fridge from the Guggenheim. There was a printout of the Buzzfeed list taped to his wall. There was someone he could talk to about things like this. He realized that the tower might not be home yet, but there was a foundation there now where there hadn’t been before. And that with more care invested in this place and the people around him, maybe with time, the rest of it would come too. It had been so hard to invest that kind of care when he was in a new city every week and when he never knew which of his reports would be going home in a wooden box the next day, but here? There was potential. Steve had the effort and the care to pour into it. He could put in the time too.
“I dunno what their deal is tonight,” said Tony. “Also, I’m almost afraid to ask, but what was wrong with Brian?”
what a year it had been. The collapse of SHIELD, finding out Bucky was alive only to lose him again, adding Sam to the Avengers, and Tony holding Steve’s hand when he came out publicly. They’d been through all of it, and it had only strengthened the home in his heart Steve had built with Tony. It was like having an anchor when before he’d had to go where the waves took him. Like he was lit with a candle on the inside when before he’d been reaching in the dark. Like all the glass panes that used to stand between him and the world were gone, and he was finally
to pretend he was too shy to come up close so the driver would have to come out to him, and then stole the truck to drive over to the party. And you know what the kicker is, Steve?”
“That reminds me,” said Tony as he dug through his pockets. “We’re pretty covered up now but once we get inside we have to check our coats. Clip this to your shirt collar when we do. It’s called a SEP.”
Bruce started to take stock of the situation. He was in the tower elevator (the regular one). He’d just pushed away from Steve, and Tony and Natasha were looking him over with matching
“Wait,” said the guard behind Natasha as he put down his gun on the table and raised his hands over his head. “Wait, we’re with you.”
Much Ado About Nothing also wasn't playing for Shakespeare in the Park in the summer of 2013, but a play about two idiots who're crazy for each other but can't seem to get together until their friends scheme to set them up just felt appropriate for this chapter for some reason.
Tony blinked and looked around. To his right was a small crowd of whatever stragglers hadn’t left the park when it closed officially, all of whom had their phones out and were undoubtedly about to get paid handsomely by TMZ for their footage of Tony Stark’s mental breakdown. To his left was a cop with his hand on the taser at his hip.
You take a moment to choose your words and then say, “Thor, if I wanted to cast a fire spell, could I do it with a bottle of water?”
. Never mind that I built this company with my own two hands and a small one million dollar loan from my father. Never mind that the U.S. army rates Hammertech weaponry the eighth best they’ve ever used. In the end, it comes down to what horse you pick.”
“First, please kill the music, I’m about to spontaneously combust with sheer kawaii energy. Then send the following message to the team’s cell phones,” said Tony as he braced his hands on the top of the casing. “Hi, guys. Sorry I missed movie night. It turns out the Puppeteer has a brother and they were combining their powers. I ran into him in a sewer workshop below where we fought today, but he escaped and I can’t go after him. Don’t worry, I’m fine. But he’s got puppet magic amplifiers set up around the city and he’s planning to set them all off tomorrow morning. First name is Robert, about five and a half feet tall, brown hair, wearing some embarrassing-looking multi-color bad-guy spandex and a domino mask. He said the guy we caught was his brother, maybe start there? I dunno. Please don’t come after me, I really am fine, and I’m not in danger or wounded, I promise. Ok Jarvis, you can send that.”
—” Tony keened as Steve bit gently into his collarbone and trailed fingers up the inside of his thigh.
“Steve, remind me to send some chocolates or something to whoever wrote this list,” said Bruce, who hadn’t looked this excited since he’d gotten a tank of sea cucumbers for Christmas last year. “We should’ve done this ages ago.”
You bellow with rage and lunge into the room. Steve jumps out at the last second and the doors slam, and you feel the room plunging down until it abruptly halts and opens into the quiet room. Your rage is endless, and you promptly take it out on the floors, the ceiling, the walls, everything. Some time later, you find yourself sitting in a corner, too angry to think of what to try smashing next. You feel the small you starting to come back, and you decide to let him. You’ve had a good smash, and the fight-friends know better than to hurt the small you. So you close your eyes and feel yourself start to shrink.
Tony was still scanning the scene when he felt his elbow tug forward like it was being pulled by an invisible string. Then there was a tug on his knee. Then his other knee.
“I’ll take anything that lets us rule out the horror floor as the gospel truth,” says Clint with a shudder.
“I almost stopped here, but Sanda told me to watch to the end, and she had the murder-eyes look that Pepper gets when I really need to pay attention,” muttered Tony.
They’d intended to stay for the fireworks, but they hadn’t made it far from the restaurant before someone unexpectedly set off a few private firecrackers nearby and the sound had made everyone but Thor jump. Some of them momentarily started looking for cover.
the crush I got on Tim Curry after I saw it for the first time,” said Tony with a nostalgic smile. “Took a bit to recognize it for what it was, though. And it wasn’t long after that when I realized that maybe it wasn’t an accident that my bedroom had a poster of Han right next to the poster of Leia. And that maybe straight boys didn’t jerk off to the idea of sleeping with both of them.”
“Ok everyone!” said the woman at the front of the line who was signing as she was speaking. “Either have your tickets or your money ready!”
Twenty minutes later, when Tony’s coat was stained with old spaghetti sauce and something else rancid as he pawed open a box with a blue X on it, the wave had diminished to a surge. Two minutes after that, when he was out of the dumpster and snapping his SIM card into a glittery, lilac Hello Kitty flip phone, the surge was a light wake. When the phone immediately started ringing, with Rhodey’s name flashing across the front, the wake became a vortex of anxiety. Why was Rhodey calling
Pepper sent both Doug and Colleen huge apologetic fruit baskets after this. Colleen's included a note that ended with, "By the way, Doug is bisexual and you're his type." She did not know that Colleen had already found that out for herself when she went with Doug to a diner near the stadium to commiserate about that horrible date, and then left with each other's numbers in their phones and plans to catch a movie next weekend.
I added some hyperlinks for terminology that might not be familiar for folks who don't hang out in Deaf spaces, but if you know what the word is you don't have to click on them, they're just there for clarification.
, which was Tony’s favorite kind of project when he was her age). He’d also made a habit of going to her family birthday party with Pepper every year with whatever tech he thought would feed her interest. And even though Tony hadn’t blinked at missing board meetings, charity events, and SHIELD briefings while he was nursing his broken heart up in the lab, something about missing Olivia’s birthday party just felt like a bridge too far.
talented oluka for this absolutely GORGEOUS art update! I just love the way she plays with light in her art, so I knew she'd make something stunning for the aquarium kiss scene and
I ran 2 my room & slammed the door so I could cry tears of blood. Then I put my iPod nano in the dock and lissend 2 Im Not Ok by MCR bu then Steve came & said, “Natasha, we should talk.”
“Let’s get on with it,” said Clint as he settled down into the conference room chair. “I’ve got Knicks tickets tonight with a smokin’ hot neurologist and I’ve already cancelled on her twice.”
“Nothing for me. This is an inspiration coffee run for Tony. He’s been working on a problem for the last eighteen hours and he’s hit a wall,” said Natasha.
“Tony, I can be friends with you, but… but you’re not the only one who thought he might have been dreaming, down in the lab.”
“That’s my Sandra, always looking out for me,” grinned Justin. “But seriously, do we need another take?”
Tony exhaled slowly and looked out the window, before he continued, “She used to buy me plants to see if the green thumb got passed down, but I’d always— I got Howard’s patience for things that grow slowly. She never did stop buying me plants, though, right up until the accident. And then right after— well, the Botanical gardens have her orchids now. But they can’t make them bloom like mom did. She had a real gift for making things bloom.”
After that it was a lot of promising they’ll never find it, promising they will, then some more fighting for good measure. Honestly, I can’t remember much else because that was around when the curry pot was tipped over and I was so devastated I stopped paying attention.
Pictured: A mostly hairless simian biped wearing hard plates to cover his internal organs and manufactured goop to cover his UV-sensitive skin. Why are you smiling, Clint? Don’t you know your species is weird looking  and badly designed?
“You’re the best, Tony,” said Steve, as he took the box and then promptly got to work demolishing everything in it. Ten seconds and four hot dogs later, he noticed Colleen was staring at him.
“Some. Mostly run-of-the-mill insomnia,” said Steve as he continued to peel the orange he was snacking on. “I’d ask what your excuse is for being up this late, but I’m pretty sure you left your circadian rhythm at MIT.”
Now that he’d said what he came here to say, Steve felt his bravery start to wane. “Of course,” he said, putting his hands in his pockets and stepping back a bit. “I know this is a lot to put on you. And I don’t want to move faster than what you’re comfortable with.”
“Hey, Steve, c’mon. Can I touch your shoulder? Look, whatever Tony’s doing, he’s not doing it to hurt you. Not intentionally, anyway.”
And that's the end! Thank you for reading, if you enjoyed this, let me know what you liked in a comment!
Well, “ok” was a bit of a lie, but it was close enough to the truth. Tony knew he wouldn’t have another panic attack when Steve finished turning him down. He’d just feel like he did now: crappy, deflated, but also a bit lighter. Because now, he and Steve were on the same page. Now he didn’t have to pretend anymore, to Steve or to himself.
“Congratulations, Tony,” said Dr. Cho as she pulled back from the microscope. “Type C Hanahaki, first case in New York city in ten years. Thank goodness it’s not contagious or we’d all be locked in quarantine with you right now.”
“I’ll bet she got ten times the leather out of one hide than all the other girls in the factory,” said Tony, as they got back in the car back to the tower.
To make things easier on y'all, here's the floors of the Avengers section of the tower from top to bottom in this universe (medical's down in the lobby, so not included in the spell field): The roof, Clint's floor, the common room floor, Thor's floor, Bruce's floor, the Hulk containment floor, Steve's floor, Nat's floor, Tony's floor, the gym floor, and the pool floor.
“This isn’t about me and Clint,” said Natasha, as she leaned forward from her seat on the adjacent love seat and took Tony’s hands between hers. “This is about you and Steve. He loves you, Tony.”
There was a flicker of tension in the corner of Nat’s mouth, and she said, “Yes. And fleeing to a private island is a very rational and mature reaction to that fact.”
Thor put his arm around Steve’s shoulders in another joint-cracking side-hug. “When you’re ready, Steve,” said Thor.
Tony groaned and thunked the back of his head against the wall, then winced when he hit the bump that had grown from falling backwards onto the floor this morning. If he had a drink now, he’d have to spend the next month not only without alcohol, but without fast food or music above a dull roar, and with a regular, enforceable bedtime. Steve had proven way more resilient against saying “golly”, “gee”, “swell”, “dame”, and “fella” than Tony had anticipated and the result was a sobriety spell that was going way, way longer than Tony had ever intended.
Tony chanced a look back at Steve and… fuck, Steve was crying. This was hell. This was worse than anything he’d ever been through, seeing Steve in so much pain and knowing he’d caused it.
As soon as Tony was out of sight of the front desk guards, he took out his Starkphone and started pinging for Nat’s GPS locator.
And then the only reason why it registered as a choice at all was because he was less than an inch off the ground when he felt someone latch on to the back of the suit.
Tony ignored Steve and kept kissing his neck. He heard the back of Steve’s head gently hit the wall Tony had pinned him against as an absolutely delicious groan escaped his throat.
“People don’t usually talk this much when they’re necking, Steve,” said Tony, and his voice was rough both with lust and with the disease’s impact on his throat.
“Where was Thor gonna put his, in his butt? And don’t worry about it, Bruce, it’s just a little temporary malware update to Starkphones in vicinity,” said Tony. Then he turned toward the bulk of the people taking pictures and said, “Hey! Stop taking creep shots and leave us be, and maybe after the movie we’ll let you take some pictures that don’t put middle finger emojis over our faces.”
In an instant, Tony’s back was to the elevator wall and Steve’s mouth was against his. Like everything Steve did, it was confident, and earnest, and so damn sweet Tony almost let himself believe it, let himself pretend that someone as kind and genuinely
“Steve, I know I’m your first real relationship, so let me tell you how these things usually work. You meet someone you like, and you start dating. If you’re still together after a while—how long depends on how old you both are—and you can imagine having a future together, then at some point, either over a couple of conversations or all at once, you have the future talk.”
“We uh… we didn’t have a lot of money so when I got home I realized I only had the socks I was wearing on my feet,” Steve continued. “And I tried to lie to ma about where the other ones had gone. But she saw right through me so I ended up having to… to tell her. And she told me she wouldn’t buy new socks for a reason that stupid and took me to go and collect them.”
“Are you saying you wouldn’t love me if I were goo, Steve?” asked Tony, his wedding ring clinking against the reactor as he put his hand to his chest melodramatically.
The annual Heritage of Pride Parade is something I'd recommend stopping by for a half hour to an hour, then peeling off to go do any of the hundred other queer events happening in the city that day. It's a just a lot of corporate floats these days, y'know? That said, if you get the chance to march in it, wear some comfortable walking shoes and go for it (and be prepared to spend the rest of your life de-glittering).
Then the movie started and it was a lot more fun than Steve expected. The film itself was a weird mix of complete nonsense and pieces that resonated strangely with Steve, and the shadow cast (gender-swapped for Pride) was full of twenty-somethings happy to ham it up in feather boas and high heels for maximum ludicrous sensuality. Tony knew all the callbacks by heart plus a few of his own invention, and the movie ended with Steve blushing more from laughter than embarrassment. It was definitely one of the more bizarre experiences of his life, but Steve really enjoyed himself.
I am aware you’ve all made enemies, but it always seems to be mine that wreak the most devastation on the people and places I hold dear.
“Why won’t you believe me, Tony?” asked Steve. “Do you really think I’d lie about something like this?”
“Eh, it was either overachieve there or keep overachieving at MIT” said Colleen with a wave of her hand. “And I get to make little bits of nothing smash into each other and study how they go boom. What more can you want in life? Plus I was pretty sure MIT was eager to get rid of me. I’d just finished my third PhD from them when I took the job.”
Everyone looked at Bruce, who then added, “If we’re looking for the person in this elevator who most deserves to be banished to a hut on a barren asteroid where he can’t hurt anybody, I’m definitely the winner here.”
Steve shrugged and said, “I don’t shut down any time someone makes a dick joke anymore. I’ve got you to thank for that.”
“I need to go downstairs and prepare the conference room to discuss the final plan for the heist,” said Natasha, letting go of his shoulder. “And I’m not inviting you, because for your part, the less you know about it the better. All we need from you is to pretend you finally read one of the poaching emails Hammer’s undoubtedly sent you over the years, and set up an appointment to tour the facility at 4:00 on Friday. When you get the signal, make a distraction, the bigger the better. So long as you can do that without letting the other guy out, there’s literally nothing you can do wrong.”
Mmy name is Natasha Nigtshade Blood’ness Vampira Way Romanov an I am a goth fampire and I hav a hot boyfriend & we r in luuuurrrrvvvvv
Steve was mid-way through talking about what it was like to sleep in zero g, when Steve felt Tony tap his shoulder, a whole box of hot dogs in his hand.
it’s about the meeting with General Murphy, asshole!” Rhodey shouted, “Do you know how much yelling I’ve taken today? How much gladhanding I had to do to convince the US military not to
“Oh no, I think I’ve earned this monologue, Anthony,” said Hammer with a sharp smile. “You see, when you hitch your wagon to the wrong horse and lose, nobody thinks, ‘Oh that poor guy, picked the wrong horse, honest mistake to make, no shame on him.’ No, everyone just sees a
EDIT: This end note would not leave me alone until it became a fic (although it transformed into a movie somewhere along the way), so if you would like to read more about Maxwell Kane and Peter's opinions on him,
Some time later when they were both absolutely wrung out from laughing, Tony sighed and wiped a tear from the corner of his eye.
You run after him for a couple of blocks, smashing through cars and tourist buses and street lights in your way, leaving a wake of destruction behind you. Eventually you come to a park and the wake of destruction picks up trees, bushes, and benches. Then the things in front of you all give way at once as you reach a clearing.
“You’re both adorable,” said Bruce dully without turning around as he sifted through the contents of the fridge looking for something edible.
Tony could’ve pointed out that most friends probably don’t hold each other and stroke each other’s hair while talking about their days, but he didn’t want to risk Steve coming to his senses and stopping.
“You know, just this once, I think Tony’s right. Ethiopian sounds really good right now,” says Steve.
There's something that I hoped I made clear in this fic but in hindsight I want to spell it out. For Steve and Tony specifically, closing a door in Avengers Tower in front of them is the equivalent of dropping a bead curtain. In real life if someone loks a door in the direction you're going to keep them with you, that is NOT healthy or respectful of your boundaries and it absolutely counts as a red flag.
“Of course, Steve,” said Dr. Mitchell, giving him one of her signature comforting shoulder touches. “I’m on call on this case until the end, and it won’t just end if he gets better.”
“I mean, it isn’t Cherokee either. But I only spoke Irish until I went to school. Immigrant parents, remember?”
Tony said nothing. His brain was already eight tracks deep into processing surprise, theorizing which buttons were on Steve’s shirt, and thinking of how he could support Steve. He didn’t come out of it until they were in their place in the parade line, and he felt a nudge at his side.
“Unbelievable,” Tony sighed, then he pointed to his ring. “Do you want this back? You’re supposed to be marrying some kind of genius and clearly I am not one.”
And so they went up to Clint's floor of the tower, to see if he'd slept to a very late hour. But Clint was stil missing, and they in a lurch. So these friends got together, and started to search.
Sheriff STEVE ROGERS(mid-30s, commanding, reserved, protective), walks out of the mouth of a MINE SHAFT. He is joined by his deputy THOR ODINSON (late 30s/ancient, sage, friendly, honorable), local smith TONY STARK (mid-40s, brilliant, sarcastic, showy), cowboy CLINT BARTON (mid-30s, puckish, quick, decisive), wealthy widow NATASHA ROMANOV (mid-20s, deadly, focused, perceptive), and local doctor BRUCE BANNER (late 40s, bookish, soft-spoken, disciplined). All of them are squinting or shielding their eyes as they look out into the harsh, desert sun from near the top of the small hill containing the entrance to the now disused GOLD MINE. Below is a GHOST TOWN in a valley of scrub land.
Gonna start this by saying Tony and Steve have the right idea in this chapter - never go to Times Square for New Years Eve. It's cold, the portapotties are gross, there's nothing to do but stand there for hours, then after midnight it takes forever to leave.
“Can we stop at Natasha’s floor again? I cannot begin to stress how badly I want to meet emo versions of the people we know. I
THE AVENGER maneuvers around the WARBIRD and fires phasers. The WARBIRD returns fire with phasers of its own.
“--think it was stupid, and I don’t. You’re a… what would Thor say? ‘An honorable warrior fighting for a worthy cause, Steven son of Sarah.’”
Image: A white nudibranch with black spots. It has two appendages sticking up that look like bunny ears, and its cerrata are so small they look like fur. It looks like a tiny, fuzzy blob with rabbit ears, and it's cute as hell.
“I should’ve beat the shit out of Howard,” growled Steve, and Tony could see him clenching and unclenching his hands. “I didn’t even see it. I could’ve done
CLINT has his gun pointed in the air, a thin trail of smoke coming out of the end. He is surrounded by the last of the crows flying away from the tower, but his eyes are fixed on something in the distance. As he hurries down the exterior of the tower, we get a shot of the face of the clock. It is now 11:55.
“Yep. It is what it says it is. You talk about your careers and your values and how many kids you want, where you want to live, and generally what you want to
for good measure, which was… did he even know what that looked like? Some people would’ve read an invitation and absolutely
shit-faced, bet or no bet. Future Tony could deal with the fallout on that one, present Tony needed a drink like he needed oxygen.
“I’m fine, Bruce, really,” said Steve, who was already walking out the door in case his face betrayed how not fine he was, “I’ll catch you later.”
“Ok, Steve,” said Tony sadly, because he was already bone-tired of this conversation. “But I need to start making phone calls now.”
Natasha landed in a crouch on top of the vent cover and wasted no time sprinting over to the controls to open the vault. Within seconds, the skimmers were in place over the retinal scanner, fingerprint scanner, and keypad.
“If Enchantress managed to find an encyclopedia current enough for a Chuck Tingle page, she deserves to keep us trapped for a bit,” says Tony.
“Get Mr. Stark a suit jacket,” said Pepper to her PA, who scurried off through one of the aisles in the row of cubicles Pepper was frog-marching him through. Tony looked down and noticed what he was wearing for the first time today: an Iron Maiden tee-shirt and ripped jeans, both of which were covered in oil and dust and God knew what else.
You don’t move for a few seconds as you process how much that hurt. But when you hear the repulsor whine a few feet away, you get very angry again and start to stand up.
“Is anyone actually going to enjoy this?” said Tony, who could always be counted on to say out loud the things everyone was thinking privately.
Tony revved the engine of his Ferrari a few times, a nervous tic he’d picked up in his twenties, before he parked it directly outside of the Hammerplex.
“Anything you want,” says another voice. I turn around and see him there. He is shirtless, with ripped abs and a perfectly sculpted body, but also somehow very architectural, like he contains the very space we are standing in. And he is very handsome.
“Steve, I know you and I aren’t exactly buddy-buddy, but I’m gonna need you to trust me on this one. You might not see this now, but I promise you it’s important that nobody does anything to your body that you don’t want. Ok?”
I got a lot of comments praising the skin I used for the last chapter. I didn't want to leave a note there since notes wouldn't disappear as you scrolled down, but while I did have to hook up all the routes through the fanfic, I can't take credit for making that skin.
“The list said see a new Broadway musical. You have seen point five new Broadway musicals. And I think you’re gonna like this one.”
To us now? Not at all. But let’s just say kids from safe, happy homes don’t run away and join the circus to become trick shot superheroes.
“Two cards of a three card monte,” said Tony with a nod of appreciation, before he added. “What’s the pig-in-a-poke?”
“Ladies, please, there’s plenty’a me to go round,” said Clint as the women immediately started squeezing his biceps and demanding autographs.
people who go into show business do it because the connection goes both ways. The people in the audience connect to the performers, and the performers connect right back. Even in your example, you got
. I want you to know you did everything you could, so you can stop thinking any of this was your fault.”
“You want proof? First of all, you haven’t been in one place longer than a couple of months since, you were, what, nineteen? So already, we don’t have enough data to confirm you can’t find home somewhere, because you’ve never hung your cowl somewhere long enough to give it the old college try. Second… you know that dent in the wall in the gym back at the tower? The one that got there when Thor tried to convince us all to get matching tattoos and you hip-checked him? When you see it, does the tower feel more like home to you?”
Ok I’m not surprised Steve went for the bland and functional, but I am so disappointed in you, Bruce. “StopBannerTime” was RIGHT THERE! Or “BruceyImHome” or “BruceTracks”. You’ve got at least fifty different levels of pun possibilities and you go with “DrBanner”?
“Tony, what is all of this about? Why do you think it doesn’t matter that we’re in love with each other?”
going back to the tower. Instead he pulled the hat a little further down over his ears and marched on. It was a warm winter hat, but it was cloth, so it was just as soaked as the rest of him. It also had “Save a Target, Nail an Archer” stitched to the front, because it was just that kind of day.
