Tony made made it through the entirety of the conversation without displaying much emotion. Exhaustion was good for that, sometimes, making tears or panic too difficult to generate. But that…that wrenched a single, dry sob out of him.
Still, it had now been weeks since he’d spent time with the team as a whole. He missed them. Sure he loved spending one-on-one time with them, and he appreciated the way they’d made sure that Steve wasn’t left on his own during the evenings that he couldn’t face spending with the new Tony, but it wasn’t the same as the riotous, chaotic experience of being with them as a whole. And movie nights were a special time, filled with chatter and obscene amounts of food and shared blankets and free touches. Steve found himself unwilling to give that up to the new Tony to have all to himself.
He could have excused this frightening display of care and forethought as just a Coulson thing, except that they
Iron Man. I think that’s enough for now.”
Tony swept into the shop and then came to a sudden, jarring stop. He stared at Peter for several long beats, blinking with slow deliberation like he was reassuring himself the sight before him was real. The naked relief in his gaze felt way more intimate than if he’d grabbed Peter in a hug.
“It often is. It’s just that this,” he gestured at the plate in Tony’s hands, “doesn’t seem consistent with the pattern of self-neglect I was familiar with when it came to our Tony. He often forgot to eat when he was down in the shop, but if there was food shoved in front of him he’d eat like he was starving.” (
Content Notes: Well, friends, this is 4300 words of porn. You probably already know if that's something you'll enjoy or not. Specific kinks represented include impact play (crop), overstimulation, multiple orgasms and strength/size kink. Tony also struggles and act out a bit at the beginning of the scene, not because of issues of consent, but because of commitment/abandonment issues; Steve handles it fine.
Introduction to the Course, Ultron System Activation Tests
I'm baaack! Sorry for the longer-than-intended delay, but life happened, and I didn't want to start the story up again until I was reasonably sure I could re-commit to my usual posting schedule. I think I'm in a place to do so now, so look for weekly updates to resume!
currently in your life be expected to live up to these perfect human beings in your head?”
“Surely you are aware that I recognize the signs of Dominant deprivation. I suspected a few days ago; during the conversation the three of us had, you sometimes seemed anxious not just for Talia, but
For a day that had been so perfectly planned and executed, the question was jarring and perfect and wonderful in its absurdity. Tony gave a watery chuckle and sank down to his own knees. He held his hand out to Bucky with a nod, accepting the ring first. Then he let his eyes (which were really, on some level, always looking for him anyway) fall on Steve. He held up the collar, then bowed his head in silent invitation.
. Here, he was neither an international criminal nor a traumatized ex-soldier who hung out in Wakanda with a pack of goats. Here, James Barnes was a trusted, beloved member of the Avengers. Which meant he had to be here somewhere (and if he was somehow wielding Thor’s hammer, Tony was getting the fuck out of this universe right damn now.)
Judith Butler, “Precarious Life: The Obligations of Proximity.” (Available through the Nobel Prize Museum,
(See the end of the chapter for
“…Tony?”
“Don’t worry about that. It’s under control.”
“Maybe not in all the same ways as people in this universe,” Bruce agreed, moving another step closer so that Tony could feel the low rumble of the other man’s voice against his back. “We can talk more about that later, too. But that
“You may be overcomplicating this. Dominance is ultimately about demonstrating care. So rather than try to mold yourself into the submissive you believe Captain Rogers or anyone most wants, perhaps you should try to find opportunities to allow them to care in ways that resonate for you.”
had survived Thanos. Twice. He’d taken down Aldrich Killian and murderous AIs and a dozen other foes. (He’d had Captain America’s shield embedded in his fucking chest.) He didn’t need to be coddled or protected; being alone had made Tony ruthless and resourceful and unyielding, and it was about damn time this version of the team knew that.
“Okay. If that’s the case then I’m the one who decides on punishments, not you. So what I need from you right now is to tell me what happened that made you think you need discipline, and then I need you to trust me to take it from there.” Thor growled, and the skies outside the window darkened ever so slightly.
That didn’t mean there weren’t some close calls,. The genetically-enhanced owls had killer claws, and the foamy shit they were spraying everywhere turned out to be extremely caustic; a few of them teamed up and directed enough of it at the Hulk that they burned a small hole in his thick green skin, causing him to roar and nearly drop the civilians he had been carefully lifting to safety. Several of them screamed in terror.
inspired (but was totally
Tony explained the extreme highs and lows of his morning as he and Bucky led the way into the sunroom. It was exactly as Tony remembered it: polarized glass walls which trapped heat in the winter and repelled it in the summer, all looking out over the ocean glittering in the sun below. An infinity pool sat in the middle of the room; Tony was delighted to see that, unlike himself, Mark II had never let himself be talked down from adding  a giant faucet full of multi-coloured bubbles which he would never admired was
“Of course he didn’t. Not until it was too late and everything was falling apart. And even then he had no semblance of a plan, no conception of what it would really take to beat Thanos. Fucking ‘together.’ What a joke. I was
Tony had never been one for lingering in bed in the mornings. Even in the most hedonistic days of his youth, when his nights had been filled with models and expensive liquor instead of panic attacks and alien invasions, he’d always preferred to be sucking down coffee and halfway to the labs before the last fuzzy edges of sleep departed his consciousness.
“Brat,” Steve accused, even as he shuddered and reached behind himself to place his hands under Tony’s thighs and hike him closer. When Tony took a chance and nibbled experimentally at his neck, Steve groaned and seemed to struggle with himself for a moment before he spun around and Tony abruptly found himself on his back. It was the first time the super soldier had ever let a hint of his strength come through in private, and while mere weeks ago the sight of Steve looming over him like this might have evoked terror or rage or even a full on flashback to Siberia, now there wasn’t room for much beyond base lust, and competing urges to keep teasing Steve and bare his neck in submission.
Today’s chapter is what I’m referring to as the mid-season finale of you great unfinished symphony. We get closure and insight on some important plot and character points, and set up a lot of moving pieces for part two!
Bruce didn’t stop his steady exploration of Tony’s body, but he did make the little grunt that meant he'd been asked a question that really made him think. (Tony never failed to feel proud every time he drew that sound out of Bruce; it was like the opposite of drawing poison from a bite, as if he was pulling the threads of Bruce’s gorgeous, complex mind closer to his own.)
Well it's later than I intended, but it's still Fic Friday! Hooray for being back on schedule!
when I have Natasha waiting for me downstairs. You need to take someone down. You’re no used to us half-alive from prolonged dom-dep. Denying yourself headspace ain’t gonna bring him back, not to mention it’s about the last damn thing Tony would have wanted.”
“This is different.”
“But that fight was in Germany, wasn’t it? The thing at the airport hanger? May just let you go down there?”
, all things that were the very antithesis of what Steve loved about him. “What did he have that I didn’t?”
loved, that I would force you to see him with your own stubborn eyes, so that one day you’ll be able to accept it. And Stevie…I know you. However lapsed your relationship to religion and all of that is now…you’ll never forgive yourself if you don’t tell him goodbye.” (Goodbye. How could he ever hope to say something so mundane and final to someone as singularly remarkable as Tony? There had to be something better, some way for language to accommodate the immensity of what they had lost.)
“I prefer acting in whatever capacity my submissive most requires.” Her fingernails felt fucking heavenly against his scalp as she worked a bit of his shampoo in, and he groaned. “I enjoy many things, I am skilled in most areas; the Red Room encouraged us to diversify our talents and interests as much as possible. At one point in my life that was something I tried to undo. I wanted a…firmer, more defined sense of who I was as a Dominant. Press your neck back into my fingers, with as much pressure as you can.”  Tony valiantly tried to keep the thread of conversation clear in his mind as Natasha pushed at the place where his skull joined his neck.
“I am absolutely certain,” Steve said firmly. He draped a blanket around Thor’s shoulders, slid on a pair of pyjama pants, and jogged to the elevator.
“Twenty with the belt now, sweet boy.” He unbuckled the leather and teased Phil with it for a couple of of minutes, trailing it down his back and against his sides and across the heated skin of his ass. Phil’s legs flexed, toes curling against the footrests of the stand as he visibly fought between twin urges to press up towards Steve and remain still to avoid further stimulation from the cock sleeve.
But goddammit, he
But in the end, Tony nodded and watched Bruce exit the lab. Because, as usual, the man was right—Tony did already have a lot to think about.
“It really isn’t the norm around here to measure stuff like that without cause,” Steve assured him. “But there’s some people I can get us in touch with about putting together a study. I’m sure they’d be thrilled to get your input on the design, and they’d probably be a lot easier for you to talk to about this end of things than I am.” Steve expected a smile at that, or at least an acknowledgement, but Tony was still glaring at the chart in front of him, lost in thought and wordless frustration.
Of all the many mistakes he’d made over the years, all the ways he’d attempted to find absolution, it had never been so complete or unambiguous as that moment. (He’d known instantly how addicting that feeling would become if he let it.)
“Review that last again J. Give me camera g, would you, let’s see if we can get the angle right.”
“Anything,” Steve echoed back, a promise and a prayer and an apology. Then he moved to wrap his hand around Thor’s cock—not stroking or squeezing, just a possessive, solid hold. Thor's body jackknifed as much as it could within its bindings, and for just a second Steve swore he saw bursts of lightning at the other man’s fingertips. At this rate, it was basically a guarantee that Thor wouldn’t last long, but Steve didn’t move his hand away or try to slow things back down. (They had time.)
, and…well, it’s just better to stand on your own two feet, boy.”
Before learning that something had apparently gone down in Rogers’ therapy sessions (and holy shit was it still bizarre to think of a version of the man invested enough in his own mental health to actually be in therapy), Tony had found himself hoping their conversation would mean Cap’s stops in the penthouse might become more frequent. Now…well, that appeared to be on hold.
“I think I know where I need to go.”
.” Tony didn’t know what he was begging for, whether it was for his Dominant’s touch, or the absence of it, or for his silence; it all felt wrapped up together, his desperation to come, to
This would normally have been the point where Coulson would have taken charge; Phil took his position as the team’s handler very seriously, and he was always the one to step up if the others were struggling. But something about his interaction with Tony seemed to have spooked the agent; he remained quiet and nearly motionless, still seated in the same chair he’d been in when Tony had fallen into his lap. Natasha had attempted to pull Clint aside, but Steve knew the look on her face. The thin lips, the hooded eyes, the fact that she alone had yet to holster her weapon…they were the traces of the Red Room, and of the decade that had followed filled only with suspicion and blood. Natasha wanted something practical, likely bordering on cruel (or she wouldn’t have avoided saying it to the room at large.) Steve held her in place with a single dark stare.
Steve prevented himself from stumbling his way into the Tower, but it was a very near thing. He made a halfhearted attempt to convince JARVIS to take him to his own floor, but the AI had strict protocols about managing dep that Steve had installed himself (along with Bruce, who was able to give the AI more specific instructions about particular biological thresholds to watch for.)
“I don’t know what you mea—Mr. STARK?”
“Some degree?” Pepper asked. The piece of cucumber dangling from between her fingers looked especially delicious, and Tony took advantage of her distraction to make a lunge for it. Across the room Clint made a harsh grunting noise that Tony couldn’t easily interpret. Cap seemed a little startled too, though he hid it slightly better than Barton by taking a handful of snap peas from the tray on the table.
It took some convincing, and more pleading than Tony would ever admit to, but eventually he was permitted to dress and depart the bedroom, Dummy hot on his tail. Having company turned out to be a plus because navigating the kitchen was…challenging. Tony certainly had a new appreciation for the deviousness of that genre of pranks where each item in a room was moved just slightly, because everything in this version of the penthouse was exactly the same…except for minor distinctions that left him constantly looking in the wrong cupboard or bashing into the island (two inches off of where it had been in the other Tower.)
Most of the time he still felt awkward and embarrassed by such reminders of what the shared wealth of the team could do. It was a power no one really needed or deserved (or at least, one which should have been accessible to far more people than it was, even though someone inevitably called Steve a socialist every time he pointed this out.) But occasionally, like now when he and the rest of the team could use Tony’s submission-free day to get the bulk of the playroom redecoration finished, he found himself pretty grateful.
“You’re not intruding. Do you want to talk about it, or just pretend I’m not here?” Clint didn’t give a verbal answer, but his arm darted out to wrap around Tony’s waist, so moving really wasn’t an option. “What’d Phil ask you to do?”
“You’re sure he won’t be coming back?”
“Pepper asked me if I knew who someone named Peter was. You kept calling out for him in your sleep, she said.” When his hand began to shake with far more violence, she reached out to take the mostly empty mug from him, setting it down on the counter and taking his hand in hers instead. (It was the first time anyone from the team had touched him at all since the revelation of his lack of orientation. If he’d had any tears left this definitely would have drawn them.) “She wasn’t gossiping, Tony, she was…concerned that he had maybe been a lover, that the others wouldn’t help you look for him if that meant losing you.”
“Why are you sorry? You can call me whatever you need to right now.”
“Tony?”
, Rhodey.”
) spankings Rhodey had handed out to get Tony through the past few days, he hadn’t been present for a punishment any version of Tony was taking since they’d been in their early twenties. As he sat at the end of the spanking bench, holding his friend’s (his sub’s) hands, it felt both intensely right, as if no time had passed at all, and like he was intruding somewhere he  might not belong. Things had never been openly antagonistic with the team when the other Tony had been alive, but they’d made it clear mainly through actions that they didn’t feel they really needed James, that they felt they had Tony handled. Since Tony hadn’t seemed to disagree with them as far as Rhodey could tell, he’d done his best to respect the distance that had settled itself between them. But he’d seen Tony’s relationships burn bright and flare out before, and Rhodey had never been fully able to commit to any contract that didn’t involve at least the potential for Tony’s sudden re-entry into his life.
“I should get home.” Tony nodded, rising to his feet for the first time even as he maintained a careful distance from the kid. He let Peter get all the way to the elevator and then called out,
Well that chapter kind of got away from me in terms of length! But hopefully that was a pleasant surprise :)
“Ah, the energy shield. Yeah, of course you can. You can tell me if you have questions about it, too, though I wasn’t directly involved in that one. I’d like us to be sitting, though; JARVIS, can you transfer the data to a screen closer to the couch, please?” The hand at the base of Tony’s spine turned directive, exerting just enough pressure to lead him to the corner of the shop where the couch sat. “Before I go any further though, we’re going to need to have a brief conversation about boundaries. I’m familiar with the ones you’ve already established for the usual education sessions, but since this is a little more…experiential, let’s say, I need to know about any limits you have, specifically arout praise and pet names, and non-sexual physical affection.” Bemused, Tony shrugged.
“And then he came to me,” Bruce finished. “Usually rather reluctantly.”
“Alright. All of you, out.”
“No.”
[Leatherbound journal in chocolate brown]
“You like it.” Bucky’s tone didn’t suggest a question, but he also didn’t seem one for self-congratulation, so Tony assumed there was still some degree of uncertainty there.
When the rest of the team began streaming into the penthouse for dinner by what seemed to be an unspoken agreement, Tony almost resented them for it at first. Far from what he’d expected, his afternoon with Natasha, Clint and Phil had been the calmest and most relaxed he could remember being in…well, years, probably. Thanos had weighed on his mind since the first attack in New York, staining even his best days with the sickly hues of hopeless anxiety that came from knowing with complete certainty that disaster was coming while being unable to convince anyone else to take the threat seriously. (Out of everything, that might have been the hardest thing to forgive his Steve for. Not even Siberia had been as great a betrayal as Steve’s almost glib insistence that the team would handle the threat of Thanos ‘together’ only for them all to refuse to help Tony prepare in any material way before the threat was already on their doorstep.)
“We’re having a Community Day.” This announcement caused a louder series of groans, but Steve held a hand up. “Nope. It’s been ages since we had time, and for those of you not moved by civic spirit and duty, remember that whatever way the press conference goes, it’s not like some good PR won’t be useful to have built up. So we’re going to suit up, head into the city, and find things we can do to help out.”
“No.”
“They’re advising us not to release the report, or to try to find a way to do so while scrubbing out any trace of SI’s involvement,” he guessed. It would certainly help soften the blow if the company, and Howard Stark in particular, was distanced from the news of a coverup. It might even mean the Board wouldn’t try to go after Pepper the way Tony was positive they would.  “We’re not doing that.”
“‘I deserve to feel good.’ Repeat that for me.”
“What the hell does that mean?”
“You think I’m going to leave you here, drunk off alien liquor, when we have no idea how it’s going to continue to affect you? That might be the most insulting thing you’ve ever said to me, which is saying something given that you broke up with me for my own protection like you were straight out of
“No Sir.” The answer came just a little bit too quickly to be sincere. Bruce’s hands paused in place. He didn't repeat himself, or acknowledge the lie, he simply waited. Tony huffed and kicked his leg out. “It’s—I expected it to be sore still. It felt like it would hurt the next day when he did it, but I don’t feel anything except a little extra sensitive or something.” Bruce’s slow touches resumed, and he made the thoughtful humming noise that Tony had always been the best at drawing out of him.
Pepper followed after the suit with what could only be described as a stomp, glaring and huffing as the suit threw one of its arms out to the side when she went to pass it. The helmet slowly craned from one direction to the other in a gesture that, though more stiff and mechanical than when Tony himself was the suit, was still familiar to Steve: it was scanning the room, assessing its occupants and the other contents of the room for potential threats.
“I’ll say,” Bruce agreed wryly. “And it’s especially ironic given that if anything you have things backwards. Things are essentially reversed for Dominants; Dominin works by hyper-stimulating the amygdala. Dominants are incredibly sensitive to the emotional and physical status of their partners; in headspace, they are almost single-mindedly obsessed with providing their subs with whatever they need.” Tony blinked, casting around for the little terminology he knew from his time experimenting in the scene.
a statusist.  Cool," said Tony, slumping into his chair.
"Of course."
"I didn't kiss him. I didn't
"We're still friends, right?"
.  My favourite food is pizza- that deep dish thing you do now is awful, though. Back in the forties it was a real treat. Anything that tasted of anything was a treat, honestly. I like it thin and crispy and with bacon and mushroom on it.  My favourite drink when there was a point in me drinking was actually red wine. Used to get me silly drunk- I was such a light weight..." Steve smiled ruefully. "Other fun facts... uh... I love working out to cheesy pop music and dancing to when no one's watching and singing along too. I actually love dancing, but it doesn't really go with the whole serious Captain America vibe.  Clint had to teach me how to use a credit card.  Twenty-first century sex toys are a total miracle. Seriously. Though don't ever quote me on that. New underwear is so much better too, way more comfortable. Sorry, I'm getting off track..."
"I'll go upstairs to speak with him," Pepper decided quietly and slipped away towards the steps. Her heels clicked quietly across the metal as she went.
it. And he could feel it again now. "Please don't joke about being a squirrel." He laughed gently. "It'll make me think of that weird furry thing Clint showed me..."
Steve came around to Bucky's side.  Bucky stared at him blankly; Steve pushed him into the passenger's side.  Bucky almost laughed when he realized Steve wanted to drive. A
Aria finished her cigarette and then lit a second one.
"He's going to complain the whole way, isn't he?" asked Natasha.
something. "I think you're a good person," Steve assured him and ducked his head lower to press a kiss to Tony's collarbone. "With a good heart. I drew you a picture to prove it, remember?  I know you sometimes doubt that." Steve whispered and nuzzled against his jaw, his eyes slipping shut. "I wish you wouldn't."
Tony rose, swaying a little, to get another drink.  Last one, he promised himself. But all this talk of his father and Jarvis was making him feel like he needed one.  He remembered how Jarvis had wept at his father's funeral, how Tony had been unable to. He was not only shell-shocked, but had already begun wondering if his father was drunk.  All he could think of, over and over, was,
"You'd have to actually go vote," said Pepper; Tony never voted.  He shot a look over to Steve; being outed as a non-voter in front of Captain America was kind of awkward.
Steve let out a ragged breath.
"Yep," Steve said, sounding peeved.
them because they're part of who you are."
Their anniversary was officially ruined. Least they had gloves on so no blood would have gotten onto the bands.
.  Unfortunately, Pietro did not speak French.
Steve's jaw was trembling. He stood, their faces inches apart.
dumb.  We're liberating you and junk.  Listen, we're looking for Trickshot--"
Steve was pretty sure the answer was gonna be no but it never hurt to ask. Then he sent it to Donner.
Tony had dedicated his substantial brain power to trying to figure out the most likely place for Steve.  He'd taken Natasha's list of 23 bases, and sorted it based on whether it was likely or not that Steve was there, according to an elaborate flowchart.  His current best guesses were Western Australia, Shanxi, Tokyo, Cuba, or Genoa. He was especially interested in Shanxi, China (where there was a bioweapons facility, and what was Steve, if not a bioweapon?) and Genoa, Italy (where there was a base nickname "Omega Point," which had prompted a lot of hysterical excitement from Tony that took thirty minutes and half a bottle of bourbon to quell).
"A tradition?" Steve echoed, moving towards the center of the room as Hal did. A lot of gazes were turning. "I didn't think they would allow that kind of thing..."
"Is that Wordsworth?"
Tony bristled.  "We weren't making out, we were.... discussing.... matters.  C'mon, Steve, time waits for no man. Let's go..."  He grabbed Steve's hand and dragged him away.  They'd take the car.  Tony wanted to get on with the day.  For some reason, Kate unnerved him, and not just because she was a rather dominant Alpha.  What the hell kind of self-respecting Alpha would be a nurse, anyway?  Weird.
Tony gestured dramatically toward Boswell.  "
the answers are in my head... I just hate waiting," whined Tony impatiently.  He swiped Steve away from his forehead. "And I wasn't a sap until I met you. You ruined me, Rogers.  You and your incredible, all-American omega body."
Now, to go into a story, you have to say the magic words:
Their cute moment was broken when the waiter reappeared to take their plates away. "Can I get you dessert, sirs?"
"Yeah," he murmured softly, lifting his hips a little.  Just like that, Steve was forgiven. Of course he was. Tony, like any Alpha, turned into putty at Steve's submissiveness.  And Steve wasn't just any omega. He was Steve. He was the best omega of them all. And even if his smell was a little weird, it was still Steve, and it still called to Tony's as strongly as ever.
, where the heck is he..."  He hiccuped and then laughed, rolling his head against Steve's chest affectionately.
Easy-peasy.
to the Winter Soldier?  Was he from a big family?"
"Open bar conference where I get to see Steve in a collar?  I love it," said Tony, beaming.
"You did great today," said Tony, reaching up to yank the knot of his tie down.  He crawled awkwardly across the bed to Steve, pushing him down to climb over him, press his weight over the other's body comfortingly.  "...good omega..." he mumbled, lying his head on the bed. Steve's chest rose and fell solidly under him. "Mmmm... warm..." he mumbled with a smile, fingers playing with the soft sheets.
admit this out loud) that was the most naked he had even seen a woman in real life. Sure, he'd seen them in movies (God, he sounded like a child) and after looking up porn once (and discovering that it very much wasn't for him) he'd seen a few naked women then too.  But in real life? Nope.
"Right," Steve said, sounding a little awkward. "Well, I wasn't really hurt. So you don't have to--"
Tony growled in response.  He was still fighting.  He would fight until he was dead, if necessary.  Fear was rolling off the omega and Tony wasn't going to stop, suit or no suit.  He wasn't going to let another innocent person die.  Not on his watch.  Not as long as he was still breathing.
There was a sudden, loud honk behind them that echoed through the concrete parking garage; Tony jumped and whipped around to see a young blonde women.  It took Tony a moment to recognize Kate-from-down-the-hall.  She was holding a key fob in one hand and had a gym bag slung over her shoulder; she smiled at them.
He eyed him gooily, then leaned forward to kiss his nose.  He hadn't felt this loving toward a human being in literally his entire life.  The desperate need to mate had been replaced with a smug, unshakeable passion for his omega.
"There's nothing so special about the captain," she continued.  "Karpov's boy works fine. Frankly, I think they ought to try again.  It would be better to try again than to try to capture the captain. Like Dennis said, what do they expect us to do once they give him to us?"
In a weird way it had felt like they'd always been closer since that.
"Hey," he suddenly piped up. "Would you, er... like to come visit Peggy with me, sometime? Like, no pressure obviously. It's just...if you wanted to."
to feel him but I just.. I can't, I'm too hungry, can we take a break?"
"So," Natasha let out a soft breath. "I'm inviting you over for dinner."
Steve.
Steve's smell was pleasant and there was no indication he was angry at Tony, though.  Tony took this as a good sign.
Bucky obeyed.
"Am I an omega?" asked Cooper.
"I know... they totally missed the point.  Anyways, the guy's dead now... Jesus," said Rhodey.
Steve had, of course, packed the collar. He knew Tony would have wanted him to. He felt weird about it, still, but Tony got so turned on by it that once they were down and dirty it was no longer a problem. Steve had heard people used handcuffs in sex now; it couldn't be all that different to that. He'd packed in a small discreet black box.
Tony cringed a little.  "I can calculate the angle and everything, sure, but... when it comes to actually hitting the cue ball..." said Tony helplessly.
Tony was feeling moderately better after Pepper had forced him to drink water.  But he still felt queasy and watching Steve inhale a burger didn't help.
"You could've had any Alpha in the world and you paired up with him," Natasha muttered  to Steve, flashing him a smile to let him know she was kidding.  Bonding wasn't always rational.  It simply... was.
Aria and Pepper were on the sidelines though. And they certainly wouldn't let them. They were no goddamn fun. It wasn't Steve's fault he got drunk anyway, was it...? But he might as well enjoy himself now he was.
with anyone before, but Steve's skin was like a siren's call, begging to be marked.
.  You're beautiful.  Per
"Are you suggesting that he's still alive?" Steve asked finally, raising a brow. "Because I watched him die."
"Yes, sir," chorused the table.
He shifted from one foot to the other.  He didn't move when Steve opened the door for him.
Sitwell slumped into the couch with a scowl.
He offered Steve his arm after tucking his collar into his pocket just in case.  He didn't like the idea of leaving it off since they were trying to make a statement but his hackles ached and he recognized that leaving it on for the whole weekend might not be physically possible.  He slid on a pair of sunglasses. At least the conference was only three days, and when they waltzed out of the hotel, they'd have enough dirt to probably shut down the AU conventions for the forseeable future.  Plus, the protesters from Status Alliance would see the matching collars, and get it.
"Huh?  ...I'm not doing that."
As soon as the kiss began it ended and Tony was gone, leaving Steve very much stunned and pink cheeked. He blinked, watching the Alpha still. He was just speechless, utterly speechless. He just watched Tony for a little while, to the point where an awkward silence had essentially settled between them. Steve swallowed thickly. Oh god.
"...can I help you, Mr. Rogers?" Tony asked innocently, trying to act unaffected by Steve's proximity.  It was a silly game; of course Steve could probably smell his excitement and, frankly, if Steve glanced down, he could see it, too.  But Tony had never seen Steve act this way and was curious to see where he was taking it.
"He should stay at home, after everything he's just been through. He needs a doctor."
"But what if he hates me?" Stupid words. Stupid thoughts. Steve's mind was in pieces. Natasha frowned and sighed quietly before pulling her hand back, a slight crease in her brow.
"Thank you, Happy," Steve said, moving to lean in the doorway as he watched Tony mess around with cologne and hair gel. He couldn't help but smile a little. Even over the phone the man's joy was infectious. "You can just call me Steve.  Listen, Tony was just wondering if you could take us to the Expo, actually?"
"Steve! You did great!" Aria pulled him into a hug, a phone in each hand.
Steve hugged her back, wanting to reassure her more. An himself. He'd never meant to make her feel like this. Steve was instantly feeling bad. "I..." he sighed and pulled back, squeezing Peggy's hand to try and ease the shock. She'd clearly never seen this coming, but then who goddamn had?
Yes.  That was what he wanted.
Tony stared at the little building spinning on the floor with the shield in the center, panting, shaking, heart piercing his chest with every painful beat.
For a guy who hated biology so much, Steve sure did look awfully omega-y, prostrated on the floor.
would Tony want him? He was a mindless, delusional omega with absolutely no spunk. And Steve liked to think he was quite good at sex, and (again the childish part of him) couldn't imagine someone like DeSoto being especially good at it. Tony liked personality, gumption; what fun would sex be if the Alpha did everything and the omega just lay there and took it? Tony loved it when Steve rode him or sucked him off. Steve could hold his breath for two minutes; could
"I don't know.  ...nothing."
Tony stared down at the phone.  His hands were shaking. He didn't know how to react or what to feel anymore.  This was all too complicated. And Steve was giving him nothing.
Where were they? Were they on a jet? It felt like a jet...
"Just...just sleep for now, Bucky. Please. We'll get there soon. Just sleep."
"He's not enjoying it?"
And it was all very well Tony saying he didn't have to like a soldier right now but he sure had yesterday. He'd been shot at, thrown against walls, choked... Steve caught his appearance in the mirror. He was perhaps a little paler than usual but it was the blue and pinkish fingerprint bruises on his neck that stuck out.
"I missed you too," Steve whispered and his gaze finally flitted back up to Tony's face. It felt good to hear Tony say it. Before it had felt like some screwed up waiting game when Steve kept getting stuck in his own thoughts, convincing himself that he wasn't good enough and that Tony was bound to go after one of those women someday. "It's why I moved around so much. It was easier to keep going forward...I didn't like thinking about what I'd left behind.  ...I went to see Peggy," he added. "She's still as sharp as ever. I'd like to visit her again, soon. I liked the UK. They have much better laws about equality over there. Although people wouldn't stop holding doors open for me."
"What's the next step?" Steve heard the director's voice. Bucky was warm and solid against him. He seemed to be asleep too.
"Hey George, everything going okay?"
"What if HYDRA isn't behind this at all?  What if the Winter Soldier is operating alone?  What if something is driving him away from them and towards me?  If that's the case, I think that, in the end...he isn't going to choose HYDRA's side. I can be very persuasive you know."
"So... do I have to sign something, or what?" Steve asked.
.  Walking as briskly as he could, he found an abandoned car and placed Nick in the passenger seat before getting into the drivers'.
, hasn't it, Stark?  Nothing but the best for an Alpha."
haven't paid anyone a half-million for anyone," said Tony.  "
he thought groggily,
When the psychiatrist finally came by, Steve was in a fair bit of discomfort.  Tony was still completely unconscious.
An intercom came on almost immediately.  "Hello, Zephyr Hill. How may I help you?"
Suspicious... ha. Steve's rationality was trying to fight it but deep down he was convinced that Bucky had spoken to him through Tony's subconscious.
"Tony doesn't like other Alphas.  Or generally men, for that matter," said Pepper.
Aria laughed dryly. "Careful. I don't want Iron Man on my ass."
"You know, you're still drunk," Steve replied, squeezing Tony's shoulder. He wasn't slurring, at least. With enough persuasion he would admittedly give in. It was the new year. They were on a technically sort of public beach… it was exciting, Steve had to admit that. And it felt good to be sharing this with Tony. Really good.
"Steve? Steve, buddy?   You okay?" Lola poked Steve, who looked like he was frozen in time. His left eye twitched. He felt.. oddly powerless. Steve was strong, agile, an expert tactician. And yet he was lost here. He was useless. Steve couldn't change these people. He couldn't make them see that betting with your own omega's life was fucked up, or that a public bonding made every single person in that goddamn room complicit. He felt like he was going to be sick. He felt like he was curled up in the bathroom all over again with Bucky yelling through the door, saying what Steve knew were well-meaning lies.
Donner let out a little wheezing whine, clutching his stomach.
"And I don't know what chalupas are? But sure. If we have the right ingredients, there's no fridge food..." Steve trailed off and sighed. Tony was clearly hyperactive and was not interested in Steve's ramblings about they did and didn't have in the fridge. "You wanna have a shower after you've eaten?"
"I'm sorry, I don't think I follow," said Tony, struggling to maintain his calm, sarcastic tone, even though his hands were shaking.  "Maybe you could, um, tell me all about that, we could do brunch, meet up, you know, work out the deets..."
Steve hummed in approval as Tony licked into his mouth and stroked at his entrance. His hole twitched and he rocked his hips down subtly, encouraging Tony's fingers inside as he ran his own hands down his arms and chest. Then he slid his fingers down to curl around Tony's own member, which was half hard already. Steve gave his cock a few experimental strokes, swiping his thumb over the head and smiling against Tony's lips at his reaction. They had worked themselves up into quite a state very quickly, their kisses breathless and hips rocking together at a lazy but firm pace.
to be off on their own, exploring their new bond.
"No rest for the wicked," said Wisdom, winking and moving to get back into his car.  Tony loathed him a little.
Trickshot looked worried.  "His-- his full name's Clinton Francis Barton, we were born in Iowa.  He's blond?"
Steve leaned down, fisting his hands in his hair again. "If he had seen the way Gideon goddamn
"...Steve... I watched that video and... Steve, I'm sorry I'm such a douchebag.  I'm sorry you don't feel loved. I'm trying my best but I'm... you know. Me. You know I love you, right?"  Tony looked at the surface of the pool, unable to meet Steve's eyes.
"I think maybe we were like...a few years too late on that one." Steve sighed. He hadn't taken a drink. Sam was watching him with sympathy but he didn't want it. It was childish, but Steve felt left out. Banksy was just as liberal as Steve was, but apparently he was a "good omega". What made Steve such a bad person to Donner?  Why couldn't he just tolerate him, even goddamn look at him without flinching?  Steve ought to be part of the omega slumber party.  He was the only omega left out.
"A president. Wasn't super popular."
"No, thank you, Steve," said Dr. Brazinski, rising.  "We just needed to touch base with you and... this seemed to be the best way.  Go to a few appointments and see if you get anything out of them.  We'd really prefer if you talked through your issues instead of creating conflicts to throw yourself in to."
He felt like he might be sick; his own uneasiness was being compounded by Steve's.  Steve was angry and revolted and Tony could feel it all and in that moment he almost wished he was unbonded, because the weight of the emotions were bordering on unbearable.
name."
Steve laughed breathlessly, knowing this was one of the moments they would never speak of again.
Tiberius lunged again at Pietro; Pietro was still clutching his jaw, half-blinded.  He let out a squeak of surprise when Tiberius threw an arm around his neck; he was a head shorter and far less muscular.  He struggled, clearly in a panic. "What the fuck is wrong with you? What did they
"Disappeared?" Pepper prompted gently.
!"  If Tony had to describe it, he would had said it tasted almost exactly like raw aloe.
"No, you only like that one because it reminds you of Karpov's book that he used to control you.  Pick a different one."
DeSoto looked away from Steve, biting his bottom lip very slightly.
The door opened and Bucky moved to cover Steve, but relaxed at the smell of an omega.
"...my pulse...?"
His baby blues flickered up as Tony's rough fingers explored his thigh and Steve felt his thighs part a fraction in a subconscious response to Tony's touch. It was a statement.
to it."
"--slept with literally
Maybe the worst part was Steve wouldn't even describe what he did as torture. He'd cause someone just as much pain in an actual fight just as easily, it wasn't like he water boarded him or started peeling away fingernails. Steve didn't feel like he was the kind of person who was capable of torture, honestly... he just, broke his leg right? That wasn't
It wasn't really hearing.  More of a feeling.  But it was unmistakable.
"Oh. Hey... where's Tony?"
He looked at Tony imploringly. It was hard to express how important this was to him. Steve wanted- no,
"Wanna hurry up and rinse off so I can ruin your all-American innocence again?" offered Tony, stroking the inner part of Steve's thigh.  "...then I thought we could, uh, call that lady whose card Piper gave us. Just get the ball rolling."
He looked up at Steve, moving the flowers around.  "...is there anything you want to do?" he asked tentatively.  The only other tradition he could think of was a collaring ceremony, which, aside from being more than a century old and hopelessly outdated, was possibly the most offensive thing he could think of.
"They kept me in quarantine for a month. I basically lost it, yeah. I was furious with them," Steve whispered after a moment of quiet. "They wouldn't give access to the internet, or news. The... the first day, they tried to get me to think it was the forties at first but they were stupid enough to play a match through the radio that I'd already listened to. They thought that if I knew what had happened all at once...that I'd go mad. That would be it. But I don't think locking me away from the world helped much, either.  After a month on base, with everything being spoon-fed to be, I was goin' crazy.  They told me Peggy had made SHIELD. But Peggy would never have done that to me," he added softly, words half lost in Tony's shirt.  "Then they introduced me to Natasha and Clint. They started my training, got me back into a routine, and Phil slowly introduced me to the world. He essentially gave me history lessons and started bringing me newspapers. A month and a half in they gave me access to the internet- just through a tablet. But it meant I could research what I wanted...it was a slow process. When I heard about the omega rights- it didn't sound real. Everyone was talking to me like I was a person. I mean, sure the Howling Commandos had been progressive for the time- I wasn't the only 'mega on the team. But this world, it's on a whole new level.  I think cried, actually," Steve admitted as he remembered. "When Phil told me everything...how much had changed. I just couldn't believe it.  I'm just grateful to be alive, really. I was very lucky." Steve loosened his grip in Tony's shirt when he realised he might be ruining it. "And I know that some guy is Luke's father, or something? I think I saw a meme about it. Is that what they're called?"
Tony beamed and excused himself to go bother Jeff Bezos.
When the Alpha moved to take the collar off Steve caught his hand gently. "Leave it on for now," he told him quietly. It wasn't exactly uncomfortable; the damned thing was designed for him.  "You wanna sleep now?"
Tony's phone rang; he checked.  Pepper. He took it, hoping she might have some good news for him.
strange.  It was extremely unusual, though not completely unheard of, for people to have more than one bond.  And those people were almost always Alphas, not omegas.  The problem was that Alphas would, more often than not, get possessive and end up fighting.  There was a reason most trios had only one Alpha and one omega.  Even mild, submissive Alphas could get wildly defensive of their omegas.  There were risk factors, naturally.  Every few years a news story of two Alpha going feral and killing each other over an omega in heat cropped up; more rarely, two rival omegas would get violent with each other for an Alpha's affection.  But again, this occurrence wasn't usual, because as Dr. Brazinski noted, after bonding, smells changed.  Most Alphas stopped finding omegas other than their own desirable at all, even in heat, and the reverse was true as well.  Double pair-bonds were frowned on by society; they were unnatural and almost always led to trouble.  With the exception of getting a new mate after the death of an old one, omegas mated once and only once, the scars on the back of their necks marking them as taken in a way that couldn't be easily ignored by other Alphas.
What the
"As expected. A little shaky, but he didn't throw up- Nat told me about that by the way."
Clint burst into something that was half-laughter and half-sobs and flung himself over, throwing his arms around Trickshot's neck and practically climbing into his lap.
"Yes, yes, absolutely," said Louis.
in the first week. It was no real secret that Captain America was having sex right now but that didn't mean the public wanted to think about it, or be given proof of it. The media turmoil if Steve was probably just recorded
"Don't listen to him! He's full of rubbish," Melinda muttered. The woman was absolutely fuming, her face turning bright red.
He rolled over and gagged.  He was going to puke. Steve's words about not drinking before the simulation suddenly made a fuckton of sense.
"The worst," agreed Steve.  "...the party's really important to Tony and besides, they already ordered the ice sculptures.  I'd hate to send those ice sculptures back."
Steve downed his drink when Tony walked into the room. He was enjoying their little omega gathering, it was nice... even if everyone vying for his attention was a more than a little overwhelming. He would have to let Aria know that he wasn't prepared to do this again anytime soon. The third drink was apparently hitting its mark and Steve was beginning to feel a little warm and fuzzy. He pulled at his tie, loosening it at a fraction and popped open a button on his shirt. That was better.
"You're not late," he assured Tony from where he was fixing his hair in the mirror, or rather, attempting to tame it. Steve turned back around to inspect Tony's neck. "It's a lot less pink than it was.  But I think you shouldn't wear the collar."
"Clint saved my life," said Natasha simply.  "And he gave me a family. I never thought I'd..."  She trailed off, staring at the tire swing in the yard.
"Wow," said Steve.  He lapsed back into thought while, on the television, one of the two beta men staggering around the desert in his underwear.  What a time to be alive.
"Don't," Steve whispered. "Just sleep Tony. We don't have to deal with anything else right now."
"Shut up, Tony.  Steve. You need to--"
Steve took the paper and signed it without a second thought. He trusted Gleason. Steve handed it back. The doctor smiled at him.
"You can come, but I'm not really comfortable with watching you drink, Tony. You have a problem, and you're no longer dying, or my boss. So I feel like I have to say something." He hated saying it. Steve didn't want to push Tony away from him. But he also wasn't going to ignore a problem when it was staring him right in the face and he was doing nothing about it. He put the phone back to his ear. "Can I bring a plus one?"
There was a distinct pause on the other line.  "What's the favor?" asked Tiberius warily.
Tony glared at Steve again.  "Fucking count them. Count them, look me in the eye,
got me tulips, back in the thirties.  And now someone
"Omega rights," said Tiberius with a pointed look.
Steve had never considered himself to be a very dependent person, but after the vision of the Winter Soldier in the morning and the flashback of Schmidt's death, combined with the stress of wondering what SHIELD was doing with the tesseract, Steve found himself hovering close to Tony, gravitating toward the comfort that their bond offered him.  Tony accommodated him without complaint.  He grabbed a hard copy of his suit notes, told JARVIS to put on some music, and sat on the floor to read quietly beside Steve, squeezing Steve's hands occasionally, or reaching out to pat his knee.  Steve picked at his nails distractedly, clearly anxious.  After Tony had squeezed his hand for the third or fourth time, he looked down at his fingers and frowned a little at the feeling as he flexed.
"It's in my chest.  I'm going to die.  I'm dying, and I'm in hell," said Tony.  He gagged softly, fighting the urge to vomit.
"That woman," said Steve, "was
Coulson didn't budge.  Finally, Tony shrugged.  If Coulson was a hallucination, he was a damned stubborn one.
"Same way Steve's here," said Tony.  "He fell into ice."
Tony downed his martini and spent the rest of the time on the plane rubbing hair gel over the back of his neck, trying to get his hackles to behave.  Charlie set the plane down gently and Happy opened the door for them; they descended into the New York night air, which was cooler and more humid than Los Angeles's.  A man in a suit had brought a sleek, white car; Happy dismissed him and took the keys, getting in the front to drive.
Steve felt his heart break a little. "Because I was trying to get him to say what he did, to show you what an asshole Gideon is. That you deserve better. It was a weird and creepy conversation, and I didn't want to have it. And, by the way, Gideon still thinks he can orchestrate this to get what he wants. He tried to call this morning and he left a message. He's still prepared to give you up for one night with someone else Donner."
"Sure," said Natasha.  She didn't ask any other questions; she took him back to New York, and then pulled a stack of bills out of her pocket.  "...you left your wallet in the car you stole. I assume on purpose. Here's some money. ...get back to the hotel soon, okay, Steve?  Your friends are worried about you. And the media... well, we're trying to keep this little security breach under wraps. They're already going crazy over the collar thing."
"I'd like to see you try," Steve huffed out, hands clenched by his sides.
know about this?" he demanded.
There was a great round of applause when they stepped in and Steve tried to steel himself for the many countless conversations he would have to endure that he would probably have very little interest in.
"Oh my God!  Captain America!" she exclaimed.
"Steve, maybe you should take a break from SHIELD for a little while," he said tentatively.  "You know, kick back, relax... not go on any dangerous missions... y'know, it'd take you all week alone to see everything at the Expo.  And you really need to get caught up on all the latest tech.  Hey, didn't you go to the one in '43?  Yeah, no, this one's better... the best one yet.  'Cause I made it myself."
Oh, right.  Doors were a thing.  Tony made a mental note to be nicer to Coulson in the future.
Tony gave his head a little shake to clear it, then grinned wickedly at Steve. "I would love to burn every one of his shirts. But yeah, I think he would take it out on Donner. Have you gotten to speak to Donner much?  And how come you hate DeSoto so much? He's sort of brainwashed, but man, he got
"No," said Tony.  "Not by a long shot.  But we're going to.  Eventually.  And, good news... according to SHIELD, it'll only take a week."  He rolled his eyes.
"It's Kansas, Steve," said Tony in exasperation.  "Seriously, we've been over this.  Why can't you remember any band names?"
It was so domestic, Steve wouldn't even be surprised if a dog ran out into the room.
"Curiosity killed the cat," warned Clint.
about mechanisms.  I'm Iron Man."
Tony held Steve, considering.  Should he try to do that?  ...Gleason had said it was tricky but Tony was a fast learner.  Frond's words were echoing around and around in his head:
"It feels right," volunteered Tony.  "...I'm worried we're scent-mates."
Tony jerked away, nose up before his eyes were even open.
"You're a good omega, DeSoto.  I'm happy I won you. You're a good example to Steve and I'm learning so much from you."
"I would love to name it after him," Steve murmured and ran his fingers through Tony's hair before kissing his forehead. He leaned their heads together for a brief moment and sighed, feeling a chunk of Tony's anxiety float away at the touch.
Tony stumbled a tiny bit as he stepped away from it, but caught himself.
Tony practically fell down the stairs to the first floor, then to his shop.  He made sure his armors were operational; paranoia came naturally to him these days.  Three suits were primed and ready; Tony made JARVIS run another set of diagnostics on them anyway.
"He..." Sitwell laughed and ran a hand over his face. He sounded manic. "He said he knew because I didn't like him! Can you believe that?"
Steve had been more present in the media had Tony had. He'd done plenty of interviews where as Tony had only really done the one on Banksy and Boswell's show with them. He hadn't got his 'side' of the story out yet, so to speak.
The comm crackled.
Tony looked up sharply.  "...Steve.  I think we have a problem," he said.  "How many more--"
"--what we're going to talk about today is the basic scientific principles behind mating, which is my specialty.  That's right, I'm actually qualified to talk to you folks about this today. I teach human biology, anatomy, and sexuality over at Culver College, which some of you might recall is the place where Dr. Banner went mad, but let the record show, that was
"Which would be an excellent name for a band, wouldn't it?" said Tony, unconcerned.
"He said your old apartment?"
"No," said Tony immediately.
"He made Steve Rogers wear a collar!"
Steve shifted a little, reaching down to undo Tony's belt with a wicked glint in his eyes, deft fingers working quickly. "I packed it, if you want me to wear it," he whispered, dropping Tony's belt onto the floor.
Tony stroked Steve's hair idly.  "...I don't like to talk about things," said Tony candidly.
Steve left Tony to work for the rest of the day. He hung out with Aria mostly, cleaning up a few details for their trip and practicing some of the scripts. She kept laughing at Steve (not in a good way). He was awkward when it came to saying stuff with lines and always had been; back in the USO, he'd kept notecards posted to the inside of his shield and more than a few people had told him he needed to deliver them more "convincingly." Apparently he needed to work on "loosening up" whatever that really meant.
"That's
Steve did not make Steve see him as any less of an authority figure.  Even though Steve was technically in his nineties, he couldn't help but see anyone older as thirty as a person worthy of the title "sir" or "ma'am."  He still thought of himself as about twenty-six years old.
," he whispered.
"I noticed. I worked for her too, remember?" Steve said. "She made me fill in weekly reports about how comfortable I felt in the workplace to try and make improvements. It was sweet, really." He was almost missing working with her. She was one of the most determined women Steve had ever met. Steve smiled a little. "And she apologised for you a lot..."
Pepper was still trying to talk to him but a moment later she was getting dragged into the crowd by a man Steve suspected might have been Anderson Cooper.
The office space was small but well thought-out. Four sets of dividers created clear sections. And at the back of the wall there was a huge map of the US with eighty-four different pins on it, the pins each one of four different colors. There was about twenty men and women in the room. There were mostly betas and omegas, but there were a couple of Alphas too.  Most of them were younger, in their twenties and thirties.
He gasped against Tony's lips as
"Natasha and Clint want you on the team because you'll be good for the team," Steve assured him quickly. "And we also have Sam, but he isn't around currently. He can fly too, actually. Though not quite as quick as you can," he breathed, letting their legs nudge together. His expression was relaxed, peaceful even. The warm water felt nice on his bones, his muscles. God, he needed to work out more now. As Tony's PA he hadn't really had the time. He'd managed a daily jog and a bi-weekly trip to the Stark gym. Sometimes he'd even met Happy in there and they'd checked each other. But now he had to start his proper routine all over again.
."  Steve ran a hand over his face. "The strongest thing you can do right now is say that you don't care.  You don't care if someone else is gonna try and try your omega away from you...because you simply won't let him," Steve breathed quietly. "I told you I'm not going anywhere. Not unless you kick me out."
He looked up at Pepper, confused.  Betas didn't go into heat.  Yet she was the one closest to him.  And she was staring right at him.  Bright green eyes, eyes like sea glass, and a cute little constellation of freckles across her nose...
У меня есть его."
On Aria's tablet was a picture of Steve, his shirt undone, his fingers dragging dramatically through a painted-on collar.  Next to it was a single word: FIERCE.
"...chicken pox scars," said Tony, a little too quickly.  "I got it late in life- I lived a sheltered childhood.  What'd you care, those are old scars, just ignore 'em."  His eyes narrowed at Dr. Martin as she picked up Steve's bandaged hand.
"Hey, Steve," said Tony, setting his chin on Steve's shoulder.  "Whatcha makin'? ...bacon? ...did you and Gleason eat breakfast together?  ...I'm sorry I didn't come to bed last night. I was going through some of..."  He hesitated. "...some of Dad's old stuff."
vacation.  Well. His and Steve's.  They were definitely going to visit Peggy; that was one commitment that couldn't be broken.
"Starkspangled doesn't sound like a real name," Steve said, still confused but he figured Tony knew what he was doing. He'd been debriefed on things like Twitter before going undercover but his job had had nothing to do with it, and in the course of the last few months, he'd forgotten almost everything and learned nothing new.  The deluge of information about the 21st century meant he had to pick and choose what was important, and Twitter didn't seem like an important thing.
He stared at the door, thinking.
"My shoulder's healed, thanks," Steve breathed, honestly having forgotten he'd dislocated it in the first place.
. It was a prison and I was trapped in it. That was before I was Captain America, Tony.  I was sick and it was 1935 and I was
"James, where's Wanda?" asked Pietro.
Steve spotted Piper talking animatedly with another young girl in the auction group, a girl with long, blond pigtails who looked like she and Piper ought to be at the mall cracking bubblegum and talking about boys together.
Steve pulled out his phone. There was no reply from Phil about Piper's sister yet, which could be a bad or a good sign.
"Yeah.  Yeah, she worked with your dad.  You know her?"
He managed to snag the waiter.
"Hm, yes. Well, regardless of how long Project Eve takes, we'll at least have Project Heirloom to fall back on. SHIELD will be looking for him. They brought in Sitwell, no doubt the little rat told them everything. Fortunately, he didn't know much. But it means they know he's with us. And because of the bond Stark will eventually get here, one way or another. We need to do something about that."
"Yes, that's right, we're gonna keep it going!
"Yes it goddamn is!" Steve let out a mirthless laugh and turned to face him, hands balled up into fists by his sides. Natasha could see that he was shaking. "You don't want me to be happy because when I was isolated and lonely I was easier to control. You want me to play at being a good little soldier like I used to. Well I tell you what,
drunk that entire bottle of whiskey before.  And right now he was only on his--
"Just checking his vitals, sir."
It was too late; Tony has gotten up, crossed the room, and laid down on top of Steve protectively, a low growl in his throat.
They were standing in the dairy aisle of a well-lit grocery story with a cheerful pop song raining down on them from the speakers, and Bucky was standing motionless in front of a wall of yogurt.
"If you steal him away, you'll blow our cover," warned George.  "You told us, Captain, that we had until the end of June to collect evidence to bring down all the camps... if we screw up now, some of them will slip through the cracks, and they'll be a lot more careful, going forward."
Tony couldn't have been more excited by the sudden turn of events.  He followed Jarvis, his mother, and the newcomer down the stairs toward the living room.  Jarvis deposited him on the couch and turned to Maria.  "I'll call the authorities."
"Positions!" barked Jeanette.  "Center stage, Mackabee, Banksy, get up there!"
Steve let Tony move his head and then heard the other undoing his zipper and his breath hitched a little. "Okay," he said, after a beat. "I won't push you away again. I'm sorry. I didn't even know I could do that. I...I guess I was pretty...angry." His words became disjointed as Tony's finger slid down the sensitive skin of his ear. The touch was so innocent but Steve felt like it implied more.  "I guess it would help if I actually remembered to charge my phone for once, too."
Donner hung back, timid and unsure. Qualities that Chantelle had assured him were
Sunlight was streaming through the west windows; it was another bright, beautiful day in Malibu and JARVIS was reciting the tide and surf conditions for him.
“I want to…go home. Eat some of those cookies you made. Put on a Elf and some sweaters and pretend we aren’t in Malibu for a little bit.” Tony admitted quietly, doing his best to hold Steve’s gaze, hoping it didn’t waver as much as his voice did.
Steve leaned back in his chair with a huff. “So, you can’t communicate, and I’m too stubborn. We might as well be in our twenties again.”
“I’m fine.” Tony reiterated patiently.
“When are you finished? I’m around for a while longer.”
“That’s nearly bedtime for stressed out college students who never drink enough water.”
Tony was hiding his smile to himself as he took the garland from Steve’s hand and passed it around the other side of the tree back to Steve. He could only catch glimpses of Steve’s face through the branches of the tree, but he could definitely hear his cheerful voice singing along with “It’s the Most Wonderful Time of the Year” by Andy Williams, because Steve is a sucker for the classics.
“Would you rather stay out here for the night?” Steve asked with a raised eyebrow, so Tony just muttered a quick, ‘No,’ and climbed in, letting Steve close the door firmly behind him.
“Hello?” He answered lowly.
Well, that wasn’t quite true. They’d gone to school together, except Steve was a year older than him and a football player where Tony was a science geek. Tony had had a couple of classes with him, but they’d never interacted much beyond being in the same lab group for first semester.
“Good morning, Beloved,” Tony replied, a warm knot tugging in his chest, “Sleep well?”
He had biology with him fifth period, in the same lab group and everything. Steve was useless in that class, and so was Thor, and most of the time Sam too. But Tony didn’t seem to mind. He could probably do this backwards in his sleep, didn’t bother him that no one else seemed to know a lick of what the teacher was talking about.
Singing was not on that list.
It played over in Tony’s head, like some sort of loop.
“It was probably just a spam.” Tony soothed. He knew Peter had a tendency to work himself up over things, and this was already getting out of hand.
There was a moment of silence, then Jeremy spoke, his voice losing the ever present cheery tone he had carried, “That’s not what you were saying earlier.”
, Tony thought slightly hysterically.
“They were your friends, too.” Steve went on.
"I had clearance to read the files so it kind of was," shot back Rhodes.  "And according to those files, the Winter Soldier has been shadowing SHIELD for a long time.  Steve is one of SHIELD's most valued agents.  Use your brain, Tony."
Tony relaxed.  Even though Steve sounded pissed off, the words he said washed over Tony like a breath of fresh air.
"You can have coffee after you've saved your life, Mr Stark," Coulson said from where he was watching next to Clint and Nat, his hands clasped neatly before himself.  "But considering you did not sleep last night, caffeine will only serve to exhaust you further." Phil, the king of passive aggressive. Steve sometimes thought it would just be politer if he just said 'no' once in a while.
"Come on," Clint patted his arm. "We'll be back later," he told Cooper and then promptly dragged Steve out of the room before another question would be asked which he would be too polite to ignore.
"Is he old enough to work?  He doesn't look old enough to work," said Pepper, frowning.
Phil stretched a hand out.  Natasha handed him the box.
Tony blinked.  He looked up at Steve.  Steve's soft blue eyes were looking at him, his brow knitted in concern.
"...oh yeah," said Tony.
Tiberius might have spoken but Steve did not,
. Because he was strong and enduring and he would take whatever his alpha gave to him. Steve angled just right and the drag of Tony inside of him was perfect. He was hard again already but he would last it out- Steve wanted to savour this moment.
do that to you. That was just..." The desperation in Tony's eyes. It almost had felt real. "Do you have feelings for him?" Pepper blurted out. "Well? Do you Tony?"
"Well, it's your body, Donner," said Dr. Gleason gently.
"Tony-" Steve squeezed his shoulder gently just as they were entering the witch’s house. "Tony, this is actually kinda- okay, it's scary. Tony, can you wake up?"
The asset sat at Karpov's feet, watching as he bandaged the omega's hand.  Karpov had military training, years of it, and it was coming in handy. The omega winced and hissed; the girl stood by him, emanating fury.
Captain America?  Why didn't you just ask?" demanded Pepper.
"Don't talk about things you know nothing about."
As for the omega psychologist onscreen, though, Tony was intrigued.  He wondered if he could get Pepper to get him a meeting with her.  Maybe take an hour to talk to her about how omegas worked, try to make up for the last forty years of ignorance.
Donner eyes flicked up, then down.
to be good for you anymore. I feel so useless," he said, his words muffled against the fabric.
"...one hand can't hurt," said Harry.
He hit the jets and caught himself, skimming over the surface of the ocean, the sun sparkling above him.
"Thanks Phil!" Steve called back, though his mind was on other things as Tony's hands pulled him through into the kitchen. Phil had turned the music up to max and the floor was nearly vibrating. Steve couldn't blame him. He wouldn't want to hear other people at it on his heat either. He went to shut the door and then dumbly realized that the kitchen didn't have one, just an artsy archway that curved into a pretty pattern at the top.
. Steve was panting as he came down from his high, cheeks flushed, and his damp hair, now mostly dried, pushed messily back from his forehead.
Her frown deepened and she picked up a phone on the desk, dialing.  Tony was pretty sure they would be allowed in; they weren't breaking any rules, yet.  Steve was in a collar, wasn't he? And it was a locking one, so there shouldn't be a problem, right?
Natasha's phone chimed and she pulled it out to check it.  "Clint says hi," she said without replying to Tony.
sure having a baby felt significantly worse.
"Not necessarily.  Might be seen as progressive, y'know, an omega in charge of a trio instead of being on the sidelines," said Mackenzie, still peaceful.  He took a sip from the rim of his coffee cup.
"You could report that," Steve pointed out.  She shrugged.
to mate an omega after bonding him was super-human.
He put his arms around Steve's neck and pulled Steve over his chest, gently.  "We did win... it's over," he conceded.  "...everything after this should be easy, right?  An interview next week, a psych eval for me the week after that... but the worst of it's over."  He sighed softly, running his fingers lightly over the back of Steve's neck.  "...what do you think Project PEGASUS is?  A flying car or something?" wondered Tony suddenly.  "You think that's what Clint's been doing in New Mexico?  Test-driving a hovercraft or something?"
?" demanded Sam after a moment.
What did Steve mean,
He wasn't sure how long they were like that; they weren't making out, exactly, but both their mouths were moving; it was passionate but also intimate and Tony could happily continued to explore Steve's lips and mouth, his fingertips brushing over Steve's skin and the fabric of his shirt.
Steve helped carry all of Tony’s things up to his hotel room.  No one paid him any mind; the scene of an omega scuttling after an Alpha, carrying his bags for him, was perfectly normal.  One suitcase in particular, a metal briefcase, was a little heavy, even for him, but he didn’t ask what was in it.  He set everything down on the floor of their penthouse suite.  A full breakfast had been laid out for Tony; Steve’s mind was wandering to the toast and fruit salad he’d ordered that would be waiting for him in his own room.  God, he was starving after that flight.  It was tricky to keep up with his metabolism sometimes.  “The event starts in six hours, so we should head off in five, at the latest,” Steve said pointedly as he straightened back up.  “I’ll leave you to rest now, Mr. Stark…”
"...Steve, about Bucky... I'm sure... look, he's fine.  They can sedate him and... and he's too far gone to know what's happening anyway," offered Tony awkwardly.  "He'll go back to sleep when this is over and probably not even remember. Let's just get through this, okay?  I won't... I won't leave you again. You mean too much to me."
He paced the floor in frustration.  How long would he have to wait? His erection was almost unbearable.
"Going on a world tour," said Tony.
?" repeated Tony.  "
Tony looked to Steve.  He had no intention of sitting down and letting some stranger put his paws all over Steve unless Steve was on board, and Steve felt uncomfortable.
"I'll let Aria know," Steve said and  grabbed his phone off the bedside table, the sheets pooling in his lap to offer him some decency.
He was quietly counting prime numbers in his head when he smelled him.
"Tony?" said Natasha in alarm.
"Steve."
Tony let out a small noise of protest as Steve picked him up.  It was different when he'd been drunk or when they'd been alone, but now that they had gone public, Tony had a deep sense of pride.  Seeing that picture of himself holding Steve, looking heroic, had stirred something up in him.  He wanted to be every inch the strong Alpha his father had always wanted.  Which meant not being carried around in Steve's arm like an infant.
Tony should have felt nervous about being paired with Steve for life in such a profound way but he wasn't.  There was no anxiety there.  He had been so desperate to mate Steve, he'd almost not even had a choice.
"Don't worry," Howard laughed and patted him again before pulling away. "I've already got a gal, and anyways, I don't do men."
"Please don't."
The phone, a StarkTech III, responded to his voice; he put Natasha on hold and a moment later Pepper's voice was echoing through the room.
And then--
Pepper actually looked hurt and it occurred to Steve that, for years, she had been Tony's sole confidante.  And now she wasn't. Steve's jealousy of her was clearly not one-sided.
"Think you've had enough, huh?" he said.
"My suit..." protested Tony weakly, but Rhodes helped him to his feet and dragged him, towel-clad and still clutching the vase, back upstairs.
After Aria had finished berating him, she set the times of his interview with the
Tony brushed a lock of Steve's hair from his forehead.  "Well... I'm up now.  C'mon.  We gotta eat," said Tony, grudgingly getting out of bed and pulling on his boxer-briefs.  Maybe he'd nap later.  But he was awake at the moment and wanted to spend a lazy morning with his mate.
Pietro sat up angrily.  "It's our home!"
"Uhh, I
Steve was a soldier but that was something Tony found easy to forget.  All week, they'd been lounging around, regular people.  Being reminded that he was a captain was a titillating thought; Tony could feel his body respond to it automatically.  Neither of them were looking down but Tony was pretty sure they were equally aware of the erection Steve was giving him.
fault for chasing Steve away. He didn't deserve support or even forgiveness and yet moments earlier Steve had been offering to...
Fortunately, the baby wasn't invited to Tony's annual New Year's Eve party.  That, as usual, was a media-covered event with many mature elites from the industry.  Tony and Steve kissed at midnight and saw their picture in the news the next day, the two of them covered in confetti, their eyes closed in passion.
Steve ducked his head down to press a kiss to Tony's index finger. Then he nipped at it with a subtle smirk, tongue darting out to taste briefly. He was sure there was a limit to what he could get Tony to do but this would be a curious experiment. There was a lot he wanted from Tony, everything they'd done and more. Sometimes his thoughts wandered...he felt both the need to make Tony squirm beneath him and be the one squirming. Sometimes Steven even wondered about the suit and if Tony could hold him down in it- even if he fought back. The thought made him shudder. But right here and now was about making Tony squirm.
Tony paused in his frantic, squirrel-like collection to observe Steve.  He was an omega, yes, unmistakably an omega.  For Alphas and omegas, they could identify their orientations as easily as if it were their gender or age range.  But Steve was a uniquely powerful,
"JARVIS!" shrieked Tony when he heard Steve's cries on the other side of the door.  The sounds Steve was making were like a wire that went directly into some very primal, primitive part of his brain.  "JARVIS, open this door!"
Natasha busied herself with helping Steve remove the electrodes from his head.
Fury paused for a few seconds, hand on the door. And then he left.
"Shave," commanded Tony, pointing to his jaw.  "Seriously, I'm starting to look like Wolverine here... can you just tidy this up?  I don't want to look like a schlub in front of the king of a country."
"Nah, man, you're right."
Tony's eyes widened.  "Okay! I'm hungry! I'm thirsty!  I've got to pee!" He tried to focus on these ideas but it was like trying to focus on one of the floating swigglies in your eye; any attempt to look at it head-on made it evaporate.  He squeezed his eyes closed so hard that it hurt. "...they didn't even provide a bucket," he repeated. "...there's just a drain in the floor."
"We need to analyze both the simulation and your oral psych eval with Dr. Brazinski.  But the outlook is good," said Fury, offering Tony a hand.
"Give me that phone," demanded Tony.
Steve was fidgeting.
"Tony won't have a meltdown if I'm in danger. In fact, it will probably make him more efficient. It certainly did on the race track in Monaco," Steve pointed out coolly. "We are not the liability here. And until this first period, the honeymoon thing, is over for us, you really have no right to wind him up over it."
"I will never quit the Avengers, and I will never quit my country, but I will
Aria hadn't been kidding about all of them trying to outdo each other.  It was like being in a roomful of Tonys. Trey's brother pushed another drink into Steve's hand.
"--and you said, ‘No, he's busy, he's not to be disturbed under any circumstance--’"
The most private pictures Steve had were of his mother. They were made up of wispy lines and faded memories. It had been so long since he'd seen her, heard her laugh...she felt like a lifetime ago. Steve had loved her more than anything else. When he drew her he could still remember her left dimple and the pinkish dresses she'd wear. But he couldn't remember her eyes. Not properly. It killed him sometimes. Steve hated Hydra for many reasons- but that one was the worst.
"Captain Rogers is currently visiting Thomas Banksy," intoned JARVIS.
in heat, but they're still driving the Alpha crazy--"
Tony and Steve stayed up late, watching television, not speaking.  There was nothing much to say and both of them were too tired, anyway.  Their body language spoke for itself.  Steve lay with his head on Tony's lap and Tony stroked him; Tony's fingers felt nice in his hair. Steve sighed. He didn't know if it was the right time to mention that the chance of Bucky ever being woken up from cryo was like one in a million. He didn't want Tony to think he was upset by that. He was trying not to be.
Steve grabbed the corner of the sheet and wiped the spent off of his face with a small grimace. He leaned his head against Tony's shoulder as he began to settle down. He hummed contently and then pressed a kiss to the skin there. "Love you too," he murmured, letting his eyes slip shut. Steve didn't want to sleep that much, but he knew Tony was drifting off, so he might as well catch some sleep whilst he could.
The soldier stared at him blankly.  How could they have been bonded? The soldier was unsure they'd ever even met before, aside from recently.  Was this a trick?
At least it was a non-commanded action.
Lydia was already pulling the silvery collar out of the case and handing it to Tony with a sort of reverence.  Tony examined it. It was surprisingly heavy in his hands; he wondered if Steve would be okay with that. Most collars were heavy; he didn't want Steve to feel burdened by it.  Personally, Tony couldn't care less; he was willing to wear whatever. To him, the whole thing was a joke, like going in drag. But he knew this had a lot more weight (ha!) to an omega like Steve.
"Mentally, heats are a very... vulnerable time.  Bonds are strongest during heats," said Gleason, addressing Steve.  "Once you're out the other side, you should feel him less strongly."
Steve put his hands up. "Please. Don't. I'm here to help."
"I'm not tired!" yelled Tony.  "And also, stop talking about me like I'm not here!  Hey! Since there's three of us we should--"
Steve gasped and squirmed against his alpha as he got close. "Please, Tony...ah...oh--" And then he tensed and came over Tony's hand, his ass clenching around Tony's fingers as he rode out his orgasm with slow rocks of his hips.
He nodded back.
Tony felt the pang of sadness from his omega and he was at his side in an instant, nuzzling into him.  "Yeah, you can have it, it's your orchid," he reassured him, dragging his tongue over Steve's neck. Steve was hot, as if he'd been pressed up against a heater or something.
.  We weren't thinking about sex that much."
He checked Steve's room next, but it was also empty.  Puzzled, Steve poked his nose in the lounge, and there was Steve, curled up on the couch where they had made their nest during his heat.
Bucky's dander was up and his teeth were bared.  He remained lying over Steve, protectively, glaring at the other two Alphas.  He did not know who they were.  He no longer felt he could trust anyone, except for Steve, and Karpov.  He was not going to back away just because they told him to.  He would not leave his omega, still partially in heat, to these two unknown Alphas.
--someone was speaking--
Karpov swore.  Watching his perfect asset's programming slowly unravel was a terrible thing, like watching a beloved old dog get sick and slow.
"Did they say anything about it coming early?" George asked, curious.
"--I just don't want people creating, you know, imaginary monsters.  Thinking HYDRA possesses witchcraft," said Sitwell, with an awkward chuckle.
"Don't look so shocked.  It was an arranged bond."
Natasha glanced down at her phone for a moment to text Clint.  He was the only one on the team she knew for a fact had experience with inducers and figured Steve might need someone to talk to, once he woke up.  She knew that, in all likelihood, Steve had probably gotten his neck patched, gotten fucked, and was going to crash for at least a day. She huffed a little.
"You. I need you. I wanna cum, Tony, please..." Steve panted, eyes glazed over with arousal and desperation. He clenched around him needily, eyes rolling back at the sensation. It wasn't enough. Was it ever goddamn enough?
God, Tony, are you kidding me?  You've got all of Steve's omega friends and about six reporters down there and you're peacocking around with a girl on either arm like you're single--"
Tony shoved Jack away; Hammer darted after him. Tony hit his hand jets and half-lunged, half-flew over to Vanko, slamming into him with the force of a car trying to run a red light and slamming into another vehicle.  The two hit the ground and slid, the loud shriek of shearing metal making Tony's teeth itch.
They'd arrived home after the conference and Gideon had told him: "Don't get out of the car." And he hadn't, because Donner was
The reactor!
"Yeah, they totally let me off the hook," said Clint, forking a piece of French toast and pulling it out of the way of Lila's small, grabby hands.  "Said I was only doing what Nat wanted me to, couldn't be held responsible. So I guess I get to go do more work with PEGASUS out in Mojave, which is... well, it's boring, but it's a safe assignment," said Clint, shrugging.
"I am so sick of hearing about how your century was different," grumbled Tony.
"Aww," said several people.  Irshad looked impressed.  The lone reporter at their table was scribbling frantically.
"Yes, you do.  Here."
Tony was yanking Steve toward the door, intent on getting out before things got violent.  And they really seemed ready to get violent. The Alphas in the room were pissed off, they smelt of aggression, reeked of self-righteous dominance, and most of them had been drinking.
"Excuse me, mister! Are you really Captain America?!" She asked, eyes lighting up.
Steve smirked lazily, so lazily the gesture barely curled onto his lips. "Don't want you thinking I'm easy, Stark," he rumbled, tone gently teasing as he let out a small sigh. He snuggled back against him, doing his best to ignore Tony's hard on. It wasn't easy, mind. A part of Steve wanted to straddle Tony and wondered what it would feel like if he-
"Steve... I know it's hard to admit that our statuses influence us but... c'mon.  That breakdown wouldn't have happened if it weren't for..." said Phil softly, glanced down at Tony.  Fury, Hill, and the other two agents were attempting to pull them apart; Tony was snapping in between extremely creative curses and everyone was trying not to get bitten, without much luck; Hill had already taken a bite to the hand.  "...instinct and emotion plays a bigger role in our lives than in betas'. That's just biology," said Phil, softly, as the betas in the room finally managed to pull apart the Alphas.
made him tremble.  He was practically vibrating with pleasure and the effort of staying still. Steve's cock was hard and curved against his stomach but he made no effort to try and touch it.
"What statement?  You look like an idiot," said Dan frankly.  "Hello, Steve," he added breezily, as if acknowledging Tony had brought along a dog or something.
"Killing him won't change what he did," Steve said calmly and suddenly he twin looked furious. Steve straightened up.  "Killing Johann Schmidt just made me more like him. I enjoyed doing it but it wasn't a good feeling."
Tony’s living room was bustling with activity as Steve and Pepper made their way down the curved staircase.  The furniture had disappeared to clear space for the ice sculptures and tables of hor d'oeuvres. A stage had been set up against one wall; Steve could only assume the furniture had been dumped into the garage to make way for it.
"Not... fighting..." mumbled Tony, head lolling.
"I just... I'm just... worried about bonding..." mumbled Seven.  Green eyes flicked up, then down.
long before you started traipsing around as Iron Man," said Sam defensively.
"What- no!  Steve!  Help Steve!" protested Tony.
Tony crouched an arm's length away, just in case Steve lashed out at him.  "Hey, buddy," he said uncertainly. "You, uh... you okay there? You pulled a Banner on me."  (Dr. Banner was legendary; he'd gone crazy and torn up half of Culver College before going on the lam.  Tony had tossed Culver College a sizeable grant, hoping they'd hire more insane physics professors, but the replacement was terminally boring and Tony had declined to speak at the commencement in June.)
There was a loud explosion behind them.
"...maybe Fury's lost it.  This little walk down memory lane isn't helpful at all.  I don't think I'm going to make any ground-breaking discoveries watching Dad try to--" began Tony, but he stopped short.
He sipped the drink, staring out the window at the ocean and the sun glinting off the water.  He wanted to make sure the last bits of panic from his nightmare were completely gone before he went to find Steve.
!  ...Steve, keep an eye on him."
we were;
him! In the arm only, but still... he shot him because he was pointing at gun at Charles. Because Charles was running away... to
"Look. I better go, you're tired and we're just about to have dinner. But thanks for letting me know about my brother Steve, really."
"Sure do.  That's it? You just want a shot?  No chaser?"
Tony sighed and looked down at the intricate design on the tile floor.  Steve knew Tony well enough to know he was calming himself down by reciting a math formula in his head.
"You two.  You go on when they cue you, from stage left, okay?" said Jeanette.
until July, it's going to be so fabulous-- oo, is that champagne?  Excuse me darlings, that glass has got my name on it!" He flitted away.
She sighed and walked out, leaving him alone in the guest bedroom to gather himself.  She loped down the stairs holding the mostly-empty flask, hoping to find Steve and let him know Tony was in one of his moods.  Unfortunately, the moment she descended the stairs, it was chaos. It was loud with music and bodies were pressed in everywhere and the party was in full swing.  She cringed, scanning the crowd for Steve, catching him smashed between two reporters, Tiberius, Banksy, and Aria.
Steve nearly choked on his coffee.
"Yeah, at least one of 'em has the prototype for Cap's shield," said Tony, studying his nails, pretending not to care.  "Plus you've got all his notebooks, newsreels, other shit..  It's a good thing we're not operating under a deadline, huh, because it's going to take forever to go through all this." He grinned.  "...deadline.  Pun intended.  ...oh, lighten up, guys, you're not the one who's about to drop dead.  Come on, let's get this stuff back home... Grab a box..."
"Steve's political jokes have to be non-partisan.  Remember, President Ellis is a Republican and he's on our side," and Aria humorlessly.  "Just stick to the scripts, Rogers."
He turned to ask Karpov, remembered he was alone.  Well, shit.
Instead, Tony rifled through his desk drawer to see if he had any blow. He wasn't sure alcohol would cut it this time, and besides, he had to stay awake and keep working.  Until the Mark VII was done, he was vulnerable without the gantry, which made him uneasy. In the suit, he was invincible... but getting into the suit posed a problem. Tony was all about solving problems.  He was problem-solver. Problem-solving is what he did.
"...Tony.  You're bonded to Steve.  So you can help find him."
"Yeah," Steve said, his voice catching a little for effect. Natasha would have been proud. "He did."
Tony gritted his teeth, fucking Steve relentlessly.  It was harder to come the second time, so close to the first, but he managed; he let out a long, loud moan, his fingers digging into Steve's flesh, pressing himself into the other and twitching jerkily.  It left him a sweaty, quivering mess on top of Steve. His knot was throbbing with a dull but satisfied ache and he knew without moving they were firmly locked together.
"Seventy years is a long time," Steve whispered. "God knows what they've done to him. He could have changed a lot. You don't have to believe me Tony, but you know what I think."
"If he had siblings, though, they would all be like... in their eighties, at least.  ...maybe his brothers had kids?"
He glanced over to the kitchen and sighed. "I just wish I could show Donner what an asshole Gideon was. Not even in an 'Alpha' way. He's a horrible person, in general. Donner needs to see that he deserves someone who actually wants
Steve couldn't hide his dislike of the man. Something deadly flashed over his face whilst he imagined how easy it would be break the man's neck. Or maybe he'd rip his bottom jaw off. He wanted to make him suffer before he died.  Steve was normally one to make deaths swift and painless.  But this man did not deserve that.  What he had done to Bucky... he was evil.  Truly and fully
With every passing second he was becoming frantic.  He'd failed his objective.  He was pretty sure that his target, the one-eyed man, was alive and also that the other guy hadn't been captured and now they had taken his handler and he was alone in the world, and everything looked so unfamiliar and strange to him.
He climbed into bed, bottle still in hand, and pulled back and covers, gesturing for Steve to lie down, to let Tony put an arm around him.  Tony knew Steve liked to lay his head on his chest, feel the heat from the arc reactor. He figured he'd let Steve nap and work his way through the rest of the liquor in the bottle, eventually passing out, too, and in the morning it would be Christmas and they'd make the most of it.  Steve could have his little omega pals come over to talk charity work, and Tony could plan the party, and... well, they'd be fine.
Aria surveyed the room, and spotted Tony and Pepper against a wall.  "There.  Come on."  She linked their arms and led Steve toward his mate.
"...the, uh, that one goes to mine, I thought you should keep both... I got them engraved, I dunno, you mentioned getting them engraved so I did that--"
... Alpha. Give it to me. Please. Please I need it." Steve gasped as Tony completely buried himself inside of him, blunt nails digging into Tony's shoulders. "Fuck," he whispered, his eyes fluttering shut, lips parted in bliss as he rocked down onto Tony mindlessly. "That's it-- fill me up. I
"We only need one grapple," replied Natasha, giving the rope a few experimental tugs; its thinness belied its strength.  "Do you mind?" Natasha asked with a sly smile over her shoulder. She really came into her own on a mission; she looked...strangely happy. It was like the way Clint made her smile.
Steve slumped down against the wall, ignoring the director still as the HYDRA elites walked away, leaving them be. He didn't say anything. He was still silent as he slid down the wall to sit down, his ankle throbbing.
," said Tony softly, stroking Steve's cheek with his thumb.  He noted that Steve was using "vous," the more formal tense.  Was that because they were being formal?  Or was that because Tony was an Alpha and Steve was an omega?  "
"On it," said Happy.
He twisted in and around the water, coming up for air occasionally before diving back down. The sun was streaming through the water, dancing over the curves of his body in the water.  He liked the movement, the freedom.  The celebration of his body, which had once been so broken and now was so fantastically
Let's be honest, if you've read this far, you already know that we don't pull punches. Still, content warning.  - T
Bucky mulled over Rogers's question.  He was doing his best to piece everything together.  They were at war, he knew that much.  His name was Buck, apparently.  Captain Rogers was his friend, his omega friend.
"He has no regard for himself," Steve agreed. "He's fine with being the second or third choice, so long as he's a choice. But I think he'd put that baby before Gideon if he had the choice presented to him, I really do."
Donner scanned the room again before answering.  He gave Steve a tiny, nervous smile. "It's okay.  It's not-- not your fault," he said, his voice quiet and guarded.   He had a halting way of talking; it was unclear whether it was a neurological issue, like a stutter, or psychological, caused only by anxiety. "I know Gideon doesn't-- doesn't want me to-- it's okay."  He gave an anxious laugh. "Gideon really likes you. He-- he talks about you all the time. Not-- not all bad stuff. He likes the way you look. He says if you were-- were with a better Alpha, you'd probably be a perfect omega.  He says-- says the Starks ruined you but-- but that you're still really-- really a great specimen." Donner ducked his head a little. "B-before you were unfrozen everyone th-thought you were an Alpha and everyone used to say I looked like Captain America if he was an omega... heh... no one says that anymore... because-- because you
He'd thought the first man was down but he was grabbed at Steve's ankle and trying to jam a - was that a
"Okay," said Tony, relieved that Steve hadn't done anything worse than give one of his inspirational speeches.
“And you know when to use it?” Clint pressed, clearly not intending to address the complete bafflement he’d provoked in his partner.
“We don’t know that for sure,” Bruce commented. “We haven’t done any blood work since you got here, it is possible, if unlikely, that being here is provoking some level of biological or physiological change to your system,”
you should let him in, Jay, Jesus.”
“He did regret it, you know,” Strange said, startling Tony out of an internal rant which might very well have turned epic had it been permitted. “You two might not have cared much for one another but he did seek out all other opportunities before making the decisions that would lead you all in that particular direction. There were none.”
Tony had worn his camera-ready smile for so long in the other universe that it came easily now. He even managed a playful little wink at Bruce as he stood and smoothed the lines of his clothes, ignoring the continued ache from his groin with as much dignity as he could manage.
Steve had mostly learned to stop going into meals with any kind of expectation. There was just so much food available in the world now, not to mention free and accessible information about how to cook it in hundreds of thousands of different ways—he wasn’t complaining, mind, but he’d long since given up on ever feeling like he’d mastered food. That didn’t mean he wasn’t slightly surprised to enter Masdee’s rooms and find her table covered in Kentucky Fried Chicken. The steaming buckets of fried chicken, cardboard boxes of fries and beans, and styrofoam containers of too-green coleslaw just looked fundamentally wrong in this space, particularly when Masdee emerged from her bedchamber dressed in formal robes of a warm yellow. When she followed Steve’s gaze to the table, she threw her hands up in exasperation.
But still you stayed. And so as I sat upstairs with Pepper trying to imagine what the future should be, I realized that all of you, every single one of you, deserved some input about that topic. I don’t mean vision statements or any of the other crap they have you do at retreats—whoops, sorry Pep—I mean…I mean imagine your perfect day here. What are you doing? What are you making? I don’t care if it’s in your department or not, I don’t care whether you think it’s even possible. Just tell me what you’re really here to do.”
“Are those Kimoyo Beads? You gotta let me get my hands on those.” He realized a bit too late that perhaps his other self had already made himself familiar with Wakandan technology, but if Masdee was confused or suspicious, she hid it well beneath the indulgent smile she sent Talia’s way.
“I know the feeling,” he said honestly. “And we don’t…I don’t want it to feel like charity or something, either. Look. What if we call it an internship?” His voice cracked just a little on the last word, but he covered it up admirably with a cough. Peter was too tired, or too befuddled, to recognize anything was amiss. “I’m on vacation for a bit longer, but when I’m back we’ll set up some times for you to come to the Tower. You can help me out in the lab, and as a bonus you’ll have all the space and materials you need to improve the suit and the web fluid.”
“Nothing. Just. How did he convince you? What did he say? I have to understand, I have to know.”
“I have updated Boss as to Peter’s welfare, Captain Rogers—”
“JARVIS, who’s in the Tower right now?”
“That’s because there’s a lot of guesswork involved here,” Coulson explained patiently. “From what I’ve put together, Tony suspects that the group that attacked us and as much as told Steve they were training to come for Tony were sent by SI, who is trying to protect themselves from news of the coverup they instigated going public as a result of Steve’s pilot program.” Thor nodded, motioning for Coulson to continue. “CNOW is one of the groups that has been lobbying hardest for SHIELD to abandon the trial program, mostly under the guise of extremely bigoted claims about how going against one’s ‘natural’ orientation is unhealthy and an affront against God.”
“Of course you can come, Peter. You told me to never talk to you about anything remotely related to SHIELD, and this technically falls under that category. Plus I figured you had enough going on, fixing things with your aunt and your friends. I assumed more social stuff would be the opposite of what you wanted.”
“I—we, well, I was drunk off my ass.”
“So, Mr. Parker. Tell me about a challenge you have encountered and how overcoming it has shaped your personal and educational journey.” The rebuff, if that’s even what it was, was a gentle one. Gwen’s usual cheeky grin was firmly in place, and when Peter answered the practice question, she listened with her usual focused attention. She even asked follow ups which felt more personal than any actual decathlon interviewer would have posed, and he found himself talking more candidly than he ever had with anyone but Ned.
“Thanks.”
“Oh, he didn’t—right. I guess he wouldn’t have. He had you.” Steve didn’t know if it was time or subspace or both that softened the harsh anger with which Tony had once spoken of the differences between he and his alternative self, but Steve almost wished for that rage over the quiet, calm acceptance that coloured Tony’s voice now. “It was…uh, seven months after New York, and I…I was a bit of a mess. Kept seeing them, the Chituari, space, wondering what else…” He trailed off for so long that three of the Dominants in the room (Nat, Phil, and Steve himself) were halfway to their feet to check on him before Tony started up again. “Started building suits and I couldn’t stop, not even when I called one to bed when Pep and I were in it.”
“Mmm. Guess it must be someone else who’s been sleeping in the waiting room for the last three days. My mistake. See ya, kid.”
I (the writer) am taking this one instead of the Doctor, because I WAS SO UNBELIEVABLY EXCITED TO GET THIS QUESTION! I’ve never gotten questions about writing/process stuff before, and it’s something I really love talking about. So thank you, anon!
When they touched down on the roof of the Tower, Coulson and Tony were both waiting. Steve let the others disembark, and watched from the window as Coulson indulged in a rare show of semi-public affection long enough to lean down over the stretcher and press a kiss to Clint’s forehead, and then another to Natasha’s. He meant to get up and follow them, he really did. But every time he tried to make his legs bend to stand, his eyes found Tony.
“Dunno. Never really.” And then he stopped talking before he managed to make himself sound any more pathetic. Bruce sighed and dug into a small black duffle bag he’d brought with him, emerging with—“Should I also indicate any deep-seeded hang-ups I have regarding fuzzy socks?” Bruce smiled, the fond one that crinkled all the lines near his eyes and mouth, and then proceeded to pull Tony’s feet into his lap, undo the laces of his shoes and tug them off, along with his black silk socks.
Which was how Tony ended up chugging terrible coffee in a SHIELD conference room while reviewing footage of a young woman who called herself Ms. Marvel (a title Carol Danvers had apparently once gone by in this universe), using comically huge fists to pick up a team of five or so guys attempting to
“So you think the first thing Tony does if he stays the night on your floor is going to be to go into your guest bathroom—not even the master, the guest bathroom, which I would bet hasn’t been used at all since I moved onto my own floor—and inspect the grout? This from the guy who as recently as last week sat through an entire meal without realizing that he had bits of wire from a broken circuitboard in his hair?”
Bruce’s lab, he discovered once he finally did manage to force his body out of bed and into the bowels of the Tower, exhibits even more signs of change than Tony’s own workshop had. The most obvious is the entire wing that’s devoted to medical treatment, including what looked like a souped up hospital bed, a portable X-ray, and a wall of meticulously organized paraphernalia for treating everything from chemical burns to major lacerations. Tony picked up a bottle of unnaturally green goo labelled ‘Xenmu Saliva’ in Bruce’s neat scrawl and arched an eyebrow.
“Yes!”
mean that non-consensual violence by dominants towards submissives, especially when both are in headspace, is virtually non-existent. A Dom has to fight back all of their most basic instincts to do it, so most of them couldn’t manage it, even if they wanted to for some bizarre reason. Scenes can still go wrong, of course, things happen, but it’s exceedingly rare for a Dominant to cause intentional, non-consensual damage to a submissive.”
“Yes.”
Started? Tony’s eyes flew open, finding Bucky’s blue ones still staring at him with rapt attention.
“Oh it’s nothing to worry about for now. Let’s just keep our eye on things, shall we?”
“Different things, depending on who’s wearing it,” was Coulson’s cryptic reply. “When I’m in the field mine gets tighter, so that it can’t be removed the way it should be by regulation. Drives the real spooks crazy—makes me too identifiable.” Coulson had never seemed like the type to take pleasure in defying protocol, but he was definitely grinning when he said that. “Natasha’s is a necklace that can change its levels of hardness. It never breaks or scratches, but in the right circumstances it can stretch, or become both malleable and sturdy enough to, for instance, restrain a target.”
“No, we need Mr. Tony to help us with a secret, secret mission,” another girl, Sophie, exclaimed.
“Your brother is not some victim in this,” Steve growled. “And you’re not Isak. I don’t know what’s messed up in your head for you to play this mind games and act as though you are not Ryder, but I know everything. I saw the little cues you give, when you think I’m not watching you. I see the way you favor your right hand, when you reach to wipe your lips. Isak’s left handed asshole.”
Clint waited for Tony to go back into the kitchen before following him. Clint excused himself stepping over Natasha’s leg and went into the kitchen. The sounds of Natasha and Steve debating over what to watch next came to a soft whisper as he walked away. Tony was gathering some more popcorn and he didn’t register Clint coming behind him until he turned around.
As the coffee brewed, he settled on looking at all the pictures and art work stuck to the refrigerator. At first Tony wondered why so much was on there, but Peter had assured him that lots of families put important pictures and home drawings there. And who was he to stop that, when everyone began adding pictures, some fighting for the best spot.
Tony continued to go about their plans, voice hitching and petering out as Steve’s fingers and mouth continued to play him like an instrument Steve only knew how to play. Steve pressed forward with four fingers, a feat only possible since Tony was still nicely stretched out.
Steve’s sobs wracked his body and Bucky began to feel equally affected. He hadn’t remembered a time Steve had cried this hard, since the day his mom died. Steve was often good at shielding his emotions, so to see him like this tore Bucky’s heart.
So yes Tony was going to break up with Ryder and he was going to feel so damn good about it.
Tony knew he didn’t have long before those patches and pills began to affect his body. He closed his eyes and tried channeling the last bit of energy he had. He didn’t know if it was truly the fear of not knowing what would happen if he was sold or whether Tony had gotten so tired of people touching him without his fucking permission…but whatever and wherever the energy came from he was thankful.
Steve stepped back a little so he could have room to mouth down Tony’s body. His lips caught on Tony’s smooth collarbone before traveling further downward and catching on a nipple. Tony groaned lowly in his throat, his voice whispering out Steve’s name.
“Okay, did they say thank you for pardoning their criminal asses.”
“You did nothing the day after?”
Clint, Thor, and Sam had by then also followed. All of them were content to wait until Steve gave them an order. Something.
“Yes, cookies. Medicine first, okay?” Tony shivered when Miles let out another cough. “Okay, so two teaspoons of this. Is that right? This looks like a lot. Okay, now I just have to pour this and…okay so I definitely do not have the three arms to do this.”
Shame coursed through Steve and he immediately drew his body away from Bucky’s. Natasha pursed her lips together, wondering if Bucky had gone too far. Bucky’s eyes widened and his chest went up and down, trying to regain his breath. When he realized that Steve was no longer going to be wrestling with him, he took his seat next to Natasha again.
“Just get out.”
“Kid, it’s going to be alright—”
"...well shit. I knew there was a downside to this whole thing."
Steve stared regretfully down at his soup, wondering if he’d still want it when this conversation was over.
“I know that,” Tony said tiredly. “This isn’t your fault, okay? . You didn’t do anything wrong. And before you ask, this isn't about Sunset either. This isn't me being...broken or traumatized or whatever. I just, Jesus, Steve, we only ended up together in the first place because you were practically forced to ensure I didn’t go fucking crazy. It's the least I could do, isn’t it, to make sure that you get what you want, whatever you want?”
“Bruce?” Steve stepped out of the elevator and attempted to keep his annoyance out of his tone. The length of check-ins varied depending on what issues were coming up and whether or not Bruce had specific tests or procedures he needed to perform. But it was close to an hour past when Bruce and Tony had been scheduled to arrive at training, and instead of announcing their impending arrival, JARVIS had instead summoned the team up to the penthouse. The others had speculated about the cause of the delay on the way up, but Steve was almost entirely focused on his own itchy impatience to get them all back in the gym. Nothing made his anxiety about what was coming easier to cope with than the constant proof of Tony’s extreme competence; no one had even put a lasting dent in the Bleeding Edge armour yet, to Natasha’s growing frustration.
“It’s exciting, isn’t it?” There was definitely zero doubt in his mind, now, that leaving SI in Pepper’s hands had been good for more than just the company. Tony had never seen Pepper quite like this; she was exhausted but alight with possibility, exuding the same kind of  coarse, untamed delight that Tony usually found down in the shop. The points of her cheeks were flushed with colour that could never be matched by makeup, and her hair was spilling out of a messy pony-tail she had slept on at least twice without fixing, and he spared a bittersweet few seconds to hope that something, whether it was SI or something else entirely, would make the Pepper in his previous universe look like this someday.
“Tony.” He didn’t add more than that, didn’t even clarify
That was all the provocation Tony needed. He was loose after sucking Phil for so long, and the other man’s cock slid its way into his throat with ease. With his hands bound he couldn’t toy with Phil’s balls the way he wanted, but he drew off his cock a few times to suck and nip lightly at his sac. After a while Phil rocked his hips, enough to cut off Tony’s air for just seconds at a time before withdrawing. The last time he did, Tony moaned extravagantly, hoping it would be enough to communicate permission and encouragement to Coulson without actually needing to speak. Phil took the hint, the pumping of his hips becoming deeper, more deliberate. When he came, it was with a grunt and a curse followed by an immediate collapse backward onto the bed.
“So it’s really not weird? Having him here, looking like the other version but—you, know, not?”
“Oh, did I not mention I’ve learned a few tricks since coming back?” Tony drawled. He went as far as to turn his back entirely on Taskmaster for several seconds in order to mix what looked like a gin and tonic. “I guess you were right. I didn’t come back exactly the same. Now, JARVIS calculates at least 27 different ways I could kill or permanently incapacitate your night now, but honestly the cleaning staff here has been through enough so I’d just as soon not. I suggest you take your own advice and know when it’s time to stop getting up. What do you say, pal?” The offer was punctuated by a series of screams from the comm unit in Taskmaster’s ear. Apparently, JARVIS and the rest of the team had stopped pulling their punches with the remainder of the enemy forces and had taken them all out within seconds. The silence that followed the cacophony was eerie, and broken only by the soft hum from the repulsors in the deflector shields that still flanked Taskmaster.
"It was, but I…he had such a hard time with food here, at the beginning, but it’s been helping a lot for me to leave little snacks around the Tower rather than forcing big meals on him. So I thought this would be a useful extension of that, and a chance for him to get experience with a form of submission that will more than likely be expected of him once we go public.”
For the span of several harsh breaths, Steve just watched. This Tony was just as much in his element here as their Tony had been. His movements were graceful and precise, somehow made moreso by the juxtaposition of that smoothness with the ear-splitting music that served as background to the scene. A line of sweat running down the back of Tony’s neck revealed the effort this heavy labour was costing him, but as always Tony wholeheartedly welcomed the effort, never stopping even when certain motions caused him to wince or inhale sharply (what exactly had Bruce found when he’d checked him over, anyway?) And Dummy, who had refused outright to be in the shop after…Dummy was right alongside him, chirping gleefully and fetching anything Tony so much as glanced at.
Content Notes: Now that Steve's back in the Tower, we'll occasionally start to see more explicitly sexual interactions between the team. That includes this chapter, which involves a scene between Steve and Phil. Specific warnings for that scene include what might be read by some as a forced and/or unintentional orgasm. (Phil is attempting to avoid orgasm in a particular situation because he would prefer it happen differently, but Steve makes it nearly impossible for him to hold off.) There's also impact play involving the use of a belt.
His first absurd thought was that someone had found a highly specific set of recorded affirmations and snuck them into the penthouse, but the voice was too strained and drawn to have been designed to be motivational.
It happened far less often now than it used to, the team finding Steve like this: lying in a dusty bedroom, wearing clothing far too small and modern to be his own. But the dust was still far more of an anomaly in St—Avengers tower than this particular scene; the place had a top-notch maintenance staff who kept the rest of the building looking immaculate, which was no small task given that most of the team was far from conscientious about picking up after themselves. But the cleaners knew better than to even attempt entry to this room, especially after Steve’s blow up when Alma had made the mistake of washing the coffee mug Tony had left on the penthouse kitchen counter the morning before—
Tony could handle Pepper. He was not quite so sure about the rest of the team, who were bound to be just as pissed, plus maybe inclined to see this as some kind of violation of their Dominance. But other than a couple of weirdly intense looks from Bucky, nothing seemed out of the ordinary. They all ate dinner together, and then went their separate ways so that Tony could have his Thursday evening to himself like usual. (The rest of the team so often came up to breakfast on Friday looking a little hungover, but since he was the one kicking them out he could hardly be put-out that they apparently partied without him, right?)
And if one was going to take orders from anyone, General Masdee Zabu was an excellent choice. Steve had worked with her only once before, during an Avengers mission that had spanned several continents and nearly six months, requiring external support from a number of agencies. She’d led the Wakandan team into battle with such deadly precision that Steve had initially assumed her to be a new member of the
“To be fair, I really
Team, I'm really sorry this chapter is a week late. I'm especially sorry because your responses to the last chapter were particularly kind and supportive and I just want to write ALL THE THINGS for y'all! Hopefully the length of this chapter, and the AskStrange replies coming your way tomorrow, make up for it. You're the best.
“Bruce. Get. JARVIS, send for Bruce.” Steve wanted to do it himself, was aware enough now to know he was being absurd, but Bruce was a doctor. He might find something Steve himself would miss in his panic. While they waited, Tony crawled his way into Steve’s lap, forcing Steve’s arms to encircle his waist.
“Son of a—”
A loud splash echoed the room; Clint and Rhodey seemed to bring out the kid in one another, and from what Tony had gathered, they were in the middle of some kind of diving contest. Or was it dunking? It was hard to focus much on the details when Bucky’s gaze had turned hungry, and his hold a little more possessive.
“They’ll talk about that with you later. Right now let’s focus on why we’re here right now. I’m going to start warming you up, and while I do, I’d like you to tell me why you’re being punished.” Steve’s hand landed with a heavy, solid thump to one of Tony’s cheeks, then two others in close succession when Tony stayed silent, mentally revising his predictions about just how much this was likely to hurt if
“It’s fine?” Sam repeated.
But then I get the chance to work on this story, and to talk about it with all of you wonderful folks, and the world seems just a little brighter for a while. Thank you so much to those of you making time to read, comment on, kudos, and #AskStrange about this story during such a difficult moment. I appreciate and adore you all, and hope you're staying safe and well.
, Tony.”
Bruce always asked permission for this part. Sometimes Tony said no, and both the AI and his partner always respected it. (Mostly he said yes. This was an important one for Bruce, he knew.) He gave his assent, and JARVIS flashed a caloric value as well as an itemized list of everything Tony had managed to eat the day before. It wasn’t much, about half of the goal Bruce had set, but again Bruce betrayed no reaction beyond a nod and another scribble.
It hadn’t actually been Coulson’s idea, though he really should have thought of it. No, it had taken Bucky Barnes storming into Phil’s office a few weeks ago to set things in motion. Furious and devastated in equal measures, Barnes had ranted for close to an hour about learning that while his counterpart had still killed Howard and Maria Stark, Tony’s version of Steve had chosen not to inform of this fact, resulting in a physical altercation that had left Tony half dead at Steve’s hands.
I've unearthed a draft version of the syllabus Drs. Stark and Banner used for the course and provided it below. While they undoubtedly should have taken more of my suggestions, the end result was...admirable.
“Sometimes I really miss your oblivious days, Rogers,” she snapped viciously, and Steve let it pass because this was the most singularly hopeful thing he had ever seen Natasha Romanov do and he was damned well not going to risk saying or doing anything that might compromise that. “I figured the reactor could sit in the centre, framed by the collar. Even if he doesn’t want the collar all the time, we could put it on him when he handed off the reactor. That is…that is where we’re heading, right? With all of this?”
As anxious as he’d been, though, Tony had also been filled with the kind of joyful, boundless energy that usually only the shop brought out in him. From what Steve had gathered, Peter’s Tony-less life in this universe hadn’t been the sunshine and roses Tony had expected, and while none of them would ever have wanted the kid to suffer, Steve thought that they couldn’t have asked for a more concrete and meaningful demonstration of Tony’s worth. He felt hopeful they’d be able to build on this beyond just in his bond with Peter.
“If I did, you couldn’t afford me, Stark.”
“Bit of both, I guess. I mean I tried, sometimes, but it never—we never—I mean even
Rhodey’s sounded from above.
“It wasn’t like that! We just…at first we were just two subs fooling around. It made its way into something else, we both needed more, but all the Dominants in the Tower were occupied. So we just handled it ourselves.”
The latter made Tony groan aloud; Phil’s homework was never not challenging, but Tony had been working on this one for weeks now and still made very little headway. Then his face split into a wide grin.
“It’s too hard on him to be on his knees for long stretches; he limped through most of yesterday, and I’m not having him in pain like that again,” Clint explained calmly. “We’re in the middle of a conversation about alternative postures. Ooh, did you bring food from that place on Bleeker?” Tony’s angry flush grew darker at the way Clint casually moved between topics, as if their disagreement was equally concerning to him as their lunch plans. (It wasn’t a tactic Steve would have used, but then he and Clint had always been different Dominants. Clint courted conflict and resistance from his subs in ways that often seemed pointless on the surface, drawing them out by turning himself into a temporary antagonist.)
“Pepper, we’re in the middle of…”
He’d assumed based on what he’d suggested to Thor about their history that the evening would be spent with the guy downplaying his power, playing the role of domesticated demigod eating pop tarts with the wrapper still occasionally on. Instead, Thor had cracked open the sky above them as easily as a hot knife moving through butter, and had proceeded to challenge the forces of Nature herself, not for the sake of pride or ego, but to spare human lives and minimize suffering. He had shown Tony exactly who he was tonight, and he just kept offering more.
That kind of praise was still next to impossible to take no matter how much the team insisted on heaping it on him during aftercare; like Bruce, though, Steve always seemed to pair the harder parts of aftercare with something easier to take. In this case, it was the chance to lick and suck the fruit juice from Steve’s fingers. Several hours later, when Tony would have probably started growing restless about the enforced idleness of remaining on the couch, it was the chance to work…sort of.
enough space—” A piece of popcorn flew across Steve’s field of vision, a much-needed reminder that he had a part to play in all of this. (For someone who hated being on stage with such passion in his early days as Captain America, he considered it a sick kind of irony how much it felt like he was playing the part of Steve Rogers, and poorly, most days.) What would Before Steve have said about this?
So now that it was finally over, how come his mind couldn’t stop replaying the whole thing on a loop? At first it had felt almost silly, honestly, making up little tasks for Rogers to accomplish so that he could feel useful. They’d been superficial enough that there had been moments where Cap had almost seemed to catch on. But then the guy had dug out the weighted blanket, which Tony would bet money had been a treasured item of Mark II’s. It was just a blanket, except for the fact that it wasn’t, because it was yet another material sign that they’d taken Mark II’s trauma and anxieties seriously, here. They had tried to help. And it wasn’t like a damn blanket would have stopped Thanos, but it was a small part of how the dynamics here were entirely different. And that, apparently,
“We used a tool I’ve had for a while. And Bucky’s real good at being still when he needs to be; pain is almost more a meditation for him than anything else. The marks never last long because of the serum, but it’s worth it to get to see ‘em for a while.”
“I have a weapon, but I myself am not a weapon. I am worth more than my utility.”
“Before this goes any further I’m going to have to demand that you tell me that I am cool in every universe. I mean, I’ve always known it to be true, but it would be nice to have confirmation, you know?”
“It was fine actually. I sort of thought it would be weird, but the fact that I don’t want to have sex
“Yeah, okay, so you got it to move through a tailing pond and take some measurements,” one of the techs declared impatiently. His back was to the window, but his voice was far higher and pitchier than Tony had expected, but then it wasn’t that unusual for SI to poach the really talented kids right out of college. “Big whoop. SI already has the market cornered on clean energy, what do they need to go digging around the oil sands for?”
“I am genuinely sorry to interrupt a development I had no way of knowing about. And I can try to make this quick, but you also know that if you force me to leave he is not going to take it well, regardless of what headspace he’s in.” Clint glared, but probably more for the sake of it than anything else. He knew she was right.
Content Notes: The backstory that Tony learns about the park he visits in this chapter includes mention of historical racism and wrongful imprisonment, specifically targeting against POC Domming for white subs. If you want to avoid this, skip the paragraph that begins "It's illegal to publish pictures, video..."
standards thank you very much), but he knew the type. Guys like Taskmaster made their living based largely on how sure a buyer felt that they were purchasing loyalty, not just a completed mission. The second he started blabbing his career would be finished.
“Natasha, you may begin warming him up. Bucky and Tony, both of you are to remember your safewords, and to use them if it becomes necessary.”
“And why bother explaining them, right? Way easier to just threaten to have an Iron Man suit carry me home!”
The first couple of times Steve heard his name, it was in the liminal space between waking and sleep where the whole thing could have been real or imagined. He was tangled in the soft sheets of Phil’s bed with Coulson himself behind Steve serving as the ‘big spoon.’ No one but Thor could usually manage to make Steve actually feel small in this position, but it was still reassuring to feel Phil’s chest and stomach pressed against his back and to remember that for once it was someone else’s job to anchor him. He longed to drift in that knowledge, in the feeling of Phil’s diaphragm expanding and contacting with every breath and his chest hair rubbing up against Steve’s sensitive skin. JARVIS’s voice, however, quickly rendered Steve’s internal debate over whether he was awake or dreaming irrelevant.
“Sure,” Tony replied kindly, “I’ll leave the menu in case you decide on anything else,”
“You don’t have to, I’m sure whatever you pick will be great,” Steve tried to assure him, but he followed Tony eagerly into the room and over to the bed where Tony had everything laid out. It wasn’t put together yet; Tony had actually just begun to sort everything out when Steve surprised him, and since he’d been here Tony hadn’t been able to work on it at all on account of refusing to leave Steve’s side. Since their ice skating adventure, they’d rarely left the house, mostly just decorating and enjoying each other’s company. They both had some remote work to do, and being able to cuddle up next to Steve with a tablet to look over specs made them infinitely more enjoyable.
“Come on, Tony,” Steve teaser, “get
”   Steve repeated.
He didn’t pull back right away. He let Steve hold him even as he sobs turned to hiccups because God Steve still smelled the same. Teakwood. The soap Steve had used since before Tony had even known him, and Tony knew more than anyone how stubborn Steve was to change. A hint of the fabric softener he used, meaning he’d been in bed for a while when Peter called.
“Peter!”
“Oops?” Tony smiled sheepishly.
Tony sighed. “It’s all fine, Peter. Tell me more about the sword party you went to.”
“I work in an engineering lab for a living, Babe, my hands can withstand a lot,”
“What the hell are you doing here,” Tony murmured, but didn’t let Steve answer as he rapidly pulled back and pressed his lips to his. He felt Steve smile against his face, making the kiss a little loose and messy, but it was the best thing Tony had felt in the months since he last saw Steve.
Steve kept looking down at it, at him. The boy he fell in love with. The boy that fell in love with him. He stared and stared and never blinked.
“I know,” Tony rolled his eyes. It’s the only reason he picked it, and why he knew it would probably end up in the final portrait. The picture showed the two of them at a table in McDonald’s at around three in the morning after seeing the newest Star Wars film in theaters. Tony was wearing his cheesy “Sith Happens” shirt and R2D2 hat while looking excitedly over a poster he had gotten at the theater. Steve, on the other hand, was sitting quietly to his left, a smiling look of adoration on his face as he listened to whatever Tony was rambling on about. Natasha had taken the shot, and as soon as Tony saw it, he immediately protested it’s existence  because of the overwhelming geek energy it had. He learned to stop arguing as he quickly realized Steve would fight tooth and nail over the picture, so Tony accepted it with a grumble.
“Bucky and Natasha? Yeah, I guess, on every other day ending in ‘Q’, but the rest of the time they were yours.” Tony replied sarcastically.
“Oh my goodness, I am so sorry!” A familiar voice exclaimed, and Tony looked up to see the apologetic eyes of Jeremy the hotel clerk. “Tony?” He asked, a smile lighting up his face. “It’s so good to see you again! What are you doing around here?”
Steve lifted his book away and pulled Tony so he was resting more comfortably on his lap. "What're you reading?" Tony asked once he was satisfactorily cuddled against his boyfriend.
“What?” Tony exclaimed. “When?”
"I don't know, none of them are very pleasant," Tony said, letting his eyes open a bit to see Steve's expression, "If you mean which one he learned the most from, I think it's the future."
Steve didn’t look up even as Tony sat on the stool across from him. “Nat and Bucky got us these glasses at our wedding.” He said instead.
“It’s…not really much yet,” Tony admitted self-consciously, “I haven’t even chosen what the shape of the wood should really be yet. I could have had it made too, but I thought…” He trailed off, because honestly he wasn’t sure what he had thought. Maybe the Steve’s Christmas spirit had gotten to him, he thought, mentally shuddering.
“Oh.” Steve was silent for a moment. “Yeah, I guess it is.”
“What in the hell makes you think that was someone I would bring into Peter’s life?” Tony bit out in disbelief.
So, the first time Tony saw him, really saw him, was in his army uniform at a cafe. It was Tony’s summer job, his source of spending money since his father refused to indulge him in anything that could remotely be classified as ‘fun’.
“You’re alone.”
“Yeah it was great. Aunt Nat brought a sword. Are you sure everything’s okay? You never answer on the first ring when you’re in the lab for the night.”
“Ready?” Steve asked as he finished tucking his hat and gloves neatly into his coat pockets and folded the fabric over his arm.
“Only if you wanted to,” Steve replied breezily, “I already said I—“
“I don’t think I need to remind you
“Crazy for you,” Tony replied with a cheeky grin, then cackled as Steve rolled his eyes up and went back to probably reassessing how he ended up here.
“We are not having this discussion, Peter.”
“I don’t know, really. I have to go now, though, or I’ll be late, bye.” Tony rushed out, stepping around him again and walking as quickly as he could the rest of the way to the lab. He didn’t look back or check to see what Jeremy was doing until he turned the corner to the lab entrance and peeked out of the corner of his eye. Jeremy stood where Tony had left him, hands casually in his pockets and swaying back and forth slightly as if he were just waiting for the bus or something.
“Probably a few students somewhere around. Why? You want to make sure my friends’ parents are home before I stay the night?” He teased lightly.
Mrs. Barnes smiled gently at him. “I remember Rebecca telling me, too. Printed in the local paper, as well.”
That’s why Tony knew Steve’s baser instincts were screaming at him to continue out the door, back into the life he already remade for himself, because he’s already been down this road, and it didn’t work out for him. Except, he still left his bed and his home and his common sense in the middle of the night because Tony had needed him.
“Bruce’s instructions were to put them in a biohazard bag. I believe Sam and your friend took the added measure of burning them.” Oh God.
“I don’t care what Steve says. You’re not a Dom. Or a switch.” Objections were immediate, and from nearly every side.
No matter how many times Steve has reached out since learning of the AI’s existence, it’s a visceral relief every single time he receives a response. The longer he manages to make himself go without speaking to Tony, the more Steve convinces himself that he’ll vanish just as quickly and unexpectedly as he’d appeared. And then what the hell would Steve do? It’s been less than a week, and already he can’t imagine going back to a life without Tony’s voice, his mind, the way he always says and does the last thing Steve expects.
“I’m living in a Tower full of superheroes. Gorgeous, supermodel-level people who have all recently expressed interest in—what hilariously anachronistic way did Barnes put it, ‘making time'—with me. And then they asked me to fill out a bunch of paperwork.”
“Me too,” Bucky announced, but Clint reached out to grab him by the forearm.
“Actually, scientifically speaking I think Stitch would probably have an edge. He can move objects something like three thousand times his size, and he’s fire and bulletproof,” Bruce mused.
Tony had seemed to love being fucked from the bottom the night they’d scened together, and Steve did have a special affection for making a sub feel powerless in a position where they might typically expect to have more control. So once Tony was ready, Steve got a solid grip on his hips and pistoned upwards, hard enough to make both of them yelp. Tony tried halfheartedly to rise up, to ride Steve the way the position practically invited, but Steve chuckled and patted his rear.
“Yes, we’ve established that. Where the hell is my kid, Rogers? He was supposed to be safe with you, you’re the goddamn responsible one.”
Naturally, Tony didn’t show for the movie. At first the team tried to wait him out; it would hardly have been the first time that a version of Tony Stark was late for something due to a brainwave or lack of sleep or simply forgetting what day it was. After half an hour had passed, though, both Steve and Bucky were eyeing the food and each other with what Clint had long ago termed supersoldier hanger.
know him this well? “This is one of my favourite things to do with a submissive,” Steve explained, maybe because he saw the question on Tony’s face, and maybe just because he wanted Tony to know. “I like to watch you overwhelm yourself, force you to participate in taking yourself down.”
“Oh honey.”
Hello! I have a question for the doctor :D (may have more later, but just one right now) Whatever you can tell us without spoiling would be appreciated. I'm curious as to how the Infinity War ended in the non-bdsm verse, and what situation that verse's Tony is going to be coming out of. #askstrange
“Would you say you’re nearing baseline, sweetheart?” Steve asked in an almost airy tone, and Jesus, was he that desperate to just be rid of Tony already?
But this was Dummy, who in every conceivable universe would always be the bot who’d save Tony’s life, who even now found out some version of Tony wasn’t dead and showed up with a
“…have no reason to believe that their equipment is advanced enough to block or otherwise mislead our trackers. They are here, and close, they’re simply more advanced at stealth than we had anticipated.” That was C’Chemi, reporting back on what sounded like another fruitless scouting mission. Steve had never heard her sound quite so frustrated.
The next minute or so was chaos. One of the Iron Legion armours produced Steve’s shield, and tossed it to him with a mechanical thumbs-up. (Not one of the Iron Legion, then. Another member of the team, most likely Natasha or Clint, had already made their way up here as well. Good.) Steve did his best to switch up his usual moves, aiming for a mix of the martial arts moves Natasha had taught him and the more generic style favoured by many of the SHIELD agents. Taskmaster met him blow-for-blow, his desperation occasionally a near match for Steve’s strength and versatility.
Natasha was tempted, and the fact that Steve could so easily read it on her face was enough to convince him Bruce had precisely the right idea.
“You’ll be happy, I think, to know that I’m not assigning you any additional writing today. But that’s mainly because I think you’ll want some time to think the next prompt over, and because I’m guessing our plans for today might help solidify some of it for you.”
It wasn’t going to happen again. She didn’t know everything that had gone on between this Tony and his own version of her, but Pepper knew they had been close. He still looked at her like the other Tony had in the early years of their friendship, with so much admiration and open affection, but also a hint of regret. Like maybe there were things about their relationship he wished he could erase as much as Pepper yearned to have fought more to keep Tony in her life.
“He made me swear not to. I think he might have told Steve at least part of it eventually, but he probably made him make the same promise.” Then Rhodey redirected his attention squarely to Tony, shifting his hand from Tony’s hair to his chin to tilt his face upwards. “We lost someone we loved. We wish like hell that he weren’t gone. But we are not trying to use you to fill that void. You
The two did warm to one another considerably during their sojourn to the 1970s; there was, I believe, a very near kiss at one point. But before that particular spark could be much more than slightly fanned, Stark learned of his ties to the Soul Stone, and after that he kept Rogers at arms-length as best he could, fearing he would not live through the final battle against Thanos.
“There we go now, see, it isn’t so hard, is it?” Clint was almost cooing in his ear, and it made Tony want to hit him and beg him in about equal measures. “You just need it so bad that beautiful brain of yours can’t quite keep up, can it? We’ll have to keep him better supplied in the future, Bruce. Poor thing can’t be expected to go so long without.”
This was about the point where Tony really lost it. Other than his impulsive question to Bucky that day, he’d mostly given up on the prospect of marriage. The collar would have been enough. It seemed to symbolize everything that marriage did to most people in this universe anyway, and he appreciated the ways it would also serve as a celebration and recognition of his submission, which he had worked damn hard to achieve and accept. Sure, a small part of him had mourned never getting to tie himself to his partners in the way he would have in his own universe, but it had seemed a small price to pay. At least until Bucky was kneeling before Tony and offering him a ring.
Though privacy measures in the Accords prohibit sharing of specific names, the team assures New Yorkers that our city will continue to host an active presence of super, meta and enhanced peoples, all of whom have already agreed to be on high alert during the team’s absence.
Thank you so much as always for reading and commenting.
“You think he could be…what, sick or something?”
He could hear the bewilderment in his own voice, and this was the point where Tony should have been laughing or rolling his eyes or making some kind of quip about Steve’s continued inability to fully comprehend his present. Instead, Steve was greeted with several of the longest, quietest seconds of his life.
“You saved him, brought him back. You died for him.”
“Of course I will. You fell asleep before I could give you much aftercare, so I thought the wake-up might be a little rough. Tell me what you need.” He drew in a long breath, praying vaguely to anyone who might be listening that this wasn’t about to blow up in his face. Then he pointed at the dresser.
When Steve reached him, the intensity of the camera flashes tripled, but the second Steve had put his arm around Tony and guided him inside the boundary to the park, they light and sound stopped just as suddenly. Tony’s expression briefly registered surprise, but he didn’t ask, and Steve didn’t explain until he had led them to a quiet table toward the outer edge of the heavy, thick gates that surrounded the space.
“‘scuse me?” Steve shrugged.
As if being given permission to acknowledge the name, the face, that he’d been forcing from his mind all evening, Tony’s entire being surrendered to the encompassing ache that was the loss of Peter. It wasn’t identical to the pain of watching the boy fade away into dust in his arms.
However, monogamous couple-forms still enjoy a great deal of societal privilege. At the heart of this, and especially of the celebration of ‘True’ identifications and relationships, is a veneration of the idea that two people could be precisely suited to one another in every way, fulfilling one another’s every need and desire without any other parties involved. It is possible, of course, just as it is possible in other universes, but the intensity of popular culture’s attachment and circulation of these relationships as the ideal still has negative effects (causing some two stay in monogamous relationships where orientational and/or other needs are not being met, or making those in poly relationships feel ‘lesser.’)
T’Challa. Sam. Scott. Nebula. Bucky. Carol. Steve. Wanda. Thor. Shuri. Bruce. ClintClintClint. Their names tasted like the sweetest honey on her lips as she whispered them soundlessly to herself. They’d made it. They’d done it. They were here, and by some absurd miracle so was Natasha. It was finally over.
“I mean, yeah, pretty much. Stuff happens sometimes, of course, but most people have copies of similar documents saved and easily accessible at all times. Even to use a dating website here you have to have some version of a contract uploaded, because even if something doesn’t start out as a proper scene, orientation can sometimes have unpredictable effects. There’s just no use in risking the type of harm that can result from people not knowing at least the basics about each other’s limits.” To Tony the whole thing sounded both legalistic and non-spontaneous, and he said as much. Rhodey grunted thoughtfully. “I guess I can see how it would feel that way. For us it’s just…normal. It’s what we do, how we keep each other safe. And honestly, for a lot of people it kind of serves as foreplay too. Ideally this stuff is supposed to be fun, so it can be kinda enjoyable to talk about it, too. Wait, so does this mean…are you dating them or subbing for them?”
Bucky did not want to talk. He stomped his way into the kitchen, wearing the combat boots he’d insisted on putting on, and accepted the steaming plate full of eggs, biscuits, hashbrowns and sausage Rhodey offered with little more than a grunt. Steve kept a close eye on him, and on Tony whose mood seemed equally volatile; one moment he was almost giddy, the next he would withdraw from the conversation and poke listlessly at his food until prompted by Bruce or Clint to eat.
“What? You think she has some kind of memorization similar to Taskmaster?” Steve asked. Tony sighed, peering back at the screen and wishing desperately that he were wrong. But he wasn’t. The copying was nowhere near the picture-perfect recreations Taskmaster had been able to manage. It was more akin to the countless times Tony had seen his own movements in the armour mimicked by people he passed in the street.
“Sounds like a standard exploratory contract. We teach kids how to fill ‘em out in their teens, Tones.”
“Uh, so. This is a permanent, natural magnet. Which means to reverse the polarity, we have to hear it to Curie’s point and then let it cool.”
“Nope, and neither are you. We got a lot to do today, remember?”
“Hush now. You had plenty of chances to talk to me this morning, and you chose to take none of them. It’s my turn right now. I know you have mixed feelings about punishment and discipline, but it’s extremely natural for submissives, especially new ones or those ranked extremely low on the orientation scale, to seek out regular correction. It shows them where the boundaries are, and it reminds them that their Dominants care enough to enforce them. It’s healthy and natural and entirely normal. And some part of you knows that, because you’ve already asked for it once.”
His hips jerked almost violently in response, finger nearly sliding out entirely out of his hole. (Maybe just a coincidence, though?)
Dr. Strange got some excellent questions this week that he'll be posting answers to soon as well, so keep an eye out for that!
For the first time in weeks, the words Tony had found in his Dad’s old journals came back to his mind: his description of throwing the SHIELD over the cliff, knowing in that moment that he was sacrificing Steve to give life to a future child. Tony had done nothing but disappoint him after that, never able to measure up to what Howard had thrown away. Could he really pick up the shield now, even metaphorically, and ever hope to offer anything but more regret?
Tony enjoys his usual Thursday off, and then begins a day of non-sexual submission
Following those events, she could easily have had her pick of positions at any gossip magazine, tabloid or similar publication in the country. It was the scoop of the century.
He went into patrolling that night more optimistic than he’d felt in years. He’d even gone so far as to ask May for advice about what to wear to the party, which had somehow resulted in a text-feud between her and Tony, who had been outraged not to have been chosen as fashion consultant. (Peter had been forced to intervene when Tony had begun threatening to fly in some famous designer.)
“Police scanner reports a robbery at that bodega on your left. Patrol unit is still several minutes out because of that wreck on Grand Central Parkway. Let’s give them a hand until then.” Natasha placed a restraining hand on Steve’s arm, which came as a genuine surprise. Intervening in an armed robbery was more action than they usually saw on Community Days, and he’d assumed she would have been thrilled by the chance to at least get to deliver a solid few punches rather than helping elderly people across the street. (This had only happened
Contrary to popular belief, Tony usually had little problem confessing ignorance about topics that he hasn’t had the time or opportunity to learn. Sure, he usually threw in a couple of comments about how he’d probably master whatever the knowledge base was in a matter of hours, but generally that was also just kind of true. So whatever. The point was, he didn't mind saying when he didn't know something, but this was different. This was something that came as naturally to these people as breathing, something Rhodey himself had just finished saying they started practicing when they were kids. And Tony had no idea where to start.
“…beautiful. Missed seeing you like this, Phil….”
this, I need to tell you and I can’t, the words won’t, I need you to…to punish me, to help me. Please, I’m begging you.”
I've also begun to integrate some elements of Endgame into this fic. It will not be fully compliant with that movie (can't be, really), but if you are trying to remain spoiler-free, or don't wish to acknowledge any aspects of the movie, that will get more challenging as this fic goes on.
“Hawkeye is down but stable—looks to be a broken ankle. Accounts of the exact events are conflicting, but Specialist Barton claims it was a necessary risk.” Phil gave no indication that this news upset him except for a slight motion of his jaw. “Oh my God.”
This morning, though, Tony wasn’t content to watch the show from the sidelines and soak up the last of Steve’s body heat that lingered in the sheets. It had been nearly a week solid of early wake ups, owing to a combination of Avengers call-outs and Steve-instigated team training sessions. Tony had been pretty understanding about the latter at first. It was hard not to be when Steve woke next to him every night, usually multiple times a night, face coated in sweat and tears from vivid nightmares about Mark II’s death and Tony’s own potential loss. On the second such evening, Tony had begged for advice about how to help Steve, and the latter had asked in a hopeless, deadened whisper if Tony would be willing to step up his training with the team so that Steve could try to assure himself that Tony would be as safe and prepared for whatever was coming as possible.
“It wasn’t a big deal! Don’t pretend to be ignorant of the way it works when you’re operating at the level that SI does. Things are just as dirty and underhanded as they’ve always been. There were some threats, to myself and my parents, who someone must not have gotten the memo that I don’t actually speak to. My apartment was broken into—unclench, I wasn’t there and they knew that, they just wanted to frighten me.”
) needed.
Then Steve turned around and walked back to the kitchen.
“You alright there, sugar cookie?” Clint had teased, running his fingers through the unruly thatch of curls at the base of Tony’s neck. (God his hair looked so good longer. Steve couldn’t wait to get his own fingers in it.)
The first response also includes spoilers for Hamilton: An American Musical
“Where’s the proof, Banner?” Natasha demanded, lazily tipping her head back as Phil massaged her feet. Coulson seemed close to his own submissive headspace, and Steve wondered whether that was at least partly due to the strength and expression of Rhodes’ Dominance. It did seem like something that would resonate pretty deeply with Phil.
“No,” Steve agreed quickly, before the kid could get himself worked up again. “I don’t get to feel better, not about him. But I loved him and he loved you, so you’re stuck with me until I don’t think you’re at risk of going all supervillain. Or worse…Captain America.” Peter snorted.
“Language.”
Though it had felt mind boggling when he’d first shared the news that he was from another universe, May was startled to realize how easy it had been to stop giving the matter much thought at all. She’d never known the other Tony except as a famous figure whose presence onscreen tended to make her change the channel more often than not. If anything, he was the one who felt abstract to May, not the man sitting in front of her.
“It sounds…most wonderful. If you are certain you can spare the time?”
differently in this suit. Steve didn’t totally understand what nanotechnology was or how it worked, but the sounds of the motors and servos that had allowed the older version of the suit to move were notably absent, Tony’s stride smoother and far closer to how he moved outside of the suit. He made a gesture with his hand and the helmet portion of the armour melted away as seamlessly as it had appeared so that he and Steve were eye-to-eye. It was the most confident he had seen Tony since he’d arrived there, jaw set and head held high, and it was a bittersweet thing to realize that Tony seemed to believe in Iron Man in a way that he couldn’t conceive of believing in himself.
It wasn’t actually the first time he’d had a reporter come to him like this, feeling the pangs of conscience and begging for forgiveness. In the past, he’d always been able to spin the situation to his advantage, leverage their humanity into something favourable for himself or the company down the line. Doing so now, promising Everhart an exclusive if they broke the news first, or maybe having her come out ahead of the story claiming she’d forged the proof she’d found…the options occurred to him, but it was like having the equivalent of an out-of-body experience in his brain. He registered these thoughts, knew they were the smart and practical things to do, but they felt distant and removed from the terror and utter fury that were dominating all of his more immediate mental processes.
“Let’s sit. We can use this time to get to know you a little bit better, and then you can take home as much food as you’d like for Peter. I think you mentioned he particularly likes roast beef, yes?”
“I know this must be frightening, and that’s without even bringing in all the complexities of being in a different universe. But whoever this guy is to you, you’re going to regret not being there for him Tony. Caring for people is practically coded into your DNA.”
“Are those—boomerangs, somehow?” Peter couldn’t help but ask after watching the third one nearly clip Tony in the head. “Why?”
“My Clint was married.” It took only those four words. Four words to turn the other man from lax and carefully avoidant of Tony’s gaze to dangerously intent. It was like watching him go from Clint, the goofball who watched kid’s television and mocked the rest of his teammates on social media, to Agent Barton in a matter of seconds. (Tony had rarely seen his own version as anything but that latter, but the distinction between them in this universe was sharp and definite.) “I didn’t know, no one but Natasha did until we had nowhere else to go but his secret little farm with his sweet wife and his three kids.” Clint mouthed the word ‘kids’ soundlessly, while signing something Tony assumed meant the same thing. He felt almost guilty pressing rather than giving Clint a moment to digest what he’d heard, but if Tony didn’t get this out now then he might never. “If this is going to work between you and I, I need to not start out knowing you’re hiding an important part of yourself from me.”
“Rhodey and I used to drink this by the box in college!” The second he undid the screw top, May had seized the bottle back from his hands. The kicked puppy look she received in return might have been effective on a May even five years younger. Today it just made her laugh.
“That’s not your call right now, or at least it doesn’t have to be. It can be mine. Give this to me, Steve, please.”
It hurts more than it should. Oh, he and Bucky bicker almost constantly, and occasionally one of their barbs cuts a little closer than intended. This isn’t that. This is Bucky on the attack, out to wound, trying to draw blood, tear through muscle and bone. Ironically, Sam has never faced down this version of the man before. He’s seen it, mostly in the days after Steve’s near-departure to the past when Bucky had been snapping at almost everyone but Sam. He’d thought it had meant something then, that he’d been the sole exception to Bucky’s wrath.
Well, it's so late in most time zones that I know most of you won't actually be reading this until tomorrow, but I still wanted to try to get it posted on my regular day of the week for my own satisfaction and sanity if nothing else.
“So could you beat him up?”
“I know you would. I know. And having that option is kind of fucking incredible. But now I have this whole Tower full of people all working so hard to ensure I have something outside the suit. I’m Iron Man, but I’m not
“Yeah he did leave. And I miss him, of course I do, kid. But all I ever really wanted for Tony, more than his being happy, even, was for him to  really get a chance to put it all down. When he was taken in Afghanistan, Tony Stark was an untrained civilian put through shit no one should ever have to deal with. When we found him, I thought we were rescuing him, but we weren’t. Not really. He’d already lost something he could never get back. And from then on…well, Iron Man came first. He had to. The world needed him to, and so did Tony, because he didn’t know who he was anymore outside of that suit.”
While I rarely try to give Stark the benefit of the doubt, his experiences in space are so recent compared to some of the other matters he has discussed with the team that I believe he is still in the early stages of grappling with them himself.
Then he saw what sat on the workbench in front of her. Initially it had looked like a hunk of wood, but when Steve got a closer look, he could tell it was starting to take the shape of something.
Instead of wearing off, it had turned into some kind of competition amongst the team, with the person Tony chose to receive the pictures each day bragging to the others, while the rest vied in increasingly ridiculous (and, alright, kind of adorable) ways to be chosen to receive his texts the following day.
good, doll. S’never been what this is about.”
“I want to go to the next superkids meeting.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony,” she said again. She’s always been able to make his name a complete sentence, the meaning ranging from everything from a virulent curse to something resembling a prayer. Just now it sounded like she was trying to speak him into existence, like Tony was hovering on the edge of being real or a phantom and Pepper’s voice was going to be the deciding factor. (You’d be better off with ghosts, Pep.)
you!” he protested, not ignorant of how petulant he sounded but not particularly caring either. The thought of losing these sessions, which had somehow become a foundational element in his life, felt like a sudden wave in otherwise calm waters. He couldn’t afford to end up taking steps backward, not with the collaring/wedding and all of the other transitions on the horizon. “We have a really good rhythm, and you know me so well, you know everything I’ve been through. I don’t know how I would ever begin to explain to someone else—”
“Mmm. Phil said you had a bit of an oral fixation. I’m sorry I didn’t realize what you were asking, I thought you were just upset that I was getting up to get the cloths. I’m sorry.”
And that…well, that changed things. Giving up on reaching for the wheely chair, Tony settled into a cross-legged position on the floor and called his best friend. There were noises in the background that sounded like some pretty pissed off guys yelling, but Rhodey seemed his usual unflappable, if slightly impatient, self. (These kinds of conversations required the proper build-up, something Rhodey would never understand the art of.)
“I do not want to borrow—how did you—” Peter sputtered. The girl grinned again, that same clever twist of the lips that had been the only warning of what was to come in the library. This at least had the effect of cementing his conflicted responses into something specific. “Why did you do that?”
If he was being honest, Tony had expected some real blowback after playing with something like humiliation. A bad drop, generally messed up headspace, maybe even culminating in something really self-sabotaging like a drinking binge. None of it came. The team lathered aftercare on him for hours following the scene, taking particular care to remind Tony what a brilliant, talented genius they thought he was; it made sense, he knew, given that the nature of their gentle brand of humiliation had been to imply that the functioning of Tony’s brain was impeded by his skin-hunger. However, it was also mostly unnecessary.
had me—”
“I cannot and will not lay a hand on you without both of us knowing what you’re being punished for. That’s not even a conversation.” Steve pressed more Dominance into the reprimand than he normally dared, but Thor was not a baseline human. When he needed Dominance, he typically went to Steve for exactly this reason. He needed everything Steve could give him. Recalling the Confessions of his own youth, the small enclosed space with the priest on the other side of the wall, Steve offered, “Do you want me not to look at you while you say it? Will that help?”
“Ow fucking hell. What the hell do you mean Rescue is here? Why would she have left Pepper? I swear to all that is good and pure if there’s a glitch we missed during the diagnostics I will absolutely lose it. Let her in.”
Mind already turning away from Clint and toward his work for the day, Steve barely restrained a groan. Of course. Tonight was team movie night, a tradition he’d instigated and insisted on. If he even attempted to skip it Bucky would be out for his blood, and the others would not be far behind.
“And one more bit of totally unsolicited advice? Tell your aunt.”
“Oh, and
And then Bruce finally, gloriously, went to work. He started not on Tony’s already-heated ass, but up between his shoulder blades. It took only a few dizzying blows for him to realize just how precise Bruce was with this particular implement. The tails never wrapped around his shoulders, or slid down his back; the second they made impact Bruce was already snapping the flogger away from his skin, so that the heavy thudding weight of the blows still always left him yearning somehow. Unlike the punishment, when he’d been half-desperate to get away Tony wanted to sink into the feeling, tried even to rise up against his bonds to meet the flogger, welcome it in.
), and he couldn’t quite keep back a shudder. “It's not all stress, of course, and the rise in cortisol is consistent across all orientations, so that wouldn’t actually help determine what someone's orientation was, it would just tell us that they have one. The main thing they’re looking for in those tests is levels of what are called subtonin and dominin. The relative presence of each is an accurate predictor of orientation in about eighty-five percent of cases.”
“That would be most unwise, Mr. Keener.”
“Not around in your universe, I take it? He’s a trained assassin with what he calls photographic reflexes; he can memorize and replicate the movements and traits of anyone he’s fighting. He’s…well, honestly he’s a big pain in the ass. But Tony, I have to ask you again not to go with them.”
If you haven't seen it yet, there's also a major #AskStrange update, so feel free to check that out as well, and leave any questions you have for the Doctor here or on Tumblr.
Here, there was an annotation from Shuri that read ‘
“Shit,” Clint muttered, leaping up and then halting mid-motion to peer thoughtfully down at the two people on the floor near his feet. “Natasha? Bucky? Take a minute and check in with yourselves. Where you at?” Bucky’s easy lassitude was already almost entirely gone, and he followed Clint to his feet. Natasha hung her head and took several long, deep breaths before following. Tony was astonished to see unshed tears shining in her eyes when she looked at Clint, but when she spoke her voice was steady and even.
Sam has wanted to punch Bucky numerous times in the course of their relatively short relationship, but never more so than right now. He always does this. He always waits, bides his time, letting Sam do the groundwork and then swooping in to ask the question Sam hadn’t realized needed asking.
There was zero pain, which was pretty unsurprising. Before the scene, Bucky had sat the team down and explained that he’d been working through what the emergence of the Soldier aspects of his personality meant. Building on a suggestion from his therapist that the Soldier didn’t solely have to represent trauma, Bucky told them that he’d come to realize that in many ways, the Soldier might be the Dominant aspects of his psyche.
“Alive,” Peter spits.
“If he wants…you should feed him. I shouldn’t, not without…well, I just shouldn’t right now.”
The team adjusts to being back at home...sort of.
He should have said goodnight then, claimed a headache or something. That, Tony would own, was a mistake. But Steve had been adorably excited about their scene all day, and whatever Tony’s extremely mixed feelings about pretty much everything to do with submission, he wasn’t fucking immune to the desire to please and satisfy his Dominant. How bad could it possibly be?
She’d held the inhaler out to Sam, then shoved it into his hand when he hadn’t seemed to catch on.
Have I mentioned lately that you're fabulous readers, and that it's a highlight of my week to hear your questions, comments, favourite moments, and most fervent wishes for future events in this series?
(See the end of the chapter for
“But they can’t even look at me! None of them, ever since—”
“I guess so,” Steve agreed. He wanted Tony to pursue whatever relationship he wanted with Peter, he really did, he just wished he didn’t feel like their own bond was on such shaky ground. Nat rolled her eyes and elbowed him in the side.
No content notes I can think of here, beyond the general fact of it being tremendously hard on the entire team to be in this position of attempting to pass Tony off as his other self. As always, though, if you feel I've missed a needed warning, or if you have any questions or concerns, just let me know and I'm happy to help!
“Dionne Brand, huh? I’m impressed. Her later stuff is great, but a little more provincial. This one really captures the global scope of the post-colonial experience.”
“I’m, I, Clint, Sir, please, please, I—because, because I—please, Clint, help me, I can’t.” The steady thud of the strap didn’t let up, but Clint did take at least some form of mercy.
The implications of this cover-up are, of course, wide-ranging and extensive. Howard Stark obtained countless honorary degrees, has dozens of buildings and other public spaces dedicated in his name, and is a frequent figure in history, political science, engineering and science textbooks the world over. His company, meanwhile, will almost certainly face investigation to determine the scope of its involvement in the deception.
“What good am I here?” he asked hopelessly when the latest wave of temper had burned itself out. “I was already lost before. Now, the battle’s over, the world is saved…Peter, I’m
They had been at this for hours. First had been the incessant quizzing about the details of Mark II’s life most likely to come up even in passing, and which would be too much of a red flag if messed up: when he and Steve (and the rest of the team, though everyone had warned him that the press habitually left the rest of their partners out) had gotten together, the Avenger’s most famous missions, that kind of thing. Tony had been doing his homework over the weekend, and answered almost everything with perfect accuracy.
) as well as the case studies compiled by the instructors in the course.
“It is one o’clock, sir. You asked me to remind you of your appointment with Doctor Banner.” Ah, right. More sub-training. Brucie-Bear had been curiously tight-lipped about what this particular session was going to entail, but the guy had also been endearingly excited about it all morning. He’d confirmed the time with Tony three separate times, and then had spent the better part of the morning whistling to himself as he’d puttered around the kitchen.
And if
The fact that Steve had managed to fall asleep at all after the emotional upheaval of his conversation with Tony should have been his first clue that he was running out of time. Initially, though, Steve had been concerned with his more immediate problems, namely stopping himself from pursuing a number of equally implausible and likely disastrous responses to said phone call. These had included an immediate return to the Tower to dump all the liquor down the drains; getting the science team at SHIELD to master dimensional travel so he could kick the ass of the other version of himself; or trying to send this other version of Tony back to where he’d come from so Steve could go back to hopeless mourning instead of the bewildering combination of excitement, guilt, anger and confusion that always accompanied the mere thought of this new arrival.
Slowly, painfully, the room swam into view. It was nowhere near as sophisticated as Peter expected the old version of the medbay had been. Much like the shop, a lot of things were still in boxes, or scattered about the room. Especially near Peter’s bed, the floor was a cluttered, chaotic scene. Empty vials and bags of fluid looked to have been thrown next to the IV pole. A small collection of textbooks, including one still open to a chapter on allergic reactions, lay abandoned near the door. One box, which Peter suspected had contained the monitoring equipment he was currently hooked up to, was spilling leads and cables all over the place.
“That is not true!” AI-Tony protests. Rhodes sighs.
“What did I say to you on the way here?”
“I’m…I’m not really very good at letting people help me.”
The team has made some wise choices to emphasize his value as an individual; his watch collection, for instance, as well as the ‘fashion show’ demanded by Agent Barton were both designed to positively reinforce Stark’s right and ability to make decisions and have preferences that might be distinct from the of his predecessor.
I miss the days when he was incapable of even the most basic levels of deception!” Tony sat awkwardly, unsure what to do or whether he should stay or go.
No one bothered putting up too much of a fight, and soon the lot of them were marching to the elevator. Everyone except Clint, who took his time getting to his feet and then sidled up next to Tony. (Ever since their date, he’d been far more willing to press his way into Tony’s space. Nothing scandalous, just the odd jostling of shoulders or brushing of hands on knees.)
At this point, though, no one on the team seemed to want to hear Steve’s theories. They’d gone from reading it as drop to assuming it had something to do with the upcoming anniversary; he was getting entirely sick of the mixture of frustration and concern that accompanied his so much as saying Tony’s name these days.
“I…the team. I was imagining them here. Want them to see you like this, remember that you need the Dominance too, that you’re so goddamn good at it. And I want—I want—”
“Huh?”
“I should never have…that is, I know Tony, the other Tony, I know he was responsible for maintaining his own relationships. But I also know that I could have done a lot more, as his Dominant and his teammate and his friend, to encourage him to reach out to you. I didn’t.”
“He did, yes. But those provisions still require the consent of the executor.” She didn’t need to say more; the implication was abundantly clear. Tony would need her permission to access anything, and right now Pepper didn’t intend to give it to him. The cruelty of it shouldn’t have cut very deeply, not after everything else that had happened in the last few years, but somehow it did anyway. Even when he’d had nothing, he’d almost always had Pepper.
“It takes some getting used to,” Coulson said from across the conference table. Tony hadn’t even known the other man had witnessed his reaction to Thor’s gift, focused as he’d been on the whole ‘magic-is-real-and-right-now-it’s-like-some-weird-heating-pad’ thing, but then he should never really be surprised by the depth of Agent’s constant awareness. Coulson held up his right hand, on which he wore a thin gold band around his index finger.
“You’re so good sweetheart. Can you listen to me for a minute, really listen?” Tony nodded, which somehow turned into him nuzzling into the warmth Steve’s palm. “We still have things to learn about each other, and I’m sure it won’t always go smoothly; it never seems to with us, does it?” The questions was pretty clearly a rhetorical one, so Tony didn’t bother stopping his needy nuzzling of Steve to formulate an answer. “I know that sometimes you’ll need to fight and snap and show your teeth before you let go, especially with me. Sometimes I think you just do it because it’s fun, and on those occasions I will be delighted to put you down hard and forcefully. But other times, like tonight, I think you push because…because you don’t quite trust that I'm going to stay, and you'd rather I leave on your terms than mine. That sound about right?” Tony closed his eyes; this was answer enough. “I know that for the most part nothing will fix that but time, and I’m willing to put that in. But is there anything I can do for you now, something to put you a little more at ease?”
“Yes, Casey is in her second year of her residency. I think she’s rather fallen for pediatrics to tell you the truth, but she doesn't want to admit it. Such a cliche for a Dominant, you know.” Tony, Steve was fairly certain, did
the next morning, but not for a call-out. For a date.
“Definitely.”
“They suspect,” Steve corrected. “Taskmaster intimated that he’d told SI he suspected something about Tony was different, that he’d come back ‘wrong.’ He seemed convinced that they hadn't taken him seriously, and obviously they were hoping to just avoid the issue by taking Tony out of the picture altogether. But seeing as that didn’t work, this seems to be Fletcher's next play.”
The thing people didn’t understand about so-called True Dominance was how completely powerless you were so much of the time. Steve’s entire world, filled with a complex array of concerns just moments before, narrowed in an instant. There was nothing that mattered beyond reassuring his submissive, nothing that could possibly matter more than keeping him here, soft and sweet and devoid of worry, for as long as possible. He peeled off his workout gear (he still wouldn’t permit anything sexual without a date, but skin to skin would be better when Tony was down this far) and strode further into the living room.
