He waited on the couch for Emerson to join him, tablet ready in hand before calling out to Steve that they were in fact, ready.
“No, no, I’m just teasing, Daci. I promise I’m not upset, sweetheart. Like Steve said, I’m just happy it wasn’t a curse word, considering who her Dad is. Plus it just means Morgan likes you a whole lot,” Tony added and gestured to the laughing baby. Daci’s gaze turned to the baby girl which always put a smile on her face.
“You don’t know that!” Tony countered as he made his way to sit by her. She checked to make sure he had washed his hands before freely wrapping her arms around him.
“What if you just sedate her?” he asked, moving his drawing pad out of the way when she started kicking next to him in protest; still screaming.
," Clint whispered to the cup, drinking and almost spilling his coffee when Bucky pinched his side in retaliation.
“I’m…Miles. Peter right?” their youngest said to their not-current-eldest as he extended his hand in greeting. Peter, ever the social butterfly, returned the gesture before beginning to tell his new friend all of his favorite things.
Instantly more awake and quiet with her movements, she stalked around the corner to further investigate who this was and why she had a bad feeling in her stomach.
Kristen and Bill passed around what she would later learn was a blunt, turning to offer a hit to their guest.
"You coming shell-head?" he asked, laughing when the man visibly shook off his anger and then started shaking off his clothes.
Tony couldn’t help smiling, secretly glad for the reminder of how freaking adorable his son was as a kid. He made a mental note to get the recording from JARVIS later.
“Hey Pops, could you get me some more orange juice?” Steve smiled at his eldest before obliging his request. Emerson put her fork down that she had just picked up, leaning her head on one propped-up arm and using her other to drum her fingers against the table.
The summer before his senior year had simultaneously dragged on as it had flashed by, both from torture and happiness. He was probably being a little over-dramatic, but to be fair – he had been both grounded and dumped in the first half and had finished a certain… “project” he was working on during the second half. His thoughts are quickly interrupted when someone bumps into him as he was staring blankly into his open locker. It had been in passing, but his recent instincts put his body into a stiff overdrive – so he took a moment before letting his body relax as he once again looked into his locker.
When the elevator opened, they were just getting to the end of the electric guitars rip when Emerson noticed she no longer had a singing partner. Her air guitar began to falter and quickly die out as she looked at her brother in confusion. They were standing in the entrance-way to the living room and Peter was angrily glaring at something. She followed his line of sight, trying to figure out what he was so mad about when she noticed something weird…
It was domestic and calm and all Steve had ever wanted. And as loath as he was to admit it, the Alpha could clearly use the help. So he decided to take full advantage of the situation and enjoy the next few days of rejuvenation.
It had been Peter’s idea to introduce her to the Avengers in small groups, after he and Tony had been planning a huge brunch to bring them all in at once. Realizing how overwhelming that would be, they started planning the introductions in increments.
“You’re such a drama king,” his love whispered before kissing him slowly. He saw the two children had already vacated the room as the sounds of his friends followed them into the room. Steve nodded to them as he made his way to talk to their son.
Buuuut, before he could run the idea by Peter, he had to ask Joey if she even wanted to hang out with them today. He had learned the hard way when it came to disappointing a toddler.
…” he whispered the last few words out, suddenly thinking that maybe detention was a lie and she’d just went to drink.
“Still, though,” Bucky added, “everyone deserves to be with someone who doesn’t treat them like shit. You deserve better than Brock.” He shot Clint a glare when he scoffed at that. “I mean it, Barton.”
“-yes, well do you remember promising to have a conversation when I was sober?” he rushed out, cheeks flushing in embarrassment. Bucky looked back at him a moment before his own cheeks flushed, before his gaze immediately dropped the the floor.
The blonde laughed fondly at him, walking over to stand in front of his husband, still giving him the chance to lead this discussion.
at her laughing fondly at the memory. They sat in comfortable silence for another forty or so minutes before they could hear Sam’s loud voice coming from down the hall.
"Amazing, thanks for asking," she said kindly. "Bruce is really an incredible mentor. What's for dinner Steve?"
“If he was good enough, he’d show up on time,” his knight in shining fucking armor - currently sporting the sports jacket Tony had bought him along with a deliciously tight pair of dark blue jeans - said apologetically, stepping up to the empty seat. “Sorry I’m late, babe. Traffic was hell,” Steve added to the silent group, Tony trying desperately to resist the urge to blow this man right here in front of everyone.
“What?” Tony asked in shock as he watched his father walk over to the small couch and sit with Harley still in his arms. “What are you talking about?”
"Took you long enough," the blonde said kissing him one more time before moving to kiss the boy's head. Steve then walked around the couch to join them, leaning his back against the brunette's side so as not to disturb the slumbering boy.
“Steven, love of my life, man of my dreams, she is referencing a song,” Tony explained after allowing a few more chuckles out, moving to wrap an arm around his husband’s waist.
“It’s fucking six am, Tony,” he heard his husband growl in his ear. Tony couldn’t help the smile that instantly spread across his face, or the little sleepy giggle he let out as Steve squeezed him a little tighter. He kept his eyes closed, convincing himself they’d just fall back asleep when Steve began kissing the man’s cheek.
“I understand,” he said quietly, standing up tall like his Mama told him when making a proper apology. “I’m sorry for what I said Clint. I didn’t mean it, any of it. It’s not an excuse, but she -”
He turned her around, still wobbly on her two tiny legs as she squealed at seeing how happy her Daddy was. Bucky looked close to crying, scooting back to see if she could add a few steps. When she did, he lifted her up into his arms in joy.
“Naw man, he’s the auntie,” another of them piped in, causing an eruption of laughter among the teens.
Maybe it was the hope of winning over Harley, who was mostly polite to Steve but continued keeping him at a distance. Regardless, it was a particularly long ride until they finally reached the Rogers’ house. During that time, he and Harley sat quietly while Tony hummed along to different songs on the radio.
“Kid, are you talking about those ridges?” he asked with a smile as she squinted at him and nodded yes. “Yeah, that’s what fat feels like. Because your breasts are literally bags of fat, love.”
Not long after he got to the station, Sam was knocking on the door to his office. He waved him in, noting he only opened the door enough to stick his head in.
“So you’ve said,” Sam quipped back, brown eyes challenging Steve’s blue until the blonde eventually looked away.  He felt a gentle hand on his shoulder as he continued ignoring his friend. This was not a conversation he wanted to have right now, especially at the end of his shift in front of homophobes.
“Sure, Clint. If you remember this conversation when you’re sober then we can continue this discussion,” Bucky deadpanned as he reached a hand out in invitation. The shorter teen took his hand and moved to stand next to him.
But then that wonderful man of his pulled him into a quick kiss, pulling back to say a quick but passionate “I love you too.”
He rubbed her back for a few more minutes before looking over at Tony, who hadn’t looked away from the two but was watching them silently. The brunette smiled sheepishly back at him, looking like he was still unsure of
“As I was saying, I expect you to behave yourself. You will be attending one of the greatest high schools New York has to offer. And I had better not get another complaint or I’ll send your ass to juvy, capish?” She gave him a fake smile, knowing he’d make her life and even deeper level of hell if she back-talked him again.
, she thought to herself as she grabbed her loosest pair of pajama bottoms – which she happened to steal from Steve – before gently taking off her undies. They were way too snug for her current condition.
“We behaved Daddy! I stayed with Steve the whole time,” Harley said proudly, shooting a glare undercut with a smile to the Alpha.
"Smart of you to offer those first two options, Thumper," the brunette said with a smile as she winked back at him.
“Okay,” Leo agreed quietly, almost so quiet the two of them couldn’t hear. Her father, even in his old age, still heard the boy and immediately pulled him into his arms.
They ended up playing some hand game called ‘rock, paper, scissors’ which Tony apparently lost, watching Tony and Morgan head towards the bathroom while Steve, Harley and Peter headed back to the living room.
“I heard he tied the knot, had to see the competition for myself.” The blatant arrogance stunned the man, if only for a moment as Steve felt anger spread through him.
"Aw man, you are spending too much time with your Papa," Sam said with a grimace as they all huddled around the cake - now lit up with the candles.
“How did you know?” Tony asked in bewilderment, shrugging his shirt up higher even though he’d tripled checked that it covered his gland. His Mama rolled her eyes at him, glancing at her grandson before continuing.
Steve sat in the living room with his husband's head on his lap, waiting for both their kids to come to Sunday dinner as promised. He was stroking the man's hair that was starting to get more salt in the pepper these days as they heard the familiar ding. They looked up a moment later to see their teenager join them.
“It’s the same recipe, Buck. Except I also have whipped cream, marshmallows, and chocolate shavings.” He turned around when Bucky had the audacity to scoff at him. “What?”
“Ya know, every since you two started calling me that I catch myself doing it all the time. At school? My feet tap against the desk. Breakfast time? Tapping the stools! Watching a – stop laughing!” she declared with a smile, the super soldier trying to catch his breath.
"You can call me Tony, kiddo, and yeah I can show you after you meet Peter, okay?" the billionaire asked with a smile as they moved to sit on the couch. Steve sat on the other side of his husband, leaving the space by Miles for Peter to sit on. The super soldier wondered if his husband knew the boy wouldn't care about the robots in a few seconds...
“Just...you know, until you sober up,” Steve said with a blush. It was at that moment he heard his friends come outside to join them.
She and Miles had changed quickly and snuck off to look at Shuri's lab, the eighteen year old keeping her phone close to join them whenever the rest of her family finished getting ready. They were the only two in the lab, careful to not touch anything when they heard a siren go off. She got a text from her Pop, telling her to keep her and her little brother safe, as the others were suddenly called to action just outside the country.
“So...um,” Steve stuttered, feeling less confident and more like he should stick to his word. “Do you want some coffee?” Tony quirked his brow before strutting over to the blonde.
“But take it from someone who spent too long using drugs and sex to further hate themselves, it’s not going to magically erase your past. That shit’s with you for life.” He smiled when she chuckled at that, wrapping his arms around her once more as she buried her face back in his chest.
“Hour and a half to be safe,” he said more clearly, smiling brightly at Steve. He returned the smile, gently patting Peter’s head before leaving to find her.
He pulled up exactly twenty minutes later, smiling as Pete cheered from his car seat in the back as they saw Joey locked the door behind her. She walked up to the Cadillac Escalade, crossing her arms as she mocked glared at the car; arms unfolding as she opened the door to get in the passenger seat.
“I’m holding you to Disney world, old man,” she said with a smile before getting up to take her stuff to her room.
“Why don’t you and your nakey butt go help Nana? Uncle Steve and I need to finish in here,” he suggested as he kissed her cheek and placed her on the ground.
“Fine, I’m Sonny. I’ll just never go skiing,” he teased. Tony laughed at that, taking a glance at the teen behind him – who had a small frown on her face. When she realized Tony was looking, she instantly switched to a polite smile. Tony turned back to Steve to see if he’d noticed, only to find he hadn’t and was staring at a picture on the wall.
Peter waited another moment before continuing. “It means you’re obligated to get us presents for our combined trauma,” he said while gesturing to himself and Emerson.
“Chill out, Bambi. Some day when you find someone with an ass like your father’s then you too will feel the need to –”
Her little brother was hiding behind their Dad, suddenly shy as he peered around the brunette's leg to look at the King. Their Dad laughed as he gently pulled Miles to stand next to him to meet the man.
They were the only two customers in the café, making Steve think Tony had somehow done that on purpose. A polite young woman took their order as Steve did his best not to stare.
"I mean...it's probably nothing, but it doesn't seem like we can age and I already don't like the idea of outliving people..." he trailed off sadly as the realization sunk in for the blonde.
He didn’t have any doubts about that, but he was a little weary that a puppy could help. He actually thought it’d probably add more stress.
If you would have told him a year ago he was going to his senior prom with a blonde guy, he would’ve guessed he lost a bet with Steve.
“I’m not saying tell him your whole life story...but if you keep doing what you’re doing - I hate to say it but you might lose him. Not because he doesn’t love you enough, but because he loves you so much he can’t stand to see you continue to suffer in pain. And he’s not the only one,” she finished with a hand on his shoulder.
Steve jerked when a hand landed on his shoulder, unaware that they had arrived, parked and his brother was trying to get him out of the car. He limply followed along, knowing that his brother was trying to talk but unable to process anything that was being said.
"I love you too, sweetheart," the blonde said with a smile as he handed her a warm towel. Her Tati returned a second later and couldn't dodge the full body hug from her Daddy, who now got the brunette wet. They laughed and changed and soon enough she was snuggled between the two on the couch for movie night. But she must've fallen asleep, cause the next time she woke up, she was in her bed.
“Okay,” she said to the ceiling before turning back to the archer. “Thanks again, Clint. Maybe we could do this again sometime?”
“Yes, we’re your parents. And no, you obviously don’t need to see her again if you don’t want to,” he said while rubbing circles on her back. “We just wanted to let you know we’re on your side, whatever you decide.”
“It’s fine, he was a great man. He was smart and kind, funnier than I’d ever admit to him,” she stopped to smile fondly at the memory. “He was a mechanic, owned his own shop up until I was about 10. And then…something about the economy and he had to sell the shop. So then he had to work odd jobs – thus the carnie – until he ended up in construction.”
Kristen brought them potato chips which was suddenly the most delicious sounding thing in the world to the twelve year old.
“It was his favorite movie as a kid,” Steve explained. “He dressed up as Bambi for Halloween and was incredibly cute doing so, so the nickname stuck.”
He rolled his eyes as she took a few more seconds to settle down, sitting her back against his chest as she reached over for the book on top of the pile and handed it to Steve.
“I love you,” he whispered after resting their foreheads together. Tony smiled in return before whispering it back.
“Hey Petey-pie, did you have a good nap?” Steve asked, reaching up for the pup as Tony gently handed the giggling baby to his Papa.
“Look, just call in for me tomorrow at school and we can discuss…all of the options while I heal. And maybe one of you can stay here with me…” she confessed, still slightly unlike her normal self as she spoke honestly. She did grimace in taking a step, though, which alerted the two fathers who leaned forward to catch her as she shooed them off.
“You’re nothing but a pussy. With a faggot for a son-” Howard didn’t get to finish, as he was suddenly on the ground below a fist-clenching Joe.
Two cop cars and an ambulance were parked outside the place, along with a red truck parked half way on the sidewalk.
"Hey, sorry I’m a little late, our last patient was a little…difficult,” he said with a smile as he sat down and grabbed the menu.
“Seeeeeeb” the young adult whined with a smile, arms still stretched out at him; giving no sign to otherwise move anytime soon. Both fathers laughed aloud at that before the blonde happily obliged her request.
“He’s right, Tony,” Steve began, turning to the three stunned individuals. He put the ingredients away and pulled out some cereal boxes in a high up cupboard. “Here, cereal for breakfast. After you’re finished you two can get started on cleaning every window on this floor. And scrubbing the bathrooms,” he said with a smile.
He remained silent as Tony pulled his car into park, reaching to undue his seatbelt. He was stopped by a frozen Tony, not making any move to even move his hands from the wheel.
“Speak of the devil,” he muttered as he looked up at Steve. “Do you mind if I take this?” he asked as the blonde smiled and nodded at him.
He saw her eyes water a little at that, mouth open once or twice trying to find her own words in response.
Steve closed the last book as Daci began to shift next to him, looking around and realizing Peter, Harley and Morgan were all asleep. She stretched her arms out as the two men began to shift around her.
going back to the Tower,” her Tati snapped before grabbing her arm and pulling her away from the archer.
But she couldn’t help to smile anyway, hearing the familiar rumble as she joined the others in the living room. She made a beeline for the coffee waiting for her and plopped down on the couch next to her Dad before turning to her brother in law.
Steve squealed out, the only description for the noises coming out of Steve’s mouth. He certainly filled the room with a happy Alpha smell. “And you’re having my pup!” Steve cried before leaning down to kiss the Omega’s stomach then moving up to his lips.
“Next time I’ll chase you and give you a heads start, okay?” she said to a sleepy Hulk. She waved at her aunt who waved back before heading towards the elevator. On her uncles’ floor, she found her parents in the kitchen.
“Hoodlums, Steve? Really?” Tony asked unimpressed as he pulled three cups down as the device brewed.
“Because I didn’t think I deserved any better, Steve. He convinced me I didn’t. Well…” he scoffed and looked away again. “…him and Howard.”
These last few months have been hard. A lot has been on her plate…and her cup of sanity was already dangerously close to spilling over.
Tony was actually starting to get really behind on work, so he finally relented calling Ruth to watch Pete for a weekend. Steve texted him while he was saying goodbye to ask if he wanted to see a movie together tonight. He smiled at the text, despite his doubts, feeling those damn butterflies flutter whenever he knew he was going to see Steve.
He never hit her when he was angry. Well, except for the occasional swat. But when he actually spanked her, he made sure he was calm.
“Come on,” he offered to Emerson who sat laughing in her seat, “let’s go watch a movie and let the love birds do the dishes.” She got up to join him.
He turned back to the woman, “can I …” unable to finish that sentence. Tony’s bed wasn’t that big and Steve well…was. She offered her bright smile again before responding.
He cautiously walked into his bedroom, careful not to wake the occupants. His smile stayed plastered on his face at the scene before him. Tangled limbs could be made out under the mass of blankets covering everything but two sets of brunette hair. He never understood how Tony could sleep so smothered, the thought made Steve claustrophobic, but seeing him and his foster daughter snuggled warmly made him a little jealous.
“Can’t sleep, your tv is bigger,” Bucky explained with a shrug of his shoulder, still not looking up at Steve. The blonde took a deep breath before coming to a decision.
“Kick his ass, babe!” Sarah shouted from the door, getting a chuckle out of Tony even in this serious situation.
“I asked if you wanted to get out of here,” Tony said in a lower octave that had Steve glad he was already sitting down.
“I’ll get your coffee ready, come meet us in the living room,” her Dad said with a fond chuckle, patting her on the back before leaving her room.
“No,” he cried again, “she doesn’t even love him, so he’s only my Daddy!” Peter tightened his tiny arms around the brunette, head buried in his stomach – away from his bandaged heart – as he continued crying his little eyes out.
“Uh…it was a she…” Jo said awkwardly before stealing a glance back at the woman. Helen looked genuinely surprised, cheeks flushed adorably pink, before muttering, “oh, oh.”
“Oh my god you diva, you’re fine,” her Pops said with a groan, causing her and her brother to share a laugh.
“No, Steve. I’m not...I’m not lying. I really did have a family emergency. I swear that night...that was the best night of my life.” He looked sincere, but Steve believed it was still too good to be true. The look on the Omega’s face made it clear he realized he hadn’t convinced him either. “Look, um, do you see that pup on the monkey bars? The one about to jump into the waiting arms of the man encouraging him?”
“You wanna sleep on the couch tonight?” the blonde asked him, pulling out the slicer to cut up slices of pizza for them.
“Wow, that’s so cool Harley,” the Alpha said with a bright smile. Tony watched the two and fell just a little bit more in love with the blonde.
“It’s a mansion slash smart house, kiddo. I’ve got a game room, a media room, a gym, indoor pool…I promise you won’t be bored,” Tony said turning to the unimpressed teen. Who immediately looked impressed, shrugging and nodding in response. He turned back to Steve, who had his arms crossed but a small smile on his face.
“It’s Joey, no one calls me Josephine. Unless I’m in trouble, but then it’s usually followed by my middle name.
“I’m so glad you texted me,” the woman began before Emerson quickly interrupted her, one hand raised.
“You know...I don’t know why he would say something mean like that. I think Tiberius might be jealous of Steve since he gets to be around you all the time. He’s also an old fashioned Alpha and probably doesn’t know how progressive Steve is. I can’t tell you, baby. But what I can tell you, is that I love you, Steve loves you and your little brother or sister will love you too.”
“Well well well… miss too-cool-to-be-a-superhero, what do you want to do then?” his Dad asked in jest, teasing her right back.
"Right, talk. So you wanna tell me why you're scared to raise an adorable black boy?" Tony spit a little of the coffee he had just sipped, should've known the man would jump right to the point. He looked up to an unimpressed Rhodes, who cut right through his bs.
After he had tucked Peter in tight and finished reading the story, he checked to see the boy was fast asleep. It gave him the strength to go speak with Joey and end this day as soon as possible, after adding a quick kiss to the boy’s forehead in goodnight.
After the ceremony they officially adopted each other’s kid, laughing as Peter excitedly removed the jacket of his tux in celebration.
“I am obviously in support of speaking to someone for help but I’m not always so keen when people get forced into it. So, allow me to both apologize and thank you for coming. I imagine this…can’t be easy for you…”
She continued holding his hand as they crossed the street to get to his parked car. Her grip loosened when she was within arms reach of the car, letting him go to slide into the passenger seat.
“Baby, trust me, that is not what that man is after. He doesn’t want to kill me, he wants to control me. If you want to be worried about anything, worry about your Pop going to prison for assault. He’s going to beat his ass when he sees him…”
“Not really. I have little snippets of my Aunt and Uncle, who I was with before these two clowns,” Peter said shooting a smirk at his dads. “They died in a car accident. Similar to how my birth parents died, except my aunt and uncle didn’t get hit by a drunk driver, they lost control in the rain. My birth father was actually Dad’s cousin.”
He even blinked twice, another one of their signals to silently tell the other to act on whatever they were thinking. In this case, he gave his girl the go ahead to end one more life with her powers. The very thing he’d been discouraging her to do, now giving permission. And as she slowly turned to Strucker, Bucky sent a prayer that this would be the last time this child would have to do that.
He found out when one of his father’s interns texted him about it. They had made out once over the summer and she texted him to let him know that Obadiah Stane, who has been like an uncle in Tony’s life and was his actual godfather, had left the company.
“Even with how I reacted to your heart?” she questioned as she brought her knees up to her chest in defense. Tony felt that
“Hulk!” Peter cried in excitement before taking off towards the green giant, Harley toddling on after him. She stood there in shock when she felt Tony gently pat her shoulder.
When she became conscious again, she was in the backseat of an ambulance with an Adonis paramedic sitting next to her.
Steve looked at her head downcast before replying, “I could handle it, if you’d prefer. Though I can’t promise I would follow the judicial system…” He smiled when she did, glad to see some humor with her.
“You girls have a nice evening,” the man said before turning away from the group. Tony felt the tension in his body dissipate as he watched the man make for the exit.
“Neither is allowing this man to continue teaching,” he said seriously as he barged his way into the classroom. “Mr. Jefferson, may I have a word?” he asked the startled man sitting as his desk.
. He brought a hand up to cover her mouth, smiling still when he saw she was laughing a little as well. He hugged her tight once more before continuing.
“Can’t we just, have some fun instead?” Tony murmured seductively as he tried to reach a hand down to Steve’s crotch. The blonde gently grabbed his wrist to stop him, then slowly pulled the shorter man onto the bed with him.
“This is our first party as like, a couple!” Clint said excitedly as they waited outside James’ house for Tony to come get them. James was standing next to him, rolling his eyes at him.
"No," Peter said with his best press smile, "he's my little brother." The couple practically laughed in relief to each other, Peter feeling his boyfriend go rigid next to him, still holding Miles in his arms.
“Steve,” the bastard whined back, turning around to grab some fruit to slice up as Steve furrowed his brows and crossed his arms in response. When his brother turned back, he smiled at the sight of the teen and put everything down to walk over and envelope him in a hug.
“Tony? Babe is everything okay?” the Alpha asked, hand gently resting on his shoulder while the Omega furiously texted Ty for the sixth time.
“Tony, I love you. I’ve loved you since we first met, loved you more when we took Peter in, and even more than I thought possible when you insisted we bring in Emerson. You are the love of my life…those four stones represent each of our individual birth stones. A family I wouldn’t trade for anything. So. Anthony Edward Stark-Rogers, will you…renew your wedding vows with me?” Steve finished what he needed to say, kneeling still waiting for Tony to respond.
There were a lot of cars already parked as the two couples got out. Clint watched Steve and Tony continue arguing as they walked, while the archer hung back and watched James.
Tony watched as the handsome devil, dressed in black slacks and a white button up, walked across the gym towards him. Anxiety suddenly dropped in his stomach at the thought this was all some long hoax - when the blonde was suddenly in front of him. Smiling at him with an adorable blush.
“That one is so cool! My favorite is the velociraptor,” Becca said as she munched on one of Ma’s cookies. “Also, you should definitely try one of these,” his sister offered Harley, who took it and immediately took a big bite.
the girl whispered in answer as Peter opened the door more. The fathers shared a look before their son continued.
“I promise, Daci,” he said before planting a kiss on her forehead. She felt safe and tired again, letting out another yawn that had her Tati pull back with a smile. “Need a nap, cub?” She couldn’t help but frown, feeling tired but wanting to spend time with her father. “I could use a nap,” he added, bringing a smile to her face.
“I wanted to get to know you,” the older woman said, sitting back with a sigh after the woman had left.
“COMPLICATED?!?” she surprised herself with the volume of her own voice. It was at this moment she felt a strong hand gently grasp her shoulder. She turned teary eyed to her Pops who looked confused between the two.
were intelligent! Why don’t you make yourself useful and get us some drinks, huh Einstein?” Tony asked with sarcasm, lost on the bot that chirped as it wheeled away.
“Hey now, what’s all this?” Tony rasped out. Everyone else’s face shot up at that, turning to welcome the man back to the land of the living.
He didn’t hear the rest when he dropped his phone onto the floor. The blood pounded in his ears as he struggled to get oxygen into his lungs.
“You alright?” Clint asked him, gun lowered to his hip as Bucky barely managed a nod in response. Before either of them could talk, Brock groaned on the ground and attempted to sit up.
She huffed in disapproval before burying her face back in his neck. He couldn’t help the chuckle that came out from his adorable daughter.
“Daciana?” he called out, fear beginning to spread in his chest as he looked around her room. “Daci?” he called again, checking her little side bathroom and closet before frowning at seeing it empty as well. When he went back to her bedroom, he noticed Wolf was tucked into her bed. “JARVIS?”
“- I would absolutely love to see baby pictures of Stevie!” Tony purred next to him, ignoring the pout coming from the Alpha. Steve groaned as his Ma left and came back with six photo albums.
“So? Which one is your favorite?” Pete asked again, his daughter blushing with a smile before answering.
He guessed by the pink twinge in Tony’s olive skin that he had hit the nail on the head. That, and his husband’s sudden pout.
James stormed out of his apartment and out of his life. And Clint let him, knowing the other teen was better off. He hadn’t heard from him in days, and decided to stay home from school for two days to mend his broken heart before showing his face at school again.
“You’re right sorry,” Tony corrected himself, “Not the president – just the police. And the National Guard.”
"Hey hang on one minute," Peter said as he stood up and put his hands on his hips, they were going to need to change the line up for movie night.
“– Hey man, I’m sorry. I overstepped. I’ll drop it, okay?” Sam offered kindly as Steve smiled at him in appreciation. He figured it would be for the best, anyway.  He wanted to just get through his birthday so he could sleep all of this off.
“Yeah, I guess so, I was 8 when he said it. But he also gave up art school to be a paramedic for me…”
“I owe you both an apology,” he began, ignoring the surprised looks on both of them. “You’re right, I haven’t been doing a good enough job letting the two people I love most in this world…know that I love them the most in this world.” He saw Tony smile out of the corner of his eye, but he turned to address Joey first.
“Ah, this was our second date. Joe packed a picnic for the beach,” Sarah said with matching twinkling eyes, warm smile on her face at the memories.
He brought a change of clothes to shower and change into at the station, hoping none of his coworkers would notice. If Sam noticed, he didn’t say anything and just wished him a goodnight. He counted himself lucky no one else saw him.
He listened for a few minutes before going where the pup directed him, telling him to change his answer to the velociraptor as they stopped in front of the skeleton. Steve just smiled, all anger gone as the pup trailed off, a happy scent wafting off him.
Clint made her confident and made her Tati so, so happy. Like the happy she had always wished for him. Even when they were kind of gross and kissed everywhere, she didn’t mind. They were happy.
But it filled Tony’s heart with joy when he saw her practically back to her old ways. It got him wondering what she was like when she was younger, which inspired the woman to pull out some photo albums. One particular photo of a young Joe had Tony grinning from ear to ear, seeing the goofy face the man was making on a beach.
"Um, about a year? Now, I'm not sure if I'm allowed to talk about it," he said, getting a laugh from the family. "Come on, why don't you guys join me inside," the man said with a smile as Steve followed him into his home.
“Just those who know you best,” Natasha reassured him, making Steve realize what he should probably do.
“Oh my god, I hope you don’t mind me asking you to say that several more times...along with other impeccable impressions. You’re really amazing.” Warmth immediately spread throughout her body as she could only smile back at him, suddenly overwhelmed with emotion. “Come on, I wanna see you move heavy things without touching them. Then after, when you’re somewhat tired out, we’ll spar.”
He let a few of his own tears fall as he looked at Peter. After a moment, his husband looked at him, sharing a knowing look. They had both lost loved ones, knew the pain it caused. His attention turned to his youngest who had latched onto Peter’s back, mumbling “
“It’s okay, Em. My offer still stands. And with that ear, an argument could be made for making cookies and eating most of the dough.” She couldn’t help but laugh against her father’s chest, feeling thankful for the ten thousandth time that this was her family.
“Which means the queen will probably try to hump him on the dance floor,” Clint added, fidgeting with his pants on the other side of her.
Bucky and Clint were becoming more and more obnoxious about Steve dating Tony, teasing the blonde just about every chance they got.
Her legs give out as she slowly sinks to the ground, legs curling up as she placed her face in her hands. Her breathing shortens more to the point that she considers calling for her father.
“And yet you always wake up happy,” Tony countered, smiling at the adorable pout his son gave in response.
Shuri stepped forward into the light, both arms raised as her hands sported some badass looking weapons. The men laughed as they turned to face her, focusing on the war-face painted princess in a suit of armor. Emerson was as well, practically drooling at the sight. The men pulled their guns out only to be knocked back by some kind of energy force, stumbling to stand back up and fire at the woman.
“Yup. Drink and drive and I’ll tan your behind as well.” Tony jabbed the man with his elbow, because
“Your surgery went really well, Dr. Strange did an amazing job – just like you thought he would. But last night…” the blonde paused to sigh heavily and look at the teen on the genius’ chest.
“What is it love?” Clint asked gently, beautiful face so open and trusting it gave Bucky the confidence to return the favor.
“What? I thought your parents died?” he asked as he finished the rest of the drink before placing the cup on his bedside table.
“Hey,” he said with a little tap to her nose, “Thumper?” She turned her head up to meet his eyes. “Promise me, when you’re ready to talk about it…you will. It doesn’t even have to be with me or Dad. Just…someone. And let us know how we can help, okay?”
“Petey-pie, what happened at school? Did some little punk tell you that you’re spoiled? Cause you’re not. Just because your daddy makes a lot of money doesn’t mean you’re some spoiled little brat. Your mom and pop both make you do chores, you don’t have an allowance and you don’t get every toy you want, do you?” He checked the mirror again, glad to see Peter shake his head no and finally look up at Tony.
“Definitely man on man,” Peter responded with a smile, moving to follow his sister out into the living room.
"Can you keep a secret, Miles?" Peter asked. The boy nodded furiously in response as Steve chose to focus on his adorable husband rather than his gloating son.
“I missed you too Daddy!” the boy chuckled out, squeezing his tiny arms around Tony’s neck as he smushed him into his embrace. He kissed his boy loudly on the cheek, giggling along with him as May grabbed his bags and moved behind them to set them in the living room. Tony followed her, still hugging Peter to his chest.
He waited for Emerson to leave the room before hiding his face in his hands, afraid it might split open from the amount of smiling he was achieving. He quickly got up to go find his husband, ignoring the drawing pad that fell to the floor.
The super soldier kneeled down to appear smaller to the child, though he still towered over the boy. He smiled at the shy kiddo who hid a little behind his sister.
“Just your ugly ass,” Clint smirked at his brother, smiling when the idiot only chuckled in response.
because he stood up for me against…against this fuck-head who tried to assault me…” she trailed off, clutching her arms around her stomach at the memory.
"Want me to take her?" the blonde asked with a smile as he noticed Tony squirm a little. Normally, Tony wouldn't concede when it meant getting to hold his kids, but his legs were starting to hurt from sitting so long.
It took all three of them to carry it up the elevator in one go - since her hands were occupied with holding Max. They helped her set up as her Pop went to make lunch, her Dad even letting one of the scratching posts in the living room.
“Mr. Hoggs, I believe we have heard quite enough,” the official began. “Martha,” he turned to the mediator who was also taking notes. “Please help Mr. Stark and Mr. Rogers with the final paperwork. I believe we can all conclude this is an excellent fit for Miss Smith,” he turned to smile at the young teen, “and I’ll be happy to report all of this back to the Department of Human Services. Your new parents have already passed the background check and home visit. We are all very happy for you, Emerson. This concludes this meeting.” The official and mediator stood up to shake hands with Peter and his parents, all ignoring the steaming Mr. Hoggs refusing to move from his chair.
“Right, well I’ll be back in a few hours,” James said to the room before turning to Daci with a smile. “Be good, okay?” he asked her before leaning down to kiss the top of her head.
With everything that has been happening lately, it was exactly what he needed from his love. And Tony read his mind, snaking his other arm to wrap fully around Steve and rested his head on the blonde’s shoulder.
“You see Bruce or I call your husband and tattle,” the Colonel threatened. The genius frowned at that, pouting at his friend for using such a reliable threat.
“Yeah that’s not happening, I can barely take care of myself...let alone a puppy and two monkeys,” Clint halfway teased, sitting on the ground to hand Lucky some of the toys.
Even though Dr. Strange ended up being a few hours late – caught up on the other side of the world – overall things were going smoothly.
She took a few deep breaths before shuffling the short distance to the elevator door. She turned when she heard footsteps, offering a small smile to her fathers; Pop sporting a hoodie and pajama bottoms.
Tony leaned his body to cuddle with the man, who offered an arm to wrap around Tony, both sitting happy and content with their family.
The music was loud and the place was crowded, but it didn’t deter Clint’s enthusiasm as he dragged the two to one of the living rooms.
“Well then, carry me to bed soldier,” Tony whispered, lifted up into the air the second that he finished his sentence, laughing as Steve raced the two to the bedroom.
“Miss Emerson? Are you alright?” came the sound she once thought a little scary, now beyond grateful to hear – reminding her she isn’t alone. “Shall I call Dr. Banner for assistance? He is three floors below you working late in his lab.”
And if Bucky felt something from holding his hand, he didn’t need to comment or think about it ever again.
“Thor I need lightening! Tony, hey can you hear me?” Steve yelled as Thor flew in a moment later, using his hammer to summon lightning and start up the reactor again. Clint suddenly appeared by his side, eyes on Daci who had stood up slowly.
Bucky squinted at the shorter man, eyes focused on the other mass murderer as the billionaire's attention turned to his husband.
“Figured I’d compromise,” the blonde said as if it was obvious, closing the gap between them to give his husband the kiss he deserved. He used his strong arms to hoist the smaller man into his arms, not caring if his undershirt got ruined as Tony laughed in delight.
Steve and kicked both of their butts!” the pup cheered from the backseat, beginning to retell everything Pappy explained about boxing as a hand reached over and gently squeezed Steve’s.
"I'm your friend's little sister and also an American so you don't want any diplomatic issues?" she replied with snark. Shuri looked hurt and sighed heavily, erasing the smirk on Emerson's face as she frowned at the sight.
Wade suggested taking Emerson out for the time being to get to know his sister better, knowing they’ve only spoken a few times.
“You ratting me out to Fury cause you’re a jealous fucking fairy.” He watched as Clint’s expression changed from shock to matching Bucky’s anger.
She turned around to avoid the flirting when she saw Cara in passing. She quickly walked out of the store and called for her, just now noticing a small child with her – who couldn’t have been more than seven.
She was slowly getting out of her funk, even if she still missed Shuri, she was slowly starting to get back at SI. Even if she was mostly working from home on the one day a week she did it.
“So? Wanna...sober up?” he asked one more time, his stomach filling with warmth when the pretty Omega nodded yes and followed Steve to his truck. Clint obviously drove and the two argued in the front seat on the short drive over there. It seemed Bucky didn’t even realize there was a fourth person until everyone got out of the car.
After Clint tired the pup out chasing each other, he walked over and collapsed on the blanket next to the brunette. Lucky followed, promptly falling next to them and passing out asleep.
One night they went out on a ‘date night,’ which entailed Daci sleeping with the Starks on their floor so Vivienne and father could be alone on theirs.
“Oh right!” Steve said with a smile, completely forgetting about that. “Do you want to do it in here?” he asked and immediately became concerned when Tony let out a few coughs. “You okay?”
Steve gently made his way to sit across from Emerson, crossing his legs to try not to appear large or intimidating. He could see fresh tears in her eyes and spoke gently.
The blonde rolled his eyes fondly, finishing setting up the camcorder before moving to sit a few feet across from his brother.
“I’m terribly sorry for bringing you your favorite donuts,” Steve said sarcastically as he reached a hand out to wrap around his husband’s waist. But the genius evaded the move and only glared back at the blonde.
“She’s hiding in the hallway closet. According to JARVIS, she woke up first and hid and hasn’t moved since. Nat’s with her now trying to talk her out,” Barnes said sadly as Peter then reached out to be held by his uncle. Tony obliged for maybe the first time ever before turning to his husband in concern.
"I think I'll call him sensei," Emerson said, eyes still transfixed on her hands. Tony poked her side again, aiming for the ticklish spots as she instantly squirmed and laughed at his antics.
He dunked the man in retaliation, quickly resurfacing him as he brought him up enough to kiss his lips. The two laughed after another wave rolled over them, holding onto each other.
Steve’s parents had wrapped the two up in their collective arms, crying and talking over each other. And because they were the wonderful people they were, they went around bragging about not having one but two grandchildren.
His big green head shot up at that, looking at her in amazement. It seems like no one had offered to read with him before.
There were so many joys to having a soulmate bond. Steve could easily give or receive a wide range of wonderful emotions: love, happiness, playfulness, confidence, lust, reassurance, humor, and so many others that filled his heart with warmth.
“-You’re defending her again!” she snapped back, anger rising in her gut as she stood up off the couch.
He had seen it coming, since it was a trick his Pappy had taught him years ago - distract before attacking when their guard is down - and mimicked his brother with a dramatic groan. Pappy, playing the referee, began counting to ten as Steve slowly got back up before he was vertical again.
Steve didn’t love it, but he promised if it ever meant speaking one on one with the pathetic excuse for a man, that Steve would be in the same room.
They trained for half an hour before she asked to spar. Which was also a lot of fun. Clint was well trained, Tati had read her his file. And if the last half hour was anything to go by, he had a lot of experience with hand to hand combat.
Peter was taking his nap while the party continued but Tony would wake soon. The Omega watched the monitor as the baby began to stir and blink his eyes open. With a smile, Tony stretched his limbs out before standing up and making his way back inside.
like what people had said about him. Tony Stark was kind and thoughtful and literally wanted to make the world a better place.
He had been holding the frozen lasagna their mom had made, and handed it back over to his mom who was failing at stifling her laughter.
Tony had come to his house Saturday morning and worked on their project together. The brunette had an idea to make a short film out of it, which got Steve excited about as he began sketching out some of the scenes Tony described. They were a pretty good team.
"I think so," she said as she held the kitten to her chest. "Now I just gotta think of a name for him."
“I don’t know if I’m up for talking,” she said with a sigh as she pulled back, smiling to herself at knowing this man too well. “But we could make cookies and you can tell me about what’s happening at the foundation.” It was a cheap trick to get cookie dough, but she didn’t care. She pulled out the bottom lip when his brows furrowed, smiling brightly when the man instantly caved.
He’d never seen Harley like this, he was...terrified. Steve momentarily wondered if he was suddenly scared of his father when another thought occurred to him.
“What’s the vibranium for Pops?” he asked excitedly. His Pop only glared back at him, crossing his arms to keep a smile from breaking thru. Peter turned to his rather silent father, who was currently looking out the window pretending to be intrigued by clouds. He smiled to himself as he carefully maneuvered himself to sit fully in his Dad’s lap, turning away from his other protesting father.
He’d never seen him react that way about one of his exes. Even the more ‘desperate for fame’ ones he talked about fondly.
“Sorry about him, he’s clearly the worst,” Clint muttered as he leaned down to pick Lucky up, cheeks still pink as he leaned into his boyfriend’s embrace. James wrapped one arm around him while the other pet their puppy.
When Steve woke the next morning, a cold feeling settled in his stomach when he realized he was alone in bed. Tony was just...gone.
She stole a glance at him, glaring at the ridiculous man who covered his mouth to keep from laughing out loud.
Shuri ran at them and started beating the absolute shit out the men. Emerson didn't even process that her plan had worked and she was safe as she stared at the woman she was head over heels for. The princess made quick work of the men, unarming them and taking them out in a matter of seconds.
He froze as his uncle grabbed the knife and quickly yanked it out of place. He gritted his teeth this time, breathing harshly to not reveal his identity in any way. The superhero pulled some bandages from his belt and instructed Spiderman to hold them to his shoulder.
“Oh sorry James,” Clint said, eyes still on Bucky. “Jack’s argument is more solid,” he said before hoisting the boy up and holding him upside down again.
“Like I’m not going to tell Wade about this,” Peter chided as he opened the door enough to yank his husband inside.
“It was about two months in, he was…having a rough go of things,” he smiled when Peter huffed – well aware of the things his Dad did in his past; had several lectures on the dangers of such activities. “And he dumped me. Because he
She stood, turning to her Pop who whispered, “I’ll be right here until you’re done,” before smiling in reassurance. She nodded before turning back to the nice looking woman. She followed her down the hallway and into her office.
The tired dad smiled before he sat near her on the bed, noting her red rimmed eyes and tear tracks left on her cheeks.
“You’re awake, sleeping beauty,” Steve said fondly, hand moving to caress Tony’s cheek. After several more kisses from his love his son joined them, unaccompanied by his sister. After being reassured Sam was with her, he focused on hugging his oldest. And then not much longer, she was finally there. Beautiful and watery green eyes bored into his before she moved to curl herself up around him.
“I’m his father, who the hell are you?” Howard growled out, stepping forward as Tony reflexively flinched back.
“It’s safe Thumper.” The next moment the door opened more, revealing his kid that was obviously weary of the even now clothed father. She stepped in and waited awkwardly for her Dad to leave.
"You're cute when you pout. And when you're being dumb, like right now. Because you want to show a movie about a baby deer losing his mom to a child who just recently lost his mom..." Peter felt his mouth open and close in response, feigning silence instead of further putting his foot in his mouth.
"...But, you're not an assassin?" he says, unable to dodge the swat the archer gave him, but not really caring to do so.
"That's my girl!" she heard Shuri shout as her cheeks burned red and continued walking across the stage, smiling as the auditorium erupted in laughter.
He couldn’t help being angry as they rode the elevator back down after saying goodnight to their hosts. Not at Jo, he knew how much she hated the disorder.
she thought to herself. She looked away from the two of them, feeling her eyes get misty at the thought.
“It’s fine, not like Steve’s going anywhere anytime soon. Even with his job he’s still the safest safety man around.” Tony smiled at that, thinking about the man he’d chosen to love.
“I see better from a distance,” the man pouted, going so far as to cross his arms over his chest and make Daci stifle a giggle.
“Anthony! Where are you manners? I’m sorry mister medic, ignore my very rude friend who is clearly more concerned about getting laid than his friend he ALMOST KILLED!” the man said as he winced in pain as Sam finished up the bandages.
It was a few hours of a drive to his parents house, and Steve spent it resting his hand on Tony’s thigh as the Omega drove the three. The Alpha wasn’t sure why he was nervous, his parents were going to welcome Tony and Harley with open arms.
He shook his head fondly at one of his favorite people ever. She smiled back at him for another moment before addressing him more seriously.
Steve gently pushed Tony off his lap to hold the book again, wanting to look at the contents inside when a hand grabbed his collar and pulled him back to face the needy love of his life.
He opened the door and the woman he’d seen pictures of was standing there waiting. However, this woman was significantly older looking. Probably from all the years of hate.
“–What on earth is going on here?” she heard her Aunt Pepper’s voice behind her; she hadn’t even noticed Aunt Pepper and her entourage had walked into the scene – all wearing Stark Expo logos and badges on their arms. Usually her heels clicking were a dead giveaway.
“And you must be the famous Harley! If I didn’t know any better I’d think you were Steve’s secret love child.” Steve cringed at his Pop’s words, watching as the pup considered those words before pinching his face together. But before the boy could loudly say how wrong she was, Becca made her way over to the group..
“I don’t mind being a princess. I’m too old to trick or treat with friends, too young to party, so at least now I get candy if I go with the monsters,” Miles said with a smile.
She nodded before reaching up to plant a small kiss on his cheek. A little embarrassed, she quickly buried her head back into his chest, smiling when his chest rumbled with laughter.
.” The fathers stood in absolute astonishment, never hearing her use such a menacing threat against someone.
“I’m almost seventeen Peter! Is a year really going to make that much of a difference?” the child asked as Peter stared back at him in shock.
“And so you’re an idiot, because while you’re screaming about your personal agenda…your very very insecure husband hears you saying you’re… not a team.” She looked up, her beautiful green eyes connecting with his. “That you will always choose him. Even if that’s not what you are saying or what you mean. He hears you constantly reminding him that Bucky was the first love of your life. And he is second to that. Tell me…are you still in love with him?”
Leaving the three stooges for a weekend was a lot harder than he thought it’d be. After several tearful goodbyes, it was Steve who eventually pulled Tony away to head to the jet. And if anyone asked, it was one hundred percent saying goodbye to his babies and not the anxiety of spending a weekend alone with Steve that made the genius quieter than normal.
DUM-E rolled up to him with a glass of water, the ever helpful bot. He looked around his lab before taking the glass and downing it like he had the scotch.  His smartass remark he had prepared for the robot was quickly interrupted by the dizzy feeling followed by the quick collapse to the ground.
"This isn't over, Tony. I will see my son again," Tiberius said, his chin held up in confidence even though it wasn't evident in his eyes. Tony didn't answer, just smiled as he watched the Alpha storm out.
isn’t you,” Tony grumbled, still sporting a smile as he grabbed the magazine out of Steve’s hands. “You do look good with a mustache,” he added, wiggling his brows.
“Bad dream?” he asked with a kind smile. She nodded in response as he pulled her into a hug, wrapping her arms around the man that had been nothing but kind to her since they day they met. His love and comfort gave her the courage to confess her fear to him.
“I’m right here baby,” Tony said with misty eyes, rubbing his son’s back and feeling an incredible amount of love for his mate. He watched as his baby slowly brought his face out of Steve’s neck, blinking and turning to face the Omega. “How are you feeling bambino?”
And there they were: two of his most favorite people on the planet. His most favorite squealing when he saw him.
“But…but you’re all sweaty,” Tony said with a frown. His husband laughed and proceeded to kneel before the man, resting his hands on Tony’s knees.
“Of course I want to be with you,” James suddenly said in a more serious tone, like the very thought offended the older teen. “Clint...I love you. More than I thought was possible to love someone. I don’t care what happened in your past. I mean...I care that it still affects you today. But...that’s why I’m here. It’s why I brought him,” he finished with a smile, pointing to the fluffball in Clint’s arms. “And I get it...you know if you really don’t want to be with me...I don’t know if I remind you of someone or maybe I’m just a monumental screw up. But...regardless, I love you and want to help.”
“No, it’s...he doesn’t understand. Those two all day every day...I don’t think I can handle another.”
Tony felt his eyes get misty as he absorbed those words. Especially since...he pretty much feels the exact same way about Steve.
“Agreed,” Steve said with a sigh. They turned when they heard Joey join them a moment later, running her hands through her wet hair and accepting the cup Steve handed her.
That was something he’d come to love about Tony as a father. When one of the babies was hurt, he often times gave that one extra attention. While still showing the others love and affection. It hurt whenever Tony doubted his parenting abilities just because of his horrible father.
“What? I want chocolate! Daci let me help,” Peter said, suddenly up off the ground and grabbing empty mugs. Tony just laughed as he sat on the couch, balancing both babies on his lap while Daci finished collecting all the dirty napkins and empty plates. “I can take those if you want,” Peter said, suddenly appearing by her side and genuinely startling her.
“Hey babe, you know I can pay people to do that, right?” he asked, smiling as he leaned against the door frame.
“We could do a video call, if you’d prefer,” came Steve’s suggestion. “We’re happy to sit here and talk about it until you feel better, okay?”
“Lil, you can be Pocahontas if you want to! I’m sure your Aunt Emerson wouldn’t mind,” Peter said with a hopeful smile to his sister.
Honestly, it was detention that got her thinking. If Mr. Jefferson wasn’t such a colossal dick, she would’ve gone straight to May’s. And…it didn’t help that she’d spent the whole week babysitting her adorably annoying little brother.
“Your Pop and I talked about taking you guys on vacation after I’m done recovering. Like Disney world or somewhere fun after all the shit we’ve been going through.” She found herself smiling at that, still unable to look up at the men.
“You’ve gotta be kidding me,” Tony pouted at the ceiling as Daci helped him finish cleaning the kitchen.
“Few years ago…” the teen mumbled, and Steve was getting the sense this guy didn’t brag about himself as often as everyone said he did. Or if he did, it was some kind of act.
They shared a glance and smiled at each other, both overwhelmed but currently at peace with all of this. They’d find out in a few hours what was actually going on.
“Hey,” he greeted before sitting near her. Which surprised her, since this sweet kid has been nothing but skittish around them. He hung his head as he continued speaking quietly, “so...Peter told me you were in the system?”
“But first you should also finish your drink, cause shit’s about to get real,” she said with a smile, the teen unable to hold back a genuine laugh at that. She nodded with a smile as she easily obliged the request. She let out a small burp after, smiling when May nodded with an impressive look on her face.
It was such a different feeling than when he’d considered this six years ago with Ty. Well, when Ty had still been an option. His ex wasn’t anywhere near perfect, but the fleeting feeling of not being alone to raise the pup had put hope in Tony’s heart. Of course, the Alpha had squashed that when he upped and moved to Europe.
Mrs. Jacobson and Ms. Lang approached the group quickly before the boy could really say anything in retaliation.
Knowing those two, they were probably canoodling and taking their sweet time doing so. Her stomach rumbled as she lazily searched the kitchen for the right ingredients. She was happy Steve was back, happier still that Tony had Steve back. Not that she hadn’t enjoyed the little sleepover, she was still getting accustomed to “good touch,” as Steve put it. She just always felt like it was a sign of weakness, seeking physical comfort. She had learned at a young age to fill that void in other ways; not bashing her foster family who gave hugs like they depended on it, but rather thoughtfully comparing what she thinks a healthy happy family is supposed to look like. These thoughts were interrupted as she heard footsteps approaching the kitchen.
“Fine. But only because you’ve never even been to a party. And have drank a total of …?” he asked, waiting for Steve to answer.
“And I am off to get our pup. You can punish me later,” Steve said with a smug smile, grabbing his jacket as he headed towards his brother in the ring. “Love you doll, I’ll text you when I have Harley with me, okay?”
He spent the last half an hour or so pretending to watch television, thrilled when he finally heard the familiar ding of the elevator doors. He shot up off of his couch and practically ran to the entranceway.
“You…read the situation right. I didn’t come down here to get free coffee or to try to lead you on or anything. I…” here he lost his words again. Why on Earth his brain couldn’t catch up to his heart was beyond frustrating.
“Oh Xavy he is freaking cute!” she said honestly, smiling at his tiny fingers and toes, before they were interrupted.
Like they hadn’t done everything in their power to make her feel welcome in their family? Into Tony’s rich-ass life?
“Joey, we talked about this,” his husband said gently. “You’re not in trouble anymore, but one of us has to tell your Dad what happened,” he finished sadly.
“Well, his loss is our gain,” Bucky said before turning to Steve. “I like him Steve, you should fuck him.” Steve’s entire face and neck blushed red in mortification.
Despite the circumstances, he found himself laughing a little. He would argue about driving, but he hadn’t slept well since they’d named a date for Rumlow’s trial. He knew Joey hadn’t slept great since
“Ack!” she squealed beneath him on the bed, which suddenly shifted as another weight was added on top of her.
,” the genius whispered out, obviously not having want to have said that out loud - if evidence by his suddenly rigid body and red ears.
“Why don’t you go to your room and give us some privacy?” he asked in a less demanding tone, moving to help her down off the counter. She begrudgingly obliged, shooting a look Tony’s way before hobbling out of the room.
“Seriously. You have ten million rooms, use any one of them children wouldn’t occupy,” Emerson added, moving to sit at the kitchen island.
“You’re a man of science, shouldn’t we at least test that hypothesis first?” his husband growled into his ear, before spinning Tony around and kissing him fiercely.
“Rogers,” Fury said quietly, waiting for Steve to look at him before continuing. “You’re one of the best medics out there, being gay doesn’t change that nor does it deserve any judgment from your coworkers. Although off the record, I am judging you for your choice in partners,” he finished with a smile, getting a laugh from the blonde.
A wave of gratitude washed over him as he settled his daughter in his arms before they drifted to sleep. She had been a savior not only with Peter but with their little family as a whole. He was truly blessed and hoped she felt the same. Not just because she could access resources under two rich superheroes, but because she felt she deserved the love and attention Tony and Steve gave her freely.
“CLINT!” Suzie screamed before opening the back door. “Come onnnnnnnnnnnn,” the little girl whined out before coming over and throwing herself on top of the two teens.
“Well, that’s very sweet Petey. But not everyone has step-parents. And I love that I get to share that day with Daddy, it just reminds me I’m your father too. Plus your Daddy is spoiled enough and needs to learn to share…” he teased. Pete laughed in the backseat, getting a chuckle from Steve as well.
Peter plopped himself down on the long stretch of couch to Em’s right, grabbing some blankets to make himself more comfy.
“Honey, cut her some slack,” the nicer one said sweetly, walking over to hug his heartbroken daughter.
“Thank you, Dr. Strange, for everything,” Steve said before heading back to the group, hugging Harley close to his chest.
“Yeah there’s good reason for that,” he said as he made his way around the couch to join her. As he was plopping next to her, they heard the elevator ding. They stole a glance at each other before they heard quick tiny footsteps and greeted the energized child.
“Great! He had just aced some exam to rank higher, or something. I don’t know, I wasn’t paying attention. How was school?”
And then, pushing through the crowd of students and teachers, was Tony. He smiled and waved when he saw her, walking over to her as she just stared back in shock.
“So,” she began interrupting his thoughts, “should we do some zone defense or man on man and work together to tackle this?” She moved to put her empty bowl in the sink, turning to her brother with her hands on her hips.
“Oh I am going to kill Barnes,” the blonde growled out, expression softening when the shorter teen took a step towards him.
“AH!” she yelped at a particularly hard swat to her upper thigh. His hands were even larger than her smaller self remembers, her entire backside quickly lighting up as his powerful swing never relented.
“Ah, so you eavesdropped on a piece of a conversation and twisted what your husband said to mean he’s leaving you?” Tony’s jaw dropped. It literally dropped.
“JARVIS literally told me about it when I stepped away to call Strange, so I asked him to compile the videos. Bucky if we had known we would’ve stepped in, we all love that kid,” Stark said gently, which threw him off more than his lover’s betrayal. Well not more, but still.
“Sucks not being the cute one anymore, huh?” Bucky teased their sister, who maturely stuck her tongue out at the Alpha.
“Do YOU want to sleep on the couch tonight?!” the genius squeaked out, trying to keep his glare but failing miserably. Steve opened his mouth to respond before the two were loudly ‘shushed’. They stared at each other for a confused moment before continuing walking and stopping at the entrance way to the living room.
Kimberly glared at her a moment longer before continuing. “That wasn’t your decision to make, Ashley,” the woman gritted out.
She also knew herself enough to know she wouldn’t be able to sit there and play nice, excusing herself from the table in favor of going to bed early again.
“Peter Pan!” the man shouted just as excitedly, throwing the three year old up in the air a few times. “Did you have a nice nap?”
“Uncle Bruce?” she asked as she gently squeezed his ankle. The scientist stirred a little, eyes blinking open before he jerked awake. “You’re okay Uncle Bruce.”
She hadn’t talked to Xavier since the mall, which did not help her anxiety since she didn’t have anyone to talk to the day of her Dad’s surgery.
. Talking to a stranger will be rough, but it’ll help. You remember what your Dad and I have told you, your job is your mental health. And as for thinking differently should the therapist not work…I promise there isn’t anything you could have done to make us love you any differently.” He heard her scoff at that, but did notice her move to wrap her arms around Steve’s bicep, content in not getting up.
“I thought I lost everything when I lost my Dad, but you lost your brother. I only had him for twelve years but he was your big brother for twenty six.” Steve’s laugh stopped her momentarily from saying anything else.
“Only if you take someone with you; I don’t need to worry about anyone else right now,” he said with an eyebrow raised.
“Jo…” he groaned out as pointy knees and elbows stabbed him. Just as she got settled, the doorbell rang and she scrambled off him to go answer it.
“We have to break up,” Clint choked out, burying his face in his arms, not able to handle this actually ending. James had been the best thing that had ever happened to him.
“Who’s to say it can’t bite both of us?” the other teen voices, eyes fixated on the spider. Miles’ brows furrowed in confusion.
“I can keep holding this one for a few more minutes. Why don’t you go get something to eat before your Mom gets home?” Tony took a moment to look at the two a moment longer, his Dad who was rarely affectionate smiling and holding his sleeping son. Now aware he was partially being selfish, in that the grandfather loved holding his grandson.
“I heard you had an evaluation today, how did you fair?” Thor asked as he sat down on the couch next to Peter.
"Pop gave me permission to do anything necessary when it came to you, specifically, and that means using my super strength to force this down your throat. So, what's it gonna be
It took him a moment to find it, clearing his thick blonde hair to find the one that was a slightly different color.
“Thank you Howard,” Steve said instantly, meaning every word as he kept his father in law’s gaze to drive his point home. The older Alpha gave a small smile in return before turning around, heading towards Maria to switch places with Pepper. “It’s going to be okay, Harley. I promise.”
“Dad never really talked about his father…but his friend Gabe told me about the man that hurt him and Pop. That’s when not wanting Barnes made more sense. So…for a while there I was kind of waiting for Steve to adopt me, wondering what was taking him so long to give me Rogers. And…I kinda got hooked on the idea of Rogers. Then Pop said he was dropping Rogers after you guys got married and I…it all just felt like too much change. Does that make any sense?” she asked the billionaire.
Bruce was holding a small flashlight to Emerson’s eyes, the teen sitting on the counter slightly shaking one of her dangling legs; she was covered in several bandages. In a chair off to the side, sat a familiar figure bent over himself. Peter was in sweats and had his arms wrapped around his bent legs, head down.
He parked his car outside of the school, stepping out and looking for a mini-Tony amongst a crowd of tiny kids.
Steve, in his thirty years of living, has never left Bucky’s shadow. He hesitated adopting her in the beginning, not wanting her to think he was trying to replace his brother. He never ended up doing it, thinking he never measured up to Bucky as a parent. Always introduced himself as her uncle, though he always internally thought of her as his kid.
“–No!” she said, drawing back and protectively wrapping her arms around herself. Steve sat back and glared at her a little as she glared right back.
“So, I don’t remember seeing anyone new on the news. Who’s the mystery guy? A mutant?” Rhodey asked with his arms crossed and leaning back against the counter.
“Yeah, try and tell me with a straight face you don’t love this kid,” his brother said with a laugh as he then gently shushed the shark-monster. He couldn’t help but smile at his niece, who of course he loved dearly, but damn was she being extra bratty these last few weeks.
The very cunt who Harley eventually confessed hit him. The reason Tony finally ended things with her. The woman who hurt their pup so much he had been skeptical of Steve since the day they met.
“His girlfriend made him do it,” Steve answered with a huff, confusing the genius a little. They hadn’t even met the woman yet, and other than taking some time away from his daughter, he wasn’t sure why Steve was so against their union. Bucky didn’t seem to notice, however, just a bashful smile as he ran his hand through his short hair.
“I know, bud. He said he’ll be home for dinner and wishes he could pick you up himself. He also told me to make you chicken noodle soup and watch whatever movie you wanted until he got home.” Steve hoped that would at least get a smile from the pup, but he just frowned in the rearview mirror.
“Oh don’t worry, I am not holding it together,” he said truthfully – smiling at the way she laughed and shook in his embrace. “But having you here helps.”
And what the hell could Tony say to that? Nothing, is what he could say. Because the next instant he grabbed the sexy naked man by his face and brought him down to kiss him senseless. Goddamn, how Tony had gotten that completely wrong.
"Takes after his Momma," Steve teased back, kissing his grandson before he reached out for his squealing granddaughter.
,” she said bitterly, arms protectively wrapping around her middle again. “One of them got my face though…”
,” she whispered back, a smile on her face as she helped the blonde follow the others to the kitchen.
Tony laughed fondly when he heard his husband scoff at his tactics, watching the two teens blush red without looking at each other.
that,” she said as they got off the ride. Peter threw his hands up, yawning as he wanted to be picked up by his dad. His attention taken, he noted he’d respond to her later; while his back ached at the prospect.
“Come on,” Tony finally said, remaining mysterious as he got out and walked inside, not waiting for Steve to follow. The blonde did after a moment, looking around suspiciously as he followed the brunette up to his old room. The place hadn’t changed in the year and a half since he’s been inside, Steve momentarily wondering who was in charge of upkeep when they arrived at Tony’s room.
“I love you too,” Clint purred as he climbed onto Bucky’s lap, straddling his hips and wrapping his arms around the brunette’s neck. Buck ran his hands up and down Clint’s back, settling down on his hips and bringing their bodies smashed against each other. The blonde’s arms moved until he was cupping Bucky’s face, leaning over to whisper “I’m going to take such good care of you.”
“Nonsense, crazy pants. Those fuckers ruined it – and besides,” he stole a smile at Peter, “pretty sure your AI would rat me out to your daddies that I was here before even meeting them.” Wade took a step to Peter, leaning in for a kiss, which Peter delightfully returned.
Tony’s eyebrows raised, a teasing grin spreading across his face as he asked, “how long is a while?”
“We’ve got about three hours before we land and we only need two to suit up and debrief what you weren’t listening to Fury say,” the blonde said while he moved out of his seat in their private jet to squat in front of Tony.
“Woah, dude, just chill,” Clint said, helping him to a better sitting position. He heard footsteps approaching as his uncle said, “well well well, if it isn’t the red condom.” Peter looked up at that, seeing the masked man in red carrying his unconscious sister over to Clint.
"Another round friends! I can share stories from my homeland that will keep this celebration going," the demigod boomed, helping change the subject.
“Come nap with me, Alpha,” his beautiful, intelligent and caring mate said, taking the Alpha’s hand and leading them to their bedroom. They woke several hours later when his Pop had dinner ready, their six year old greeting them enthusiastically.
are not even superheroes twenty-four seven. We're just on call for the big stuff. Your Dad runs Stark Industries and helps me run the Sarah Rogers Foundation. And we also visit children's hospitals and host fundraisers. You will run yourself ragged if you just patrol all day everyday."
"Yes," Emerson replied coolly. "An old friend messaged me a few days ago, her name is Jenny and we used to, well, we were there for each other in a dark time. And anyway, she messaged me that I have a little brother. He's five years old and his mother died a few months ago. She was...a friend to me and Jenny. Like a street mom," she added with a small smile. She took another breath before continuing.
“That doesn’t sound like you weren’t good enough, Pete. Sounds like…he loved you too much to drag you in to his shit,” Steve said honestly as he rubbed his son’s placid arm, hoping he was really listening. He seemed to be, taking a moment to let that sink in before the father continued.
People around them screamed, but Daci was focused on Peter and making sure he was alright. Behind Peter she could see Steve sprinting towards them. Satisfied that he wasn’t injured, Daci stepped back and waited to be reprimanded. And sure enough, she could see her father right behind Steve.
Joe turned to Obie, addressing the man without acknowledging the other one, “take this man before I remove him.”
The thing was, this man may have been heavier than Steve, but the blonde had more inches and muscle tone. So Steve stared down at the man until he finally took a step back, still not letting Steve in to the house.
She took the train the following Saturday afternoon while both her dads were at work to meet with Carolyn. For lunch.
“HEY!” he heard a shout the could’ve been Joe or Steve, but it caused his father to stop in his tracks - which was currently with Tony’s collar in his tight fists. “If you wanna keep those hands, I suggest you remove them from that boy.” Okay, that was definitely Joe.
When he and his Dads had talked about it before, they had explained that Peter needed to let them talk to her. We need to show her that there are safe adults whose intention isn’t to hurt her. We’ll help her any way we can, Petey. He had to trust them, right? His Dads wouldn’t lie to them about something like this.
“I love you too, Alpha,” Tony cooed in reply, jumping a little when he felt someone else requiring his attention. “Oh, someone’s feeling left out of the love fest.” He grabbed one of Steve’s hands wrapped around their son to put over the place he had felt a kick.
Okay, now he was genuinely starting to worry. He held off on doing anything irrational, repeatedly telling himself she was probably fine. When three hours had passed, he called Tony. It immediately went to voicemail followed by a ping indicating a text message.
“Clint! Stahp!” she cried out, the older blonde stopping after a moment before putting her back on her feet.
The rest of the day dragged on slowly, her anxiety increasing with each passing hour. She cursed her friend Xavier for being out sick today, she could use someone in her corner.
"No...but I like the historical approach...What about, Maximus? Max for short?" she said as she saw his eyes light up.
“Well, regardless, I think you might’ve effectively gotten rid of our pest problem,” Tony said with a smile as he released the teen.
“Sweetheart, I’m not doubting your ability but this is adult stuff you just don’t understand yet,” Clint replied in a voice that didn’t sound like his own. He didn’t seem to mind Daci shifting off his lap and away from him, just kept staring at his hands on his lap.
It reminded her of when she was little and sick and her Dad would stay home to make her feel better. She always ended up with her head in his lap while he stroked her hair as they watched cartoons together. Poor Steve, one time her Dad had to work so he stayed with her. She was so sick, she was throwing up everywhere and had horrible diarrhea. The memory made her laugh as she felt Steve stop petting her for a moment.
“Harley, baby...that was your birth father,” Tony answered after a moment, holding his breath as he watched his son’s face scrunch up in confusion.
“Not that I in any way want to stop you…” Tony said with a smile, “but what exactly are you doing there, hot stuff?”
“S’not like you did anything wrong,” Clint said just quietly, taking a break from making shadow puppets. Bucky decided to step up, using both hands to make an elephant.
“No, wait,” the blonde said, pulling Bucky back down by his shirt. “I can do this.” The brunette couldn’t help frowning when Clint kissed him, able to feel the smaller teen trembling below him. He was forcing himself because he thought it’s what Bucky wanted.
“Alright, I’m going to go shower and when I come back I’ll make us some hot chocolate,” Steve said before walking towards his bedroom, not waiting for the man’s response as he made his way to clean himself up. There weren’t any loud objections, so he decided to take a quick shower, wondering when Tony would be done talking to Peter before the boy fell asleep.
“Did you have fun?” Steve asked as he shifted on the couch to face her fully, placing his drawing pad on the coffee table next to him.
"Stinky like a skunk?" Peter questioned loudly and pointedly at his fathers. The two men just look confused back at their eldest.
He smirked as he watched the two teens walked triumphantly out of his lab, still in slight disbelief. They got swindled, hard, by the newest addition to the family. Not that he minded it, really. He turned to his husband before the blonde finally broke the silence.
“I’ll miss you too, Father,” Harley said, hugging the Alpha before turning back to beam at Tony. The Omega offered him a smile before shooting his ex a glare.
“You won’t like mine…so I wanna hear yours,” he tried again, smiling as his husband shook his head fondly.
With a hand wave, Bucky led the two into what appeared to be the control room, assessing there were four others to take down in addition to her. He looked over at his oldest friend, who nodded before kicking the door down in one motion. Bucky raised his gun, the two making quick work of the other agents before leaving the blonde liar for last.
Steve started moving his hands up the brunette’s legs and down around his thighs to fully grab his ass. He then yanked the smaller man towards him, a yelp escaping the genius’ lips. His body slid on the couch and practically onto the floor. Except he didn’t fully fall, because the smug bastard had a hold of the back of his knees as he loomed over the brunette with a sneaky grin.
“-Hey!” James interrupted him, sitting up on his elbows and glaring. “You want your ass kicked? Cause anyone who talks shit about my boyfriend gets there ass kicked.” Clint couldn’t help smiling at that, rolling his eyes fondly as he moved to sit next to him again.
After the ceremony she quickly found her family, the love of her life running to her; kissing her before swinging her around in her arms saying "you did it baby!" She was a little dizzy when she was finally put down, kissing her love once more before turning to her brother who had also ran to the new college graduate.
Luckily the vomiting didn’t last long and he was able to get ready for school. No need to raise suspicions and stay home, the challenge was to get to school without talking to anyone.
' into his chest. Warmth surged through him, inspiring him to begin a speech about how proud he was and how much he loved him...
“Okay, you wanna take lead again? Since you’re so good at it?” the blonde teased with a smile at the love of his life.
He was skeptical, to say the least, every day leading up Saturday. He waited for Wade to tell him it was all a joke, preferably in quiet rather than doing something humiliating like telling him in front of the entire school. But he never did. Just offered small smiles in the hallway as they passed each other. He wasn’t even going to bother getting a tux until he was confronted about it by his new sister.
“-Please Mrs. Rhodes, I know Howard is a powerful man but there must be someone we can call?” he pleaded, not wanting to get into the middle of this explosive conversation, but not wanting to witness it either. There was a pregnant pause as the mother and son shared a look before the woman took a deep breath.
“I can’t believe I didn’t see this. Why didn’t you guys show me the footage earlier?” he asked the room, not looking up from his lap as traitorous tears prickled his eyes.
“Yeah, that resolved a lot faster than I thought it would, I was about to butter him up with promises of candy.” His husband laughed fondly, rolling his eyes before curling up more freely around Tony –still mindful of his healing heart.
“You sure baby? I could sit next to you while you play,” Tony said before turning to Bucky and Clint, who they’d met before. “Hey guys, good to see you too.”
HYDRA training her to…” Steve watched as his oldest friend took a deep, shaky breath. “They were preparing her to...seduce world leaders before killing them. And earlier...I wasn’t in the room but she apparently ‘showed Clint’ what HYDRA taught her.”
“Wait, Jo!” they heard their mom yell as a naked and mostly dry toddler zoomed in to join them in the living room. The guys pulled away from each other as they watched the little girl run in circles around them.
“You’re right, Kimberly, you didn’t sell me. But you did abandon me…for something I felt was right at six... And up until a year ago I had to suffer getting beaten, raped, starved, burned, whipped…passed around for years because you were too fucking stupid at seventeen and whoring yourself around to have an abortion.”
Even Tony wasn't complaining, the man having been known to whine on family hikes and protest against most physical activities. Instead he was running along with Miles as the two raced to the fence they suddenly saw around some tall bushes. An enormous herd of sheep made their way to greet them at the opening to the fence, Steve laughing at how excited the rest of his family suddenly got at seeing animals they could pet. His other two children quickly joined their father and little brother, who had slipped inside the gate to touch the animals. Miles was adorably outnumbered as Tony quickly pulled him up onto his hip, laughing along with the boy as the sheep focused their attention on his shiny shoes.
“Hi there, I’m Steve,” he said, returning the smile. Her eyes widened before she screamed in excitement and jumped up and down.
Steve couldn’t help the snort of laughter, nor the subsequent full on bellowing at the purely astonished face his big brother was sporting.
“I was supposed to spend the night at a friend’s and I think he got overwhelmed being alone,” she said with her eyes now covered by her hands. Steve blushed before finishing getting dressed.
“Pete?” he still asked skeptically as he turned back to Tony in bewilderment. It was then that Barnes and Bruce made their presence known, stepping into the hallway to greet the family currently their correct age.
The toddler let out a growl, curling her little hands into what he assumed were monster claws as she roared at him.
“Uncle Clint I need to use the potty,” Peter said just as Morgan began to get fussy in Clint’s arms.
Her mind raced as the four men veered down at her, speaking another language as they started wringing their hands in excitement. One of the men stepped closer to her, smiling smugly as he eyed her up and down. She couldn't help it, she started trembling in fear.
For once she didn’t complain, enjoying the quick and silent ride. She thanked him when he pulled up to stop, getting up and staring in awe at the Stark Tower.
“We’re okay, Petey-pie,” Steve said in reassurance, joining his husband and son to wrap his arms around both while planting a kiss on the younger brunette’s head. He held them in his embrace for another moment before he heard his best friend cough loudly from the couch.
“I thought you hated weed?” Clint asked quietly. The handsome teen looked back at him curiously, a small smile on his face.
“Could I...go show Clint this?” Daci asked to no one in particular, working on retrieving the various arrows. Tony looked over at Steve, who smiled and shrugged back at the man.
“Excuse you, they are at their Grandaddy’s. You have no say, Bambi,” his Dad said before sticking his tongue out, like the mature adult he was.
“I don’t care that you’re not blood. Everyone else does, but I don’t!” she said before hiccupping up more tears.
"Everything okay baby?" the man asked with concern. Peter felt a little foolish, smiling at him before nodding to the man. He moved to help him grab spoons and napkins, followed the man who held his heart to take care of his family - secretly glad for the distraction.
The rest of the class stared in awed confusion at the celebrity while Joey wished she was invisible – cringing when the man made his way to join them in the hallway. Mr. Jefferson closed the door behind him so the other students couldn’t listen in.
“Honeybear?” Tony asked, getting up and following his boys to hug the man. “Why didn’t you tell me you were in New York? And how long do we have you for?”
Steve pulled away at that, noting the frown on his love’s face before he quickly answered the question.
“I thought you had to work,” Steve said as he moved to take off his pants. He left his t-shirt and boxers on before he made his way over to his love, climbing in bed next to him.
Tony's heart broke a little more before he smiled at the love of his life, knowing how to make his man feel better.
A few minutes later Tony and Steve made their way back into the living room, both dressed in nice suits.
Both Tony and Steve were looking at her with their faces scrunched up, either from shock or frustration, probably both. Tony was the first to speak.
“We’d better get going to the kitchen,” he said with a smile. “Peter may have already eaten all the cool whip by now.” Hearing her laugh, so damn carefree and innocent, warmed Steve’s heart as the two made their way to the kitchen.
“I said hang out not bottle feed,” he teased with a wink as he climbed off her bed and started walking out her door. She gawked at him as he left without saying anything else…seriously…
"You're such a sap. Don't forget about your adult presents you still need to open. I'll even let you pick one to use tonight after our pups are asleep," Tony said with wiggly brows, teasing the Alpha who mock glared back at him.
“Steve! You made it! So who lost the rock-paper-scissors game?” Stark asked, looking at Steve but throwing a nod to Buck. Steve immediately turned and pointed at Buck, as if just saying his name wasn’t simple enough.
“I expect you to behave yourself,” the exasperated woman said as she offered Steve another apology. “Can I show you gentleman to the door before a harassment lawsuit gets filed?”
“Who happen to be highly skilled, tech-savvy individuals with connections across the globe,” his Dad retorted.
Steve brought them breakfast, which the brunette noted had chocolate syrup smiley faces with whip cream and sprinkles on the pancakes. He smiled brightly and thanked his husband after Joey shifted to sit next to him. He also noticed his husband had a little whip cream on his pancakes, though there was mostly fresh fruit on his plate.
They walked into their library to find Miles wielding an axe, Thor using Mjolnir to demonstrate proper swinging technique.
"She's being modest for once, she was recently promoted to partner," Helen piped in before placing a kiss on her cheek.
“Aw, Morgan are you teasing your Daddy?” Steve asked with hands on his hips as he took a few more steps in until he was standing over Tony. Morgan babbled in response.
And then, well, then it was easy to forget whatever it was that was bothering him. He was just here and now, jumping and laughing in the waves with his husband. His sexy, gorgeous husband who lifted Tony out of the water only to bring him down to kiss him. After they had their fill of splashing each other, they walked out of the water hand in hand. That is, until Steve let go in favor of tickling him. Tony tried to wiggle away from his husband's hold, but Steve had him wrapped tight.
“– No Pop. Are you still in love with him?” He stared incredulously at her. Was that really what Tony was thinking? That I’d choose Bucky over him?
things so you can build a robot, right?" he asked, continuing when the boy nodded in response. "And you probably want to build a robot to build something that can't die, can't leave you...right?" he asked, looking into dark chocolate eyes that seemed to connect with his as the sweet boy nodded. Like they understood each other in that moment. Tony quickly pulled the boy back into his hug.
She was going to get safe and out of the way so Spiderman could investigate. He ran to a nearby alley to quickly shuck his outer layers, pulling his mask on quickly when he heard the shouts escalate to threats. He swung to the rooftop to get a better look from up top, noting with relief that the pedestrians nearby had started to disperse and move away from the altercation.
Thoughts of not rushing this flew through his head before exiting his ears. He didn’t even text him a heads up, just running up the flight of stairs to knock on the blonde’s door.
He sat waiting for her on the couch, sprawled out comfortably as he swiped across his tablet, playing a game Peter had got him hooked on. He was wearing his reading glasses with the TV on in the background, still dressed in his work clothes sans shoes and jacket. A moment later, the elevators dinged and Joey walked in. Though she threw a small smile in his direction, she still hesitated in the entranceway before coming closer.
“What? That’s not how it works!” Peter said in offense before he looked toward his Pops. The man just shrugged his shoulders and smiled fondly as Peter rolled his eyes.
“Thank you, let me tell them first then I’ll follow you,” Steve said, turning to inform his kids. He walked up as Sam was throwing a tantrum – how he was losing this early in a children’s game Steve didn’t know.
It was close to ten o’clock at night when they finally made it back home. JARVIS had reassured the two on the way back that nothing had set fire and everyone had been fed and put to bed.
Clint stared at him for a moment, blinking back tears as all the words he wanted to say floated across his mind. But before he could verbalize any, Lucky yipped and wiggled around in his arms. The two teens chuckled as Clint gently put him down.
“FAST GIRL!” Hulk exclaimed, before taking off to enter the room. Bucky couldn’t see inside yet, taking out more men as he tried to make his way over. But then everything was quiet as Hulk’s form came flying back. The Avengers momentarily froze when Hulk flew through two walls before resuming kicking ass. Bucky took the last few steps free from henchmen who were knocked out by a flying Hulk.
“Oh, I see so you’re confident when you’re belittling a teenager, but face to face with a man and cat’s suddenly got your tongue?” Joey couldn’t help chuckling next to him. “Oh, sorry,
It was getting to the point that he felt the need to walk on eggshells around the blonde. Some days Clint was his normal goofy self, the two of them doing playful pranks on each other. Changing Bucky’s ringtone to “Barbie Girl”, stuffing Clint’s locker full of packing peanuts, taking turns pulling the chair out whenever one goes to sit down.
“Hey Em, think you can handle keeping these fools in line for me? I’m going to go grab a quick nap with your brother.” She stopped making a mess as she smiled at him.
“Yup, and you’re going to Ruth’s after a doctor clears you and you’re staying there until they come back.”
"He's about the same age I was when I received my first sword," Thor said in defense, confused by their anger.
“That you’d kick their asses? Yeah, I would’ve loved to have seen it,” Steve said with a smile as Joey hugged Simba close.
The genius, who had checked out about thirty seconds prior working on armor updates, looked quizzically up at his husband before placing his tablet at his side. Steve’s face morphed into a smile as he looked down at his husband.
“What do you think, Petey? Does calling her Aunt May live up to your family standards?” Jo asked teasingly at the boy.
“My granny died when I was four, I think you’ve got the wrong girl,” she said as she turned to walk away from this woman.
“Pretty sure he just started his afternoon nap, so you’re safe. Also I thought FuckFace McNoStones was supposed to take the pup?”
Even when the pizza arrived and Steve let everyone eat in the living room, she stayed disengaged until she felt a tap on her shoulder. She turned, blinking in surprise when she saw her Tati moving to sit next to her, unaware that he had even moved.
“Mama...does Dad still have the pictures of him and Uncle Frank being drunk and setting the yacht on fire?” Tony asked just as the smile fell off the woman’s face.
“Buck…” he began to whine, even though he had complied and was currently leaning against the counter.
“Will you help me talk to her? Maybe explain sometimes the people that are supposed to love you just…don’t?” he asked, wincing a little at the implication. They both knew he was talking about Howard and Steve just always felt bad even mentioning him.
“Alright war hero! How about you go lay your old broken ass down now?” Clint barked out in question, completely mortified at his older brother. The bastard stood there silently for another obnoxious moment before finally leaving the two alone.
An idea started to roll in her head, but before she could think further her father was hugging her and kissing her on the top of her head before following the others towards the elevator.
“Huh, well I have one of my own,” Steve said before grabbing the pup under his arms and lifting him up before gently placing him on his back. He pinned him down...before mercilessly tickling the six year old. “Start counting ref!”
…while I explain in detail to you two what firing looks like and what having a scorching reputation will do so early in your career…” she felt scolded even though her aunt’s ire wasn’t directed at her. She was that good. Tweedlee quickly did her one job and Emerson was already running down the hallway to find her stupid family.
“Just put it on her,” Steve said in frustration, wishing not for the first time there was a little piece and quiet in his own home.
“Can Xavy and I eat in the living room? Away from mister inappropriate over here?” Joey asked pointedly.
“NO!” Peter yelled interrupting his uncle. The man looked down at him in suspicion, eyeing him a moment longer before cocking his head to the side – slowly glaring at the masked teen, taking a moment to look at Emerson before looking back at Peter. Faster than his reflexes could stop him, his uncle reached over and pulled of the mask the rest of the way off his face.
"The vibranium is on route out off the continent, how are the men doing with the diversion?" Klaue asked as Emerson felt her insides coil.
The two guys were instantly cheering for her. Steve couldn’t help himself, he brought her into a hug and kissed her cheeks a few times for good measure.
“Buck, calm down and lower your voice. The kids are asleep. And to answer your question - no, I didn’t have anything to do with this. Even if I didn’t approve of your relationship.”
I hired the best damn legal team New York can offer!” his voice raising in the end. “Pretty sure that makes me fucking powerful enough to remove an abusive, psychotic asshole off this continent!”
The super soldier stood up before reaching down to grab his husband's hand, pulling him to stand up alongside him. The blonde then gently pushed the brunette in the general direction of their bedroom until their youngest added, "don't be too hard on him Papa!" The two fathers practically keeled over in laughter before continuing on their way.
“Don’t worry cub. Vi took care of everything. And, she’s coming over for dinner and we’re going to watch a movie together. Just the three of us.” She was glad her face was hidden in his chest so he couldn’t see her grimace at the news.
“He’ll pull through, Steve,” his husband’s oldest friend whispered in assurance. He only nodded, mouth now full of an amazing apple fritter. The sounds of Sam and Emerson laughing sounded like it was somehow much farther away.
Before Steve could ask a follow up, the tiny super soldier did a back flip that ended in a handstand. It earned a well deserved applause from everyone else, whose attention had turned to the little acrobat.
“There was an altercation earlier in regards to your personal life. Let me say right now for the record, I don’t give two shits what you do outside of work as long as it doesn’t negatively reflect our city.” Steve cast his eyes downward, waiting for the other to shoe to drop.
She had made friends with one of her Dad’s coworkers, an eighteen year old that had just started in construction. He was super chill and nice and hung out with her sometimes while Dad was at work and Steve was away in art school.
When he got to work the next morning, it’s like he could feel like something was wrong. The air around the station felt tense and his gut told him not to go in. He did anyway, cause it’s his freaking job and maybe it was something else.
“No I…I just called to assure you there wasn’t any need to apologize, Mr. Stark,” he clenched his fists and wondered if punching himself in the face would be heard clearly over the phone.
“Tiny tattoos! Each other’s names on our ring fingers,” he said as he again pulled his hand out in front of his husband’s face. “So everyone will know who I belong to…” he added before quickly snuggling back on Steve’s shoulder.
Or maybe she'd been watching too many Disney movies lately. Either way she did not enjoy the long flight over, glad when her Dad finally announced they were landing soon. She looked out the window and was wonderfully distracted by the scenery.
“I want him to be happy,” she said simply, kicking her legs a little in anxiety. “And I don’t think he is.”
“Yeah and you’re stuck with us now, little bunny!” Tony added, smiling at the groan his daughter, his daughter, offered in reply. He turned back to his husband, who was smiling back at him.
“Tony,” she began “I need you to hear me. I know you’re drunk but I need your one hundred percent participation and attention in this, okay?” She waited for his small nod before continuing, their eye contact never breaking.
“I’ll ask Leo, your both being called to duty,” Em said with a smile as the two men reluctantly joined their toddlers in the pool. She watched them for a moment, smiling at her ridiculous family as Leo made his way back around the pool and sat next to her. “Hey Leo, do you need any floaties or a life jacket?”
“Okay, well. What about beating me with your belt?” the expression morphed from scared to sad as he replied, “no, I would never-“
A small, teeny tiny voice in the back of his mind asked if he was being rational, but a much louder and more viscous voice demanded retribution and revenge.
,” Bucky rushed out the last words just as Steve was turning around, almost causing him to spill the cups. He was able to successfully place both on the counter, however, Bucky’s plain hot chocolate while Steve's had all the fixins. He watched with a smile as his oldest friend looked skeptically between the two drinks before cautiously taking a sip of his own.
He felt his heart pang in his chest, frowning at her also shedding tears thinking of Bucky. Steve reached his arms out to her invitingly, having an idea that would help the two out.
Hair tangled and hanging in her face, with an imprint on her cheek from the outline of Tony’s watch, she made eye contact with Steve before smiling brightly at him. He returned the smile before tucking some of her tangles behind her ear and away from her eyes.
can protect you. ‘Captain’s daughter getting an MIP’ is pretty fucking good ammunition to get you fired.”
She smiled and felt warm all over as her Tati carefully scratched her scalp and spread the shampoo throughout her hair.
“He...he apparently has moved back to take over his father’s company. And yes, Harley, he does want to meet you,” Tony said, eyes still on Steve who deflated from the statement.
Wade quickly returned the embrace before standing up, the two a little scared as Wade rocked the boy back and forth in his arms and shushed him gently. Peter moved to rub the boy's back, wondering if they should head back to the Tower early. It would mean cutting their day short, but they'd already eaten ice cream and visited a museum - so its not like it would make this a bad day.
He sat quietly in his dads’ private jet on the way back from Arizona. A few days after his Dad was released and against doctor’s orders – the family of four made a weekend trip to the state. There they purchased flowers and visited Emerson’s sister’s grave. They surprised him and his sister with an official tombstone they helped place in the grass. Emerson cried the entire time, sometimes smiling and sometimes openly sobbing. She eventually asked for a moment alone, after hugging each of them a few times. His dads held hands as Peter walked a little behind them back to the rental car.
“Nobody panic,” her father said, with clear panic in his eyes. It was also at that moment that Harley began crying as the tower shook slightly.
“- Wait I...I hurt Clint!” Daci suddenly cried in horror, twisting around to try and look at the archer. But since he was still unconscious and had dried blood on his cheeks, Bucky kept her from seeing that.
“No, no no no” Steve reassured her as he quickly wrapped his arms around her middle and brought her back into his lap.
“Those are tigers. Their stripes help them hide from their prey so they can sneak up on them. They’re also one of the few cats who swim.” She let go of Clint’s hand to put both of hers on the glass, mesmerized at the sight of the tiger yawning and showing its big teeth.
When she had passed out in his arms in her bathroom, Tony felt a mixed rush of emotions. While he was thrilled to get to hold the teen close like this, the circumstances weren’t…the preferred method. After Steve cleaned the wound, he instinctually pulled her into his arms, following the blonde into the living room where his husband almost had a full meltdown.
“Oh that’d be fun!” she said in agreement, laying on her stomach next to him and reaching over for a pillow. He obliged, handing her one of Tony’s, smiling when she smelled it as she settled it under head comfortably.
“What time do you want us there, babe?” Steve asked, suddenly aware of the slip of the nickname, neither having said such an endearment to each other. Tony’s eyes widened like Steve’s as they looked at each other, a smile spreading across the brunette’s face in glee.
Emerson fell asleep in his lap on the plane ride home, mostly because the genius had forced her to and she eventually gave up and fell asleep. Steve was putting Miles to bed as Peter nodded off in his chair, the blonde tucking a blanket around him as well before he made his way back to his husband.
He didn’t verbally answer, but his big smile at watching the two guys juggle the twins kind of answered her question for him. The toddlers were both in their bathing suits, but were being fitted with floaties when Isaac toddled away fast enough to jump into the pool. Peter held Lilli back from doing the same as Wade quickly jumped in and pulled his giggling toddler up out of the water.
“Tony Stark, he was injured and I was brought here to see him…” she was losing the fight against unwanted tears.
"Please do not bring my children any more weapons," the genius said as he gave their friend a look. Thor smiled sheepishly as he shrugged his shoulder in response, clearly not promising anything. Steve guided the group back to the living room, unsurprisingly finding the two in their original position.
“Ack! Papa plea-aase!” she laughed out, holding onto him as he opened her car door. She stayed limp and laughing on his shoulder a moment longer before he helped her down to sit in the car. She quickly closed her door in embarrassment, buckling up as her Pop went to the driver’s side to join her.
“Daddy,” Tony corrected him, smiling when his father turned towards him with a quirked brow. “I’m going by Daddy. I figured I could pick my name if I’m doing both jobs,” he finished with a shrug before walking over to the two.
“My parents will be home this weekend. Also I’m not throwing a party just so you can make out with Rumlow.”
“Have him check you out. Here, at SI where no one has to know.” Tony frowned at that, still not liking that plan.
? Because you’re currently giving me several…” It was her turn to sit back in surprise, not initially believing he would actually go through with his threat.
"Then you're not the Tony Stark I know," his friend countered, continuing even when Tony looked back at him offended. "Cause the Tony I know said
“How’s that possi...shit,” Stark grumbled as he grabbed his nearest tablet and started typing furiously.
“Why would you buy this?” he asked as Tony settled on his lap, the blonde bringing the thing in front of them so they both could see it. In all it’s ridiculousness.
It was everything he dreamed of and more. And even though it felt bad to lie to his parents, he knew they’d understand once he told them. You know...when he felt ready.
Almost two months into their relationship, Tony noticed he was starting to feel funny. It was a familiar sense but he couldn’t quite put his finger on it. Until he woke up one morning nauseous.
"Not anymore you don't!" his love called with his back turned as he walked the laughing traitor with him. Tony grumbled before following, telling himself he was doing this for his girl. His girl who was probably going to break his hand.
His thoughts were interrupted when his phone buzzed, a call from an unknown number – with an area code he didn’t recognize. He stared at it, unsure if he wanted to answer. After a moment it went to voicemail and he looked a moment longer before picking up his phone to listen to the message.
“She insulted my dads, both of them,” she said as she faced him, looking more and more like Bucky as she got older.
"Dad!" Emerson shouted as she threw a pillow at him. He only laughed when he caught it; Peter, Emerson and their Pop collectively groaned as Peter saw his Pop gently shove his Dad off his lap and onto the couch next to him.
He pictures Bucky smacking the back of his head, like a light bulb going off as he thought of how his brother had told him once he’d make a great dad.
The lights were dimmed; it was spacious without being too empty. There was a long leather couch across from a comfy looking computer chair. She made her way to sit on the couch, not bothering to ask where she should sit.
,” Steve whispered to the man whose smell was more intoxicating than the alcohol he had been consuming. Or maybe it was a combination of both. “Thor, what was that eating contest you won when you were eight?”
“Morning beautiful,” Steve greeted the sleepy teen dragging herself to join Peter at the kitchen island, only getting a grunt in reply. He put the plate of waffles in front of her, earning a small smile from the girl.
“You know what this means, right?” Emerson looked confusingly at her brother’s question to their dads.
“Hey baby, did you tire out your Uncle Rhodey?” the Omega asked as a dark skinned Alpha quickly joined them.
“Hey, I would’ve guessed it when your husband came home and you acted funny with him. This way, we save time and cut past your bullshit,” Sourpatch said before taking what looked like a victory sip from his mug.
“And now?” Tony prodded carefully, still holding the Alpha’s hands in his. “Do you...do you want this?” The question had the blonde pulling his hand away before resting on the Omega’s cheek.
His tone was playful, but Tony could see the seriousness in his eyes. He could feel his words wash over him.
“They looked at me and saw…me. And they treat me like a fu–messed up fifteen year old should be treated, with kindness and respect,” she ended her little statement shooting a smile to the three, failing at hiding their amusement, sitting off to the side. Peter noticed his dads had grabbed each other’s hands.
“Oh wow that’s super cool! And excellent color choice, my friend. Give me a page, I wanna draw big meanie Nat with horns and a long tail,” Clint said with a sneer as Daci didn’t hold back the giggle that escaped her.
If anything, Steve was well educated in the medical field enough to calm down the frantic genius…but the thought of putting more on his plate because of Tony was…
“I mean…I still feel a little bit of emotional whiplash, but physically I feel great,” he said with a smile, turning back to his husband. The blonde, who looked equally exhausted, returned the smile before leaning over to kiss the brunette’s lips again.
Neither made it through the ceremony without tears, turning to see not many others in attendance had either. Except Peter, who looked happy but a little bored.
“Like…” Tony tried to explain, secretly not wanting him to know that phrase. “Like an out from this marriage...from being a dad and a husband and an Avenger.” There. He did the adult thing and explained it, now if Steve would just -
“Like you said, Obie. I’m a smart guy. Which means I did my research. I know your company is tanking in the stocks and I don’t need that kind of energy at my new company. Nor would I want you to betray me down the road and steal half of my staff,” Tony said as Steve joined him in standing while the blessed waiter came back with their bagged food. “You two enjoy your lunch.”
“Tony?” Steve squeaked out, still in somewhat disbelief. Tony...Tony was the one he had saved as a kid? The first (and apparently only) boy he kissed?
Tony pulled away first, smiling at the blonde before resting his head on his shoulder. Steve smiled as he hugged his husband – who he realized must be on his tippy toes to rest up there. He squatted a little to put his hands on the back of Tony’s upper thighs, gripping his ass as he quickly pulled him up off the ground.
Steve absorbed that information, feeling a little bit of emotional whiplash to realize the Omega he had a crush on didn’t just abandon him - but rather had a pup to take care of. A pup whose age suddenly confused Steve…
After everyone had left and her parents insisted she couldn’t help clean, she began making her way to her bedroom. Her brother stopped her on the way, silent as he enveloped her in a hug. She let go, smiling, not noticing the two adults had slipped behind her into her bedroom.
“Steven, a pleasure to meet you,” his Mama said, shaking the blonde’s hand with a fake smile before hugging Harley again.
He called her name after unlocking the door to the apartment, frowning when he didn’t hear anything in response. He calmly checked each room, looking around her room for any clues. She’d left her phone on the bed and had several unread messages and missed calls…he went to check the key rack – and sure enough found her keys missing.
“Uncle Bucky, it’s not her fault! I was just telling Papa that the man was trying to take me away! He said he was a friend of Daddy’s and he was going to take me to him. He grabbed my arm, and when he did, Daci stomped her foot and sent him flying! She saved me.”
"I look forward to fighting alongside you in battle! Sleep well my friends," Thor boomed out before taking another drink. She and her father waved at the others as they exit and she couldn't help but smile when Clint was waving back at her.
“Enough Miss Smith,” said the mediator, “we agreed to have this meeting under the preamble you would control your language.”
“Privileged means you have certain advantages in life. Like having a rich daddy, or still having both your parents, or even having an extra parent who loves you just as much as us. So yes, you’re privileged, but you’re not spoiled. Spoiled means you get whatever you want in life. Do you get everything you ask for?” he waited for Peter to shake his head again, brows furrowing as the boy took in his dad’s words.
“Um, actually...Honeybear, about that.” Tony said with a blush, walking over to Harley who was assembling some too-big-to-swallow legos. “Think you could watch them this weekend?” His oldest friend glared back at the genius with his hands on his hips. He opened his mouth to respond when they heard a surprise gasp coming from his eldest.
“I do,” he said pulling away, wrapping his arm around her shoulder and walking her to the bedroom. “I just wanted to tell you something,” he said, stopping them just outside the door.
“She’s my friend,” Peter explained, moving back so Steve could move her. The blonde gently lifted her up into his arms, following Peter who helped pull the covers back. The boy then scrambled off his bed and went to his toy box, throwing toys around until he found the one he was looking for. Steve gently removed her shoes and socks before pulling the blanket over her body.
It was getting to the point that Peter was actually having second thoughts. Wade tried to convince him they could do it, even suggesting the boy see a psychologist. But the doubts were still there, and hearing from his case worker that his father (who had just recently been released from prison) wanted to see the boy - did not make him feel any better.
"Oh damn she is gorgeous. She just screams regal. Okay, yeah...but you are still on her level and if you don't think so then you will by the end of my magic, okay?" she said with a smile as she parted off parts of Emerson's hair to donate to Locks of Love.
“I see why Coulson is interested but if he’s some sort of mutant and hasn’t even connected with Charles then,” his Pops stopped when he saw Peter had joined them, turning to mute the TV. “Hey Petey, how was hanging with Ned?”
“We already told Josephine neither of you are welcome back,” the shrewd woman he once though decent said.
“I love you too,” Clint whispered against his lips, wrapping his arms tightly around the taller teen. James eagerly returned the embrace, pressing kisses to the blonde’s cheeks and temple. “
“Anyway, your suit can wait. Why don’t we get off this plane, huh?” his Dad said – honestly a horrible actor. Peter suddenly remembered his Pop confessing they did something else for him. He excitedly followed his Dad off the plane to see what was waiting for him.
will be handling this, everyone," Pop said before drawing his hand back in protest - Emerson laughing at the realization that her father immaturely licked the super soldier's hand. The blonde rubbed his hand into the brunette's face, his goatee disgustingly glistening with the saliva as the group joined in amused laughter.
Those four words had the brunette retching away immediately, panic shooting up his spine at Clint possibly connecting the two.
“Duh,” she said to him before turning back to watch the tall hunk of man wipe some queso off his face and lick his finger.
"Butternut squash soup," he said with a smile as he grabbed a knife and started slicing off the bread. "How's it been dealing with sick children?" Peter smiled at him, knowing exactly who Wade was talking about.
He felt his phone vibrate throughout the night and opted to not check it, glad for the distraction as Sam continued explaining to him
“That dude’s hot Rogers, that is definitely a compliment,” Clint said nonchalantly as Nat nodded in agreement next to him.
“Sure! Do you mind helping me carry a plate?” She nodded yes and walked with him to the living room, trying to ignore the sounds of Harley and Peter screaming with laughter as they chased each other around the coffee table. She was still getting used to the noise and tried to focus on the delicious crepes instead of the screaming children.
"Fine, but between the two of us, you are clearly the attention whore," the blonde said as he let their kid go. She laughed again before she moved to hug her other father, Tony still glaring at his husband even as he wrapped his arms around his girl.
Steve rolled his eyes fondly when his husband practically squealed in delight and hugged their teen harder. He then tickled the boy in his lap for cheering along, smiling at his ridiculous family.
“Ow! Fine, alright, thank you both,” Miles grumbled before slipping out of the bathroom with a frown.
He was seething with rage, sitting on his bed and trying to control his breathing. Vi had just called to tell him that SHIELD had found out about the two and promptly fired her. He could feel his blood pulsing in his veins, and even though his mind felt a little fuzzy, he definitely had a one track mind right now. And that mission was to find whoever is responsible for hurting Vi’s feelings and making them pay.
“Depends, is this a one time thing or should I start slamming doors more often?” Buck asked with a smirk, taking the cup from her and immediately sipping on it. Cheryl sat next to him, swatting his thigh playfully as he couldn’t help smiling back at her.
He looked back at the teen who was cleaning her glasses off with her t-shirt and thought about his brother again. He got up to kiss her on the cheek, following his husband out of her room after they wished their daughter goodnight.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about! You have no idea what you’ve done. SHE made me happy, and you decided to take that away from me!”
He didn’t really receive a confirmation as Harley stayed quiet and watched his movie, but the fact he didn’t outwardly oppose the name made Steve a little more confident.
“I dreamt I lost both of them, Steve was in the car with Dad when…when…” she stopped, choking back tears as she buried her face in his chest. He shushed her gently and ran his hand up and down her back.
Steve’s smile grew bigger as he looked down at his oldest, still struggling to catch his breath. “You heard him kiddo, I’ve got at least a decade before that happens,” before proceeding to continue his attack.
She takes off her jacket and backpack, finishing with her shoes before she walked towards the sounds of her parents talking in the kitchen.
“So you like living with those ridiculous men?” she asked just as the rest of the ridiculous family entered the pool room.
"I don't think any superhero is all good, little bro. But no, Deadpool is definitely one of the good guys. Even if he's been known to cheat at Mario Kart," she finished with a smirk at Wade. Miles looked back and forth at Wade and Emerson, slowly connecting the dots. He got up and went over to sit on Wade's lap.
Well, as screwed as a millionaire could be - which meant his father paid his way out, with the agreement he would leave the country and never come back.
“Come here baby,” their mom said with a smile, picking the messy toddler up from behind Steve and placing her on her hip.
“Well...then I’m happy for you bambino. But I need to hear more about this young man. What does this Alpha do for a living?”
“But…” the pup said with tears in his eyes before looking down at the ground. “But I’m mean to you.”
He watched them watch him, sitting next to her and stealing a glance at Tony. The brunette brought his coffee to his lips as he watched Steve put the box on the table next to the donuts, both of them waiting for him to talk.
“Use the house phone!” his mom called back, getting a chuckle from the teens for every mom’s ability to eavesdrop. Rhodey led Steve to house phone, grabbing the cordless one and offering Steve the kitchen for privacy.
The pair came in together before the brunette made a bee line for the coffee pot. Steve turned to Emerson looking at her collection of ingredients, smiling at the bag of chocolate chips not-so-subtly left directly on the stove. Em followed his line of sight and smiled as well, pretending suddenly to have interest in the ceiling.
“You know, I actually can’t blame you. Rogers’ do seem to have their head on straighter. Maybe you can be a Rogers-Stark? Life gets too boring to not add some spice to it. This Rogers,” he said, pulling the blankets back on Steve to reveal him trying and failing not to laugh, “on the other hand is not an example I would like you to follow. Ask me later about Miami beach six years ago –”
Tony turned back to his husband with a bigger pout on his face, while the blonde simply raised his brows in challenge.
“Bedtime? I thought they weren’t your children...don’t you have parents?” Clint asked as he grabbed the fork and took a bite of the outstretched cake.
The meeting about the accords, did not go well, to say the very fucking least. His husband not only disagreed with him, loudly, but made it a point to remind Tony his ex and the planet would always come before Tony, before their kids. It infuriated the genius to no end. So it shouldn’t have surprised anyone when Tony took his private plane home early – alone – leaving Steve to fend for his damn self.
“You deserve worse than this...but getting my kid back is more important,” Bucky said his final words to her before using his hands to snap her neck, looking at the lifeless body for another second before turning back to Steve. “Let’s go.”
“What’s adekit mean?” Peter asked the two, seemingly unaware of them mock-glaring at each other as he continued coloring.
Tony took this opportunity to glare at his old friend, who had long since been unaffected by his angry face.
“Pop, while Dad is healing and waking up – can I take a quick walk outside? I need some fresh air,” she explained. Steve’s eyebrows furrowed as he considered it, thinking of a compromise. He smiled before responding to her.
"Of course you can!" he exclaimed as he dramatically fell back, still careful with an armful of Miles. "What else do you want, baby? Some toys? A puppy? An island of puppies? A pony? We can't even properly house a pony but I will get you one if you want you sweet, sweet boy." Tony laughed along with Miles, who knew his new dad was being a little silly.
"Oh honey you don't think you guys are American royalty? Besides, how beautiful can she be?" He watched as Emerson pulled her phone out to show the young hair dresser a picture of Shuri, as the woman comically winced at the photo.
“I promise, Peter. She said she was going to try to think of a way to make it up to you, so if you have any ideas – let me know.” Tony watched his son hum in thought before extracting himself from their embrace to stand up off the bed.
As luck would have it, he had the kid in his next class, where he’d shown up late thanks to Coach Coulson stopping him in the hall.
“I just…” the teen began, secretly loving how wonderful this felt as words tumbled freely from her mouth.
“Since about the second time I met your mom,” Tony admitted, looking somewhat guilty for keeping that secret from him. For that long. “She told me the story of when she knew you were gay and I was going to tell you! But then I thought I’d save it for the right time. Which is now, apparently, you ridiculous man.” Steve could do nothing but chuckle at the insult, blinking back happy tears.
“Alexandra, we call her Lexi. She’s in college on the other side of the country,” the older teen said. Clint turned back around and was pleased to see the brunette smiling back at him. “So,” Bucky continued, “are you going to tell me the real reason you’re here?”
“Alright, time for you two to go. I’m not taking any pictures, so save your selfies for the actual prom. Go away, don’t drink and drive, be safe yadda yadda yadda get out of here,” Barney said as he shoved a laughing Bucky off the couch.
“But you only make those during Christmas,” the genius pointed out, warily making his way to the cooling batch closest to him.
He gently lifted her up, placing a kiss on her cheek before laying her out on the carpet. She smiled back at him, lifting her legs up to make the process quicker. When he finished, he gently grabbed her and stood the two up, resting her on his hip after another quick kiss to her cheek.
Though, they had also been kind of weird the last few days, but he had chalked it up to a combination of jet lag and adjusting back to their routine. He had already scheduled the time off from Stark Industries, knowing he always needed a mini staycation after a long vacation.
Squeezing Wolf helped her a little bit with the shame she felt, but her father towering over her almost canceled it out.
touch it, Pops!” Steve hid his laugh with both hands covering his face while Tony just continued laughing openly, head thrown back.
So even though this would be the first time he would be meeting her face to face, he decided it would be short. No need to have a sit down when he could limit this to three minutes.
"Then what do you want princess?" the genius asked sincerely, smiling at the almost-adult. Her face scrunched up, indicating what she wanted wasn't something her parents would like.
“Anything the young Miss might require,” came the AI with the British accent. Alright maybe he’s kinda comforting.
“I have a right to meet him, Tony. Here, take my card. When you grow up and realize that pup deserves to meet his Alpha parent, call me,” Ty said as he handed Tony a card before finally walking away. The Omega took a second to collect himself, putting the card in his pocket before turning back to head towards his boys.
“She’s awake?” they heard from the front seat as the panel opened to reveal Sam driving the ambulance.
“What’s with all the questions? Huh? What, me and your Uncle Steve aren’t enough for ya?” he teased as he continued his assault. She squealed in laughter and continued trying to get away from his torturous hands.
“I’m here Emerson! Dear God in Heaven follow the sound of my voice!” That earned a few pillows tossed at the chuckling teenagers on their way out.
Steve couldn’t help laughing at that, warmth filling his chest at how absolutely ridiculous this man he loved was. Still finding a way to make him laugh when their shit bricks keep piling up…
Though he carried him like a Neanderthal, he laid the beautiful man gently on the blue sheets before attacking his mouth again. What proceeded to happen was hands down the best night of Steve’s life.
“Dada! Imma mons’er!” she growled at him. He smiled back at her as he leaned against the doorframe, crossing his arms before he responded.
“Alright kiddos, what should we start with?” Tony asked as he returned with blankets draping them over the other kids before settling himself down in his previous spot.
“I can do this all day,” he said to his step-son, who looked the same kind of manic he’d seen on Tony - it was a,
you liked me and wanted me to be happy?” Tony asked seriously, loving that the blonde immediately smiled and groaned back at him.
“Peter?” she asked quietly as he flicked the lights on, mouth gaped open. He quickly whirled around to look at his sister. They stared at each other for a moment longer before either spoke.
“Yeah,” Tony said with a smile and blush, wrapping his arms around his stomach and feeling butterflies whenever he thought of his Alpha. “You’re right.”
“I’m plating them you heathens, go actually sit down at the table,” he scolded them without turning around. She and her Dad shared a look before laughing again, walking over to wait at the table for ‘the artist’ to finish his masterpiece.
"Bring her over," Klaue said as they followed orders. She groaned in pain as they dragged her over to the man, sitting her in a chair with her hands still painfully tied behind her back.
“Okay. First of all Stane, don’t insult my godmother like that. She is twice the man you’ll ever be. Second of all, you are not getting your cowardly-failure hands anywhere near
He knew Ty was a higher class than he was, his parents coming from old money that vastly outdid Tony’s mother’s old money. Howard had come from humble beginnings, but married up when he’d asked for Maria’s hand in marriage and used some of her money to start his company.
apparently, by Asgardian standards, is simply carrying the individual to their destination) Their dads were still away on mission and she felt completely helpless to comfort him. He had locked himself in his room the minute they got home from school for three days, not even coming out for dinner.
She did a moment later, sitting down gently on the couch next to him. That had Tony sitting upright, since she normally plopped herself down enthusiastically on the cushions.
to a Thai restaurant. Steve chastised him for spending so much money, assuring him his presence was “spoiling him enough.” He remembers Tony’s face scrunch up adorably, apparently he wasn’t used to not showing off to impress his dates.
“Fine, but you do need to come down off the roof. And maybe illegally smoke off school premises?” Coulson asked with a small smile, putting one on Clint’s face as well.
“Mr. Stark, I was just telling your husband about what happened,” the woman said quietly. She was sporting a small smile on her face, lips pursing like she was considering ending the conversation there as Leo continued sleeping peacefully. “I’ll let him fill you in on the details, but I think it’s safe to say we won’t be allowing visitation for a while. Mr. Reyes was under the assumption that I didn’t speak Spanish,” she finished with a wink, getting a chuckle from the two men as they watched her nod before turning to walk back into the building.
She felt her Pop go rigid next to her. Normally, he was the one who handled ignorant people when they were in public. Or private. But this time Emerson didn’t let him, choosing instead to do so herself.
“Don’t look at me,” Tony said with his hands raised in surrender. “You’re the one who shares the same genes as her.” Steve rolled his eyes at his husband as Tony walked over to his two boys, planting a kiss on Peter’s cheek before moving to kiss Steve’s lips. The blonde wrapped an arm around the genius’ waist in response, the two kissing again until they heard their five year old complain adorably.
“Are you ready for that?” Steve asked patiently. “The press, the paperwork, the added responsibility, we’ve never dealt with something like this, what if we’re wrong for her, what if – “
“Say, Petey-pie, now that you’re up…wanna show Uncle Rhodey all the songs you can do on your guitar?” He laughed when his friend’s eyes went wide in panic as the boy cheered in his arms. The toddler squirmed his way down and took off running as his oldest friend glared heavily at the man.
“Maybe it’s a big shit, that happens,” he said with a grin. Steve swatted him again for good measure. He recognized those beautifully frustrating brown eyes turn mischievous as Steve turned his attention away from the horndog to finish plating the dishes.
his inner thoughts reminded him, taking a deep breath and closing his eyes. When he opened them, Tony was standing in front of him and had his hands raised as if he was calming a spooked animal.
“What do you mean? One, you get to decide your own grief, and two, I catch you thinking about him a lot. Nothing wrong with that.”
,” the British man said quietly. The sick feeling made its way back into Steve’s soul, the thought that this has happened before.
“I’m so sorry Izzy, which princess do you wanna be?” Steve reiterated with a fond smile. He continued standing away, still sweaty and needing a shower.
“Because he was an abusive fuck,” Tony confessed, not looking at Steve. He held his shirt in his hands, staring at the wall as he continued. “He was manipulative and controlling and broke into my house the last time I dumped him. That’s why I took out a restraining order.”
“Tell me about it,” Bucky grumbled as he sat up on the bed. “Actually, I should probably get downstairs and make sure Stark doesn’t molest Steve.”
Wade looked damn good in a tux and surprised the teen with a boutonniere of his own; blue to match Peter’s tux. He was also thankful Wade had gone with an all black tux…very thankful. They kept dinner short, wanting to spend the evening dancing away at the prom.
"Yes," the arachnid said without hesitation, laughing as Wade stumbled to fit the ring on his finger before smashing their mouths together in joy. He barely heard the cheers from the other loves of his life as he focused solely on the one who held his heart.
the love of my life!” The whole room tensed as Bucky roared his words, clenching and unclenching his fist as if deciding whether to attack Steve or not.
“I’m sorry baby, I’m so sorry,” Buck said quietly, bringing his head out to look at Clint while also adding a few kisses to his clothed chest. His boyfriend’s fingers continued detangling his brown locks, gently massaging his scalp but eyes still trained on the clouds.
“What is it?” he asked, voice still rough from his anger. She flinched back, but he just kept staring, the louder voice demanding
The teen smiled before nodding, walking back with May to her car. They sat in silence until they made it her couch, the older woman grabbing two ciders for the pair.
“It doesn’t excuse driving drunk, Josephine. Nothing excuses driving drunk. You could’ve walked, or gotten a cab, or called anyone else. Including nine-one-one. I’m sorry that you were almost assaulted, but that does not excuse your actions,” he said slowly with his fists clenched.
“I didn’t ask a question, oh wise one. And give me a second,” she said, quickly getting up and heading towards her room in favor of not having to listen to him further. Goddammit, he was probably right. So she walked quickly to her room, went into her desk and grabbed the crumbled up letter. Yes, it was still crumbled, she wished to keep it that way.
“Okay?” she asked between planting kisses all over his face, one of her hands supporting the back of his head to keep him in place.
“Has it been so long that you forgot what happens for making fun of my age?” he asked coyly as she suddenly blushed remembering.
Even if she did look cute curled up on him, occasionally pointing a finger at a picture on the page and garbling a response around her thumb. He still would’ve liked to have drawn in peace…just once after she’d been born.
He hadn’t thought about his mom in while, and that alone made him feel guilty. Because fuck was she an amazing woman.
“He’s three,” Tony hissed as he plopped himself back on the couch next to Steve, “let’s hope his attention span is short enough to forget it.” Steve laughed loudly at the man, shaking his head fondly at the attempt.
“Well, on the bright side, you won’t have to hole up with us for a week,” Natasha said with a smug grin.
"Wanna wave bye to your Uncle Rhodey, kid?" Tony asked the boy who quickly complied. His friend gave the genius a knowing look before showing himself out, having mentioned to Tony beforehand he couldn't stay long. The genius carefully stood up with a suspiciously still child, wondering if he was asleep before moving him around to check his face.
“So…how did this happen?” Steve asked with a smile, noticing Buck was trying to stifle a smile of his own.
“Aw, come on baby. Come sit by me and I’ll make it worth your while,” Steve said with a wink while patting the seat next to him.
“Dr. Chase told me you’d make a full recovery, don’t think you can milk this, babe,” Steve said. He glared at his husband, forgetting twenty years together meant he could read his damn mind.
“I’ve known you since you were fourteen and had braces and acne. I know when you’re lying to me.” Tony couldn’t help but glare at his best friend, because it almost seemed like…
The blonde sat forward, reaching out for the bottom of Tony’s tank top and gently pulled him to stand between his legs and face him. He rested his hands on his hips, keeping him in place as he addressed the man he loved.
“Everything okay, honey? If this is about what that horrid woman said…you shouldn’t listen to her. She’s obviously miserable about her sad and pathetic life and absolutely full of it and one of those
“Snookums?” the man asked sincerely as he put the knife down and slowly walked around the counter to him. “Love muffin? Monkey? Snufflekins?” Peter was already laughing but burst with the sound as that ridiculous man of his dug his fingers into his ribs.
“Two hours, give or take,” he mumbled as his eye sight rested on Steve’s lips. The blonde simply smiled back at him, licking his lips in return as the brunette shook his head to bring himself back to the present.
“Emerson, you’re not Robert Sanchez. You’re not the man who stole your innocence, or the woman who abandoned you, or the foster parents who mistreated you. You are an incredibly resilient and kind young woman…who did what she thought was right when she was just a six year old.”
to be anything. I know I’m straight, alright, I love the pussy, it’s why we’re such good friends,” he said as she rolled her eyes at him while he continued.
They watched puffy white clouds slowly moving across their view in the otherwise blue sky. There was a warm breeze helping sway them slowly back and forth as they laid in the shade.
“So, Tony..which one was it? You ran away with the president’s daughter? You went to rehab for a secret drug addiction? Got knocked up by a teacher? Ran away to join the circus? Come on tell me why you left high school,” Natasha said, the only evidence that she was intoxicated by how much she was talking.
She felt her heart race, calculating Hulk’s movement before dodging out of the way at the last second, taking off towards the obstacle course area. The cheers increased, as did Hulk’s roars as she heard him run after her.
"Mama said color doesn't matter. She said it doesn't matter if they're different colors, or different religions, or if its two mommies or two daddies. As long as my new family loves me and lets me be me," he finished with a smile and a bounce - obviously having memorized what that amazing woman told him on repeat.
“Bambi, pass the pepper, would you?” Tony asked his son during dinner, who shot him a quick glare before obliging his dad’s request.
“Then explain it to him,” she cut him off, always able to cut through his bullshit. He stared back at her, hands starting to shake as he tried to come up with more excuses.
"Well any friend of Sam Wilson is a friend of mine, what can I do for you today?" Pat said warmly as he nodded to the kids standing next to their father.
“That’s right,” James said, voice dripping with so much pride it made Clint squirm. “Cause they love you. Maybe even as much as I do.”
“What?! What the fuck does that mean? How did she leave?” Bucky asked the ceiling, instantly alert and feeling adrenaline course through his veins.
“Yes well, your fathers warned me of inappropriate behavior, I should do better to control my temper.” She smiled again before patting his enormous bicep in comfort, getting up when the oven beeped to indicate the frozen pizzas were done.
“What were you doing up?” she asked, knowing he wouldn’t have been able to hear her from their bedroom.
“I mean...well yeah nobody’s perfect. But I…” he paused, not liking how ‘love’ would sound on his tongue. Wait...did he really love Vi? Right now the feeling felt fuzzy as other parts of his mind started to become clear of the fog that had settled in his brain.
“Don’t start something you don’t want to finish. Otherwise I’ll expect you to carry me everywhere and have your way with me whenever you want.” The statement had Steve stopping abruptly on the footsteps of the beach house, causing Tony to laugh loudly. He gently slid off Steve as his husband lowered him to the ground in front of the door.
And then everything changed. His body literally pushed the metal out in order to heal itself. He felt a tinglyness coarse throughout his body until he felt himself slip into unconsciousness again.
“He met you when you were a drunken horn-dog and still managed to call you to see you again,” Rhodey said pointedly. Tony felt his mouth open and close in response, actually considering that.
“Surprised you even found this room, did you have to ask Jarvis where I was?” he sassed back to his husband. The brunette rolled his eyes fondly but didn’t argue, walking over to the man to wrap his arms around his waist while Steve kept folding Peter’s clothes.
“Yes,” he finally admitted, quietly and with a pout. An exhausting sigh of relief left him. He took a moment to keep his eyes downcast before looking back up at the blonde. Who only wore a bright smile, beaming back down at him like he wasn’t secretly the biggest idiot in the world.
He got a few looks, but thankfully no one throughout the day interrupted the little family. Peter rode the marry-go-round so many times that even Tony had to take a break, enjoying taking pictures of the two and grateful for the teen who simply switched to sitting on the same horse as Peter; clutching him close and laughing merrily with him.
"Well, then I'd be a pretty big hypocrite, not liking someone with similar experiences..." And because Bucky was secretly a little shit at heart, couldn't pass up responding.
One Saturday morning he was making breakfast, enjoying the silence in the Tower before everyone started waking up. He opted to not shave this morning after his run and shower, deciding that maybe he'd try to grow a beard out. Just to see if he could pull it off.
He smiled when he entered the kitchen and smelled the fresh brewed pot waiting for him. He grabbed a cup to fill and blew on the delicious liquid before sipping carefully, only now noticing something else waiting for him. There was also an aluminum foil covered plate, which revealed pancakes and bacon still steaming underneath. He grabbed the breakfast before taking it and went to join the wonderful sounds of his kids laughing in the living room.
"Behave Omega, one of those looked awfully paddle-shaped," Steve teased right back, pinching the Omega's side and getting a giggle out of him.
“Hey!” Pete said in mock offense, rolling his eyes fondly when the man simply waggled his eyebrows back at him.
“Exactly my point!” Tony startled Emerson and Steve by quickly standing up. He turned his full attention to Emerson. “How should we exact your revenge? Get them expelled? Have their parents fired and relocated to Utah? Have Iron Man pay an unexpected visit?”
“I’m sorry Jo,” she heard Steve apologize, turning her head to see him. He sat cross-legged on the bed, hands resting on his lap as his watery blue eyes bored into hers. “I promised your dad I’d never talk about her.”
“Bye jerk,” Steve said as he nodded goodbye to him. He turned to the sleepy baby in his arms, gently kissing the top of her head.
“Excellent!” Helen said before Joey could even formulate words. “Well, my break is over so I should be getting back. Here! Take my business card, I just got these yesterday,” she said as she handed Jo a little card. She was still in too much shock, thankful that Xavier took it for her and also introduced himself.
“Yes my sweet bambino,” Tony said as he carefully put his son next to him on his bed, grabbing his pup’s hand and placing them on his belly. “Do you wanna say something to them? They can hear you.”
“Hey Harley, Steve’s here and he’s going to make us dinner!” The boy glanced at Steve for a moment before turning back to Tony.
Tony was only focused on his son, not listening fully and kicking himself later when his Mom assured him Harley’s fever wasn’t even hospital worthy - just that Nonna was being precautious.
“No, please,” she said, struggling with her contorted muscles from having her hands cuffed behind her. “Ask Officer Hill, I need a hospital.”
After saving some kid from being bullied, Sam had pulled him aside in the cafeteria to ‘warn him’ about that kid; Tony Stark. He’d heard the name before but it took him a moment to make the connection between the teen shoved against a locker and the son of that millionaire tech genius.
Tony felt unwanted tears start spilling down his cheeks as a poorly timed smile appeared on his face.
He tried to stand up, but the dizziness from having his head slammed on concrete made him fall back over.
“Baby…” Tony started as he curled himself on the other side of Peter, circling his arms around the shaking teen.
She couldn’t help but be a little sad, since she was having so much fun with Clint. But she also missed her Tati and wanted to know how his test went.
“You are very welcome sweetheart,” Steve said with a bright smile before turning to flip the crepe. “After breakfast we’re going to finger paint. Have you done that before?”
“You’re a goddamn Neanderthal, you know that?” Clint sassed at him, trying and failing to move his arms to counter the attack. They were wedged below some sexy thighs...so it was hard -
She rummaged through every cabinet and every shelf, unable to find the damn cranberry juice she was looking for. Her parents were having date night in their bedroom - eww - while Peter and Wade had taken Miles out for a "boys night." So she was left to fend for herself on this Friday night, wondering where in the hell they kept juice after checking the fridge for the third time.
“He did?” Jo asked after pulling a little away from her Nana. The woman brushed some of the flour off her face with a smile before responding.
The game eventually ended, the Avengers winning by three runs as Steve sighed in relief, wanting to get to his best friend and away from the two short perverts. He should’ve known better, as Clint rushed past him and jumped into his boyfriend’s arms - just as Buck had barely made it out of the dugout.
Harley had adopted the role of protective older brother flawlessly, occasionally going so far as to growl when strangers tried to coo at the baby.
“Captain, I’ll just cut to it. Rumor has it that Tiberius Stone is trying to get you fired. Lucky for you, you’ve got friends in high places,” he pointed to himself before continuing. “That and, you’re fairly good at your job.” Steve felt himself smiling despite the news.
“Yes, I’m aware, can we plot his demise now?” she asked. He laughed fondly at that before turning back to be more serious with her.
It was also easier to throw, which is exactly what she did to her brother in law. He caught it easily with one hand, quirking his lip at the state before smoothing the paper out so he could read it. Emerson sat back down on the couch, tapping her feet as she waited for his response.
For all of Harley’s talk throughout the week about how excited he was to meet his father, the pup was quiet as they parked the car.
“Tony?” he asked again as he walked towards the sound of his voice, still unable to see him. The brunette wheeled out from under one of his many old cars, smiling at the blonde while covered in motor oil.
And of course, because his ex was a piece of shit, he had to wait an hour and seventeen minutes before seeing him again.
“You listen to me you pathetic piece of shit, if you ever come anywhere near me or my family ever again – and that especially includes
He even crossed his arms as he thought, tapping his foot a few times before looking back at her sadly.
Her Tati had been showing her the English Alphabet, and she suddenly had the urge to learn how to write on top of learning how to read.
Bruce was kind enough to not only offer cranberry juice but also analyzed her urine while the fathers offered comfort through it. As it turned out, she had a semi-serious infection, which meant the doctor would need to do a more invasive procedure.
Bucky was lying on his back, shirt off with Jo sprawled over his chest, rising and falling with his chest as he breathed in his deep slumber. Since he saw the opportunity for it, he quietly pulled his drawing pad out, sat on the couch, and proceeded to draw the picture in front of him.
“I’m ready to add another person to our team, my love. If that’s what she wants. You’ve seen how happy Peter is with her. And you know she needs this. And I think…I know we can do that for her. And I want to, Steve. I want to help her, protect her from one more animal putting his hands on her.” He takes a moment to breathe, burying down his growing frustration. “But only if you feel the same way, Steve. Long haul, remember?” he stopped himself from rambling any further, unsure what to say.
Peter hadn’t meant to leave the door open to the senior science lab, but he got distracted with some of the data on the tables and completely forgot he was in there to grab some of the grant proposals to give to his Dad. And since he hadn’t noticed he’d left the door open, he also hadn’t noticed he was no longer alone in the room. Nor did he notice the door closing until he heard the faint ‘click’ and looked up at the noise.
“I know,” Bucky said confidently, smiling as his boyfriend pushed him back to lie on the bed. He looked up at bright blue eyes, totally and completely ready to hand over the reigns to Clint.
“Oh good, because I actually forgot sunscreen,” Steve said, the Alpha sighing adorably as he started pulling a blanket out. Tony chuckled and helped him lay out the blanket before reaching in the basket for the ball Harley wanted to kick around. He tossed it to the pup who chuckled and caught it with his hands.
For a moment, she looked like she wanted to continue their little game, but changed her mind as she ran into her daddy’s arms.
“Yes, me. I’m not mad. Deadpool saved my son’s life on more than one occasion apparently; and today you helped save my husband’s. But you should still go before someone sees mister supposed to be horribly injured here out of bed,” he said with a pointed look at Peter. He was glad his Pop had changed into sweats; he was less intimidating that way.
“Stop right there, minions. Steve was just leaving!” Bucky tried intervening, but the rascals maneuvered themselves around him as they attacked Steve’s legs. And that punk of a ‘best friend’ just stood there laughing, ever the unhelpful bastard.
Which turned out to be quite difficult when your celebrity father showed up at your school unannounced.
Happy was waiting for them outside as he gently guided his still quiet husband to sit in the backseat. Once inside, Happy started driving them as Steve pulled his phone out to look at the pictures again.
He must’ve spaced out while thinking of Steve, because the man snuck up on him a moment later by wrapping his arms around him from behind.
“Carolyn, it was a genuine displeasure meeting you for the first time. You should fly back home…and stay the hell away from my kid,” he growled out before taking a step back and closing the door in her face. She shouted in protest, but Steve ignored that in favor of crashing in on himself.
Natasha and Clint were on a call, but Sam and the newest hire Thor were sitting on the couch. It was legally his first name and that alone almost got him the job. Well, that, and the fact that he was like an Australian god.
She didn’t get to when they all heard the soccer players come out – and the coaches notice and yell at them. The group of cowardly cunts scattered as Joey brought herself to her feet.
“With you?” Tony rhetorically asked with tears in his eyes. “Fuck yes I will.” He went back to attacking the blonde’s lips as the Alpha growled below him. Tony had only ever heard that in the bedroom, so a gush of slick quickly dampened his pants. “Take me to your bed, Alpha,” he husked out as he saw Steve’s eyes dilate. “Maybe you can fuck more pups into me.”
“What’s life without a little magic?” Thor asked before pointing to the door, the crowd cheering as Rumlow finally stumbled out and away from them. After he left, Thor turned to Clint and James with a sad expression. “I’m sorry about that, friends, I hope he hasn’t ruined your fun.”
kid – I’d be beating your ass right now,” he said angrily at Peter. The teen gulped in response. He dutifully followed his uncle to his jet, taking Emerson over as he went to pilot the machine.
“Okay!” he exclaimed as he climbed off Tony’s lap. “Come on, I’ll show you!” he shouted in excitement as he didn’t wait before taking off to his room – shyness clearly dissipated. She quickly followed, poking Steve’s ear in passing to annoy him. He half swatted at her before turning back to Tony with a smile.
His negative thoughts were put on hold when he heard a cry from the living room, running and halting in his steps when he saw his boys laughing and chasing each other. Daci was sitting on the floor, watching them with a smile on her face. Before he could make his presence known, Harley caught his eye and screeched his name out in excitement.
“Peter! You look so handsome! And this must be the infamous Mr. Wade Wilson we’ve been hearing so much about,” his Dad said, extended his hand to shake with Wade. Wade stood up as he shook his hand before turning to do the same with his Pop, offering a smile to Emerson.
When he heard nothing but silence, he took his jacket and shoes off before walking into the living room. There, on the floor, were two passed out beings that immediately brought a smile to the fourteen year old's face.
“Look, I know you’re going through a lot right now. So I’ll let this one slide. But if I see you doing something stupid like this again, I’ll send you straight to Hill. Understood?” Clint nodded in response, sensing the man had more to say while also knowing how credible that threat was. “Barton you’re a good kid with great talent. I know that you...you have a lot on your mind right now. But suffering alone won’t help you.”
Granted, she was super proud that her dads are intersectional feminists, but none of the three had ever given her that feeling.
Bucky took that opportunity to tickle his youngest sibling before being able to pry him away from the other teen.
“Dada, down,” Joey said, trying to wiggle out of Bucky’s embrace. He relented, frowning as he placed her down on the ground. She immediately reached her arms out to the blonde, eyes focusing on the shiny camera in his hands.
He saw guns being pulled out, the two groups having a standoff. He shot a few webs at their guns, rendering them useless as he sprung down to land on one of the confused men. When he stood back up, he turned to find himself face to face with a gun. Not covered in web, inches from Peter’s face.
“Harry, stop!” Miles yelled, immediately climbing up after him - ignoring the pain coming from his right side.
She felt like her entire body took a deep breath, settling down in the lawn chair and staring at the sunset. The two teens had a discussion about music while she focused on the warm colors in front of her. Red and orange splashed the sky in a hypnotic way.
“-I know, it’s not that. I just. I don’t know I hate the idea of knowing he’s touched you…” the beautiful brunette trailed off sadly. Clint couldn’t help rolling his eyes at his possessive boyfriend, finding it both endearing and a little aggravating.
“Encourage her to bring her destructive skills to new heights?” he teased, both watching as she focused her attention on the shiny camera just out of her reach.
