"Can I take my fingers out?" John asks. Sherlock swallows, twice; and then nods. John draws his fingers out, slow slow slow. Wipes his hand on the duvet—no help for it, is there, at this point—and then wraps his arms around Sherlock's body, tight.
"Ta." He rubs his thumb across his mouth. "Lesson plans?"
, including
"I'm not aiming for
what Sherlock had said. Sherlock had called him a slut. Sherlock'd hit a half-dozen boxes in some abstract sexual humiliation checklist; it was just that none of them had been on
"You want me to put myself inside you?" Sherlock asks. Soft.
"Bastard," John tells him, but it's hard to mean it: Sherlock giggling and pressing absurd, smacking kisses all over John's still-wet chin and his hot cheeks and his throat before John tilts his face down to kiss him properly: their mouths slotting together, electric and soft. His hair: John strokes—a hardship—his hair. It's—nice. Cosy. Lovely, really: the starting scrape of the beginnings of Sherlock's stubble and his soft slip of tongue; Sherlock's hand loose around him, barely moving; Sherlock's nose bumping John's nose.
He rewets the flannel, warming it up. As he wipes Sherlock's face (gentle—slow—) Sherlock exhales, long and warm, his eyes fluttering shut. With his hands John touches the edges of Sherlock's cheeks, the hinge of his jaw. Checking for missed spots. No nicks. When he brushes down the the line of Sherlock's throat, Sherlock puts his palm on the side of John's thigh, only just beneath the falling edge of the towel. He curves his fingers around John's leg, resting. Light. John runs the pads of his fingertips along the edges of Sherlock's lips, which part. Pink.
"It's all right," he whispers, "just get me fifteen minutes and two paracetamol, would you? I'm out."
"I didn't ask," Sherlock says. Aching John touches his cheek.
"Yeah." When John says, "If you want," Sherlock's thumb moves with his mouth. Gentle. And then—pulled—
, this unruly mess of meat and organs and self-immolating desire, who had pushed himself up against men in pubs and nightclubs, bought them drinks, touched their hips and their throats; who had danced pressed back to front and felt them up in cabs and dark booths and on streetcorners; who had kissed them on their beds and their sofas; who had pressed his fingers alongside their fingers inside their bodies, his body; who had stroked their cocks and their bellies and their prostates, sucked on their nipples and their fingers and their tongues and their balls; who had been led backstage once, shirtless and covered in glitter, to his middle-aged friends' raucous wolf-whistles, by a twenty-five-year-old drag queen for a memorable hour and a half with her nails in his hair and his hands up her skirt; who had been gently placed on his back on a blanket on the floor of Vic's friend Ron's decorator living room with his wrists and ankles clamped to a spreader bar so that Vic could coach Ron's partner Neil through bringing John off without touching his prick while half the party kissed him in turns, hot velvet-blue and messy with the sparkling-roiling electric delirium of two hits of ecstasy (—
; but still John doesn't know how to be easy for him at all.
"All right," George says.
—" and pushes back against him and Sherlock gasps, "Stop—oh,
John smiles, all teeth. "Hardly," he says. "Would've kept on going if you'd not come up. Wanting me."
A smallish sort of a dilemma: fantasizing about one's flatmate is generally not done, but once you've woken up with your cock in his mouth it seems like those sorts of rules of etiquette would be rather far out the window, wouldn't they? Sherlock takes long showers; John's known
Sherlock makes a noncommittal noise, looking up; and John sighs.
"I'm not good at everything," Sherlock says, hushed. His nose brushing John's. The warm sheltered cove of their—arms, and their—faces, and—mouths together John feels Sherlock smile, as he says, "I'm all right at Snap."
"I think it might be valuable," George says, "to think about what might be on a similar list of things that you aren't willing to compromise in your relationship with Sherlock."
"Yeah," Sherlock says, mouth barely moving; and then— "Sebastian spent our whole first term teasing that I looked like a girl," he confesses, a bit too fast, and then scrunches up his nose and says, "a particularly tall, spotty, and hostile sort of girl"; and John murmurs, "Well, I'd expect nothing less," and as Sherlock's face relaxes, nearly to a smile, John rests the razor against his right cheek, and draws it carefully down.
John crosses his legs under the table. "Does seem a bit of a waste of time," he agrees.
"Yeah," John says. Quieter: "Yeah."
"Yeah," John agrees. He slips his hand into Sherlock's hair. "I would've done it for six and a half minutes, too," he says; and Sherlock tilts his chin up for a slow, sweet kiss.
"You said that you weren't as invested in sex as Sherlock is," George asks. "Do you think you're less invested in your relationship, too?"; and John drops his hands, and takes a long, slow breath.
"Fuck." John swallows. Rocking. "Yeah."
Sherlock doesn't say anything.
"One what?" he asks.
Ringing, still. Body to body: a note. John can feel him all over, pressed close to him: almost as though he were in the room, too. John feels hot. Luminous. Alight. In the stillness of their flat he can hear Sherlock's key in the lock downstairs. His feet on the steps. For seventeen steps John feels three of him, the man on the stairs and the man standing above him in the shower and the man sitting with a rattan cane for John's back in his chair and
John makes himself a stir-fry and offers Sherlock half. Sherlock declines, but makes two cups of tea and then hovers around and at the table and, trying, not very effectively, to explain the chain of muddled police reasoning that lead to a Chelsea mother of three to being implicated in some sort of insurance fraud up north, in which she had been in no way involved.
"Can I touch you," John asks, as steadily as he can manage, and then as Sherlock is sliding towards him John asks, "Can I. Hug you, can I have a hug," but Sherlock is already kneeling up on the carpet in front of John's chair to slide his arms around John's waist, so the last of it winds up muffled in the shoulder of Sherlock's sweat-damp crumpled shirt.
into his fist like Sherlock'd shove into their fists, restless and helpless, panting with it, probably—probably blushing all over, bright and red, hot as John mouths deliriously at his clavicles and the sweat-salty underside of his ears, clinging desperately to John's shoulders—no, Sherlock'd never do anything
"You can use my shampoo," Sherlock says, low and warm, right in his ear: John shivers.
After: "When you moved back," John says, "you made me a deal."
"I don't know," he says, after a moment.
Sherlock rubs his fingers along the placket, down to John's pulled-untucked hem. Along the way he catches another button, and slips it open.
and "
"Because I do know that I look like a stork in fancy dress," Sherlock says, a little hotly; and John swallows, thick, and then tells him, "Turn around, yeah?"
, to give Sherlock space to unfurl himself, to bare his wanted things for John so that John could give them to him; and to understand, just as deeply, how often it'd be a cruelty to try. If he asks then Sherlock has to answer, so most of the time John doesn't. He doesn't ask, so he can't know, but—but he can suspect. There are patterns, he thinks. Suggestive trends: tenderness and care; cruelty, objectification, disregard. When John thinks about every case they've ever worked by plucking apart tendrils of violence and sex and betrayal masked by marriage, family, friendship, love: every worst thing about humans being humans, all the weaknesses Sherlock reflexively mocks and scorns and loathes, John is starting to see—something else besides. Something different; hiding in a shadow very nearly the same shape. Sherlock clings. Wants to kiss. Wanted John's clothes three sodding years ago so he took them and wants John's skin on his skin so he fucks him back-to-front and wants—wants cosseting, petting,
Sherlock's lips part, slightly. John turns his hand: hip.
. Hand stilled clenched tight in his hair.
he asks; and then rubs at his forehead. All longing. Atomic. One thing.
Staring up at him red-faced, Sherlock says, "Come here," low and thick.
"Can I help?" John asks; as Sherlock stares—through him, nearly. "With the..." John waves a hand: the kitchen, Sherlock, the hob. Sherlock blinks, twice, as his expression, slowly, clears.
"Better than needing six and a half minutes of
"I can't get it up again," he says, quiet; and Sherlock groans, "
Sherlock reaches back for his head. John presses his face into his hair.
"Ought to bend you over my lap next time," Sherlock says, low and hot, "better angle"; John moans, can't stop. "Yeah?" And John nods, gasps, "Shouldn't think about—" as Sherlock spanks him, again, again, then brushes his thumb over John's lit-up yawning skin while John cries out jerks all over rubs his wet face on the back of his hands; and then Sherlock pulls him apart, cold air, John squirms. "If we're going to really teach you a lesson," Sherlock murmurs, letting go, "ought to properly settle in"; as hollow John whines, empty presses back—quiet plastic crack and then Sherlock's long fingers, slick and certain and wet and thick. Merciless: like a balloon near-bursting Sherlock stretches-presses-pets, fingers sinking right into the coiled knot inside him so cold it hurts: kneaded and reformed John moans and shudders, shoves his hips back, ropes from Sherlock's fingers thick through John's throbbing veins to John's aching knotted fingers. "Like that?" Sherlock asks, very softly,
; Sherlock's dressing gown is on the back of the door which is half-open. John slides one hand into one sleeve and then another into another: slip through, waterfall. It's blue, too long. John does up the tie, not tight. It is silk.
John can feel him. He can—it's nonsense, of course, but he can
Sherlock's mouth turns down, one-sided, and he bends his forehead down towards John's. John rubs at his vertebrae. His lats.
"Seven," he repeats. Eyelids heavy: they keep slipping shut.
John swallows. Careful. Steady, slow. He says, then, "And it's. What you need"; but it doesn't come out quite right. Not a question: but even so Sherlock scrubs both his hands through his hair, leaving him looking like he's stuck his whole fist in a socket; and then nods.
for me, I don't care, I've not got any sort of a thing for
"Yeah," Sherlock says. He is turned towards him, only just: his ribs a twisting staircase, climbing toward John's hand. "Onion, then the fennel." A half a smile, then. It looks battered, a bit, at the edges. Achy. The want inside of John feels like his shoulder an hour before it rains. He can't kiss him, not—not and stop; so he curls his hand instead, and pulls away.
He's done it as gently as he can, but "Oh," Sherlock is saying, as he squares his shoulders, pulls—head turning— "Never mind, then. It was just—"
"Indeed," says Sherlock, and straightens up. He turns for the bag and sets it on the foot of the bed, carefully casual; but then, fast and jerky, he sits: in the chair, just past the end of the bed, where John sits to put on his shoes.
"I want you to—to feel able to ask," John says, "when I—when it is within my power to give you something you need, but all this time—"
Sherlock. A small, quiet sound.
"Well, then."
Sherlock is red. Going redder. The kind of hot painful looking red that John knows will feel hot and taste salty and John—John wants—everything, he wants—
George makes an encouraging noise around a mouthful of salad, but: "We've had—Christ—" John is already barreling ahead, half-unwillingly: "I think I could handle it better, if he weren't interested in—no, that's. That's probably not true, but I didn't—." He stops. Clears his throat. "He's constantly—he's insatiable," he explains, "in—in an intellectual way, at least?"; and then he laughs. "Christ, can you
, because I wanted—I wanted to
"I want to be naked with you," John says, unsteady, "for the first time"; as Sherlock, arching up under-against him, gasps.
"Ah," Sherlock says; and then snaps his mouth shut, looking torn. John smiles into his glass.
"I think I can bear it," John says, very quietly, "don't you?"; and Sherlock puts both his big hands flat on the sides of John's face and holds him still for a kiss: delicate, and long, and sweet.
"Get that open, then," Sherlock says, sounding terribly fond, and John straightens up on his knees, struggling to get the plastic off. "Do you want me to—"
Sherlock's mouth comes down to John's shoulder. "You want to get down on your knees," he murmurs; and helpless, John nods. Lets his ankles loosen, his knees and hips, as Sherlock helps him down. John folds his heavy hands over each other on the floor. Drops his forehead on them, arse back: bared to the air hot-cold and throbbing. Sherlock crouching beside him. John's jeans 'round his knees, everything else still on.
"Of course if I did it like that it'd be terribly tidy," Sherlock says, "you'd barely be able to taste it," and John can hear himself, can
"; but it comes out lopsided. Unsure.
, on his way back down.
," sounding murderous but not hurt but not blank but not distant; and John starts laughing, helpless: he says, "More appropriate for—" and "Shut up," Sherlock tells him, coming over, "you're awful, you're
"Yeah." John closes his eyes. "Christ, Sherlock, I'm sorry."
"Get up on your knees," Sherlock says. "Push your pants down."
John licks his lips. The plummy-pink head of Sherlock's cock is peeking out through the ill-fastened flies of his trunks. The picture he makes, half fallen over with his elbow in the draining board: black white and pink. All of London watching, hidden dark outside.
"I think we need some sort of a scale," John admits, crossing his legs under him to sit up. He squeezes Sherlock's shin.
"Sherlock," he says, quiet.
—and Sherlock moans into his hair, jerking hard—then
"You like having something inside you," Sherlock says, "I know"; and John swallows.
"He won't talk to me, love," she says, gently; and he says, "I know. I know he won't"; and then lets her, when she gives him a gentle, motherly hug.
, John thinks: a wisp of a thought.
Too close to him Sherlock's eyes half-closed. Lips parted, until he leans in opened and so John folds into-around him, arms and knees and hands and mouth: easy, like swimming. The warm solid weight of him anchoring John in one place with his slick tongue and scratchy-soft mouth. They kiss. Sherlock's arms unspool to wind tight-tight around him and their bodies slip with sweat as the air under the duvet goes from warm to too hot. John doesn't want to move, ever. Just stay wrapped up and touching, dark into light into dark.
It sounds—steadier. Easier, and so. So it's enough.
fifteen, that: that, too. Sherlock is watching him, because in this little story, Sherlock
John breathes.
Sherlock grins. Bends down to lick over him, quick: John inhales. "As it so happens," Sherlock is saying, "my parents were married before even
Sherlock lets go of John's hair. "Better?" he asks, barely out of breath.
He could step back, look around; they've run halfway across the county, feels like; surely it must be nearing ten by now; and he may already've texted Rhoda but he still really ought to go in in the morning, oughtn't he, since he can? He hasn't the first idea where they've left their miserable hired car.
"As long as you want." It comes out fiercer than he means it—but—but no, perhaps not. "Whenever you want," John is saying, hot and pent-up, half angry, "whatever you want," while he rubs his mouth across the stubbling planes of Sherlock's cheeks and jaw and throat so that John feels it when Sherlock swallows: up-down. Up-down.
Harry Potter
; and then,
"When," Sherlock says, "she finds it," in between. "Necessary," and against his mouth John laughs. "What?"
: his hot disloyal bad thoughts.
," and Sherlock moans and reaches back behind himself and shoves his four long spit-shining fingers into his arse, tucking his chin towards his chest. John stares, helpless: he can't get deep, but he tries, whining—twisting and desperate, flushing all down his arms and his chest and his thighs.
Sherlock's hand. Splaying slow and warm and wide, low down on John's bare, prickling back.
, Sherlock had said,
Underneath him Sherlock nods. Sherlock's body under his body letting out breath, cracked. John kisses him, soft, open-mouthed: Sherlock's sounds, soft. Kissing back.
"Not particularly," Sherlock says, frowning down at the box.
That, John understands. He wraps his arms around him. Presses his mouth to Sherlock's hair. Breathing in: the smell of him, achingly familiar. It makes John dizzy, almost.
, not like that, but he'd—he might—perhaps he might let himself claw at John's back while John fisted his left hand in his hair, dragged—dragged his head back, a bit—so he could bite—bite, and then lick, and then
Some time passes. John feels the membrane of the evening everywhere around them: a bubble, grown large and shimmering; delicate, unpopped.
"Get away," Sherlock finishes, and then turns back to face him properly.
bedsit—" and "or—or my flat with Harry" and "or stretched out on the sofa, just—just downstairs—" and helpless John kisses him over and over as Sherlock's body moves with his body their impossible two-part body while John is trying, trying and trying to—to explain: "we're—" touching,
"Is it better or worse that I can't stick it in you right now?" John asks, quiet; and Sherlock laughs, wet, a little wildly; eeling up against him, tucking his toes into the back of John's suspender belt. "Unknown?" John asks, checking; and Sherlock swallows, nods. He's loosening, all over, at last: God, from the way he talks John'd never've thought he'd have to work for it like this. Breath hitching as John draws his fingers all the way out. "More lube," John explains, pushing up onto his elbow; and Sherlock swallows, and swallows, but lets him up,  just enough.
John says, "I know you don't want me to think that it's pathological—"
to get to get hotbaresoftsalt
"I'm not—I can't just." John takes a deep breath. "I don't just
with the police still one street over—blue through amber, amber and blue—cuffing and searching a half-dozen ostensible sixth-form schoolboys in well-tailored uniforms with too-big duffle bags and too much scruff while just 'round the corner John pulls Sherlock's shirt open and shoves his hand down his pants. Sherlock whines: John swallows it, wanting—wanting—
John nods, slow. "Not dangerous?" he asks, finally, even though he knows it will make Sherlock's shoulders tug together; John rubs his little finger against the webbing between finger and thumb, gentle: apology.
John pets up and down his side. Sherlock wriggles close against him, rolling John over onto his back as he tucks his face in against John's neck and breathes in deep and John feels a sudden, lightheaded pain beneath his ribs. He swallows. Stares at the ceiling, and then touches the tacky groove of Sherlock's spine.
Sherlock lifts his face. "I don't
"It's all right," Sherlock says.
At last, Bianca says, "Mr. Holmes is available," and then, as though she's doing him a tremendous favor, she adds, "Transferring you now"; and John says, "Thanks," even as the line clicks. (Unclear who won that one, really.)
touching the scorching edges of
as John nodding deaf and dumb thumbing at his mouth open-kissing hands together guiding their mouths open and John's mouth John's thighs—open and his shoulders—hunching-close as Sherlock—hands in John's—hair dragging as they kiss and want and wants John wants John wants John around him hand on Sherlock's hardhot prick between them groaning as he drives up against-into—into—in
. "Sherlock, I want—" John says; said, is saying: he kisses him again half to shut himself up, it isn't—like that, they're not—but—but Sherlock whispers, "John": and—oh. John takes a breath. Another; while
, "older," John whispers, "or—or
He shivers. Sherlock's fingers curl against him, and John sighs.
worse"; and he looks away. "Or maybe," she says, "you're just not the same person"; and he rests his cheek in his hand.
"Yes," John echoes. He turns. "Yes?"
; and the long white line of Sherlock's throat had turned red.
John swallows. Shifting: Sherlock's melting-heavy hot frame. "You want me to talk?" John asks: checking. Feeling—. "While I—": petting as Sherlock shivers up against him and pushing two wetwet fingers into him slow smooth slow as he whispers, "touch you all over"; and "Yes," Sherlock gasps, arching up; and John nuzzles, kissing him. Pressing in.
, John thinks, buzzing;
"I think I ought to do this scientifically, don't you?" John asks, when he can.
"Yeah, for you," George says. "But you being held hostage by your body chemistry doesn't precisely help anyone else."
, but John can't—his hand tightening up on the back of Sherlock's neck.
"Don't want to," he says. Breathing hard. "Always—always thinking about—" Sherlock sucks down air, winds his hand in John's hand and pushes it clumsily over his chest. "Want you to—"
John nods, even though turned as he is, Sherlock can't see. "Seems like the sort of thing it'd be difficult to do to yourself," John observes, and Sherlock hums. John pets back up his sole to his ankle, down, up again: lazy meandering trails, watching Sherlock's toes curl and flex.
, biting at his lips and his jaw in between. Sherlock's panting-hot breath caught high in John's own throat: Christ. "Just—please," John whispers, aching, petting his thumb against the hard hot skin behind Sherlock's scrotum, his hummingbird heart, "please let me"; and Sherlock groans, "
By half eleven on Wednesday John's spine is loudly protesting every second he spent sprawled low on the sofa—because that's the price of living past forty, apparently: paying in back pain for shagging on unergonomic pieces of furniture—and Marcus is weeping in the loo—
": and so John scrapes his blunt nails down the long trembling dip of Sherlock's belly and Sherlock groans underneath him, hips jerking his cock up against John's ribs.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's not a negotiation," Sherlock snaps, "I need to go back to Baker Street. If you want to catch him before he torches a major London tourist site
"This is—all right, then?" John asks.
, hotsharp in his ribs and his mouth curling up, "motherfucking, pay-by-the-hour," as Sherlock turns his head aside, "overpriced ball-licking arsehole bastard
Sherlock hums. Squeezes his arse, and John bites down on his lips, trying not to laugh. Sherlock pets a thumb across him and John gasps. His whole body twitching. He squeezes his fists. Digs his knees down into the mattress and still, blinking in the bruise-edged dark. He could turn his face up from the sheet if he wanted, but he doesn't.
George's mouth twists. "That bothers you," he says.
"Mm." John rubs down the top of Sherlock's long thigh, and Sherlock shivers. Pressing into him. "I was just thinking."
His voice cuts off on a high-tight half-spoken red sound: pushing up against him hot face sweaty body. His wrapped-around clenching-tight thigh and knee and calf.
"All right," Sherlock says, very softly; and John pulls him as near-close-tight as he can.
"I'm sorry," John says. "We're changing the locks. Getting—five deadbolts, a security chain—I should've punched him in the balls. An alarm system. A watchdog."
Sherlock presses his shoulders back. Chin up.
," says Sherlock, thick and raw and then groaning shoves in sparklers all over and John. Breathes. Breathes. Breathes. "Christ I want you I want to take you apart I want," Sherlock gasps: and then shivering hunching up clinging mashes his face tight to John's face.
And another.
The night is already too hot, really. Sweat gathering under John's arms, in the backs of his knees and the small of his back: he kicks off the duvet. Sherlock exhales, a soft softening sigh: a click, John's heartbeat, at the base of his throat. Wrapping him closer-hotter-tight; terror: John would never make him feel used, or dirty, or cheap. Desolate, that thought, razed and cracking: John wants it gone. Instead he kisses the soft-shaved corner Sherlock's familiar mouth. Swallows: his heart. Pushing away he curls with his palms their bodies shoulder to shoulder as they touch. Out of focus, a brown-speckled hazel-sea eye. Easier. Better. Mouth Sherlock brushes his mouth to John's mouth. Hand on his spine. Long fingers, tucking in: Sherlock tugs at the elastic at John's waist. "Can you take these off?" Sherlock asks: different, somehow, John hopes. He swallows. He trusts: he nods.
"You're all right, then," he says, finally.
John touches, soft. His thumb that was inside him. Sherlock opens his mouth and John slips it in. Hooked under the soft meat edges of him and Sherlock shudders eyes squeezing shut tensing, and John swallows.
"They are
Upstairs in the flat. John puts his keys on the table. His mobile. He shrugs off his jacket and feels—tired, mostly; and when he turns back to Sherlock, Sherlock's still standing just inside the door, hunched into his coat with the collar up, looking tense and uncertain and stupidly, heartbreakingly beautiful; and John's hands feel like vestigial appendages, dangling uselessly at his sides.
John jerks back, mouth loose. Fingers stilled. Sherlock panting above him hand hard on his hair, like John's got enough to properly pull. His chest is heaving. Blush-splotched. Mouth wet, John swallows, illicit and dark. Thick in his throat, warm, just a
"Come over here, then," Sherlock says, at last, "get your things off," scooting back; and John swallows and creaks up off of his hands and unties his shoes, kicks off his jeans. "Shirt too," Sherlock says, "lie down," so John fumbles with the buttons, fingers clumsy, and lies down closer by, while beside him Sherlock pulls his pants up and his trousers up and rebuttons everything, tucks in his shirt, then kneels up over John's back. All of him vanishing into pressure and warmth. His arse on John's arse. His thighs on John's sides. His hands on John's back, rubbing up-down, up-down.
Sherlock's eyebrows are beginning to pull together. "Yeah?"
Sherlock shifts, warm against him. "Yeah?"
"Can you—hell." Sherlock swallows, rubbing at him. "Yes, what is—your back. Or. Or."
John leans up on his toes, presses his mouth just under Sherlock's ear. Breath. Skin. Light: "It's fairly dreadful," he confirms; and Sherlock—warm—starts to laugh.
Sherlock presses his face to the side of John's face. Forehead to temple: John squeezes his eyes shut tight.
"After Greg dragged you off Howlett."
When he breathes he can smell them, so he breathes. Nothing about Sherlock, John knows, is ever really precisely a surprise. John knows that Sherlock has endless reserves of patience for the things he finds interesting and next to none for anything else, that he likes sweet coffee and hates waiting for trains and smokes, surreptitiously, whenever he's reduced to working for Mycroft by himself out of town. John knows all these things mostly without thinking about them; has done always, almost; just like John has known for ages that Sherlock finds most chemical scents jarring, painfully distracting; does all his washing with some all-natural fragrance-free washing powder for extra-sensitive skin that costs £15 for half a kilo and has a picture of a baby on the box. It's different knowing it up close. John, for his part, uses whatever's on offer at Tesco's. Breathe: when they've slept in Sherlock's bed they've smelled different. It turned him on then, though, too. He shifts, shivers; realizes, hips jerking up off the mattress. Breathes deep. Don't, he thinks. Don't rush. Listen, and wait. Just wait. Sherlock is Sherlock, of course; and John knows, knew, has always known: of
Sherlock raises one delicate eyebrow: a world there, in that.
The edges of the plate are almost hot enough to hurt his fingers, but not quite. Sherlock is sat at the table with his sleeves rolled up, hunched over, reading John's phone: a hot liquid surge of satisfaction in John's chest. Ought to be unbearable, John thinks. Ought to be infuriating—but it isn't. John slides the plate down in front of him and Sherlock turns up his lovely off-kilter face with his bruise-edged eyes and mouth indecisive, like a softened, sideways "S".
He sounds startled. John's heart turns over and starts at last.
"Are you having a nap?" Sherlock's eyebrows are making a run for the ceiling. "You never nap."
"Bean sprout," Sherlock suggests, "very cooling"; and John nods, eyes watering, as he shovels up all the bits of sprouts that Sherlock had missed in the remains of his own, perfectly innocuous soup.
"While you're listening to me upstairs," John says, and kisses his shoulder. "Getting ready for bed."
"I just can't help but notice that you and I've found a bloody efficient way to dispose of our off hours," John says, "these past couple days."
"Not the way you mean, at least." John sighs. "I don't think—I never really thought of him as being—being a people-pleaser, you know, he's so—he can be so—well, difficult, really. Abrasive. But—." He stops. Swallows—
Breaking. John pulls on the chain strung between his nipples and Sherlock thrashes against him, groaning, shoving back.
: There are some mentions of real London people, places, and things by name in this chapter (Village, Jackson & Rye, &c). These nouns are all used for geographical grounding in London and are unfortunately nouns with which I am more or less wholly unfamiliar; both accuracies and inaccuracies are more or less accidental, and I apologize for both. Nothing I say here should be considered to be an actual statement about those people, places, and/or things in real life, in any way, other than the fact that they are located basically where I say and that
"Fuck," half-sobbed, "
swathed in shaving foam Sherlock's hands always look paper-white and enormous, vast resting gulls perched in his fingers, on his palms. It's a bit overwhelming, a lot of the time. Silent John rubs little moving circles all up the length of him: knuckle, to knuckle, to the hinge of his palm. John is listening. Flushed and pink mouthed Sherlock is breathing open-mouthed and watching John like pornography or a crime scene, which John has never been idiot enough to pretend he doesn't like. Watching Sherlock's face John wraps his hand around Sherlock's fingers together, three-four-five, and then digs his thumb into the meat at their base. Rubbing 'round and around the delicate bones in Sherlock's palm, then squeezing down his three fingers together while Sherlock inhales, his arching back squeaking against the bath.
as panting-burning up Sherlock writhes fucking
John closes his eyes, very briefly, and then takes a breath. "I'm fine," he says; and Sherlock watching his face doesn't look much like he believes him, but he nods.
"All right," he says, quiet, and then swallows: once.
John blinks. "What brought that up?"
Instead, he says, "Knowing how sweet I could be, with you"; and Sherlock lets out a gasp.
John catches it. It's fuzzy, and green. Softer than his.
Sherlock swallows. Nods. He sets his cup down in the spot where the seventeenth letter goes and pulls out a chair; his suit jacket slides off the back. The condensation from his drink has left dark splotches on his shirt. When he sits down, John reaches over and untangles the sunglasses from his hair. Hands them over. Sherlock folds them up and puts them on the table, then in his shirt pocket, then jerks them out again and sets them on the table again; and then John says, "Piece of work, this one, isn't he," and gives the seventeenth letter a little wave.
"You mean," John says, and then stops. Reeling. Thinking—the sounds feel sharp on his tongue. He wonders if he has made a mistake. "I—why," he asks, "what about—what about you?"
John swallows. "Sixteen."
Sherlock shifts. "This?" Brushing his mouth—and John inhales, looking up, and
"Can you reach the table like this?" Sherlock asks, after a moment.
John closes his eyes. "Tell me, then," he whispers, and kisses down—right—down— "Seven—seven—eight, Christ,
, in that way he has of cutting right down to the squirming blushing heart of what John didn't entirely realize he actually means.
, John thinks, with a strange, dizzy jolt:
"How'm I doing?" John asks.
"Well, I suppose if it's what we've got," Sherlock says, but he still sounds dissatisfied.
"There's not anything else to do." Sherlock is still twisting his shoulders about, Harry's ninth attempt at a jumper rucked halfway up his right ribs: "Nothing, even, in the fan mail from the website."
"How's that?" John asks. "Enough, or—"
Shaking.
you come to Rouen?"
and you are always welcome to
to be the person who made that call, to be—to be the person who was deciding that twelve years didn't matter, that the law didn't matter, that the—the social contract that said that he and Sherlock weren't—the same, that didn't matter, that—that rape, that oh, just a
"I don't think I
; he hadn't said,
"And an apricot danish," John agrees. "You can have half of each."
Above his head, Sherlock presses their four hands together. John's stomach dips and rolls, toes curling, as Sherlock fits his left fingers around John's two wrists, and squeezes tight.
"Is your laptop all right?" John asks, shaking the second pillow into one of the cases from the spare set Sherlock keeps in a wide flat fabric bin beneath his bed.
John's still got a spring in his step when he gets back to the flat, late afternoon crisp and cool on the back of his neck as he unlocks the door. Upstairs, he can hear Sherlock lightly murdering the violin: it makes his mouth curve up, something buoyant and fizzing gathering under his ribs. Sherlock sets the violin down in its case by the sofa when John comes in, then rests his elbows on his knees.
John drops his hand. "Pants," he says. "Trousers. Go have your shower," he says, quiet; and when John steps back, Sherlock nods, and stands up.
She still isn't saying anything. Prickling up his back. "God," he says, thick, "I
John licks his bottom lip. "Well, not much point in arguing about it. Unless you've got some magic recipe for dried pasta, hot sauce, an egg, a half an onion, and, I don't know, that packet of banana-flavored corn snacks you brought back from Korea last year—"
"Can I?" Sherlock moves restlessly, twisting: rubs his cheek on John's thigh and John pulls off long enough to say, "Yeah," voice scratchy; and Sherlock leans back in. Back curved skin shining, squirming: his cock hits John in the cheek and John huffs as Sherlock gasps, "Fuck—sorry," but heart in his throat John just rubs at his hip, licks him all over Sherlock slick and bitter all over his throat with his lips feeling sand-scraped, overkissed, dripping all over his mouth like he could flood his dry throat and then Sherlock pulls up just long enough to gasp, "
," Sherlock says, and then bites down on his bottom lip.
Sherlock clears his throat, pushing up to his feet. His skin parting from John's fingers which refind him: hip. Knee. Thigh: John wants him back. Close.
"Her youngest is projectile vomiting," she explains, under her breath.
"Water?" Sherlock asks, quiet.
John—
Tongue. Soft.
His hand splaying open. The small of John's back. Christ, John's vision is swimming: lightheaded with something that isn't quite relief. Holding Sherlock so close his pulse beats inside him while Sherlock's big hands squeeze his shoulders until they ache.
"Ask him along, then," Rhoda says, and John laughs, very nearly stepping back. He wouldn't come, John knows; not even for the promise of an entire table of total strangers to examine, judge, and excoriate; he'd give John a flat, scornful look of total disbelief that John'd asked, even, and then naturally arrange to turn up in the middle with an interesting murder, and to say cutting things to the pretty girl sitting at John's right.
—and then John stumbles out of the shower grabbing for his towel dripping on the landing to follow him out, shouting, "
"Mm." A kiss, then: smallish, sweet. "You smell good."
"No." Sherlock's chopsticks hesitate, open, above the molten sun center of John's egg.
"What I'd want to do to you," Sherlock repeats, muffled by John's skin, and then grinds up against him, rolling John's eyes back into his head.
"Still do," John admits, very quietly, and Sherlock's eyelids slip half-closed.
John falls into step beside him. "Wain?"
John rubs at his eyebrows, aching, and then. Rests.
"Hm." John pets. Pets. "What's that?"
—" and twists, kissing him: knotting his hands up in his hair and his mouth open-wet on Sherlock's wet opening mouth and their arms and John feels—skin crawling wanting—
Sherlock doesn't ask, but John can still feel it hanging over them. "I don't know, I—Thursday, I—"
The other eye opens. "I," Sherlock says, and then stops.
"Oh," Sherlock says.
Sherlock stops. Hesitates, and John finds that his heart is suddenly heavy in his chest, loud in his ears. He wants Sherlock to finish that sentence, for some reason; he wants to
"Are you unhappy now?" George asks; and after a moment, swallowing, mute, John nods.
and Sherlock jerks back.
"Please let me," John whispers; and looking up at him red-faced cracked-apart wide-eyed, Sherlock opens his mouth, so that John can brush his teeth.
Sherlock is breathing slow and even, cheeks pink as he pets at John's tongue. In, out. In. Hypnotic, that: John breathes. Breathes. Breathes.
John splays his hand flat on his chest. "Am I not touching you?" he asks, quiet. Tucking his fingers under-around Sherlock's bent-up lean thigh, the hair along the soft insides half-floating soft in the water, as John pets up towards meat of his calf where it is hiding the soft crook at the back of his knee.
"Are you going to shout at me, then?" Sherlock asks; "Would it help?" John replies; and Sherlock looks up at the ceiling, taking a slow, deep breath.
"Not Snap," John agrees. A kiss: rubbing Sherlock's wiry calves with the sides of his stockinged feet.
The buzzing stops. Sherlock doesn't answer. Just keeps looking up at him, tense all over, wide-eyed with his hand on John's thigh.
"Lily," Sherlock replies; and then hesitates. Touches John's mouth; and doesn't say anything.
John's hand, Sherlock's cheek. Slowly John shakes his head. "Unless," he says, "you want me to be."
They kiss.
) but can't—wants, always—and. Wants. And wants. And wants, and wants, and wants.
"I love you," Sherlock whispers, with their mouths held almost not quite but almost touching; and when John inhales it feels like breathing barbed wire:
"God." Nearly laughing, squirming and red— "Sod off, I don't even still—
is fine, though."
, and that means information, doesn't it, and Mycroft has that information, and Bianca mediates for Mycroft: so it's simple, when you get right down to it, really.
"I can—," John says. Swallows. "Come towards the—"
John can hear it, when Sherlock swallows.
—" so that John stretches until the side of his neck cracks and his teeth bump copper-sharp into Sherlock's lush mouth with their bodies working inexorably together while John gasps, "I, I'm going to," and Sherlock groans, "Please,
, lube squelching through the sides of John's fingers as he gets them around Sherlock's fingers, dripping—down, getting all over his pushed-aside trunks and his barely-open trousers, probably—probably'd make John take them to the cleaners, and John wouldn't even care, not with—with Sherlock's fingers, his long sensitive fingers, tangled-tangling up with John's wet fingers, John's chest aching fit to break as he nuzzles over Sherlock's patchy stubble and tongue-kisses him panting and wet; pressing their foreheads together, biting Sherlock's bottom lip, as they touch him both together wet and hot and slick. John'd have to do it right-handed, or they'd bump wrists; so he does it right-handed: arches up
"Well," John says, quiet, "we already knew that you were cleverer than me"; and pets his thumb along one hot, flushed cheek.
"Texts," Sherlock says, "from me," and puts John's mobile down so he can slide his fingers behind John's knee: John pulls his chair over so he can sit. Legs touching. Sherlock says, "You deleted them," and then picks up a slice of toast. It crunches when he bites into it, showering blackened crumbs all over his lap and chin. Watching him lick at the corner of his mouth John floods with that same tide of desire and coal-hot possession. It leaves him dizzy, nearly.
Sherlock laughs, looking up at him: his sharp lovely rueful green eyes. "All right," he concedes, "yes, all right"; and then—of course—he sighs.
Static-shocked. Stopped.
All at once, pulling together, Sherlock's shoulders hunch up.
"Should I?" Sherlock asks, with interest.
"Ass," he says, finally; and, mouth full, Sherlock laughs.
Sherlock huffs. "What do you mean, how?"
Right. John nods: Rouen. He turns the cutting board and gives the garlic another chop-chop-chop, finer every time. "Just how minced do you want this?" John asks, and Sherlock peers over.
John nods. "That was great," he murmurs. He's so soft. Must've just shaved.
"So then tell me—you've already seen me," John says, rough and low, "on my knees, going out of my mind, so—"
She shrugs. "I don't know. Maybe it should. Maybe it
"Mm." After a moment, Sherlock's hand flops up out of the water, lands flat over the back of John's hand.
," shameless, down the stairs: then swearing at himself as he jogs the whole way down after him with his arse hanging out and rivulets still running everywhere off him, rapidly cooling, to follow Sherlock to his bedroom door, which is locked: John smacks it with the meat of his palm, "Christ—
Silent, Sherlock nods. Blinks twice. John rubs his knuckles against the hem of Sherlock's coat, then shifts, straightening up; and Sherlock's hand falls hard across his, on Sherlock's tensed knee.
," bitten down at its edges, and then John curls his fingers tighter between his fingers, and Sherlock sighs.
Against him Sherlock nods, then pulls his foot out of the water to kick up at the taps: "What are you—," John asks; but then realizes: leaning forward half-thinking he'll help Sherlock get the hot on, but he can't reach so instead he tugs the stopper for a bit, half with his feet. The water's not very warm and the bath's not very full but every time Sherlock flails about a small ocean slops over the edge: knees up, sunk halfway to his shoulders like this, lying back against John: they probably look ridiculous. While the water rushes in and out together Sherlock rests his heels up on the edge, so the hot doesn't scald his long feet.
"I don't—
"Lily," John says. He doesn't think he has, he is realizing. Has he ever even told Sherlock her name?
, Mr. Watson. After all," he says, "what is this but a lesson in history?" in a tone borrowed directly from some overeducated pedant John'd reckon Sherlock spent some time being lectured by, at some point in the past; "You skip history for two weeks and earn yourself a thrashing," Sherlock says, as all the hair on John's arms stands on end, "and it is my sincerest hope that the example guides your future conduct," and then slaps the cane, light, across the backs of John's thighs.
"Not tonight," Sherlock agrees, and then exhales, easing his weight back against John's body so that John—John wants to hold him close can't help but— "Can you put them on me?" Sherlock asks, and John swallows. Any other bloke in the world would be touching himself but Sherlock's right hand is curled at his stomach, the left just resting, knuckles up, under his bent-up right knee.
Sherlock's eyes. Dark and steady, on John's face. John feels—shattered, almost. If Sherlock weren't watching him so intently he thinks by now he would've just—come apart.
Sherlock comes back into the kitchen, coat off, rolling his sleeves up, bouncing a bit on his toes.
"I've always known he'd be good for you, love," Mrs. Hudson says, in that same gentle voice, "if you'd let him."
": above him Sherlock squirming: "Seven," ground out as John pulls off, heart pounding everywhere at the edges of him and then drags Sherlock down closer by the sweat-slick sides of his hips, right to the edge of the sofa: "Oh," says Sherlock, wobbling, "Christ": as John buries his face in him, "Eight—"; rubs his stubbling mouth all over him, "Eigh—n-nine"; presses his fat blood-swollen tongue all the way in to his teeth inside of him and then
"You've had two picks," Sherlock says. "I've only had one."
He can't look away from Sherlock's face. Some part of him is noting that Sherlock is almost unbearably lovely like this, with his not-quite-black hair splashed against the white pillow and his mouth still reddened from their kissing and his eyes so open and so clear, his pupils swallowing up the sea; but the thought feels cold—distant—calculated: an objectivity that John can't at all feel with his body pressed tight against Sherlock's body, all that skin. He'd barely meant it, really, but he knows what it'd feel like, Sherlock manhandling him in his sleep: leaving handprints that'd sink down into John's body, meat and bone; curling up around him with his nose notched under John's ear and his knees tucked into the cove of John's knees, wet breath on his neck and his arm wrapped around John's middle, melted and unresisting, up and down up and down with shallow-slow sleep breathing up and down, as Sherlock nudged his wet prick back inside.
A minute passes in silence, more or less. Warm. Fragrant.
"I'm having a hard time knowing where to start," he says. "Explaining, I mean."
John rubs at his face. "What happened?" he asks, very quietly; and standing in the kitchen with his head bowed Sherlock is quiet, and very, very still.
"Lucy Matley is perfectly real and perfectly lovely, I assure you," says Mycroft. "But she hasn't spoken to Sherlock in eighteen years, and wouldn't be willing to start up again now: they didn't precisely part on the best of terms."
"As far back as you can get them," Sherlock says, quiet, and John nods, petting his thumb over Sherlock's nipple while he wriggles his left arm under Sherlock's head, and Sherlock takes an unsteady breath. He's so warm, skin peaking under John's hands and soft and sweaty and close, tucked into John's body while John rubs him up until Sherlock is panting, ragged; and then gets the clamp open-mouthed around his nipple and eases it shut.
, the whole of him starving pushing back tight-throbbing around Sherlock's long fingers "because it's not as good when it's not me, is it?" so flushing hotter and hotter John shakes his head, shakes his head; "so you'd just have to come down here after," as burning and shriveling John nods and squirms and nods, "so I could bugger you properly," Sherlock's voice dropping lower, a little breathless, "even if you were wrecked already, raw and used and wet," and
"How old is Sherlock?" George asks; and John rubs at his face.
Sherlock jerks his chin up, down again.
He runs the water hot and comes out flushed, a bright pink blob through the fog on the mirror. He keeps touching his face, which seems oddly unfamiliar. Starting to get rough at the edges—puffy, maybe. Still tender. He dries the mirror with his towel and shaves, again, carefully; against the grain; then rinses his razor and brushes his teeth and braces his palms on the edge of the washbasin, heart beating strangely hard, as he breathes in steam and soap and the aftereffects of shaving foam as he stares at the empty bathroom and the reflected back of his electric shaver in its stand. Then he goes back into his bedroom and puts on pajama bottoms and a vest, and turns out all the lights.
John swallows. Tries to, anyway; and then shakes his head. Hands dropping. Knuckles pressing into the windowsill, knotting up.
"Well, yes, once I had enough evidence," Sherlock says. "They were—an annoyance, really. Tourists in crime. Raj'd come to Amsterdam because a city with legal weed and a good nightclub scene was his idea of heaven on earth, Matt'd come because he and Raj were more or less nonfunctional without each other, and then Matt met Gabrielle on some sort of exchange about urban farming and impregnated her in an admirable demonstration of his truly implausible heterosexuality, and by the time I'd got there all three of them'd got troublingly invested in
, and
"Is that what you need?" Sherlock asks, very low.
," Sherlock gasps, arching. Pushing—back.
A minute after that, he says, "
"I bumped into you at Tesco's, we're neighbors." He shrugs. "Can't I invite a neighbor out for a drink?"
John drifts. Next:
John nods. Petting. Hips. Spine. "And can I—"
certainly
"Why, why are you stopping," John gasps, helpless, as Sherlock pulls back off; but Sherlock, that bastard, just bends back down to return to licking happily at his balls while John grabs at Sherlock's hair and whines. Doesn't change a thing: Sherlock huffs: hot-wet and close; and Sherlock nuzzles against him, prickling and hot; and Sherlock's cheek rubs on his thigh—
like it," John explains. "I—and you know that, obviously, you—you know that I love it, I love what you do to me." Sherlock is flushed, obviously uncomfortable, looking like he'd like nothing better than to be able to take off his skin, leave the room: John sighs. Squeezes: his long warm hand. "I'm sorry, I know this is—I just," John says, "want to do that for you," feeling echoing, redundant; that Erasure tape that'd got stuck in Harry's old Astra, a year and a half on repeat: "I want to be that for you, too," he is saying, helpless; as beside him Sherlock's blush surges from magenta to scarlet, clashing absurdly with his shirt.
Sherlock doesn't answer.
"Oh, well," John says. Careful. Careful. Teasing when he says, "I mean, I'd hate to put you out," as he is tucking his fingers into the tender-soft crease of Sherlock's long leg; and, watching him, Sherlock's mouth twists, rueful and amused.
But still hollow-mouthed and leaking, leaking all over, sweating and salty and panting as Sherlock watches him ravenous: John wants to let him. John wants to let Sherlock put John's dildo into him where Sherlock has been with his cock and his toys and his tongue and his fingers, the first person John's loved in years, and the last, and the truest; and so helpless and starving in his long clever hands John lets Sherlock touch him rub him open peel him so entirely that when John comes he can barely feel it, not with Sherlock's panting-hot still-wanting breath so close to him not touching that even shivering-sticky out of his skin want is still—still fucking
Sherlock hums, shifting. "It's harder to clear out things from when I was really little," he says, and then gives John a lopsided quarter of a smile while John pulls his boxers on over his stockings and suspenders. Good enough.
Sherlock makes a vague noise of disapproval.
"D'you think?" Sherlock whispers.
He stops. Presses his lips together. His hot face to John's face. John's face is burning up. He rubs his mouth against the edges of Sherlock's mouth, and Sherlock squirms closer against him, pressing—and then Sherlock gives him a little, impetuous kind of a kiss, and John is—he feels—is saying, "Sherlock," with all his locks falling open; as "Yeah," against him Sherlock whispers, "Please"; and John—wants to, he wants nothing more than to— "I'd touch you all over," he says, is saying, feeling— "I wanted to," overflowing, "to do everything we could do standing up and about—about twelve thousand other things besides," overrunning his banks with Sherlock's hands on his face, his arse, pulling him— "I wanted to—
John's heart is beating queerly hard. He leans back in his chair. "And now—what?" he asks. "Are you—what,
"Not okay?" Sherlock asks. All his sounds rubbed worn soft and pilled, like his rough jaw when he rubs his face against John's impetuous warm overflowing face.
"Precision as ever my goal," John says, "of course."
"Ungh—" Sherlock writhing-hot against him sliding wet-thick against him, panting, "Do it," licked into his mouth, "please, do it for—" and—welledupa nd o
warm-washing dark
"Oh?" John's heart thumps—once, twice—as he slides off his jacket. He hangs it on its hook, before going over. Thump, thump. "I confess myself intrigued," John says, "by this particular line of inquiry."
—just nudging against him, right up against—
—smiles.
with him: his long hands on John's hips or John's belly or holding John's wrist rubbing his thumb up-down up-down at the tender skin above John's hollow hand as he draws John into his bedroom with him and then down onto his big white bed: John manages to coax him out of his clothes, at least. Sherlock is still shaking. Breathing hard. Sherlock looks half-dead, shoulders hunched, eyes dark and hollow as he watches John's face, ravenous, while John eases him out of his shirt and his socks and trousers. As soon as they're lying bare on the sheets Sherlock reaches for him again; they do use, probably, about a liter of lube, but John's body still feels rubbed and scraped to raw pink newness, prickling and hyperaware. It doesn't much matter: Sherlock has barely got inside John again before he falls deeply and heavily asleep, lying curled tight on his side around John's back with his cock not-yet-softening in his arse and his arm 'round his waist and the duvet shoved down off the end of the mattress. John stares at the corner seam between wall and ceiling, Sherlock huffing exhaustedly against the back of his neck, and stays with him as long as he can stand it. Then he pulls away, slow and careful, eases himself off the bed, and tugs the duvet back up over Sherlock's limp, huddled, bare body, before going upstairs so he won't wake Sherlock with the shower. When he comes back downstairs Sherlock is gone again, but at least this time he's taken his mobile.
"A few," Sherlock whispers.
John swallows. Opens his mouth for Sherlock to put it in, and John closes his lips around it. Sucks, a bit. Smelling Sherlock's warm close body he swallows, swallows: Christ. He hollows his cheeks and
Marianne is silent. John takes a breath.
; then says, "All right,
"Do you want—" He stops. Swallows. Forces every huddled flinching part of him into formation long enough to look Sherlock in the eye and ask, "Should we sleep upstairs?" and Sherlock's face slackens, suddenly: a loose, empty expression that John suspects most people don't know to recognize as relief. All right. All right. John touches his side, just below his ribs, hand uncertain, unsteady; Sherlock, warm and breathing, doesn't pull away.
"Can I do anything?" John asks, quiet.
John laughs, embarrassed.
mouth on—on his—
"What?" Against his hair Sherlock sounds indignant; shaking his head John twists. "
"Let's—lie down," John says, quiet. "Can we lie down?"
Upstairs John flosses and brushes his teeth; shaves carefully, with the grain; and then helpless gets into the shower again and scrubs himself off: his fear and his worry; his flavorless cheese sandwich; Natalie's tea and expressions; his entire grinding, miserable day. When he pads back out damp and clean Sherlock is already lying on his back under John's duvet: naked, John can tell, open tired face turning towards him, body bared to him beneath the fluffy welcoming screen of the duvet. Above the top folded down his nipples are pink, shoulders pale; and his t-shirt and pajama bottoms are draped over the back of John's chair. John hangs his towel over the handle of the wardrobe and stuffs his dirty clothes into his basket of washing, and then slides under the covers with Sherlock already reaching for him: pressing his broad hands flat and heavy to John's chest and John's hips and John's thighs which he is pulling towards him, up across him: John rolling up to sit on Sherlock's thighs with their cocks resting barely-hardening between them. Arms loose. Not kissing. Looking down. If Sherlock touches him, John will respond, and he knows it; when Sherlock's hands slip up his knees John reaches down and pins Sherlock's forearms to his thighs.
, like
made out of an entire muppet," John says.
Skin. Warm skin. And his fingers, and. Nuzzling. Nuzzling-nuzzling tasting. Tasting
"Yeah," John whispers. Shivering. Pushing into— "Yeah."
It sticks, somehow; spends all afternoon lurking about in the back of John's mind along with Sherlock's knees and elbows in all the wrong places in John's too-small bed upstairs, making John feel warm and knotted up and strangely helpless: all these little ways that Sherlock held—no,
"Why do you think there are times you should say no?" George asks; and John swallows again, and again, and then takes a breath.
, he'd meant; but Sherlock is kissing him again, biting it out of him: panting open-mouthed hot kisses while John slick slip-slides tight against him thigh between his hot thighs; and then Sherlock moans, "
. John could be soft. Would be soft, wants to be soft: if somewhere flat and soft and quiet John could nuzzling and tender rolling about with him: arms wrapped around him while they, like children, kissed—
He nods.
Flat on his back, flushed all over. Panting. Dark-eyed.
"You should tell me." Biting John's lip. "What on earth you were thinking." Pressing the palm of his hand against John between them: "while you were tossing off in your desk chair, looking at pictures of me."
"Yeah," John says. Tongue thick. "I was unhappy."
"Do you want to have a bath with me?" John asks, quiet. That little knob of bone: heart-stopping. Taste thick in the back of John's throat. Sherlock doesn't answer. John looks up: his face. "Will you have a bath with me?" John says, instead; a simpler question; and Sherlock inhales, straightening, and says, "Of course I will," in his crispest, most superior Winchester-and-Cambridge-hewn vowels, then adds, "Don't be stupid, John," and turns back for an instant to turn off the taps.
Sherlock hums. Curls up tight around him, sticky and hot but the air pressing at them, still cool—John reaches down for the duvet, drags it up to their waists. Nothing to it. They're already going to have to wash every scrap of anything within a meter of the bed.
"Mmm, you're going to keep doing
: God. Already in that moment John'd been wound aching-tight with adoration and longing, words tangling in a wet-blurred jumble somewhere between his brain and the screen.
She smiles back, apologetic. "Mr. Williamson's got a meeting with his solicitor at half two."
John squeezes his eyes shut tight. Breathing—breathing in. Sherlock smells like Sherlock, warm and a little sharp. Familiar. John's hands hovering just over the warm, living planes of his back.
"All this time you haven't," Sherlock says, "owed me a thing."
, at first. Of course at first, there had just been a stranger wearing an expensive-looking navy blue coat and a textured necktie and a pair of extremely fashionable pointy leather dress shoes, holding a bunch of rubbishing lilacs while scowling at Sherlock's tombstone on the first anniversary while John, far shabbier, and coming second, had found himself stopped stock-still ten feet away blooming up with feeling—
but it looks like—," aching; "—like you give yourself up over and over to what I want, to what—your lovers want, what they
John rubs at his cheeks. His mouth. Alone in the flat just past ten in the morning of a Sunday: it's possible he. He isn't. Handling this well, he doesn't think.
Sherlock looks—young. Hair sticking up face sleepy-soft bright-eyed:
"One?" John asks.
Knuckles on his door. "John," Nat says, sticking her head in.
"Please." John's voice cracks: can't care. Can—can touch, pull his knee, his right foot pressing against. The edge. Of Sherlock's foot, on the floor, pressing, barely—barely moving, unsteady, until Sherlock steps aside. Turns. Pulls the coffee table scraping (his sole, John's toes curl), and sits on the edge of the near side. Square in front of him. Staring at John's face.
"I—" John shudders— "Y—no, I didn't—" gasps—
aching John feels—desperate, nearly; and strange; tangled up with a nonsensical feeling somewhere between loneliness and—and lust, really, almost: wanting—certainly wanting Sherlock's skin on his skin and his mouth on his mouth while stroking John's hands stroke and keep stroking, tender with the battering waves of Sherlock's warm body: in his chest his heart capsizing over and over, for the past eternity and a half as "Yeah," John says, thick. "I want you to."
John can feel it, can't he. That unsure-rippling tension, running up through Sherlock's legs and his back to his shoulders, hunching up. Again, he thinks. Again. Sherlock's back is to him. The flushing fair nape of his neck. John swallows, hand splaying on Sherlock's belly, worn cotton; presses his face to the center of Sherlock's spine for an instant; and then—then he guesses. He guesses, doesn't he? Can't do anything but guess, pulling back, hand spread-holding looking up at the long line of Sherlock's tensed back and his red-dripping shoulders taut arms as John says, "Tell me what color your throat is," very gently, "and I'll let you up."
"I don't know," he says, finally. "Not—not rationally, I suppose. I mean—I know that—so much of our relationship hasn't been in question, you know? That I—love him, and that he—." John waves a hand.
"Ah," says John; and Sherlock inhales, scrubbing his palms over his face, and says, "
Sherlock laughs. Gasps. Laughs and gasps and gasps. Clutching at John back and shoulders press-pulling close can't be close can only be so close and John can't—can't undo—can't be what—can't care more then or care less now but this, but
He stops. Digs the heels of his hands into his eyes.
"You've seen what happens to me during a match," John says, "do you really think I've still got anything I played in twenty-five years ago?"
, and it'd be years yet,
," Sherlock says, muffled. Buzzing all the way down through John's ribs. "I
"Yes," Sherlock says, and then licks his bottom lip. "Not what you asked, though, is it."
; and then Sherlock's mouth on his earlobe is closing: lips. Tongue. Teeth.
"Pillow?" Sherlock asks.
"Lucy Matley," he says, again. "I don't—I don't
"What do you think," John asks, "will we be back tonight?"
"I want to," John says. "Just—just on the sofa, please. Just for a little while."
It should be awful, by rights. Isn't. John tucks his foot back around Sherlock's sultry sweaty ankle, breathes. Breathe in, heart thud, breathe in. Breathe in the bed his body your body together. Between us John's back Sherlock's front pressed together, springing wet with sweat. Sherlock is transparently rubbing his hard-on against the underside of John's arse: breathing John drags the top of his foot up along the back of Sherlock's calf. Parting his thighs. Mouth and nose breath-damp buried in the hair behind John's ear Sherlock says, "hm!"; and, startled, John laughs.
"It didn't take me time to
John is, in the abstract, familiar with kissing. He is familiar, even, with kissing
John brushes his knuckles over Sherlock's wrist as he takes a mug, then leans over to pass it to Mycroft, while Sherlock bolts back into the kitchen without another word.
Somewhere out in the sunlight: people they know and have known. Mrs. Hudson, Rhoda, Mike, Mycroft. Harry. Greg and Donovan and Irene.
, freighted with tiredness, on the stairs.
Sherlock pulls back. John's throat makes a noise without asking, and Sherlock smirks at him. Kisses just at the ridge of John's hip when John says, "Bastard," with his mouth pulled at the corners, and rubs his thumb up under John's balls: John inhales, drops his arms out, his knees.
"Twenty," Sherlock counters, and John leans back just far enough to shake his hand.
"Yeah," he admits. Sherlock pets at John's sternum, a little too fast to just seem gentle, nothing else. John shifts against him, skin pulling where they stick. Sherlock's still hard inside him, holding himself, very carefully, still. It's all right. "Want to keep going?" John asks.
bathroom," John says, finally. Sherlock squints up at him, so John lets one eyebrow twitch up. "And then," he says, "I'd ask what you'd
: Sherlock is quite certain, then, that it's Raj.
, John notes. Not
. That had felt, somehow, worse: John had gone over with the express purpose of telling him, but he'd still gone to bed with him again, first.
been careful of his history between 1976 and 2010, more or less, but even before this morning he'd said enough for John to read between the lines of posh mum mad gran no dad, to trace back from two abortive years at Cambridge to a schoolboy crush on a fencing master to a childhood unsupervised nicking bits off the hedgerows in Wolvercote, and guess at the shape of what comes in between. All this time John's brain's been catching on an idle mention made four years ago of the summers after Mycroft left for school and mostly didn't come back, spent boxed up inside with an aging academic's abstruse at-home library and a much-resented inhaler, practicing, endlessly, the violin; but all of a sudden it occurs to John to wonder who ever took the time to teach Sherlock to shave.
His trousers are black. Were black. Smeared on the hip and the thigh. John puts his fingers on it and feels wet and then remembers and so then his mouth, he puts his mouth on it, and Sherlock touches his head.
Upstairs John turns on the lamp by his bed even though it's still mostly light out and then draws Mrs. Hudson's filmy white curtains and then waits. Sherlock is hovering just inside the doorway, looking at the lamp, the bed, the wardrobe, the chair where John sits to put on his shoes; and John doesn't know what to do. He doesn't know if it's crueler to wait or just ask, doesn't know if he ought to take off his clothes, or Sherlock's, or neither; doesn't know how much space to leave for Sherlock to breathe, and how much leaves him helpless, alone, at sea. The door behind Sherlock is open: John wishes it weren't. The shadows in the stairwell are creeping up onto the landing, too close; and it doesn't matter, John knows that, it's stupid and pointless and distracting but finally John can't stand it any longer and goes over to pull it closed. It leaves him washed up close to Sherlock; not touching, but close: loosening the snarl of knots inside him, as it shuts the lamplight in.
. He feels a little lightheaded. Sherlock's long bare arm is sliding out behind him, along the back of the chair. John puts his hand on Sherlock's cheek. Keeping him—. He kisses him again and again and again while Sherlock is bending down to meet him, cautiously perched in his lap, half-encircled by his arm. Helpless John touches the small of his back, his belly, his side, wanting—wanting—; then feels Sherlock tense and hunch above him all at once: John's thumb just touched to a rib.
Sherlock sighs, but he doesn't argue about it, just rolls back up onto his left and lets John curl back in around his back.
"God—" John chokes. Jerking— "You—utter bastard, I—"
"Yes," Sherlock says. "It was the head chef, several tins of bad kippers, all very tedious, but..."
"Oh," wobbling, "fuck—
Sherlock leads them to Hawe. He avoids the threatened encounter with the site lead for counter-terrorism by virtue of getting PC Heller and a whey-faced man in tweed and elbow patches to lead them down to where they've taken everything that's been cleared out of the gallery, which turns out to be absolute masses of homoerotic Greco-Roman statuary that—contextually speaking—make John's skin blaze painfully. He hopes it's not visible; glad he's not got Sherlock's complexion, at least. Sherlock, for his part, is blasé about the entire thing: he has apparently deleted enough about the Greeks for it to bother him very little, which leads to a lot of awkward pauses with the tweedy curator, and also means that after they've turned up the bomb—such as it is: nonfunctional detonator—not in the art itself, but screwed instead into the base of a display that'd once held some priceless urn or another, John finds himself in the unenviable position of explaining to Sherlock how his petty-criminal former frenemy was probably coming on to him via explosives, which makes for John's second most memorable Uber ride ever.
"Look," Marianne says. "If you want to know if some days I fantasize about chucking it all in and going off and doing—chartered accountancy, or—"
John touches his nape. The long groove of his spine. Quiet, John admits, "My hands are getting awfully tired." Rubbing his palms at the surface of the water, up and down Sherlock's pale wet sides.
John doesn't expect to see Sherlock, either. He'd've got through the day all right enough, more or less, if he didn't: but Sherlock is pacing the living room when John gets back from the surgery, and John hesitates in the doorway, then comes in, and shuts the door behind him. He isn't entirely certain whether he expects to have a fight or get screwed over the furniture again but what he gets is Sherlock shooting him an aching, desperate look, and then going back straightaway to pacing, hand up and clenching in his hair, which is tangled queerly, sticking up all over: he clearly hasn't showered. John'd bet money he hasn't got that Sherlock hasn't slept, either.
Sherlock is flushing, again; huddling in over his hunched ribs and folded belly, red all the way down to his thighs.
"Impertinent, Mr. Watson," Holmes says, voice even. "That's another... oh, four, I think."
Graceless.
Sherlock is frowning at him. "Did you
, swelling up at the top of John's lungs, choking, lurking just waiting to fall out of his mouth: and it crawls on his spine on his scalp in his throat heavy-slick prickling as he swallows, a sour-sick wave of shame.
"That seems better, to me," John says, finally. "Asking, I mean. If one of us thinks that maybe—I mean, instead of both of us just—guessing, fumbling around at random and not knowing if that was—right, or. Good, or bad, or—or
"Bastard." Voice warm. Sherlock curling against-into him, breathless, giggling: John kisses him: punishment. Ineffective: Sherlock shivers. Purrs.
will he.
"Run my fingers along the insides of my fingers, the spaces in between." Sherlock settles his weight lower into his hips: it makes them more nearly a height. "Sometimes," he says, "I put them in my mouth."
incidental chemistry reference in this section, and finally decided that I would, just because it's been a really weird couple weeks to be a scientist. Besides, everyone likes fireworks, right? So here is
And Sherlock straightens up. A wet-blurred smear of motion, and then. Then his hands, heavy on John's shoulders. The right one warmer than the left.
, if one of your little minions isn't equipped to give us a lift I'm perfectly capable of getting—"
Sherlock can't talk properly while John is shaving him: a perfectly reasonable excuse, John thinks, for a bit of time. He remains quiet while John works his steady way around his mouth, contorting his face in response to the press here and there of John's fingers: it should be ridiculous, really, but it isn't.
"You can use my shampoo," Sherlock says, nodding; and then goes: so that's what John does, then. Sits on the edge staring at himself in the mirror and then
"Fuck," Sherlock gasps, and stilling-shudders—
; and John smiles at him, feeling warm. Sweet.
"It isn't," Sherlock says, voice tight.
He tucks in his foot. "So you're glad to be home, then," he says, finally.
Sherlock glances up at him, but he doesn't stop. He is wrapping the strap around him, very carefully, handling John's genitals in a way that no one other than John, quite frankly, handles John's genitals: it's—
," John says, quiet; and against him, slow and steady, Sherlock exhales.
John breathes in. The pebble, rippling out. He rubs at his jaw, rough with stubble, because in the morning he'd not had time to shave; and if the mundanity of the scrape of his cheek on his palm goes someway toward breaking him free it doesn't finish the job. Not quite. His eyes keep catching on the edge of the coffee table: purple eyeliner. He can't—stop. His thoughts—whirling, he thinks, forcibly. Behind that self-correction, bubbling up: his thoughts
, Sherlock texts back.
missed you, and I hadn't—I don't think I realized how much I'd been—"
When he does Sherlock tips his face down against the back of John's shoulder, his nose tucking inside the collar of John's shirt. John reaches back, slipping his hand into Sherlock's hair. Sherlock slides his arm around John's waist, pulling John's back tight against his front.
"Please," Sherlock whispers; so John braces his left hand on the tile so he can ease himself down onto his knees.
Silence. A long time. John's chest hurts.
"Please," John gasps, pushing—downfullthick hard full up teeth-clacking and his hands and—
"I am, aren't I?" Under the duvet he wraps his arm tight around Sherlock's middle, and Sherlock folds his hand over John's hand. "Truly," John asks, quiet. "Will you sleep?"
"Move," Sherlock gasps, his back a bridge, "move dow—yeah," shaky, as John moves down to nuzzle at his knee. Sherlock crooks it up, John kisses the side: "Five," Sherlock says, then, "Thanks," and John rubs his cheek on his skin, stubble scrape. "Six," Sherlock says, and then, a little unsteadily, laughs.
"We could go out," John suggests. "While you were gone I think I let the shopping slip, a bit."
Sherlock doesn't answer. Just looks down at him, silent.
, for him to not sound so unsure.
as Sherlock kisses the arch of John's clenching foot—
"He can't avoid it
"Yeah, but that was—easy, I mean, I knew what I had to—it more or less went: I've got a job, mate, I intend to keep it, so whatever else we do has to fit itself around—" Swallowing. "That. And—"
Blanketed by Sherlock's warm weight with their palms over his hollow belly, John swallows. "I'm actually. Uh,
"You didn't have to do this," Sherlock says, quiet.
John breathes.
At last Sherlock says, "The awful bit about being young—about having been young. About. Things that happened when one was young."
"Good," Sherlock whispers, and kisses him. John whines. Sherlock nods, nose brushing against him, and then pulls back, inch after inch, still pinning him to the wall with his arm and his thigh—
John presses their foreheads together: blurring in shadow between them Sherlock's green smudgy eyes, out of focus: their pulse echoes one-two-one-two conducting between them; John presses their noses together. Their mouths.
Sherlock does smell awful. "You're a little sweaty," John admits; and Sherlock twists his face up from the pillow to look at him, mouth curving, lopsided.
John rubs at his face. It still feels—all right. Mycroft. Bianca. Chloe. "He's going to be furious with me for calling you," he says, finally.
"No?" Sherlock licks sweat off the back of his neck and John jerks, feeling—cupping his hand around himself, his aching balls and his still-barely-hard prick as "New to you?" Sherlock asks. "Haven't been dreaming of putting on your old school rugby kit and—"
"Fine, I mean—" John straightens— "if you're not bothered, I'm not, I just—"
After a moment, Sherlock steps over the edge of the bath, gingerly. Braces a hand on the wall and lowers himself down in between John's knees. They don't fit, really. Shifting about John's arse creaks on the porcelain and no one traps anyone else's genitals,
John laughs.
—nothing.
John looks back, steady.
Sherlock's arms have come up around him. One hand flat on the back of John's hip. So close: his hot face to John's face. Breath cool on his jaw. Their noses bump together.
Panting. Panting, as Sherlock hooks a leg around him hands hard in his hair and gasps: "Your cock."
"That's good, John," George says. "That's quite literally why I'm here."
, but I did know
, so I can't do anything but connect the fucking dots." Unsteady. "And so there's—school, and—yes, your—Hélène, all right, but also the rest of your miserable sodding family, and—and then there's Jacob. And I know—I
—and Sherlock ducks his head down, balled up. Pressing his face to John's throat.
"Stop," John says; and Sherlock presses their foreheads together. He is breathing, John notes, a little fast.
"Just stay." Sherlock's voice, rough and low. "Until we're. Satisfied."
"All right," John says, and then takes a breath, long and slow, and says, very quietly, "But it's distressing to you anyway."
Sherlock waves a long hand. Doesn't sit up.
It takes him a moment to look back up at George's face; but when he manages it at last he sees something that might, perhaps, be surprise; and John feels absurdly, almost viciously pleased. George is young, handsome, gay in that way that couldn't hide it even if he tried (which he wouldn't); he wears floaty multicolored scarves and sounds like Kenneth Williams and talks with his hands and dates (John knows, through the slightly-incestuous friend-of-a-friend-of-a-friend-of-an-ex-lover mess of connections amongst him and George and the grotesquely gossipy support group he first went to with Harry) a moderately infamous bearded Asian drag queen. John doesn't think he's ever successfully surprised George before. If it is surprise, even. George's voice is entirely relaxed, when he says, "A lot of people aren't very interested in sex"; and John—laughs. Laughs outright. Dizzying, nearly: the idea.
"No," Sherlock says. "Handicap."
John smiles. "Past my purgatorial limit, am I?"
, John thinks, then says, "Why don't you hop up here next, Sam?" and ends up sending them both home with prescriptions for amoxicillin.
"Too much?" John asks, and Sherlock pants, "No, no, let me just—can I, pillow?" and John says, "Yeah," kneeling back so Sherlock has the room to thrash himself up for a pillow. He works it under his belly, pushing his arse up. It's a five-star view.
"I could've asked," John says; and Sherlock stops. John rolls up onto his side, facing him on his back: Sherlock's unhappy overtired angular profile, his high-contrast mess of ink hair milk skin. "I should've asked," John whispers, "but I didn't, and I should've, so I'm asking now": sliding his arm round his middle, his soft-salty belly, wiry ribs as he says, "Sherlock, I don't want to hurt you, I want you to be happy, would you like me to not shag other people"; and unsteady Sherlock says, "Yes."
John gets up onto the bed, hands and knees. Flexes his arse, a little; Sherlock's breathing hard enough that John can hear it when it catches. There's a mirror to his left: if John just barely turns his head, he can watch Sherlock stepping out of his trousers. Pushing down his pants. Christ, he's good-looking: John is struck, momentarily, by the supreme unfairness of everything before Sherlock sits down by his right hip and John twists to look over at the real thing. Dark hair. Pale smooth back: Sherlock tucks his knee up, turning, so he can get his hands on John's arse, heavy and firm, and pull him apart.
; her blonde curls bob, as she turns her face away from the animated discussion of some yet-to-be-released indie occurring between her and Denise and Rhoda, looking down at her lap just long enough to reply,
"Yeah." John drops his hands down along Sherlock's throat. Shoulder. The nape of his neck: touched, as Sherlock lifts his head, very close. His eyes still half-closed, lips wet.
John nods. "All right."
"; and then leads Sherlock over to the sofa.
His voice is low. Uncertain, almost. John'd give—anything.
"Assistant to the set designer, yes," Sherlock says.
"Sir," calls a eager-looking young constable with spots and extraordinary eyelashes, leaning out of the ticket hall: Greg and Sally trot over with John and Sherlock just behind them, inside to where a police dog is snuffling around the base of a big cardboard barrel and whining insistently: Sherlock shoves through the assembled throng and leans in and snatches out a black rucksack before anyone can stop him.
"What?" John says. "I was fine."
"Mm?" John kisses him.
George takes another bite of his salad.
. Sherlock gasps and gasps, clenching at his hand nearly so hard it'd break; and knelt up above him John takes a breath, slow and steady, lets it out. Sherlock's prick is dripping onto his heaving belly, shiny, catching the last of the light. John swallows and crawls up above him to turn on the lamp.
"I note," says Sherlock, "that you haven't got out of bed."
, and I. I'm not—I can't—I."
Anyway. Like I said, neither Anne nor Isobel is precisely based on a historical person, but they are amalgamated from/spiritual cousins of a number of real twentieth century women in mathematics, science, and computing, including but not limited to the aforementioned
He stops.
"I'd had what I thought was really quite a good idea, actually," Sherlock is saying, and John's mouth moved, it did, it shaped out:
"Yeah," John says, "on the right," and shrugs it off. So Sherlock hangs his shirt up in John's wardrobe, cuffs unrolled, tugged smooth; "Help yourself," John says, watching; and so, after giving it some thought, Sherlock turns back to hang his trousers up, too. He is standing with his back to John, his hair lying against his nape: a dark swooping arrow pointing down his neck towards the planes of his back, the shadowy snaking groove of his spine, the dimples just above his little black shorts; drawing John's eyes down all the way down his narrow lean-muscled legs and the tender backs of his knees and his left sock, slipping down around his ankle as John watches him pull it off with his toes. It hits John like a wave: dizzying, overwhelming; an idea too big for him to have. John is breathing hard. He barely knows why. But he knows—he shoves his boxers down, bends over to peel his socks off. He stands up with his skin prickling up even though it's not cold and tries to keep himself from crossing his arms over his chest and waits and watches and waits and after a moment Sherlock finishes smoothing his socks out where he's hung them over his trousers on the bar and closes John's wardrobe and squares his shoulders and turns around, and John watches the blood seep up into his skin and wants—wants to be... pliant, somehow; gentle—
"John," says George.
John nods. Rubs his his face on his sleeve. Sherlock steps over beside him, crouches down. "John," he says, very gently; and John whispers, "Green."
you here for?"
In the bathroom he eyes the lingerie while he brushes his teeth. It's still hanging where he left it to dry last night, demure, motionless. He wonders if Sherlock looked it over; then kicks himself, feeling stupid. Of course Sherlock looked it over. Probably went through John's cupboards, too: he's Sherlock. He probably looked the lot over and deduced a half-dozen things that he thinks he's done wrong; probably in John's bedroom right now, torturing himself over the absolute utter nonsense of John's impulse-buy lingerie. John spits. Rinses. "Bastard," he tells it, but it doesn't reply.
Thuds.
"Twice a day's a bit more than I can manage on the regular, Sherlock," John says, finally. "We're not all seventeen."
"Pizza all right?" Sherlock asks, already dialing.
"I care," Sherlock mutters, and then, "When you kiss me I feel like I haven't got any skin left." His shoulders hunching up. Holding his tea cupped in two hands in his lap.
"Grand Master at Snap, are you?" John asks. Mouth curving. "I suppose you're Grand Master at everything"; and Sherlock hums, and then lifts up his head.
"Nowhere dangerous," John says. Swallows. "Just—your back, or—" and Sherlock sets down the bowl and the whisk and turns around to face him and folds John into a good-smelling, tight-close warm hug.
of puppies falling asleep on the stairs," as though he doesn't know that because he's watched the lot; so John just says, "All right, how about from now on
Sherlock is watching him.
Heart pounding face hot John strips back the sheet and the duvet so he can tug the bottom sheet, bared, flat and taut. Then he pulls up the top sheet and smoothes it out, the duvet and smoothes it out, and then he redoes Sherlock's hospital corners. Puts the pillows back up. Even at arm's length the pillow on the far side smells like John's shampoo, the way it had smelled—different—on Sherlock's dark, soft hair.
Sherlock, very red beneath him, nods. "I did take them the next year," he says. "But."
"I know you won't, always," Sherlock says, in a strange curving unfamiliar tone; and all over his back John feels a sudden, half-familiar prickling wave.
—" John shoves towards him, as everyone else is stumbling back: "You're, what are you—" but Sherlock's already plunked the rucksack down on the desk and is opening it up, fishing out an assortment of disposable nappies, a box of wipes, a rubber dummy, and a copy of Lonely Planet Pocket London, before—eyes glittering, mouth curving—he lifts out an oversized plastic fire truck—the sort that makes loud wailing noises so that every adult in earshot will grind their teeth—and hands it to the nearest white-faced flabbergasted constable, all her freckles standing out in sharp relief. "Don't push the button," Sherlock tells her. "I doubt it makes siren sounds when it goes anymore": and the woman backs out of the building with her whole body tense with terror while Sherlock turns back to the rucksack, turning it out to disgorge a few coins, a gear-shaped fob on a ring with two keys, and a melon-scented lip balm—no crumbs. From a parent, John's come to expect crumbs. "Hm," says Sherlock, fondling the straps, the tag at the seam, and then he lifts up the rucksack, and gives it a few long, thoughtful sniffs. He hands it to John: the maple syrup smell is obvious, now that Sherlock's pointed it out. He peers down at the little white tag by the strap—the red maple leaf of the Canadian flag—then holds the rucksack out to Greg, who hands it to Sally, who slips out of the building to join the counter-terrorism officers clustered outside. "Someone's got it out for Canadians?" John asks Sherlock, and Sherlock's mouth quirks.
"Kiss me," John whispers; and Sherlock turns his face up to kiss him, hard and hungry, while John rubs over and over at the seam between scratchy-soft fabric and Sherlock's hot, silky skin: Sherlock is breathing hard, ribs—working, with his mouth on John's mouth and his damp hot useless old air, and John wants—Christ, in another world. In another world he'd spread Sherlock out in his knickers and stockings and suck him out of his skin. "Christ, can I look at you," John is gasping, helpless; "I want to—to
, and that, John can still remember. He can remember that after the third text Sherlock'd said in several configurations in some order
"Dangerous," Sherlock says, unsteady, "that."
"Right," Sherlock says, and does so; "And we still have a bit of—no, that's empty," and bins the milk, too.
John can't speak, but he nods. They
John swallows. "You stop." Spasming: John's hand, cupped over the side of Sherlock's throat and—and
is why John is not angry. John is—other things. What'd he done that for, John is wondering, half-heartedly: why that. Why then. It isn't as though it matters: this, and then that, after the other; and if he were a different John, would he try harder to piece it together? Would he, perhaps, even
Despite Nat's best efforts, underneath his shirt John's sternum aches: grateful, yes, but he'd—he'd just rather not. "He," John says, trying for light, "isn't civilized."
me, to feel like we're doing things that you don't want, so I—I need us to actually sodding
how Sherlock wants him and John comes like a punch: Sherlock thumbing over him panting into him hand tangled up with him, in hot, white pulses across Sherlock's chest and the surface of the bathwater and the bottom of Sherlock's hot-flushed chin.
"Yes, fine," she's saying, smiling straight across at him. Just as tall.
John nods. Eyes closed. "Be good," he says, thick; and Sherlock huffs, half laughs, tugging John's duvet back up to his cheeks.
John's tongue in floods. "Yeah," he asks. Careless: saliva spilling—John leans forward, wet chin, and Sherlock's hand falls on his skull, heavy caress, then landing down around his own red-hard prick to angle it—
"Stop smirking," Sherlock says. "I spotted the boy, lurking about, so I went to talk to him, but he—good set of legs on him, I'll ask Marianne about any running stars in the neighborhood—and he was about to run into traffic, so I wanted to stop him, but I was just about to him when I got knocked over by a bicyclist—"
"What do you think about?" John asks. "I mean." Swallowing. "You were upset, I could tell that you were. Kicking yourself, I think, over—over something that didn't bother me half, but I—"
, Sherlock's voice) and mounds of frills and satin and lace and a trio of shopgirls, all doing other things: a fox-faced brunette behind the register, ringing up the purchases of a plump middle-aged woman in a pantsuit; an alarmingly ringleted blonde refolding purple ruffles at a table to his right; and a petite Black girl using a hook to lift a dressing gown back to a rack high on the back wall—asymmetrical undercut—black braces—grey pinstripe necktie—and John watches her mute and pinned just inside the door until she feels him watching, and looks up.
"Export operation," John says. Enough. "You mean—where the ferries are coming from?"
"Come on, it was a fair question," John asks. "Am I safe to move?"
John nods. "By fucking me mercilessly first with shaving foam?"
"I use my hands," Sherlock says, and then clears his throat. "So—for, for realism, you should."
John swallows. Blinking hard. "Sherlock," he asks.
and slamming down, John is grinding his arse down on, on Sherlock's stiff dripping prick hard and relentless inside him while beneath him Sherlock'd moan and writhe and moan, shuddering—probably would—would fucking
they were fine"; and across from him her expression melts and softens. She sighs.
The ferry's late.
"Well, if you insist on giving her the opportunity," John says, and then sighs, thinking. Never mind that John certainly wouldn't give DS Jacobs a shot at any part of his person on
The reply's come so quickly that John squirms in his seat. He can't entirely picture it, but his brain's giving it a good try: Sherlock curled up in his bed, soft and sleepy, petting at himself, nowhere in particular to go—
John stops, and touches Sherlock's shoulder. His cheek.
John jerks his head, up and down. Can't avoid this, can he? And he knows, he has done, he always has—
: "it's all right, it's all right," John says, is saying, has been saying over and over and over: the most useless three words in the world and about the only thing he's got while he pets at the edges of Sherlock's hair and Sherlock moans and sobs out again, panicked; and then moans. He is curled—curling up like a snail in the curve of John's arms while his flush is running out of him like water through paper leaving him bone-white and cold wherever John is touching him and Sherlock is starting, all over, to shake. Desperate, John twists, tugging at the duvet: there's barely enough edge to come up around them, and "Fuck, John, I'm—I can't, I'm sorry," Sherlock is gasping, and startled John hears, "
"I've been thinking, while you were out," John says.
"You trying to get rid of me so you can read my email?" John asks, light. "Because at this point I just assume you do that anyway."
"No," he says, finally. "I don't think that."
John nods. Pushes up to his feet. Straightens. Wipes himself off with the tails of his shirt and then tucks his penis back in to his boxers and zips up his flies. Trailing Sherlock, headed into his bedroom: he won't meet John's eyes but he holds the door for him, at least. Not nothing. John won't have anywhere to sleep, if Sherlock doesn't let him into his bed.
"Good night," Sherlock says, and then tucks his mouth down towards John's shoulder. Curling in.
and John had looked up at him and said,
Sherlock laughs, low and warm against John's ribs; and then shifts, pulling back, just. Propping himself up on an elbow to look down at him, face soft. "You should go down just like this," he says, plucking at one of the suspenders: a bright sharp snap against John's thigh.
"I think you know, don't you," Sherlock murmurs, "what I ought to do."
"It's." Sherlock swallows. "Good?"
Dark. In the darkness he listens to the slow steady thud of his heart. To the counterpoint of his breath with Sherlock's breath, in in out in out out in. To the distant airy wisps of London waking up, of a Saturday, miles away down below in the street. Not touching but suggesting touching: Sherlock between John and the window, radiating heat.
"I would, though," John says, curling his fingers across Sherlock's hand, but Sherlock is already pulling it back to push at the table, twisting, trying to catch the waitress's eye. "Wait," John says. "Sherlock."
—," if you were you and I were me I mean: John, sounds, then silence: swallows, swallows: Sherlock moans. John pulling off gulping air curling his fingers inside the soft blood-hot skin just inside him while Sherlock gasps, "J-John—please,
John's mouth opens. Then—he forces it closed.
) John can feel the tug of it against his fingers, only just resting at the first-fastened button beneath the base of Sherlock's throat.
, John thinks. Peculiar. What
—should they need to; and all Sherlocks always change them as close to immediately as they can manage, whenever they have had cause to imprint their passwords, however briefly, on John's brain. John isn't allowed to know any of Sherlock's passwords because, as Sherlock had told him one late whiskey-heavy night in January after a solid day in court giving evidence to the commission, John could be tortured for them if he did.
"You feel." Sherlock swallows, twice, noisily. "So hot," whispering, "so hot for me," and John twists back to kiss the side of his nose, his eyebrow; and Sherlock makes a distressed, bitten-off noise; so hand tight in his thick hair John is still.
John's mobile rings, while John is doing the washing up. "It's Greg," John calls, wet to his elbows and covered in dish liquid, "can you—" but Sherlock is already barging back into the kitchen with his toothbrush still clutched in his left hand to snatch John's phone up from beside the draining rack: "Lethraahhbe," Sherlock says, and John slides to the side so that Sherlock can spit his mouthful of toothpaste into the kitchen sink.
"No, my apologies," he says. "I gave it all to the prostitutes": oh, of course, the prostitutes: John rolls his eyes. Sherlock isn't looking, when he says, "You know how it is."
"I really am sorry," John tells him. "Do—do you need another cup of tea?" which sets the both of them off again, and, all in all, it's probably another ten minutes at least before John brings over a fresh cup to where Sherlock is finishing his French toast with an expression of faint distaste, checking each bite carefully for signs that it might've been touched by a spray of nostril-filtered tea. "I really am sorry," John tells him; and Sherlock says, "You can make it up to me later"; so John kisses his cheek and sits, returning to his own plate—cold now, but still fine, really, so John digs in with his chair still pulled over close to Sherlock's chair and their knees bumping, while Sherlock finishes the last of his breakfast just as John's starting his second slice, eating quickly: finding, surprising though it shouldn't be surprising, that he's actually very hungry indeed. Sherlock puts down his fork and straightens. Putting his hand on John's knee. Rubbing at the skin just under the hem of John's boxers, while John shoots him a look; as Sherlock, one fine eyebrow arched, takes a slow, deliberate sip of his tea.
Tugged: fishhooks in John's abdomen, pulling down. "Hey." He leans up. "It's all right," he says, quiet. Mouth to mouth to mouth to mouth until into him Sherlock sighs. Goes slack, slouched down: his face bent down to John's shoulder, his spine rounded into a soft, blood-warm hill. "We can fuck against the fridge, if you'd rather," John says; and against the skin of his shoulder Sherlock lets out a hot, damp huff.
"It's—what?" John straightens, looking toward the window; but it's raining out. Dark. "Really?"
"At least we're not out in this," Sherlock mumbles, cheek pressed against the arm of the sofa; and John glances down at him. John'd got up to fetch their second round of tea about five, hasn't moved since then; he's been resting his feet up on Sherlock's hip for an hour, half-heartedly typing up their latest.
—and that is the last that John really has to say about that.
"Yes," John says.
) shifts up, very gently; and then wipes his long hands over John's hot, wet face.
"I hated it," John whispers. Admission: hollowed out. Blanketed over him holding him weighted down on his back Sherlock kisses his temple, warm knee between John's knees; his cheek. "You weren't—you weren't anywhere," John explains, as Sherlock settles against him: seen in pieces, up close: lip, eyebrow; one vast, hazy-sky eye. Sherlock kisses him. John says, "I thought I was never going to see you again."
John looks down into his. "So," he says, after a moment.
, Sherlock had said,
"I want to be good to you," John explains. Quiet, wiping his clumsy fingers over Sherlock's lovely damp cheekbones: his body pulled aching drawn to Sherlock's body and then pinned. Legs to legs. Belly to belly. Ribs, to ribs.
isn't afraid. John has never been so sure of anything in his life.
, all right?"
Ah. "No," John says. "Did my legs, once. I was curious. Mouth." Sherlock pulls his mouth in so that John can get his upper lip. "Hell growing back, I thought."
"No," he says, after a moment, "you don't, do you"; and John scrubs both his palms over his face, and shakes his head.
He stops. His throat feels tight.
Predictably, after about ten seconds, Sherlock follows. "I'd forgotten, almost," he is saying, too loudly, from the doorway, "what a self-centered manipulative
"And you suspect... what, police involvement?"
: "I've got my—" thinking, thinking, heart pounding, trying to remember with his three fingers inside Sherlock's wet wanting body and Sherlock moans at him and John manages: "it's, um. Purple, yeah? And
He doesn't notice, very carefully. Just slowly reaches up over Sherlock's shoulder so he can set the soap back beside the jumbled-up bottles and then gently touches his right hand against Sherlock's shoulder, and uses the the left to brush the loofah against Sherlock's spine. Gentle. Careful: both hands accounted for, no surprises, moving slow. Sherlock doesn't tense again, so John slides the loofah down, gentle and careful and slow. Under his hands Sherlock breathes. All right, John thinks. All right, all right. He said he'd scrub Sherlock's back, so he does. He scrubs the loofah down then up then down again, then in gentle swipes side to side across Sherlock's trapezius and latissimus dorsi, working his careful white-foaming fragrant way down in long slowly-sinking stripes all the way to the top of Sherlock's buttocks, and under his still right hand he can feel Sherlock's shoulders gently sinking, millimeter by millimeter, his steady slow too-heavy careful breath. All right, John is thinking. All right.
, I—" squirming under John's hands with his prick out and dripping: John's mouth a flood.
—but Sherlock doesn't.
, he had wanted to be angry: but Sherlock was dead, taken from him, and the person who had come back in his place felt like a gift. John had managed a breath, though; and then he'd managed to say,
"Would, you know," John says. Sherlock looks up. "Suck you, I mean." John licks his lips, waggles his outstretched hand. "Or."
Sherlock is up on his feet. On the carpet. On the coffee table. On the arm of his chair.
"Shut up," says Sherlock, disgruntled.
Sherlock laughs, breathless. Leg hair prickling up around John's knuckles. Says, "They're a bit. Superfluous, perhaps, in some ways, but—"
"Christ, I wish it had anything to do my safety," he says, and then laughs again, and shoves his flaccid sandwich back into its box, the lid listing open.
," he says, "or—grading your performance, or something like"; and Sherlock shoots him a quick sideways look, sharp, then looks away. Blushing, all over, again.
John tugs at the back of Sherlock's shirt until the bottom comes undone. Warm skin.
"You know as well as I do that to've beat those three, by yourself, with a head wound—"
Sherlock lets their bent knees bump together. John nuzzles their faces close like cats, a careful hollowed-out space between their bellies while they kiss.
"Yeah?" Sherlock says, and John touches his throat because Sherlock is lovely and hot and hard and his voice cracks when he says it, Sherlock pressing his shoulders up tight and his body up tight and his face tight to John's face with John wrapped around him under him nodding and nodding, wanting—everything, overflowing, wanting—Sherlock pressing him down and down and down until John drowns in his body and his vast white bed, his mouth on John's mouth, moving, whispering—
"Good?" Sherlock asks, quiet. One long arm around his back, resting; his long petting fingers. Melting, John nods. Sighs into his mouth: his fingertips just under the occipital bone rounding out the bottom of his odd lovely skull, John skritches. Like a cat. "Mm." Sherlock's mouth opens against his: caught. Sherlock's right hand tightening, drawing his foreskin down, thumbing over him, sweet: John shivers, presses helpless into his hand. "Lube," Sherlock murmurs; John's throat. John shivers. "I could," Sherlock says, and his left hand sinks slowly from the small of John's back and John wants wants
"Do you like your job?" he asks. Watching the girl walk away past buildings spilling out window boxes, overflowing green.
"It felt so good," Sherlock says, hushed. "I want to—"
"Yeah," Sherlock says, very quietly; and in the darkness John laces his hand up with Sherlock's hand.
"It's hard," Sherlock says. Voice burred, pitched low. "To relax. When someone's fucking me."
John nods, and asks, "How long?"
Sherlock says, "But you'd like it if I were there"; and John nods.
—" and Sherlock pulls back long enough to slap him up volcano hot and then lickbackdownredwet
The flushed-cat look doesn't go away, but Sherlock stops, at least, increasingly bristling. He is watching John's face, his mouth pulled painfully.
"Because," John says, and then stops. Swallows, just a bit. "Because I rather got the impression that you had—had previously considered the possibility," he says.
"He got fed up with me not answering," he explains, "and had Chloe turn the ringer on."
, Sherlock says.
"Sherlock."
John glances up at the crack of his office door: the voices in reception, yellowing light.
"So far as it impacts the safety and effectiveness of my office, you are my business," Mycroft tells him, and John rolls his eyes.
, and then,
John nods. "And it—it feels good," he says, nothing like a question: his hand splayed low across the damp splotch on his own shirt, from the sink.
"Yeah?" Sherlock asks, breathless. "Just—shallow? Or—" Already just-barely rocking up: John swallows. Nods.
, thunder; rumbling as wet it splashes—in through the window open over the bed and the rain, he realizes, jerking up: smell everywhere, now. Feel the damp blanket of it, already slid in to fill up his room before the rain itself sliding in through his curtains to slap him awake 'cross his cheeks and John shifts up to his elbows and Sherlock lets him, and John realizes that Sherlock was already awake.
to, but Sherlock so clearly expects it, every moment: John doesn't see how he
It had felt, at times, like it had been another person: another John, who had wanted—and wanted and wanted and
"Yeah—
John swallows. "So you can get your—your little friend," thick through white sheets. John pets back over Sherlock's nipple, then into the sparse pale hair trailing down to his navel. "Yeah?"
John swallows. Unlike, so unlike—
Sherlock is quite perfectly unmoving, with blood pulling itself up over his jaw and his cheeks and his mouth held in that same expression of bored superiority he turns on murderers and thieves, but his eyes are all wrong, and his eyebrows and his temples: that half an expression that he can never seem to force undone, with his cheeks flushed scarlet above the whole of the rest of him held carefully suspended, elegant and still. John doesn't say a thing.
not," even as Sherlock's mouth is twitching, pulling up like the laugh bubbling up in John's mouth and out and over into Sherlock's mouth as giggling between kisses John is trying to say, "No, you don't—
"So I could just roll over and stick my prick back in you, if I wanted," Sherlock says, thick moving fingers so deep John can almost feel it in his empty throat, shoving himself back harder-harder while Sherlock shoves his fingers deep and says, "Keep you moaning my name until you can't even hold yourself up." In the dark.
He starts the kettle. He does the washing up. He moves his duvet out to dry and puts in Sherlock's balled-up sheets, with Sherlock's expensive washing powder, because it is fragrance-free, and then he turns back to their tea. He puts sugar in Sherlock's cup and milk in both and takes them over to where Sherlock is standing before the window, flipping through his music left-handed while the rain batters down outside, violin tucked under his right elbow, at rest. "Tea," John tells him, reaching behind him; "On the bookshelf": and Sherlock nods, then turns: arm coming up around John's shoulders to give him a brief warm squeeze, then dropping to run the backs of his knuckles across the flies of John's jeans, while he presses a kiss to seam of John's hair.
John scrubs his palms over his jeans. "Look," he says; and then sighs, and goes over to the sofa. "Come on, come over here—and take off that bloody coat, Christ, I feel like you're preparing for emergency evacuation, I can't—" and Sherlock yanks the coat off and tosses it over the coffee table and then in an instant is sliding down to the carpet in front of John, his long hands on John's knees. John's throat feels tight, chest heavy. Sherlock's thumbs tug, slow steady pressure to pull John's legs apart, but chest heavy and tight John flattens his palms over Sherlock's fingers, and doesn't let him.
John swallows. After a moment, he wipes at his face, then slides his phone into his pocket, and goes down to the kitchen.
"I really am sorry," Sherlock says. He sounds mortified; but she just says, "Oh, hush. There's nothing to be sorry about. I'm
I knew, I
"Is this." Shift; careful. "All right?" John asks.
"Sherlock," John says, and Sherlock turns to face him. Swallows twice: up-down, up-down.
Sherlock turns his hands up. Their fingers winding up.
Voice low Sherlock asks, "May I see?"
Away.
"Bold words," Sherlock says, very softly.
Sherlock regards the proffered hand, then takes it; and John hauls him up to his feet, drags him towards the en suite, bumping too close to his back, feet tangling up with his feet.
Ring Mycroft.
"Is it enough for you?" George asks; and John laughs.
"See, that's the problem," John says, a little too loudly. "It sounds—Christ, every part of it, it makes me sick, the idea—Sherlock was, he was a late bloomer, too, he must've—I can't." He presses the heels of his palms to his eyes, and takes a deep, unsteady breath. "He doesn't think it was," John says, and his voice wobbles. Turns down. "He thinks it was—all right, for a man of nearly thirty to be illicitly shagging him when he'd just done his GCSEs and he probably still looked entirely like a child, and he's—he's told me how important this bastard was to him, how—Christ, I can't—"
"I'm not going to, I'm not going to," Sherlock gasps. Damp on John's nape. "Just let me—"
John takes the stairs two at a time and slams the front door behind him, but the gesture's wasted: living room's empty. A bit of the fight goes out of him. The flat's headed towards a bit of a cheerful mess again already: a stack of books on the table; the violin in Sherlock's chair; a long row of John's checked shirts folded oddly with their right sleeves up, and then laid out in a row on the coffee table, the arms smeared with what looks like varying proportions of dirt and drying blood.
. If I'm afraid—Christ, how frightened he must be, I can't even—." He stops. Takes a breath, shaky. "And I—I don't want to leave him alone with that, but I—I can't ever triangulate how to reach him, can I? So both of us wind up lonely, and frightened, even when we're together—and, Christ, I'm afraid, yes." He takes a breath. "I don't—I don't need you to gentle me into that one, I
." Gasped. Sherlock's breath is coming in little, too-fast bursts on John's hot throat, curling his fingers deeper into him, over and over and
"I do," John says; and Sherlock laughs, oddly thinned, as, shoulders hunching, he rubs at his own face. John says, "I want to"; and Sherlock lets his hand drop, nodding. Eyes closed.
"John," Sherlock says, rough.
on a case," Sherlock says, as John is saying, "—you
"So he's been sticking to big, popular tourist spots, all guaranteed to attract a crowd," Sherlock says.
Then Sherlock ducks his head, and pushes back up to sit on the ottoman. Tugging above the knees of his trousers, just a bit, as though—as though they're not already pale from—from kneeling on the carpet before John's chair, in his expensive suit. Pushing up to hold him, with. His mouth. On John's mouth.
"All right," he says. "That came out—very poorly."
"He had a—a relationship," he says, finally. "When he was. Young, very young, a boy still, really, and this was—you know, it would've been the very early nineties, the age of consent was still twenty-one, for—well. You're so young, you can't possibly remember that, I only really remember it because Harry was so. So active, with OutRage! and—but. But the point, the
bit of rape,
"If what?" Sherlock says.
"Nothing perishable?" John asks.
"If that were any kind of answer to whether or not either of us want the rest of it, you'd've had me bent over the sofa by the end of that first weekend," John says, tongue thick.
Having been the idiot responsible for tossing Brian's name out when they'd first been looking for locum doctors in their new location, John almost forgets, sometimes, that he's never liked him. They'd first met under inauspicious circumstances: John had been having an under-their-breath argument with Cal back in October outside some pretentious hipster hellhole at which Cal'd been intent on getting drinks when a voice'd said,
"Want." Sherlock's voice grinds. "
Not a joke, either. If it were it falls flat.
," Sherlock says, too loudly.
Sherlock is watching. "Out of uniform, too," he notes; and a shivery, prickling line of sweat springs up on John's spine. "I think that's an extra two at least, don't you?"
Sherlock nods. He bends down to press a kiss to the inside of John's thigh, then looks up.
That's Wednesday, then.
John pets up Sherlock's back, warm and smooth. He smells like his sweat. The way they are touching feels unbearably good.
Sherlock's eyes close-open and focus, too close. John bites at his bottom lip, scrapes cheek across chin; says, "Since mine's such rubbish," as Sherlock's hand slides slow over his arse, pulling him apart, and then stills. Breathing hard his mouth against John's mouth; and John says, "I thought you wanted proof."
he want? Watching Vic toss a bunch of store-bought lilacs onto Sherlock's grave, in 2013? He remembers—rage, mostly. He'd felt—invaded. At first it'd felt as though Vic had
"I hope not," he says; and Sherlock at last meets his eyes.
Collapsed. John thinks—. Disorganized. Puddled atop Sherlock, the bathwater barely comes up to John's arse. The rest—. The floor.
, I need—John—"; and shivering up electrified all over John whispers, "Anything"; and Sherlock gasps, "I needed—you just—spread, spread me out—," broken-off panting while Sherlock claws left-handed at the back of John's skull with his right hand half up his—his cunt while he rubs up over and over into John's cradling-wet hand: "Spread you out on my bed?" John asks, and Sherlock groans, "Yes"; "Strip us both out of our uniforms," and Sherlock shivering all over breathes, "
He rubs at his face. Damp. Drying off. Turns back to Sherlock, who is pushing down his right stocking: pulling it, unsteadily, off his bent-up right foot, then dropping it on the floor.
, "because now I have to get up to get it," Sherlock murmurs, startlingly soft, and then brushes a kiss over John's cheek.
, "God, Sherlock": ground out, and John's mouth open wide-wide-wide drooling over lace stretched tight around him while Sherlock moans into John's arse and drags him up. "I want you," John gasps, helpless, "
"I like it when you touch me," he says, quiet.
that was a lie." He pauses, trying to untangle what Sherlock had done—how Sherlock had looked—what Sherlock had said. "I think he really was—he did mean to go speak with her, and I think he meant, at first, to take me along—unless she's not real," he realizes, stomach sinking, "unless Lucy Matley is some kind of a—a blind, or a code, or a—a lie—"
"Yeah?" John breathes: a kiss. Slow Sherlock nods.
"That's just it," Greg says. "You'd think that, wouldn't you? But in terms of everything other than the bombs themselves, he hasn't made a single mistake: not a witness, not an eyelash, not a partial fingerprint—not so much as a shot of him from the back on CCTV": just as Sally pulls to a stop and Sherlock mutters, "Oh, fabulous"; John leaning against the window to crane his neck up at the lumbering monstrosity of the London Eye.
"Ten," Sherlock gasps, and then groans, low in his throat. "Fuck. I want you to do it again."
"I'd go," Sherlock says. "If you wanted. Backup."
," John groans, and slams his hand out at the headboard, shoving himself down. "Maybe I'll just sit and wait for you," Sherlock says, thick, "in my chair," and John groans, "Jesus, fucking wait for
) exhaling the familiar tart smell of his mouth. Unsteady, John says, "I can't—lube. Please," thick not-sob half-laughing, dragging himself up on noodley arms limp spine and his hands clenching white on the back of the sofa, prickling all over, bare. Sherlock's hands. Fall, touching. The fine prickling-up seeking hairs on John's back and his arse: Sherlock's wet fingertips.
God. John breathes.
"You had to get me nice and wet and loose just for one," John reminds him; and Sherlock grins at him, broad and brilliant, lavish, heart-stopping; and smiling John turns Sherlock's hand up with his hand to start in on his palm.
(See the end of the chapter for
, and as always I thank her eternally for helping me out with these things, of a Sunday afternoon. ♥
"I can?" John murmurs, petting down. He is watching Sherlock's lovelysoft warm red face: his soft mouth, red from kissing, the sparkling-yearning look lurking at the back of his eyes. When John brushes his palm against his bottom for an instant Sherlock's lips part, just: Christ, John can't believe in him, sometimes. John asks, "Do you want me to?"; and Sherlock, the backs of his shoulders hunching together, nods.
"No sign," Sherlock says. "I do think I finally convinced him to put the KLPD onto that residential tower her son owns in Schothorst, though—I'd be rather surprised if they came up empty-handed."
Breathes.
John looks up at him. "What about it?"
probably know this, since John had in fact taken a swing at Mycroft outside the Old Bailey in early January, and since Sherlock'd been standing just beside them looking like a particularly tarty fashion model, the photo—misleadingly captioned—had topped the front page of the
"In my experience, Canadians don't go about actively coated in maple syrup, no," John says; and Greg snorts as Sherlock's gaze flicks down to the table, up to John's face, then over to the window, then back down to the table and the key ring, which he picks up and turns over, and then over, and then over, the corners of his mouth slowly sliding. A little wrinkle coming in between his brows. "What is it?" John asks; and Sherlock straightens up, and looks straight at Greg. "I need to go back to Baker Street," he says.
John snorts. Rot his teeth, more like; but he drinks, doesn't he.
"You didn't hurt me," Sherlock says; and John closes his teeth.
"En garde," John says, and their chopsticks clack together.
"It's fine." John shakes his head. Breathes deep. "History, isn't it. We've sorted it out."
"About how good you feel?" he asks; and Sherlock's throat scrapes, noisy; John bends to kiss it. Sherlock pants—shivers—whines as John whispers, "How hot you are inside." Sherlock draws his knee up still higher, making a low warm yearning noise and tightens his knee 'round John's tight ribs and John says, "How beautiful you are," very quietly, "opening up for me": and Sherlock gasps, "Oh
Sherlock's mouth curving. "So that might've been a clue."
John fights back a grin, and then stoppers the bath starts the taps running again: clean and warm while over the rush of the water Sherlock is saying, "You
"But you
"I know." Sherlock's hands tightening up on his hands. "But I—I can see how that
"All the others've been planted well in advance," Greg says, as Sherlock crouches down three meters away, pulling a pair of nitrile gloves out of his coat pocket. John comes over as he pulls them on, Greg saying behind him, "The one in Westminster Abbey was
"I just can't help but notice that you and I've found a bloody efficient way to dispose of our off hours," he finishes, "these past couple days."
He pauses. Sherlock is rubbing his rough cheek on the top of his shoulder, hypnotically slow.
trying to turn Sherlock on, he is thinking, he would press his mouth there. Taste salt. But he isn't; so he doesn't; and so after a long, flattened moment, Sherlock steps back, and says, very quietly, "All right."
, it'd perhaps be more accurate to term it: happy, easy, in love. It maps so inaccurately, so inadequately onto the life that John is living that he's never known what to say to them, not when he was having it off with Cal, when they weren't cheesed off at each other; or shagging Rebecca, here and there; or going to bed with Janeka on her regular if infrequent London business trips (
"All right," he says, and sighs, forcing himself still. "We really haven't the time."
John breathes. Their ribs touch. "You can clean whatever you want," he says, then drags his knuckles down the base of Sherlock's belly, half-helpless. Hand dropping, he brushes his fingers only-just against the tacky soft-slide-on-soft heat of Sherlock's half-hard cock, then lets his fingers rest on the sheet.
"But it isn't," Sherlock says, sounding so dismissive that the back of John's neck prickles strangely, "so that doesn't matter, does it," and then Sherlock sighs.
"Sometimes," John agrees. He keeps his voice light. Tilts Sherlock's chin back up.
Sherlock blinks, and John inhales, pressing their faces together: a breath. When he pulls back Sherlock is still almost watching him, eyes unfocused: John licks at his own dry mouth.
, he had said, John remembers: his throat aches.
"Well," John says, "I haven't spent the past two decades trying not to come, but I also haven't spent it trying to—to see just how many times in a day I could get my ro—
John tips his chin down until his neck cracks, then goes back to staring at nothing. Foaming scarlet water to their right. The egg of the sun, eaten up by the sea.
John doesn't say anything. Aching; careful. He pulls the bag open, pushing the tissue paper aside, and lays the suspender belt out on the foot of the bed. Sherlock doesn't react, but he's watching: and his eyes—.
And another.
Sherlock brushes his mouth over the side of John's throat, back up.
The surgery's busy, but not swamped. Natalie is looking particularly well-dressed and well-coiffed; a circumstance explained when Rhoda, coming out to see John frowning at their empty reception desk and half-full waiting room at a quarter to eleven, says, "Audition. Marcus is running," as she grabs her next neatly-stacked chart, Nat's handwriting on a sticky note under it:
John swallows. Christ. Sherlock's already sucking a kiss into John's throat: pain arcing at the edges, shivery-bright— "Thought about."
: transparently, obviously, but silently too; and even with John holding the lot out two-handed, he clearly expects he won't get it. He's—afraid, John knows; which—. Ashamed, too, John suspects, with an aching combination of guilt and grief and dread. John doesn't know what to do about any of it. Does his best. Gets it wrong, often. John thinks: if Sherlock's ever had a lover he could trust, he didn't know it at the time.
Sherlock opens his mouth, then closes it. Then he sighs and turns his attention back down to his plate, nudging all the last little bits of veg and sauce into a little pile. "It's not worth it for this." He sounds—tired, John thinks. Just tired. Mycroft woke him up. "He's just got me acting as errand boy, really, and." Sherlock scoops the pile up with the side of his fork. "And if you're already taking two days off in two weeks...," he says, and then sticks his fork in his mouth.
Sherlock stays standing just beside him. Above him, warm and close, with his palm big flat warm and his long fingers squeezing at the back of John's neck over and over and over, until John can breathe again.
John swallows. Awkwardly, he says, "I—I do belong to you, though"; and then.
John twists enough to look at him. "There's a reasonably straightforward solution to that problem," he observes, and Sherlock gives a petulant sigh, but he does slide his hand down to John's hip. John bites his lip, swallowing around his wet-slick hollow throat as Sherlock drags himself out—
The rain continues, tediously.
. Today it makes him—it makes him
Sherlock bends. "All right?"
John can't say it, at first. Sherlock's face is tucked in against his, eyelashes shadows against his face. John pulls back, barely, just far enough to kiss him; again, to see his face.
. No wonder Sherlock gets antsy when he hasn't any work. "This?"
Sherlock nods. Touches. Fingertips on John's temple, cheek. The bridge of his mouth. His warm and wet-all-over mouth.
"Should I," Sherlock murmurs, and then heavy hand-head shriveling presses him down. Under him John gasps, barely; "Yeah?" Sherlock asks.
," he says.
"I meant." John swallows. "Being here, I mean."
: because the instant just before it'd come out of his mouth, he'd known, with absolute blinding certainty, that he would. The hollandaise is, as always, perfection. Sherlock's has ruined him for anything else.
"What if," Sherlock says, and then stops.
"I do know that," Sherlock says. Voice rough. It does something to him: under John's skin moving, Sherlock's warm-close voice as he says, "I know that I—I miscalculated, and so you suffered," shifting: "ten times what I—but I'd thought, I
"All right?" he asks.
"Mm." John stretches. Pressed. Sherlock's knee. Sliding between the backs of John's knees. Wave: skin rising up underneath John turns, smells sleep. "Sleeping," echoes; and so Sherlock nods, his nose rubbing against the base of John's throat.
"But after," John says. "You can come upstairs." Kissing Sherlock's hot face. Soft cheek. John says, "Just to sleep."
," melting off into breath as John gropes his arse, thoroughly and with not insignificant feeling, and Sherlock's cheeks bloom red blotches.
Sherlock swallows (
you," he says, willing Sherlock to understand, "with a closed hand."
—John flexes his hands.
Sherlock turns back to the paper. His face is pink and blotchy. It's very unattractive.
: Christ, John isn't angry with
"I can't," Sherlock is mumbling, ragged at the edges, "feel you, I can't tell, is it—" and so John gasps, "S'good," gasps and gasps, "it's good, I—keep. Keep going, I—" and so Sherlock keeps going. Rubbing his hot face against John's face as John's arms tremble knees ache as Sherlock's cock moves in him hard and body-warm and soso thick, their bodies sticky-hot and so, so
Sherlock says, "You looked like," and then stops.
"Sitting in the most uncomfortable car in England," Sherlock corrects, "between a fish van," smiling at him; "and a brick wall."
," rubbing his thumb against Sherlock's sweet wet warm body and Sherlock shudders, clutching at him hands and body and moans, "
"I know," he says. "I know."
," and then shoves his hand down his pants.
"Uncomfortable," Sherlock says. He nods towards John. "You can push that back, you know."
Sherlock inhales. Inhales between kisses, slowing. When John lifts his head, just, Sherlock looks up at him with his lovely dark eyes and his mouth, softer than—than anything.
— "still fit?"
"John," she returns, and waits ignoring Sherlock pointedly while Sherlock ignores her pointedly right back until Greg's done up the passenger side seatbelt, and then eases the car away from the kerb.
"You don't want to," he says, quiet.
"You don't know the half of it," John says. Half breath. His arm, braced against the chair, is shaking. If he'd known him at school he wouldn't've been out of trouble for a second.
? Lying on his bed texting Janeka or—Paul, or—or rolling about with Rebecca that night Mycroft'd come by to needle Sherlock about Irene's latest escapade in Vancouver and in retaliation Sherlock had flounced off to throw a wobbler outside Cybercrime at NSY: John'd rung her up to tell her his flatmate was out and she'd come over and she'd held him down, hadn't she, with her solid square hands and her tits in his face while John'd sucked panting on her peaked-hard nipples and had not thought, probably, about Sherlock lying between his thighs with John's cock in his mouth while John panted yanking his wrists hard and helpless against his own regimental tie.
"I did," John whispers, "didn't I?" and Sherlock nods.
Sherlock's quiet for a long, long time. John touches him, quiet. It makes him feel quiet: Sherlock's warm body. Sherlock's breath, his blood, tucked near to John's head.
"I," Sherlock says, tongue half in his mouth, "put the lube away last night"; and snapped into place John's chest jerks: a startled, barked-out laugh. "Which is proving," Sherlock adds, still heavy-close moving his body against him, thigh between his thighs and hand on his arse pinning, pinned, "a tactical error of truly epic proportions," weight sliding slick and hot against him as he strokes—pulls—
So quiet, their flat. But for their breath.
— "on the floor?"
He watches Sherlock's shoulders, moving with the rise and fall of his breath.
"Bit of a mess," John says, after quite some time.
, smarting across the backs of his knees: "Ten, sir"; and then it comes down across his calves:
Sherlock'd got his mouth on him. Sherlock'd gone right down between John's legs and—and John'd held the button, hadn't he? so he holds the button, and undoes the zip slowly, with his right hand. Christ, he's hard: fucking
John nods, and takes another bite of his sandwich. Across from him, in his armchair, George crunches away at his salad. Waiting. John reaches over for his takeaway cup, and swallows a mouthful of tea. It's—not good. Lukewarm. Too strong. He takes another sip.
, who John had recognized, very vaguely, from Cal's tales about his Balliol friends; and then, at the last, somewhat hesitantly, Cal had asked about
, goes John's heart. He swallows. And swallows.
Just as a reminder: I haven't seen any of
"You know that I'm tracking him," says Mycroft. "Or, well, really, Bianca is tracking him, but—"
, when for the past—" soft skin and— "
you, and he missed you, which—I probably ought to've kn—and. And
His voice is still scratchy with sleep and he's standing in the living room doorway in his pajamas at three in the afternoon, arms crossed over his chest: he knows how ridiculous he looks, but somehow can't help it. He feels sweaty all over. Sick.
Sherlock steeples his hands in front of his mouth. "Why not," he says, an octave too low, "indeed."
Licks.
George shifts, a little. "Why would I think you're a hypocrite?" he asks; and John takes a long, slow breath.
"Any way you look at it," George prompts, after a moment.
"Yes," John gasps, helpless, eyes prickling, "yes—"
—" and "Tell me," John gasps; and Sherlock moans, "Eight—
, and John'd asked,
"No," John says, then, fast, "but—"
"; wanting—wanting— "I think about us like this," John says, "and then I think about us—older": and eyes widening mouth open Sherlock takes a breath from him and John. Gives it to him. Over and over again: a kiss and a kiss and a kiss. "I think—I think about us grown up," John explains; Sherlock gasps; and John presses his mouth to Sherlock's hot face while Sherlock is staring blurred up at him fucking up into him as John whispers, "And I think about us—
He can feel a strange tugging along the bottom of his tongue, drawing down the underside. Aching into his throat, pulled tight. John hadn't really been living with Lily, not officially. Officially he'd still lived in a depressing garden-level bedsit with windows that didn't open and broken glass all over the walk outside, but just about all he'd kept there was his notebooks; a set of single-sized sheets on the bed, getting musty; his condoms; and his gun. Everything he'd actually needed he'd been keeping at Lily's: his clothes and his running shoes and his computer and the ring, tucked into his laptop bag, kept buckled, for once, and in his off-hours tucked into the coat cupboard in the three-bedroom split-level in Battersea, perforated with enormous windows, that Lily'd inherited from a well-heeled aunt bound for retirement overseas. John'd been doing well at Rhoda's, he'd finished with Ella, he'd—he'd got his life together, he'd moved out, he'd moved
John bends to kiss his shoulder, huffing half a laugh. "Well, it's not how I would put it, anyway," he says, and then lifts his face for Sherlock to kiss him: twice; three times; sweet.
All Monday at the surgery, John feels—stinging. Off-kilter. Rain streaks down the windows while he checks a teenager's white-spotted tonsils and glugs in the surgery's half-clogged drains while John listens to an old woman's rasping chest and John'd got on his knees yesterday and rubbed one out while his best friend watched, so it's—it's a bit of a strange start to the week, is all.
"Just a case," Sherlock says, grabbing a towel. "A very little case. A caselet."
"Christ," John gasps. Presses—panting—hot-liquid feelings with nowhere to go but his, his burning mouth, his stretched-apart body and spread-open arsehole around Sherlock's—and his—
"I can't
Sherlock touches John's ear, his chin. Solider, somehow. John turns to mouth at him, fingers. (Feet.)
"Well, yes, that is something to look forward to," John agrees, and turns his head to watch Sherlock's face as it cracks into the stretched-out facsimile of a smile.
His voice is low and weirdly tense.
"Do I—
Burning face hanging down between his flattened hands, arse out still stinging with Sherlock's palm-print, cock jutting hard between his legs and dripping all over their carpet: prickling and unsteady but not uncertain John nods.
, John replies, finally, and then, hesitantly,
Outside. The metal-oil smell of the street through the windows. He can smell the rain at its edges, stronger: almost here, now, nearly.
," and drops his hands. "John," he says. Unsteady. Helpless: "Please—" as John nosing against-into him they kiss.
," Sherlock gasps, mashing their faces together, "Please—Simon says—,"
John shifts. He pets Sherlock's forearm: hair prickling up. "I like it like this," John repeats. Sherlock's taut palm. His long fingers and his wrist. "I like it hard so you do it hard for me," John says quietly, "so that I can—"
also look to be fairly short, so that's... something, right? In terms of posting speed?
I expect you want me to go back to Baker Street as well": and Greg turns and sticks his head out the door, and shouts, "Jacobs!"
"Don't be silly." Chopsticks resting on the edge of his bowl, Sherlock is gulping down oversized swallows of water, eyeing John's ramen over the rim of his glass. He sets it on the table, empty, and says, "He'd have to pay for the car another day no matter what, they'll not take it back at two in the morning," and then, "Are you going to eat your bean sprouts?" but John is already nudging his bowl over.
Sherlock's mouth quirks, then widens, his face turning down in an utterly pointless attempt to hide that usual ridiculous grin.
"It's Saturday," John says, quiet. The email from Mycroft didn't sound important. "Let's just—"
"—particularly since when it comes to your family you've never been exactly what I'd call
Eventually, John manages, "Six and a half minutes," light, "I think I can wait that long"; and then laughs.
"Ah," Sherlock gasps—gasps—is gasping, "
," he whispers, mouth to mouth, and Sherlock—just opens for him, his tongue:
"And then—then we'll play it by ear," John says. Pulling back. Raising himself up enough to look down at him: Sherlock's pale face, smudged eyes; his unhappy pink mouth. "I'll stop if you ask me to stop," John says. "I'll keep going if—if you ask me to keep going and—and I can."
"Shouldn't what?" Sherlock's whole solid weight. The creaking door.
"True," John agrees. "Very true."
"Well, no," John says. Shifting: Sherlock hadn't thought anything of the kind. John says, "nothing interesting comes from Belgium"; and Sherlock's mouth blooms into a broad smirk, transparently pleased. Bright-eyed, his pink mouth—full up John rubs his foot on Sherlock's foot: bubbling over—; enough.
, and then give John two big eyes and fine raised eyebrows, her mouth rounding out in an actorly shocked-wide "o". Smirking back, John slides his mobile back into his pocket, as Denise says, "I've already got the release date marked on my calendar"; and Natalie says, "We've
Sherlock makes a low, abortive sort of noise; and John rubs at his too-hot shoulder. Kisses his open panting mouth.
"Four," Sherlock says. John nods. Brushes two fingers over Sherlock's sternum, and Sherlock sighs. John pets back up. Down. Up, down. "Five," Sherlock says, finally. "Because—I know what comes next."
Sherlock pulls off, wet and red,
John says, "It makes me feel like a fucking girl," harsh-too loud-staccato, and then laughs, desperate and shaking, and says, "I want to, I want to do it anyway," and he inhales. Inhales. Inhales; as Sherlock says, "John."
His whole body is vibrating, nearly. Held painfully tight. His blood battering hummingbird-fast all over every place that John is touching him, his every place; and his hard cock brand-hot against John's oversensitive wet skin.
, and it
After a pause, Sherlock says, "All right."
—and desperate for him John slides his hands under Sherlock's long thighs. Stockinged, bare; and pushing,
John jerks his head up. "
"We could close that box and I could spend the night putting my bare hands all over you, or you could whip out the fucking machine that I genuinely would not be surprised to find that you keep in your wardrobe and put on leather chaps and a hat and show me how you ride it," John says, very gently. "I'm not going to be intimidated."
Sherlock pauses.
Sherlock's mouth tugs down at the corner. "We could play something else," he says, and then snuggles close. "I Spy. Snap." Sliding his long bare legs closer between John's stockings: John wonders if at some point he ought to take them off. They itch, a bit, and the bands 'round the top pull like sticking plasters at the hair on his legs.
"You wouldn't." Unsteady, half swallowed. "Didn't think about me bending you over something, then. Desperate to fill you up."
Across the table, Sherlock's throat is reddening, a mottled, unattractive flush creeping up his neck and onto his cheeks.
, Christ! he can't bear it! even if Sherlock is bending over sliding down to fit his mouth for a moment over John's half-swelling—clit—while John thinks, John is thinking, John thinks that if he—if he just had it—in him, to just—just swell and grow to fill Sherlock's whole mouth and his throat but Sherlock tongues at the stiffish peak of him hotwet gentle and John. just. groans: rolled half over on his hip spreading his throbbing wet thighs apart under his pulled-tight suspenders stockings with his hand in Sherlock's little lace pants while Sherlock licks upside-down over John's sac to his arsehole to tongue-kiss him open and it is real, it is real, he can feel it, all the wetness they made between them slicking him up all over gushing out of him wanting Sherlock who is licking him all over his hot ready (Christ!) cunt.
He hesitates, though. His left hand turned up in John's hand.
"Yes," Mycroft says. "When did he leave?"
you," Sherlock grumbles, as the water runs; "You believe me just fine," John corrects, pulling back: the bath's already too full, really; so John twists to turn off the taps. The water slops over the edges as he sinks back against Sherlock, wet and warm underneath him. John doesn't give a fuck.
"Sort of," John says; and then, "not well."
: not the person John'd known only through closed windows and slatted blinds and then buried but someone leaner and blonder and freckled and older, he'd been
, are you—"
"Yeah," John croaks, again and again, and Sherlock kisses him deep, shoving him breathless and delirious down into the sheets. Hands fisted to hold him down tight-tight-tight as Sherlock tightens his arm beneath his head, hand sliding under his back—and down—
In the flat he steers Sherlock around Sherlock's bag, dumped haphazardly on its end just inside the door and abandoned, and then over to the table. "Sit," John says, and Sherlock says, "John," and John looks up at him swallowing (one-two, one-two), as Sherlock tugs at his hand, not meeting his eyes. John touches his waist. His long spine. Sliding in close with his arms in the sickly-hot damp space under Sherlock's long coat, while Sherlock folds himself near in half to rest his face against the side of John's neck.
"I like it," Sherlock says, very quietly. "I thought you knew." Still ringing in John's ears. "I like how you want me," he murmurs. Pressed into John's skin.
Everything he wants.
"Mm, I want—" Sherlock lifts up, pushes the duvet back: a flood of cold air that makes John suck down air and stretch, his leg falling open even before he registers Sherlock's hand, slow and coaxing up his hip before Sherlock pets over the base of John's belly, just before he slides down.
Sherlock says, "If we put a cock ring on you, that'd—that might help."
Sherlock is quiet for a long, long time. Breathing: out, in, out. Slow and warm. The seam, John thinks, aching, of their skin.
, as John stares up at the shadow-edged ceiling with Sherlock breathing against him, mouth only just open, held carefully, precisely still.
John gasps: blinking; aching. He wants—
John ducks his head. Sherlock breathes, warm into him: they kiss.
John waits. Listening: the thudding rush of the taps. Sherlock's heart. His own heart. After a moment John comes halfway back to himself, enough to ask, "Can you—yeah, ta," as Sherlock kicks the taps off. John tries to reach around him to push in the stopper, but isn't halfway flexible enough to actually reach: Sherlock has to get it, in the end.
Sherlock inhales. Tilts his face up, nuzzling forward until his nose brushes the side of John's nose, until John twists back to kiss him off-center. Again. Again.
"Did I say 'awful'?" as John squeezes his own ribs, "When would I say 'awful' to
"Hack your mobile when you don't pick up," John corrects, petting his fingertips across Sherlock's jawline, sandpaper-rough in patches with his splotchy stubble. Awful. He's not even good-looking, really. "Kiss me," John says, half-swallowed, too late.
His cheeks are hot. His all-over hot.
He drags his gaze up to meet Sherlock's.
, John thinks unbidden, with a bitter-salt taste in his throat.
After a long, taut moment, Sherlock asks, very softly, "Could you get me some clothes?" and John says, "Of course."
, wants—
He gulps down air. Swallows. Gulps again, still staring up at Sherlock's white face pink parted mouth, his wide-open seaglass eyes.
, his soft dark twilit eyes. He says, "I'm not expecting you to stop—"
"I wouldn't lose," Sherlock says. Muffled. He noses again at the underside of John's ear. Licks his throat.
, over the phone,
"Because—you like kids," he says. Half a question. "Or—helping people? Or—"
"Well." John wriggles his back into Sherlock's warm body, mouth tugged. "Not today, at any rate," and Sherlock hums.
"You said." Sherlock rubs at his forehead. "You'd've wanted me to look," which is about as close as he can come to asking, John thinks; so John says, "Yeah," and then lies down on his belly on the bed.
"I just needed to not be what—what everyone else saw in me, for a while," he says. "And he—helped."
Sherlock kisses over his shoulder: John twists. "If," Sherlock says, thick, "you're going to be nice and loose all day." Into John's mouth. Hand under his hand.
But—but the thing is—but the
John's thumb. His too-bare feeling screen. How many texts, he wonders, did he lose when he'd deleted the lot last night at eleven forty-five? How many days since he's last backed up his mobile? How many weeks? Everything raw and tender between them reads as banal, casual, trivial in reverse:
Sherlock folds his hands in front of his mouth, considering.
It's dark. Quiet. It's nice. To—to be still, for a bit.
Above them. Too-warm air and street sounds through the window. Their own private pool of yellow lamp light.
John shivers. Pets all of Sherlock's long bare body, chest pressed up against him as he kisses him and kisses him, Sherlock's hand on his side pressing John's hips up as John tries not to push down and wishes—wishes—and then pulls back, just enough to say, "That's how you do it, though," breathing hard. Sherlock too close and out of focus with his hair a mess and his mouth red. "With a plug up your arse." Knee crooked up by John's side, his cheeks lovely and flushed.
"I think about it all the time," John says, miserable, helpless; and Sherlock murmurs, "So do I," and John's breath catches.
"So, then," John asks, "can
, while John told him, over and over again, helplessly,
"No, it's—" John swallows. "
and Sherlock's mouth his chin his throat and gasping, "John, are you, are you going to," moan-bit half-swallowed split in two: his mouth. his mouth. His mouth. His mouth. Soft-pinkwet lips parting on John's lips parting his throat his chin and "Take me," John says, unsteady, "up—right up to the edge"; and Sherlock whines against his skin. "Please," John whispers: Sherlock's thick sweat-damp disordered hair. Under his hand haphazard Sherlock nods. Hungry, nods; and presses his mouth to John's mouth. "Hold still," Sherlock murmurs: so John is held, is still. Sherlock breathing out kissing-close warm against him. His hand around him: dragging long electric-buzzing—up—his skin—
"Itchy," Sherlock agrees.
John kisses the side of his neck again, and then eases himself back. He already feels—clumsy, getting up to his feet; as though the bed dips and rolls like the sea.
, Sherlock'd said, after he'd all of a sudden rung off, leaving John hard in his pajama bottoms and frustrated, half outraged. In the dark the bubbles of each message had seemed luminous. Pearlescent. John had—dressed up in ladies' knickers; and Sherlock had—fought with him, almost; and John had—yielded, best he could; and then somewhere in the middle into silence after anger after misstep after despair John'd typed out
"Eight," Sherlock mumbles. "Stop talking," so John settles down on his belly and elbows, licks over him, around— "Can I go in?" John asks, muffled, too fast, heart beating too fast, still tasting— "Yeah," Sherlock says. "Yeah, you can—
John pushes up. Straightening, halfway, while George asks, "What's happened since Saturday?"; and John gasps, and then laughs, and then takes a ragged, unsteady breath, trying—
it," John says, unsteady, "not—not really, not at first, but—but that first afternoon, or—or six months ago, or the day you came back, or—
, and I was
as Sherlock presses a hot disordered spray of kisses across him collarbone and ribs and starving John presses himself—
Sherlock doesn't answer. He doesn't look like he understands.
"Green," he says, then scrubs at his hair—dry, nearly, already. "Keep going," he says, quietly, and then clumsily drags his dressing gown up to his waist, his right hand braced on the back of the chair. The cane drops, not touching. All that air, cool on John's bared skin.
"How did
John raises his eyebrows. "Does that mean you don't want one?"
John swallows, and heads back down.
It's rather lucky they'd got all the way dressed before ordering, since Greg never knocks.
Sherlock’s bright red face.
"Yeah," Sherlock says. Hovering just inside the doorway: not a kindness, John thinks, to observe that it is obviously not all right.
John nods. "I would help you, if you wanted," he says. "If you like."
George had asked; and John'd pressed his trembling hand to his face. His throat had been so tight he hadn't been able to speak. He had nodded, finally, and then made a noise he couldn't name, and then choked out, in strained bits and pieces:
"And you fell in love with him," says John. That part is easy. Filling in gaps.
gone off—which it wouldn't've, he didn't have enough explosives—it would've showered Richard II and Anne of Bohemia with slimy globs of rainbow glitter."
with any specific warning-related questions you may have.
"It's." John swallows. "Lovely."
, Sherlock," John says. Touching his cheek.
"Sherlock," John says, very quiet; and Sherlock takes a breath.
Sherlock's lips are parted, a shiny smear of saliva across the bottom. He's watching John with the same snow-stinging intensity he turns on tricky chemistry experiments and particularly interesting murderers and John feels dangerous, explosive: canting his hips forward with his fist angled down so that the head of his cock slides rosy-flushed and wet from under his sliding thumb
what feels broken, to me," he explains, feeling—pulled and pulled, torn open: "Not—not
John nods. "So," he says.
direction—"
He shuffles up onto his knees to lean over the edge of the bath, fumbling. When he shifts his weight back across Sherlock's thigh in the bath Sherlock closes his eyes, hand on John's side: steady, anchoring. John tilts Sherlock's chin up with two fingers, and Sherlock lets him. Holds still, resting underneath him, while the tap drips behind John's bent back. John sketches bright-purple smudged arcs over Sherlock's fair eyelids, the porcelain hard, his knees aching. He doesn't care, mostly. On the bone of John's hip Sherlock's thumb is moving syncopated with the dripping: plink-brush-plink-plink-brush-plink-brush-plink; and John swipes smooth just past the outside corner of Sherlock's closed right eye and then pulls back to check: surprisingly, mostly even; and so John brushes his thumbs across them in little light pets, smudging.
forgive me, please don't—" and John reaches down for Sherlock's arm wrapped around his bent middle, sliding over Sherlock's open cuff and bare wrist to—his—
"I mean," Sherlock says, "
"What?" Gasped.
, Sherlock had said at the table but before,
Sherlock gasps.
His heart is pounding. Loud in his mouth and his ears. His mouth against Sherlock's feels like it is weaving them into one body, each kiss reshaping the bridge between them: building new nerve fibers, pulling old ones apart. "You can." John swallows. "Go deeper, or—more, or—"
Breathing in.
Stroking his back, Sherlock agrees, "You did invade Afghanistan"; and John laughs.
Sherlock rubs their noses together, still smiling. "Whatever shall we do, then," he murmurs, "while your parents are in Weymouth?"
"Are you even getting anything out of this?" John asks, too fast, and then laughs. Shakes his head. "Fuck. I just—" He bends his head lower over the sink. Scrubs at the eggy pan.
"Mngh—" Sherlock's throat. His tongue, John shivers: licked. Blurring-close Sherlock's face red soft eyes: "Can I," he murmurs, rocking—in—moans, John helpless-shivering moans. "God," says Sherlock, thick: wrapping his thick hand around him sliding—tightwetand warm and "Oh—" John gasps— "
; the sort of boy who was never
Sherlock has his eyes closed, tight. His beetroot face turned to the side. He is taking long, steady breaths in through his nose, out through his mouth, in through his nose, out through his mouth, with splotchy red blotches of flush following the path of John's mouth up his thigh.
Sherlock straightens his neck, squaring his shoulders. "Yeah," he says. "We needed a case."
"Yeah?" Sherlock lifts his head. His pink face.
He stops. He swallows, swallows; reaching for his tea. Trying to wash away that last awful clump of sandwich, still a heavy hard lump in his throat.
"We're going to flood the bathroom," John says, squirming. Sherlock squeezes his arse: John can't stop laughing. "We're going to—"
He can hear Sherlock swallow.
"That," Sherlock says, coming over, "is also not encouraging me to let you leave the bedroom."
"It'd be pretty fucking horrific of me," Sherlock says, "to demand that you stay," in the crisp whip-crack voice which he always uses, when he swears.
"You smell. Great." John breathes in-in-in. Belly deep. "Should I stop?"
John laughs, a little. "He's running coagulation studies with pig's blood in the kitchen." He turns the handle, resettling his cup in his saucer. "I got hungry."
"I've wanted—" John licks, dry—but his mouth and Sherlock's mouth and "it feels like—everywhere," he explains, into-between kisses: "I want—I want—you, I want every—I watch you in, in chemistry and think about—about putting my hands up your blouse and—and about licking—": he bends to lick, as Sherlock pants beneath him— "my way up under your bra—and then I think about—" he can't, he can't: too much in him breathing out out out and Sherlock whispers, "Fucking me"; and shaking his head over and over "No," John explains, "well—yes, but also—us, but—
"I did text," Mycroft said. "Or, well, Bianca did, In deference to Sherlock's distaste for—"
"But," Sherlock says. A skipping record: jerk, repeat.
. Stop.
"So—can I," John says, and then stops. Clears his throat. "I—I don't intend to behave as though it's pathological," he says, apologetically. "But you've rather..."
Sherlock nods. "
"Sherlock," he gasps, hand shaking holding to his ear and a pause and then Greg asks, "What's happened?"; and John presses his fingertips to his face.
John scratches him behind the ears. "It's. Nice."
Last night John'd told him
"Me too," John says, and too fast Sherlock says, "No, you don't—he—"
"Tell me," Sherlock says, voice tight.
"Yeah," Sherlock says, unsteady.
Finally, Sherlock exhales. Shuffles up against the edge of the bed and says, "Get me wet," barely breath.
"Sorry, long day." John stuffs his hands into his pockets, wraps his fingers around his phone. "What were you asking?"
John rubs at him, gentle. Slow. If they had a day and a half, John thinks, overflowing, he's not sure he could touch Sherlock every way that he wants to, just now: he brushes his fingertips against the velvet-soft skin of his scrotum. But—seven, he thinks. Forty minutes. "Later," John agrees, then admits, "you've got to finish washing," heavy with regret.
"No one's ever been half so lovely to me," Sherlock whispers, and regret-swallowing aching John bends close to kiss him, over and over and over and over, until somewhere between one kiss and another sinking sticking-warm into salt-water feathers-soft sea, only just conscious enough, barely blinking, to reach up fat hands pulled from Sherlock breathing warm against him, to turn out the light.
John swallows. Squints up at him. "Stakes?"
"I want you to be happy," John says. "I want—"
"All right," George says. Totally unruffled, of course. Christ, it's not like John expected anything different. "Since?" George asks, and takes a bite of his salad.
John swallows. "If you like," he says; and Sherlock's face floods in an instant with scarlet.
Sherlock's eyes are hot and sharp while John grabs at the doorknob to hold himself up: gulps for air. "Sherlock," John says; and Sherlock murmurs, "Do you not want to?" and then touches John's cheek: two fingers, then the whole of his long angled hand and his palm. "Or—
And then stills. Half his hand held still inside him: frantic John pets at Sherlock's cheek and temple. His wet thumb, smearing at that long purple streak. Sherlock shivers. John wants to crack his own body wide-open, fit it around him. Close them up.
"All right?" John asks, lifting, just; but Sherlock shoves him right back down. John goes, heart skipping: delighted, really. Overjoyed. He fits his mouth back around Sherlock's puffy swollen-up left nipple and Sherlock moans—predictable—and doesn't say anything so John. lips. Lighter. Light. Mouth loosening and then lifting while Sherlock whines underneath him and then: nose, nuzzling. Everywhere gentle. Everywhere soft. Under him Sherlock squirming and panting hard all over and wet: thinking, probably, about screwing John so hard he can't see.
Another.
John nods. Shoulders hunched up under the duvet, warming up; Sherlock says, "Just going to," and flaps his hand around, so John nods and closes his eyes.
Yes. "So you've a bit of a break, then," John says reasonably, and some tiny shift slips in amongst the muscles around Sherlock's cold-water eyes. John sweating under his dressing gown, damp pooling in the small of his back. He shifts his weight. Bare feet.
Fucks.
) pulled up closetight hot and hard against him and kiss him (
"I like it when you take care of me," John says, "and so you take care of me."
"I can certainly understand why you would find it distressing," George says.
Sherlock makes a protesting sort of a noise, but he lets John coax him all the way to the doorway of his bedroom before he starts protesting again: loudly, if not coherently: "But the towels and things," he argues, pushing a hand hard to the doorframe; and then, more plaintively, "Pears, John"; and John scrubs a hand over his face, and sighs.
"John," says Sherlock.
John rubs. Up, down; up, down. Soft. "Do you want something to hold up your stockings?" he asks, finally, then looks up at Sherlock's lovely peculiar pink face. John says, "It's all right if you don't."
