John paused momentarily as his brain processed the way Sherlock was framing his body, close enough to smell his body wash and fancy conditioner. Ignoring the desire to lean closer and inhale deeply, he shook himself and spoke. "I knew I recognized this name, London Rehab. Two of the people from the files so far have mentioned this on their Facebook's, plus our current vics. Look," he pulled the two profiles up. "Jessica Reiner and John Bolt, both were being treated there and both were found in a back alley."
"A serial killer has been targeting your recovered patients. We will also need to interview every staff member, beginning with those who have access to medical records."
The drop off at the adoption center was...distressing to say the least. It only took a few minutes, but it was enough. John kissed Ella goodbye while she was enveloped in Sherlock's arms. And Sherlock kissed her goodbye as well, but haltingly handed her over to the awaiting worker.
He whispered his question and Sherlock replied they had to find a laptop and files. Sherlock would look for the syringes and drugs. John felt a bit uneasy to think about how Sherlock would be better at checking good places to hide such paraphernalia.
Sherlock's eyes shot open in panic. John couldn't leave him now, the thought alone was terrifying. He reached a delicate balance of peace with guilt bubbling just under the surface, and if John left it would destroy the surface tension and plunge him back down.
Sherlock got out of bed quickly and tripped when he pulled the duvet halfway off the bed due to its being wrapped around one of his legs. He pointed toward the cot with one hand and answered his phone with the other.
Sherlock was very aware of the fact that they had no baby monitor and more aware of the fact that John remembered and still didn't mention anything. Perhaps John felt more rested when they slept together too? Sherlock had fewer nightmares and actually slept almost a full eight hours, which was unheard of for him. All those articles about the merits of physical bonding being healthy and rejuvenating were correct. He could almost feel the oxytocin cycle through his brain when he woke up the last few mornings.
Their morning was slow and quiet. John was working on the first draft of the case while Sherlock was doing a routine deletion of unimportant data in his mind palace. They were interrupted only by Lestrade texting to say that all potential victims have been released from protective custody and the court date wasn't set yet on account of they still haven't found any signs of the drugs or syringes in Brown's flat.
John knew how frustrating this must be for Sherlock, but he accepted the circumstances for what they were. He reached down and rested his hand on top of Sherlock's free one, giving it a squeeze. "Stop, I'm sure you'll solve this by the end of the week."
He knew Sherlock would take to this well, and surprise probably all of their coworkers in the process. But ultimately, Ella would never feel alone again, never experience such dramatic changes in her life again. She could have stability now, and this way the two of them could also talk to her about her birth parents when she got older. Any other adoptive family would know nothing about them besides an old yellowed newspaper clipping,
"I know, but this wasn't one of em. I knew Tobias, he wasn't at risk when it happened. But the next month it happened again. I was scared and I went to his flat the same day he missed the meeting. The door was unlocked, but he'd never leave it unlocked."
He ran his fingers back and forth across the stripes, watching how the fluffy fibers laid down in the path of his hand. One of the wings were slightly rumpled with dried spit from when Eleanor would suck and chew on it. It was her favorite from the meager selection they bought for her short stay.
His skin was pale and he moved as a dancer would, flowing and without flaw (at least that the untrained eye could see). He almost always wore some form of crop top with tight fitting jeans or slacks. It made John's mouth water . The boy's ass was, while not exactly bislble, was plump and squeezable in his imagination.
They drank in comfortable silence, the kind only close friends and lovers could share. As still as the morning was, there was an undercurrent of anticipation thrumming through Sherlock's body. He felt confident that they would find strong suspects today, not to mention getting everyone at risk under protection so the killer couldn't strike again.
Sherlock said, "You set an alarm on your mobile before getting in bed, but most telling is that it's not even ten yet."
John carefully slid out from behind him and padded across the room and down the stairs. His body tensed up when he took in the living room and saw the scattered baby belongings. A changing pad here, some stuffed toys there, even the discarded pyjamas from that morning. The best course of action for now, he decided, was to move all of this to Sherlock's room where it could be shut away until Sherlock himself decided he was ready to discard (donate) it.
John sat down, entranced by the beautiful and almost haunting quality of the notes which were delicately pulled from the instrument. The piece was soft and airy, with a simple melody that lulled one into closing their eyes and taking deep breaths. It sounded like the gentleness a mother would have while kissing her baby, but in audible form.
Despite the time, John was a military man so it took less than the allotted ten minutes before he stepped into the kitchen. Sherlock handed him a mug of tea and butter on toast, much to his surprise.
John sighed, "He thought they were wasting the NHS' time and would always turn back to drugs, and wouldn't get jobs, and hurt people."
And now she would be handed off to some parents who may or may not be good people. Most people weren't to be trusted in his experience. The thought of Eleanor going off to some random people filled his gut with nausea.
"Oh, silly me." Sherlock chuckled. "He was my counselor at the center and I wanted to surprise him." Here, he placed his other hand on John's bicep. "This is John, my fiancé. Just engaged!" He even bounced a bit on his toes for added affect.
Evans rolled his eyes, "He refused to even be on scene during the killing. He just passed along information to me. His spineless arse missed out on the good stuff."
Jphn rolled his eyes and wrpapped his arm around sherlock's back. :'You won't say that later in bed tonight."
That night there was an unspoken agreement that Sherlock would sleep in John's bed again. Sometime around nine, John started his nightly routine and Sherlock followed suit when the loo was freed up.
John tried to ignore the coldness by tossing and turning. It must have been close to one in the morning when he'd finally resigned himself to a sleepless night.
All too soon Sherlock was clean on the only part that could kind of pass as platonic. John didn't even think about attempting to clean his body, that was a step too far. Even for them, right now, at that moment.
"About Eleanor." John sat down at the spare chair and Sherlock finally put his tools down to give John his full attention. "You know how Moriarty came here once? And the bomb across the street?"
Sherlock was frozen from the weight of John's passing touch and the words. The words which meant so much to him, but John would never know the extent. He closed his eyes and filed them in the vault of things said to him he'd never forget. Maybe one day, when John was gone from Baker Street, he could pull them out and remember the time John was still here and believed in him.
Sherlock was aggravated. Of course this would be the first interesting case in months and simultaneously be a case in which multiple people seemed apt to tie his hands. He stared out the window of their cab, one hand closed in a fist and pressed against his frowning mouth. The other rested in the space next to him.
Emmett trusted him. He failed majorly in one respect, the only thing he could do left is to make sure Ella was okay. More than okay.
The whole thing was a big mess. He wished he could divorce himself from emotion like Sherlock faked being able to do. It would certainly be easier that way.
Once dressed, Sherlock followed the scent of bacon into in the kitchen and took in the sight of John cooking and Emmett bottle feeding the baby. Sherlock had far too much to eat yesterday so he planned on avoiding anything this morning. On second thought, the sizzling of the food made the temptation of just one bacon strip too much. He would allow himself to steal one from John's plate.
He stared hard at Brown, noting the distress and the guilt. He moved back when he saw the moment of decision in Brown's eyes.
When Sherlock looked back at John, he found John giving him the warmest look. One which brought blood rushing to the surface of his cheeks. "What."
John finally caved and saterated laughing his fucking ass off. "I know I know, you should have seen your gay ass face."
John beamed. Sherlock could be so thoughtful with the most trivial things. "So which came first, the nickname or the song?"
Forgive me for killing off Emmett, I honestly didn't think people would like him as much as some of you did.
"Well stop thinking and let yourself rest. You'll think better once you've had some sleep." John placed his phone on the side table and plugged it into the charger.
The clinic was a welcome distraction for John. He still worried about Sherlock, but it was put on the backburner while expecting mothers and false alarm flus and broken bones marched through his office. He was exhausted when his shift was finally over.
When Sherlock didn't appear again, John made his way to the bedroom too. There he saw Sherlock standing over the cot, defeated. He walked over carefully as if approaching a wild animal.
Sherlock was offended that John didn't take his side, but felt better when he noticed the man smiling. Joking then. Right.
Sherlock retched a couple more times before wiping his mouth with toilet paper and flushing the contents. Exhausted, he leaned against the bathtub. He kept his eyes closed to avoid whatever expression was on John's face.
His hand was laying across Sherlock's chest, so he tapped his fingers a few times and puffed out a sigh. "I'm gonna go cook something and bring it back up, yeah?"
Neither commented on the fact that their hands still rested together on Sherlock's chest, and it felt too late to move them without being awkward anyway. Why not?
I tried doing research on England's court system and was thoroughly confused so don't look to closely at the details for accuracy. Also that whole bit at the end with John confronting Sherlock was going to be in the next chapter, but I felt too mean making people wait a week for more Sherlock/John soft angst!
John was mortified. If he'd known Sherlock's brother was coming he would have at least showered. God knows nothing slipped past the man, less even than passed Sherlock's observations. Nevertheless, he couldn't form a single response. It's not what you think? It's none of your business?
Sherlock sighed. "You created it, and you didn't write it down anywhere so you memorized it at some point."
Sherlock prepared to open his mouth when a throat clearing interrupted them. "I'm just gonna go upstairs then. You two seem like you need a minute alone." Emmett took the nappy bag and went upstairs, and the sounds of a disgruntled waking baby grew fainter behind him.
Sherlock's words about adoption don't reflect his actual views, he was just saying what he could to get the information he needed. (He thinks adoption is a great service, but that it does need a lot of improvement because too often kids are allowed to be with abusive guardians).
Ella made grabby hands toward her so Sherlock took her out of the carrier and handed her over. "Yes, I've adopted her actually."
They'd jsut recently gotten toghet So John though t they should go on the tunnel of love, the ride with the swans seats, boat things. Sherlock onceded because he loves John and HOn was happy because of it.
John’s hear t droped into his stomach and he cuped Sherlock’s face in his hands. “Sherlock, I wll nedver stop loving you. Ever. Even i f you didn’t want to have sex, but you do. And that is always something I will want wiht you as long as you’ll hav eit .”
John raised his hands in surrender. "Alright alright, but probably not more than a month. Two at most."
Sherlock was tall enough to jump and reach it, pulling it down with his body weight as he landed. He climbed up, and John followed closely behind. He would never make the same mistake as he did during the blind banker case.
Sherlock's sardonic response remained internal as John saw his mouth open and elbowed him. John spoke instead, "It hasn't been long, don't worry."
Sherlock grabbed the tea John already made for him and sat down at the table. It was strange. The setting was domestic, even with a client and his baby here. The baby maybe even made it more domestic, despite Sherlock never planning on having one. He never considered being a father because it was ridiculous to entertain the idea that someone would enter a long term committed relationship with him. And more ridiculous that they would trust him to be caring and responsible for another life. He'd be an uncle one day though. It was only inevitable that John find a new girlfriend, fiancée, then wife. He'd rather go back to Serbia because it would hurt less.
John grabbed their coats from the hanger by the door and rushed out to meet him and caught the tail end of the call.
Sherlock picked up the little girl and talked to her as he settled her into the carrier. Since she hit four months, she's enjoyed Sherlock talking to her greatly. She always responds with her own jibberish language, and Sherlock acts as if he knows exactly what she's talking about.
"I mean, uh. Are there other people besides you that have access to the flat or who you would allow here without your presence?"
John awoke the next morning from his own alarm, and not the lanky detective yelling at him. He made his bed, showered, and got dressed with military quickness and efficiency. He entered the kitchen, hair still damp, and found Sherlock sitting at the table and drumming his fingers. Sherlock was clearly agitated and wanted to leave as soon as possible, though they still had time to indulge in a cup of tea.
John smiled to himself, "Eggs on toast then." One day, he thought, Sherlock would admit he had an appetite.
Sherlock couldn't hide his beaming smile if he tried. "Shopping, I don't trust Mycroft's cronies' taste in baby clothes."
"Yeah," he rolled his shoulders. "I thought I could pull that off. I think that's the same problem Mr. Holmes has, thinking we're cleverer than we are."
Mixing random kitchen chemicals didn't help ease his anticipation or any of the many thoughts rocketing around his brain. So Sherlock was relieved when John finally woke up and came into the room with Eleanor wrapped in the plaid blanket.
Lestrade stood up and closed the file. "No Mr. Evans, they wouldn't have. Congratulations, you won't be leaving prison." He left the room and motioned for the guarding officer to escort the killer back to a holding cell.
Emmett frowned, "Yes sorry. Tobias Huxley, James Cross, and Laney. So the day after, the coppers found James' body too. The last one was-" He broke off as his voice choked up, breaking on the last word.
The two of them had a rather uneventful day, not including Mycroft's visit. At one point, John received a concerned text from Lestrade whom he simply replied to with "we just need a break." They decided to begin the search tomorrow and just relax for the rest of the day. It was very...domestic. John thought he could get used to doing this with Sherlock.
Sherlock was texting Mycroft about the security details, but still had one ear open for John. "What do you mean?"
Sherlock burst in to tears immediately and John dried them and shushed him ans the y drifted off into sleep.
Sherlock held out his mobile, the pdf of the warrant on screen. "Actually we're detectives, here on police business. I need a list of every patient with a narcotics addiction, along with their address and numbers."
He felt mildly better once everything was complete and the baby was happily snuggling into the crook of his arm. But he had research to do.
"Eleanor, what's this?" They squeezed a small fabric square in front of her face, causing the toy to produce a crinkly noise.
There were a few lingering tears on Sherlock's face that weren't wiped away, so John leaned forward and gently removed them with caring fingers. He ignored the hitch of Sherlock's breath and said, "Let's go take a nap."
They would see to having Mycroft's people remove all of Eleanor's things soon. Preferably tomorrow so they could sleep in the same bed again.
Trigger warning for a brief mention of bad therapy geared toward "fixing" autistic symptoms like stimming for example. It doesn't go into detail though.
The last pair had a red background, but were sprinkled with tiny pirate ships, pirate flags, and skulls with eye patches. This pair, was to Sherlock’s surprise, a thong style. He didn’t know why he was surprised though, John and him had had a long conversation about their various kinks. He knew one of John’s was him in lingerie. He had to stop thinking about that though before he started thinking about John in his military fatigues with himself in lingerie.
Sherlock forced himself to take a few deep breaths and placed his hand on top of John's. The combined heat from their hands radiated up his body and chased away the coldness he felt when he recalled everything Victor had done.
By the time John got back, the tub was full and Sherlock was in it with his legs stretched out as much as they could in the short porcelain. John placed the cup on the ground near Sherlock's upper body and turned off the tap.
John hadn't particularly thought of himself as a potential father figure, before. He was terrified of becoming his father and passing the abuse to another generation. Sometimes his anger was a rage that reminded him way too much of his father's drunken verbal beatdowns. Those instances left him shaking and guilty in bed at night, on the verge of panic.
Sherlock laid stiffly on his back while John made himself comfortable and laid on his right to keep the weight off the old wound. This happened to make him face Sherlock, who steadfastly refused to look at him. He needed to wait for John to fall asleep before he could begin cataloguing the lines on his face without getting caught.
John got home and stepped in tho sheower as usal. WHenever he got back form th e clinic he wanted to wash off the smell of antispect. He stripped sodwn and got in, turnign the nozzle to hot, but not scalding.
Sparks ran across Sherlock's spine from where John placed his hand for balance while he bent down and kissed Ella. He was thankful the conversation was over, as he would have been speechless.
Sherlock's mouth formed a 'v' of a smile, and felt a weight lift off his shoulders. He knew now, he could tell John anything. He would talk about his past for the first time. Really talk about it.
Therefore, there was a dual sigh of relief when Lestrade's text tone came from Sherlock's mobile. Sherlock replied to the message and told John to get Ella's carrier.
"I'll ask for Evans to email us a list of those not here right now. Do you think our killer will catch on and leave now that his pool of victims is gone?"
And revealing has feelings now could go very badly now that a baby was involved. He didn't want Sherlock to kick him out due to awkwardness, but if Sherlock didn't return the feelings that was the only way John could see the conversation going. And he didn't want to leave Ella, not now that they really had her.
Erasing any trace of their search from the flat was easy. They were well versed in that by this point, and didn't move many things around in the process.
Lestrade cleared his throat. "I've already sent out an alert for a missing baby, aged 4 months. If she's dropped off at any hospital or orphanage in London, we'll be the first to know."
John was afraid to touch Sherlock, he wasn't sure if it would make his panic worse. He tried talking instead. "Sherlock I need you to listen to me. Can I touch you?"
Damn John Watson. The mere suggestion kickstarted his brain into thinking of the variables he could observe.
With an easy flick, the mechanism unlatched. The two of them worked together to open it, as there wasn't a normal ledge for leverage like there would be on the inside.
With that, the man collected his things and left his number with John before leaving, comforted in the fact that his daughter and him would be safe tonight.
After feeding and changing the baby when her nap was finished, the three of them went to a baby supply store to purchase enough things so that her presence in the flat would be unequivocably permanent.
John stood back up and took Sherlock's hand to pull him all the way up. Sherlock still looked confused. John rolled his eyes and took Sherlock's coat then led him to the bathroom by a hand on the small of his back.
John replied, "We'll let you know." He glanced at Sherlock, heart warmed at the sight of him cradling Eleanor. Though he did need to talk to him alone, so he made eye contact and nodded his head in the direction of the kitchen.
, he knows who we are." Sherlock clenched his fists once more, this time in his hair. "Stupid. Stupid. Slow."
John chuckled, "You talk to me when I'm not here, so it's quite possible that's the result you favor."
Sherlock straightened his suit jacket and walked to the newest filing cabinet. It was dark in color, almost black, and the paint was scratched and dented all around. The tracks on the drawers were rusted and bent slightly out of shape, making it difficult to pull them open. He had to wrench them open.
John came closer to him and transferred the baby into Sherlock's arms. "As much as I want you to interrogate him so you can get a few punches in, I have to agree because I don't have the money to bail you out."
He stood from the leather chair and began pacing the room. The more confusing matter in his head was the matter of John Watson. John would go cold at the flip of a coin right after treating Sherlock how he normally does, with awe and respect. Surely it had something to do with unresolved feelings about the fall. But Sherlock apologized, and explained why. John knew, and still he acted sometimes as if Sherlock intentionally left him alone to suffer. Maybe he should
When Sherlock and John finally kiss I'm going to die, my sister is gonna have to upload the chapter for me when the time comes.
Sherlock blew out a long breath over the tea, pretending that his sigh was just to cool it down. After taking a sip and deliberating he spoke.
John did as instructed, curious to know what Sherlock would do. Luckily, the nappy bag contained spare nappies and a change of clothes along with formula and bottles. The outfit he pulled out was a soft pink onesie, and it wasn't difficult to change the girl, as she was sleeping due to the lack of wriggling.
John looked at the caller ID, Mrs. Hudson, and answered the phone. His voice came out hoarse so he coughed then tried again. "Hi, is everything alright?......tell him we're not taking cases right now.....I'm sure it is but ours is probably more important." He sighed, "I guess just, we'll stop by." He hung up his mobile and looked at Sherlock who had a question in his eyes. "There's a new client waiting for us, he says it's really important, that the police won't listen to him and he won't leave until we've seen him."
Eventually, John ahd three fingers comfortably rotating and moving around insid eSHerlock and k=he knew he was ready. He removed his hand and wiped it on the besdsheets, making a mental note to threow them in the wash later.
"Well, at least you can sleep then. I know you're knackered from last night, don't try and deny it."
As sweet as it was, the doctor in John spoke up. "Perfect makeshift cot, but we need to swaddle her in the blanket like this." The job he did made it so Eleanor's arms were tucked in and she was surrounded by the warm embrace of the fabric. "She could suffocate on the loose blanket, and she's not rolling around yet so she'll be safe like this."
He did please. and he entered the shower face to facte, chest to chest, hip to hip, feet to feet, with John.
"Stop." Sherlock waited until he sat back down to continue. He squeezed his hands together in a rare show of anxiety. "I'm not the same man I was two years ago. You're right when you say the fall changed me. It has, but I've also been trying. To change. That is."
Eleanor immediately disliked being handed off to a stranger and began wailing in earnest. She reached her hands out to Sherlock and looked utterly betrayed. The worker tried soothing her to no avail and left the room quickly, baby crying growing fainter as the door closed behind her.
Sherlock was getting antsy. So much data, but no way to connect them. It was all just too broad. He stood up and began pacing the room, rubbing his hands through errant curls in the process. John noticed, but wasn't sure he could say anything to be that "conductor of light" for Sherlock's brain.
John stepped into his personal space and said ,"Not anymore, I'm done for the summer." Then he leaned foreard mere milimeters form Sherlock's lips. He gave Sherlock enough time to pull away (he didn't) so John closed the distance and they stood there, only lips moving.
Sherlock flinched at the noise, though luckily no one saw because they were all looking at the double doors expectantly.
Sherlock leant back in his chair, "Do you know what rehab centers, if any, your friends and wife had been to?"
Sherlock cursed the speed of available cabs until one finally pulled up and let them in. He shouted the address at the cabbie and promised a sizable tip if he could reach there as soon as possible.
"It's fairly easy to procure drugs John, just take out some notes and find a party at the nearest university."
The two startled and sprang apart, as if the phone were a person pulling them. Sherlock walked around the table and mussed his curls in frustration. How could he forget himself in the moment? Let himself come so close to revealing what he's successfully kept buried for years?
"We don't have a cot for Eleanor," John whispered. She was fast asleep in Sherlock's arms with a full belly from a bottle of formula on the car ride back.
"She's out there, yeah?" He wrapped his other hand underneath the bar, successfully cocooning Sherlock's fist in his. "So she needs you. Come on."
John almost wanted to laugh. Shouldn’t that be his husband’s job? Turning to stare at his alpha, he found the man staring off at the guests mingling with one another, a bored expression on his face. No. His husband didn’t seem like he would be providing comfort.
“Harry needs me. I need to leave you.” John’s voice was husky, sentiment filling his vocals with the despairing pain of truly meaning his last of statements.
"I dream about tasting you. I've never... tasted myself and I never care to but, I want to taste you."
He’d find John out in the yard, library, his office, their room, wherever the omega was, and he’d lower himself on his knees, wrap his arms around the omega’s legs and beg to help John through his heat. Then… John would laugh at him, snarl with disgust, shove him away, turn his back on him and demand he leave the estate, to keep his distance as he’d done. Not wishing to share his heat, heart, or anything else with him.
"I know what you look like. I spied on you with a hidden camera. Saw footage of you during your heat."
Sherlock tensed in John's arms at the mention of that name. He hated that omega. The omega that was still attempting to take away his alpha, though from John's words of the last week, Sherlock was starting to realize he'd been wrong. John might not want Victor after all, but the lies. The lies were what stuck and stung deep.
Sherlock’s brows furrowed with confusion. Glancing at himself wondering what was the matter with his choice of attire. He wore a fitted purple button up shirt, black slacks, jacket, and leather dress shoes, and a midnight blue wool pea coat.
“Er… Right.” John mumbled, moving to the other side of the bed and placing his room key on the bedside table that was near before slipping under the covers to join Sherlock.
"I hope they all come out like you." Sherlock spoke aloud, before he could stop himself. That he had not intended on divulging, though it wouldn't be terrible if John knew.
“I would like it if we…” John bowed his head and stared at his feet, unable to look in Sherlock’s eyes when asking him this.
John stilled, the deepness of his blue searching Sherlock’s face for a hint of anger for having hidden this from him, but found none. Sherlock really didn’t understand John, why would he condemn John for keeping their relationship from a sister who—from what it sounded like, wasn’t close to John at the time. A recent reconciliation between the two siblings could give cause as to why John wanted to introduce him to his sister, and it even explained why he was hesitant on revealing the marriage John hadn’t allowed his sister to be a part of.
." Sherlock gasped, shutting his eyes and enjoying the feel when one of John's hands floated around and under his bollocks to rub a fat thumb over the wetness of his entrance.
"Don't." Sherlock cut John off, raising his hand up in a halting manner as he shook his head. "Please stop. Don't talk like this. I'm only your husband in name."
John stared fiercely at Sherlock. What kind of sick joke was this? Sherlock was a fucking asshole if he thought… Sherlock’s eyes were sincere though. He’d never blatantly lied to him, but this—this was the cruelest lie he could have thought up.
A knock on his door had John up and answering it. A suited woman with a scowl on her face entered his flat without invitation, walked up to Mycroft and handed him a folder. John watched agitatedly as the woman then swiftly exited his home and he purposefully slammed the door after her.
As the elevator doors were closing a figure hurriedly wedged itself in before the door dinged shut and Mycroft’s jaw clenched tight when he met Lestrade’s gaze.
A replacement omega was given to a alpha that had lost their original omega through death. Alphas requested a new omega from a match making agency. When the agency found an omega that had an alpha who had died before a claim could be made, they were given to a new alpha. Usually, given to the highest bidder, or one with a lot of connections.
A month and three weeks since John’s heat came and went and in that time, John could say this was the happiest he’d ever been. His human and omega side were coexisting well and he felt harmonious with everything.
“This is… what happens with all alpha submissives?” John had never heard of an alpha submissive being approached in such a rushed manner. They usually went to the hospital with a government official to perform these tests.
Unable to formulate words into a coherent sentence, he gave up and used actions to get his point across. With far more boldness than he thought himself to possess, John cupped Sherlock’s arousal, feeling beyond the confinements of fitted trousers and at the massive alpha cock that was there. The things John wanted to do with Sherlock’s cock… It all varied, but in the end, it all led to John being pounded, fucked hard and fast.
Sherlock, being so bored, he’d broken through John’s secured safety box, retrieved his gun and fired at the yellow smiling face spray painted on their wall… well that was a surprise. John had been upset, but more so at how Sherlock sent insults his way, apparently not too pleased about his ‘Lady in Pink’ blog that went viral and that John insulted him. John hadn’t meant it as an insult, not really, but Sherlock wasn’t pleased. Still… it was the solar system for Christ’s sakes! That was important information one should know, damn what Sherlock thought!
John hummed in agreement; he was, but still… There was this gap, a gap he’d created and he wanted to mend it.
A doctor and a handful of nurses were rushing to his side now, the EMT’s were delivering his stats and condition and John knew it wasn’t good. He was a doctor, he knew the risks and outcomes of such a case, but he still had to try.
Sleep came sooner than the night before, but not too quickly. He’d spent long moments feeling the tenderness of his alpha’s caress before finally slipping into the darkness of sleep, but even in the darkness of sleep he felt the phantom-like kiss the alpha placed on his bond-bite and exhaled an edgy sigh.
Two years and Sherlock's and John's tattered bond had yet to fully sever. It both amazed and frightened John. It was amazing for John in the way that it proved the deepness and strength of their bond. Yet it was also frightening, because he wasn't sure when their bond would finally give and snap, effectively ending his life and sending him to his one and only alpha.
John had considered it briefly, but as he didn’t so much care for the man, he hadn’t really focused on it so intently.
way, but then again, Sherlock had never been the typical alpha. Sherlock had gifted John with tasting several times in fact. Was it so wrong for John to want to do the same?
John gripped to Sherlock’s shoulders as a full body convulsion rocked through him. He was going to come if he thrust hard like that again and then he’d be painfully embarrassed he couldn’t even last a full minute.
Sherlock could scent his alpha, he smelled bitter, of fear and pain. The smell of him, left a bad taste in his mouth and Sherlock wanted it. It was right.
want to stop it. Still, he worried, worried he'd displease his alpha in the way his body was so not like other omegas'. This was one thing both his omega and logical senses agreed on: Sherlock was lacking what other omega's easily had, but John - good, wonderful John - loved him.
John edged away from the alpha, sparing a moment to eye him, befuddled. Sherlock truly perplexed John. Swallowing dryly, John forced himself to break their stare. Those deep blue eyes unsettled him. Glancing to a smug Mycroft, John started to gain the sense that a sibling rivalry existed between the two men.
After what must have been twenty minutes of painful silence, Sherlock snorted with amusement. John jumped, surprised by the sound and stared stunned. The Sherlock that wasn’t quite his Sherlock didn’t laugh often, in fact the last time he could remember Sherlock laughing this hard was when they’d been at Buckingham Palace.
One voice offered and Sherlock tensed, his wrists wringing to free themselves from the alpha, but it was a hopeless fight.
Lestrade opened his mouth to speak, but Mycroft knew what he would ask, it was obvious he didn’t understand what Mycroft was implying.
John realized that these guests were members of the Holmes family, or at least he assumed so. They were all slender, tall, and pale. They held a regal stance, much like his alpha and in-laws.
God, it felt hot, and John knew it was just him. He couldn’t stop feeling so nervous, flustered, and like a virgin. He was no virgin, not after the many times Sherlock had claimed him during his heat and that one time after, but still… John felt so unsure of himself, unsure of how to present himself to Sherlock. He really wanted Sherlock in that way, but everything felt so off, like it wasn’t time for that. He must be crazy; they’d been married for almost a year now and they’d only had sex twice—one being a whole bunch of times during his heat, but that didn’t count, and that one time after.
“Yes. I’ll head home to her now. Here’s my cell number. Please call me and let me know how he’s doing, and tell me when Sherlock arrives?”
Sherlock sobbed, lungs burning with the effort to catch his breath as his mind swam with images of his belly growing, of his weight gaining with the healthy pups he'd carry for his alpha.
The silence that followed sent John’s heart pounding, hammering against his ribcage and he worried Sherlock might notice. He didn’t, thankfully.
Sherlock never touched John’s cock, no matter how much John whimpered and begged, wanting John to come hands free—John did. Heat already doing a number on him, and having gone so long with suppressants made John’s body so much more sensitive. John came, knot flaring, stretching and burning the brim of his hole as Sherlock’s hips did this wonderful swiveling and a millisecond later Sherlock filled him with hot come.
"John..." Sherlock called to his omega, meeting dark blue eyes. "There's something I should say. I meant to say, but I haven't. Since it's unlikely we'll ever meet again, I might as well say it now."
“Right, I’m just the omega you got saddled with. I’ll be sure to keep my distance.” John answered weakly. He had no fight in him as he rose from his seat, not able to bear looking at Sherlock he left quickly and kept his gaze down to the floor.
"What are you--" Sherlock was cut off by Victor laughing harder, though the pain in his eyes could not be hidden.
"Need to get the powder burns out of your fingers. I don't suppose you'd serve time for this, but let's avoid the court case." Sherlock contemplated, unable to fathom why he cared to protect the alpha after all the wrong he'd committed against him, but if it hadn't been for the alpha, Sherlock would have been dead right now. So it was the least he could do and that was the point, it was the
John smiled softly at him and squeezed his knee before sitting back again. "You can't I'm afraid. It's just going to take some time. I'm sorry I made you feel like I was punishing you, I'll work on that."
There the yremoved their cl0thes and had sex. John was on top as per usual (they both rtried both ways, but sherlock prefers bottoms ing so .) and had sex. The mpst important part is that they kepyt hisperinf "I love oyu I love you." diring it.
Sherlock started a fire and closed the curtains while John fetched them a couple glasses of whiskey. The room now held an orange glow from the fire and the red tinted lamp. The atmosphere was suitable for a difficult topic of conversation, as it felt comforting and private.
John could hear a smile behind the words, but his stomach knotted because he knew this wouldn't have a happy ending.
Emmett looked up and realized John was referring to the baby. He cleared his throat a few times and wiped his nose. "Eleanor, she's my daughter. She'll be four months soon, it's why I got clean. We were going to do it together, me and the wife, once we found out she was pregnant. I've never known better motivation than her."
He ended up deciding to go with the shirt, pants, and trousers. So he finished up his nightly routine then entered the bedroom, curls still damp, leaving a few drops on his shirt. Sherlock found John already tucked under the blankets and based on the clothes littering the floor, deduced that he was only a shirt and pants. So maybe it was okay after all?
"You say that as if you're speaking in the general sense, but we both know that's not entirely true. If your only motivation was societal and moral based, then you know this crime was pointless. You know it won't send a message and you know six people is nothing in the grand scheme of things. This is personal."
John didn't comment on his abrupt departure, but he did take off his jacket and make a mental note to check on Sherlock later. He updated Emmett on their progress or lack thereof and informed him that it would probably be a few days before they found their guy.
It was easy to rule out all of them. None fit the profile, had alibis, and seemed genuinely nice overall. It wasn't a surprise this place was highly rated. Meanwhile John received the list and had it faxed to Lestrade so former patients could begin having protection. There weren't enough officers to watch them, so Lestrade's solution was to have them checked onto the same floor of a few different hotels in the area. A couple cops could be stationed at the ends of each corridor.
Business as usual then. John fetched his phone from the bedroom, where it was still plugged into its charger. Their fingers brushed as he handed it over.
Sherlock hadn't meant to let it slip that he'd also sleep in the bed. He was just going to slip in unnoticed after John fell asleep. He must be more tired than he thought. "Shut up before I change my mind."
John sighed and sat forward in his chair and placed one hand on Sherlock's knee. "I'm just worried that you'll leave again or go galivanting off during a case and get yourself killed for real. It's not your fault, at least not completely. I should take your word for it that you won't do it again, but I know how that brain of yours works and sometimes you do things and think later. This is just an aspect of our trust that I have to regain."
They searched for about a half hour without yielding any results. Brown had no secret lover, had no tragic childhood, had no dead parents or relatives of note, nothing. His life was as average as they come.
The laptop was handed off to the cyber team, but Sherlock didn't have much confidence in that. The password was random characters, and depending on how long it was, it could take months or years to crack. He had higher chances just talking to Brown directly.
Emmett nodded and began crying despite his best efforts to hold his emotions at bay. The baby in his arms stirred at the shaking, and made distressed whimpers, feeding off its father's emotions. John stood and gently took the baby from his hands, then he turned and passed the bundle over to Sherlock who stared at him like he was being handed a live bomb. John handed their client a box of tissues and placed a comforting hand on his shoulder.
Lestrade leaned even closer. "If you are who I think you are, we will find everything we need to indict you. Don't hold your breath."
The song Sherlock plays actually exists and is wonderful! My description pales in comparison to the real thing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEPiCqKXkww
John rounded his stand likea man possesed, willing to be fired for this moment, and made his way to where Sherlock was.
Sherlock and John stepped into the adjoining room where Donovan was already sitting. John nodded to her while Sherlock ignored her and focused on the man behind the two way mirror.
John made dinner while Sherlock played a concert for Eleanor who was propped up with pillows and absolutely captivated by the performance. Speak of the devil, she refused to have her usual naps so only the music calmed her overtired tears.
Luckily, traffic wasn't terrible and the cabbie really wanted the extra money, so they made it to Emmett's fairly quickly. Though not before Scotland yard and the ambulance.
John could hear numerous threats to his person in that tone, and he believed Mycroft would follow through on every single one. He had no intention of breaking Sherlock's heart, he only hoped Sherlock wouldn't break
Much to Sherlock and John's surprise, Lestrade was chatting with the receptionist at the hospital when they got there.
Sherlock and John started walking down the street, waiting for the click of the door shutting. As soon as it was heard, Sherlock dropped his hand from John's back. He didn't want to make him uncomfortable. Unbeknownst to him, John already missed the contact.
"Offering." He looked as confused as John felt. He turned and marched into the kitchen before John could say anything else.
Due to the nap, Sherlock stayed up all night. His transport received more than enough sleep for the next couple days, no matter what John thinks. Sleep was so pedestrian. Why couldn't they just wake up the employees and be allowed in the building tonight? Why couldn't they just break in? Why did no one seem to care that the whole case could be solved much quicker if they were like him.
Sherlock brought the baby closer, pulling it to his chest to protect it from falling. He had never held a baby and had no idea what to do. He stared down at the tiny face, eyebrows scrunched in confusion.
This chapter felt right to go into their thoughts way more than having dialogue, and I'm pleased how it turned out. Took me a while to write though!
Oh no, Sherlock was quite awake actually. "When have I stopped being able to lie to you John Watson?"
I'm sorry this is late guys, I had a lot of shit to get done for my university and was also experiencing a severe depressive episode. I wanted this chapter to be longer, but I also wanted to get something out. Anyway, hope you enjoy!
All the usual suspects were playing an nice roudn of go  PEach righWHAT FUTKCkart racing. Bowser whizzed mby ans d nkncoked
Sherlock stared back at him and brought a hand to his mouth in a shushing gesture. But his face was also smoothed out and relaxed with the smallest hint of a content smile tugging at the corners of his lips. His other hand laid on Ella's bum, protecting her from sliding off onto the floor.
A haunted look came over John's face. "Promise me you won't go out alone. Not until this case is over."
Brown was visibly anxious and trying hard not to show it. Which of course, inadvertently made it more obvious. (Unwavering eye contact, leg tapping, nose scratching). Instead of answering, he simply shook his head.
your business. You know it's very hard for me, but I understand now that-" He closed his eyes and sighed. "I'm not a sociopath, and I should talk about my...feelings." The last word was said with scorn. As much as he was trying to be open, it was difficult to let go of the facade he'd used to protect himself for years and years.
John ignored him and just kept whispering the same phrase over and over. "You're okay. You're okay."
John went to the bathroom while rolling up his sleeves. There he turned the water on and plugged the drain. He thought about adding Sherlock's favorite bubble bath but decided against it because he wasn't sure if the smell would overload his senses right now. Better to be safe. He watched it fill for a minute then went back to where Sherlock was.
"Your lack of alibi combined with the timing of your departure, and your occupation and relevant access to patient records, gives us more than enough evidence to search your home. If we find something direct, you will be prosecuted for these seven murders and get life in prison. If you cooperate with us, I can make this process go by much quicker. But right now you don't have any options."
The blog post was written in a way that neglected to tell their audience that a new member had joined Baker Street. It reminded John that there were much bigger problems to worry about than whether or not Sherlock left glassware or chemicals in reach of the floor. The duo had quite the public presence due to Moriarty and Sherlock's return. Their place of residence was no secret, it was even listed on Sherlock's contact information. John thought about how Lestrade didn't have any social media presence nor his address and phone number available through online databases. Anonymity online was something common to officers, especially ones with families.
John rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and clumsily reached for the phone on his night stand. The time read 4:43am. Too damn early.
It took him about an hour to finish the rough draft, and by the end, he was too tired to go back through and edit right now. He'd do it later.
Sherlock picked up his violin with sharp movements. "Is there a reason you're here as opposed to, I don't know, using your phone?"
John knew if Mycroft really couldn't afford to spare the manpower than he would say something. So he didn't argue the matter and brought out a pen and paper from the table in the living room. "We need a bottle warmer, cot, more clothes, nappies, wipes, and dummies. Anything else you can think of?"
"We have things under control right now, there's no immediate danger for you or anyone else tonight, but that won't last. Tomorrow we're going to the rehab center and we'll get protection for every potential victim. Just focus on yourself and that little girl."
He lost himself in the search instead of thinking about it longer. John opened and closed the drawers of every desk, dresser, armoire, and anything else he could find in all the rooms. He found a laptop under the bed though, so that was promising. He took it to Sherlock, who uncovered nothing except a hidden compartment in the floorboards which held a couple butt plugs.
John chuckled at the man's antics. So his nibs finally admits hunger. John didn't point it out, it would only encourage a strop, and pulled out their favorite menus. After a whole day of baby rearing, he was definitely too worn out to cook something substantial.
who abandons the story, but here we are! May someone else write the world's best parentlock fic that has a conclusion, laterz!
They made eye contact and Sherlock quickly gave the cabbie a new address, Emmett's, and promised a couple extra tenners if he sped. There was no reason to think that the killer somehow got wind of the investigation already and planned to break the current modus operandi, but who knew really? They frustratingly still had nothing on the type of person the killer is and no idea how much oversight he has over the rehabilitation center.
Ensconced on the couch doing research is how John found them hours later when he finally woke for the day. He definitely caught the tail end of what sounded like Sherlock speaking to her about an old case.
stare at the exposed thigh muscles. On top of that, the boxer brief style only confirmed what Sherlock deduced about John's size based on his gait.
Sherlock grabbed a pen from his pocket and read over the contents of the paperwork. It was a temporary custody forming which allowed the police to sign Eleanor over into the care of one Sherlock Holmes until Zachary Evans was in a prison cell. Seeing the name written made Sherlock's blood boil. He wondered if he would have been better off never learning it. He made a mental note to delete it as soon as the case was closed. He read through the rest of it and signed his name at the bottom with more force than necessary.
Meanwhile, Sherlock emptied the bottom drawer of his dresser and lined it with a quilt that was folded on a chair in the corner of his room. The quilt was big enough and drawer small enough that it could line the whole thing while also being folded over a couple times for a makeshift mattress pad. Then he left the room and came back in with the plaid fleece blanket that usually rested over John's chair in the living room. He motioned for John to move the baby into the drawer and Sherlock laid the blanket over top of her loosely.
So that's where Sherlock found himself. He laid on his side facing John and watched the slow movement of John's chest. John kept going to bed in pants and a t-shirt, which made Sherlock wonder how it was supposed to be possible for him to
Then, he finally walked over to the dresser and picked up little Eleanor. He waited until they were in the living room to begin soothing her because he'd rather die than admit to anyone he participated in that incessant baby talk adults always do.
John bumped Sherlock's shoulder with his, "We'll be fine as long as you don't run off without me you git."
"Mr. Brown named you as an accomplice in the stalking of six victims, and sole perpetrator in the murder of all six. Is he lying?"
Any thoughts of keeping things platonic vanished at the sight of Sherlock's exposed skin. His long limbs were pale and begged to be cherished, kissed. He wondered if they ever had been. He thought Sherlock deserved someone who would who would frame every inch of Sherlock's body in care and protection. Far too much pain had been dealt to this body, physically and emotionally. John could see the edges of Sherlock's back scars curving over the tops of his shoulders. As garish as they were in deepness, and redness on some, he knew the pain inflicted on his mind from the torture was far worse.
"We know about the files. Your hit list, so to speak." Sherlock guessed the patient information was what was hidden in the locked folder. The man just needed to believe he already saw them.
Thankfully, she was sleepy from the bottle and went straight to sleep. John thanked whoever was out there and climbed back into bed on top of the covers. He was too tired for much more than that. He fell asleep quickly to the sound of his flatmate breathing deeply.
John slowly removed his hands, and Sherlock felt the loss as hard as he gripped the cot earlier. "Mycroft has people on relevant CCTV cams, we just have to wait for them to spot something."
His words echoed those of Irene Adler's long ago. It couldn't be true though. At least not with them. Sherlock uses disguises all the time, and they're all picked specifically to get the information he needs. It has nothing to do with himself. Right?
"Certainly not, we have better taste," Sherlock said and punctuated his statement with a kiss to the top of Ella's head.
John smiled when he felt Sherlock begin pressing into his hands, seeking more contact. With that, any leftover anxiety over this act was erased.
It only took a minute for Lestrade to escort the killer into the adjoining room. The man looked as unassuming as he had when John spoke to him the day of the search warrant, dressed in a cardigan and loafers with no sense of urgency about him.
Mycroft didn’t answer, merely turned away from the alpha and rushed for the door. Needing to get the hell out of the other alpha’s presence and collect his thoughts.
Cautiously, John raised his eyes to see how Sherlock was taking his words and bit his tongue; Sherlock’s cheeks were burning red, his jaw line tense, lips pursed refraining from speaking. John cleared his throat, realizing he shouldn’t have said anything and quickly rose to his feet.
John turned away, grabbed his discarded clothes from the ground and voicelessly exited the room, shutting the alpha’s door with a soft click and headed for his own room. The moment he shut the door of his room, John leaned heavily against it and exhaled a stuttering breath, blinking his eyes hurriedly, attempting to hold within all the pain tormenting his heart.
“Eat sweetheart, you look positively famished. You must have worn yourself out.” Mrs. Holmes giggled cheerily.
John was thankful they didn’t have to dance at their wedding, and he had a strong belief that it was due to his heavy intoxication that he was never prompted to do so. There had been speeches from the best man, it was formal and to the point. His father gave a speech that was humble and caring. Even Harry made a speech. She was pissed and spoke about always protecting her brother and then proceeded to threaten Sherlock if he were to ever hurt John she would end him. John had flushed hotly and glanced over to his alpha and in-laws. His in-laws were not pleased, but Sherlock smirked amusedly.
Sherlock declined, telling the D.I. he was on Sex Holiday and would be unavailable for any case for a week at the very least. He intended on spending the next week getting his fill of all the sex he'd declined himself, because he wanted it and needed it.
Sherlock dipped his head and seated himself in a nearby chair where he subconsciously palmed his bond bite once more.
“See what I mean, John? It was only ever a friendly competition for me—a way to keep me on my toes working hard to be number one, but to Sherlock here—”
…” John felt his anger rising as he spoke and stopped himself before cursing his husband, knowing that this was his alpha’s brother he was talking to. No matter the sibling rivalry that might be there, the two were family, and he knew how much alpha’s valued kin.
John hated himself more and more, the clearer his mind became after each orgasm. He regretted his confession so much so, and the embarrassment of his behavior, grew and grew, until the very last orgasm of his heat passed.
After first meeting Mycroft, John had been ever curious about Sherlock. The few newspaper clippings Mycroft had given him, prompted John to look up his the future mate through the Internet. John had been fascinated by what he found. Sherlock was an intelligent man, if not a little obsessed with Tobacco.
“Come, John. We’re getting something in that belly of yours. It’s not just you we need to worry about.”
Stepping back to observe the collar he'd placed onto John, Sherlock was filled with an unmeasurable sense of pleasure.
"How about next time I have you on your hands and knees on the floor and wet that hole of yours with my slick, would you like that."
"For now. We sleep in different rooms. I will need to have you present for when I work on cases. I'm sure Mycroft has already told you what I do. You will be my associate. I know you're an army doctor, so your skills and medical knowledge could prove useful on cases. As for the care part of our bonding, I will allow you to scent me an hour each night before bed. You may scent me in the morning for a short time after I've showered and readied myself for the day. That is all I wish to say, now would you like to move to the couch where you may scent me before I go to bed. I'm rather tired."
“Mycroft, wait.” Lestrade rushed, but it was too late. The D.I. stared despairingly at his phone, sucking in his bottom lip to nibble at it worryingly; Lestrade felt something was terribly wrong. Mycroft never spoke to him like that—so devoid of feelings, feelings other than pure detestation.
Sherlock was eight and a half months pregnant and looking more and more like a whale. To be specific a blue whale. They were the largest of whales and right now Sherlock felt like he had those whales beat.
Sherlock stared searchingly at John’s half lidded eyes, trying to find answers. John reached out for his omega, his fingers fisting in Sherlock’s black button up shirt and drawing the omega in close.
Sherlock's tender skin rippled with the soft delicate brush of John's chest hair gliding against his own chest... The omega was helpless to stop himself from rising up and unabashedly nuzzling the alpha's clavicle. Scenting his husband's musk, it overpowered the normally sweet scent. The heavy scent of pre-come drove Sherlock's omega wild. John's hands moved over Sherlock's shoulders, slipping the shirt further away. Moving awkwardly, Sherlock twisted his arms and John tugged hard, removing the sleeves from his arms, and tossed it over the bed.
"Out! Get out!" Sherlock demanded, outraged when there was no longer anything for him to throw at the alpha. If the omega rose from where he was seated to grab some from the kitchen cabinets, then yes, but as it was, in Sherlock's current condition, that was highly unlikely.
"John!" Sherlock croaked, pushing the pillow completely off himself, and his hips bouncing wildly, his hands lowering to cup his bollocks while his other fisted the heated solidness of his cock.
John’s nose felt on fire, the scent of walnuts and coffee filled his overwrought senses and his body lurched, convulsing with the alpha’s scent: Lestrade.
“More.” John sobbed, tapering his grip on dark tresses, drawing Sherlock the closest that was achievable.
big. It was enormous, the sheer thickness and length was daunting to behold and John became immediately concerned for the omega. Sure while in heat the omega’s body would force itself to take their alpha’s cock, but this… It seemed to be too much.
“Why are you…? Stop this,” John pleaded, voice trembling as Sherlock remained ever constant, eyes never faltering, never demonstrating a tell of a lie, because he wasn’t lying and that was the most confusing part to come to terms with.
“I wanted them because they were ours. I want whatever you can give me, and even if we don’t ever have children, I’m fine with it just being us.”
John began counting down from ten, but when he got to four and his rage only seemed to be intensifying, he started counting down from twenty. When he reached six, he felt he could speak somewhat calmly.
“Thank you. Sherlock’s been trying too. They haven’t come near the flat since I was first discharged from the hospital.” John tried to remain optimistic, but it was difficult when he knew why Mrs. Holmes truly came.
Mycroft could kill his brother right now, but then Gregory was leaning in close to his cheek. When the other alpha brushed his nose against his temple, scent marking him, Mycroft inhaled sharply and stumbled back and out of the man's grasp.
“Stop it, John! Stop pretending. I understand fully how you see me. I understand fully just how you loath me.” Sherlock laughed, manic and vengeful all at once and it was terrifying.
"No, no. They're your parents." John moved towards the door, but stopped when Sherlock gave him that look. A look of urgent need and John stopped because that look alone could make him do anything.
The alpha on the screen took several cautious steps towards the bed. Where John expected the omega to reject the alpha’s advances, he was stunned when the omega bayed feebly, pleadingly. The alpha was on the bed in a heartbeat, hurriedly crawling over on top of the omega, growling triumphantly when the omega tilted its head back and revealed the bond bite, marking him as his alpha’s mate.
“These are your alpha’s parents, Benjamin and Eleanor Holmes.” Mr. Watson introduced, releasing John of his hold and moving to stand beside his wife.
John went to great lengths preparing for the statement they'd soon have to make with the press. Sherlock and John talked about it and finally came to their decision. Sherlock thought it best they tell John's sister about the baby and after he'd given birth they could do a wedding ceremony. He wasn't all that pleased about having another wedding ceremony, but John promised him it wouldn't be more than ten people.
"Where are you going?" The desperation in John's voice had Sherlock snapping his head up and meeting the omega's stare, though he knew nothing good could come of it.
"Don't stop. Please. Please? I'm so close." Sherlock began begging because that was his purpose. He was to beg, because John had fucked him into submission. He was a pile of begging flesh. "Fuck me. Use me. I need it. I want it."
Lestrade smugly glanced over to his fellow officers, then back to Sherlock and said innocently, “It’s a drugs bust.”
There came a strangled whine, followed by a sniffle that had Sherlock curiously glancing back at John. Finding the alpha stubbornly wiping his wet eyes, while looking at him as if... as if Sherlock were the most amazing thing on this earth, well that was... It just was... was.
“Ignore all of that. It’s just the, uh, the shock talking.” Sherlock detoured and ignoring Lestrade’s need for understanding he hurriedly made his way over to John.
John released a shaky breath and glanced back at the building Sherlock was within along with a swarm of officers.
"He's alive, John. He was on a case, my agents lost track of him and when they found him he'd been stabbed in the chest. I'm sorry. I tried to call you. When you didn't answer I had men go out to get you and you were brought back to London. Sherlock's here, he's awake and-"
“Here, love. Put this wet towel on your forehead. I turned the air conditioner on so you’ll feel loads better.” Mrs. Hudson explained.
John stirred the bubbling sauce. Sherlock was seated at the kitchen table, sipping his cup of tea, watching him. John was bustling about the kitchen, completely focused on his work and unaware of Sherlock’s intense stare. Rising to his feet, Sherlock walked over to him. Standing at John’s side, John looked up at Sherlock curiously, yet smiled and spooned a small amount of sauce. Blowing at the wooden spoon and cooling the sauce enough to place some on the palm of one hand, John licked it up and smiled with approval.
John huffed a sad laugh. "For what? Sorry for the countless rejections? Or that you find my love for you repulsive? Maybe for the fact that I'm an alpha that only wants to possess you as my own, willing to force you into this marriage?"
"I can’t tell you how glad we are, Sherlock. All that time people thinking the worst of you," Mrs. Holmes whispered, but John's omega hearing caught it. He could feel the heat of Sherlock's gaze on him, most probably worried he could still hear them, but John stared out the window as if he remained none the wiser.
John stared at it momentarily. Sherlock’s hand was large, his fingers slender, pale and inviting. Staring up into the alpha’s vulnerable eyes, John inhaled deeply. Hesitating no longer, he took hold of Sherlock’s hand, rose to his feet, and offered the alpha back his coat.
Sherlock was soaked to the bone; his fitted clothes clung tightly to his body, a pool of water circling around him when he’d managed to exit the fountain.
"That is not love. If he'd loved me, he'd have never deleted his memories of us." John had told Mary long ago of their marriage... Everything about their marriage.
John vaguely remembered the tour Mycroft gave him as his thoughts had wandered off and he contemplated other stressing things, so this was more of a refresher tour. He started downstairs and realized just how many grand rooms there were; all decorated in different themes, for different types of events. John had a feeling Mrs. Holmes liked to throw parties and he could just imagine the long suffering pain he would need to endure attending them.
John came inside just as Sherlock was making his order to go. The alpha smiled brightly up at him and Sherlock glared back.
"Stay out here while I air out the house." John ordered, grasping a hold of Sherlock's shoulders and pushing him down against one of the cushioned chairs.
John was typically a hard sleeper once he truly fallen into a deep state of REM. It would take a lot to wake him; his dreams were so strong most nights that Sherlock never felt worry he would wake. Knowing he couldn’t remain beside John forever, Sherlock would release John’s hand, rise from the bed and go back to his own room. He would lie in his bed, shut his eyes and curl close to his pillow, imaging it was John; Sherlock would embrace it and fall into a deep sleep appeased to at least be marked with John’s scent. This strange sleeping ritual became a regular routine for Sherlock and it seemed to be the only thing that helped him get any rest.
However, Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from being mentally affected by that footage. Now, every time he saw John, Sherlock would recall just what the alpha’s clothes hid. All that skin that appeared hot to the touch. Those strong arms… An expansive toned chest covered in soft dark blond hair. Those broad shoulders… Strong wide hips... John’s firm gluteus maximums. That beautiful alpha cock and… how round and heavy John’s bollocks were.
As John shifted his left knee up, he knocked it into something and glanced at his side to find the lubricant Sherlock must have retrieved from the dresser earlier. John smiled and pulled it closer to himself—he’d use it soon enough.
John inhaled the coat and an angst-ridden howl reverberated through the car. It was one of Sherlock’s coats, it was laced in the alpha’s scent, and his pheromones sent his body into pleasant convulsions.
John never noticed how Sherlock leaned against the wall and blew out a heavy breath as he opened the door and was greeted by a smiling Angelo standing outside.
“With this ring, I thee wed. With my body, I thee worship. And with all my worldly goods, I thee endow.”
“My pretty, pretty, Sherlock. Going to stuff you full.” John growled feral-like. As he took his mate, he took possession of Sherlock's claim mark, biting into it, though there was no need, but for the need of his alpha seeking to reaffirm Sherlock was truly his.
John couldn’t say anything, his eyes stung the longer he stared into Sherlock’s ocean blue. Sherlock looked tired, seeming to lack the sleep John himself was. There were bags under the omega’s eyes, his skin was a shade paler than usual, and his bottom lip was a deep red from the many times he’d chewed at it worryingly.
John stumbled another step away from the alpha, fear and shame coloring his face as he raised a hand to his bond bite and cautiously touched the sensitive flesh. Regardless of his wish, tears formed in his eyes. He’d been claimed by his alpha, he was now owned and his alpha would take him on his heat and begin breeding him. John was no different than a bitch in a puppy mill.
Sherlock released a heavy sigh before tugging the sheets from under John. Hopeful it might wake him, but when John just grumbled indistinct nonsense in his sleep, Sherlock couldn’t hate him for it. He raised the freed comforter over John’s prone form before slipping under the sheets himself and turning away from John.
The room was a mess of papers, journals and books scattered across a large table. A microscope lay in the mess of it all, along with several Petri dishes, and glass slides. Some of the Petri dishes looked to have some type of mold growing and others had unidentified substances.
Moving to stand further in front of John and to the side of the horse’s head, Sherlock took hold of the front rein, controlling Axel’s minor head bobbing and stilled his anxious movements.
John would never cheat on him. Of course he knew this. He wasn't an idiot. Biology proved that alpha submissives were monogamous to the extreme. That didn't mean feelings for another omega couldn't arise.
“Okay. I’ll leave you alone to… you know.” Mrs. Hudson could sense John wanted a moment alone and he was thankful for this.
"Love, please." John sounded pained, near tears, and that hurt Sherlock more than he cared to admit.
“Sherlock!” Mrs. Hudson admonished, but Sherlock paid her no mind as he seated himself in a chair, leaned back, shut his eyes and pressed his clasped fingers under his chin.
Sherlock belted a monstrous outcry of rage. Four agents pinned him to the furthest wall of Mycroft’s office, allowing their superior space to collect himself. Sherlock tasted the bitter metallic flavor of blood, Mycroft’s—with feral fascination. Two agents on the ground held their bleeding arms and stared up in terror at the rampant alpha. Mycroft wasn’t doing any better, leaning back into his desk, winded, and hanging on to his bleeding shoulder; the gray of his suit turning dark with blood.
John hesitated by the use of such endearment. Sherlock couldn’t possibly love him. No. Love… was just a superficial endearment, like sweetheart and dear. It didn’t mean Sherlock loved him. In spite of knowing this, the mention of such an affectionate term set John’s stomach rolling with anxiety and want.
“That, uh… thing that you… did. That you, um…” Sherlock cleared his throat and paced back up to John, “…you offered to do... That was, um... good.”
Sherlock was bewildered and pained by his words, but as John began to stutter out his last of admissions his features hardened with anger.
Sherlock couldn't help himself, he had to look, and when he did, he wasn't sure how to respond. John was kneeling between his spread legs, hands stroking his knees, his eyes fixed on his two sexes. His hard, stout cock lay straight and flushed red. The head of his small cock glistening in the light of the room, creamy pre-come dribbling from the spout and streaking his lower abdomen. Sherlock felt himself grow self-conscious the longer John stared at his sexes and covered one of the two, knowing as an alpha, only one would be most desired.
“You… you didn’t Sherlock. Tell me you didn’t!” Mrs. Holmes demanded, but when Sherlock merely retrieved a folder from his leather satchel at his side and handed it over to Mycroft, Mrs. Holmes wailed hysterically.
“I—Brilliant. You… So…” John choked, cock jolting, lower belly roiling with the warning of near completion and John immediately became rigid, “
“Well, yeah. I mean… I thought maybe we could try to make this marriage work, but then last night happened and it made me reevaluate things. I don’t think it would work out in the end.”
"I certainly have not. You are my omega, and I... You know how I feel, but I know you don't wish to hear those words. Because I feel this way about you, I kindly keep those feelings to myself, but it doesn't change what exists in my heart."
John understood it then. Many alphas and omegas were forced into their unions and most of those alphas didn’t love those omegas enough to be committed to them. They took care of their omegas, gave them all they desired, but their hearts were of their own possession, never shared. Sherlock wanted others to think much of the same about them, because if it were thought they truly cared for each other, it left them in danger of being harmed.
John drew in a trembling deep breath unable to voice the confession he’d spent months trying to perfect and instead blurted something else he’d wanted to say for so very long.
Harry was kin. John knew that being in heat wouldn’t spur her into mating with him. Although the scent of an in heat omega would set off an alpha’s arousal, an alpha could not breed a member of their family, omega or not. Their sense of logic would still remain enough so to understand that much at least.
John didn’t raise his gaze to meet Sherlock’s. Not sure what he’d find in those cold, unfeeling eyes. Several long moments passed in silence and John refused to raise his head. He was done trying. Done being hurt. Done seeing Sherlock pull away anymore.
John shut his eyes, smile present as Sherlock’s cock gave another jolt within him, shooting more sperm deep inside of him and he knew that those pups would be making their way to his womb, so many pups to carry, John wanted them all.
Silence bled through the room, John stared at Mycroft, just stared, unsure how he should go about saying what it was he needed to say.
Sherlock lifted the leather chair and using all his strength raised it over his head before throwing it across the room.
Eventually, Sherlock would warm up to John again, realize he was just being sensitive and taking his frustration out on John because he loved Sherlock enough to allow his omega to vent it all on him.
John flushed at the compliment. No one had ever complimented his scent. It was an insecurity of his he'd always been ashamed of. One of the only things he felt he was lacking.
"I was never with Mary. She was only ever my friend. I'm sorry I let you believe otherwise. It was childish and cruel of me." John shamefully acknowledged.
Inhaling a trembling breath, Sherlock blinked back the remaining wetness, and turned his head to stare out at the railing of the terrace.
John’s body shook, his hands tightening into fists, and he felt a sense of bitterness and unease. He wanted to snap at Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, knowing it was wrong, knowing how disrespectful of an omega he would be to do so, didn’t stop John from taking a threatening step towards his in-laws. John opened his mouth to begin his heated tirade of insults, this over entitled family needed to be reprimanded, they needed to understand that although John was an omega, he was not weak—he never had the opportunity to start his rant though.
“It gets better. I promise you.” The soft words of his male nurse filled the room, but did nothing to soothe the pain within.
Sherlock dipped his head, resting it against John’s inner thigh and surprised himself when a snort of hilarity dispelled from out of him. Hissing his soft laughter at John’s complete idiocy, Sherlock raised himself back up to lay beside his omega and smiled over at the naked fool.
to stop this from happening, but John couldn’t. He was so enthralled by the alpha’s scent, it made everything spin.
Sherlock stared at his cell phone. No calls, no voice messages, and no texts. Nothing. Sherlock threw his cell phone against the wall and scoffed when it shattered into pieces.
"John." Sherlock murmured, dropping his bags and moving towards the vibrating alpha and wordlessly wrapped his arms around him.
John truly didn't know what to do... He remained standing near the door and staring at the omega who was still shaking. He didn't want to assume anything, but... It appeared to him at least... Sherlock might be upset by his absence... Scared that he might not have come back and John felt guilt weigh heavily on him, because he'd intended to leave, for a few days, but leave regardless.
.” Sherlock sounded so frail, broken; John’s insides twisted excruciatingly. He wanted to help, he wanted to somehow gain the ability in which would allow him to remove the cause of such turmoil within his husband.
"Your dear alpha here is soiled. Why even bother with him? I could take you as my own, if you gave up on your pathetic attempts at being one of
John sighed and bowed his head, raising his hands to palm his forehead, he said, “I’m not punishing you. I simply… This marriage… You told me what you want and what you don’t. I’m simply accepting it.”
No. Sherlock wouldn’t bother deleting him. John didn’t matter enough for Sherlock to delete, unless it was to make space for other information the consultant deemed more useful and needed.
The blond omega didn’t seem upset in the least, and most probably wasn’t, as Sherlock wasn’t the most civil of people. The man turned his focus to John and grinned toothily.
The owner didn’t seem to hear him, believe him, or care and said, “This man got me off a murder charge.”
John couldn’t understand it. From what he’d read the bond should have completely severed, even if not immediately after the alpha’s death, it should have severed fully soon after. John’s bond hadn’t severed yet and though he couldn’t understand it, he clung to that little piece of Sherlock. He nurtured it, immersed himself in its warmth and sometimes—John knew he must be losing his mind with exhaustion—it felt like a gentle pulse would course through his entire body. Energy that was both bright and powerful—Sherlock—and John would cry while welcoming the surge of energy.
John flinched regardless of his desire not to. He was nearly infertile and Irene was merely stating what he’d already contemplated. Irene
John could see the uncertainty in Sherlock’s eyes and he wanted to explain further, but he was so dizzy, the room was spinning and the pain was so strong, John could see black dots in his waking vision.
His face, already damp with tears, became soaked further as more tears came and Sherlock whimpered pitifully. Gripping to John's arms in a desperate attempt to balance himself, Sherlock wept loudly, whining and blubbering in complete derision.
"I'm sorry." John murmured, all too easily seeing the connection he had with Victor. He kindly raised a hand to palm the omega's shoulder. John wanted, longed for a mate who would have loved him and yet he'd never have that. Instead he was bound to a omega that rejected him. Victor much like himself had secretly wanted a perfect match and had even sought out submissive alphas in pursuit of happiness, failing as John had.
Sherlock swallowed audibly and pressed his knees near John’s ankles. The tip of one of his fingers pressed at his opening. John groaned contentedly when Sherlock inserted one long digit within, easily. John shut his eyes and enjoyed the feel of Sherlock’s finger moving slowly in and out. When another finger joined the first, John inhaled a slow breath, will his body to accept it with just as much ease as he’d accepted the first.
Why couldn’t John give him this one thing at least? Was it so terrible for them to share a room? It wasn’t like Sherlock would ever force himself on John. It was just that, Sherlock felt so... peaceful when embracing John, scenting him, and falling asleep hearing John’s calming breathing.
"God are you beautiful." John stated breathlessly, stroking a rough hand over the smoothness of Sherlock's stomach.
John raised a hand to palm his stinging eyes, shadowing them, and let out a choked sob. His balance wavered as the grief overtook him and John stumbled to a nearby chair and sat heavily.
The trip getting to Dartmoor was long, but enjoyable private time between them. John smiled as they drove down a road and viewed the beautiful landscape.
The pain did come, but it was dull, far less strong than the first penetration. Sherlock pulled back slow, measured and John felt more slickness follow his movement, knowing blood and slick was guiding the alpha’s movement. The slick soothed the soreness and the pleasure gradually strengthened when Sherlock countered and slid back in, just as gently as he pulled out. John lowered his gaze between their closely lodged bodies, and watched Sherlock’s lean pelvis rock back and forth, smooth, cautious.
The two finally naked gravitated to each other, Sherlock lying himself back down into the bed when John leaned over him and their lips met once more. Hands gliding and stroking at flesh and Sherlock pulsed with contentment, John’s rough calloused hands chaffed against his soft pale flesh. Heat always made omegas sensitive to touch and sound only made it all the more painfully pleasurable.
When John and Sherlock left and entered the cab, intending to go back home so Sherlock could focus all his thoughts on solving the mystery of this double homicide, something caught his eye.
John hooted with amusement, pointed his finger at Sherlock before he tapped the tip of his own nose.
“It’s fine.” John found himself consoling despite trying not to. Sherlock should feel hurt. Why did he feel the urge to soothe the jerk?
Mrs. Hudson knocked on the door and asked John to come out to have dinner. John didn’t care to eat, but he wanted to see Mrs. Hudson. He’d only had one visitor when in hospital and that was Mycroft. Mycroft had been remorseful and he should be; John blamed Mycroft for… what happened to his mate.
“How are you feeling dear?” Mrs. Hudson’s kindly asked, rising from a nearby chair and moving to kneel at John’s side.
“John Watson.” John introduced himself, glancing away from Sherlock, and caught sight of Victor eyeing his left hand within his own, realizing Victor was looking for a wedding ring. John thankfully hadn’t slipped back on his ring just yet. They’d just finished their case and as Sherlock and John agreed they would not wear them when working with NSY.
“I am Sherlock’s older brother, and you are never to let Sherlock learn of this discussion we’ve had today. He is to believe you’ve placed yourself in an alpha/omega matchmaking service and were matched through such a system. He would not tolerate my involvement or your deception, if ever it were discovered.”
Sherlock found himself holding John's hand throughout the day doing anything - sitting eating their meals, in a cab, at a crime scene, or in bed. It didn't matter, whenever the two were together and near, Sherlock sought out contact.
John could feel Sherlock’s lips curl into a smile, but he never said anything as they both fell into an almost instantaneous deep sleep.
“You know… don’t you? That I… That I still… need you.” John’s grief felt overwhelming, but he still needed to be sure Sherlock understood he would always want Sherlock.
“At the estate?” John clarified uneasily, not liking the idea of going back there, especially if there was going to be a party.
"Good." Sherlock confirmed their agreement. "Now carry me to my room and remain in bed with me as I sleep. After which, you may stop touching me, but stay and sleep on my bed." Sherlock ordered of the alpha.
"No. He... I didn't mean to lead him on. You were right Sherlock, this wasn't going to end well. You were right."
John looked away when Lestrade's eyes wandered over to him and scanned over his form suspiciously. He wondered if the older alpha had been able to hear their discussion from beforehand, but he highly doubted it. Maybe John looked suspicious because of the flush he could feel warming his face.
Even so, Mycroft found himself giving orders for his men to break into the DI’s home when the officer was away and place hidden cameras in the man’s home. Every evening, within the privacy of his townhouse, Mycroft sat at his desk silently keeping watch of the lonely alpha in his home.
Bowing his head, John shook that particular thought away. That couldn’t be. Sherlock would never bother looking for him. He just barely registered in Sherlock’s life. Not bothering to look at the alpha, John went upstairs to his newly appointed room and readied himself to go out. Might as well go to the local café, it was jazz night, and it would be best to keep his distance from Sherlock.
"Sherlock!" John demanded to know what the bloody hell possessed his husband to walk around their flat naked with only a piece of cloth to cover him.
Sherlock's trembling had gone down, but his hands still clenched tightly to one another to calm the erratic movements that remained.
Since the morning sickness had begun, the craving for food proved to push back his fast paced life, and everything else that was pregnancy related made life harder - there was not much that could appease Sherlock.
"Sherlock, are you in there?" John asked from beyond the bathroom door. Sherlock glanced over to to the distorted glass of the door and could see John's figure.
of you.” Victor stressed ‘both’ with his blue eyes fixed on John, before turning and leaving their table.
Mrs. Hudson cooed and comforted John as his eyes shimmered with remorse and sorrow. She could see it was painful for him and vowed to keep his secret. John knew she would. Telling her was the best thing for him, because he now had someone he could talk to about it all and it was nice.
Regardless, at that time Victor seemed more than comfortable with their location. He'd given off the impression that he enjoyed the food and John's company. They spoke about a great number of things: their schooling, John's work as a army medic, Victor's travels to the Middle East in relation to the places John had been, and so much more.
John whimpered pitifully, his eyes clamped shut tight, his fist working fiercely, jerking the massive girth of his cock, pre-come generously spouting from the angry bulb.
John found himself answering Victor's brilliant smile with one of his own, not as easily, but it was sincere.
It was in the moment that John opened the flat door that he scented something was wrong. There was a ripeness; vanilla, toasted sugar, and cocoa.
John absentmindedly nodded, staring in amazement; the home truly was aesthetically pleasing to look at. The home was of a Grecian style and had marble floors, artifacts from various time eras and countries were placed on the edges of the walls, showcasing their beauty.
“Nervous.” Sherlock smiled kindly, his other hand moving to join his left in threading in John’s hair.
John Watson had hurt Sherlock deeply and still, he attempted to move on. He'd let the alpha in, and in so doing, opened himself to having his heart trampled on. Of course John couldn't perceive just how much Sherlock's heart broke. True the alpha's abandonment had broken his heart long ago, but now... now those pieces of his heart that had remained were effectively broken into smaller pieces, and there after pulverized.
He... He felt a great many things for John. Sherlock had known this since... since a long while ago. If he were truly being honest with himself, he'd realized what it was he felt for John since that hospital visit where he'd thought himself to be having a heart attack. He couldn't say it though. Not even to himself, within his mind. He couldn't own up to feeling that way because... It was scary. Scary that he'd allowed himself to be vulnerable in the one way that he knew would completely and utterly destroy him if he were ever to be hurt by John and so... he could never admit to that feeling.
“Sherlock,” John wheezed, grasping the wrist of Sherlock’s hand when he applied pressure on his wound, using his coat to prevent the bleeding as best he could.
"I hate you." Sherlock grumbled when he felt more like himself, but didn't pull away even when a part of him hurt to be held by the alpha.
John's features turned sour at the realization that Sherlock would feel the pain of first penetration.
Sherlock met John in the kitchen after readying himself for the day. He intended to meet Molly after breakfast. She’d texted him early in the morning to let him know she had two pairs of human lungs for him.
"Don't worry. I'll explain things to him." John hushed the worry of his beta. Mary shouldn't be making herself sick with worry.
When Sherlock finished laying out his long list of observations and deducing the man to the finest of details, John could only agree with him.
John wanted purpose, a job, and Sherlock bowed down graciously. Omegas once married off predominately stayed at home; their single duty was to care for their home, children, and alpha. Sherlock wanted more for John. If John wanted to work, he wouldn’t stand in his way.
John sat himself on the bed and bowed his head low; clasping his hands tightly together he gave a curt nod of acceptance. Biting at his tongue, John choked back the sob threatening to be released.
“Oh for God’s sake! The Speckled Blonde?” Sherlock bit out before storming off and John could only exhale a frustrated breath for what seemed like the umpteenth time.
Sherlock's sobs gave way to furious snarls. The omega took hold of decent sized pieces of broken ceramic on the floor and threw them in John's direction. John could move out the way, but then again, it was better that he didn't, as they were just barely missing him.
As Victor straightened out his jacket and stood up, John contemplated on whether or not he should do what he wished to do. Sherlock was his husband and he loved him. He'd always be faithful to Sherlock, but he also liked Victor. A part of John wanted to comfort Victor of the same insecurities and pains he felt himself.
“Calm down John. Please. You shouldn’t be doing this in your condition.” Sherlock desperately requested, gentle hands wrapping around John’s clenched fists jerking at his collar.
“Sss—such a cru—cruel husband.” John spat through a broken moan, tears smearing messily across his beet-red face when he buried it in the pillow, shoulders trembling, shaking with the voiceless hiccupping sobs.
Sherlock nodded his head in acknowledgement as they stepped off the stairs and paused on their way to the parking lot.
John watched as the first gentleman tucked away the envelope in his coat pocket and seated himself in one of the chairs at the small table. The other man finished setting up the kit, pulled out a chair and wordlessly waited for John to take a seat in it.
Sherlock whimpered piercingly, shivering with the aftershocks of a strong orgasm before he rolled off John and landed heavily beside him. John sat up and wordlessly tucked Sherlock back into his pants and slacks, before reaching over to the nightstand and grabbing a few tissues to wipe his body clean and discarded them in the trash bin beside the bed.
After several more moments passed, Sherlock carefully rolled them over onto their sides, and John pulled away enough to stare up at the alpha. Sherlock mutely gazed up at him, slender fingers stroking John’s cheek, his touch tender and loving; John’s omega felt comforted by his alpha’s affections.
“It’s going to rain.” John bitterly thought. His last day with Sherlock and it was going to bloody rain, how very poetic. John bitterly laughed at his pathetic life.
The tension in Sherlock’s jaw loosened, astonishment stuttering the progression of thought, sending his mind in a daze, because never… not once had anyone ever referred to him as pretty. If he’d been born an alpha or beta, he could have been considered attractive, but he had not. As it were, no one had ever shown an interest in his looks because he was so repulsive looking for an omega and yet… John found him pretty. If John thought him pretty, than one could deduce that John liked how tall he was, that he was slim of frame, and had narrow boney hips.
“John,” Sherlock choked; the sound of sirens blaring at a distance didn’t fill him with hope, because he knew he’d failed.
John opened his arms the moment Sherlock stopped before him and yanked him against his chest, holding on to him for dear life.
. Sherlock would not relent. Not this time and maybe not ever. Not after he'd been duped by the adulterous alpha.
“No!” Sherlock denied, lips thinned in a grimace at his own outburst. “I don’t care enough to be angry.”
"I believe John will agree. He's rather adamant about making you happy. I do believe he experienced the true mate connection at first sight."
“I hate this.” John raged, wiping away the remaining tears and pulled away enough from his sister to stare into her anxious blue eyes.
Mycroft quickly opened the folder, reading rapidly, he flipped through it until his face was nearly as white as the pages.
John spent the majority of his day wandering around the home with no real purpose. Sure in two months time he would be preoccupied with his heat and after that, tending to his first litter, but for the meantime there really wasn’t much to do. This was supposed to be his honeymoon, but John never really wanted one and as the Holmes’ believed going out and about without first being claimed was a risk, John was encouraged to remain at the estate. Sure he could leave, but not for very long, and as John had learned yesterday, his chauffeur, Bill, had been accompanied by a well built alpha, Shaun. John hadn’t been pleased to discover that this alpha followed him as if he were his shadow. When Bill pulled up to the building of Ella’s office, he’d stayed in the car and Shaun followed John all the way inside Ella’s office and he’d stood just outside of the door waiting for him. Apparently, Shaun was his bodyguard, though John soon realized that Shaun was bound to a mate already and wouldn’t be drawn to John’s scent. It was a well known truth that omegas smelled sweet and intoxicating to alphas, which could have caused John a great deal of trouble in the army if not for his suppressants. Although, John was not pleased that Shaun would accompany him everywhere he went outside of the estate, Shaun wasn’t an unpleasant man. Both Bill and Shaun were rather friendly and John felt that under different circumstances, he might have liked to befriend them. But as it were now, they were just another reminder of his constant watch because of the Holmes’.
John’s brows furrowed, trying to understand what Sherlock was telling him, but he just couldn’t follow the alpha’s train of thought.
"Oh Sherlock." John murmured, tipping his head and pressing his nose against the scent gland he'd marked long ago, nuzzling and scenting his mate, reaffirming Sherlock was truly his.
“John, um…” Sherlock began inelegantly, “I think you should know that I consider myself married to my work, and while I understand your interest, I’m not really looking for any other partner, I’m not that type of alpha…”
“John.” Sherlock attempted. Wanting to understand what in the world caused John to lose himself in such a way.
"I know I did a terrible injustice against you. I know that. But you must understand something." John's lips brushed against his hairline.
"I want to taste you, but I can't lay on my stomach and I can't get on my knees. I... If you sit on my chest and balance yourself on the headboard I could do it." Sherlock spoke honestly, because he wanted this.
“Well, maybe he’s just not hungry.” John offered, but then he realized he should have just stayed quiet because Sherlock was angry and wanted to seek out a confrontation with him.
“I’m going to leave now. I’m going to go into my mind palace and search out every memory of my childhood that I kept watch of you, and every expression of the love I have for you. I’m going to tear it to pieces, and then I’m going to burn it, until nothing of this love is left. I’ll remember everything after our wedding, but the love I have for you will be completely erased from my mind. I won’t have to suffer this heartbreak anymore. You’ll just be the omega my parents saddled me with and that will be fine. It will be tolerable. What should it matter to you? The loss of my love won’t mean a thing to you.” Sherlock declared and John watched as voiceless tears fell from the alpha’s flushed cheeks and pelted the table.
He didn't pause to hear John's response as he'd bolted for his room, shutting and locking the door behind him. Pressing his back against the door, Sherlock bit his tongue in an attempt to cuff the needing moan his omega sang out.
Staring down at his alpha, John was left breathless at his beauty. Sherlock's dark curls lay a mess on the pillow, his eyes ever carrying a depth unmatched by any he'd ever seen before. His lips were pale and parted in soft stressed breaths, attempting to stem the aching pain. John, realizing his weight over Sherlock must be more than a little painful, and he lifted his chest away from his alpha's.
“You’re sure?” Sherlock had to ask, and John’s omega thrilled by the consideration that his mate gave.
“And don’t be upset if I snap more often than not. I won’t mean any of it. It will just be the hormones talking.”
Sherlock began dancing again, his hands gliding from his belly to play with his zipper. Slowly, ever so slowly did Sherlock unzip himself and then he gripped the waistband of his slacks and... Biting into his bottom lip, Sherlock drew his slack's down and let them pool at his feet.
Sometimes Sherlock surprised him with his sweetness and it made him see Sherlock as a man, a good man. Other times, John felt an irrational fear consume him and to protect himself he’d remind himself of what Sherlock was deep within, a powerful alpha. But then again, Sherlock had never,
John gave Sherlock a curious look, knowing that couldn't be, but he let it go. That wasn't important right now. Gripping tightly to Sherlock's hips, John yanked him hard on a downward thrust. Sherlock inhaled sharply and gripped to the fine hairs of the alpha's chest, painful yet enthralling.
Those dark blue eyes had shed more tears. The alpha shook his head and his blond hair tossed about. Sherlock thought it looked silky-soft, but he'd never admit that aloud.
Sherlock chuckled, and stepped closer to John. Half a foot away, he tipped his head low so that his nose was mere inches from John’s marked scent gland and inhaled noisily.
"Wouldn't hurt if they had that adorable dimple." Sherlock mumbled and John broke out into surprised laughter.
” John gurgled in the back of his throat, eyes clamped shut, wrists trembling, tugging against the tight ropes restricting his movements.
He didn't remember separating the distance between them, or reaching out to hug him, but he remembered being enveloped in the alpha's pheromones. He remembered shoving his nose at the crook of his alpha's neck and drinking up his scent and the tears he'd smeared on ivory skin.
The guests began encouraging them to feed each other their first bite of wedding cake. Mrs. Holmes standing nearby blubbered and clapped her hands excitedly. John exhaled a heavy breath, deciding that this was his wedding and there was nothing he could do but to play his role.
Sherlock didn’t need any further explanation, within seconds he was racing up the stairs and to their flat. John didn’t even think as he ran after him. Opening the door, Sherlock strode into the living room.
Sherlock stuttered mid-dance as he watched John use both his hands to stroke at himself, further dampening his member in the musk of his pre-ejaculate. Swallowing heavily, Sherlock kept at his seduction.
Sherlock remained silent for long moments in time. John lowered his eyes to stare at his feet, defeated.
God, he wanted to kiss John so much. Needed to taste him, immerse himself in all that was John, but the omega wasn’t ready. Sherlock knew that. Instead he pulled back, cleared his throat and said.
John's pitiful noises of what sounded like pleasure was far from it. They were of embarrassment and pain and Sherlock loved it. He loved every second of his punishment on the alpha, but sadly he couldn't do it for much longer. They were playing roles for the camera and if anything, a master should give their slave enjoyment after a punishment.
is just... icing on this horrendous cake. With this newly formed friendship, you've made me into the discarded omega."
"The son. You think it's the son. It's not." Sherlock kneeled on the ground and began taking notice of the discoloration of the victim's neck - strangulation it would appear.
Sherlock touched the inner part of John’s thigh, his lips widening, opening further and took in just a few more inches of John’s cock.
“I… can’t.” John graveled, scrambling out of the bed, and hurriedly retrieved his clothes from off the ground. When he heard Sherlock’s footsteps padding on the ground behind him, catching up to him, John rushed to the bathroom, barricading himself in and heard Sherlock come to a stop outside of it.
"Sent away to the asylum? Not such a saint are you, Sherlock? Oh, I know, you've been degrading your alpha, haven't you? You're just like me!"
Mycroft called him one night to inform him that dreaded day had arrived, Sherlock had been confined to the estate, several armed secret service agents were assigned to keep a watch of Sherlock. All Sherlock wanted to do was find his omega, to reassure himself that he was fine, but he was denied the chance to leave the estate and visit his omega when he’d been sent back home.
"I'm sorry for that." Sherlock's remorse was clearly present in his eyes. "But you were never in danger of dying, our link was... is frayed, but it can't snap without one of us dying. I knew it would be hard for you, but Mycroft assured me he'd watch over you. I even mended the bond as best I could. Didn't you feel me?"
“Mount me, John. I can’t...” Sherlock would deny it later if John brought it up, but tears fogged his eyes, his face flushing with his growing heat.
Moving himself near, until his body pressed solidly against Sherlock’s, spooning against his leaner, longer frame, John stubbornly wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s narrow waist and tucked his head against the alpha’s neck. His nose pressed up against the alpha’s scent gland where he inhaled noisily. Expecting Sherlock to pull away at any moment, John savored this moment of closeness.
John stared down to the floor, the silence grew too long and John felt a great need to leave, save what was left of his pride.
, Sherlock was positively glowing. His skin shone in the lighting of day and at night, it carried a warmth that melted his heart.
Mycroft tilted his head slightly, deliberating the alpha's words. It was so clear to Mycroft that this alpha truly experienced the true mate's connection with Sherlock and even so... He was prepared to let Sherlock go because of his brother's inability to forgive.
His belly… John knew Sherlock wanted to see it. The pouch confirming John was full of Sherlock’s pups.
When Lestrade and Mycroft were seated in the living area, Mycroft took notice that the sofa he was seated in smelled of Lestrade and John.
“Yes, septuplets. They look healthy. See these things over here?” Dr. Levy pointed to four small forms sticking out from one fetus.
The group’s eyes focused on Donovan as she made her way over to them, holding in her hand a glass jar with two small unidentifiable round objects.
John stood at Sherlock’s side grinning happily at his drowsy husband. Sherlock was so beautiful, even with his crumpled pajamas peeking through his robe, and disheveled hair, the dark bags under his eyes revealing the sleep Sherlock’s body still craved all the more heartening a sight.
A sharp pain snared the momentary relief of Sherlock's claim, and John keened noisily. Virgin omegas were much like virgin women; they had similar reproductive anatomy. Only during an omegas heat could an alpha’s sperm reach the omega’s womb and fertilize their eggs. That was why omegas could only conceive when  in heat. It was the one time in which an omega’s body opened to receiving fertilization. Omegas, like women, possessed a hymen. It was a mucous membrane that completely covered the opening of an omega’s hole. Only during an omega's heat was an alpha's cock able to penetrate so deep within and tear through the hymen, blood and pain would follow.
“You regret the past, but that shouldn’t stop you from making a future with him. John, you are tremendously lucky, not many omegas end up with an alpha who will love them like the way your alpha seems to.”
A petite elderly woman was standing at the front door, kind eyes full of concern, but nevertheless smiling welcomingly. The moment they neared, she’d wordlessly assisted Harry in carrying John. John didn’t care in his current state, but he knew he’d later feel mortified that these two women were forced to carry him in his current state.
Mycroft had a secret meeting at six, but he wanted dinner with Gregory too. He didn't want to postpone. He didn't want to reschedule.
"I knew you did." John hissed humorously and pressed a kiss to Sherlock's temple and cheek, pulling back enough to look into his eyes and hear more.
John thought about it and tried not to laugh. The smile he endeavored to frown away fought its way through. “They’d think, ‘They’re completely daft’—or something like that.”
Anger had come and consumed and Sherlock wanted to punch the alpha. He wanted to pull out his pretty soft blond hair. Tear at his skin with his claws. But that would mean touching him, and right now, Sherlock couldn't tolerate the idea of touching the tainted alpha.
Sherlock didn’t speak for a long while, knowing John was waiting for acceptance or refusal to play along with this ruse, that technically wasn’t all a ruse. There would be some truth to it all. However, it would be indubitably boring for Sherlock, but then again…
Mycroft wasn’t sure how to feel in regards to Gregory’s interest. He truly didn’t. Accepting that sentiment was a weakness was the best way Mycroft could cope with Gigi’s death and had helped him endure the many years without her.
“I thought you’d never ask.” John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, closing his eyes and enjoyed the way Sherlock accepted and held him back with equal need.
John didn’t bother saying anymore, shutting off his phone, John hurriedly stripped out of his night clothes and changed into some day clothing. Clutching to his go bag with the most needed of things, John rushed for the front door of the flat and swung it open. John had to leave, he couldn't risk being found by Sherlock, because God help him, John didn't think he'd be able to run again if he saw Sherlock. Eventually he would stop looking for John. Sherlock wouldn't waste much more time on John, this John was hopeful for because his heart could not stand to hear Sherlock's voice again. It held too much pain.
It seemed that every ten minutes or so would pass before John would place a token of affection on an unsuspecting Sherlock. A brush of an arm against Sherlock’s own, a gentle caress of a hand over Sherlock’s, full blown hand holding, even when out in public,
Victor laughed on a broken sob, "You and Sherlock must have laughed, thought, 'Poor Victor, still alone, a pathetic virgin wishing to find love with the wrong alpha submissive, again!' Oh, how I love you, how stupid I've been, God!"
John’s endurance should have been longer—it had been when he’d pleasured himself—but something about having this new sensation, having Sherlock mouthing and sucking him with vigor, sent him over the edge in a matter of seconds. When he came this time, he wasn’t dissatisfied in the least: he felt appeased. Even though his fever raged, he felt far more aware of himself and his surroundings. The dizziness was still there, but less… nauseating, and John was able to find his words with much more ease, enough to make full comprehending sentences.
Aunt Mona said the only reason she was taking them in was because their grandfather and grandmother had been kind to her. Aunt Mona wasn’t kind to them though. She was strict, unbending, and only had harsh things to say. Harry hated her and stayed out late many nights, choosing to sleep over at her friend's place rather than stay home with their aunt. John buried himself with schoolwork and ignored her as much as he could, but she was far more unkind to John than Harry. Aunt Mona didn’t like that John looked more like his mother. She liked to belittle John about his looks, how even though he was an alpha he didn’t look appropriate. How he’d never attract a mate with his looks. John knew he didn’t look like most alphas and it did bother him, but there really wasn’t much he could do to change it.
Sherlock… He remembered Sherlock’s smell, how intoxicating it was and how he’d knelt before him and then he’d… he’d… pounced and been… Sherlock… Sherlock to him…
A sharp inhale of breath was his answer as Sherlock’s seemingly solid stance faltered. Sherlock’s shoulders turned inward and he broke eye contact to stare back at his mother, condemning.
“I… tried. I told Sherlock he could seek a second, but… but he said he didn’t want one.” John tried to reason with Mrs. Holmes. To let her know that though it pained him, he was trying to accept his purpose in their family and now knowing he was unable to fulfill it, he was acting rightly in supporting his alphas options and right.
“You will, or you’ll be cut off and I don’t think you’ll be able to survive without your trust fund.”
John took a look at the wound and felt the weight of worry lighten when he realized it wasn’t as bad as he’d initially thought. The cut was a flesh wound, a straight-through cut that could only have come from a sharp blade, but luckily it wasn’t deep enough to need stitches. Still, the cut was long, vertical to Sherlock’s wrist. It spanned from the edge of Sherlock’s elbow, curved inward and made a path along his arm and inches from his inner wrist.
“I want to provide the best for our pups, John. Let me.” Sherlock requested and John couldn’t refuse Sherlock, not when he flashed him those needing pale gray eyes.
John liked the way the alpha said his name. He said it like a prayer, a glorious prayer that had at last been answered. When John didn’t pull away, the hand on his neck slid up, cupped his cheek gently and tilted his head to the side and then…then…
John didn't know what to say. If he refused to examine Victor now it might look like it had something to do with Sherlock, and as it were, they were still carrying on their act. Instead, John decided to focus on his job, reminding himself he should just treat Victor like any of his other patients.
A meager imitation of a growl broke as Sherlock quivered against him, and it transitioned to an intense whine of absolution, thrusting weakly, spasms rippling through him as he came.
“Too much, John.” Sherlock was close. Having taken suppressants for so long made this heat all the more intolerable and his body highly sensitive.
The alpha's mouth tensed shut, brows furrowed with frustration, but even if he was upset with Sherlock, he knew that care from him was needed. John rose from his chair and moved to seat himself beside Sherlock.
John demanded Mycroft take back the money, but the government official refused. It was now John’s for joining their family. Not to mention that he had another account under his name, a joint account with Sherlock, his husband's inheritance. John choked on air when seeing the amount of money in their joint account—enough to make his personal account look like chump change.
Sherlock told himself it was just plain curiosity that drove him to want to know more about this omega. As he sat in his bed later that night shifting through the many papers placed before him, he began storing away the information within his mind palace.
“You’re wonderful.” John murmured, eyes opening, half lidded, yet still recognizing the disbelief marring Sherlock’s features, as if the alpha thought it impossible John would think such.
John slammed his eyes shut, unable to see the pity in Ella’s gaze and buried his face in his hands, bowing low as a torn raw cry broke through the silence and John finally gave in.
A large hand snatched out and claimed his. John’s open mouth closed and his eyes darted to the one who took hold of his hand. Staring alarmed and fearfully up at the hardened features of his alpha as he glared down at him, John was unable to refuse his omega instincts and he lowered his gaze and bowed his head slightly. Still John felt rage for his weakness, for his omega that felt an inexplicable need to please the alpha and attempted to wrench his hand from out of the man’s grip.
The two sat there for hours, drinking and talking. Harry did most of the talking while John mutely nodded, demonstrating that he was listening. When the room began to spin, John knew he should stop and he did. He tipped low out of his seat and left Harry to her drinking and looked for the wedding party. There in the center of the room, at the far wall was a long table that sat his parents; his alpha, his alpha’s best man, and what he assumed were his alpha’s parents.
After Sherlock had left him on the cold ground, covered in his release, feeling used and abused, John could have given in. He could have broken down there, given up, and fled, but that wasn't him. Most importantly, that was what Sherlock wanted. Sherlock wanted to hurt him and he had, but he wasn't going to fall. He had to be strong for those he loved, mainly Mary and Sherlock.
Sherlock knew there was no way out of this, but still, he’d keep the silent promise with himself and that was that Moriarty could not live.
Horror, fear, grief wracked through him and John retrieved his gun hidden under his coat. Thankful, so very thankful he’d decided to head back to the estate after Sherlock deserted him at the crime scene and retrieve a suit case worth of clothing and his well cared for gun.
Sherlock ignored his glare in the form of looking around them, taking in the deep lush green of the foliage, the pale blue of the sky, and the purity of so many white clouds.
John would care for their children, stare at the clock, knowing Sherlock should be there with them, but instead he’d be with that beta.
Sherlock had been a complete ass to John and the alpha... John truly was a good and wonderful man that Sherlock didn't deserve, but he was Sherlock's. If anything could be changed, it could be the way Sherlock treated John. Sherlock could slowly earn the right to have someone like John.
Weakly, John rolled over on his side, lifted his body somewhat to pull back the sheets of the bed and slipped under them. Laying himself on his stomach, John pressed his face into a plush pillow and inhaled sharply, immersing himself in the alpha’s scent.
So Sherlock left. He’d left to give John the peace he much desired and to protect himself from the ever constant rejection. Even so, Sherlock missed John. He missed him so much and felt himself desiring the numbing peacefulness he’d once used to endure John’s absence when he’d been in the army. It was a secret he’d kept from John. His parents and Mycroft had tried breaking him of his habits, but after two years of John’s second tour, Sherlock slipped into the usage of drugs, whatever he could get his hands on he did, heroin being his first drug of choice though, and it’d helped for a time.
“I want separate rooms.” John abruptly demanded and he watched closely as what little color was on the pale man’s face drained away.
. What's he like to live with? Hellish, I would imagine.” Mycroft smirked, being his natural prattish self.
John couldn’t say it, ask Sherlock to get inside of him, but Sherlock understood and carefully removed his fingers from out of John.
"Mm, good." Sherlock answered, his mind fogging with the wonderful sensations. John's rough hands pressing hard over his muscles sent a thrill through him and he was helpless to ignore the effects without the assistance of his suppressants.
Sherlock waited for Mrs. Hudson to enter her flat before he entered his home and shut the door behind him. Pressing his back against the door, Sherlock glanced around him, immediately noticing the discarded towels and cups set on the kitchen table and soiled cushions of his couch. Biting back a painful moan, Sherlock’s breathing quickened and, he struggled to normalize it.
Clearing his throat, John averted his gaze from Sherlock’s, unable to look at him any longer, and stared around them, not comprehending anything he saw.
John wasn't surprised at this notion, it was one that parents taught their omegas and alphas. Most followed those views, but those who broke away from those beliefs were usually alphas. Some alphas who were older than their omegas would sleep around with betas, who didn't care about waiting since they weren't matched like alphas and omegas.
“Sher...” John shuddered violently at the thought of Sherlock leaning in and pressing their lips together.
In the deepest parts of himself he'd been stunned and a little flattered that John wanted him. Someone
After eating John moved to lie on the couch, face flat on the cushion, and watched some Irish soap opera that didn’t quite reach John’s conscious. His thoughts lingered back on the dream he’d had from earlier. It was such a nice dream and John wished for nothing more than to drift back off to sleep and find those arms once more.
“You’ll find a beta, one that makes it hard to breathe… One that makes you whole, and then I’ll have to endure it.” John laughed bitterly.
“John.” Sherlock was stern now and John whined, tipping his head slightly to nuzzle the alpha’s nose, trying to appeal to Sherlock’s kinder side. He couldn’t let Sherlock refuse him, he felt so hot, so dizzy, and he was going to try his damndest to get through their first copulation, knowing that he’d feel far less feverous after.
John found mild comfort in their arms and scents, but it could do nothing to calm or soothe the breaking heart of his omega. They were kin, but they were not his alpha and John just wanted to be with Sherlock.
When Sherlock was positive the alpha was too far gone in his sleep to notice his return, he left his mind palace and slowly turned his head to stare at the slumbering man. The alpha looked peaceful in his sleep and that pissed Sherlock off.
Sherlock felt guilt over the fact that his death might kill John, but when John's proxy alpha Mary mated him, his death would be less painful and maybe John would get two years of happiness with Mary.
When John stood less than a foot away from Sherlock, the alpha curved around him, leaning in close to the grab a hold of the left stirrup.
John swallowed audibly, lying back on the mattress, completely exposed to Sherlock’s viewing pleasure. The city lights casting an orange glow upon his body and revealing the swelling softness of his belly. Sherlock groaned low, contented.
The last time some NSY officers had seen him he'd lost it and started crying and yelling at the dead body at a crime scene, convinced it was his dead grandmother. Mycroft had been called in and the gentlemen and agents had escorted Sherlock out of the building and into a car. After, the omega was institutionalized.
Those beautiful pale lips in a heavy pout as John swirled his thumb, entering up to the knuckle. Sherlock's pout was soon replaced by a noiseless exhale, mouth parting, eyes widening with the sensation. A spark of pleasure building. John removed his thumb and reinterred with his index finger, in and out he went, scanning Sherlock for any sign of pain, and found none. Slowly, John added his middle finger, and scissored them.
John’s body trembled, sweat dampening the sheets and all John could do to silence the distressed and frantic sobs from being clearly voiced and further shaming him was to bite into the pillow and drown out the words tumbling out of him as he humped himself to bliss.
“Please, Sherlock, try and remain in control, no matter what.” She cautioned, giving her bit of wisdom to the young man before she stepped around him and quietly retreated.
"I agree. I'm dead without you." Sherlock choked out with sentiment and that pain - John knew he caused that pain.
Submissive alphas were unheard of. If such a thing existed they didn’t talk about it. An alpha submitting to someone else claiming them (an omega at that) was unheard of. John never thought about claiming Sherlock as his own, being an omega—well, it just made sense to have Sherlock claim him. Instinct told him to submit, but John—having lived so long being bullied by his peers and then his family forcing him to abide by their wishes; he’d lost control over every aspect of his life. Not this though. Sherlock wasn’t controlling their marriage. It was all John. John could take what he wanted and give as much or as little as he felt, and that power… The dominant role he was allowed to take, well… John never felt as turned on as he did now.
John shut his eyes tightly, inhaled a deep breath and bit his tongue to hold within a pained sob of grief. Sherlock couldn’t stay faithful to John, not forever. Sherlock would break, the love he had for that beta would call to him and Sherlock would find that beta and take him as his lover. The day would come that Sherlock would return back to their flat, or John would enter and he’d scent it on Sherlock, the scent of that beta and he’d know then he wasn’t enough.
Sherlock lowered his head at the not so emotional response of John, when something was set a light and he jerked his head back up again.
He wished he could do everything to please Sherlock, but it seemed that he couldn't even give Sherlock the status of his husband, first and only mate, because of his choices of the past. He could legally divorce Mary, yes, but not now. She was pregnant and she needed their bond to carry their child safely. It wasn't that he would never divorce her. He'd need to help Mary through her pregnancy and after she'd had some time to adjust, they would divorce. It wouldn't be a surprise for the beta. They'd talked about it before and she knew John wouldn't break their bond until after she gave birth. It was the best he could offer her.
John was sprinting down the hall, past patients and nurses, frantically reading the numbers of the rooms. When his sights landed on 512, John barreled into the room and felt his heart give to clenching painfully.
Wiping his mouth, Sherlock cleared his throat, and shut his eyes once more. Sherlock had never been fond of touch. He endured it when his parents (predominately his mother) touched him, and Mycroft (on
As they continued their snow ball fight they’d gravitated closer, until a mere foot of snow separated them. When Sherlock attempted to reach for snow, John smashed the one in his hand over Sherlock’s head. It was a rush of unwanted coolness, but Sherlock’s smile never diminished. He forgot about retrieving snow to stare into John’s deep blue eyes, and straightened out in front of him.
“Wait one moment.” Sherlock requested, before Mycroft could stop him, he was rushing over to the players bench, there… Just as Sherlock suspected, there lay the same bright red towel John used to dry himself.
“It gets better for betas… It gets better for alphas… It does not get better for omegas.” John answered listlessly.
"...It scares the hell out of me. You could destroy me, but I can't stop loving you... I'm sorry I couldn't say that before everything happened."
“Look at me. I’m afraid, John. Afraid.” Sherlock took a drink of the glass he’s swiped from a table and then held it up to stare at the glass, his hand shaking.
John wanted to be selfish. He wanted to ask Sherlock to choose him and not marry that omega. To stay with him and continue being exclusively his, but he knew he couldn’t. There had been so many stories in tabloids of celebrity alphas having a scandal in relation with a jilted beta lover. A beta who became a home wrecker, demanding the alpha choose them and so often were those betas rejected by their alpha. Omegas were the intended bond mate to alphas. Betas were the scraps. Betas mated with betas.
“How about now?” John pleaded, a mischievous hand lowering to palm the developing hardness between Sherlock’s legs.
Sherlock stared down at the agreement in his hand, took the pen the doctor offered and signed his name in deep jerking motions. The doctor took the papers, handed it to a nurse and rushed for the OR.
When John was curled up on the sofa watching telly, Sherlock would seat himself beside him. Except when John was lying on the sofa, Sherlock would then raise John’s feet, sit down and rest the omega’s legs on his lap. Most times Sherlock’s hands would remain resting on John’s legs, sometimes lightly massaging. John would grin up at Sherlock before looking back at the television and the two would watch whatever was on, talking during the commercials and what Sherlock classified as a boring or inconsequential scene. Later, John would raise himself up and begin making dinner or Sherlock would order take out. They’d eat at the kitchen table or on the sofa watching a film.
“What then? You think because I said I would try, you can play around with my emotions? See what kind of reaction you can get out of me? I’m a human being! I’m not to be toyed with!” John’s eyes were stinging now, hateful, dreaded sentiments of the past reiterating themselves in his mind, a painful reminder of why he was to be shamed.
“Okay.” John mumbled, pressing his lips against the exposed scent gland before him and inhaled deeply of his bond mate.
Sherlock dipped his head low and pressed his forehead against the frame of the door, inhaling deeply from flaring nostrils.
He said he was sorry. John should have accepted his apology. What had he done wrong? He'd done it all for John, but his omega refused to listen to him. Refused to acknowledge the truth--that Sherlock had been selfless in this one act.
“Listen closely, John. I want you. I want us. If I ever have children, it will be from you and you alone. I’ll always want this. That will never change, no matter how old I get.”
John didn’t know if he could go on his own, but with Mrs. Hudson he felt like he could, and weakly nodded his head in agreement.
"H- How did you... get these?" There was fear in John's voice because Victor could destroy his marriage with this information. He had to know how the omega was able to find this information.
Sherlock felt a chill run down his spine at the memory of those words. Moriarty knew. He knew everything Sherlock hid from everyone else.
“Good, not many can mount a horse their first try.” Sherlock admired, but John felt as if it were a condescending observation. Sherlock had assisted him the whole way and he wasn’t sure he’d have been able to do so without his help.
He knew he had two choices. He could stay. He already forgave Sherlock, but John wasn't ready to move back in with Sherlock, or reconcile their marriage... That, John wasn't sure he had it in him to do. After they'd finished explaining themselves to the authorities and Mycroft had come to speak with Sherlock, John made to leave the busy consultant.
"You wouldn't dare." John hissed, knowing the government official could never do such without hurting his own brother in the process.
Sherlock arched forward, seating himself up fully then, bowing low over John, panting hotly over him. John released Sherlock and raised his head up, facing Sherlock’s chest and staring up at Sherlock’s closed eyes. Sherlock was so close to him, bending himself into a tight ball, all Sherlock needed to do was lower his head just slightly and he could kiss John.
John noticed the alpha wasn’t eating all that much. They’d skipped lunch trying to find their way out of the maze and John remembered that Sherlock ate little at breakfast; he knew that the alpha should eat more than he was now. John couldn’t refuse his omega’s nurturing side and wordlessly placed more food on the alpha’s plate.
Sherlock remained silent, but followed after John, wordlessly watching as he shifted about the kitchen preparing two slices of toast, fruit salad, and warming up several slices of ham. John shut his eyes after setting a pot of tea on the kettle, feeling Sherlock’s eyes on his back, hating it and wanting more of it all at the same time.
A voice whispered and Sherlock jerked his head slightly and waved a hand near his temple, as if to shove the voice away.
“You did it so you could be with me! Is that how you found me? Mycroft told you once he learned?” John words shook with his body, because it hurt.
John’s brows tensed in a pensive grimace of longing and sorrow. Growing all the more pained when Sherlock’s eyes suddenly became pools of fear and he moved to stand in front of him. John watched with slight worry as Sherlock lowered himself to kneel in front of him, his hands fisting at his sides and he bowed his head, almost guiltily.
“John.” Sherlock rasped, his voice raw on emotion when cool hands reverently caressed the contours of his face, pausing briefly before they lowered and lanky arms wrapped around his waist, tight and unforgiving in the fierce hug they gave.
"I'm sorry. I just... You were gone for so long and I... I thought you would, and it..." John's words became rounder, more choked, and rough with each word, until he couldn't speak and he shook his head; a tear managed to sneak past his hands and fell down his flushed cheek. Sherlock followed it, saw it glide further, under his chin and drop to John's lap, to be absorbed in the cloth of his slacks.
“Where is he, Mycroft?” Sherlock asked of the gentleman. He’d done all of this for John, and if he never saw him again… His weakened, broken hearted alpha would surely wither away to nothing.
Sherlock couldn't do that to John. He couldn't just leave without... without telling his omega how... He just couldn't. This was his last chance. He wasn't going to be coming back. John Watson deserved to know at least this much. He'd destroyed his omega enough as it was and giving him two years of life was a horrendous act against the man he loved, but he was powerless against the governments will.
John. He still loved him, even with his deceit. He couldn't do this alone. "Get John. I need my husband."
John didn’t know how to respond and stared at his mother, looking for help. She wasn’t any better, blubbering like a fool, wailing excessively. John frowned when she’d showered messy kisses to his face and another hand planted itself on his stomach.
John smiled weakly and boldly raised his other hand to palm Sherlock’s pale face, stroking a sharp cheekbone with his thumb.
"She touched your arm, flirted with you, and you flirted back." Sherlock frothed, rabid, canines flashing in the light of the room.
John froze. Sherlock had asked him something similar their first night together as a wedded couple. He could also remember calling Sherlock an animal and felt regret for just how cruel he’d been. Sherlock hadn’t deserved such hostility. They’d just been married and John had spent their first wedding night maliciously attacking Sherlock with the worst of insults.
John frowned knowing the next word and Victor bit his bottom lip, holding it back. But then the omega hissed with hilarity.
Scenting wasn't strictly reserved for mates. Family and close friends scented each other to affirm their affections, to soothe, and bond. Still, Sherlock wasn't like other omegas. He was controlling and distrustful of John and he knew that they'd have another argument about this, but John wouldn't allow Mary's beta to feel rejected and in turn reject their pup. The baby's health was just as important as John's feelings for Sherlock, which meant there would be confrontation, but John hoped Sherlock would understand. It was platonic scenting, sure it was with his wife, but John loved Sherlock. John wanted to be with Sherlock. He also wanted to help Mary bring up their pup healthily. The next few months were sure to be difficult, but after the baby was born, John hoped divorcing Mary would reassure Sherlock of his devotion.
A wavering moan passed breathlessly from Sherlock, his body quivered, the weight of John's cock felt unbelievably good. John moved with purpose, slow, hard grinding. Sherlock whimpered with the want of it and yet it wasn't enough. Nothing had yet to fill him in the way he wanted.
John gritted his teeth when Sherlock didn’t lose himself to anger like he thought he would, instead Sherlock’s eyes overflowed and tears fell from his ashen white face.
“That’s the title.” John explained softly, his heart speeding up the longer Sherlock pressed over his shoulder. From this close, John could scent his alpha and it warmed his insides and all he wanted to do was turned to his right, and bury his nose against the pale flesh of Sherlock scent gland.
