"Mrs Hudson owns most of it."
Sherlock moaned into the kiss at the first, cool touch of John's fingertip against his hole, and felt John smile. John rubbed at the muscle first, not pushing inside, just warming Sherlock up. Sherlock's cock jerked, and a heavy drop of pre-ejaculate landed above John's navel. Sherlock had to pull away from the kiss to pant into John's ear.
"He's a
I shook my head. "I don't know. The way he looks sometimes, like he's surprised to see me. When we argue, I feel like it's on the tip of his tongue."
"Oh," he says, at the first touch against his hole.
"Slow," I said, and he obeyed, rocking his hips deep but not fast. I could feel every inch of his long cock, and I tugged on my own prick with more fervour. My hand was slick, moving easily up and down my aching length. "Holmes!" I gasped.
"What, all of the ones I have just named?"
We reach the shingle and I crunch my way down to the edge of the water, grateful for the familiar slip and slide of the stones beneath my boots. The sun is starting to break free of the surf, making the cliffs glow. The noise of humanity has been superseded by the crash of the waves, blissfully eternal.
"But you're staying here anyway."
"What rot! Of course I did. I hardly packed."
His throat was closing down. He slid off the warming cupboard and his knees buckled. A rag Hopkins had discarded had been too close to the open flame heating the pot of risotto and had lit. The whole burner was now smoking and the flames leapt at the chance to spread. It was a small fire, the top level of his brain told him, easily managed, but the rest of his mind was already ringing with alarm bells. He tried to step back and collided hard with the cupboard again. He watched in a daze as Gregson went for the fire extinguisher at the back of the kitchen. Sherlock was coming toward him, saying something, but John couldn't hear him over the pounding of his heart.
"I love this man," Watson said. "I want to honor him with a commitment."
"We don't," John agreed. "We're aiming to be open around the first of April—
. We probably ought to talk it through again. God, but I didn't want to.
"Of course I am," Sherlock said.
His hands come up to grapple with mine, and he bares his teeth at me. “You’re mad,” he says, and I get the tie unknotted. “This is too risky— Sherlock!—
I kept thinking about him shaving. As we went about our days, the memory of it kept floating to the top of my mind unbidden. I'd seen him shave hundreds of times before; I couldn't imagine why I was fixated upon it now. There was nothing special about his steady fingers wielding a blade against tender, paper-thin skin, nothing remarkable about the way his attention was fixed upon his work. That I was allowed to indulge myself in watching him shave in the morning was the purest domesticity. I had never considered myself a marrying man, but I knew this was the closest I would ever get. It was bliss, and I started making excuses to interrupt him during his morning toilet so that I would be allowed to stay and watch.
"I am," I said, and reached for his hand. His ring was warm on his finger. I wanted to tell him how grateful I was that he'd agreed to have me, even though I'd done no courting at all. I wanted to express my affection for him and his generous, self-deprecating soul, but I'd never been good with words of that variety. It was a marvel I'd given him enough to go on in the first place.
He dragged my head up for another deep kiss, and then pushed my leg off his thigh so that I lay beside him. In this position he could spread his legs fully, and my hand was drawn like a magnet to the soft place between his thighs.
“I could use a drink,” John said.
Holmes looked up as I approached, his face stony. He was still holding his side.
“Are you all right?” he asked, stopping suddenly. I’d made a noise.
"So did I."
"Okay," John said, pointing at an empty spot on the table. "Put it there and then get the tortillas on the griddle. I'll handle the rest of the fillings. Work your magic, Harry."
"No, it's– wait, really?"
"God damn it, Watson!" I stood up and put the bowl aside. "I asked you to come home with me last night, not for my sake but for yours."
Holmes released his hand from my hair and grabbed the middle of the back of my nightshirt instead. "Get rid of this," he said.
"How did it happen?" the machine asks with the voice of my husband.
Then I realized he was talking.
Greg considered, weighing the pros and cons in his head, and said, "All right, well, I could probably suggest a few of those, too. Might be Agency, again, as you're trying to get off the ground quick. You can usually get the ones you like to stay on for good. If Sherlock doesn't send them running first."
, when Sherlock got out of a cab. He was followed by a tall, dashing, friendly-looking man in his early forties, his hair already gone mostly grey.
Sherlock whirled around. "I beg your pardon!"
John shrugged. "Even if I am, this is going to work."
"That first course we had with… was it walnut?" Mary asked. "It was very interesting. The textures were so unexpected."
Holmes snapped the paper up into shape again, hiding his face, and said, "Nothing at all."
"Good." I kissed him again on the mouth, unable to help lingering there, revelling in the plushness of his lips, and then shifted down the bed so that I could both suck his nipples and frig him to completion.
John did the washing up while Sherlock cleared the table of extraneous equipment and laid out a series of unfamiliar powders and additives.
Sherlock shrugged.
Holmes threw up his hands and snatched his purple dressing gown off the back of the chair nearby. He wrapped himself in it, closing it deliberately across his breasts, and brushed past me into the sitting room.
“Making connections,” the machine says. “Anticipating human error.”
, he thought at once. Sherlock smelled like the kitchen, the aroma of his pear and pickle experiment still lingering in his curls, overlaying the scent of his shampoo. His knee bumped against John's thigh; it was warm where they touched.
"Only my brother calls me that."
Sherlock stared at him in shock. "
"I don't
Mike nodded sagely, looking at the menu for show. "Tough to start from scratch," he agreed. "Even with your reputation, and the show, and everything? What about your cookbook?"
"He wouldn't have come all this way if he meant to reject me," Sherlock said, recovered. "You're sick of catering, Greg."
"I suppose it is an unusual circumstance," Watson allowed.
married people are unhappy or have done it for the wrong reasons."
I put my hand over it. He sucked in a breath and the muscles in his thighs flexed. I gripped his prick through the fabric and rubbed, earning myself another squirm and whine. He had spread his arms, one along the back of the settee and one dangling over the edge, giving me easy access to his long body. He gripped the cushion beneath him as he rocked into the pressure of my hand.
"We need at least five, so we'll need to get rid of a few more."
“Not every time,” I agreed.
John's stomach did a weird flip. "If— if you like—" His legs were tingling.
"Good night," I replied, and took myself away upstairs.
"Holmes," I hissed, my eyes fixed upon the scroll.
“Insatiable,” he said, crossing the distance between the bench and the bed in barely a step, crawling onto the blankets and pinning me beneath them. He bent to kiss me, and the smell of his soap up close made me hum with pleasure. His lips were soft and warm, and I cupped his smooth face in my hand and rubbed my thumb against the corner of his neat moustache.
Sherlock looked heavenwards, as if for support. "Personality clash," he said.
"It's only been ten days," I protested.
Then he leaned back, and I washed his chest: the hair, which made him sigh; his nipples, which made him hiss; his scar, which silenced him for a moment; then I dragged my flannel lower, under the water, to his abdomen. His cockstand bumped against my forearm. He caught my wrist. The rolled sleeve of my shirt was damp at my elbow. I looked up into his eyes and found them dark and intent.
to care about me having dinner with a former employee, you're a terrible liar."
," I said again.
The chicken
Somewhere in this building was a man who had lamented that very morning about not being able to find a business partner for a mad restaurant idea he'd had. Mike hadn't really elaborated, but since John had nothing better to do, and he was just masochistic enough to consider it as a real possibility, he'd agreed to meet him. Harry could go right to hell; John was just going to
While he waited, John went to the front windows and looked out at Baker Street. It was the same street he saw every day from the restaurant windows, and it wasn't even like this view from the first floor was at all new. He'd spent half a dozen mornings in Sherlock's flat, but he hadn't spent the night previous in Sherlock's bed before.
"I was about to say that," John agreed, though he didn't agree in the slightest. Except that he did. Now. "We, er, we were rather caught up in the moment, I suppose."
They stopped and stared at one another.
I spilled my load into the hood of his prick, coming against his tip, and he moaned loudly. I jerked his prick clumsily; our foreheads bumped together. The pleasure, the wickedness of it, spun my climax out into a long series of spasms.
Mycroft looked up at the ceiling and sighed deeply. "Doctor Watson has one of the most generous souls I have ever known, and he is friends with you, one of the most self-centered and trying men I have ever known."
"I've never tried it," John said.
They crossed the Southwark bridge, huddled into their coats against the air that was even colder above the river, and John found himself knocking into Sherlock a few times, just to make sure he was still there. Sherlock didn't shy away; indeed, he bumped right back, colliding softly with John's upper body as they walked. Once across the bridge, John led them down into the warren of alleys around Southwark until they found the hole in the wall he had in mind.
Almost immediately the police sprang into action, lanterns blazing and voices ringing out in the night. Holmes lifted himself from his crouch as easily as if he had not been stationary for two hours, peering through a gap in the barrels. "Bloody hell," he hissed, "they're too early!" He vanished around the side of the wall of barrels.
"That was Harry," John protested, although he knew better than to talk back to the judge's table. Besides, Harry had done a nice job with the cous-cous; he hadn't thought it was dry at all. What was wrong with him? He shut his mouth. Harry gave him a wounded look.
"I love you," said I. "My husband."
"Goodnight, brother," I replied, shooing him away.
John's hands shifted again, smoothing across Sherlock's back, up his spine to the back of his neck, and down to get a handful of Sherlock's arse. Sherlock had discarded his uniform shirt but was still wearing the loose trousers with only his pants underneath. John groaned in appreciation and deepened the kiss, opening his mouth wider, chasing Sherlock's tongue back into his mouth and performing his own thorough exploration.
I grinned and let him go, straightening my back with a groan. He pushed his chair back as I stepped aside and turned it on one leg so that he faced away from the door. I got to my knees before him, my leg no longer stiff as it had been last night, and skimmed my palms up his thighs. His belly quivered, his prick twitching with eagerness. My mouth watered as I leaned forward.
The thick salt taste of him burst upon my tongue and I heard myself moan. My own prick throbbed beneath my nightshirt, teased by the drag of insubstantial fabric. I curled both hands around his shaft as I took him deep into my mouth, my eyes sliding shut. His hands landed on my shoulders, one tangling in the collar of the dressing gown, the other sliding up the back of my neck into my hair.
"Dr Watson, Mr Holmes, you honor me with your request," Jennings said, "but I'm afraid it is quite… unprecedented."
"Being married to you today," said I, "feels exactly the same as
Lestrade gathered us into a dual hug, putting his face between ours and squeezing one shoulder each. "You're welcome," he said. "From all of us. Congratulations."
Sherlock gritted his teeth. "Yes, and they haven't got a clue what they're doing with interesting food, so don't take it personally if they mix up the dishes."
"During periods of inactivity, I reduce my consciousness to recharge," he says. "Most people would call that sleeping."
I knew what I was getting into, that was certain.
"Sherlock's not here," Mary said, and she was standing next to him, holding his hand.
"I think it would be nice with the venison thing you mentioned."
Jennings cleared his throat. "I'm afraid I cannot marry you without a license."
“Come have a bath with me.”
He didn't really need to go back to Baker Street; Sherlock was probably sulking and would be annoyed if he turned up again unannounced. Which was why John went. He unlocked the B door— and why had he not thought Sherlock giving him a key to the flat, "just in case," was suspicious?— and went upstairs, not bothering to creep. Sherlock would have heard the street door open.
"As you are compressing your chest to the point that your ribcage cannot comfortably expand, you risk injuring your lungs. Pneumonia is very common amongst patients with fractured ribs, as they avoid breathing deeply because of the pain." I looked up into his face. "I suspect smoking doesn't do you any favours. It certainly doesn't make it easier to breathe."
"Yes!" he shouted. "At least then I could have–"
Sherlock glared at the brightly lit window, skeptical to the end. "John, isn't this a terribly American fad?"
Sherlock bared his teeth. "He's going to sabotage it," he said. "He's not here for a story about a new restaurant, he's here for a malicious piece about
My "shh!" is indistinct, but the message is conveyed. The next noise I hear Holmes make is muffled, probably by a mouthful of quilt.
"How'd—?"
John came back to Baker Street the next afternoon and co-signed the lease, skillfully ignoring Mrs Hudson’s hints about the second bedroom in the flat above. Sherlock knew John had plenty of reasons to be hesitant about living over the restaurant, the least of which was that he barely knew the other current occupant. Not that that had stopped people finding flatmates before. Sherlock didn’t exactly think it was
His mouth twitched, almost a smile, and he said, "Good." His hands went to his drawers, and I stepped back to let him dispense with them. I bit my lip as they fell: he was magnificent. His right thigh was also marred by a bullet wound, but this one was smaller. I wondered if the bullet had gone in and stayed there. Aside from that, his legs were long and strong and pale; his delicate toes curled in the carpet. He was thinner than his frame could support, but he wasn't gaunt. At the apex of his beautiful thighs, his soft prick hung heavy and ruddy, its head covered by its generous hood. I itched to have it in my hands, to feel the girth and heft of it. My mouth watered. As I stared, unashamed, it twitched. Watson cupped it roughly in his hand and gave it a squeeze. My pulse pounded between my legs, making me lightheaded. I swallowed hard.
He would just have to find out, he decided, staring at the ceiling. 221 Baker Street might be an amazing space with the potential of John's lifetime, or it could be a ridiculous idea that he could turn away from without regretting it. Besides, it was better than lurking in Soho like the worst kind of creep, or spending another afternoon at the V&A to pass the time. The staff were starting to recognise him there, and not because he'd been on the telly.
Holmes moaned again, the sound more awake and more unhappy this time. He shifted, drawing away, and rolled onto his back. Cold air rushed to fill the vacuum of the space he left behind. I turned as well, wincing as the movement caused my brain to slosh around inside my skull.
John turned around. Sherlock was stationary in the middle of a whirlwind, the remaining chefs moving smoothly in a choreographed dance around him from station to station. His face was alight with possibility, pink from the heat of the kitchen and softened by the joy of creation and success. His eyes were bright and sparkling, the pressure of managing the people and food around him enhancing his enjoyment and his control. His white cloth cap, which John had initially thought would look silly on him, was perched at an improbably jaunty angle on his hair, and though his demand for John's attention was firm, he had the hint of a smile pulling at the corners of his eyes at mouth. He wasn't discouraged by Paul's sudden removal from the kitchen: he saw it as a challenge and welcomed it. And John was his answer.
Jim smiled, nearly apologetic. "Chef Watson, that's right, of course, I'm so sorry. Do you mind if we begin right away? Chef Watson, how long have you and
"Come here," he panted, reaching for my prick. The first touch of his hand had me groaning; his fingers were slippery with his own wetness. He shifted us so that our positions were changed, me on my back and he reaching over me to jerk my prick furiously. I clung to him, gasping into his neck; my cock felt huge in his slender hand. His breasts pressed against my side, and he draped his long thigh over mine to hold me tighter.
When she was gone, I levered myself out of bed. The ring weighed heavy on my left hand. I managed to make it to the table without falling to the floor, poured and gulped down a glass of water, and then picked up the roll of paper. I untied the ribbon and coaxed the paper open between my hands.
"Trousers too, I think."
He snorted, which was better than no response at all. That said he was willing; even if he ignored me in stony silence for now, in sixty minutes he would be climbing in beside me.
"You could never disappoint me," I vowed, but I moved slowly nonetheless. I stroked him up and down with reverence, feeling the velvety slide of his skin over the iron core of his cock, relishing the wet pulse of fluid that leaked over my fingers.
“A compudroid.”
He smiled. "I would have waited twenty more years," he said softly.
When we arrived at Lehman Street, something in Holmes's demeanour had changed. He was on the scent once more. He strode into the receiving room of the police station, head high and eyes flashing, and we were taken at once into the interrogation room. This, I regret to say, was little more than a cell with an old wooden chair in the middle and a drain in the corner. Inspector Richardson was summoned from his lodgings nearby, and consented to Holmes leading the interrogation. Inspector Richardson was one of the ones that Holmes particularly liked because he didn't waste time challenging Holmes's methods.
Keeping my grip loose and gentle, I stroked him slowly in the confines of his trousers for a few minutes. Then I twisted my hand, passing my palm over the tender, slippery head of his prick, and gripped him tighter. He dropped his head, breathing out sharply.
"I may have married you under confused circumstances," I said, "but I assure you I am no longer confused."
“Patterson.”
what they'd arrest a London detective for," I reply.
, but not after. No, maybe it was fine. He could hear Sherlock moving around downstairs.
I pulled back and worked him with hands alone for a few moments, resting my jaw, while he carded his fingers through my hair and blessed me, told me how beautiful and splendid I was. He was close to his peak, his prick swelling in my hand and his thighs straining wide, and I did not want to disappoint him by missing it. I took a breath and dove down again, filling my senses with his bliss. His fingers tightened into a fist in my hair and one of his heels found my thigh as a place to rest and press. The chair's front legs would have left the ground if I hadn't been leaning on him. He was swearing, almost wordless, and then all at once he went silent, breath caught, hips rising. He filled my mouth, throbbing; I held onto him as he shuddered.
"Yeah," John said to his lap. He lifted his head. "Risotto ruined?"
We got out of the party in less than ten minutes, but we had to walk another ten to find a main road with enough available cabs to get us back to our side of the city. When we finally caught a hansom, I directed the driver towards Mancini's and caught my eye as we got in.
The din of this century is bad enough: the chaos of the flying vehicles and the interminable noise of millions of people, so many millions more than when last I saw it. The pavements are packed with pedestrians and buildings stretch to the sky, all glass and steel. Regent's Park, once our strolling-ground, is a pittance of greenery in this bursting, monstrous metropolis. My own Baker Street flat that once I shared with Doctor Watson is tucked away on what is now a side street, a mausoleum to our life.
"The Thames, I think, Watson," he said over his shoulder to me. "It's easy to assert you don't know where a man is when you give his body to the tide."
"Of course I can do that," Sherlock scoffed, but he lowered his hands and almost smiled.
"John's a talented chef and a shrewd businessman," Sherlock said.
"I don't wear a corset every day," I said, tying his laces securely under his arms. "There."
"Sit down and tell me more," Holmes said. "Dr Watson will make himself available in a few minutes."
, right?"
Instead of letting me up, he swung his leg over my hips and sat, trapping my hand, still wrapped half around my cock, against my body, immobile. I wriggled my hand out and pulled my arms free of the blankets so that I could wrap them around his shoulders instead.
before."
"Shift over," it says. "I'll drive."
Holmes didn't do anything so crass as begin to undress me in the cab, but his hands certainly wandered boldly, making their way beneath my coat. He had his legs spread wide on either side of my hips, and it was the closest I'd been to another person in a very long time. My body was being quickly convinced this was a good idea, even as my mind rebelled.
“What are you doing here?” he hissed.
Stepping inside is like coming home, and I have never liked going to church. Watson and I were not God-fearing men—quite the opposite—but it was in his will and so I was obliged. I know exactly where I will find him. He is surrounded by new neighbors who weren't even born yet when….
I raised an eyebrow at him. "You, my dear boy," I said. "I'll have mine after."
John stretched out his foot and jabbed Sherlock in the ribs with his toes. "You shut up," he said. "The food I cook is practical."
"Cook the chips sous vide first in a salt brine at eighty eight degrees," Sherlock said, leaning over so that his forearm rested on John's knee, showing him the notebook. "Then into an ultrasonic bath, which creates micro ruptures in the surface. Double deep fry—low temperature to set the starch, high temperature to crisp it."
I ought to have taken myself off to bed, but the desire was foremost in my consciousness and so I stayed where I was, eyes closed, knees spread, cock hard. I rubbed myself through my trousers until the backs of my thighs were shaking with the tension, hips rocking up into my hand without actually leaving the settee. I was rigid, thinking of Watson’s hands on me, the gust of his breath upon my neck, the tilt of his smile. I had never had his amorous gaze directed at me, but I could picture it: the heat of his eyes, the ruddiness of his softly-bitten lips, the bristle of his moustache. His moustache. I had never before considered facial hair attractive, but his tidy moustache hid a wicked smile and said everything it needed to about his masculinity. I wanted to feel it against my bare skin, wanted to be burned by it the next morning. I scratched my fingernails against the underside of my chin, imagining the press of his mouth on my throat, while at the same time I squeezed the head of my prick through the placket of my trousers. I had to bite back another moan.
"Impossible to work with, too, I hear," John said. He slid his fingers into Sherlock's hair, enjoying the little purring hum Sherlock made.
"Do you think that would… be amusing to you?"
, except that I was not quite so snug. I've been lacing myself about as tight as I can stand, out of habit, but it seems the lines of my suit are a little more forgiving than I credit them." He held up a hand to stop my protest. "I
you doing?"
"Well," Sherlock said, "yes." Nevertheless, John's praise seemed to light him up. "Do you want to make one?"
"And you haven't spoken to Harry this whole time?"
Baking is a science, he assures me, and worth every bit as much of his attention as his chemistry experiments once did. Baking, I remind him, does not carry half as much of a risk of him blowing the windows off of our domicile.
"Chef," Sherlock said from behind John. John jumped. He hadn't heard Sherlock come through the door.
"God, please," and though John didn't remember him saying
"I did not," I admitted, glancing at it. It was closed but I doubted it was locked, if coffee had already been brought up. I did not stop fondling him, all the same, and was gratified to feel his cock twitch in encouragement.
"Say you're close," he begged.
When he subsided, he let out a great sigh and his grip on the sides of my head relaxed. He stroked my hair apologetically. I pulled off with a wet noise and wiped my mouth on his bare thigh. His cock twitched as I eased my finger out of him.
"It's all right, they know your history."
"Sorry," he said, against Sherlock's skin. He lifted his head and tried to look Sherlock in the eye, but had to look away a bare second later. He rubbed at his shoulder over the shirt. "Sorry," he said again, "it's fine."
"Worry that you'd forgotten," he teased.
They had a break for lunch, ordered in from a nearby restaurant, and Sherlock and John left the group to mingle. They went back through the kitchen to the little room by the fridges that served as John's new office.
He was laughing at me as I relaxed again, panting. He pushed my hair out of my face and kissed me gently, and then levered himself off my lap and sat beside me. His cock was hard behind his flies, and a spot of moisture was visible on the fabric.
"Harry," John chided, "keep a lid on it."
"What on earth?" I wondered aloud. I felt bereft. He hadn't really finished his story: the end had fallen apart and I still wondered what the kiss after the ceremony had been like. He had't told me where he'd gotten the rings from, nor why he'd been carrying them,
"I can ask," Greg conceded.
She gave us both another look, and then departed, repeating her promise to send up more towels.
"Would you like it to be? I was shot in the arm in Afghanistan, as well as in the leg. It's a damn nuisance."
"And to think Mr Wilde just wanted to be as unhappy as the rest."
"I thought we were going—"
They tighten at my touch and a sharp breath escapes him. There were so many things I thought I knew about him before we became lovers, and so many new, delightful things I learned when he finally fell into my bed. Things I would have never guessed, could never have imagined. How he spreads his legs and gives in to my whims at a caress here, for instances. His knees bend and he arches, making room for my hand.
"The jus can be for a salad, as a dressing," John suggested. Sherlock tipped him a smile. John returned it and leaned back in the chair. The rungs dug into his back. He bent forward again to untie and slip off his shoes.
"Come on, then," he said, leading Sherlock to his own bedroom.
"Bit of an upgrade, isn't it?" John asked, impressed despite himself.
I blushed and had to kiss his smiling lips. He kissed back at once, clinging to my fingers. He is a very sensual man, easily aroused when he is in the right mood. I could tell he was in such a mood now. He was interested in my seduction, and I intent on seducing. I let go of his hand to wrap my arm around his waist, pulling him against me. He murmured against my lips, and I heard the clink of his glass being set down on the mantle. Then his hands found the back of my neck, pulling me closer still. His tongue flickered between my lips, touching my tongue. He tilted his head, changing the angle of our kisses, and a blaze of heat went through me. I fisted my hand in his dressing gown for stability.
"We're not fucking in this kitchen," John said, when Sherlock let him go to focus on the corner of his jaw instead.
We walked and walked as the evening wore on, and just as I was thinking that the threat of snow might actually manifest in the sky above us, Holmes fished his watch out from beneath his coat and said, "Let's go back."
John hid a smile behind a brush of his hand across his mouth. "Maybe you're right," he said.
"Good, because if I have to tend bar
"So, we said our vows," I prompted. I felt the ring on my finger with my thumb. It still felt right to have it there. "And then what happened?"
"Sooner would probably have been better," said he.
"Ooh," Toni said, "is that your mum and dad out there?!"
"We worked together in Paris," Sherlock explained. "He's working for us now."
"It wasn't a mistake," Holmes said firmly, pointing at me with his cigarette.
"I am trying to help you," I said, pointing a finger at him. "You refuse it for no reason except your own damn stubbornness."
He took the chicken breasts out first and sliced them lengthwise in half. His best knives were gone, but this one was sharp and the cut went smoothly. He put the chicken aside on a plate as his mind wandered. What they’d been able to salvage after the fire hadn’t been much, and now it was all packed up in boxes in a storage unit near his parents' place in Sheffield. He was making do with the bare essentials. His mum kept emailing him about flats that were up for rent in London, but she seemed to think he and Harry were still on speaking terms. Or perhaps she thought if they just moved back in together, they'd reconcile.
"They wouldn't arrest a London detective for indecent behavior," Holmes sighs, tracing patterns on my chest.
"God, John," he said, between kisses, "you're magnificent."
"The lamb," John said. "You did taste that, didn't you?"
"We can call them temps,” John offered, "until they make their own decision to stay."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, about to disagree on instinct, but a moment later he had reconsidered and was nodding. "Right," he said, sitting back down in his armchair and scribbling. "Yes, that's— that's a good idea."
Sherlock nodded, trying to parse the frown on John's face. John wasn't angry, but he was thinking hard. He was quiet for the rest of the time the kitchen staff were there, through their finishing the meals and cleaning up, only speaking up to issue directions and confirm orders, and then to say goodbye as the staff took off. When he and Sherlock were alone again, they went upstairs in silence, Sherlock one step behind John. John closed the bathroom door on him, and Sherlock heard the shower start up.
Watson’s eyes flash, and suddenly I’m in dangerous waters. “No one?”
"Good Lord." It was two thousand when I knew it, if that. "Is the church still standing?"
"This is incredible," John said, coiling a soup noodle up on a little square of crispy bread. "I get why it was a fad, though." He bit down and met Sherlock's scandalised look. "It's very flashy and everything, and obviously you're good at it, but to
"Is that important?" Idris asked.
John pushed his finger deeper, working it in and out. "God, you feel good." He took Sherlock's prick in hand again and stroked him firmly. Sherlock arched, pinned between John's hands, and let the sensations flow through him.
“Of course,” I agreed, cupping him through his trousers. I squeezed and rubbed him gently, relishing the way he hardened in my hand, and his script faltered a little. I gripped him tighter and his prick flexed against my palm.
* * *
, runs a smooth and elegant dining room—'" He stopped and peered closer at the byline. "Wait a minute. Clara McTavish?"
He rolled onto his back at once, flopping down beside me and pushing himself into my grip. His prick was already dripping, and it slid easily through my fist. I jerked him quickly, pinching his nipples with my other hand. He moaned and gasped, the tension in his body ratcheting up, and it didn't take long before he was clutching at my wrist and grinding out a warning.
The room wasn't as empty as he'd thought: there, perched on a stool at a table in the middle of the room, was a dark-haired man in a suit jacket. He was bending over a glass dish with a pipette in his hand, dropping green goo precisely into the center, and he didn't acknowledge their presence until they were standing almost directly beside him.
, John."
Then, because he was out in the dining room already, Sherlock made a reluctant round of all the occupied tables and said hello to the crowd of family and friends that had turned up for their first night open.
The heat of the television set lights beat down on the top of John's head, and he could feel a slow trickle of sweat making its way down the back of his neck. The kitchen was as real as a kitchen ever was, until it reached the edge of the island made of prep tables and ovens and the darkness of the stage took over. Cooking here meant stepping out of his natural habitat of steam and hot pans and chef whites into a strange world of cameras and cords and chaps in bulky headsets. It was disconcerting at first, but after eight weeks on the show he was well used to it. The lights, though—not even years spent in the demonstration kitchens at Le Cordon Bleu or the tight, loud, humid kitchen of Fifth Northumberland in the midst of the dinner rush could prepare him for working under these lights and among these egos.
Greg waved a hand. “It’s just Sherlock. Should have known he’d be here. Didn’t expect to see you, though!”
"Listen," John said, "I was thinking, if you do that thing with the pea butter at the beginning of the meal, are we going to be left with loads and loads of pea byproduct, or are you going to do something with it later?"
The constable looked thrilled to hear that I was capable of mistakes, or perhaps of recognising my own humanity, and nodded with vigour. "Quite so, Mr Holmes," he said. "In these situations, we must all stay humble."
"Well, it was good to see you," Mary said, rising as he did to give him a hug. Her floral perfume lingered in his nose. "Have fun; don't do anything I wouldn't do."
kitchen—moving. The cooks had his back. Sherlock was counting on him.
He pointed down at the ground. "What do you see?"
“The wait staff need a straight shot from the door to the potwash,” he said, pointing along the route they had cleared. “The line chefs need to be able to talk to the waiters when the orders are up.” This with a jab of two fingers at the window that opened onto the dining room. “All of this,” John went on, and now the sweep of his arm took in all of Sherlock’s favorite tools, “is for the mise en place. You will not be rotating or evaporating anything while this place is full of customers, and you know it, so they go along the wall.”
"The very one, I'm afraid."
"We should probably give people a few more days to reply to the listing," John said.
Sherlock opened and closed his mouth a few times, as if he were trying to decide if John was having him on. John solved the dilemma for him by stepping into his space and sliding one hand up around the back of Sherlock's neck. He went up on his toes, steadying himself with his other hand on Sherlock's chest, and pressed their lips together.
I stroked my fingertips up and down his wet inner lips, pushing in slowly and testing his readiness. One finger sank in easily, up to the knuckle, so I worked that in and out while I nibbled and kissed his throat. His collarbones have always been of particular interest to me, so I spent some time appreciating them. With my thumb, made slippery by his excitement, I teased his clitoris until I could feel the stiffened nub of it easily.
"Of course they did," Sherlock called. "It's impeccable. Don't let it go to your head."
"Can you feel your fingers?" John asked.
"I'm hideously out of practice," John said. "I feel like I've run a marathon without doing any training."
"Thank you for the excellent party," he said to Lestrade.
Sherlock turned on the light at the bedside and closed the door, even though he never had any reason to expect company. It seemed like the right thing to do. It gave the encounter a limit: just the two of them, in his room, alone, together. John finished unbuttoning his top shirt and shrugged out of it. For a moment he looked for a viable place to leave it, and then decided on the floor. It crumpled in a pile of plaid, proof of what they were doing. Sherlock stepped close again, sliding his hands up John's bare arms, pushing his prick against John's belly. The warmth of John’s body bled through his T-shirt.
"Have you seen those waffle irons with the four little rings instead of the one big one?"
jealous that you've even had jobs to be fired from. No one reading this will take it seriously."
The waiter arrived with our usual wine before I could reply, and we sat in silence as it was poured. When he was gone, I took up the glass and sipped, savoring it, buying myself some time and composure. Watson watched me with more than his usual attention.
Sherlock stepped inside the doorway and hesitated, looking around the single room of the bedsit. His left eyebrow inched upwards, but otherwise his expression didn't change. John, however, could read him well enough by now.
He regarded me for a moment, and then shrugged and began to unfasten his trousers. "It's tuppence to watch," he said, smirking at me, but the joke fell a little flat.
I thought about the night we'd spent sitting up together, waiting for Helen Stoner to light her lamp. He had cared so deeply for her and her struggle, taken her so seriously, on a topic I imagined anyone else without his experience would have scoffed at. We saved her life by believing her, and his valiant efforts endeared him to me.
Right. Well, John was here, and not back at his horrible excuse for a flat. That had to be reassurance enough. He'd already said he wasn't going to leave Sherlock in the lurch so soon.
"John's not moving in, Mrs Hudson," Sherlock called. "Now kindly leave us alone."
"Sorry, Chef," Dimmock said. "We didn't want to get in the way of—"
things that
stag party."
I spend, toes curling, head thrown back against the pillow. He strokes me through it, just the way I like, drawing out the pleasure until I'm trembling and panting for breath. Then just as it becomes too much, he lets go, and lifts his head to look into my eyes.
Under the steady, quick rise-and-fall of John’s knife, the bruise-purple and blood-red heirloom tomatoes were diminishing in size until they were reduced to a brunoise. He had “naked salsa” in mind for them: tossed with a little lime juice and topped with a sprinkling of coriander, they would pair perfectly with the guacamole, chicken, and other tortilla fillings.
"What have you done, now?" John asked, distracted.
"Oh, you'd have liked me to wake up and ask, 'By Jove, Holmes, what on earth happened last night?'"
"You can't do this to me," she said, spreading her arms and turning in a circle, indicating the empty dining room. "You and me, we're supposed to be a team."
"I'm fine," Sherlock said finally, breaking the silence and letting his arms fall. "John will attest."
Inspector Lestrade was shown up to the sitting room. Holmes got up to shake his hand, made apologies for me still being halfway through my breakfast, and offered the Inspector a cup of coffee.
When I could catch my breath, Holmes was gazing down at me. His hand rested gingerly on my ribs. I lifted my chin to kiss him and then reached for his prick again.
"I did," he insisted, stroking me slowly.
"Because they're imported," Sherlock said. "You said you wanted to stay as local as possible."
"Nothing," I say, "hush."
"Yes, she is," Sherlock said. "She put herself through culinary school, despite her family's disapproval, and her portfolio is impeccable. She lives alone, so no one to complain about long hours except her cat, and she didn't appear to notice that her sweater was the least appropriate thing to wear. That, or she doesn't care, in which case I
each had more than one article dedicated to the man—tried valiantly to make sense of his erratic but nevertheless continuously upward career. Every Michelin-rated restaurant in Britain, it seemed, wanted to have him on their staff, but no one wanted to keep him longer than a few months.
“Not everything,” I protest.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and took another bite.
"Tea?" he offered, in a whisper.
"I'm not!"
Holmes shook himself. "We said our vows, and signed the register, and then Jennings rolled the certificate up and handed it to you with his congratulations." He rubbed his face with his free hand. "We walked back to the inn, and they wanted to know where we'd gone, so we told them everything. Mostly everything. We drank a good deal more in celebration, somehow, without committing self-murder. I think you carried me upstairs."
He crawled down to meet me, pressing me onto my back upon the carpet, and it was much like it had been the night before, but now he used his hands as well as the weight of his body to bring me to glory. It didn't take long; he kissed me and frigged me and whispered adoration against my hungry mouth, until I was shuddering with ecstasy and spilling myself over his fingers.
"Oh," the Reverend said, taken aback. "I'm not sure– Dr Watson, I'm afraid we have a few rules about that sort of thing."
“Damn you,” he murmurs against my mouth, and he grabs my lapels in his fists.
"Will they come in after they're done and say hello?" Toni asked.
“I can’t work with people who can’t follow simple directions.”
"In a moment." He reached my waistcoat, had to stop and unfasten those buttons, and then went back to my shirt. In the meantime, I unfastened his braces from the back of his trousers and plunged my hand down said trousers for a handful of his bare arse. He yelped most satisfactorily. "Watson, I say," he muttered, as I laughed.
"Coffee?"
"Have I given you the impression that I want to leave?"
I sleep, more deeply than I have since I was resurrected.
"I hope you're not storming off," he said into my ear.
I bite him back, reddening his lip, and use my grip on his neck to move him to and fro as I kiss him. “Mine,” I say, as if he needs a reminder. He doesn’t. I do.
sober," Harry hissed, "and it's fucking terrible."
I couldn’t move along, so I bought it. I stood a little way away from the shop, smoking innocently, while I watched my gentleman go inside the shop he’d been lingering at. He didn’t come out again, so I decided he was known here and would have to look into it further. I noted the name and number of the shop and turned for home.
"I'll get you a barback," John said. "Got anyone in mind?"
"It doesn't matter what it was," John said, "it was rude and unnecessary, and you don't get to talk to my sister that way."
Sherlock huffed. "They're the only relevant factors."
Holmes ‘hmm’ed in contemplation, lifting one hand to card through my hair. Beneath the desk, his knees drifted apart. I slipped a hand beneath his dressing gown lapel and dragged my fingers across his left nipple. It tightened at my touch, peaking beneath the fabric of his nightshirt. His back arched very slightly. I pinched the nipple gently, then harder, until his breath left him in a little gust and he said, “Well, I—“
He ignored me. "Should we get married as soon as we get back to London?"
John snorted. “I’m… not sure that’s true,” he said, and went out into the dining room to make some phone calls. Sherlock watched him from the kitchen, eyes fixed on the way his shoulder muscles moved under his shirt as he paced back and forth. He hadn’t demonstrated any weakness on his left side as they’d rearranged the appliances, but now he was holding his phone in his non-dominant right hand. He was more recovered than he knew. The circumstances of the injury had certainly been traumatic, but surely by now he should be more or less fully recovered. For a moment, Sherlock wished he could see the shoulder bare, get a look at the scarring and see if he could tell what kinds of surgeries had been done. Then, as John hung up and turned around to face him with a smile, he realized he’d been staring. He looked away, heat flaring in his face.
It nods once and pushes to its feet. I close my eyes and listen to it stride away across the grass. I’m being dramatic but I couldn’t care less.
"There's so much to this," Sherlock said, dipping his fingers into the chocolate sauce and licking it off with relish. "I haven't even shown you gellification, or making foam, or centrifuging yet." He sighed, looking around the little kitchen in dismay. "I can't do it here, there isn't space. We'll have to go downstairs."
He broke the kiss to move my hand for me, replacing it on his right breast and said, "Carry on, Watson."
"How's your menu looking?" John asked, sliding onto a bar stool and putting his elbows on the bar. She and Sherlock had been working on a list of cocktails and Sherlock had taught her several of the techniques the cooks in the kitchen were currently implementing.
"I see," the vicar said slowly.
The suggestion stopped my brain in its tracks. "What, shave my face?"
He goes still. "What?"
We sat. I wanted to pick up where we had left off, but I couldn't decide if that was the conversation or the kiss. His hands hovered in the air.
"It's only an idea," he said, defensive now, so I reached back once more and gripped him by the calf.
"Thank you," said I. "And Doctor Watson will be staying the night. I am hoping to convince him to let the second bedroom."
John made a note.
John grinned at him, fuzzy around the edges. "Of course it does."
He giggles and tucks his face into my neck. "I'll consider it," he says.
"Relax," I murmured, lifting my head to look at him.  His nipple was bright red, wet from my mouth. His face was a similar colour, and his mouth was half-open as he panted for breath.
"I don't want them to eat
"Reservation?" Lestrade asked.
Word of our nuptials had preceded us to London. Mrs Hudson embraced us both at the door, scolding us for not giving her any warning, and led us upstairs to a flat bursting with congratulatory bouquets and telegrams. There was hardly any room to have supper, so full were the horizontal surfaces. Holmes picked at his meal, blaming his delicate constitution for his lack of appetite. I was certain he'd drunk more with less effect in the past, but I didn't press the matter. He was quiet, and after the meal had been taken away he wandered around the room, looking at the correspondence and smoking his cherrywood pipe. Once in a while he would stop and read one aloud to me.
"Which will take money."
"John is indispensable," Sherlock said, "to every part of the process. Excuse me."
"Not in
"Fuck," John muttered, obeying. His middle finger dipped inside Sherlock's body, too shallow, too slim.
"What?" I demanded. "Lied to cover your mistake?"
"I know," John said, taking his coffee into the sitting room. "No, you don't, unless you're making some anyway, in which case make two."
"I'm not!"
"You ought to benefit from it."
Sherlock made a noise of disgust. "But what happened to the prize money from the show? Surely that didn't burn as
smoke."
I embraced him, holding him as closely as the laws of nature would allow. I pressed my cheek to his hair. He murmured something into the skin of my shoulder.
After breakfast, I asked for a bath to be drawn, and the maid and the boy carried the copper tub into the sitting room and put it in front of the fire. It was half an hour of activity to get the bath filled, but once they had made their final retreat I locked the sitting room door again. Watson, who had amused himself by perusing the bookcase, put down the novel that had distracted him and said, "Is that for you or for me?"
We were saved from ourselves the next day by a ring at the bell a little after eight, and the appearance of a constable from Scotland Yard. The extreme sensitivity of my shorn state had abated somewhat, but I could still feel the sensual brush of my clothes against my skin. I ignored it, priding myself upon my self control.
"Hang on a minute," John said, holding up both hands and noticing that the left one was indeed very steady. "If you do in fact know who I am, you must be aware of the situation surrounding my desire to
Against his better judgment, Watson took me back. He agreed to move back to Baker Street, and went so far as to sell his practice.
Instead he squeezed my fingers and then embraced me, his wiry arms wrapped around my shoulders. He said, "Thank you," into my ear, and let go. I blinked at him, confused.
It was unexpected, to say the least, in light of the reaction he'd had the last time they'd had sex. John preferred this one considerably. He tipped his head against Sherlock's in acknowledgement, and Sherlock let him go to fetch milk.
Holmes, a classically-trained chef who graduated in 2004 from Ferrandi in Paris, was dismissed from the prominent new Mayfair restaurant Hedonia last autumn after a reportedly loud disagreement with Head Chef Sergio Vitoni over a risotto. His employment record includes several more quick changes over the past few years, mostly as a result of his uncontrollable temper. He does not shy away from this rocky history, and indeed seems to embrace it as the ladder to his current position. If no one will work with him, then what other choice does he have than to strike out on his own?
Probably best to admit he coveted the throat that scarf was usually wrapped around, too. The whole package, really. Sherlock might have a slew of mad ideas, and be generally disliked by everyone in his profession, but to John he seemed nothing but brilliant and misunderstood and desperate to be heard. He did that thing with the personal information to get the upper hand, but John noticed he only did it aloud when he was surprised or distressed, caught off guard. It was a way to re-establish dominance over an interaction, to deflect criticism away from himself. It had the unfortunate effect of drawing a different
I hesitate. I don't want company, exactly, but I'm not sure I could stand to be alone.
"Ultrasonic chips with a beef mousse."
"Thank you," I said dryly.
"Molecular gastronomy
, I'm sure your– no, I mean, the time that… that bit where Mr Holmes was… away."
"But she didn't take the job."
"No, it's… fine. Just not too hard."
I kissed him. "What more?"
I felt myself blushing and finished the sandwich to cover it up. "I suppose we weren't as secretive as we wanted to be."
Mary was looking at Harry, her brow pinched with concern. To John, she said, "You need to come back into the restaurant soon."
I couldn't do anything about that now.
When John arrived at the restaurant that morning, a little bedraggled from his Tube journey, Sherlock took the list out of his hands, nixed a few right away, and said, "You really should just stay here."
“No, it’s all right,” he said, palming himself and giving his prick a squeeze. “I’ll survive. I’m starving, actually. I was waiting for you to wake up.”
"No," I admitted.
"No-o-o," John said, turning around in surprise. Sherlock was grinning at him. "Oh, you prat."
"More or less," Holmes said. "Just a few details to finalize; may I beg that you not trouble us for lunch until we call?"
"Ugh, fine," Sherlock said, but it was a good idea. They readjusted, found the lube and capped it, and Sherlock turned out the nightstand light. The bed smelled like him, but it smelled like John too now; like sex and sweat and company. John's ribs rose and fell under the weight of Sherlock's arm.
By unspoken agreement they changed the subject, and talked about football until the food was delivered, and then about Mike's own restaurant while they ate. Apparently nineteen kinds of chicken was a success with the East End, and things were going well. John tried not to let the jealousy show on his face, but finally Mike said, "You know, you wouldn't have to go it alone."
"Good lord, man," I murmur, pressing my words into the column of his neck-- a lucky guess-- "anyone who heard you would think you didn't care our innkeeper was just on the other side of that wall."
Sherlock closed his notebook. "John, we need to get ready for the interview tomorrow."
I meant to hint at it, to suggest he imagine what it might be like to watch the person you love marry someone else for the benefit of those same legal protections, or to imply that it was terrifying coming back from the dead and not knowing whether someone might want to pick up where you left off, but instead I blurted, "We should get married."
Sherlock shook his head, turning back to the stove. He broke three eggs into the pan, one-handed, and assaulted them with the whisk. "No need."
"Well, brothers will do that," John admitted. There was another silence. "Look," he said, "I don't care if you used to snort coke—"
John woke up in a bed that felt more familiar than it ought. The morning sun slanted across the floor, and he listened to a minute to the traffic on Baker Street. He remembered perfectly what had happened. His body was heavy and languid, satisfied, but his mind was filled with dismay. He shouldn't have done it. But Sherlock needed to be told! But Sherlock hadn't handled it well. Well, he'd handled it well
Lestrade had described an elaborate scene of ritual murder, bloodletting, and satanic staging complete with animal bones, but he had not truly prepared us for what greeted us as we stepped through the doors.
“You look like shite. I’m taking you back to Baker Street to get you cleaned up.”
The city of New London stretches on for miles and miles, glittering and buzzing beneath us. It hurts my eyes, so I close them against the glare. How does anyone sleep in such a place? The light from the city is bright enough to be like the dawn, but there are hours yet until sunrise. Now that we are moving, the car has heated up. The glass on the windows has cleared.
"Genius, even," John said. "It's not going to work, and it's
"If you'd prefer I didn't…"
He put a pot of water on to boil and began to shred the kale into manageable pieces. Sherlock didn't have the same misgivings about living over a restaurant that John did. That was understandable. John wasn't going to join him in
I nodded. "All right," I said. "Be careful, and send me a note or something if you're going to miss supper."
"Give it here," John said, sweeping the tomato brunoise into a glass bowl and setting it aside. "How's the chicken looking?" He took the blender from her.
Bradstreet collected the wooden platters and the knives, while Gregson hunted for a broom. She brought it back, and John set her to sweeping up the glass and the ruined oysters.
I stared at him for a moment, struck dumb, until I realised he was joking. He shook his head at me, laughing, and began to button up his collar.
“We were second place, Sherlock. There wasn’t any prize money. I had a book deal that fell through, and the excess from the insurance went to Harry," John said. "Her bills were bigger than mine. I've got the NHS on my side."
"You lost him."
“Yes, please.”
John stared at him for a moment, and then reached out and touched Sherlock's knee. Sherlock started and lifted his head to stare at John.
"High time," Lestrade repeated, nodding to himself. "The two of you have been… why it's been ages in the making. How long have you known one another?"
"Holmes," I said.
The outsides of our thighs were pressed together, although I seemed to remember that we usually managed to leave space between us. I didn't move away; neither did he. When we arrived at the restaurant, he opened the apron and got out, leaving a vacuum of cold air in his wake. Then, to my surprise, he offered me his hand as I stepped down. I took it, pressing our palms together, and his mouth twitched in a stifled smile. We were slow to let go. He held the door for me going into the restaurant, and when the host saw us we were whisked away to a table by the window, ahead of the queue.
"Thank you," John said. "But will
“Christ,” Sherlock muttered. “As if we need any fraternization.”
The car floats up beside me, keeping pace with me as I walk, and the machine leans across the seat to peer out the open window at me.
"You're sure about this?" he asked, as if being fully erect in his bed wasn't enough of a clue.
It should have hurt, John realised. The alcohol had dulled his nerves. He gave his shoulder a subtle roll in its socket and then nodded at Sherlock's sideways look of inquiry.
"That's it," he mutters, between kisses, "come on, darling."
He joined John on the pavement five minutes later, laden with files. The cabbie's metre was already running.
Sherlock flushed. "Yes."
"It's not magic," Sherlock protested, "it's science, John; please don't disparage it, this is serious. All it takes is practice and research, but hardly anyone wants to put in the effort."
I was already amongst the tombstones; he scrambled over after me. I meandered, slowly losing sensation in my fingertips, and finally sank down behind an elaborate memorial with an enormous angel on it. Watson came crashing down beside me, and we giggled together.
"As long as you can do it quickly, my man," said he, stepping into his drawers. "There's not a moment to be wasted."
, and
"Fuck right off," John said, nudging him with his elbow, but as Sherlock moved away, smirking, he had to admit that he did feel a little better. He wasn't going to be at his best, not without practice, but he was going to make his best attempt to keep Sherlock's kitchen—
“I know, I know,” he grumbled, easing his grip. I stuck my tongue out and licked the sea-salt fluid from his slit, which made him jerk. He glared at me, his silver eyes narrowed, but his expression relaxed in the face of my winning grin. I opened my mouth again to take him in, sliding his hood away from his sensitive crown. He tasted bitter, too much tobacco and deep thought, but his noises were sweet and desperate.
want her."
My mood wasn’t the only thing elevated. My prick stirred at the reminder of the night before, and I shifted my hips beneath the quilt, relishing the low throb of arousal.
"I apologize," I said. "I won't do it again."
"Oh, yes, I want Hopkins," Sherlock said at once. "He's not perfect, but he has a great deal of potential and I think I could mould him to my satisfaction."
“Oh,” said Holmes, pushing up on one hand.
When I'd returned from abroad, and when he'd acquiesced to stay at Baker Street, we'd agreed my departure in Switzerland had been the right thing to do. I knew he'd agreed just to stop our fighting about it. I regretted leaving him behind; I wasn't sure I'd ever said as much to him. I didn't want to admit he was right or face his anger again. After he was done being relieved to see me, he'd been
"Excuse me?"
Sherlock nodded once. So he agreed it
"Sir, I'm sorry," she says, "but you can't sleep here. Do you need some help finding somewhere to stay?"
"I want to see you cook in person," Sherlock said. "You were right about watching it on the telly— they cut it all up and watch your face more than your hands. What on earth were you thinking, getting a place without a kitchen?"
"Good lord," I began, my arms full of lanky, persistent detective, but he cut me off with another kiss that lit up my very soul. This was what I had wanted; why was I now being slowly filled with dread?
"You need to sleep," John told him, ten days before 221 was due to open. "This is unacceptable." The kitchen was busy with cooks working on a risotto and glass potato crisps; the heat and noise were a comfort, like sinking into a hot bath.
Watson smirked at me and took a step toward the bath. I mirrored him, drawn like a magnet. He put his other hand out, reaching for my shoulder, and steadied himself on me as he stepped into the hot water. I held onto his elbow, feeling dizzy. As he sat, I knelt, reverent. My cock pressed against the flies of my trousers.
Sherlock's scowl deepened.
love with him.
The time allotted for the starter challenge raced by. John and Sherlock walked around, observing, asking questions, trying to assess the skill and character of each of the cooks. Two of the five groups were doing a vegetarian option— Hopkins and MacDonald had found the beetroot, and Morton and Gregory had chosen an aubergine— while one was doing seafood— Patterson and Bradstreet had chosen prawns— and the last two did meat— chicken for Dimmock and Gregson, and lamb for the trio of Barton, Forbes, and Montgomery. It was a good mix, and John approved. He couldn't quite tell what Sherlock was thinking, but he stopped to watch the lamb starter being prepared, and paused twice to sneer at the prawns as they were carefully hand-folded into their thin pastry parcels.
Sherlock's grin widened until he was positively shark-like. "When you handed me the thermometer yesterday, your arm moved stiffly, as if it were sore. I knew who you were, of course; I always keep an eye on the rising stars of the profession, just in case. I knew about the fire, and I noticed the strategic voice-over you provided for the last episode of the show. You're not in the shot because during post-production you were still in hospital; the sound editor didn’t get all of the ambient noise out, and the sound of a heart monitor is very distinctive. Your restaurant was in Soho, and Portland Street and UCL are both within hailing distance for an ambulance."
tell him we were doing two options?"
He jerks me slowly while I writhe, and then lets go, pulling at my drawers instead. I struggle out of them and turn onto my back, where he can lean over me and kiss me. It feels real. It is real enough. I lick into his mouth and clutch at his shoulders. His mouth is wet and warm and eager, but he doesn't taste like Watson; he doesn't really taste like anything. He takes hold of my prick again and begins to stroke me off. My own eagerness slicks his grip. He rubs his thumb around my tender tip, teasing the foreskin back and rubbing my slit. Then he slides down again, forefinger and thumb circled around the root of my cock, to rub and squeeze my bollocks as they pull tight against my body. I'm squirming, heels digging into the bed, panting helplessly into his mouth.
“I suppose you’d like some sort of definitive conclusion,” he said, rocking his hips again. The bulk of his groin rubbed along the line of my cock, and I shuddered.
I began to smile.
"I chafe under the management of
"Who?"
Sherlock stared at him for a moment, perhaps trying to decide if John was being facetious or not, and then said, "Good. Yes." He looked at his watch. "Right, I'll just have Dimmock and Hopkins on shelling, and Bradstreet, if you and Gregson just want to start chopping the carrots and onions. Forbes, I want you on dairy. The recipe is just there on the counter. Off you go. Lunch for eight."
"How are you?" he murmured.
I put my hand away beneath the table, but at the same moment Watson reached over and took my right hand in his. He gazed at me sweetly and said, "It certainly was," in a gentle voice. I couldn't quite tell if he was doing it for my sake or for D'Arcy's.
," Sherlock growled.
Mike gave John's arm a long look, as if he could assess the damage through John's shirt. John rubbed his finger and thumb together restlessly, trying to dispel the numbness without drawing Mike's attention.
We let the wagon depart and then stepped onto the path behind it. Watson’s limp was not very pronounced tonight, which meant that he hadn’t been out for very long. That gladdened me.
"Because you know best?"
worried about how Sherlock would react at the moment, with Sherlock between his knees, mouthing at John's erection through his jeans. He gave Sherlock's curls a stroke, dragging his fingertips against Sherlock's scalp and re-settling his grip. Sherlock's sigh penetrated through the layers of his jeans and pants, heating his skin. He tipped his head back against the door, breathless.
I squeeze his hand against my ribs. “Yes, Watson.”
He could tell which one was 221 from a distance: its front windows were covered with brown paper and the front door had a piece of plywood screwed in where the glass ought to go. The faded green awning was tattered by wind and neglect, and there was litter swept haphazardly into the gutter: old cups, cigarette butts, package sandwich boxes. John wasn't immediately inspired. He spotted the black, unobtrusive door to the flat above and peered up at the windows, frowning. Did anyone actually live up there in B, or was the whole building empty? Maybe it was just this end of the street that was giving him this impression. It wasn't dodgy, not in
"All right?"
"No, Holmes," said he.
"By Jove," he croaked, "I knew there was a reason you had a medical certificate."
"But," Chef Bell went on, "I thought the yoghurt sauce was really inspired; the mint in there is so fresh, and—"
Sherlock broke the kiss again, sucking in a breath, and turned his attention to savaging John's neck. He bit at John's pulse, fumbling with one hand at John's top shirt button, and then yanked the fabric aside to bite down, hard, on John's collarbone.
"It's furnished," Sherlock said casually, starting to put away some of the jars. "Mrs Hudson keeps a few things up there; I don't know."
Sherlock flashed John a smile, small and grateful.
"I can't talk to Sarah Sawyer for five minutes without you throwing a fit," John said, "and while I commend your valiant effort
John had started out skeptical, moved quickly into fascinated, and slid headlong into fond. Sherlock was a genius, and John wanted to protect him. He knew the impulse was inappropriate, especially as Sherlock would
"Wilde was already married," I said, pointing at Watson with the mouth of the bottle, and then taking another drink. "But not to his lover. That was the scandal."
“Yes,” he said, “I’ve eaten.”
"The last few weeks," he says. "To be so close to you and unable to touch you…"
"You're fixated on the disaster."
When I looked up again, Watson and Inspector Lestrade were deep in conversation on the other side of the table. Watson's brow was furrowed, and I couldn't tell if it was in thought or in distress. Better to find out than guess. I excused myself from the young constable and went to join them, insinuating myself into the conversation by taking Watson's arm.
The corner of his mouth twitched "I've never tried it, myself."
“I certainly hope so,” said I. “Shall I take it from here?” I had darbies on my belt, and I unhooked them. I bent to fasten them around Williams’s wrists, and then Watson was able to rise. I glanced at him briefly, unable to stop myself, and was selfishly glad to note that his clothing was mostly intact; only his uniform coat had been partially unfastened and his throat was bared.
"Harry," Mary said, "it sounds like John really had control of this dish; what did you contribute?"
"Damn all that," Holmes rasped. "I should have had him myself."
"This molecular gastronomy business," John said. "That thing with the pesto. That's going to be the main draw of our restaurant, isn't it?"
For a moment I thought about sleeping in his bed, to give him a real surprise if he came home before dawn, but decided against it. That would be too much for him in his delicate state. Instead I went up to my own bed, undressed, and fell asleep listening for his return.
"Sit down," I said, indicating the armchair I’d always thought ought to be his. I was right that it suited him. I knelt on the carpet and began to unfasten his collar. The blood was from a bump on his head, and the tear in his sleeve was, as I'd predicted, full of gravel. I helped him get his uniform coat off; underneath he was wearing a thin linen shirt that had also suffered. It was worn and stained, and I suspected it was one of the only shirts he owned, if not the only one.
"Very."
My reply is to pull back, wet my lips, and take him in a little deeper. I bob my head, working him inch by inch, until my mouth meets the side of my hand. Then I retreat and begin again.
Sherlock scrunched up his nose. "No, we'll start tomorrow," he said, and went back into the kitchen.
“Good morning,” said he, smiling. “There’s coffee.”
The tone could have been heard as angry, especially by the two tables of diners who were nearest the kitchen service window: a classic example of Sherlock Holmes's temper getting the better of him. John, however, had experienced him in enough different moods to recognise the undercurrent of alarm in Sherlock's voice, and dashed through the swinging door.
Through the window in the wall, John could see the reviewer as he came in behind Lestrade: a small, dark-haired man in a dark suit. His photographer in his wake was bigger, almost burly, and fair-haired, carrying a load of equipment.
We passed the aromatic entrance to Half Moon Passage that would have taken us back to the Strand, and then my quarry vacillated on the pavement. I stopped too, hanging back as he peered into a window. If he were a particularly suspicious or wary type, he might catch sight of me in the reflection. I made sure he would not, and picked a thin volume up off a table. I began to look through it, when the shop boy came out and said, “Tuppence for the books upon the table, sir.”
Inspector Lestrade chides us for disappearing. Her determination to find Moriarty consumes her, and she finds any deviation from her plan annoying and disruptive. I do not apologise, nor, I notice, does the droid. It has transferred its allegiance from the Yard, from Greyson and Lestrade, to me; I suppose I should thank John Watson's stories for that if nothing else.
“I register the temperature,” it says. “I am aware that it is cold, but it does not affect my ability to function.”
"Fine." Sherlock rolled his eyes heavenward. "It'll have to do. Lestrade will be here in twenty minutes."
I should have stayed closer to my wife, while she was still alive.
Sherlock didn't look at him, but John saw the corner of his mouth turn up in a smile.
Sherlock stopped for him, pulling away with effort and sliding to his knees. He pushed his face into John's belly, nuzzling hard, his hands like iron bands around John's thighs. John's hand was still in his hair, and John used it to push Sherlock's head down until Sherlock's cheek was against his groin. Sherlock's moan was muffled.
"He was giving you a compliment," John said, "if an underhanded one."
The B apartment on the first floor was indeed occupied, by Sherlock Holmes himself. Sherlock led John up the stairs and took his coat off at the top.
"Utterly mad," I agree. "Is this… pleasurable for you at all?"
"You don't have to apologize."
"What kind of car is that?" he asked, going to the window as soon as the door had closed. He watched as it drove away, deeply suspicious.
Holmes shook his head. "He's not gone for good," he said. "With no storehouse and no crew, he's going to be high and dry, as it were." He jerked his thumb at the group of men on the ground. "Someone is bound to give him up, I've no doubt."
"That's all right," John said, "I've got an idea."
"Don't," John said seriously. "We can't afford to lose anyone at this stage. We're lucky we've got four cooks willing to work with you that you can even stand."
Watson gave the whole area another careful pass with the razor, and then turned his attentions, and the hot towel, to my bollocks. With the application of heat, they loosened and Watson was able to pull the soft skin taut.
"Thirty thousand people."
"How's the arm?" Harry asked, recovering.
"And Lady Duncan," he said, "for her quick thinking."
He would come back to the peppers. John dug through the remainder of the carrier bag, his fingers catching on the air pockets in the plastic, rustling, until he found the package of hazelnuts. The package burst when he tore it, scattering hazelnuts over the worktop and hob. They bounced and rolled in every direction, escaping his reach even as he scrambled for them.
"Something the matter?" I asked.
"Oh, John," he sighed. His hips hitched as I pulled back, and he hissed through his teeth when I sank down again. In a few moments I had found my rhythm, working him in and out of my mouth, my teeth shielded and my throat relaxed. I love the feel of him stretching my lips. He trembles beneath me, his thighs tensing and his hands unsteady as he rides the motion of my head.
Sherlock pointed out the incision scars. "Those are the same age," he said, "but the grafts are both slightly younger. I expect I'll find corresponding scars on your thighs. Didn't get a very close look last time." He smirked at John's blush and ducked down to kiss him again, lips dragging against John's. John's tongue brushed his lower lip and John's hand settled again in the middle of his back. Sherlock's heart couldn't beat fast enough for him. "Incredible," he whispered, against John's mouth, "what the human body can endure."
"1863 Chateau Lafite?"
I moaned against his neck, laying my wet hand gingerly on his hip, my desire almost overwhelming.
Watson cleared his throat, startling me, and turned on the seat. He slapped his hands down on his trouser knees, making to stand, but stopped dead as he took in the sight of me, frigging myself beneath the blankets and staring at him.
Mycroft was waiting for me when I awoke. He was fully dressed and breakfast was on the table. I slunk away to the wash room to dress in my day-old clothes— at least they were from the club, so I looked halfway respectable— and came back still feeling grimy, wrinkled, and unrested.
Sherlock sighed heavily into the phone and glanced over at John, pulling a moue in apology and commiseration. "Mrs Hudson," he said, "it's not going to take a week." He waited again. "No, listen. I don't have—we don't have a week to wait. Restaurant week waits for no chef. We need that by Monday. No, no—" He had to stop again, and John could just barely hear Mrs Hudson speaking. "No," Sherlock said again, "I'll take care of it."
"You don't look very well," I said.
I got us a cab back to Baker Street. Watson was silent the whole way, his hands clasped in his lap, his body turned away from mine. He watched the city go by with glassy eyes. When we pulled up to the flat, I offered him a hand down out of the cab; his grip was strong, but he let go immediately.
," he said. "John didn't like it."
"What was the street? Cobbles? Macadam?" He reached out to clasp my other hand in his, imploring me to think.
I took a hand off his thigh to palm my cockstand through my trousers and nearly came off at the touch. Desperate measures, I thought, opening my flies. My prick sprang out, rigid and ruddy, and I began to stroke myself as I devoured Holmes. I knew I was chafing him with my moustache against his tender skin, but I also know he loves that sensation even in the aftermath. He was whining and squirming. My tongue ached and my lips were numb. I had started off slow, but with every twitch of his hips, every ragged breath that escaped him, I had increased the intensity. I couldn’t help it.
. For some reason, I had expected more from Mycroft.
When on a case, Holmes and I do not practice strict abstention from alcohol, though generally he prefers to keep his mind clear. When the case is solved, however, a celebratory drink is customary. We have our favorite restaurants and places of repose, and sometimes a bottle of Beaune comes home with us after a good night. Holmes has excellent taste in liquor, and our cupboard is graced with bottles of exquisite brandy and scotch. Our consumption of alcohol is, however, modest on the whole, and a proper bender is outside our usual realm of experience. But occasionally things go too far.
Mike put up his hands in a placating gesture. "I know, sorry. Eighteen months isn't any time at all."
“I need your help. There are too many variables right now and I can’t stop thinking on them, but I need to rest before I get any more information.”
That was enough. I rocked back on my heels and managed to get to standing without too much additional effort. Holmes let go of my hair and planted his hand on the worktop. I took aim, cock-head kissing against his loosened hole, and pushed in.
Watson smiled at me and patted my hand in the crook of his elbow. He always was good at taking the blame for things I had done impulsively. It tended to work out.
"How?" John said, barely remembering to keep his voice in check. "By throwing in with someone who isn't you? By refusing to give up on my training? Harry, Fifth Northumberland burned down a
"Have you eaten?" she asked, as they drew apart. She held him at arm's length and looked him up and down. "You look good, John."
"She'll hire her own bartenders," John said, and walked out again.
"Fancy a takeaway?" John asked, and then immediately regretted it. Sherlock had just called his palate unrefined, and here he was offering Sherlock a curry from the hole in the wall down the street.
