John smiled gratefully at him and went back to looking happily out the window.
It was wonderful.
Chuckling, John gives him a gentle smack on the arse. "Go on without me, yeah? I'll get myself ready and meet you downstairs in a bit."
In hindsight, John really should have known it wouldn't be quite that simple.
Sherlock was smiling warmly at him. "I think I like waking you up. You're rather gorgeous in the morning." He was dropping his voice in that way that made shivers run all over John's body and before he'd made a conscious decision, he was reaching for Sherlock and pulling him down, capturing his lips as John's back hit the mattress. Sherlock's hands came to either side of John's head, hovering over him and chuckling quietly. "Well, good morning to you too."
"It was him doing all those things," Sherlock says, wiping the wetness from his jaw with the back of his hand. "He was the one. He told me to meet him in that room, and he called me cute and-"
, I am going to
Closer to what's
The first time was a fluke at best.
His eyes flicker to John's.
He couldn't say if Sherlock was more turned on by the begging or the marking, but Sherlock's fingers tightened under his chin, his hand moving faster over himself, angling his hips just to the left of John's body and grunted softly as he came. Long, white, sticky ropes stuck to John's left pectoral muscle, and a bit landed on his shoulder, dripping down over his heart, singeing a trail of heat in its wake. John's eyes fluttered closed, feeling the warmth surround the area that was now owned by Sherlock Holmes and murmured "
Sherlock immediately froze. "John?" he asked, voice high with anxiety, moving to pull out.
Irene narrows her eyes. "No way. That was deliberate."
Throwing open the metal door with a bang, John practically ran into a tall, slender body, cigarette dangling between his lips, curls shaking as he stumbled backward.
John sighs. "I can't explain it," he murmurs. "I was just... scared."
Sherlock grins despite himself. Funny, his admirer.
He can look but he can't be seen.
"Mycroft happens to be my brother's name," Sherlock whispered sharply. "And seeing as Mycroft is a rather uncommon name, my guess is that we are currently listening to my sibling perform fellatio on your flatmate, and this may be the most scarring, horrifying moment of my lifetime."
"Why not?" Sherlock whispered. "Why couldn't I take care of you? I would never coddle you, John, or make you feel worthless. I would-"
He presses send harder than necessary and tosses his phone onto his desk with a clunk, glaring harshly at it.
"The... what?" John asks dumbly.
And for the first time in months, Sherlock sleeps soundly, knowing in the morning John will be there.
"This conversation."
To drive him just a little mad.
. They were a team. In this together. Taking care of each other. Protecting each other. Two strong people in a partnership in every aspect of life.
A whimper escapes his mouth and he holds fast to John's hair. "John," he all but moans because
"Jesus, way to beat around the bush," John growled. "I can do my own work, thanks."
Sherlock laughed and shook his head.
"Um, I don't-" he tried to stammer, still eyeing the tables, searching for dark curls and translucent eyes.
And just like that, the spell is broken and Sherlock's stomach drops to his toes.
"I'd better go," he said sliding off the stool.
Then John's hand is on his chest, pushing him back.
Which is of course when Sherlock peeks his curly head out from beneath the comforter and offers one serious glare at the three boys in the doorway. "Oh god,
They can pass off chatting in class as necessary.
"Hey," Sherlock greets them both, sighing a bit in relief at the sight of two people he would consider himself friendly with, no longer being cornered by some arsehole and feeling a bit safer, though no less shaken by the encounter.
"What's his name?" John all but growls.
He leaves out the part where John killed someone to save Sherlock's life hours after their first meeting.
"What?!" Mike cries in mock outrage, sprinting to John's side and crossing his arms over his chest. "You're splitting up the
John opened his mouth, then closed it, staring off in the distance. Sherlock refused to look at him, waiting for him to catch up.
"Good morning," a low, familiar rumble came from the threshold and John rolled so quickly toward the sound he almost fell off the bed, realizing too late the covers seemed to be wrapped tightly around him.
Sherlock chews on the inside of his cheek for a minute before replying.
And these were the moments that Sherlock longed to say that forbidden L word. Those three words John had asked him not to say yet as they sat on the steps of his parent's house, requesting he wait just a bit longer until John's emotional state was back in check.
Not his flatmate.
"Sit up straight, Sherlock, where has your posture gone off to? Left it at uni, did you?"
the table, taking down every team they face with Sherlock's precision and Mike's lucky lobbing, the rest of the rugby team gathered around and cheering them on, hollering their names and whooping excitedly when a shot is made.
"I'm Sherlock's
"John I- f-fuck," Sherlock can barely breath. He's holding on to John so tightly, throwing his hips against John's uncoordinatedly, wanting - no -
John is fine.
"That couldn't have been easy," Sherlock offers pathetically, fear creeping up the back of his neck as he realizes how ill-equipped he is for this type of conversation. Comforting without overbearing, sympathizing without pitying, supporting without prying.
Sherlock was quiet for a long moment and then with conviction said "No."
"Yes, it is," Sherlock snaps, eyeing and then refusing to look at the ugly bruise forming in a perfect half circle around the top of John's shoulder. "You need to be careful. Here." He steps forward and dips his thumbs into the front of John's rugby shorts, peeling the waistband back and making quick work of tugging the drawstring, deciding he needs to get John showered and in bed as quickly as possible before the rugby player does something else colossally stupid, like try to throw a ball with the arm that should be immobile and resting.
"What?" John snaps, stomach flipping in panic, certain he already knows the answer but needing to ask the question anyway. "What does that mean?"
"I can't!" Teenaged John Watson cried from the tree of the branch, knees wobbling as he stared down at the water before him.
's And
"Myc says it's been relatively easy, all things considered," Greg continues, clearly missing John's discomfort. "They still live in this giant house their parents owned and I'm pretty sure they both received a pretty big inheritance. They kept the staff on and Mrs. Hudson still lives there with Myc. I dunno, it's all shitty, really."
He doesn't want to chitchat. He wants to get to the case and get to work.
"What something?" John inquires, gut twisting slightly. He has barely said two words to Paul outside of plays and drills at practice and games in the last week, since his friend seems to be hell-bent on hurrying off as quickly as possible afterward, seemingly avoiding John at all costs.
John's cock hardens to the point of pain as he takes in Sherlock's gorgeous body and perfectly debauched afterglow. He looks beautiful and filthy and sated and lovely and before John realizes it, his own hand is on his own cock, stroking himself off.
His father, always the protector, made Sherlock make this promise.
"The scrimmage," the girl beside him supplies, stepping up beside him and smirking upward as Sherlock glares down at her harshly. "We attended your first scrimmage here."
"Shut up," Sherlock grumbles, feigning annoyance, though his words are contradicted by his fingers finding a tight grasp on John's waist.
John could appreciate where he was coming from, but wished Mike would lay off a bit. "Whatever," he mumbled. He understood his best friend's impulse to protect him but it still bothered him. He didn't need to be babysat.
lucky is.
All he does now is nod.
"Good to know you're prepared," Sherlock teased.
"I suggest you stop speaking right this very minute," John spits venomously, turning his furious gaze to the newcomer. "Unless you'd like to end up in hospital."
But he never had to. Because John never attempted to force anything from Sherlock. He simply responded and smiled and waited for the next personal inquiry that was absolutely none of Sherlock's business. He knew it was unfair, but John didn't seem to mind, and Sherlock selfishly allowed it to continue.
All he knows is John's soft, recently licked lips are pressing to his in the gentlest of touches. His fingers on John's shoulder move, sliding up his neck and cupping his face, the cheek warm beneath his touch.
Not the damage to the room, though.
John smiles gratefully at him and continues to pull out his books. "Okay, so I
John snorts and drops down into the seat across from his in the cafeteria.
"Mm," John says. "I kind of figured."
"Oh my god, are you
"What are you even doing here?" Sherlock suddenly demands, snapping his head back to look directly into sparkling blue eyes, ignoring the hot flash sizzling through his body like a lit fuse. God, John Watson is beautiful. But, no. No time for this now. "Aren't you supposed to be in class?"
It was like being on a constant one-shot loop of chances, waiting seven days in between, hoping maybe the next week he'd finally hit something for Sherlock to react to, blurting out a request for a date or yelling he had no interest in John at all. Was that so much to ask?
God, he's tired. It's been maybe two hours of this misery and Sherlock is bloody
He ducks into the stables and stops breathing when he sees her.
He wanted to teach.
"Oh yes," Sherlock continued, ignoring his brother. "CCTV cameras all over London, personnel to run any errand he requests, transportation anywhere at the drop of a hat. Everything."
Tonight is just different.
John glances down at the movement, lips parting gently before he shakes himself. "You're, uh… you're Sherlock, yeah?"
"Not tonight," John whispers, planting kisses along Sherlock's jawline. "Too many people nearby."
Picking up two small plastic balls out of a cup sitting just off to the side of the pyramid that Sherlock quickly counts has ten cups, Mike hands him one. It's very flimsy and light, made just of plastic, thin enough that Sherlock could probably close his fist around it and crush it easily. He holds it delicately and peers into the cups on his end, finding each one half-filled with amber liquid, smelling strongly of beer. Hm. Interesting.
John nods and rubs the back of his neck. "Yeah, I'm sorry about that. It's just my sister and I. My mum...she drinks."
Mike shoved him. "Fuck
But that wasn't the biggest problem.
"I...I..." he tries and fails to articulate that, yes, he's about to… he's going to… he can't stop…
Sherlock sucks in a sharp, watery, rather loud breath, and suddenly he's coming, gushing into John's hand, hips rocking frantically as John barely nudges against a soft spot inside his body.
Sherlock moans loudly. Why were those words so bloody
Mike ran a hand through his hair, blowing out a breath. "Yeah, I heard some stuff over the weekend about him. It's pretty well known around here I guess. Look I know you've developed some weird infatuation with the guy but he's bad new, John. Seriously, that has to be your proof right there."
I want you."
Because he truly doesn't. He doesn't understand John taunting him, taking
John shook his head. That mobile was practically glued to Sherlock's hand. No way he would allow it
Sebastian Wilkes is done.
Exiting out of his spreadsheets and opening a new browsing window, Sherlock types the following into the search engine:
John threw his hands up in the air, exasperated. "Who cares? It's just sex. No big deal."
"Only to tell you I'm not talking to you."
Mycroft fixed him with a stare. "I made you an appointment tomorrow with one of my agents."
Sherlock's lips twitch. "I'll ask Greg if he's amenable for you."
"Will you come with?" Sherlock replies just as softly, tucking his face into the juncture where John's shoulder meets his neck and sighs reverently. "Because if so, then yes."
Sherlock's stomach drops.
Sherlock raises his eyes to meet ocean deep baby blues staring at him. John's brow is furrowed in concern, his hand half outstretched in reassurance. He nods once subtly to confirm his words.
John smiled and followed, appreciating the change in conversation. "Really?"
A calm, single violin simmered from somewhere on the stage, the single note fluttering at length. The curtains slid open with a quiet whoosh and a soft spotlight flicked on, revealing a lean back of a body, wearing a black tank top. The body was settled on knees folded underneath itself, arse settled on heels, arms hanging loosely at its sides. Another note slid from the unseen violin and the head of the body lifted, revealing silken, inky curls tumbling in waves down the back of the head.
would I do without you to continuously remind me of all my shortcomings?"
responsibility and now he's sorrier than he's ever been for letting it happen. He's so damn
Sherlock swallows thickly.
He glanced at his friend, who was smirking harder then normal. "Not a break-in."
"I love you, John," Sherlock murmured against his lips. "Can I-"
"John."
"I don't think that was Lestrade's point," John argues, still soft and reassuring, taking Sherlock's attitude in stride.
Sherlock bites at his bottom lip, warmth pooling in his abdomen as he reads over those three words. This is the best thing about texting John Watson. He's honest and random and sweet. He makes Sherlock feel important. Wanted. Precious in a way he never feels when not in contact with John.
He can't seem to compute that in his giant mind because the touch tightens a bit, curving down and brushing fingertips against his collarbone and Christ Almighty who sucked all the air out of this room because Sherlock cannot
handsome, all blonde hair and blue eyes and brilliant, beautiful smiles.
," John corrects at the last second. "It's entirely okay. Can you just please-"
And every fact Sherlock thought he had suddenly shifts.
"Yes, I can only assume that didn't feel the best," Sherlock murmured. "You need to go back to your room, John. Now."
His brother of all people should know that.
He was incredibly entertaining.
"Why don't you worry about your precious Sherlock and I'll get myself sorted, yeah?"
partners. " John rolls his eyes fondly. "You don't get to steal him tonight."
John had given up trying to find him, resolving he probably had cameras planted all over campus. Or something equally creepy.
Okay. Okay, tutoring, while not ideal, isn't the worst thing in the world-
"Well, it's been a pleasure," Mycroft nods at John, then turns to his brother with a raised eyebrow. "Sherlock," he regards, "I'll be in touch."
"I am not your
Certain he's fallen arse over tits in love with this mad boy.
His father beams at him and winks. "I think John might," he says, nodding to the boy next to Sherlock.
John falters slightly. He wasn't going to tell Sherlock that particular piece but… "Yes," he replies with a slow nod, "but I didn't take it or anything," he adds hastily. "I would never do that to you."
"I love you, John," Sherlock whispers again, reaching up for a kiss. "It's okay if you don't say it back, but I do, I… I love you, and-"
"You said you were, and I quote 'very good' and would 'make it so good' for me. Was that all just bullocks?"
A harsh throat clear from somewhere beside Sherlock cuts Victor off, drowning out the last of his sentence as suddenly Mike surges to life, tripping into the middle of the small crowd and cheering, "I'll take Sherlock! We'll play Paul and Johnny!"
His jealousy is clouding his thoughts and his mind is a mess and yet still, he is positive he's watching Victor Trevor lurk away with a crude smirk on his face, blinking innocently at John before turning into the crowd, ominously disappearing as quickly as he'd come.
"Y-you good?" John breathes hoarsely, clearly struggling to keep himself under control.
"Oh yeah," he murmurs. "Haven't I told you, love? You knocked me off my feet the moment I laid eyes on you."
Sherlock cocked his head, a frown creasing his forehead. "I humiliated you?"
John flushed to the tips of his ears and stared into his lap. "What? No, I…no, I wouldn't-"
"So a crime scene, huh? What happened?" he said, unsure what else to say to a sodding police officer.
All three boys practically bouncing on the balls of their feet in quiet celebration and support falter at once, like John's admission has doused cold water over their good moods and John hates himself for it.
here.
John's shoulders are shaking, his lips curling into a genuine grin. "Seriously? Why do you have these?"
they were… they're not. They aren't together. They spend little time together outside the four walls of their shared dorm room, with the exception of the curly-haired boy showing up unexpectedly to the scrimmage a few weeks ago, cheeks as red as the sweatshirt he'd been wearing, snug jeans fitted around that damned arse, making John's mouth water immediately upon seeing it. It had been so unexpected seeing him there, John was certain he hadn't been able to keep the giddy grin from his face as he'd locked eyes with grey irises that he swore had glittered back at him, certain he hadn't been able to keep his gaze from wandering appreciatively down his roommate's slender form, looking ridiculously posh for someone sporting a red hoodie and jeans, tousled curls fussing in the wind like a fucking
Sherlock nods vigorously. "Yes!" he barks. "You said if I didn't do anything with my pony that you would sell it!"
John now sits silently on the couch, biting down on the inside of his cheek, lips twisting. He unknowingly brings his fingertips to his lips. "Oh," he says softly, the word breaking.
Because somewhere in his gut he wishes the notes were
It's still early, and still quiet and the warm cocoon they've wrapped themselves in under the blankets of John's bed is intoxicating, the perfect location to touch tenderly and kiss unhurriedly and revel in one another, in what they've both been wanting for so very long. John hopes this will be the first of many mornings waking up just like this. Just the two of them, enjoying the early hours of the day, touching each other reverently in ways they've never been allowed to before, caressing and cuddling in silent awe that they finally get to have this, lips finding one another's, hands wandering, breathe mingling, privately enjoying the closeness of being together.
It makes Sherlock want to cry and laugh all at once which results in a half bitten off sob, and he nods, threading his fingers into John's hair. "I'm ready," he breathes. "Please do it, John."
The man's brows knitted together in confusion. "Really? That's your question? You're not shocked that Mike is bisexual or that he was about to hit on you?"
"Help you anymore?" Sherlock finished for him, a bit snappish. "Fine. John, shall we?"
Instead, he heard himself say something he'd sworn he'd convinced himself he didn't need. Turned out he did need it. Badly.
None of his friends look quite as worried as John feels, in fact the three of them seem to exchange a silent conversation amongst themselves, eyeing each other knowingly with tiny smirks and glittering eyes like there is some private joke being passed around that John isn't privy to. "What?" he demands, a bit irritated at the mockery.
John's body was rigid and he couldn't bring himself to relax. He almost hated how accurate this guy was, but what could he say? He was right on all accounts.
He doesn't like it. "Got it," John replies with a tight smile. "Nice to meet you, Irene."
hadn't stuck his giant nose in Sherlock's business then he most
"He's busy right now," Victor replied coolly. "Maybe later, if he's available, you can talk to him then."
"That was the moment I decided I would ask you to marry me," John whispers, tears falling in earnest as he blinks. He attempts a few shaky breaths, seeming rooted to the ground. "I bought the ring the next day and the morning after that I slid it onto your finger."
"No need to thank me," John's arm comes up to wrap around his waist, securing him to his side tightly and hauling him forward steadily. "I just want to be sure you're okay."
"But that's the
Not his
"Mrs. Hudson lives here, Sherlock," his father says. "I wouldn't just throw her out."
"Coming?" John's clear voice rings out in the silent night, and before Sherlock has made a conscious decision, he's hurrying to catch up.
a big deal, John. Please believe me when I say it's a big deal. Don't go out and fuck someone just to say you did, okay? I'm telling you right now, as your best friend, you'll regret it. Seriously. I've told you this already once before. Be careful."
He simply continues those long, heated pulls, licking and sucking and swallowing and Sherlock shoves a fist in his mouth as he screams his orgasm.
He should be ashamed, he knows it, but John's mouth begins to water slightly. That gorgeous creature was... a virgin? Never been with anyone? Never been... never been touched?
John didn't care about the right or wrong, he just wanted to know.
He took John Watson's virginity.
Christ, he loved that boy right back. So bloody much, it almost hurt. He never knew in all his years on this earth that he could feel like this. Like someone could complete him so utterly. Like having John in his world, a part of everything in his life would make him so unbelievably happy. He couldn't stifle the grin that took over his face.
Christ, how Sherlock wants to be kept by John Watson.
"Yeah yeah," Mike rolls his eyes as he tugs his black team jacket on adorned with his last name and number on the back. "You're bringing Sherlock tonight, right?"
," Sherlock whispered against his lips between kisses, hands planted on either side of that round face as he snogged that blond boy and John giggled, accepting Sherlock's attack on his mouth with a grin.
Later that night as John lay alone in his room, he found that he didn't want to feel sorry for himself. He didn't want to think about anything besides that gorgeous face he'd seen earlier. He wanted to imagine that face above his, staring at him like he had at the beginning of their conversation. He wanted to feel those hands on him again. He wanted to know what sounds he could elicit from that mouth, what that body could do to his own.
"Thank you. If you wouldn't mind moving your feet properly, we can get back to your room."
The megawatt smile of John Watson returns in full force, beaming up at Sherlock with all its brilliance and Sherlock's heart is an absolute wreck in his chest. "Me too," he whispers, leaning forward to drop a gentle kiss to Sherlock's lips. "I hated being away from you, you have no idea."
Friends tutor each other, don't they? They help each other out, assist each other in passing classes, right? Sherlock is guessing but he thinks that's true. It fits the pattern so far of Victor's kindness toward him.
And suddenly, John knew exactly who this man was. He slapped a hand against his forehead. "Oh Jesus. You're Mycroft, aren't you?"
John slapped a hand to his chest, sucking in a sharp breath. "Christ, you scared the hell out of me," he muttered.
Victor Trevor?"
But he hadn't. Because nothing had happened. Every day seemed uneventful and he couldn't say it on an uneventful day. He needed it to be right. He needed it to be
Sherlock watches John walk out the door of the school, and everything hurts all over again.
"Alright, Genius, how about I do what I like with the floors in my Mind Palace, hm?" John snaps as Sherlock giggles. "It's not like you'll know anyway."
As though sensing his wakefulness, John's silhouette freezes, arm still in midair.
John nods, then gingerly removes the thick black rims from Sherlock's face. He places them on the shelf next to them. Then turns back to him.
"Fuck off," he spat, moving an inch in front of Sherlock.
His Chemistry partners sit on the opposite side of the table they'd snatched up in the library an hour earlier. "It's a miracle, really," he grumbles, running his thumb along his lower lip absently as he rereads the paragraph he'd just completed, carefully scrutinizing it for any mistakes. "All we need now… is-"
He hasn't spoken to or interacted with John in a full week. It's been unbearable, creeping back into his room at late hours of the night, seeing that blond head tucked under the covers, the blanket rising and falling with each of his sleeping breaths.
And Sherlock is definitely not the only one to notice.
John sighs. "Do you want something for dinner?"
And Sherlock hasn't endured four years of torture to come out empty handed.
But that first day? Oh, that first day had been all magic and wonder and exciting anticipation and lovely, really and truly lovely. A few hours after he'd left his flat, John received his first text message from Sherlock Holmes. And it was a good one.
Sherlock immediately stops struggling, body going obediently pliant as his pupils dilate. "John," he croaks.
"Oh," Sherlock mumbles, unable to look Mike in the eye, though he must admit Mike's insinuations feel much less accusatory than Mycroft's do. Though it's still embarrassing. "Um, y-yeah, I was planning on… I'll be there."
He turned his back and crept around the outside of the crowd on the opposite side of the room from the dark figure he'd been staring at.
"Oh, I wouldn't say that," Sherlock's lips twitched as he squeezed his hand, pulling him back down the street. "I think we've got plenty on."
He can't even finish the thought.
"Technically yes, but I won't officially be-"
"You're going to regret that, Sherlock Holmes."
"Off how?" John all but demands, tempering his voice just enough to not give away the fact that he's metaphorically biting his nails with a deep-seated panic he senses about where this story is going.
The answer of yes surprised Sherlock. Yes he would. If he had the opportunity to care for John like he had for him the day before, he absolutely would. If John needed him for anything, he would be there. No questions asked. Even the hypothetical thought of something happening to John hurt so deeply to even think about and Sherlock shuddered at that unexpected reaction. And suddenly he was making silent promises to himself. Nothing could ever happen to John. He'd make sure of it.
"I can see that," Sherlock smirked.
The adamant denial makes John feel a bit better, and he kicks his shoulders back a notch, not having realized he'd been slouching a bit in defeat, like he'd just lost the battle in the war for a shot with his roommate.
A hint of pink tinted Sherlock's cheeks and he shrugged again. John giggled, appreciating the sight of a somewhat embarrassed Sherlock. The man exuded sex but somewhere in there was also a sweet, gentle boy who could be positively darling. He grasped Sherlock's hand under the table and beamed at him.
This, he
God, it was terrifying.
But just like that, Sherlock's concerns faded away. John could handle it. And John obviously wouldn't be taking no for an answer anyway.
Sherlock threw himself around a corner and pinned his body to the wall, John following close behind, panting quietly and flattening himself against the brick next to him. They stood silently for a few minutes. Sherlock stared down at John until he looked round at him and they both fell into laughter.
Sherlock nods, staring down at their joined hands.
Victor snorts. "What are you, his body guard?"
Which was what brought him to his current place. Staring into the mirror. Wondering when he'd become so bloody stupid.
Sherlock's eyes widen. "What?"
"Was it just all an act, Sherlock?"
What comes out is not what he expects.
Preening over delivering someone a bit of pleasure was a bit immature, but John didn't much care. He was completely mesmerized by the incredible sounds Sherlock was making, the way his body moved toward John like a magnet, the way his mouth dropped open further when John touched him in the perfect way. This couldn't be real. After all these weeks of stress and terror, this right here couldn't possibly be happening.
And just like that, like every other day over the past year, the air was suddenly thick in John's lungs. The chill suddenly faded to a warm lull in his veins, body heating at the tender words.
A happy warmth blooms in Sherlock's abdomen and grows quickly, spreading out to his limbs and filling him from head to toe with tenderness for this boy, this boy he's so incredibly in love with, this boy he wants to wrap himself around and never ever let go.
Slipping another finger in alongside the first, John's lips hover over his, preparing to cover another loud noise, but Sherlock manages to contain it this time, biting harshly at his lip. "I'm sorry," John whispers as he slides two fingers in and out smoothly, "I
"Of course," John agrees, still laughing as he retrieves the item he'd been searching for – his phone. He glances at it and swipes it open with his thumb. "Are you hungry? Some of the rugby boys want to get lunch."
Because it was all fake anyway.
Sherlock barely keeps from growling
It's less of a petty bitterness and more of a pure, straight-forward anger. An anger that Victor Trevor thinks he's worth a moment of Sherlock Holmes' time. An anger that Victor doesn't seem to know how bloody incredible Sherlock is. An anger that Victor saw fit to get the curly-haired genius absolutely wasted for no apparent reason other than for a laugh, opting to feed him shots instead of have a goddamn conversation with him.
"Well I suppose I can forgive you," John grins, snaking a leg between Sherlock's spreading thighs and rolling on top of him, trailing a finger along the genius boy's hairline. "But for future reference, I very much hate waking up without you. I've become quite keen on greeting the mornings with you in my arms."
He isn't sure if that's allowed.
. He rolls over and lays down next to Sherlock, deciding he'd better take the reigns here, seeing as Sherlock is currently sitting up and staring down at his bulging crotch, eyes giant, cheeks burning.
"Christ, do you even know who that was?"
By way of responding, Sherlock doesn't, instead dipping lower and dropping his head back to John's shoulder, lips parting to the sky, eyes closed as John grinds against him carefully dragging their bodies together again and again. It should be strange with their height difference but it works somehow, Sherlock's long body folding down to meet John's, moving with him, heat radiating off of him through his clothes. John wants to touch that hot skin beneath those perfectly fitted threads, put his mouth there and suck, scorch his lips and taste the sweat. It's intoxicating, this beautiful boy curled against him, letting John have his way, following his lead and reveling in it, drowning in the rhythm together, every touch sensual in a way John's never experienced before, every caress carrying a heat bolder than the one before, every point their forms meet at sizzling with desire.
He has a frantic urge to yank at the collar of his shirt, desperate to clear his airway as much as humanly possible.
"John," Sherlock said softly, stepping closer to him.
John is aware that his memory is missing. He's aware that Sherlock is someone he's supposed to know. Supposed to care deeply for. Supposed to love.
Something he can't predict the outcome of before they even step foot out the front door of their building.
Half a day later, Sherlock dragged himself up the stairs of 221B. He gave a rather languid nod to the man in the black suit that stood just in front of his front door, one of Mycroft's men Sherlock had been sure to have posted before he left, having no idea how long he'd be gone for and wanting to ensure that John stayed put while he was away.
The rain does not stop.
He cooled the water down just a bit when it was clear his feelings were taking a sharp turn down memory lane and pressed his palms to the shower wall, dropping his head.
He can't watch John walk away again.
He can feel the covetous grin that spreads across John's lips as the blond boy nips at Sherlock's throat with tender, loving little bites, licking over each minor wound to soothe any sting that doesn't exist considering Sherlock's body is currently on fire. "You'd like that?" John's fingers trail their way down Sherlock's sternum, drawing along the slight dip between his pectorals before dropping lower, one fingertip circling his naval and caressing the fine hairs that sit in a disorderly line and disappear into the waistband of his trousers.
"Oh, no, we're going to the states," his mother replied, turning back around to finish the dishes.
"Won't my absence be noticed?"
This had to be about Sherlock. About what John had done to Sherlock. About poor Sherlock. John would never accept if he thought Sherlock was doing this out of pity. Out of concern. None of those words meant shit to John when directed at him.
Mycroft hovers at the edge of the field, umbrella still overhead, Greg's rugby bag clutched in the other. "Do you need a ride?" he calls, the rain beginning to spatter smartly on his open umbrella.
The door flies open and lands with a bang but neither one of them can be arsed to care, giggling and reaching for the other with clear intent as they burst into their dorm, two raging storms colliding in a swirl of lips and teeth and tongue and hands, panting against each other, fingers battling for purchase, just as desperate and needy as the other, like John and his absurd jealousy never happened, like they'd only just been grinding on the dance floor again, hands all over each other, heat radiating between them.
He notices John staying in his room in longer increments, only coming downstairs for food or a wash or just a change of scenery.
page! Come join in! XO!
So he planned to explain it to Sherlock. He would apologize for his attempts at flirting, and his stupid request to call him as though they'd go on a date. He would let him know he wasn't looking for anything more then friendship and would like to just hang out casually, even if that meant seeing each other only at his office hours, he could deal with that. He'd make it clear that he would back off entirely and try not to make Sherlock uncomfortable with his lame attempts at flirting or teasing and remain completely behind the line of friendship. He'd essentially grovel for his behavior from the weeks before and see if Sherlock would accept.
Very close.
Sherlock swallows hard.
John can just get away with a grin.
"You're welcome," Sherlock breathes into the steam, pressing a kiss to John's warm cheek. He rubs a hand down his lover's back, tracing water rivulets racing along John's skin and tucking him closer careful of his injured shoulder, breathing in his clean partner with a satisfied sigh, the knot in his chest loosening significantly as he's pressed together tightly with his mate. He closes his eyes and drops his cheek to the top of John's head, continuing to soothe John's damaged body with soft touches and a gentle rocking, letting the pain and concern go for now because there is no use for it here.
John smirked. "You bet your arse it is."
"I won't tell anyone," Sherlock cuts him off again, words coming out a bit sharp and desperate, holding John to him, "It'll be our secret. I won't tell
"Who the fuck does this guy think he is?" Link muttered next to him, and John coughed into his hand, stifling his giggle.
Greg's words are cut off by a soft beep and the boy whips his head down to stare at his singing mobile, swiping it open impatiently before grinning like a lunatic and tapping out a response.
They don't move, panting breathlessly against each other, neither of them willing to let go.
The question startles him. "What?"
"Yeah, that's about enough there, Greg," Molly cut him off sharply. She turned to John. "We have an address. Go see him."
"We've been saying your name for like thirty seconds, mate," Paul huffs indignantly. "I realize your phone is very important but I'd argue that Sherlock's well-being is a bit more so, yeah?"
But even now something is settling heavily in his stomach and Sherlock can't seem to control it; he's nervous. It's silly, he knows, obviously John will be kind about him arriving unannounced and never ever make him feel badly, but that's not the same as John actually being happy to see him. It's not the same as knowing he'll be welcomed with a true grin and a kiss and maybe a little loving. It would feel hollow and a little hurtful, John offering an obligatory smile that wouldn't reach his eyes and calmly put up with entertaining Sherlock for the night while he silently wished for silence and an empty room to tend to his wounds in peace.
"Nothing."
Greg raises an eyebrow. "Or are we into boys this summer?"
Mike grinned up at John from his still seated position from the couch and nodded. "Hell yes. Bring it on. I'd like to hear all about that mystery guy that hit on you at the party."
She's gorgeous. Truly, the most stunning thing he's ever laid eyes on, her satin chestnut hair carefully groomed and ratty mane she won't let anyone brush except him, and now Mrs. Hudson since he's been away, laying down her back.
The taxi ride is a miserable affair.
John tugs the condom free, ties it off and puts it in his pocket.
Sherlock clutches at him and the kiss deepens.
With a small, idiotic nod, John avoids Sherlock's eyes as he yanks the door open hastily and exits the tension filled dorm room, wondering what the hell just happened.
"And you all seem to forget I'm in charge of conditioning," Greg threatens to the group of giggling boys. "How does ten laps around the pitch sound?"
"Sorry?"
He's shut down immediately by two pairs of eyes pinning him with an
And the passed nine hours of terror slowly recede into something else entirely, something soft and quiet, something gentle and calm as John finds Sherlock's mouth and slips his tongue between his teeth, holding him tightly, unwilling to let him go, after the inner turmoil he'd been through the entire day he won't be letting Sherlock go, not for anything.
There hasn't been anyone he's ever
Sherlock snorted. "Not even close."
To his irritation, John laughed. "You're really not helping your case," he giggled, and turned back to his breakfast.
It was clean and not deep, no stitches needed, and John continued to clean it gently, taking care not to press too hard. He placed several small bandages over the cleaned wound, as Sherlock continued to breathe deeply and evenly, sound asleep. He sighed contently under John's touch and John couldn't help but smile.
Sherlock is all too eager to comply.
"Thank you," Sherlock nods his gratitude and ducks his head as Angelo gives him a knowing smirk, instead turning his attention back to his date.
“Come, I’m going to take you home and spoil you once we get there.”  And in no time they find themselves in the back of a cab headed for Baker Street.
And so he would leave this surprisingly curious, unexpectedly charming, strapping young man alone.
It's lame but it will have to do in the short amount of time he has before practice-
Addressed to
Irene grins wider at his reaction. "She's going to ask you to formal," she says. She's practically vibrating.
Whoever they are, they're not John.
you, Sherlock?"
His eyes. God, his
John is riding toward him.
John tamped down on the butterflies threatening to explode from his stomach.
"Sherlock, I realize the coincidence of my significant other's teammate becoming your roommate is difficult for you to comprehend, but the truth of the matter is that is fact. I like to think of it as a happy accident." Mycroft sounds smug as all hell and Sherlock
Why does Sherlock attract the worst kinds of people? Why must they all be mysterious and confident and make John feel about two inches tall?
John tried to glare, but he didn't want to lose all sight of that pretty face. "Well, with the special meetings and all-"
But he desperately needs to talk to Paul.
"I like you so much," John said softly, stepping closer, fingers lacing with Sherlock's. "You're... you are what I want. You make me laugh constantly. You have the nicest smile when you're happy. You're snarky as all hell," he nudged Sherlock's shoulder with his and the curly-headed boy huffed a quiet laugh. "You're gorgeous," John murmured, turning round to step in front of Sherlock. Those ethereal, silver, currently wide eyes caught John's blue and held his gaze, looking so scared and unsure. But the hint of hope, and the softness that sat just behind that was what kept John going.
For some reason, this didn't even come as a shock to John. He shrugged as though to say
Then Link grinned. "Hi John."
But Sherlock wasn't far. He was here. Right here. Breathing and murmuring and so close John could taste his scent on his tongue, hear his heart beating in his chest, a steady rhythm that couldn't even begin to set pace with John's racing pulse thundering in his neck. Which sat only a breath away from Sherlock's lips. Which John was seemingly unable to take his eyes off of.
"Can I ask you something?"
John yanked at the collar of his shirt for the ninth time that evening, grimacing at the uncomfortable feeling of the tie wrapped snuggly around his neck.
"Oh," Sherlock shakes his slightly as if jarred by the question and just now recovering. "Lab partner. One of them anyway. We're doing a group project in Chemistry in groups of threes which is so idiotic, don't even get me started."
"Well you should sort that out then, shouldn't you?" The man said almost angrily and John subconsciously cringed back.
John threw open the door to his flat, slammed his book bag on to the table and stomped to the kitchen. He'd made it through his classes for the day and he needed a drink. Badly.
"Yes, god yes," John babbles, "Whatever you want, yes."
Resisting the urge to laugh, John shakes his head and smirks. "No. But I'm certainly not giving you up for anyone tonight, baby." He can feel his gaze go dark as he offers a heated gaze at his lover. "Tonight, you are mine."
Sherlock had blinked and ran another keen eye down John's form. "I know you're a medical student, and captain of the rugby team," he'd said factually. "I know you have close friends living in London but you prefer not to live with any of them, probably because you have hobbies you prefer they don't know about, like the fact that you enjoy writing in your free time. Judging by the lengths you go to keep it a secret, I'd assume its poetry or fictional stories, something the good old rugby boys wouldn't approve of. And I know you're tolerant, so you may be the perfect flatmate for someone like me."
and Sherlock Holmes was absolutely
Because Sherlock simply couldn't wait to make John his legally.
Maybe Sherlock would understand.
John clearly has no idea what to say to Sherlock.
Because it didn't make sense.
John can't move.
Tapping his mobile against his lips, Sherlock closes his eyes and lets his brain do the rest of the work, forming a simple yet excellent plan that he's a bit ashamed he couldn't have come up with on his own in the first place, the idea so obvious now it takes no time at all for the entire evening to take shape in his mind.
And tried.
"Go sit with him," Mycroft urges.
And if Sherlock is up for it, oh Christ John is really in for it.
"Hm?"
"Just be careful, okay?" Irene murmurs. "That's all I'm asking. And you have my number in your phone so if you need
," John snaps as the door shuts behind them, reaching out and grabbing Sherlock's hand to pull him close. "Aren't you cold? Where's your coat?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Tonight, it sets every single nerve in Sherlock's body on fucking
With a heavy put-upon sigh, Sherlock concedes and John lets go of his hand willingly, calmer now that he's had a moment to stake his claim once more, ignoring the low internal growl from the beast he cannot tame and instead forcing the side of himself he can control to be comfortable.
Sherlock raises a condescending eyebrow as he turns to his friend. "Gorgeous beast?"
"No Mr. Watson, we haven't met," the man chuckled and John narrowed his eyes. The cadence of that voice was so… familiar. "But I'm glad we have this time to be introduced properly."
The forwardness of the comment throws Sherlock for a loop and he blinks several times, grappling with exactly what that means. Irene is a... but she'd said-
"Hey, us gays gotta stick together," Irene raises an eyebrow. "Prepare for the uprising and all that."
John laughed. "Well, I've got all kinds of words, so-" he flicked his hand toward the stairs. "Can I?"
And called him…
Which had lasted about a month before Sherlock had John pinned to the floor of his bedroom, snogging him senseless. At the tender age of fifteen, Sherlock knew from then on that John, only seventeen himself, was the one.
It's Sherlock's turn to lace his fingers with John's and press just a bit closer. "I'm sorry your first time wasn't perfect," Sherlock murmurs, pressing a kiss to John's cheek. "You deserve to have nothing but the very best."
With an irritated huff and a glare, Sherlock tugs his goggles down from where they sit perched on his head and seats himself in his desk chair, turning his full attention back to the colorful array of liquids sitting in glass beakers and test tubes across his desk.
"Irene?" John asks with a tilt of his head, still grinning. "Sherlock Holmes, did you ask Irene for help on how to take me on a date?"
"Yes," John barks in reply, making absolutely no apologies as he returns to his position on his knees between Sherlock's legs. "You have
"I thought we already established that?"
"This is yours now, by the way," John says, untucking his fingers and straightening his rugby jacket on Sherlock's shoulders.
Truth is, he doesn't mind Irene most days. Mainly because she's not a complete imbecile. He'd been paired with her in their shared Chemistry lab just the week prior, and before he'd gotten a word out as they'd settled at their shared table, she'd announced, "You better not be a fucking moron. I need to pass this class and have no interest in working with an idiot."
Will huffed softly, clearly trying to not seem annoyed. John forced himself to speak, a little nervous this kind stranger may get angry if he didn't explain himself.
Sherlock has never been nervous. He's never anxious or unsure.
Sherlock frowns. "Work?"
Sherlock has never broken a rule in his life. He doesn't do dangerous things. He does what he's told and follows a schedule and sits ramrod straight and is the definition of a posh brat.
He didn't want to just fuck John, although that thought was pleasing all by itself. He almost thought he could maybe want…
That didn't stop it from hurting all the same.
"Woah, hey," John said, rushing to his side. "Do you need to lean on me?"
They find a rhythm.
Mike laughed, shaking his head.
John rolls his hips again and Sherlock's fingers dig into John's back, body pulling taut. Sherlock falls silent, eyes slammed shut, mouth wide open and god, it's a perfect sight as he comes. John encourages him, pressing his clothed cock against Sherlock's, bending to lick a sensitive nipple, doing his best to prolong Sherlock's orgasm. "That's perfect, Sherlock, there you go," he murmurs.
The man grabbed two bottles and plunked them on the counter, snapping the tops off quickly. John paid and tipped rather nicely for two beers, seeing as he was acting strangely. The bartender smiled at him.
His next overwhelming urge is to spin on his heel and run.
John frowned and tugged on his arm, but Harry didn't let go. "Um, no, not Jake, his name is-"
"Sherlock, it's fine," John tried to protest, feeling his cheeks burning. "He needs your help. I can stay out-"
"Yeah," Irene agrees. "He'll be safe with the four of us watching out for him."
Sherlock barely registers the tissue John has produced, catching his release.
Sherlock whirls around so quickly, he barely manages not to topple over backwards, fear creeping up his spine from the surprise of a voice in a supposedly empty space. He'd been so wrapped up in threatening Mycroft, he hadn't notice another body in the room. A body that shouldn't be there. A body Sherlock couldn't possibly look at without melting right into the floor.
"Ugh, sleeping. Sleeping's boring, I hardly ever sleep if I can help it."
Although, even when sweaty and panting, John still manages a smirk.
"I'm home," John agrees, laying a kiss in his hair.
Sherlock's hand moves away and up along John's hip, stroking his bare skin softly, and John pulls him close with weak arms, tugging Sherlock's arm up and over his waist and pressing their foreheads together.
John finds Sherlock's hand, lacing their fingers together, pinning it next to Sherlock's head.
He'd have to end it.
So sick of being angry, so sick of being worried, so sick of not knowing what the fucking hell was going to happen.
dream team."
Sherlock leans closer, following John's lead and laying a hand of his own on John's shoulder. It's not the most intimate of body parts but Sherlock is so nervous, he needs to steady himself more than anything else because the way John is looking at him right now could very easily bring him to his knees.
Sherlock no longer lives in the real world.
"No," Irene snaps immediately. "You do not get to tell me nothing happened, Sherlock. You've literally never ever called me, I don't even think you've
It's a kiss.
A small laugh emits itself from Victor's mouth before he reaches for one of the many bottles scattered across the counter top, some form of alcohol filling a fourth of it. "How about a round of shots for us Chemistry partners? You like rum?"
And there is definitely…
John, however, isn't listening. With one single look to Sherlock and another back to Seb, John seems to read the situation like an open book. The veins in his neck are protruding with vigor, popping colorfully from his neck as he clenches his jaw tightly. His fingers close tighter around Sherlock's delicate knuckles, physically restraining himself. "We're not pretending," he grinds out through gritted teeth, shifting slightly forward while tugging Sherlock a pace behind him as though to physically shield him from any harmful words spoken about him.
He watched Sherlock slowly begin to pant, chest heaving slightly, puffs of air hitting the digits against his lips, eyes lidded. John stared. And stared. And stared, knowing full well he should look away. Knowing he shouldn't be touching. Knowing he shouldn't even be
"You know, if you're that lonely," Sebastian continues, "you could always call an escort service. The blokes that get paid may be the only ones that would actually agree to touch a freak like you."
John Watson is a Year 13, Sherlock has learned since their meeting. John moved here at the end of last school year. John has sparkling eyes and rides a Bonneville 3000 and has the love of all the girls in school. He seems obviously attractive. He seems quite smug. He seems like he should be boring.
Although... it was becoming abundantly clear that he cared about John more then he'd cared about anything in his life. And he had an almost unhealthy need to take care of him. He also felt a hapless urge to stalk his every move.
John blinked, having not realized his fingers had curled into the front of Sherlock's shirt into fists, effectively holding Sherlock to him.
Eyebrows shooting to his hairline in pure surprise, Sherlock blinks for a second, a bit lost. Why was Victor so nervous to ask that? Seems a bit silly. "Sure," Sherlock shrugs, frowning slightly at why this took ages for Victor to blurt out.
And he can't risk that.
Nights like tonight make it feel like it's not a farfetched possibility. Like maybe John comes to him for a reason beyond their friendship. Like maybe John feels more than just a friendly bond with Sherlock.
It is so unbelievably awkward John starts to fidget with the door handle still grasped in his hand, feeling completely foolish for rushing home like this so intensely eager only to find the person he's so eager to see isn't nearly as thrilled to see him and all of his fears come creeping back up his neck, the worry spreading to his nerves and making his palms sweat.
Sherlock watches closely as John rips the packet and rolls the condom over his cock. "This part is easy," John says as he secures it in place. Sherlock laughs.
"You said it yourself, John," Sherlock grins as Mike returns toting several beers and a slightly smile on his face. "I'm a genius."
"Yes, well-"
"Ah, yes, so much life experience in secondary school," Sherlock murmurs sarcastically, attempting to redirect his eyes to his work and away from the girl blinking furious eyes at him.
That warm bubble promptly bursts into something else entirely, practically exploding and sending tiny shocks of delighted pleasure at the sound of John Watson's voice calling him out from down where he still stands in the midst of the muddy pitch, the cadence in his words lilted as though happily surprised to see Sherlock near the field. Biting the inside of his cheek hard enough to break skin to keep the grin from spreading ridiculously wide across his face, Sherlock finds it's absolutely no use against the brilliant, megawatt smile his roommate is currently radiating in his direction.
He has no idea. He doesn't think so, but he'd prefer not to find out.
After a day out in town, trudging down the muddy roads of London, John and Sherlock had burst back into the Holmes mansion, dirty and grubby and both needing baths.
"I do know," John argues gently. "And I can promise."
But the words wouldn't come. Not now. Not yet. Not when this was all so new and still so terrifying.
John bites his lip on a smirk.
"Well, I'd survive without this job," John teases. "I don't need to work here to continue shagging you, although it would be quite inconvenient to be elsewhere."
"It's not right!" John cried, refusing to meet his eyes, struggling to free himself from Sherlock's grasp but the boy's fingers stood firm, tightening.
"Oh yeah, it's about supper time, isn't it?" Mike grins knowingly with a wink and Sherlock refuses to react, though the capillaries in his cheeks don't seem to get the memo as they allow blood to fill them rapidly.
"Sherlock!" Mrs. Hudson admonished as soon as she yanked open the door, but Sherlock was already pushing past her and into 221A, heading for the kitchen.
Sherlock waits, unable to move until John speaks.
Sherlock nods. "I'm sorry."
Link was the one to break the silence with a loud whoop. "Wow! That was... that was so fucking weird and kind of creepy and kind of awesome. You're an odd one Holmes, but I think I kind of like ya."
He plays until his fingers bleed.
"Sherlock!" Mike's bright, already somewhat glassy eyes are full of excitement as he whips open the door to his flat and pins his gaze on John's roommate, the sounds of a party already in full-swing filtering out from the open doorway.
"Oh, they can be used for more than just handling
Sherlock can't think. Which is made worse when John's lips trail along his collarbone, licking along the dip between shoulder and bone. "John," he gasps, a plea twisting with concern, want battling for dominance over need.
no he didn't make a single mistake, not
"Making friends?"
Sherlock stared for a moment longer then his features contorted to confusion. "Are you having me on?"
"No but you certainly look like a drown rat," John chuckles, running the cloth back and forth gently, soaking in all the rain water he can manage. "We've got to get you dry if you don't want to be sneezing and coughing for the next week."
"And I thought John would have more intelligent friends, so clearly we were both wrong," Sherlock replied calmly.
John Watson who he never dreamed he'd get to have like this.
It's his own fault, really. Sherlock shouldn't be watching John on campus. Sherlock shouldn't be watching John play rugby. Sherlock shouldn't even know that his older brother's boyfriend is best friends with his roommate. He shouldn't have in-depth knowledge of what John Watson looks like while he sleeps. Sherlock shouldn't know that John Watson, by all accounts, is perfect.
And Sherlock Holmes will do
Well, he did more then that.
"So," Irene says, smacking a hand down onto the table and startling Sherlock out of his spinning thoughts. "That redhead is playing rather hard to get, and I'm really not in the mood to work for it today. Wanna work on our project?"
Sherlock's lips twitch. "When you're not looking."
"Hey, I'm bisexual," John says, throwing his hands up in front of him as if to defend his point. "I was simple asking."
The poetry is amateur.
Sherlock didn't speak. He wasn't entirely sure what to say. He chose instead to attempt to show. Show him how torn he was over John falling apart in his arms. How painful it was to see him feel like he wasn't worth anything to anyone, when he had unknowingly worked his way into Sherlock's life, changing it drastically, dragging out emotions and
He isn't supposed to be stripping John in this context. Things aren't supposed to happen like this.
And then those beautiful, sharp features hardened and the man dropped his hand from John's cheek. He cursed the loss of contact and panic reared its ugly head inside him, feeling the abrupt change in the atmosphere. Suddenly, he felt out of his depth.
"Well," the blond boy says, "it's nice to know a little about my roommate."
For all the effort he's gone to, Sherlock is certain it's going to be something big.
So many years,
In all fairness, John is not giving Sherlock much to work with in terms of responding. What does one say to that? Agree?
Chuckling low in his throat, a sound that zipped straight down Sherlock's spine and to his cock, John nipped and licked along the brunette's sternum to his stomach, dipping his tongue into his naval before biting the soft skin just below. Sherlock lay perfectly still, enjoying every minute of John's eager mouth exploring his body.
And this being his last summer here before completing his thirteenth year and heading off to university only meant he truly had to make these ten weeks count.
Mornings were always the best with John.
Sherlock has no response, bursting through the door to the outside world and inhaling as deeply as possible, hoping desperately to clear all his thoughts. One thought in particular that seems to be plastered to a billboard across his brain, flashing bright, blinking and buzzing, demanding to be seen. One thought. Two words.
"Just imagine, John," Sherlock's lips were pressing to his ear, "we'd have our own room. Our own
John took the fizzing, orange drink and nodded, tugging out his wallet.
The man stared blankly at John for three long seconds. Then promptly rolled his eyes. "For godsake," he muttered under his breath, "that was very much not what I was suggesting."
Cheeks heating just a bit, Sherlock looks away and drops heavily into the seat beside his flatmate, unable to look at him directly any longer without swooning like a moron, but unwilling to leave his side. "Open it," he encourages as he eyes the rest of his family settling in with small mounds of gifts surrounding each of their feet, even Sherlock's somehow appearing beside him, clearly while he'd been gawking at his friend like a lovesick schoolboy.
His body tightens without warning, his limbs suddenly needs to hold on to John with everything he has, never ever let him go. His insides inevitably clench as well, drawing a deep, guttural cry from his lover's mouth, his movements suddenly quickening, driving harder into Sherlock with every pull. Sherlock barely registers his own words of encouragement falling freely from his elated mouth, begging, pleading for John to come, right now, right this minute, please, oh please, please, please.
Sherlock silently berates himself, but nods anyway.
John snorts. "Nothing. The lads are having a little get together tonight before the scrimmage tomorrow."
"Are you
"I'm here, love," John replied softly, reaching for his partner. "Come here."
to hate, not to waste any energy on negativity like that, and he's truly never met someone he out and out
"Isn't that a bit, what does one say... 'primary school' behavior?"
John's certain he's drooling. He's biting his lip hard to keep from making any sounds, shoving his hands into his pockets to keep from touching his own cock and watches. Simply watches Sherlock experiment with plucking at his nipples, hand moving slowly beneath his pants, body rolling in time with his ministrations.
And if John were paying attention to anything other than his own bloody thoughts, he would have seen the dark curly head peeking out from around one of the buildings, watching his every move with sharp, knowing eyes.
, it hurts to even have to
John pops an amused eyebrow. "Alright then."
"Fire him now, Mrs. Hudson."
Because right at that moment, John shifts closer.
And no one knows how John touches Sherlock. How he holds him close every chance he gets, how he cards fingers through Sherlock's messy curls and runs a strong hand down the center of his back. How the muscles of his arms shift under Sherlock's grasp, how his eyelashes flutter whenever Sherlock licks along his collarbone. How John's favorite position to sleep in is on his back with Sherlock's head resting on his chest where he can easily access the genius boy's curls. How soft John is in the morning light, always smiling at Sherlock as he wakes, always reaching for him first thing.
"Ah, on second thought," Irene tips her head to the point, "no. I really don't."
Wiping actual tears from his eyes, John glances up to him. "What does what mean?"
John turned obediently, following as Sherlock walked backwards, pulling him along, moving slowly and reassuringly, offering a small smile in encouragement. John found his own lips pulling into a shy smile of his own, feeling intensely vulnerable in only his towel, but no longer afraid. No longer terrified of Sherlock and his gentle touch and his kind words, but still utterly exposed like this, in full view of another boy. Sherlock guided him to the edge of his canopy bed, stopping and pulling John toward him until they stood toe to toe, equally vulnerable, equally unprepared.
Specifically one John is having rather graphic fantasies of throttling right about now.
He snaps awake in the middle of the night right on schedule, body surging to life at half past two, blinking into the darkness, fully alert and ready to rise.
? Exotic, sexual, gorgeous Sherlock?
On any other day, it's perfectly normal not to hear from his roommate until they reconvene in their room at the end of the day for takeaway and a chat, sometimes not texting at all. But his conversation with Victor has set John's teeth on edge.
Rolling his eyes at his ridiculous brother, Sherlock steps up and finds John right with him, settling in beside him and wrapping an arm around Sherlock's waist, pulling him close and angling them in a v-shape toward each other.
"I love you," John murmured, face flaming at the admission, body shaking as he stroked his fingers along Sherlock's hurt frame.
Poor kid was in for a rude awakening tomorrow morning.
. Prying each other's mouths open, John's warm tongue delves in to find Sherlock's, rolling over it in hurries waves, grabbing Sherlock's shirt and hauling him closer, licking into his mouth, extracting panting moans from the curly-haired boy and taking no pity whatsoever.
He's never felt anything like this before.
Scoffing, Sherlock wriggles from her grasp. "I'm pretty sure I told you that in confidence, not for you to hold it over my head."
Sherlock shakes his head. They've had enough awkward conversations for one night. "No, thank you."
And without his consent at all, Sherlock's fingers are suddenly releasing the jersey back to the bed and promptly flying down the buttons of his shirt, pulling it smoothly over his head once enough space allows and retrieving the black and white sport shirt into his grasp.
Then Mycroft promptly slides his thumb and middle finger between his lips and gives a sharp, loud whistle, startling every bloke on the field to jump before exclaiming brilliance at Mycroft's admittedly impressive skill.
"The answer to that was no, by the way," Mike teases with a squeeze to his shoulder. He leans down toward the bench and hands Sherlock a green bottle. "Here. Drink some water. It'll help."
Sherlock shakes his head fondly. "Thank you, daddy."
"Right," he mutters, looking back to the ground. "Well. Goodnight then."
"I gotta go," John mumbled, an unhealthy swell of panic wafting through him. He stood abruptly, almost knocking his coffee to the floor in his haste, barely noticing as he hurried to the door.
"What?" John's amusement vanishes instantly, "No I didn't."
Straightening as quickly as he can and shaking himself out of his reverie, Sherlock goes about gathering his chemistry notebook, patently ignoring the fact that his face has completely drained of color and his neck is hotter than Hades, praying to god that Irene doesn't notice or see-
It comes out as a growl and Sherlock just barely manages to suppress a groan, heat pooling at the back of his neck with the innuendo he himself had made without even trying and John's response rocketing his libido into action without missing a beat, the situation changing yet again and Sherlock is drowning, oh Christ he is
But most of all, as selfish and ridiculous as this sounds, John hated the way emerald green eyes had narrowed in on Sherlock Holmes with such laser focus and intent. Like Victor had some sort of intentions for the genius boy. Like Victor was
He'd been so
"You're so warm and cozy," John continued, deciding what his next move was going to be. Should he kiss his ear? Maybe put his hand on his chest? Or his belt? John couldn't decide. So many choices! He groped his hands around Sherlock's body, realizing how hard it was to do this when his eyes were closed.
today? Must he keep pushing at every turn, keep badgering the genius into doing things he doesn't want to do? Can't he just shut up and sit down and get this godforsaken lesson over with so Sherlock can leave? Can't he stop being overly considerate and caring and nice and just
"Hey, no fraternizing with the other team!" Paul shouts from the still waiting group of boys. "And no eye-fucking during football!" His words are accompanied by hollers of agreement and teasing jeers and
He does mind.
"Stop." Sherlock held his hand up as his eyes snapped open. "I will not sit here while you justify why it was alright for that…
"Oh sod off, the both of you," John laughs.
The heat is back in full force rushing out to his every limb as Sherlock takes in his man commanding the field and his team, rallying everyone around him, pulling attention like some beacon of strength and power, his short stature doing nothing to hinder his authority, every boy on the team hanging on his every word as he gestures and hollers and directs their next play. Sherlock can't catch any single word, but he can see the team standing at attention, can see the hold John's got on all these boys; they respect the hell out of him, even their own captain listening intently, before they break with a unanimous clap, pumping each other up with whoops and hollers, jogging back out onto the mess of a field and digging in for another go.
," John spits. "Jesus, Sherlock, I'm...sorry but Christ, you are driving me
"Let it go," John says, pressing a kiss to his lover's flushed cheek, hoping to convey that he does not need to have control, that he can absolutely lose all sense of propriety when he's with John like this.
To touch and fondle and play and fuck.
Sherlock shakes his head, slowly backing away. "No, I - I got it. I think I have to do some orientation or something since it's my first year, though." He leans back and throws a thumb over his shoulder.
Sherlock straightened his shoulders and fixed John with an irritated glare. "Get your coat."
Sherlock tries to smile back but he's certain it doesn't reach his eyes. It wasn't just a thrill. John is an adrenaline junkie, no doubt about that, but Sherlock knew it was more than that. "Yes, you do," Sherlock murmurs.
While out to lunch on Thursday:
Then it hit him. Next week… Next Friday? For another…meet up? Sherlock nodded minutely as he watched John catch up to the meaning of his words. John bit the inside of his cheek to keep the telling smile from spreading brightly across his face.
being inappropriate."
But he hadn't said anything.
"I'll be there, Sherlock," John says sincerely. "Don't worry, okay?"
"We know," Mike agrees with a smirk. "But I'll bet you by the weekend things will be right as rain. In fact, you ought to bring him 'round to the party on Saturday night after the game. For celebratory drinks!"
Actually, no. Not interest.
It's silent in the cool morning air and Sherlock wonders if he's even breathing.
Like Sherlock is his.
Sherlock chokes another soft cry, the ache in his chest beginning to dissipate and replace itself with warmth and comfort.
. I found no concrete advice about anything."
"Harder," Sherlock demands, dropping his head back as John gasps. He can feel the ends of his curls brushing John's face. "Fuck me har- AH!"
Something he can hardly be blamed for considering John Watson is… like
"Nothing," John muttered, throwing the fridge door shut and stalking to the cabinet, deciding tea would have to suffice.
Except the one.
This man who is whispering
you feel incredible," he murmurs, "You feel so good, love, so
And his trousers are tight.
," John giggles, sliding his hand further between Sherlock's knees and giving his thigh a gentle squeeze. "You are far more brilliant than I am. I should have been taking you on dates a long time ago."
And it makes everything in John's body ache not to run back to their dorm immediately, wrap Sherlock in his arms and never let him go again. He's wanted to do that on so many occasions; so many times he's dreamt of touching Sherlock like that, like a lover would. It's not new, this feeling, but it's different this time. It's less about the need to touch Sherlock, which he has often, and more about the need to protect him. To show him how important he is. Show him how wonderful he is.
There is a slight pressure to the side of Sherlock's head and then John's body heat is gone.
"Uh! John-" Sherlock throws his head back at the sudden sensation.
He books it around the brick wall and into the entrance, heart pounding against his ribs as he anticipates what he's about to lay eyes on.
And John tells himself that it'll be fine. That today will be long but it will be event-free and he will get his schoolwork done and go to rugby practice and find Sherlock waiting for him on the sidewalk afterward and all will be right.
He takes them both down, Sherlock landing with a rather hard oomph and John gracelessly falling beside him, red flag still held tightly in his fist. He raises it in victory from the ground, attempting to catch his breath.
"Oh," Sherlock breathes, practically feeling his pupils dilate as John reaches him, sliding hands over his hips and down over his arse and squeezing.
"One!"
"Okay, were you listening to me at all last night? That actress was known for having the smallest waist in Hollywood at the time. She was very unhealthy and sick all the time. I told you that before we actually saw her on screen. I thought you'd find it
Sherlock had raised an eyebrow. "Problem?"
Dark curls covered his face as he turned his head. Mm. So soft. He nuzzled his nose into the curls.
John furrows his brow. "What's a Mycroft?"
"Why aren't we having sex?"
"Nervous?"
John stirs with a quiet moan and Sherlock slips silently out the door.
"Jesus, everything on this menu looks delicious," John hums, skimming down the page in his hand before flipping it over. "How'd you even find this place?"
And then it's like something akin to stepping over a cliff.
He fought the thought so hard, his head ached but he knew. He knew what it was.
He's out in the meadow waiting for John.
Sherlock nods.
That may not be true.
"If I
"There we are," John croons above him, looking quite smug and equally pleased, dragging his fingers out, rotating them and pushing all the way back in to land another delicious stroke along Sherlock's prostate. "Perfect, love."
"It doesn't concern you, John."
He did know that it's
That shift, the one he'd felt earlier, was now locking itself in place. Was now forcing them to reconcile things they'd forced themselves to ignore, tried to hide for weeks and now… it was all for not.
Sherlock's already pink skin darkens a shade and John is on him before either of them can process it.
Then he drops down into a chair at Sherlock's table.
"Don't worry about it," John giggled. Sherlock began to look up at him with a raised eyebrow but his face fell immediately as he took in John's appearance.
As far as John is concerned, they aren't married. Why would Sherlock continue to wear his ring?
"Mm," John replied meekly, eyelids drooping, wishing so much he could shove a muzzle onto Anderson's face to make him stop talking.
Sherlock let out a small chuckle.
Because not only is John straight and very much not interested in Sherlock Holmes, but he's also very much making it impossible for Sherlock not to...
John wishes he could say it straight out, that yes, good
Irene laughs. "Come on little virgin boy, you know you want to. You want John's big, hard-"
John makes small talk and Sherlock physically restrains himself from cringing.
"Oh god," is the shaky whimpered reply John gets as he swirls his tongue around the velvety head, preening like a bloody peacock as Sherlock's fingers sink deeper into John's hair. "Oh my
Yeah. Because that didn't sound fucking stupid at all.
"Well you wouldn't tell me so what choice did I have?"
He studies the note again.
The curly head rose up slowly and grey eyes caught John's only open one. "Woah." John leaned forward, wanting to be as close as possible to this gorgeous person. "You're pretty." Those eyes were like magnets and he didn't want to look away.
Sherlock kissed him deeply, sucking and licking into his mouth with purpose and John responded in kind. He could feel Sherlock's belt digging into his hip and he shifted, attempting to move away from it, moving his leg further out, flattening his other foot and- oh,
"Or look," John growls, "No looking at anyone else either. No talking or looking. No… no doing anything."
"What?" Sitting bolt right up in bed, Sherlock is suddenly unbelievably confused, barking out a rather loud question as his entire body swells with panic.
Again, the crowd laughed and the voice waited for it to die down. "Now, without further ado, please give a warm welcome to our favorite boy: The Detective."
shagging my baby brother simply because they occupy the same-"
The indignant huff that followed the comment was all he needed for a wave of smug triumph to wash over him.
Sherlock grinned. "Something like that. Although, my brother always has thought everything that was mine also belonged to him. He has no imagination, really."
John chuckles, shrugging with an air of nonchalance. He isn't one to brag about his conquests, hardly ever speaking about it directly - he isn't a dick and tries to keep it that way - but he's gained a bit of a reputation. And Greg being his best friend loves to remind him of it.
Grinning like the besotted fool that he is, John gives those delicate fingers a squeeze. "Wouldn't dare, love."
Sherlock paused and looked away as though weighing something in his mind. John noticed his hand shaking silently and stared at the man, realizing how difficult this truly was for him. John's heart pounded a little harder, suddenly finding himself being privy to something as private as Sherlock's inner thoughts. He'd been so angry with him this past week he hadn't realized how much he missed the intrigue he had toward this man, how fascinated he was by him. He forgot how much he loved the mysteries of Sherlock and now here he was, gaining more access then he ever had before, information about how Sherlock felt. How Sherlock felt about
like that. It startles the horses."
The blond boy rips his mouth free and for a split second Sherlock feels the sting of rejection begin to burn a hole in his chest before he realizes John hasn't gone far, instead planting open mouthed kisses to Sherlock's cheek and jawline, then burying his face in Sherlock's neck. "Christ," he breathes between gentle sucks and Sherlock grabs at him, one hand sliding into blond fringe and holding him to the bend where his shoulder and throat meet, moaning at every lick and every soft pinch of a bite. "Jesus, Sherlock."
"S-Sorry-" John murmurs and curses, stilling his hips. "I didn't mean-"
A lazy, love-drunk smile tips the genius boy's lips upward and he beams right back at his partner, that fuzzy feeling in his system stronger than ever, his heart growing three sizes and threatening to burst free from his chest as he watches his boyfriend in all his nude glory pause all pleasure and check in on Sherlock.
he truly is. And then it would only be a matter of time before the perfect last week of Sherlock's life comes crashing down around him.
I will tell you that this chapter ended up being just porn =) Whoops! So... kind of sorry but not really at all ;) Also it's the middle of the night for me so sorry for the rambling but please enjoy! XO!
So here he is now, strolling along a quiet sidewalk on a particularly chilly evening, barreling toward some random party, his first ever it should be noted, alongside the most beautiful idiot in the world.
"I can make it a year," John murmurs. "If in the end I get to keep you and your bees, then I can absolutely make it a year."
He's been reckless.
"Yeah, because making shit up to write about requires skill," John muttered in response, his own retorts becoming lame and boring even in his own head. He was tired. Just so bloody tired.
"When have you ever been supportive in your life?" Sherlock demands. "All you know how to do is be a gigantic pain in the arse."
"Would you calm down?" She laughs, tucking his shirts into the drawers beside his bed, neatly folded the way she's done his entire life. "It's alright if you like-"
And it's not until soft blonde hair tickles his knuckles that Sherlock realizes his great miscalculation here, the tips of his fingers grazing snuggly fitting boxer briefs beneath said shorts, and his one-track mind suddenly buzzes sharply and drops offline entirely, the caretaker in him busying itself doing something else entirely forgetting all about clinically undressing this boy and putting him in the shower, instead deciding this isn't the professional and effective actions of a caretaker but something else entirely.
His breath caught in his throat at the sight before him.
is something I can get behind."
John leans in. "And who are your hands for?" he murmurs against Sherlock's lips.
, he mused. However, his flatmate was nowhere to be found. John worried at his lip, feeling exposed out in the open like this, knowing if Sherlock spotted him before John could find him, he'd be in deep shit.
But John had.
John Watson was born to be on this field.
Like he wants more.
Slinking down his body, John nibbled his way along Sherlock's frame, biting at tender skin and grinning when a moan elicited itself from Sherlock's mouth, clearly quite satisfied with himself for making Sherlock moan. Confidence boosted, John made his way to one of Sherlock's nipples, taking it between his teeth and touching the tip with his tongue, causing spirals of pleasure to shoot out and warm the detective's chest all over.
John laughed. "And how do I do that, exactly?"
And John dutifully obeys, panting deliciously heated breathes into the whorl of Sherlock's ear as he pours himself into Sherlock, muttering, "o-oh, god, baby, god -
"What are
Even in the small setting, it's frightening. Seb is doing an excellent job of playing the concerned citizen, eyes wide with worry and fear, as though Sherlock may jump out and steal his innocence using the skin of John Watson to suffocate him. It would be laughable.
He scrambles back, pushing to the right of John's chest and away, good god
John grinned. "Should we help clear the table?"
God, he was exhausted.
Cut off by long fingers wrapping around his biceps and hauling him to his feet, Sherlock silences John by kissing him breathless, sweeping his tongue into John's mouth to prove how very serious he is about this. "Of course I'm sure, of
It's excruciatingly tedious.
And so they began dating.
"He left for the day."
It's better.
"Was I too casual?" John suddenly says desperately. "Was I too...relaxed about the whole thing? Because that's not how I meant it." He steps closer. "I just... I love it when you blush and the little 'o' your mouth makes when you're surprised and...and I didn't know if you were comfortable being out yet…which is why I didn't ask you to this bloody dance…but I couldn't stay away from you..."
"Oh," Sherlock breathes, feeling all warm and tender in his chest. "I - …thank you."
Thank god the dorm isn't too far.
Maybe it really is over.
John uncurled himself from his position and raised his head, fluttering his sleepy blue eyes, smiling lazily and, Jesus,
And then drops to his knees in one fell swoop, bringing Sherlock's trousers and pants along with him, pulling them down to pool at the boy's ankles. Settling shaking hands on broad shoulders, Sherlock fumbles his way out of the remainder of his clothing, heart clenching slightly at the sight of John assisting him, helping him step out of his boxers and kick them aside, flushed cock bobbing freely at the exact height of John's mouth. He bites down on the inside of his cheek to keep a groan from falling from his lips, which proves futile as the groan turns into a deep, internal growl vibrating his slender frame. John peeks up at him from where he sits on his knees, deep blue, all-too-innocent eyes boring in him with such intensity it makes his body shiver. "I've wanted to do this for such a long time," John breathes below him, holding eye-contact as he slips his mouth around the head of Sherlock's cock and sucks generously.
"Sherlock doesn't know that I know." John narrowed his eyes. "And I prefer to keep it that way."
John closed his eyes, fear and irritation warring for dominance, body seeming undecided on if he was more furious with his best friend or more terrified of slimy creatures lurking beneath the dark water below him.
"Well, most individuals run from Anderson if they know what's good for them," Sherlock mutters.
A vibration against his thigh shocks him out of his subconscious deep-dive and the genius boy opens his eyes, not remembering when he'd closed them in the first place, pulling his mobile free from his pocket and glancing down to find a text message alert glowing back at him. A soft smile sneaks up along his mouth and Sherlock slides open the screen, biting down on his bottom lip as he reads the text and who it's from.
Sherlock had walked him to the door, locked it behind him, then promptly stripped off his clothing, and practically dove into the shower, wrapping his hand around his cock and stroking vigorously, still feeling John's hands on his hips and soft whimpers against his lips. He moaned out loud, wishing more than anything he were inside John's body and not his own fist. A ripple of pleasure tore through him as he considered the possibility that John was on his way home right at this very moment to do the exact thing Sherlock was in the middle of. The thought of John touching himself while thinking of Sherlock made his cock spasm and he came, picturing John laying on his bed with his hand down his pants, whimpering Sherlock's name.
John rubbed at the back of his neck, feeling anxious. He didn't want to talk. He'd made a fool of himself last night, then cried like some pathetic child to someone who he hardly could even call his friend any longer. He didn't want to make it worse. "Look, I don't know if you just feel bad because I yelled at you, or whatever, but I brought that shit on myself last night. I appreciate what you did and everything, but I know we're not exactly...friendly anymore so. You don't need to feel obligated to help me out when I make poor decisions just because you feel guilty."
Sherlock's vision blurs around the edges as he stares unseeingly out before him, repeating his mantras over and over in his head, ignoring the cracks in every sentence, the shutter and fall of every word, he steadfastly pretends not to hear the uncertainty in his own convictions as John still just fucking
"Okay, I've heard about enough, thanks," John bites out, shifting forward to throw his elbow to his knee and point a finger at this posh bastard. "First and foremost, Sherlock and I are not shagging, not that it's any business of yours but I'd like to make that quite clear on my end. Second of all, I actually like Sherlock. We get on well, we live together just fine and yes I would consider us friends. I don't need payment to stick around and I certainly won't be taking any money from someone who thinks they need to pay a person to be friends with Sherlock Holmes. So you can kindly go fuck yourself, thanks, because I won't have anymore talk of my friendship with Sherlock being funded, for godsake."
Because there Sherlock had been, standing all alone in the center of their room, an hour after they'd exchanged such horrible words, an hour after John had practically had a nervous breakdown at the idea of Sherlock being locked away in some house with Victor Trevor, an hour after John had thought he may have lost him for good, there Sherlock had been, home and safe and adorned in John's rugby jersey, like...
"He didn't do anything, did he?" John all but barks, knowing how harsh he sounds and unable to contain it. The beast within roars its approval.
And maybe that's okay by now. Maybe it's okay to be in love with his best friend because it's been ten years and that ache that was so sharp a few years ago, that awful, horrible, hallowing need in his chest that made him want to do things like wrap his arms around that fit body and press his mouth to those pink lips and run his fingers through that soft, blond fringe had finally dulled. After beating it into submission for a very
The scowl he received from Sherlock warned him not to say this out loud.
"But what about Friday night? After the game?"
' is hardly a blip on his radar anymore. Sure he could cough up a few choice scenes where big, mean arseholes tossed him into lockers and called him a freak or a faggot or a loser during secondary school, and of course he could remember several memorable pummelings he'd been on the receiving end of while blokes three times his size spat venom down at his broken body. He's got plenty of those to choose from.
"I know that too, John," Sherlock replied.
"But he's going to be gone for ages-"
He was a sight to be had. And John absolutely planned on having him.
John snorts out a laugh and Sherlock just dares a peek to see him grinning from ear to ear. "I can give you a ride."
A happy warmth blooms in Sherlock's chest. "So…" he says cautiously. "Everything stays the same?"
John moves his hands closer to Sherlock's stomach, rubbing soft touches against his smooth skin.
It's incredibly irritating to witness.
He's certain of it.
And poor Sherlock is living in torturous ignorance.
Sherlock is battling with jealousy and relief all at once.
So tonight, he's going all in.
To have those incredibly deep, ever penetrating eyes focused in on him, untouched body twitching toward him, pink lips curling into a small smile… it's making John crazy.
His mother gives him an out. "Just something to think about," she murmurs. Then goes back to reading her paper.
No, he is going to take everything he possibly can from this. Give himself over entirely. Spend one perfect night with one perfect boy.
"No," John growls back, "it
Sherlock's lips twitch, heart thudding harder against his ribs. John Watson just stood up for him. Not that he needs protecting but the fact that he'd been certain he was about to be humiliated in front of said boy lit Sherlock's insides with a happy glow. "You have nothing to be sorry about," Sherlock mutters. "Anderson's stupid at the best of times. I mean, fairy? Really? Can't get anymore creative than that? Pathetic."
We're having a constant lovefest on my
Again, the wind is knocked from Sherlock's lungs. John knows his name? John knows… John knows he dances? He'd been certain John didn't have a clue who he even is.
Smiling so hard his cheeks hurt, John's heart lurches to one side as he reads the message. Christ, his roommate is so fucking
Even from here, John can see the shaky breath Sherlock releases.
Mike was glaring at him. "We didn't think you'd be home for a while! Why would us shagging be any of your business? And why are you mad?"
"It was him," Sherlock murmurs against John's shoulder. "It was him."
He repeats this mantra silently as he climbs into bed, but his heart is definitely not listening.
John almost chuckles but a crackle breaks out at the base of his spine and he's suddenly almost there. "Yes, Sherlock, fuck, yes I'm close…so…close…."
"Oh, okay," Victor nods, glancing down again, looking the perfect picture of disappointed.
Another groan escapes John's lips and his hands slide down Sherlock's torso. "You bloody perfect creature," he growls, every word and touch scorching over Sherlock's body. "How are you here? How do you exist? How are you-"
He crept back into his room, towel wrapped around his waist, and rummaged through his drawers, picking out clothes. He felt a little childish finding his outfit for the first day of school, but it was a big day. Today was the day John Watson began his career as a doctor. And dammit if he wasn't going to indulge himself a bit.
Good to know.
John glared at his two laughing friends then turned and left the bar, forcing down the anxiety for now. He didn't want that to ruin his time with Sherlock.
He'd been so damn sure in the taxi that he could do this. Why couldn't he gather his courage now that he had a second to think? Dammit, why hadn't Sherlock pounced on him the moment they were inside? He'd been counting on him to take the lead. Not give John time to overthink it.
races up his spine, spreading a trail of thrilling little tingles all along his body, the threat of John doing anything to him making him thrum with barely contained excitement. Being under John's predatory gaze like this is positively
They settle on top of the comforter against the many pillows Sherlock has and start the film.
Glancing up toward the building looming in front of them and fighting the effort not to grin or, god forbid,
Sherlock relaxed a little, feeling mildly better. He dropped his gaze to the ground and nodded. "Okay," he agreed.
He watches John seethe on the couch, glaring at the telly.
John frowns impatiently, having no time at all for cryptic discussions with his captain while his boyfriend's gorgeous arse is currently too far away to grab. "Nip what?"
Lestrade sighed. "Alright. Well. Thank you. I have paperwork for you so don't go far."
"Yeah?"
Plucking two small, clear shot glasses from one of the cabinets, Victor sets about filling each to the brim, just narrowly avoiding it spilling over the edges. Biting his lip to keep the nerves at bay, Sherlock confidently steps up to the counter, sets the beers down and and picks up the now full glass, eyeing is carefully, attempting to gauge how large of a swallow will be required to put back this much liquid. Victor raises his own shot glass beside him and smirks. "To Chemistry?"
John had long since moved past the 'wrongness' of it all. It wasn't wrong. To love someone the way he loved Sherlock, there was no possible way it could be wrong. It took years of Sherlock's calming words and gentle caresses to coax John into a state of contentment, but in the grand scheme of things it didn't take that long. The war had been their biggest struggle, letters too risky and visits impossible. John had wondered in the months leading up to his deployment if his need for Sherlock would dim with distance.
"Are you alright?" John demands, taking the words right out of Sherlock's mouth.
"Really?" A deep grumble came from below those curls and John hummed.
"Well I know you take up the entire first floor so far," John replies thoughtfully. "I figure I'll just build around that."
"So it was like an experiment? Like the ones in your apartment?"
She is none of those things. She follows no rules or schedules. She answers to no one. She takes nothing seriously. Sherlock can see that in her eyes.
Frowning, Sherlock's eyes run all over him in one swift motion. "I was… I was in the library," he says distractedly, as he gleans as much information from John's clothes and posture and facial expressions as he can, "doing a project with Irene and Victor." He blinks up into John's eyes. "Are you alright?"
John took one deep breath, blowing it out slowly and shaking his head a bit. He blinked hard. "Yeah. Yeah I'm good," he repeated.
Sherlock swallows the bile that rises in his throat.
Christ, how many times had Sherlock thought that exact same thing about
. When had they gotten so filthy? Fuck, Sherlock loves it. He didn't know it could get better, didn't know that fucking the hell out of his boyfriend constantly could only get better and better but Christ, it had.
There are three.
"What, you mean my silly little
Blinking rapidly for upwards of thirty seconds, Sherlock's brain decides to short-circuit at this very moment, unable to connect the dots of the conversation to its obvious conclusion, John's words muddling in his head like he's spoken under water, the meaning around the determined and then stuttered sentences evading his normally genius brain.
A short, dark haired woman pulled the door open and John nearly lost his footing in his realization that the person answering the door was not Sherlock.
There is a soft shuffle in the doorway and the embrace Sherlock had been partaking in suddenly dissolves as his mother clears her throat and lets him go, but not to far as she pats his cheek, her eyes twinkling with something mischievous. "Good morning, John," she glances quickly over Sherlock's shoulder before dropping a wink to her youngest son and removing her hand from his face.
, huh?"
Sherlock doesn't like this.
He swallows.
He didn't even give himself time to process the start of Greg's rant as he took off, deciding standing and waiting would do him no good. Circling the crowd like a vulture, John's blue eyes were blazing with determination, deciding not confronting this thing with Sherlock could be worse then rejection, and needing to get on with it before he lost his nerve.
Sherlock rose to his feet, face red as a cherry, perfectly bowed lips pulled into a lazy smile as he took in John's debauched form. He reached out and swiped a bit of blood from John's lip, before leaning in for a kiss.
"How could you possibly know that?" John asks from the floor, staring at Sherlock in wonder.
"Alright, alright," the boy steps off to the side, raising his hands in defense. "Sorry. Although, I think you all are overreacting. He's fine, aren't you, Sherlock-"
Sherlock's vision blurred slightly. Oh yes. A dangerous man he'd become. Especially when it came to those he cared for.
. You can't be this obtuse."
"John Watson?" A smooth baritone had come from that delicate mouth, eyes narrowing shrewdly as if already knowing the answer.
"Oh," John breathes, leaning in to capture Sherlock's lips again in a searing kiss. "Christ, let's get to the bedroom."
Every nerve in Sherlock's body lights on fire.
?" John barks, panicking slightly with this new information. He whips his head back around to the menacing test tube, and then back to Sherlock.
It had just happened.
An hour earlier, short, tanned fingers had been holding tightly to a boney hip. A rough, calloused palm had been pressed to a racing heart. Damp lips had been exhaling heated, sleeping breathes against a pale ear at the same tempo of a chest rising and falling along sharp shoulder blades.
Fuck this kid.
He hadn't meant to say that.
And suddenly, John's stomach is rolling for a whole different reason.
Sherlock's face grew a bit intense as they approached a door at the end of the hallway. "You ready?"
"Um, y-yeah, listen I was just-" Sherlock turns to go but Victor grips his arm.
Sherlock shrugged. "Shall we?"
Of course that doesn't last long as the breath is promptly knocked from his lungs again at the sight of John.
but- and of course you can say no, obviously, you don't have to, and I wouldn't be upset or anything and it's completely up to you if you want to or-"
his roommate?
And with that, Sherlock turned on his heel and swept out of the room in a few long, graceful strides.
Sherlock froze, eyes locked on John and he took that as a note to continue. "I love you, Sherlock. I don't know if you've noticed but I'm a little bit damaged too. I'm needy and sensitive and overly touchy and all the things you attempt to make me feel a little bit less bad about. You take care of me. And I love you. And I want to take care of you, too. Let me take care of you, too."
Sherlock tries to nod, tries to be the good little student that he is, but the edges of his vision are blurring and his cock is throbbing at every word that comes out of John's mouth.
- John I-" He attempts to warn John. Warn him that he's about to fucking explode and he can't control it and he's spiraling further away.
Sherlock and Victor wandered together -
dislocation," he challenges with a raised brow.
," John whispers, eyes slamming closed as he fully seats himself inside of Sherlock.
It takes a genuine effort on John's part not to let the thing loose, determinedly ignoring the prickling along his skin, the fire simmering in his blood.
They didn't leave him when he opened his eyes. They lingered in his mind as the days dragged by, tearing the whole in his heart another inch with every heartbeat and leaving John feeling completely and utterly empty.
"Trust me," John says softly. He nods toward Dolly's head. "Trust
The door barely budged.
"I…I'm-oh-I-
"Yes, John is alright."
"I wouldn't say I'm 'in' so much as I'm useful. Lestrade is the only one that will work with me. He sends me information when he needs help. If it's particularly interesting, I show up. Occasionally unannounced. You wouldn't believe how many morons work for the police force."
that you won't give it up? Do you seriously think that John Watson wants
"How much clearer could I have
"Seriously?" Sally Donovan barked suddenly. "You treat my beauty articles like they are the scum of the earth but you agreed to a bloody gossip column?"
Sherlock is tingling in every fiber of his being. "John," is the only word he seems to remember. He rubs himself harder against John's equally hard cock.
Only once.
The words don't want to seem to want to come out because Sherlock's mouth has instead found its way to John's, leaning over the short distance to lay a chaste kiss on John's precious lips, those lips that say such beautiful things, those lips that Sherlock could go on kissing for a lifetime. It's quick but meaningful, lingering for a moment longer than necessary and John hums, curling a hand around the back of Sherlock's neck and giving it a gentle squeeze, fingers stroking through the curls at the base of the genius boy's neck even after he pulls away.
John had frozen for a moment before recovering. "I-I'm not-it's not-"
"Well, I was five, dreadfully bored with little access to explosives, so you'll forgive me for finding entertainment in shock value, rather then something actually scientific."
John had had to slam a rather heavy metal door closed on an angry roar from the covetous monster inside of him, sliding several thick deadbolts into place and schooling his features, unwilling to give himself away while he tended to his friend and staunchly ignored the prick looming over them.
He's the best. Really and truly the best.
Bloody transport is unreliable.
a great song."
long time, Sherlock can function again. Sherlock and John can be Sherlock and John without any complications like
Craved danger.
"Me either," Sherlock agrees, curling fingers into John's fringe as he drops damp kisses to his jaw. "But I like it when you touch me. You can always touch me, John."
John had not prepared any questions or topics.
Fuck.
"Yeah," John sighs, looking slightly exhausted and a bit sad as he kicks at the snow. "I, uh, I sort of already thought we were together."
to beg like this before. And he doesn't know why he's begging now considering he has a very willing partner clinging to him just as desperately but for some reason this feels urgent. This feels
"Please," Sherlock murmurs. "Can we just… just stay like this?"
"But you'd leave," Sherlock whispers, finally finding his voice. "You'd leave in the mornings after you'd stay over."
down here," Sherlock grumbles, attempting to fold his arms over his chest while simultaneously keeping his full mug of hot buttered rum, with a splash of extra rum added to it, steady in his hand as he glares around the theater room in the basement. It's always chilly down here but that had somehow slipped his mind when he'd suggested John and he take in a movie down here after his parents had taken off to their event and Mycroft and Greg had disappeared to god knows where.
Does Sherlock care?
"You little bastard," Sebastian spits, "you don't know what you're talking about."
"What?" Sherlock snaps his own eyes up, blinking in confusion.
Oh Jesus
," Irene hisses with a huff of indignation. "You and I need to talk."
Irene sounds furious and Sherlock silently thanks her for it, throat threatening to close as appreciative tears sting his eyes. "He… technically nothing but he… he tried to. I, uh - I realized it before anything happened and I left."
"John, don't," Sherlock's voice had become so small. "I've done this once before, okay? The friends with benefits or casual dating or whatever else you want to call it, doesn't work for me."
Lestrade, to John's surprise, chuckled. "Good luck with that, kid. Sherlock is very difficult to keep things from."
John.
He misses Lestrade's knowing grin.
," John whispers brokenly, allowing the exploration to go on for a moment longer before pulling back almost violently, and rather painfully, the loss of contact making him ache in several different places. "We have to stop," he practically growls, barely able to look at the red-lipped, pink-cheeked boy splayed out in his bed without descending upon him all over again and snapping his resolve right in half. Even fully clothed Sherlock looks filthy, like something out of a dirty magazine, debauched and rumpled, spread beneath the sheets wantonly, practically begging for John to have him in any way he desires, usually light eyes darkening tellingly as he gazes up at John from beneath his long lashes.
It's Sherlock Holmes' favorite time of the year and he gets to be with all of his favorite people. How had he gotten so lucky?
"So, but you are - … sorry if this is rude, but you are
Sherlock strolled up the corridor, glaring daggers at Moran. "What exactly do you think you're doing with our young Dr. Watson?"
At any given moment, at anything that pops up unexpectedly, any new experience John suggests, Sherlock tends to pale and attempt to exclude himself. The parties, lunches, games, all of it Sherlock has been less than excited to participate, trying not to have to attend, attempting to find excuses, fighting before finally giving in every time and then throwing worried glances at John up until he's comfortable in the setting and everything else falls away.
That would only lead John to the obvious conclusion quicker that Sherlock is not actually interesting but just crazy, like all boys his age believe, and the excitement John exhibited whilst talking to Sherlock would come to a stop and a wonderful conversation like the one they'd just had would never happen again.
When they broke apart, John looked dazed, smiling lazily up at him.
One of Sherlock's many burning questions.
Sherlock has obviously never experienced pleasure before.
John touches Sherlock constantly.
The color that normally sits high in Sherlock's cheeks promptly drains away, his already pale face somehow going whiter. "What?"
His father frowns. "When you were eight?"
Everything.
"Of course it does, I planned it so it's going to be fucking awesome!" Mike cheers, his enthusiasm clearly not only a thing when he's drunk.
"He is a
He doesn't
John wasn't quick enough to catch the surprised noise he made that promptly turned into something of a groan as Sherlock slid a knee between his thighs and pushed his body flush against John's. He could already feel his hands fisting in Sherlock's shirt, forgetting all his questions and concerns and worries about where the hell he was and deciding he didn't give a toss. Because if he was with Sherlock, then truthfully, it didn't matter. He'd follow this man to the pits of hell with a smile on his face if it would keep them together.
They sprinted down the road, Sherlock ducking behind corners and buildings, coat billowing out around him, curly hair bouncing along for the ride.
No need for them.
"Not bad for a first timer," Mycroft grins down at his boyfriend and Greg returns a soppy look of his own.
John is always gentle with him but they've done little more than coming prematurely while rutting against each other's clothed bodies so how could he know that John would be… like
tell me you have supplies – I… I have nothing, I didn't… I didn't know – "
Link was nodding with intense agreement. "Hell yes, let's find someone for John!"
Truthfully, John looks a bit… disoriented? Or perplexed? Maybe a little helpless?
"Uh-huh," he replies raggedly, heels skidding across the sheets as he tries to lift his hips for more, his body opening itself to John like a flower blooming, thighs quivering with the effort to pull himself further open and higher up.
"Exactly what I said."
"Okay," Sherlock had replied excitedly.
Irrational fear runs down Sherlock's spine.
Sherlock is
"Are you okay?" John asked softly, his cheeks still twinged pink from the cold, his features soft with worry.
John grinned. "You mean how
It's Mycroft's turn to snort. "
The usual whoops and hollered hellos echo along the inside of the room as they enter and Sherlock nods his own greeting, avoiding eye contact as best he can even as Mike stumbles toward them already a bit drunk and Paul steadies him at the elbow with a laugh while the rest of the rugby team crowds around them, already planning to slip away unnoticed, maybe grab a beer and hide out until Mike wants to play Beer Pong, feeling off-kilter and uneasy.
be on.
John opens his mouth clearly to protest but Sherlock beats him to it, holding up a hand immediately. "Don't," he snaps, quite finished with this stubborn little game his boyfriend wants to play. He is hurt and he needs to stop acting like he isn't. "Just sit there quietly. I'll be right back."
"No, I just meant… sports," John attempts and fails to save himself. "I didn't think you liked them."
Not like he likes John, but that doesn't need to be verbalized.
, just
Mycroft sat very still for a long moment and Sherlock stared right back.
"Why are you here?" Greg demands, making his own thoughts on the subject very obvious and John has never been more grateful for his friend than right now.
"You're freezing cold, love," John murmurs, massaging the base of his lover's skull soothingly. "Can I put you in bed?"
Sherlock climbs in first, nodding in response to the cab driver's greeting, ignoring the knowing smile reflecting in the review mirror and waits as John gets himself situated. John, who slides into the taxi and promptly up against Sherlock's side, settling a hand on his knee so naturally like they've always been riding in cabs together for years, glancing around the inside before turning to watch the streets go by as they take off.
"Well, technically you were there," John replies thoughtfully.
"You said you were with some Victor in the library," John attempts a nonchalant tone and fails miserably.
John catches his elbow as he's on his way to toppling over, pulling him up to his feet again and laughing. "Careful there," he smirks, dismounting in one swift, practiced, perfect motion. "Wouldn't want that pretty face of yours getting dirtied up now would we?"
Then hands were closing around his wrists. "The fuck?"
. They act like they know me so well, like they know anything about me. It's
"You look at my face when you talk to me," Irene continues as though that's the simplest answer in the world. "Not my lips or my neck or my chest. You look right in my eyes. That's how I knew you were gay. No straight boy ever misses a chance to ogle."
"So you'll risk my humiliation just to satisfy your curiosity?"
toward the front door, Sherlock Holmes huffs a sigh of annoyance and shoots a glare at his university flatmate and current travel companion in one last feeble attempt to seem completely indifferent to this entire trip. He's probably failing miserably seeing as the butterflies in his stomach are currently soaring around his insides at the very sight of the house standing before him, but the solid effort is necessary. "It's just a cottage," he grumbles much less harshly than he'd meant to, "it's our winter home."
Sherlock pushes at Victor's torso, attempting to move away. "I'm not a baby, I just don't-"
John frowns. "Why?"
! So… so you're not…. You have had… you're not a…"
"Not in a million years will I ever let you lay a hand on me," Sherlock murmurs, even if the conviction of the words are hindered by the shakiness of them.
"Don't care," Sherlock grins. "Hand me the shampoo."
"Yeah, sorry about that," Sherlock snips back, never letting his eyes leave Victor's, automatic reaction to fight back rolling the words out of his mouth without a second thought.
We're having a constant lovefest on my
even as a prick of understanding stabs the base of his skull.
Sherlock ran his hands agitatedly through his hair and pulled at the curls almost viciously, chewing at his lower lip. "Dammit," he murmured to himself, his eyes darting around as if trying to find the answer somewhere in the air. "I can't. I can't. I don't know-"
"Yes sir," he responded instead. Moran sneered at him then turned and John followed.
Sherlock doesn't turn. He sits cross-legged in the middle of the wildflowers, dark curly head appearing rather severe in contrast to his delicate surroundings, a perfect metaphor of who Sherlock is. Domineering and serious on the outside, with a soft, gentle center that cares and wants and needs.
Sherlock was grinning. John's curiosity was endearing. "I like Chemistry. I find chemical reactions to be fascinating. Less so in a strict school setting but I think it'll further my career in the long-run. And no, my long-term goal is not to become a certified detective. I have no interest in being bind to the law. I plan to continue to be more of a consultant."
And just like that, just that single look, John lost his nerve entirely, spun on one heel and walked back out the door.
Sherlock let out a loud, belly laugh, shaking his head adoringly at John and grinning from ear to ear. "Bed, I think," he chuckled, reaching for John's hand. "I don't think the editor of the school newspaper sucking face with one of his writers in public would look so good."
John swallowed down the mixed emotions and slowly made his way to the library.
"What do people normally say when they see what you can do?"
"Hey, I'm not judging," she said, throwing up her hands in a mock surrender. "I did the same thing. But take it from me; you can move all you want, but you can't stop being a Watson!" She grimaced.
Oh Christ, it
He's staring lovingly down at his phone as another text pings in and the softness in his chest begins to heat up.
"Oh?" she says cautiously. "Well who is the lucky...person then?"
You, you bloody bastard.
"Come on, fifty quid is pretty good."
So John would be treating it that way.
Then shakes himself.
And, if he's honest, a bit jealous. It all looks so easy for this group. All getting along famously, enjoying each other's company,
Mike's smirk sharpened mischievously. "Finding someone new."
"You have no idea," John growls. "You're a bloody tease, Sherlock Holmes. An innocent little
Sherlock arched an eyebrow. "Gain trust. Get the others to believe you are harmless and well-meaning and a good friend. Get them drunk, for all I care. Just get them talking. When they aren't speaking directly to you, listen very carefully during meal times and locker room conversations. Anything may be significant. Anything unusual, even if very small, you must report to me. Understood?"
He walked home in the cold, refusing to bundle up his jacket tightly, hoping the cool air would seep into his mind and freeze his thoughts, or at least knock him out of the constant back and forth his mind continued to throw him into.
Is that why he's been ignoring John all day long?
"Of course. Sorry sir, thank you."
Sherlock's shoulders visibly sagged in relief, his face sliding into a smile that made John feel like the most precious thing in the world.
horse out, then turning around and protecting him. He doesn't understand why John is haunting his dreams and smirking at him when they catch eyes and why he fucking
And just barely stops himself from falling as his knees buckle.
"What is so funny?" the big baby in the room grumbles from where his head is mashed into his pillow.
"One of those days?" Sherlock murmured, breath ghosting against John's ear, standing just out of reach of touching.
Beaming adoringly down at his mobile so hard he hopes Sherlock can feel it through the phone lines, John can't respond quickly enough.
"You fought already Mikey and you're down by three," Greg laughs. "I think we should call-"
And sure enough, with a tiny sag of relief at another familiar face, Sherlock finds himself catching eyes with his third lab partner, the one he'd only seen hours earlier, the one that isn't altogether intolerable.
"Fuck," John breathes. "Are you sure?" His question contradicts his words by pulling Sherlock further into his lap, kissing his neck. "We don't have to. There are other things we can do, if you want. Or we can just watch a movie instead-"
The Watson parents must be truly awful people to not be shouting from the rooftops that they have an incredible son.
John could feel himself glowering.
"John?" Sherlock's soft voice comes from across the room and John turns expectantly.
to work with. Is this really it? Is it really over already? After one single beautiful night together, this is how it ends?
Not Sherlock's John.
"Sh'lock?" he slurred, his voice thick with sleep as he came to, trembling slightly from that delightfully dirty dream he'd just been having. And now Sherlock was here.
Lestrade grinned wider. "Right you are. Come on. Body has been moved, sent to St. Barts. We can go there next, but first, take a look at the scene."
It's terrifying.
"He's different, that John Watson. Great captain and all but those blue eyes and that motorcycle? Have mercy." Irene doesn't seem to notice she's staring at the wall in a dreamlike state.
And then John can no longer even manage to babble as the sea overtakes him, drowning him in ecstasy as he comes along the inside of his shorts, hips stuttering into Sherlock's hand over and over, riding his pleasure out until he can't hold himself up anymore, hearing himself moan quietly as he quivers and drops his head down to the pillow, his whole body giving out as his cock gives one last pulse.
Running a hand through his curls, Sherlock sighed, shoulders rising and dropping heavily. "I don't want to just... fool around or whatever it is you like, John," he said sharply over his shoulder. "I don't... I know you like casual and unattached but I can't be - I don't do that." He went to move toward the door, body already curling slightly in on itself, when John reached out to grab his wrist again. "This was a mistake."
And it's so…polite.
"I know why," Sherlock agreed, arching his neck to give John better access and peering over his shoulder to avoid any walls. "I hate it but I know why."
Mike had shaken his head. "John. You can't like Sherlock."
"Sherlock-"
John had spoken so many nights previous and he'd felt like it had been working. He'd felt like he had it completely handled. He'd felt like he could take everything as slow as John wished and be perfectly content.
"Damn shirt- stupid...fucking... just- oh! There it is. Hm. Perfect. Now the pants. Pants pants pants. Bloody freezing, Jesus. So cold. Sooooo cold…-" John had grumbled and Sherlock had curled tighter in on himself under his covers, grinning so hard his cheeks hurt as his precious roommate attempted to change while inebriated.
He shouldn't do it.
"What-
Sherlock nodded. "That and I never saw the appeal. Until now," he added, noticing John twitching a little beside him. "Now, I can see the appeal very much."
"You do know you keep yelling, right?"
It takes a moment to realize Sherlock is leaning over him, face crinkled in concern, eyes wide and round and worried, lips parted on his name and John actively unclenches his fists from where they'd curled into the comforter, shaking himself slightly. "Sorry," he mumbles, blinking away the pictures in his head.
"Sherlock Holmes is a fucking bastard," John slurred, sloshing the drink in his hand.
"I don't have all the details," Mike hurries to say. "Really, I don't. You… you need to talk to Paul, alright? He thinks you're mad at him, so you need to make the first move, here."
"Now what?" He murmured, afraid if he spoke too loudly, he'd break the spell.
, baby," John whispers harshly. "How… are you this… perfect…
He can't.
While processing the end of his new relationship, Sherlock was scanning John's face for any signs of distress or horror or fear or anything resembling any sort of discomfort.
"Yes, that's me," he said, attempting to produce a winning smile.
, the aroma of Mrs. Holmes' famous hot buttered rum mixed with the undertones of the fire surely crackling away in the sitting room making Sherlock's eyes flutter a bit with the familiarity of it all. The spicy scent of nutmeg and cinnamon swirl themselves in and the youngest Holmes can practically
"She asked for a ride home. I wasn't going to be rude."
He leaves out the part about John's limp and it disappearing after their first chase together.
Thank you for reading!!
And a bit fascinating.
That boy.
"I don't!" Sherlock argues, face reheating, terror rippling through him at the thought that anyone on campus would even
Lestrade nodded his head toward Sherlock's hunched form. "Just watch."
It made John glower with fury and jealousy and made the thought of drinking copious amounts of alcohol all the more enticing.
He's refocusing.
John hadn't explicitly said that, but he'd certainly implied it with all the meals he's brought back and all the nagging he's done to Sherlock to eat said meals.
"What are you doing?" John whispers, happy warmth spreading all along his limbs at the view before him, attempting to keep the quiet mood with hushed words and low tones, only barely keeping himself from curling around the genius like a vine.
He threw himself out of the club before things got worse. Sherlock was not John's bodyguard. He was not allowed to interfere in his life. He had zero right to go up to him and demand he not leave with that boy. Especially after John's confrontation earlier in the night. He didn't want to hear anything from Sherlock.
And funny.
He knows it's John driving that horrible little vehicle.
Sherlock nods. "Cyanide poisoning, to be specific," he says with a smug smile at Lestrade.
He releases a broken breath and John slides a finger into him.
He knows better than to believe that John could ever fall for him twice.
Sherlock looks like he's on the verge of tears, but he doesn't let them fall. He simply smiles. "Thank you for the best summer of my life," he says thickly. "Thank you."
wants them to mean. They
The look on Anderson's face tells Sherlock he isn't hiding his fear and the bully leans all the closer, disdain dripping off every one of his words, an evil little leer curling his lips. "I think maybe you're jealous, eh Holmes? Too pathetic and sad to have your own sex life so you've got to peep in on mine?"
"See," he says rather weakly, dropping the note back to the bed and resisting the urge to flop down on it and sulk.
As promised, Sherlock was an excellent teacher and John, perfect, stunning John Watson was a quick study.
John cursed his body and then his brain, then wriggled out of his shorts and pajama bottoms and tossed them in the hamper. He glanced at his clock. 6:30 AM. No way in hell Mike was up yet.
Or maybe it started ten years previously when John Watson had joined his class, sat down with him at lunch and shared his bag of crackers after peering into Sherlock's empty lunchbox, pouring two handfuls of crumbling crackers into his outstretched palms.
John's eyes widened. "Are you-"
John nods, still stealing glances to his lover making his way through the crowd as he follows behind Greg, narrowly missing running into his teammate several times, his pulse racing for a whole different reason now, his body suddenly buzzing with what's to come this evening, giddy at the idea of getting Holmes the younger out on the dance floor and showing him exactly what is done in the club.
"I know," Sherlock calls back with a smirk, trying not to grin too terribly hard at the fact that
Christ, he
Sherlock thinks he remembers hearing something about the team needing 'shaping up.' A new captain would do that. Stupid stupid. Of course he's a rugby player.
a bad boy. Breaking rules so you can come out into the dark with me. So you can
"Hm," Sherlock replies.
"Where's John?" His mother beams at him as he enters the kitchen.
And within the span of a single breath, Sherlock has no bloody idea why he thought this was such a magnificent plan in the first place.
THANK YOU FOR READING!! I'm terribly sorry this chapter took so long to get out, but I'm hoping and praying to have more time in the coming weeks! Thank you for sticking it out with me and I sincerely hope you enjoyed this chapter!
Greg raises a brow in frustration, eyes narrowing into a glare as he says, "Myc is going to lose his shit if I tell him about this and don't give him more information than Sherlock is 'Good and fine.' Seriously, is he alright? Nothing happened with Victor, right?"
Sherlock has experienced orgasms at his own hand plenty of times. He's young and curious and had figured no one else was going to do it for him so why not explore? He's come in his pants a handful of times before finding cleaner ways to wank, ashamed at the mess but able to shrug it off while alone.
– but he'd known hadn't he? He'd always known.
"Hm?" Sherlock mumbles in reply, still watching the storm swirl overhead. "Isn't it fascinating, John? I love rainstorms."
"I didn't know," Sherlock murmured, lips pressed to his ear. "I didn't know that's how you felt. I… I thought I was alone in my… feelings for you."
Not for the first time, Sherlock curses his inexperience in this area. Why can't he tell? Why doesn't he know if John likes him like that or not? Why is all of this so bloody confusing?
Sherlock would be curious too.
Licking his way down the fit line of the rugby player's hard stomach, Sherlock can't help giggling as firm fingers grip his curls just a little tighter, riding the shake of John's stomach beneath his lips as the blond twists and curses.
It wasn't just a single something. It was a whole bunch of somethings. A plethora of tiny incidents that culminated into a bubbling volcano, waiting impatiently to explode at anything. Simmering in its heat, climbing with intensity. Just waiting for a reason.
"Please, I am not going
"I like you too, John," His voice was nervous, and so damn sweet John had to reach back and squeeze his hand.
Sherlock is nodding without thinking.
What has he missed so spectacularly?
"Look," Harry continued, as though she hadn't just dropped those bombs on John's life. "My advice? Don't go back there. They've been pretending they don't have children anymore anyway, so don't worry about it."
Sherlock smirks, his legs shaking slightly beneath him and he leans back, planting his palms on either side of John's shoulders, taking some of his weight off of his thighs. He thanks his rigorous ballet practices for the strength in his legs. Who knew it would be such great training for sex?
"I love you," John whispers brokenly, his face equally as wet as Sherlock's, his eyes red-rimmed but still so bright and deep, his tanned cheeks splotchy. "I love you so much, Sherlock, so much."
The last words snap out before Sherlock can snap his mouth shut and he immediately feels the panic and uncertainty rise in his chest, threatening to strangle him and his eyes dart to John's to assess, to find out exactly how much damage he's just done with his rogue mouth speaking out of turn at its own accord.
He clears his throat. "What kind of experiment?"
"I missed you all day," John whispers into the space between their lips as he pulls back, tilts his head and goes back in, ensuring he's kissing Sherlock Holmes as thoroughly as possible.
It takes all of two hours before Irene is grinning up at him as they walk in to the studio after school, looking for all the world like the cat who got the cream, eyes glinting with knowledge.
"Why?"
"But I had said yes to going out-"
to kiss Sherlock. He's embarrassed because he'd
"Sherlock," Mycroft calls to him before he can get too far. His steps falter long enough that his brother continues. "Please, simply think about what I said. If anything seems off to you about Victor Trevor at any given moment, anything at all, get away immediately and call me. Please."
John nodded frantically, agreeing to whatever Sherlock wanted in advance as he watched Sherlock's eyes roam over his body. Sherlock hadn't asked him to tell him if he wanted to stop since that first night on the kitchen table, so this boded well that they may be trying something new.
There are no words for the feeling. Sherlock makes a sound between a whimper and a groan as John continues to lick him open.
"You okay?" John murmurs, feeling protective of this vulnerable boy beneath him, suddenly having no interest in fucking him into oblivion but making slow, sweet love to him.
"Sleep now," John hushes, dragging a hand through Sherlock's damp curls. "Football and shower later."
"Mycroft Holmes," Sherlock supplied. "Miserable bastard."
He wrapped his long arm around John's shoulders, pulling him into his body and cradling him against his chest. John went willingly, letting out a tiny sob as he came into contact with Sherlock's frame gripping one hand into Sherlock's coat, holding on for dear life as he silently cried into his teacher's chest. Sherlock felt his body shaking with quiet sobs, staining his shirt with salty water, and he placed one hand in his hair and soothingly carded his fingers through John's short fringe. He rocked him carefully, tightening his arm around his shoulders and laid his cheek against the top of John's head.
Then he goes completely still.
"Oh god, yes, I would have to agree," Sherlock chuckled. "Anderson is an imbecile on his best day."
He truly thinks that, Sherlock Holmes really and truly believes he's somehow fooled John for this long, tricked him into believing he is someone else, someone he thinks John wants, someone John could like.
"Poor dead sod, couldn't even let him keep his toes?"
It's the most sensual foreplay they've ever had, neither moving to go further, basking in the closeness, lingering in aching touches, leaving no body part untouched, no groan unkissed, trailing tips of fingers along wet skin, dragging tongues against damp lips.
"Sherlock, I swear, if you miss that bloody train, I will not cover for you with mummy," his brother hissed into the phone.
"Goodnight, Sherlock Holmes," John says with another smirk.
his roommate.
Although, John feels now that he cannot deny the fact that something has definitely shifted in the last week since the night of the party. Either that, or his mind has gone completely and utterly insane in the wake of that incredible comment uttered from the mouth of the boy he's become so increasingly attached to.
It made John's insides squirm uncomfortably and his shoulders droop heavily, like a giant weight sat on them.
It's a little crazy that the sight of this brilliant boy still sends John's heart racing, a fond grin already tipping the corners of his mouth upward at the view of his lover all long and lean against his sheets. He tosses his bag onto his desk chair and crawls up on the bed.
Still inexperienced.
It's not like Victor is wrong.
Someone likes him.
"Hm," John says, unimpressed with this excuse, laying a kiss to the corner of the seam of Sherlock's lips. "I don't like waking up alone."
He'd had the misfortune of meeting one Sebastian Wilkes his first day of university four years previous, by no fault of his own. At age sixteen, beginning university two years early, Sherlock sort of figured he'd be a target. Being the smartest kid in the room and having no qualms about flaunting it didn't exactly boost one's social status, especially when said smartest kid is just that- a kid. Older teens didn't particularly appreciate his brash personality or blunt deductions of which he has no issue rattling off, finding him rather off-putting and rude. He's never cared. He knows he's better, most of these young men and women simply jealous of his genius and unsure of how to handle his intelligence, their funny little brains no where near his level. He's comfortable with himself. Although, he hadn't realized how instrumental John Watson had been in fueling that confidence in him, always supporting him and loving him for exactly who he is, until they'd been separated by dreams and school.
Maybe Sherlock will be completely perfect by the time he walks up the path along the rugby field.
"These attacks are becoming more frequent and I need to know-"
"Oh god, I hope he does," John chuckles, "Do you know how many dinners we could buy with that money?"
Maybe Sherlock likes the attention.
in the Holmes' winter cottage at Christmastime.
"Are you alright?" Sherlock bit out, searching over John's face, his chest, his arms for any injuries.
And it's not right.
Attempting to be as nonchalant and uncaring as possible, Sherlock shrugs and mutters, "Piss off."
And it wasn't even that. Sure, he would have loved to lose her virginity to a gorgeous man like that. It sounded great in theory. But the worst was that Sherlock was bloody fucking
A team.
It takes a moment for that to sink in before the last piece of the puzzle slots into place and Sherlock can finally
They approached Sherlock's office building and John felt a slight dread creeping up his spine, knowing their impromptu meeting was about to come to a close and wishing so badly that it didn't have to.
Sherlock swallows thickly, feeling rather lightheaded as this blond boy reaches his hand out.
"Seriously, Mike, what is your deal tonight? You're being so fucking weird."
But tonight…
"Fuck, yeah I- Oh I… like it I like it… give it… to me," he's practically sobbing, his neglected cock suddenly thickening without being touched, thumping harshly against his stomach as he rides John faster. "Don't… stop…"
"Great," John murmured, wandering to the stack and settling his article on the pile. He hesitated for moment before letting go, frantically searching for a reason to stay in this office and find something to talk about. It was the only time during the week he had alone with Sherlock and making the most of it was something he thought about daily, constantly making a list of topics of to discuss which promptly disappeared every time he laid eyes on this gorgeous creature.
and now there are two very distinct topics that Sherlock cannot shake from his brain. Number one being: Has John ever used said tips? And number two being:
The crimsoning of Sebastian's face is immediate and the rest of his cronies give nervous laughs around him, knowing they shouldn't be enjoying their leader's embarrassment but unable to help themselves. Pathetic lot, all of them.
Sherlock's lips twitched. "Not quite."
A happy sigh escapes his lips as he watches John duck his head down, glancing at something Sherlock can't see in his hand. Sherlock's foot begins to tap itself against the tiled floor, wishing John would hurry up and walk inside so he could just see what was going to happen. See what John would do at the sight of him. See if he could get some questions answered.
Sally shrugged. "He just seems the type to take advantage, doesn't he? He totes around that tongue ring in his mouth and rides that bloody motorcycle. Seriously, what is that? Like he's trying to seduce the world but then turns down all interested parties. Not so kindly, I might add. Probably just takes what he wants when he wants it. Those types are like that. Only want it when it's not being offered. I bet he gets off on the unwilling."
"Now, we can start here," John murmurs, making good on his promise to teach this virgin boy the ways of sex. "I can get you off easily like this, with just my hand. I can jerk your cock until you come in your pants if that's what you want." He runs his thumb over the head and a guttural cry tears itself from Sherlock's lips. The boy sucks his bottom lip into his mouth and sucks, squeezing his eyes shut in concentration, clearly trying to keep himself from coming.
," John murmurs and another gentle kiss is dropped to Sherlock's lips, as if John can't keep himself from kissing him. "I can't because if this is… if this is all that I get, I need it to last. I need to keep this moment for as long as you'll let me have it. I don't want to stop-"
"So, the library and the labs, huh?"
"I'm sorry, Sherlock," John says. "I... I never wanted to hurt anyone."
"I'm…I'm sorry," he muttered. "I'll just- I'll go. Maybe you can pretend I didn't come here if I leave right now? And we can… we can go back to being friends in a few days? Once, you know, I check in to a mental hospital and all that." He attempted to laugh, but it came it as a choke and he turned to leave, his vision blurring slightly in panic.
, and calmly releases the ringlets wound around his fingers. He gulps for air, trying to re-center himself and take in what is actually going on here, eyes fluttering open slightly.
does Sherlock feel urgent, a desperation edging all along his skin as John's wet frame surges against his with still such gentle
." Every word he spoke was dripping with disdain. "I am a Teaching Assistant. Did you miss that while you and your friend were snickering in the back of the room?"
Link shook his head and pointed a finger at John without looking away from Sherlock. "No way. You always know where he is."
"You've got to be fucking kidding me."
to be ac-"
"I promise. God, I promise, Sherlock. I…I missed you so much."
"Okay, but what about those texts you sent me last week? How you basically knew my every move?" John inquired. He really did want to know. The messages from last week were still a mystery. Did he in fact have cameras all over campus?
John is already kicking off his shoes and unzipping his hoodie, yanking it off in one smooth motion. He crawls over Sherlock's body, pushing at his shoulders until the boy lays down, eyes still wide as saucers, body soft and waiting.
John couldn't look up. "I don't need anything. I'm fine."
His phone vibrated and he slowly pulled it out of his pocket, lost in thought.
Sherlock's eyes bulge. "How is that a good thing?"
This is probably the best time to be in here, anyway. While John sleeps.
(See the end of the chapter for
Finding himself grinning more often than not, focusing steadily on making each and every shot, chasing that applause, that praise as he sinks another ball into a red cup, Sherlock is certain he has never felt this way before.
"Well now that's just a bold-faced lie," Mike teases, nudging him in the ribs.
"Sod the dinner," Sherlock growls with a confidence he has no business having and John's dropping the takeaway into the entryway and kicking the door shut before either of them can think twice.
And when Sherlock's stomach bottoms out, all the confidence that Mycroft hadn't known what was going on with him dissipating in the span of single breath, it's not at the sight of his brother's boyfriend smiling happily up at them.
Sherlock allowed a subtle smirk to tug at his lips purposefully and then started in.
Swallowing promptly becomes impossible as Sherlock's throat runs dry, the praise coming from this boy somehow meaning so very much he can barely stand it. He nods, face burning with a mix of embarrassment and pleasure all wrapped into one. "Thank you," he mumbles and before he can stop himself, before he can truly think it through, he's swaying forward, stepping once, twice, just close enough to lay a gentle kiss on John's cheek.
Mrs. Hudson chuckles. "What, you haven't figured it out yet? University has done nothing for your deduction skills, I see."
He can't seem to find any words to explain that that isn't what he meant but it also might kind of be what he meant he supposes, so instead of saying anything at all, he simply gapes stupidly for long enough that John lifts a hand to lay against his cheek and leans forward with a soft laugh. "I think I like the sound of that," he whispers, pressing a kiss to Sherlock's cheek. He strokes a thumb along a red cheekbone once more before dropping his hand and glancing back to the menu, taking the pressure off of Sherlock to figure out something to say.
Lovely.
John snapped his gaze back to Sherlock, narrowing his eyes. "Don't be a dick, Sherlock. Because if you remembered graduation day like I do, then you wouldn't be asking me stupid fucking questions."
A dry laugh came from the couch and John shivered at the unwelcome sound, unwillingly turning toward the sound. "Mm, I get it. You're the boyfriend that protects John from his big bad family, aren't ya? So sweet." She turned to John. "He'll leave you, ya know. Just like dad is leaving mom. Just like Clara left me. We're too messed up for relationships, Johnny. Things never work out for people like us." She leaned back on the couch. "Like I said: you're a Watson."
Sherlock whirled around to face him, feeling his face darkening, anger burning in his throat. "
And Sherlock has never ever been happier.
"Yes," John murmured again, lavishing Sherlock's neck with wet kisses, lips becoming more frantic as he bucked his hips against Sherlock's rapidly filling erection. "God, yes."
The heart in his chest that's been constantly thrumming with a quietly deep affection for the blond boy living in his room kicks itself up a notch at the mere thought of the last two weeks and what they've done to the poor genius boy and Sherlock can't help but smile to himself where he sits at his desk in their room, pouring over his list and attempting to decipher which bits of information of all these pieces is the most important when considering how exactly he is going to go about keeping John.
Tears sting his eyes as he clutches John to him, thighs tightening into John's sides to keep him here, keep him as close as possible.
He has no interest in John's apologies. They are hollow and unfeeling and don't mean half the things Sherlock wishes they did.
Sherlock shrugs. "I actually don't know. I ran before Headmaster James arrived on the scene to haul me off to detention. The next day I got switched to another class."
"Hey love."
John snorts.
Link blinked and let out a slow breath. "Um. I… learned some...information this weekend." He was fidgeting, swallowing hard on his words.
"Nothing," Mike shakes his head like he wishes so much that he did know. "Paul's just been being really cryptic and weird and I… I think Victor is bad news. Like serious bad news. Something is definitely off."
"Hey, wait a sec-"
of all people."
"This part is the most sensitive," John says as he brushes a thumb over the head.
Who only has John.
"Do you or do you not find me attractive?"
And then Sherlock winked at him.
Eyes closing at their own accord, John quickly types out a message before he's no longer awake.
"Jooooohnnyyyyyy!"
The boy's smirk never slips.
"There it is!" Sherlock called over his shoulder as they rounded the corner. His strides slowed as they approached a rather unremarkable bench, John almost running into him.
Please.
Mrs. Hudson, for her part, doesn't seem the least bit concerned about the new boy overhearing their squabbling as she looks up and smiles, eyes widening ever so slightly.
The heat between them calms to a soft wave of pleasure, greedy urgent kisses cooling off to slow, tender touches, the look of reverent wonder on Sherlock's face worth every minute of waiting that John has done over the last two months.
Sherlock tugs his books free from his bag, tucking his precious mobile safely into his pocket to protect those loving words from his significant other away from the nasty trash Seb insists on spewing.
And Sherlock was absolutely impossible to read.
"I'm certain John can make his breakfast decision on his own, Sherlock," Victoria chided, but she was already pulling out the carton of eggs.
Neither of them made an effort to move away. They could have been there for hours, days, weeks and John wouldn't have noticed. Or minded.
"No fair!" John called as he heard a quiet chuckle and a closing of the door at the bottom of the stairs.
things as he loved to condescendingly announce to anyone who would listen. A boy who had no time for prim and proper society, though both his and John's parents lived the lifestyle, both families inheriting long lines of family money, sending both Sherlock and John to public school like the good posh boys that they were. But John wasn't an odd boy. Sherlock was. An odd boy. A different boy. A fascinating boy.
Laying supine along the bed, long legs stretched out and relaxed, fingers steepled against his plush pouty lips, Sherlock Holmes looks as gorgeous and as lazy as John left him this morning, spread out along the comforter like some tired king completely exhausted from his day of doing absolutely nothing.
She sobers and blinks at him. "I mean your heart, Sherlock. Are you being careful with your heart?"
"Beer Pong and football aren't the same thing, Mike," John rolls his eyes. "Besides, you're getting a little grabby with my partner and I think I'd rather you be a bit further from him." He throws a grin in Sherlock's direction and the genius boy attempts to huff indignantly while simultaneously fighting off the smile curving his lips.
The tightness in Sherlock's chest begins to loosen slowly. "A-And Lestrade? And all the other workers? They stay to?"
"Tell him 'hi'?" John glances up from his phone. "Not 'tell him he's creepy'?"
today.
want to date you," John replied fiercely, tugging on Sherlock's wrist. "Jesus, I want to
Because, John chanted his mantra in his head,
John's eyes widened in shock. "Harry?!"
It's too painful to watch him flounder. John gives him a break. "Sex?"
A soft, special smile turns John's mouth upward beautifully and Sherlock has to kiss it, has to taste that happy grin on John's face.
"And you are?"
The steady beat of John's heart stutters heavily as tiny cracks run through it.
John furrowed his brow. "What?"
He attempted to dip his hand in his pocket for his phone, but couldn't quite seem to catch his hand in the fabric, his arms feeling heavy as lead and decided it was too much effort.
John, for his part, is blinking back at him, happy smile ebbing away as he takes in Sherlock shocked stare. "Too presumptuous?" John offers uncomfortably. "I just thought-"
off."
, not when John looks so cuddly and soft in them making Sherlock want to snuggle up in his arms, press his face into the warmth of his chest or his belly and stay there forever.
The tiny hairs on Sherlock's body stand on end at those filthy words filtering into his ear from John's damp, delicious mouth and down into his bloodstream, vibrating him from the inside out with unimpeded want. "Yes," he whispers, remembering so many months ago, lying on his bed face down, arse in the air, reaching curious fingers down toward sensitive skin. It hadn't been unpleasant but Sherlock was certain he was missing something during his experiment, having read all about the prostate inside the male body and how it was supposed to feel incredible when touched.
what Sherlock needs, he knows he needs to be asked, knows he'd prefer a damn written invitation to be sure he's not crossing any lines or boundaries he's not supposed to, but John is asking and Sherlock is sure, immediately and without hesitation, courage storming through him, beating off all anxieties and worries and unknowns, because this is John and John will always take care of Sherlock, even when he needs caring for himself.
John is blinking at him, face frozen in confusion. Sherlock can practically see the wheels turning in his head.
"Yeah I apologize for not agreeing to be drugged," Sherlock growls, gathering his things from the floor and shoving them into his bag in an attempt to hide his shaking hands, fury and fear warring for dominance within him, the bite of Victor's words getting to him more than he'd like, not realizing how comfortable he'd gotten with not being spoken to like this since he'd come to university. "I suppose that's where this 'freak' draws the line. So sorry you didn't get the memo on that."
It was nice that they could often run rampant through the house without interruption, although John often felt guilty leaving Sherlock there alone. He spent many nights over to keep him company, his own parents only slightly less absent than Sherlock's.
"Tighten your grip," John instructs and Sherlock is encouraged that if he messes anything up, John will tell him. He obeys and glides downward.
Sherlock snorted. "Yes her, me and a dead body. How romantic. You are fully aware that I'm gay, correct?"
John had never been heartbroken before. Never had someone he loved left him without a word. John had never loved anyone before Sherlock. He'd had girlfriends here and there, sure, but they were nothing compared to Sherlock. To what he felt for Sherlock.
Then grabs his hand and drags him back inside.
Until his naked flesh pressed against Sherlock's.
But after that mind-blowing orgasm? His first and only one by the hands of another? No, he didn't want to ask questions like that. He didn't want to already begin the journey down the rabbit hole before this even truly began and gloss over the honeymoon period entirely. No, he wanted to remember that moment. The incredible, unreal moment of someone touching him like that for the first time. And not just anyone. By Sherlock. By Sherlock bloody Holmes with his smooth, talented hands, playing him like a fiddle and making him come so easily. Even the memory of it made him shudder and suddenly he was so glad to have waited all this time. The most gorgeous man he'd ever met would be teaching him, showing him, guiding him and exploring him and John was buzzing with anticipation. He would wait of course. He could do that. Because somehow, Sherlock's words range more then true: Waiting would be worth it. But that didn't keep John from daydreaming about the next time he could get underneath Sherlock Holmes. Yes, questions and the truth could wait.
himself fall in love.
"I want you," John whispered fiercely. "I'll tell you as many times as you'd like, but I want you. I want to be with you. All of it. I want it. With you."
He'll get to spend time with John when there isn't a teacher to interrupt their conversation or a Chemistry test John needs to pass.
"Actually," John says happily, "he said it's in pretty good shape. It was only a partial dislocation and they popped it back in properly. It'll bruise a bit and will be sore but overall I should be good to go in a few weeks." He shrugs his good shoulder. "It could have been a lot worse. But it still sucks to sit on the sidelines you know? The team needs me."
He kicks his helmet in frustration, running his hand through his hair.
John crinkled his brow. "What?"
Sherlock wonders what it would be like to just go and have a beer. Not feel the need to constantly be doing something. Not feel the weight of the world on his shoulders all the bloody time.
But he finds nothing.
It's a very real possibility that vomit may actually come out of his mouth. Even before the tears.
So why is a silly little dinner out in London making him so bloody
Link's eyes widened. "So?! Mate, our TA is Holmes!"
of this information.
"What types of cases do you work on?" John inquired.
A murmur of agreement races across the group, shoulders shrugging and heads nodding, a collective understanding that Sherlock Holmes is important and needs to be assessed by the team.
"I guess so," John replies, nodding as though deeply in agreement. "Or we could get it together."
"Well one of my friends said they let him do whatever he wants since he's like the youngest PhD student they've ever had or something. Since he's only 19 and not some 50 year-old guy, they let him do whatever he wants. I dunno, it's all fucked up."
He glared at Sherlock, aware the curly haired man wasn't looking at him but he didn't care. He was furious. That someone else had been on their knees for Sherlock. That Sherlock had allowed someone else to touch him like that. And if Link was to be believed, a magnitude of people had been allowed to touch him like that. And John had been denied that, more then once.
"What can I get you baby?" A dark-skinned man with blue eyes and long, purple eyelashes blinked a smile at him from behind the bar as John settled into a stool.
"That's so fucking adorable, I can hardly stand it."
John prepares himself, slicking his cock and positioning his hips between Sherlock's. He pushes the tip of himself inside, moving to hover over his lover, to make sure all is right, that he doesn't hurt him.
He'd forgotten entirely about why he'd come here in the first place.
The boy in his arms slowly comes down, body shaking slightly from the release, the grip on John's hair loosening. He spins on the wet floor and pushes himself into John, intertwining their legs and wrapping his long arms around John's shoulder, kissing him deeply, as though thanking him for the intense orgasm.
Round, cobalt eyes light up in his direction, practically blinding him with their brilliance. "Yeah?" John asks and Sherlock swears it sounds hopeful. "It's going to be a really good game."
Who else gets closet orgasms with John?
?" Sherlock snaps indignantly, though his features flush a pretty shade of pleasant pink. "
John blinked at him in surprise. Had he been yelling? The pub was crowded but not too loud. Why was he yelling? "Sorry," John stage whispered.
It feels
John stifled a laugh. "Ominous."
He'd figure it out. He would sort this all out, do his very best to pleasure and please and ensure that Sherlock did not get bored or annoyed or uninterested. He'd make it good. To keep someone like Sherlock Holmes, he'd have to.
John asks him at least six times a week if he's okay.
page! Come join in!
"Slow down," John whispered to the cabbie as Sherlock pulled into a car park, realizing there was no reason to be quiet too late. They crept passed the building Sherlock parked in front of and John watched as he made his way inside. "Drop me around the corner," John instructed and paid the cabbie as he followed the directions. He climbed out and made his way back to windowless building, glancing up for the first time to see a dimly lit sign blinking overhead reading
Mrs. Hudson barely says a word as he trots Balthazar around the course every day.
"Not as much as he loves Sherlock!"
"Jesus, John, I know that you know, alright?" he practically barks accusatorily, "It couldn't be more obvious, my fucking mother of all people has made good and damn sure that you are aware that I like you more than a friend. And I didn't mean to drag you here and play pretend boyfriends for Christmas, that wasn't my intention at all, but it's so obvious to my family about my feelings, they apparently find it hilarious to tease me about it with you. But it's
It's no longer liquid chocolate but instead warm honey that falls from John Watson's lips, his voice always the sweetest sound to the genius boy's ears, even on today of all days.
He stays silent the rest of the warm-up and if he sprints a bit too hard and yells a bit too loudly and tackles a little too aggressively throughout the rest of practice, he decides to chalk it up to excess of energy and not unnatural anger lurking beneath his skin.
Sherlock can't get close enough, his broken heart attempting desperately to put itself back together, leaping with hope and fear and uncertainty, needing John to nestle back inside of it and stay there forever.
"Fine," John replied, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's neck. "If you won't focus on me sucking you, why don't you focus on fucking me?"
Pausing in his ministrations against Sherlock's lips, John pulls back with an amused little smirk on his face, eyes gleaming mischievously. "Molly has a full ride to some uni in America already," John grins and Sherlock's jaw drops. "And the hearts weren't a fundraiser, they were just expensive so the school made us charge for them."
An opportunity he still apparently doesn't have the balls to take. "Oh," he nods, "and so you're…
Today is no different.
," his words turn into a moan as John licks over his pulse point. His eyes roll back in his head as John's mouth works his neck, sucking and biting.
Blinking away the last of the stubborn tears still stinging his eyes and staying as still as possible, hoping maybe if he doesn't move John might forget he's there entirely and leave without another word, Sherlock doesn't dare turn around, doesn't dare to
"Well, it's not so much the bees as it is the honey, right dear?" his mother asks as though she isn't currently working a plan to embarrass the hell out of him.
"You're home," Sherlock croaks, only just registering the happy tears rolling down his cheeks in twin, wet tracks. "You're… you're home is…is with me."
No. Not thinking about John Watson right now. Absolutely
All he knows is there is a single, constant point of warm contact between his shoulder blades the entire time as he coughs and pitches forward time after time, attempting to focus solely on John Watson's hand on his back while his body attempts to turn itself inside out.
HELLO EVERYONE! I hope you all are wonderfully well!! Sooo I know it's been an age since I've updated and I AM SO DAMN SORRY ABOUT THAT!! I feel terrible honestly, it's been a little crazy the last few months and I've just been bogged down with many a things, so I do apologize BUT! LOOK! A NEW CHAPTER FOR YOU! HOORAY! I so appreciate those of you who are still sticking it out with me through this, I am going to do my best to update more frequently and I wanna thank you very much for still reading!!
As though that single word sums up what they are to each other.
"It's fine," Sherlock says hurriedly with a flip of his hand.
and Sherlock makes a soft noise in his throat that can only be described as a growl.
Then he hugs him.
It was terrifying and exciting and uncharted territory for John Watson. It had been a long time since he'd wooed anyone. Since he'd put in the effort to get to know someone on a deeper level. To put himself out there and try. The attraction was there immediately, but John had almost forgotten that other level of dating. The part where you get to know someone. Where you ask questions and drop flirty subtext and smile shyly while talking about yourself. The level John had completely skipped with everyone else for two whole years, opting for quick and dirty, short and sweet, fucking and bailing.
John chuckles again. "You're a quiet one."
Then he grabs both Sherlock's hands, pulls him to a sitting position and pulls his shirt up. Sherlock looks a bit dazed but raises his arms compliantly, eyes now boring into John. "There we go," John murmurs and pushes Sherlock's now naked torso down on his back again.
John's eyes flit to Sherlock in panic and Mrs. Hudson continues talking.
"I'm ready," a quiet but strong voice spoke almost on queue and Sherlock turned to look at the owner of those words. He cocked his head, running through everything that could possibly mean, and coming to the obvious conclusion, his eyes widened. He trailed his gaze over every line and crease on John's face, watching for any involuntary muscle spasm or sign that he was pushing himself too far. Sherlock found no hint of discomfort.
"Sherlock? Hey, you need to stay awake for just a minute longer, okay? You're all wet. Let's get you out of these clothes."
hum of what can only be construed as understanding comes from the man beside him and Sherlock has the very real urge to punch his smug brother right in the mouth.
Oh god, that filthy little mouth, John isn't going to have to teach him a damn thing.
John pulls back, fighting against his animal instincts to grab and take and bloody
"You hated it, didn't you?" John's words are teasing and Sherlock glances over to see John smiling out at the street before them.
Oh god, Sherlock can't even look at him. He can't even lay eyes on that brilliant blond rugby player who just said the word sex and somehow expects Sherlock
Greg glares out into the sea of red practice jerseys, though his lips are trembling with the effort not to smile. "You're quite the slag, Captain," John cackles watching as Greg rolls his eyes and attempts not to let the laughter bubble over his lips.
"You know," Victor's syrupy voice filtered into his ears, "I hope you've really thought this through."
John gives him the entire taxi ride home to sit with his thoughts before the door closes them inside the four walls of Baker Street.
A fine shiver runs down every limb of Sherlock's body, reaching every nerve ending with a sharp zap.
Sherlock rounded the club with practiced ease, all be it this time was much more urgent, searching through the darkness, and coming up empty. He checked the hallways and the loo, and was about to pull out his phone to text Mycroft for an exact location on John, when an unsettling thought crossed his mind.
He can't resist the urge any longer and gives in.
"It wasn't until a couple weeks later I realized what it was. The Gallows look." Greg huffs. "A man resigned to his fate. Like the minute we do whatever I suggest is the minute I'm gonna realize this has all been a big mistake. That I'll realize he isn't what I want. That he isn't, as he so sadly puts it, worth it."
Also: This chapter ALSO ends in a cliffhanger but it's a much NICER cliffhanger than the last! Or I mean... I think so?
It makes something niggle in John's stomach uncomfortably and before he knows it, his thoughts have shot off into overreaction and he's helpless to stop it after a day of total silence from Sherlock.
"What is your problem?" John asked, suddenly exasperated. "Can you just spit out what you want to say? I'm getting really sick of this conversation."
He couldn't have been more wrong.
One can dream, John supposes.
"Fun?" John cuts him off with a smirk.
John licks his lips, shifting on the couch. "Uh-" he huffs a quiet laugh. "Maybe we start with something simple. What do you do for a living?"
Sherlock has been trying to sort out how to just
No, this is
When Sherlock had requested penetrative sex.
Are him and Irene friends?
John pouted. "I'm sorry but don't be-mad okay? Don't be mad at m-me. Your eyes get all-" he spun a finger at Sherlock's face, "all serious when you're mad and it's too sexy. I can't take it." John giggled again. "It makes me feel all... wobbly." Mm and warm inside. So warm. Angry Sherlock was hot as fuck. Did he tell Sherlock that? He should. "You're hot as fuck when you're angry. How are you at angry sex? Amazing, I bet."
And then John's lips part, pushing Sherlock's open as he goes and suddenly there is heat rushing into his mouth and down his throat, spreading into every space of his body in the span of a single heartbeat, filling him to the brim with an aching, roaring, all-consuming need to keep John's mouth on his for all time. He's terrified of it and he can't move, can hardly stand to take a breath for fear of losing this feeling. He stays on his side, stays huddled against his pillow, allowing John to take him over entirely.
John doesn't hurry.
"Yes, I realize that," Sherlock mutters, curls wilting in the wetness, face flushed a pretty shade of pink, from the cold or the running John isn't sure which. "I hate it when Mycroft is right."
Mike scoffed. "Oh right, I almost forgot what a pretentious prick you are."
"Okay okay, get out of here, all of you," Greg chuckles, waving them off. "And please, for the love of Christ Mike,
Or, not angry exactly. More like… shock? Outrage? Incredulity? Like Paul 'calling' John was a crime against them all. Like this was something really terrible. Like Paul had just committed treason against some sort of rugby team code.
Sherlock clears his throat, glancing down to the bag full of books on his shoulder, none of which are the ones he needs for the their project. "My notes are back at my room. Can we stop there on the way?" His
He swallows hard on a pained squeak as he bites his tongue. He has no idea if John was here for him or not. He shouldn't have said anything. It's so stupid, he should-
"Sure," Sherlock laughs, "that sounds like fun."
He watched as Harry inhaled deeply and then exhaled a broken, shaky breath, her lip trembling slightly. When she opened her eyes, they were damp, but she pressed on like nothing was amiss. "Like I said. I missed ya!" she attempted to keep her overly excited tone but was undercut by the surge of emotion in her voice. She blinked hard and tried to grin again but the look that crossed her face was a grimace mixed with sadness.
it feels good, it feels
"Uh-… yes?" Sherlock replies questioningly, like he's unsure if he's really answering such a moronic question, curls tilting slightly as he clearly cocks his head in John's direction.
He swallows thickly.
"J-John," Sherlock gasped. "I'm…if you want to start you… you can."
"Sherlock," John's voice cracks the slightest, and Sherlock shuts up immediately. "Sherlock, I…" John seems unable to finish a sentence, eyes trained on the notebook. He runs his fingers gently over his initials, breath catching as he traces the letters. "I… thank you." He glances up, blue eyes bright and shinier than Sherlock has ever seen them. "Thank you so much."
of course I want this - Christ, more than
Stars shimmer in his vision as John hits his prostate twice in a row. "Jo-ohn - oh- I- please, god I-"
So. Eyes ahead, thoughts in check, hands in pockets. Good.
And Sherlock's heart immediately breaks into several large, jagged pieces.
Ah, just like old times.
"Yeah, we are," John shoots back, body bristling. "Why do you care?"
Staring for a moment longer than necessary before a grin breaks out on his face, John is suddenly giggling, reaching for Sherlock's mug and taking it from his hands, depositing both of their cups on the coffee table before standing.
Sherlock takes the hint and pumps faster. "John," he breathes. "You look…very good like this."
