Steve was going to find out what happened to Tony after he disappeared from his bed in January, 1940.
As he stood there, Steve realized it could be him.  Maybe by showing Tony a piece of himself — something less than perfect, something vulnerable — maybe that’s what made things less difficult between them.  Before, it had been easier.  Steve was just Steve Rogers, 90 pounds soaking wet without any expectations to live up to.  And Tony had already known him, at least a version of him.
The words filtered over Steve, and it took a moment before what Tony meant snapped into place.  Steve’s eyes flew open, and he was on the edge of the couch before he’d consciously decided to move.  “What did you say?”
Enzo laughed.  “We’ll get you fixed up,” he said, gesturing to Tony’s stomach, “and even send you home with some for Bucky’s friend, Steve.  My wife made bolognese ragù — no meat of course, but she had some extra onion and carrots for it — and cucuzza with parmesan and breading.”
Bucky drew a deep breath and settled back down onto the couch.  “You’d better be right,” was all he said before he relaxed, his face pressed into Steve’s thigh.
believe that this will last forever.  So your mind and your body make sure you remember how to just get by.  Just in case.  And you really didn’t like it when Tony laid all of that bare for everyone to see.”
“Maybe you should have stayed in Iowa, if life is so good you can afford to replace socks instead of mending them,” Steve said.  The offhand comment made Tony’s cheeks warm with shame, and he ducked his head a little.  Steve walked him through the steps of making the loop outside the hole then weaving a patch on top with the thread.  They worked steadily through the socks in the basket until the pile was finished.
The blue of the arc reactor filled his vision as he focused on it, more beautiful than the numbers on the monitor.  Steve wanted to reach out and feel Tony’s chest, feel his warmth underneath his own skin, put his palm over the arc reactor and see the play of the light between his fingers.  He could feel it, the imprint of the metal casing, as though it had been burned into the tips of his fingers like his own fingerprints.  Tony’s own skin had been hot that night, the sweat over his chest gliding under Steve’s fingers, the damp and the salt still on his hand even after he had stopped touching Tony.
“I love him,” he echoed.  “But this version — it’s not the same.  This version is so — closed off and brittle.  Before, he was more open, less —“  Steve trailed off, unable to find the right word.
Steve’s thoughts felt cloudy as he stood back up, placing the lamp on the table.  Even though there were still nine days until Christmas, the air seemed thick with anticipation, a feeling he associated with the midnight mass on Christmas Eve.  He hadn’t been since before the war — it was a ritual he associated with home, with Ireland and his parents, and after the war — well, he hadn’t seen much point.  The comfort of the ritual had gone; it was hard to find solace in the birth of the savior after seeing the horrific ways people had come up with to kill each other during the war.
“Do you have any relatives named Tony?” Steve squirmed on the gantry, suddenly anxious.  He wanted to scream at everyone to stop what they were doing, to slow the bustle of work around him for Dr. Erskine’s experiment so he could put the pieces together.  There was something — a piece of information, something he’d failed to pick up on — just outside the edge of his awareness, and he knew that if he could figure out what that was, everything else would fall into place: where Tony had come from, the blue disc in his chest, how he had disappeared into thin air.
The failure of the joke settled Steve a little bit.  Ever since he’d met Tony after being found in the Arctic, the other man had seemed larger than life, unapproachable in a way that Tony had never been during the Depression.  Steve had given it a lot of thought, and it had taken him a long time to realize that, even in the Tower — his own home — he was always putting on some kind of show.  Mostly, it was the Amazing Tony Stark show, the media personality that flashed peace signs and made snarky remarks to the press.  As he became more comfortable, it morphed into the Tony’s Okay show, that Tony could work for days on end in his workshop, alone, barely eating or sleeping, until he staggered up to the penthouse and collapsed.
Some of his thoughts must have shown on his face, because Steve’s expression shuttered a little when he sat down and handed over Tony’s drink.  “Thinking about before?” he asked softly, his eyes meeting Tony’s, his gaze steady.
He wiped his face with one hand then rested it on the top rock of the cairn, the moisture soaking into the smooth red surface.
“Bucky said he doesn’t mind you sharing the bed while he’s at work,” Steve said.  “He also left you something more comfortable to sleep in.”  He led the way to the bedroom at the back of the apartment, which was simply furnished with two twin beds beneath the window overlooking the alley, a nightstand shared between the two, and two wardrobes, one of which was thrown open to show neatly hanging dress shirts and pants hanging on racks with a basket in the base and a few pairs of shoes.
“Ah — no,” Tony answered with a rueful grin.  “I was told to stay away from that much caffeine with my heart.  It also blows what little fine motor control I do have in my hand to shit.  Decaf latte would be great.”
He came out of the bathroom to find Steve waiting.  He muttered an apology, which Steve sleepily waved off.  Tony slid into Bucky’s bed, and Steve turned off the gas light when he came back from the bathroom.  “Good night, Tony,” Steve offered, and Tony heard his bed shift as he got comfortable.
But there was no letter.  The next day, her cough had worsened. The day after that, she started coughing up blood.  The day after that — the day before Tony visited to get the letter that wasn’t there and instead was given her wedding band, her St. Monica medal, and her calla lily pin — she bled into her lungs and either drowned from the blood or hemorrhaged to death.
He unlocked the apartment, and the door opened into a small kitchen with some cabinets and a counter along the inside wall forming a corner with another partial wall that divided the kitchen from whatever was on the side.  In the corner was the sink, and across the room was a coal fired boiler.  There was a window at the end of the kitchen, overlooking the street below, and a small room with a closed door on the other side of the partial wall that Tony assumed was the toilet.  In the open space across from the counter and partial wall was a table with four mismatched chairs pushed underneath and some letters on top.
Dimly, Steve was aware that Tony was talking to him, although he couldn’t sort out the individual words.  Blood was roaring in his ears.  The shy smile Tony had given him as he’d offered the monitor, coupled with the gesture of trying to comfort Steve, to give him data to help Steve understand that Tony was okay — that was more the Tony Steve had known from before than anything else Steve had seen Tony do in this century.
Tony had always been mercurial, and it wasn’t surprising why.  Steve had heard the story as a soldier in the Union army:  the brilliant munitions manufacturer, torn apart by the idea that he’d created weapons that had caused a significant portion of the widespread brutality and suffering Steve had seen during the war.  A man who, once he’d realized what his inventions were capable of, had shut down his factories and moved as far away from that life as he could.  Every soldier had heard the story, and the opinions about that decision among the soldiers had varied from begrudging respect to abject betrayal.  Steve had thought it noble, to take such personal responsibility for what had happened — but he’d definitely been in the minority.
Wrapping his arm up around his shoulder, Tony turned Steve to face him, his hands on Steve’s shoulders.  Tony sat on the concrete ledge and pulled Steve into him, bracketing his body with his arms around his shoulders and his legs around his hips.  Steve clung to him, burying his face in Tony’s neck, the tears coming freely now.
Tony ran through his options, which were pretty limited.  He could refuse, but he had no money, no normal clothes, and nowhere to go.  Or he could go with Steve and continue to have the most awkward experience of his life to date — which was really saying something — and figure out a plan from there.
in the 70 years he’d been frozen?  Had all those men died in vain on the fields of Europe in the 40s?
Tony pulled the towel off his head and dunked it back under the water.  Steve was sitting in the chair by the tub.  He smiled weakly, adding, “I’ve always been the one in the tub, not the person sitting beside it.”
Tony huffed out a laugh and held out his cup.  Steve tapped the rim of his against Tony’s with a sad smile.  “Hard not to, seeing you again,” he answered.
?” Steve said.  He leaned back to look up at her.  “It’s — it’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen.”
Using the wall to support himself, he forced himself back up.  Somehow Steve made it back down to his room.  He stammered out the command to Jarvis to lock all his doors and allow no visitors and slumped down against the window looking out over the East River towards Brooklyn.   He knew he was homesick for a place that didn’t exist any more, longing for a time that was long gone.  He felt empty without any more tears to cry, his emotions all wrung out.
“Better living through science,” Tony answered.  “Weren’t you here in 2012?  Familiar with the Battle of New York?   Red, white, and blue suit with a matching shield?  The Star Spangled Man with a Plan?  Any of this ringing a bell?”  He came to stand next to Steve and gestured to him.  “Captain America,” he added, just to make sure the guy got it.  “I mean, he’s literally in the history books, if you missed the movies, and the comics books, and the action figures, and the History Channel specials —“
His legs gave out, and Steve collapsed onto the bed next to Tony.  He wanted nothing more than to pull him close to his chest, as if that could keep him from disappearing again.  They watched the numbers together as they rose, Tony taking calm, deep breaths next to Steve, while Steve’s breathing came sharp and ragged, short breaths he shrugged to control.
Steve grunted when her fist connected with his stomach, more startled than hurt, and watched as she danced out of his reach.  “Natasha Romanov, did you just pull your punch?” he asked, incredulous.
Trying again, he forced the words out.  “My mother rode a mare, and she bucked at the sound of the gunshot.  My mother was thrown, and it broke her neck.”  Pausing again, Tony looked down at his hands, scrubbing his palms against his legs.  He hitched the blanket up a little higher on his shoulders, clutching at the fabric.  “My father wasn’t much to speak off — a drunk, harsh man who only really cared about three things: money, influence, and good whiskey.  If nothing else, he gave me my good taste,” Tony said humorlessly, waving towards the table where the whiskey was still soaking into the wood.
Steve stood slowly in front of Tony.  Gently cupping Tony’s jaw, he kissed his forehead in benediction, breathing in the scent of his hair and the faint perfume his soap had left behind.  Tony’s eyes fluttering shut, he sighed, his breath on Steve’s wrists, and reached up to wrap his hands around Steve’s forearms.  They stayed like that for a long moment, Steve’s lips on Tony’s skin, Tony’s hands on Steve’s arms.  The warmth of the room enveloped them, the soft light from the stove flickering over the walls and ceiling.
Tony got Steve to stand, and he wrapped him in a towel, gently rubbing at his hair, arms, and chest to help dry him off.  Steve was facing him when he lifted his eyes to Tony’s, the first eye contact he’d made since Tony had sat him down at the table three days ago.  He reached over, placing a wet palm on Tony’s chest.  “Can I see it?” he asked.
He eased Tony down into his bed and lay behind him, pulling the blankets over them.  Tony was stiff, and Steve could still feel jerky movements of his chest as he took short, sharp breaths.  Steve drew Tony into his chest, and Tony relaxed in his arms,  He rolled over, pushing his face back into Steve’s shoulder, his head pillowed on Steve’s arm.  Steve sheltered him in his arms, cocooning him in the warmth of the small room, their blankets a nest of comfort and safety.  After a long time, Tony’s breath evened out, and his tears dried.
Tony laying out the ring, and the pin, and the medal on the table and holding Steve as he cried over his ma.
“I drew it over and over again.  When he told me it helped him with a heart condition, I —“  Steve stopped, suddenly embarrassed.  Natasha raised an eyebrow at him, and he continued, “Well, I asked him if it would fix my heart too.”
He walked over and opened the door to the shop, holding it open for Steve.  Steve paused in the doorway, throwing one last speculative look at the guy on the ground, still holding his broken nose.  “Don’t tell Nat — she’ll probably kill him herself.”
The Tony who had fixed his radio and taken him to the Dodgers game; who had reassured him that Steve wouldn’t always be like this, that someday he would be able to do the things he dreamed of; who had brought home his ma’s things and held him as his world fell apart; who had helped him get back up when he thought he never would again.
Running his hand self-consciously over his hair, Tony felt a flash of vanity.  What did Steve really see when he looked at him?  The twisted skin on his right arm was visible where his own shirtsleeves were pushed up.  His fingers were no longer elegant and deft now that their range of motion was limited by scar tissue and contractures, not to mention the injured muscles and nerves in his forearm.  The scar tissue extended up onto his neck and the right side of his face, edging into his hair line.  There was white at his temples and streaked through his goatee and hair, which was still thankfully thick and curly.  His own face had a lot more wrinkles where it wasn’t scarred, the skin not as smooth as it used to be.  But he wasn’t
And maybe, if he were lucky, if he worked to wear down Tony’s sharp edges, this Tony might come to resemble his.
Steve felt his heart rate jump, the can of dough suddenly sweaty in his hand.  He didn’t want to talk about this.  His instincts told him exactly where this was going, and he could remember sitting on the couch that first night — the night he’d taught Tony to darn socks, god damn it — when Tony had brought home the pasta and squash and offered it to him.  Steve had been so hungry — it was almost payday for Bucky, but Steve hadn’t managed to supplement their income at all, so there was nothing left.  Tony had offered it to him, and Steve had known he should refuse.  It was Tony’s, and times were hard.  Who knew when Tony had eaten last?
Delirious from pneumonia, Tony had spent the day talking to someone named Jarvis, asking him for schematics, to adjust projects, and to run scenarios.  He would wave his hands in the air as though conducting an orchestra.  He also kept demanding smoothies from a dummy.  Every time he looked at Steve — really looked and saw him — he would call Steve Cap and ask why he was here.  It broke Steve’s heart every time.  He didn’t know how his ma and Bucky had done this for him so many times.  It was worse when he fell asleep, because at least if Tony were talking, Steve could make sure he was breathing.
“If it makes you feel better, I didn’t think I could have this either,” Tony said, continuing their earlier conversation as if they’d never left off.  He handed Steve a glass of sparkling water, which he took automatically, taking a long drink from it before realizing what Tony had done.  “I had Pepper, but only for short time because she didn’t like the whole risking your life thing.  I have Rhodey, but it’s not the same.  And then I had you, in the past.  It just turns out I need both you
It was so wholesome, Tony wished he had some way to document it for Pepper, because she would never believe it.
His mother’s family, still in Brooklyn, had held a mass for her in this same church, and he remembered crying during that service.  It had been quieter and more intimate.  There hadn’t been Senators and Congressmen, the President, and the Director of Shield, each clamoring for a moment with Tony to express their regrets and tell him how wonderful Howard was, how important he had been to the country.  That had only been family.  He remembered only a little more from that service: a warm hug from his Auntie Luc, one of his cousins singing
Bucky tried to undress in the kitchen, fumbling with the buttons on his jacket as Steve watched from the next room.  He sighed and got up to help, making Bucky startle when he silently appeared in the kitchen.
Despite being in the middle of the deadliest war in human history, Steve found himself content to the point where he almost felt guilty about it.  He had a purpose, and he could finally do all of the things his mind had wanted but his body had been unable to do.  And every time someone called him Cap, he thought of Tony and what he’d said when he was delirious with fever.  He looked for Tony; in villages and other units, on farms and in pubs, at strategy meetings and on the battlefield.  He never found him, but Tony’s words stayed with him.  Steve knew — he knew
Steve hid his own smirk at Tony’s comment.  “It’s broken, isn’t it?” Tony pressed, taking advantage of the small amount of ground he’d gained.  “There’s nothing wrong with my hearing.”
There was an easel in the corner with a sheet partially covering it, protecting it from the bright light from the windows.  Tony walked over, throwing a questioning glance over his shoulder, before he pulled the sheet off.
“You won’t believe it, but I just got off the train.  Got in from,” Tony floundered for a moment, before thinking of Barton and blurting out, “Iowa.  Iowa City.”  He looked down the alley and back again before grimacing.  “Guy must have taken my luggage too,” he added.
Steve took the monitor, which was dwarfed in his large hands, and inspected the numbers as though they would suddenly shift to worrisome levels.
Instead, he’d woken up here, with Tony so close — so very close — and yet still unreachable.  It was like they were on opposite sides of the Grand Canyon, with Natasha next to Steve, telling him how he could use the mud and sticks to build a set of wings and fly over to Tony, to reclaim what they’d had before.  Maybe it had been unspoken, and maybe Steve had imagined most of it — but it had been his.  It had made him happy.
“I’m just going to —“ Steve started, hooking a thumb over his shoulder towards the chair next to the hospital bed.
“Anthony Edward Stark,” Tony replied, taking his hand.  They both gripped, but this time it wasn’t so much a show of force as was an understanding.  “You can call me Tony.”
Bucky had rinsed off the straight razor and was washing his face again to get rid of the remaining lather when Tony plugged the radio in.  Static hissed through the speakers, and Tony didn’t miss the moment when Bucky turned around to look at him directly.  He turned the tuning dial, finding a station that was playing some kind of big bang swing.  The sound of brass filled the room, woodwinds providing the supporting chords underneath and a cymbal and drums keeping beat in the background.  Tony turned it up, ostensibly to check the vibration, until he was sure that the music could be heard drifting out through the open windows.
A few weeks later, Tony noticed a pattern of behavior with Steve that he found odd.  Jarvis was the first to clue him in, after making the observation to Tony that Steve would wait to place a grocery order until he was out of food.  Tony had Jarvis track Steve’s food orders, and he found that the super soldier seemed to prefer pre-packaged food that would last a long time.  It seemed a strange choice because, when he looked at the data Bruce maintained on each Avenger, Steve’s performance subtly improved after he ate with the team, whose meals usually were freshly prepared from scratch with raw ingredients.
Steve filled the tub with hot water and sat in it, soaping himself up, when Bucky burst in, pale with fear in his eyes.  “What’s wrong?” Steve challenged, getting out of the tub and dripping water all over the floor.  He grabbed the towel and wrapped himself in it when Bucky clutched his upper arm.
Steve hesitated, his hand hovering as he looked at Tony, seeking permission.  Tony nodded almost imperceptibly, eyes on Steve’s, and Steve traced the edge as he had before.  He sighed, covering the arc reactor so that the blue light came between his fingers, and leaned his forehead against Tony’s.  “We never knew what happened — you just disappeared.  Bucky had just come home and gone in to check on you.  A minute later, he went back in and you were just — gone.  I was glad he was home when it happened, because he would have never believed me if I’d told him that.  He’d’ve thought I was lying to him, that you’d — died — or left.”
“I’ve got to get cleaned up for work, but I’ll see how you’re coming along before I leave,” Bucky said.  He disappeared back into the bedroom before coming back out with the same cake of soap and a different towel.  He filled a kettle and placed it on the surface of the boiler to heat up before going out to the bath in the hallway.  Meanwhile, Tony dragged the radio into the kitchen, where he had some more space.
before he died or disappeared or whatever happened.  Tony had given him hope, that maybe he wouldn’t be alone forever once Bucky married, which of course didn’t happen either.  And with Tony gone and Bucky dead, Steve had crashed the Valkyrie into the Arctic Ocean.
“Are you done making assumptions about what I’m trying to tell you?  Are you going to listen to me now?  Because you’re being worse than Clint, and I didn’t know that was even possible!”
Bucky turned from the radio, still tuned to static, and gave him a dry look.  “You’re not an idiot,” he said.  “I know you have eyes in your head — you use them to watch him when he’s not looking.”
read your file.  You lived with your mother, then moved in with Bucky, then went to Camp LeHigh.  You travelled with the bond show before you liberated the 107th at Azzano.  Then you formed the Howling Commandos.  How many meals did you eat alone in that time?” she asked, her tone challenging.
Natasha shifted her gaze down to the shield, and Steve abruptly stopped moving it.  He flushed when she looked back at his face and resisted the urge to look away under her scrutiny.  “It
Steve just shook his head a little bit, trying to formulate the words.  How could he explain to Tony that he was mourning someone he’d never actually met?  Their paths had crossed only in the barest sense, a few moments of time where they had occupied the same block during the same catastrophe.  And yet — that moment hung in Steve’s mind and haunted his dreams.  The sudden realization of tragedy unavoidable, the sound of bone breaking against concrete, the monumental effort it took to turn away and leave him to the police and the paramedics, the trauma surgeons and the ICU nurses.
Steve pulled off his dog tags and put the St. Monica medal in Tony’s hand, curling his own fingers around Tony’s to keep it there.  He prayed to every saint he knew, murmuring the Hail Mary and the Glory Be, the Our Father and the Final Prayer.  He prayed to his ma and to Bucky.  He prayed to Jarvis and Dr. Erskine, to Peggy and Howard, that someone would intervene.
After a few minutes, he went back to the kitchen, grabbed the poster and one of his sketchbooks, and sat back down.  He compared the marvels advertised on the poster with the drawings he’d made of the thing in Tony’s chest.  None of them resembled that blue glowing disc.
Tony looked over at him, wide-eyed, and Steve felt his own eyes widen in response.  The Tony before him was the one from his bedroom, sick from pneumonia and gaunt from too little food and too much work during the Depression.  Steve could see the familiar hollows at his temples and under his cheekbones, his skin pulled tight over his face.  Tony’s eyes were also a little glassy, his skin sweaty, and Steve knew that if he were to touch Tony’s forehead, he would be burning up from fever.
Bucky moved off him, and they both sat on the floor together.  Steve didn’t even bother trying to hide his tear-streaked face.  Bucky pulled him over, and they sat with shoulders and hips and knees touching.  Steve sobbed, unable to stop himself, and Bucky offered him a handkerchief, which Steve used to wipe his face.
“No, she passed very peacefully,” he answered.  Tony looked up at Dr. Hudson, who glanced away and swallowed.
Natasha gave him a funny look.  “No,” she answered slowly.  “He was — but then he re-discovered vibranium to use in his arc reactor core.”  She hesitated before adding, “It was in your briefing.  Didn’t you read his file?”
The surprise was obvious in Tony’s expression, and he was clearly shocked by the anger in Steve’s voice as he spat out, “No thanks.  They just tell you everything’s going to be fine, even when you know it’s not.”
He could still see the light in Tony’s chest the night he’d turned twenty-one, watching it until he’d fallen asleep, only to wake up in Tony’s arms, pressed with his back against Tony’s chest.
It was a beautiful summer day, the wind blowing in off the ocean, when they left Malibu in Tony’s R8 and drove east.  The air cleared as I-15 carried them out of the LA Basin through the San Gabriel mountains.  Eventually the green pines and craggy cliffs gave way to desert.  The wind blew sand across the interstate, and Tony and Steve stopped in the ghost town of Halloran Springs to argue about whether to put up the roof.  Steve won, insisting that it wasn’t a proper road trip if you couldn’t feel the wind in your hair, and Tony conceded less than gracefully, grousing under his breath about sunburns and better living through the technology that was air conditioning.
Steve knew it would have been easy to just stop caring at that point.  But the things that Tony had said — both before he had gotten sick, about them finding a cure to his heart problems, and after, about watching over him and keeping him safe — they resonated in Steve’s head, playing over and over again.  Tony had referred to him as Cap, and the title seemed to burrow in his thoughts, unable to be dislodged.
Steve hadn’t helped many people out of their clothes, but he’d done it enough to sense that this was different somehow — infinitely more intimate.  Something had broken within Tony, that much was clear, and the feeling of a sanctuary, of ritual and anticipation washed over Steve again.  He could feel the warmth from Tony’s body in the fabric of his shirt as he carefully unbuttoned it and hung it over his, the faint scent of metal and smoke as he draped his pants over one of the chairs.
In the end, it was easier than he had expected it.  Steve heard the tears in Agent Carter’s voice, her own despair echoing through him and amplifying his own.  When he pointed the nose of the Valkyrie towards the water, his stomach swooped and dropped with the plane.  A calm spread over him as the blue of the water and the ice filled the canopy.
With a sigh, Steve approached him, his hands well away from his holsters, palms up and away in an unthreatening gesture.  “A little early in the morning for Christmas carols,” Steve ventured, aiming for a light tone.
“Yeah, I did,” Natasha answered slowly, and Steve could see her shedding her tiredness as she sat forward, curious about Steve’s sudden interest.
Tony wanted to roll over and protest, to remind Cap of the terrible things he’d done since he’d moved in, despite his best intentions.  But he was too weak.  So he just lay on his back and listened to Cap, oddly soothed by his voice.
Steve felt his apprehension spike up.  Something wasn’t right.  Loki was setting them up — setting Tony up — for something, and Steve couldn’t shake the feeling that they had walked right into the trap.
But the pressure seemed to build inside him, and Steve knew he couldn’t keep it to himself.  If his heart was going to break, he at least wanted to offer the pieces to someone else.
Tony’s eyes met Steve’s, and Tony couldn’t hide the confusion there, especially from Steve.  “You — don’t look right,” Tony said.  He shook his head, and Steve watched him sway a little from the movement.  “This isn’t Brooklyn.”
Steve felt his stomach sink, his instincts screaming at him that there was more to this situation than it first appeared.  Natasha materialized at his side, and Steve grabbed her arm.  He clicked off his comm, glancing over at her.  “I think it’s a bad idea for Tony to confront Loki by himself,” he said, and she gave a grim nod in response.  “I’m going to follow.”
He shook his head before storming back into the apartment.  The man in the uniform had taken off his hat and tucked it under his arm, the distaste back on his face at Steve’s interruption.  “As I was saying,” he said in a haughty tone, “you’ll get your orders in two weeks.  You have until then to get your affairs in order.  If you don’t present to the draft board at that time, you will be considered AWOL, and the military police will take you in for desertion.  I suggest you show up.”
Steve stood up and crossed back over to the window.  He looked back over the city as Ella’s voice swept over him, her deep rich tones soothing something within him, helping it to loosen.  As he listened to the music, he thought of those hot summer days in the tenement apartment with the radio on, after Tony had fixed it.  It wasn’t the same as the music he’d listened to on those long, glorious days, but it wasn’t all that different.
Tony was sweaty from the hot and humid July day in Brooklyn and felt warm from the sun in a way that let him know he’d gotten sunburned.  He stripped out of his button-down shirt and hung it up in the wardrobe where Steve had made space for his clothes.  He glanced behind him, through the drawing room into the living room, where Steve was still lying on the couch, motionless.  Steve had turned on the radio when they’d gotten back, and soft jazz filtered through the apartment like the late afternoon sun, motes of dust drifting in the beams.
“Can’t say I blame her,” Steve found himself saying.  It was like he was having an out-of-body experience, and he had no control over anything that was happening, least of all his body or anything he thought or did.  How did Howard and Tony Stark fit together?  Did Howard know where Tony had gone?
Tony swung the door until it was almost completely shut but didn’t latch it, still a little uncomfortable with the idea of shutting Steve out of his room when Tony still felt like a guest.   He had no idea how long Loki’s magic would keep him here, so he tried not to get too comfortable.  When Bucky was off, he slept on the couch, and he vowed that, in a few weeks, he’d find his own place.  Of course, it was a ridiculous thought, the way he’d slotted into Steve and Bucky’s life, like he really was the cousin from Iowa in the big city to find work.
Steve shuddered, a chill going down his spine.  He grabbed Tony’s arm and hauled him close, and Tony blinked, startled, at the sudden violent movement.  Tony’s breath was warm on Steve’s skin, the sharp smell of the alcohol acrid in the air between them as Steve inhaled what Tony exhaled.  Steve could see the reflection of the moon in Tony’s irises as they darted back and forth, focusing first on his right eye and then his left.
“Trying to get a hold of him?  Why?”  Steve looked at Bucky, and Tony could tell from his widened eyes and the way his breath started to come faster that Steve now had an idea what Tony was trying to tell him.
The silence seemed to stretch on for an eternity, so he added a little desperately, “Do you want more socks?”
“I’m guessing you’ve visited all of them,” Tony finally replied after a beat, his tone not quite a question.
The ritual of the service washed over Tony, and he felt as though he was lost in time, caught between the memory of his own parents’ funerals and the one he was currently attending.  Howard hadn’t been religious, of course, but he’d laid in state at the Capitol for his service to the United States.  There had been a funeral at the National Cathedral for Howard, but Tony only remembered seeing the Space Window when he came in and left and staring at the stained glass windows over the altar at the front of the church.
He walked back through the living room and poked his head into the studio, holding up the towel and soap.  “Done,” he said.
He could feel the activity in the kitchen slowly come to a halt.  It was like the feeling he got when he used to pick fights before the serum, when he knew what he had to do and the other guy was still going to kick his ass for it.  Time slowed in that moment, and he could see the trajectory of it, knowing what he was going to say, knowing what the other guy was going to do, which usually involved hitting him, knocking him down until either Bucky came or the other guy was satisfied he’d made his point.  Things were moving slowly, but like every fight he’d ever gotten into, it was already beyond his control when he realized what was going on, what was going to happen.  “I’m not sure what you mean,” Steve heard himself say.  “Do you not want me here?”
They stood shoulder to shoulder, Steve with his head down and Tony gazing out, eyes unfocused.  Steve wanted to know what he was thinking, what he was seeing — because all Steve could see were the soldiers he couldn’t save, the failed missions, the times they showed up a little too late.  The other civilians in New York who were just going about their day.  Coulson.
What the hell were they even fighting for?  It was always important, so incredibly important, so that someone somewhere could have a little more power, pretending to control the Tesseract.  Did that person even care who died?  Did it matter that everyone else had to give up something so that one person could have a little more power?  A power so incomprehensible it could tear open the heavens and destroy a person in mere seconds, that it could melt through metal and survive being dropped thousands of feet into the ocean?
Tony shook his head under the towel, struggling so badly to breathe between the anxiety and the pneumonia that he couldn’t muster the strength to talk.  “Here,” Steve said, plucking the towel off.  He positioned Tony so that he was in the middle of the tub facing out.  “Put your arms here,” he said, arranging Tony’s arms so they were crossed on the rim of the tub, “and rest your forehead on your arms.”  Tony followed his directions, looking down at the water with enough space to help him breathe a little easier.  Steve draped the towel over his head, shoulders, and arms.  It worked just as well to trap the steam without hanging over his face.
It was Bucky who answered.  “It was his ma’s,” he said quietly, making Tony look over at him.  “He couldn’t bear to part with it, even if it didn’t work.  She made the afghans too.”
Steve blinked slowly.  It took him a long time to muster up the words before he asked, “How long did it hurt?”
The bio form even helpfully named the thing in Tony’s chest as a miniaturized arc reactor.  It included a picture of the metal armor called the Iron Man suit.  Steve spent hours looking at the form, tracing the outlines of the figures in the pictures, unable to open the file.  He knew they were the same person — they had to be.  After seeing the Tesseract rip open the heavens and tear Schmidt away, Steve knew that anything was possible — but time travel?  Steve’s mind rebelled against the concept even as he was aware he hardly knew enough to have an opinion.  It was also hard to maintain his skepticism knowing that he himself had been born in 1918 and had survived being frozen for almost 70 years.
“Steve — Just Steve now,” he corrected, and he reached a hand out and gripped Tony’s right forearm.  The skin there had limited sensation, mostly just impressions of hot and cold with little pain or vibration to speak of.  Steve’s hand, however, was hot — he’d always run hot, side effect of the serum — and Tony could feel the heat radiating from him more intensely than anything he’d felt in that arm for a long time.  He gasped a little at the shock of it, and Steve let go, jerking his hand away.  “I’m sorry,” he said in a rush.  His hands ghosted around Tony, wanting to comfort him but unsure how without touching him.  “I didn’t think — does it hurt?”
“I fixed Enzo’s overlock machine,” he said, gesturing to the kitchen.  “He sent me home with some food in return.”
Tony braced himself and looked up to find Steve Rogers peering at him with a combination of concern and weariness.
There was freshly fallen snow on the ground, and it continued to fall, the fat flakes swirling around him as the wind blew down the street.  Steve shivered from the cold, and he could see there were no fresh footprints leading from the building.
Soft instrumental jazz was playing over the speakers, and Steve was standing by the floor-to-ceiling windows that looked out over Manhattan.  He was facing east, where the top of the Chrysler building dominated the view.  Tony walked over, a little apprehensive about what to say.  He came up even with Steve, who didn’t turn to face him, but kept some distance between them.  “Look, Steve, I —“
The only thing that remained intact was his mind.  And on the 71st day in the hospital, he decided he didn’t want to live that way any more.  His last request was to go outside one more time.  He’d grown up in the Adirondacks, spending more time outside than in as a child, and he wanted to feel the sun on his face and the wind in his hair one last time before he died in the ICU.
But loneliness.  Grief.  Those were things Steve was intimately familiar with.  They had originally come with him from Ireland, when he’d been forced to leave a home and family he’d loved to come to America.  America, where he’d buried his beloved ma.  Where he’d fought in the Civil War against men he’d worked with and trusted, where he’d seen such brutality and suffering he thought he couldn’t stand it anymore.  The same loneliness and grief reflected in the face of a man who would rather drink on December 16th so he could spend the day with the local sheriff than face them on his own.
The look she had every time she’d been told to move and instead demanded that the other person move instead.
Opening his eyes, Steve scooted closer to the records in the milk crate.  He thumbed mechanically through the albums: Harry James, Benny Goodman, Frank Sinatra, Glenn Miller, Ben Pollack, Jack Teagarden.  Others he didn’t recognize: Nat King Cole, Ella Fitzgerald, Billie Holiday, Louis Armstrong, Etta James.  He pulled one of the Ella Fitzgerald ones out at random and put it on the record player.  The pop and hiss of the needle came through the speakers, and then the sound of an orchestra filled the room.
He lay on Bucky’s bed in his boxers for a long time, watching the lights from the alley and the street play across the ceiling.  He hadn’t bothered putting a new shirt on once he’d gotten back to the bedroom, as the apartment was hot and stuffy.  He saw the lights shift when Steve soundlessly pushed open the door.  Tony expected him to go to his own bed, but instead he came to Tony’s and jostled him over so they lay on their sides, facing each other.
“Yeah.  Nothing.  Just the instinct that keeps you alive because you’re a fucking super soldier.  I bet you’re right, nothing’s trying to kill you and, by association, me right now.”  Tony looked around one last time, but the scene was just as picturesque and unremarkable as before.  “I didn’t bring the suit, just so we’re clear.”
Steve tried his best to get his life back on track.  Between losing his ma in October and Tony in January, he knew it would be easy to just give up.  He could still remember sitting in the grass at the Evergreens Cemetery, telling Tony about his ma and how she always got back up.
Tony pulled off his jacket, pulling the packet out from the pocket.  He put it on the table and covered it with his hands.  “Steve, you know Bucky asked me to go to the hospital for him to get your letters to your mother and pick hers up,” he started, feeling like he was obviously delaying the inevitable.
particular inflection would be filtered out by the suit.  It was never a good sign when Jarvis started making those kinds of adjustments.
Steve nodded under her hand.  “It was easier then, for some reason.  He doesn’t let anything go, doesn’t let his guard down, and I don’t know how to get past that.”
He filled the sink up with cold water and stripped out of his long-sleeved shirt and gray undershirt, both of which were dirty and sweaty.  The arc reactor glowed reassuringly from his chest, and Tony couldn’t help but tap his fingers against it.  He did his best to rinse out his shirts, making as much lather as he could with the soap in the water.  He cleaned them and hung them over the edge of the tub, hoping they would dry quickly.
Steve grabbed her arm, stopping them both short, and spun her around to face him.  “Wait,” he said.  “What did you say?  He’s dying from palladium poisoning?”
Even when he had nothing, he’d had Bucky.  Bucky, who helped him pick up the pieces every time his life was in ruins.  Bucky, who helped him up and cleaned him off when he got his ass kicked in parking lots and alleys, behind diners and movie theaters.
“The appropriate response is ‘Thank you, it’s exactly what I wanted!’” Bucky said, making himself a cup of coffee from the hot water on the boiler.  He turned around and leaned against the counter.  “Or we can go without you.  I’m going to take a nap before we go — you can decide how much of an ass you’re going to be about this while I’m asleep.”
Steve stepped away from the counter, and he tried not to look at Tony’s face as he moved past — he really did — but he saw the desperation, the pain and fear in Tony’s eyes.
“Whatever,” Tony said contemptuously, already losing interest.  He stood and brushed his hands off on his pants as though they had something unpleasant on them.  “I think
It was Steve’s turn to laugh at that.  “They would have been unstoppable.  The world wouldn’t have known what hit it.”
They ate in companionable silence, and Tony realized he wanted to apologize for what’d he’d done with the socks, even though obviously this Steve would have no idea what he was talking about.  Steve finally broke the silence.  “So I guess you got in with Bucky?  I doubt he would have introduced you to Enzo otherwise.”
Reaching into his pajama pocket, Steve pulled out the slim silver band with a small emerald set in it.  His ma had told him it was the only piece of jewelry she was able to bring from Ireland when she fled after fighting in the Easter Rising.  He’d carried it with him ever since Tony had given it to him.  The St. Monica medal was his to wear for the rest of his life, and the calla lily pin he’d given back to her, a token of her time in the
Tony pushed that thought aside.  He wasn’t sure how he got here — beside magic — and he certainly didn’t have any great ideas at the moment on how to get back.  It was a big enough problem to get clothes that he could wear without attracting an unreasonable amount of attention and money to eat and provide himself shelter, even if that ended up being pulling his weight with Bucky and Steve.
The sob welled up within him and escaped before Steve had even processed that it was coming, and he felt the tears on his face, already cold and drying in the wind.  He buried his face in his hands, ashamed.  He was a soldier for fuck’s sake, a veteran of one of the most horrific wars ever fought by mankind.  It was just one more person, right?  And Tony was right — it wasn’t realistic to think he could save everyone.
Steve struggled with the largesse of living in the Tower.  Jarvis — and what a marvel Jarvis was in and of himself — assured Steve that he would be happy to order whatever Steve needed to be delivered to his suite.  It was difficult for Steve, however; he wasn’t used to charity, and while he realized that the cost was insignificant to Tony, it mattered to Steve.  But when he tried to shop himself, the experience was too overwhelming.  Department stores had hundreds of people, and that made Steve uneasy, especially once he realized he hadn’t seen crowds like that since well before the war and possibly not even since he was eleven years old, before the stock market crashed.
Tony pulled away just far enough to look up at Steve.  “I’m the one who promised him we’d do this some day,” he said, suddenly serious.  “We’re both doing this for him.”
They made their way back to the couch and lay down, Steve with his head resting on Tony’s chest.  The tears came for a long time for both of them, and Tony could feel the tension ebb from Steve’s shoulders as he finally set down so many of the burdens he’d been carrying for so very long: the loss of his mother and Tony and Bucky; the loss of the world he’d grown up in and known; the loss of the Commandos and Peggy; the loss of any sense of home and belonging.
In that frame of mind, he bought a bottle of Jameson.  As he climbed the stairs up to the fourth floor, he hoped that Bucky was both home and awake.  The radio was playing, as always, when Tony pushed the door open, the horns starting to build over the bass line.  The kitchen was empty, and he was tempted just to leave the packet on the table for someone else to deal with.  That was pretty cowardly, though, and Tony knew it.  He did leave the bottle of Jameson, however.
The people staffing the concierge were very helpful in pointing him to the bank of private elevators at the back of the lobby, and with Jarvis’s assistance, Steve found himself riding up to the floor Tony had set aside for him personally.  The elevator opened out into a well-appointed hallway, and his front door led into the living area of an apartment — his apartment, he supposed.  There were floor-to-ceiling windows that lined the east and north walls.  Steve abandoned his bag on the floor, drawn to the view of the art deco top of the Chrysler Building just east of Stark Tower.  When he looked north, he could see Rockefeller Center to the northwest and part of Central Park beyond.
Steve woke up the next morning, his face smashed into the crook of Natasha’s knee.  She had slid down into the couch and was curled up against the arm.  He was still exhausted but felt lighter, as though he’d been hollowed out and part of his burden removed.
Steve wouldn’t admit it, but he was relieved when Fury showed up at the gym.  Fury gave him another file folder, another stack of papers, and Steve found weariness and irritation quickly welling up to replace the relief when he saw the picture of the Tesseract tucked in the pages.  Had the world learned
The train pulled away from the station, and Steve watched until he couldn’t see it any more.  He thought of the now empty apartment, and the form Dr. Erskine had given him stamped 1A.
Natasha startled, a flash of surprise crossing her features before her expression shifted into a more neutral look.  She ran a hand through her wild hair, fluffing it up.  “Steve, you really ought to ask him,” she said after a long pause, settling back into the chair.  She pulled her legs up, wrapping herself tighter into the blanket.
Tony would have known how it was possible, and he would probably have been willing to explain it to Steve.  But he couldn’t ask Tony.
The sun rose slowly, lighting up first the sky, tinging it with pink as the red rock reflected it, before the beams crested the North Rim.  Steve sighed and sniffled, wiping his face again as he stood.  He went back to his campsite and packed up his things.
After that, Tony did his best to stay out of Steve’s way.  He had Jarvis tacitly track what Steve preferred to eat in the common area and order it with his groceries, but they didn’t discuss it further and Tony didn’t personally monitor it.  Tony also had Jarvis stop tracking any other information about Steve.  He began to work through dinner to give Steve some space.  He dumped all of the information Jarvis had collected about Steve’s eating habits into Bruce’s data files and wiped it from his own.
Tony made it back across the hall by leaning heavily on Steve, who put him to bed in his own bed.  Bucky watched from across the room, where he was pulling on his work boots to head to the Navy Yard.  “You don’t look so great, pal,” Bucky said and, while he was trying for light-hearted, he fell pretty short of the mark.
“We still can’t cure falling from over a hundred feet into an icy cold river,” Natasha said, mimicking his gesture of looking around.  “Neighbors are less friendly.  You know more about your old ones than the current ones.”  She pulled out her cell phone and waved it at him.  “People would rather spend all day looking at these than talking to each other.  If you could — would you go back?”
Steve drew a slow, trembling breath and came back to himself, standing outside in the cold December wind, the full moon hanging above him.  Tony was studying him, his expression shockingly clear for how much whiskey he’d already had.  Shoving the bottle back at Tony, Steve jammed his hands into his pockets, feeling the back of his neck warm even in the crisp air.
“You may not feel like you can do anything about it,” Natasha answered, “but that doesn’t mean it doesn’t matter.”
Loki’s voice was much quieter, but Steve could still follow the conversation.  “That’s not what Thor tells me — and he gets his information from Heimdall, so I’m sure it’s correct.”
“He built that first arc reactor in the cave — the one in the picture on the front of the Shield file — and then he used it to power a version of his Iron Man suit to get him out,” she said.  “The one he has now, he built to keep him from getting palladium poisoning.  That’s how I met him — I posed as an SI employee for Shield while he was figuring all of that out.”
Steve rolled his eyes.  “You got the line wrong.  It’s ‘Every bond you buy is a bullet in the barrel of your best guy’s gun.’”
Steve huffed out a sob, scrubbing a hand over his face.  When he opened his eyes, Tony was still there, asleep, with the monitor beeping reassuringly in the background.  His breath came rough and heavy, and Steve struggled to control it, not wanting to wake Tony up.
The laugh was quieter from Tony this time, and they lapsed into silence.  They drove on, the lights of Las Vegas shimmering in the distance even in the middle of the afternoon.  “It kind of feels like he’s with us,” Tony offered, glancing back over to Steve.
It was a painting, half-finished.  Tony was slumped over, in his final armor, his right hand still in the gauntlet with the stones in place, clutching at the arc reactor.  His skin was slack and grey, his eyes, barely focusing, the burn marks up his neck and face.  His head was slightly tilted to the side, looking out from the painting at something to his left.  Tony was outlined, but the painting was only half colored in.  Tony reached out, running his ruined fingers over the dried paint of his face, along the scarred right side.
“You okay, big guy?” He asked as he leaned against the wall next to Steve, bracing his hands against the ledge.  “It’s not like you to skip a meal.”
A watercolor of his workshop, the blue screens thrown across the scene, the suggestion of a dark-haired person in the middle, his arms thrown wide.  A technical drawing of the plates that made up the abdominal wall of the Mark XLIII.  A painting of all of the iterations of the arc reactor.  DUM-E with a cloth ball in his claw.  Another watercolor, this time of the schematic Tony had used to show remains of Jarvis’s code after he fought Ultron.  The iron gauntlet with all of the Infinity Stones.
Steve startled, knocking the bowl of popcorn off Natasha’s lap and scattering it all over the floor.  He threw off the blanket and scrambled into a sitting position before Natasha grabbed his wrist.  “Pneumonia?  Antibiotics?” Steve said, a little frantically.  He tried to pull his wrist from Natasha’s grasp, but she wouldn’t let go.  “Is he okay?  What do you mean, observed in a medical facility?”
He’d always found it such a comfort, something he could cling to — Tony wasn’t dead, just gone back to wherever it was he’d come from in the first place.
Tony laughed again as they went out the front door onto the street.  Bucky kept up an easy stream of conversation as they went, and Tony was surprised to find he seemed to know
Steve leaned his arm on the cool glass and propped his forehead against it, closing his eyes.  He could see New York City in his mind, the one he remembered.  The scaffolding around the Chrysler building and later the Empire State building.  Steve had marveled at the construction of both, the immense effort that first brought the limestone from Indiana and then hoisted it a thousand feet in the air.  He thought of the effort it took to build those skyscrapers, the determination that had taken the buildings from concept to plan to reality.
It was easy for Steve to fall into the rhythm of a mission — a clear problem to solve, the team working together to get there.  His mind focused down to that set of tasks: get to the giant, contain it so that the NYPD could evacuate the park, then subdue it.
Everything crashed back into place again as the suit fell, the sound and the movement and the chaos, and Steve staggered, feeling his knees weaken with the force of it.  He watched the Hulk catch Tony in midair, elation bubbling over as he watched the two crash-land onto the street.  His knees gave out, and when he realized Tony wasn’t breathing, panic rose within him, the moments stretching impossibly long.  Steve felt like he was watching Bucky fall all over again, the image overlying the view of the Manhattan street, the Iron Man armor lying motionless in the middle of it.   Then Tony gasped back awake, and relief burned through him, washing away the panic, followed closely by exhaustion and disbelief.
Steve startled badly at Tony’s voice, having almost forgotten he was there in the comforting process of preparing the fire for the next day.  He reached out a hand to steady himself, yanking it back when it came in contact with the hot metal of the stove with a hiss.  Clutching his hand to his chest, he watched, wide-eyed, as Tony poured water from his jug into the washbasin and held it out.  Steve eased his hand into the cool water, grimacing at the sharp contrast with the burnt skin on his palm.
Tony felt Steve stiffen and gently squeezed his side as he said,  “Look — you’re what?  Twenty?  Thirty?  I’ve got bad news for you, buddy — this neighborhood has been like this for decades.  It’s not like ‘we people’ just changed it.”
Tony tipped his head to the side, obviously confused.  He reached for the bottle of whiskey again and took a long drink from it.  “I don’t understand you,” he said, his voice hoarse from the burn of the alcohol.  “Aren’t you going to arrest me?  Put me in the cell?  For being drunk and disorderly?”  Tony gestured angrily with the bottle towards the door leading to the front of the building, where there were two cells with the courtroom beyond.  “Why are you doing this?” he said, the irritation clear in his voice.
His hand came up between them, and Tony nodded, his eyes tracking the movement before looking into Steve’s.  Steve traced the metal casing, warm from Tony’s skin, a little sticky from the salt of his sweat.  The air came out of him in a rush as he covered the arc reactor, relief and joy crashing over him like a wave, carrying him under.  He leaned his forehead against Tony’s and closed his eyes, glass and metal and cotton under his hands, the smell of Tony — salt and sweat and coconut and Ivory soap — in his nose, the ghost of Tony’s breath on his face and neck.
All of the color drained from Steve’s face, and he focused on his whiskey, carefully setting it on the table before his hands went still on either side of the glass.  The silence stretched out long and uncomfortable between the three of them, and Steve sat completely motionless, his chest barely even moving as he took short, shallow breaths.
“I found Tony in an alley in Brooklyn.  In 1939.  I was twenty.  He fixed my ma’s radio,” he added a little hysterically.  Steve swallowed and flexed his fingers against the glass.  Once the words started to come, he was unable to stop them.  “He fixed the radio, and Bucky agreed to let him stay.  He made a living fixing things for people.”  Steve closed his eyes and leaned his forehead against the cool glass.  He could see it all so clearly in his mind.  “He treated me and Bucky to a Dodgers game for my twenty-first birthday.  I got drunk that day, and it was the first time I saw the arc reactor — except I didn’t know it had a name then.  I taught him to darn socks.  He was the one who told me my ma died.  He used to go with me to lay lilies on her grave.  He got pneumonia, and he probably would have died except he just — disappeared instead.”
After the game ended and the sun had set, Steve rode his motorcycle back to Huntington Beach and sat in the sand south of the pier.  The waves crashed against the shore, the moon leaving a long jagged band of silver across the water, and Steve could feel the humidity in the air from the ocean, feel the wind coming in cold off the water even though it was the end of June.  Despite the moving air, he was still overheated, his skin damp and clammy from sweat, and his shirt clung to him after sitting in the sun during the game.  His dog tags and the St. Monica medal were hot and sticky against his skin, under his shirt.   He closed his eyes, letting his head sag between his shoulders, leaning so far over that his forehead was almost pressed against his knees.  He let the sound and smell of the ocean wash over him, and a sob slipped out.
Exhaustion washed over him, and his mind drifted to what Tony had said, delirious with fever and pneumonia, caught between two centuries, confused as to why the Steve before him was so scrawny and unimpressive when the Steve he’d left behind was so much
The days fell into their own rhythm over the next few weeks, and Tony was a little surprised at how easily he adjusted to life in 1939.  His handyman work was steady and, although he didn’t make a lot of money because people didn’t have a lot to pay him with, he felt he was making a killing through bartering.  He became the main source of food for the household, and most of the meals came pre-made, continuing the trend started by the Carbonells.  Enzo was so grateful that his overlock machine was working again that he gave Tony a second pair of pants for cleaning and oiling his other sewing machines, everything custom tailored.  Tony hated to admit it, given how much money he’d invested in his clothes, but he liked these clothes and felt they fit better than anything he’d ever owned.  Bucky had also helped him pick out a pair of shoes and a hat to complete his wardrobe.
A couple hours later they were both sprawled out on the mat, staring up at the ceiling.  Natasha was breathing hard, one arm thrown over her face, and Steve could feel sweat pooling underneath him on the mat.  “Feel better?” Natasha asked him, reaching over to the edge of the mat to throw a water bottle at him.
Tony’s breath came softly in and out, and Steve heard the quiet glug of the whiskey as he took another drink, the pungent smell drifting between them.  When Steve opened his eyes, Tony was watching him closely again, the bright sheen of unshed tears glimmering as he blinked.  Steve towed him the rest of the way back to the courthouse, steering him around to the back door and hustling him into the living quarters.
The exhaustion won out, and Steve felt it creep over him.  With it was the calm, like what had settled over him on the Valkyrie.  This time, however — this time was better.  It was the calm that came with knowing that, whatever happened, Tony would be with him.  They would watch over each other and protect each other.  He didn’t have to be alone any more.
His stomach dropped, and Steve knew — completely and without any doubts — that this was the moment.  This was the moment he’d wondered about since he’d woken up here, the moment he’d agonized about and analyzed and torn himself up over.  In a few seconds, Tony was going to crash land in an alley in Brooklyn in 1939, and Steve — a younger, scrawnier, confused Steve — was going to find him there.
“No, I’m okay,” Steve answered softly.  “I don’t think I’m very hungry anymore though.”  He stepped away from the counter, the rolls forgotten, and Tony watched as he walked away, disappearing into the stairwell to go down to his floor.
He got to know Natasha much better, and it didn’t take long for him to realize that he could learn just as much about her by the things she left out, the holes in her stories, as he could from what she said.  She hadn’t lied when she’d told him she’d grown up poor too; she talked about the cold winters in Moscow when she was little before she went to the Red Room, hidden away deep in the Caucaus Mountains.  She’d seen it as a way out of poverty and want, but life there had only been marginally better.  As she grew up in the Red Room, she saw the skills she learned there as a promise that she would always be able to take care of herself, no matter what else happened.  It was a sentiment that resonated with Steve — even sick, he’d never wanted to be a burden.
“It’s not so bad,” she conceded.  “I guess I’m surprised — I thought you would have preferred to go back.”
The bottle hit him right in the middle of the belly, and Steve curled onto his side, laughing uproariously at her accuracy.  “You know,” he said as he gasped between breaths, “I actually do.”
“The radio,” Tony answered.  “You listened to it all the time.  And then you stopped after your mother died.  Did you ever turn it on again?”
Bucky just sighed in response.  “I know you want to save the world,” he said, the exasperation clear in his voice, “but it would have been nice if you had a little more money to do it.”
The couch was more comfortable than its appearance would have suggested.  He settled onto his side, looking out towards the radio and the window.  He took some deep breaths, hoping for a moment that he would wake up back in the tower in his time but not really believing it was possible.  He fell asleep shortly after that, the adrenaline from the fight and finding himself in Brooklyn during the Great Depression having finally seeped away, leaving only exhaustion in its wake.
So after they met at the Bethesda Fountain and sent Loki and Thor back to Asgard, after Tony and Steve shook hands and Steve felt like Tony’s touch burned his skin, Steve packed up his motorcycle and left.  It was the freest he’d felt in a long time.  He simply left behind the apartment and everything in it; it all had been purchased by Shield anyway.  Steve was surprised at how liberating it was — he’d never walked away from anything before.
Bucky sighed, the levity of the moment draining away as reality set back in.  “Look, I don’t know what happened.  Maybe it’s one of those miracles your ma always talked about.  I think the best we can do is hope that wherever he is, they have something that can make his lungs better.  Maybe even his heart.”
“Uh, guys?  I could use a little back-up,” Tony sub-vocalized over the comms, feeling panic start to rise within him.
Tony had to admit — he was impressed.  There wasn’t even a crowd, but Bucky worked it as effectively as Tony had at any charity function he’d ever attended.  Bucky had an encyclopedic knowledge of the neighborhood and its residents, and he utilized it effortlessly.  Not only that, he introduced Tony to everyone, somehow working into every conversation how Tony was a cousin who’d just gotten into town from Iowa and had already fixed their radio.
But the doubt still lingered in Steve’s mind, insidiously creeping in at the edges.  The smell of Tony’s sweat and fever was still in his nose, and it was easy for Steve to recall the musty feel of the bedroom in the tenement apartment when Tony had been sick, the humid heat from the radiators that warmed the building, the perpetually damp feeling of the blankets and sheets even when they were clean, the contrast of the chilly hallway with the hot steam of the bathroom when Steve had helped Tony bathe, that first day he’d been unable to go down the stairs on his own.
He sweated and shivered with the fever, tossing and turning in the sweaty sheets.   At times, he would wake up, finding himself on an unfamiliar narrow bed with the shittiest mattress he’d laid on in a long time — seriously, how had he gotten
When Tony woke up again, the light from the window had lengthened across the floor, and he guessed it was late afternoon.  He could hear voices in the kitchen: the lower rumble of who must be Bucky with the slightly higher counterpoint of Steve.  He lay still, shamelessly listening.
So the staff at Bellevue Hospital had moved heaven and earth — and one helicopter — to make it happen.
But the other part of his mind knew that was all a bunch of bullshit.  This Steve also took up more space than he should with his small frame.  Tony had seen it the second he’d looked up to see Steve peering down at him in the alley.  This Steve had taken control of the situation, and he had no doubt that, when he walked back into the apartment, Steve would have some kind of plan to get him back on his feet.  This Steve had offered to bring Tony home, to help him and take care of him, even when he had barely enough for himself.
Tony felt his own eyes fill up, and he rubbed Steve’s shoulder.  “She was the bravest person I ever knew,” he said, “and I don’t know how to get up after this.”
Steve took the sketchbook back and opened it back up.  They looked at the pictures he’d drawn of Tony together.  “I asked him if it would fix my heart,” Steve said after a few minutes of silence as they looked through the drawings.
Natasha made a sympathetic noise deep in her throat.  “So that’s why you didn’t want to read his file,” she said at last.  “How did you find out he doesn’t like getting his face wet?”
Steve felt his hands begin to shake at the memory, and he carefully set down the rolls next to the baking sheet, bracing his hands on the counter to keep the others from noticing.  “You can just ask Jarvis.  He’ll take care of it for you,” Tony continued on, unaware as the panic mounted, the tightness settling in Steve’s chest.
Natasha tucked her hand in the crook of Steve’s arm and led him back to the couch.  She settled in the corner, still nestled in her blanket, and pulled him down, his head against her thigh.  She gently scratched at his scalp with her nails.  “You loved him,” she then said, no question in her tone.
Steve set his cup down on the table and tipped his hands to the side, weaving his fingers together as he sat forward.  “Tony — Pepper gave her my information when she started it.  We’ve been working very closely together on it.  I contributed quite a few pieces for her to use.”
It had never occurred to him that getting what he’d always wanted might be more complicated than he thought.
Steve rode past Tony’s house in Malibu on Point Dume, stopping to marvel at its huge windows looking out over the Pacific and the beautiful architectural lines from below on Big Dume Beach, this time taking care to stay well away from the water.  He wondered at the life Tony had built for himself here, the place that by all accounts Tony considered home more than Manhattan.  Steve couldn’t help but contrast it with the time they had spent together in Brooklyn, a time that never failed to suffuse him with warmth and contentment, even with all the hardships of the Depression.  Was Tony happy here?  Was this house also full with friends and family, laughter and happiness?  Were the memories here ones he looked back on with fondness — did he come back to them, returning to them when he was tired, or lost, or lonely?  Had he worn those contours smooth, finding comfort in them?
Howard’s file had been next, and, while his death in 1994 sounded like it had been tragic, Steve was also proud of him for building Stark Industries into a premier organization.  Maybe he never did perfect that flying car, but between Shield and SI, his life too had been successful and fulfilling.
Tony stood outside the Guggenheim, adjusting his scarf as he watched the crowds bustling by.  Morgan had invited him for lunch.  She was in the middle of curating an exhibit of functional documents as art: blueprints and architectural drawings, doodles that turned into buildings or robots, designs that became technology now commonplace in the pockets of people around the world.  At her insistence, Tony had lent copies of some of his own designs: the arc reactor that had started it all; the Mark VII, the prototype he’d worn to fly the nuclear bomb into space; some of the architectural drawings used in the remodel of Stark Tower when it was destroyed in the battle of New York; a schematic of the arc reactor casing from the suit he’d used the day the Ebony Maw had come to earth.
Steve reached out and put a hand on Tony’s knee, the warmth soaking through the fabric to his skin.  “What —“ Tony had to stop, his voice rough with emotion before he could continue, “What did you contribute for her exhibit?”
Tony put his hand on Steve’s back, and Steve could feel the warmth sear his skin through the cotton of his shirt.  “Well, if it’s on you,” Tony said, his words almost lost in the wind, “then it’s on all of us.  You’re not alone anymore, and if we’re going to help you fight the fights, then we can help you carry this load too.”
Steve punched him in the arm.  “You sound more like Buck than me when you do that.  They tried to drill it out of me for the bond show.”
Tony gently placed the tags back against Steve’s chest and felt Steve’s fingers brush against his bare skin.  “God, Tony, you were so sick.  I was sure you were going to die.  And then when it happened here —?”  He shook his head, pulling away.  “I couldn’t watch it a second time.  I thought I could — but I—”
“Do you want to see?”  The earnest look was back, and Tony felt his heart flip a little in his chest.   Somehow, he’d thought over the years that Steve would have stopped having that effect on him — the ability to surprise Tony with his vivacity, to find the beauty in small things.  Even when he had been out of his mind with grief, when he’d first been found, Steve had always had those moments — finding something to ground himself with, something everyone else had overlooked.  He knew how to slow Tony down, to get him to reengage: a snack when he’d been working too long, a game with DUM-E, a little doodle.
“Don’t crumple it,” Steve replied, taking the poster from him before he damaged it.  “I don’t know.  It’s not exactly him — but it sure looks close enough to be a relative, don’t you think?  Especially with the name?”
his brain offered up.  But he knew that Steve would only be insulted by such a comment.  He supposed he should be grateful that Steve had taken the food at all, instead of insisting it was Tony’s for his work.
Steve threw the punch with his left hand, abruptly cutting the guy off.  He staggered back, covering his face with his hands, blood dripping through his fingers, until he tripped and fell onto his butt, skidding up against the brick wall.
Jarvis tried to talk to him a few times, but Steve just ignored him, not even registering the words.  It wasn’t until he felt the warmth of another person next to him that he shifted, his muscles stiff from sitting in one position for so long.
Steve continued to talk about the Chrysler building as he looked out the window.  He tried to find a connection with Tony, some kind of common ground for them.  He could sense Tony at his side, feel the warmth radiating off him.  He tried to reconcile the two men he had known, the harder, flintier one here with him now versus the one he had gotten to know before.  Something had to change — there had to be some kind of give.  Steve just didn’t know what it was yet.
After a very long time, Steve’s eyelids closed.  His wheezing had stopped, and his breaths were coming in long, even draws.  He was awkwardly propped on his chair, Tony partially supporting him, his hand still on Tony’s chest.  Bucky met Tony’s eyes from behind Steve and mouthed,
And now he had Tony, this Tony, who rubbed him so raw because it was the false hope over and over again of having
“Enzo, my friend!  I don’t need a suit, but I did bring my cousin Tony.”  Bucky had taken the other man’s hand in a handshake before gesturing to Tony, who also shook his hand.  “Enzo Carbonell, meet Tony Stark.”
Like the back alley fights, Steve couldn’t resist taking the bait.  He knew it was a terrible idea, but at least he could pretend he was in control of the situation by making Tony say it again.  At least Tony would also feel terrible.  “When I do what?”
“Why would he talk to you about us?”  Steve could hear the surprise in Tony’s response, as well as something else: uneasiness.  It was Tony’s voice he heard over the comms, but Steve knew from experience that
“That’s what they teach you in the Army though,” Steve replied.  He looked back out over Manhattan.  “It’s this tacit understanding.  It’s why you study all the old battles and tactics.  It’s why we have mission debriefs.  It’s the idea that if you do everything right — no mistakes, everything in order, one right after the other — then everyone lives.  That’s the goal, right?  No man left behind.  No casualties.  If we just do it right.”
He should have died on the Valkyrie, not been frozen and recovered only to wake up in 2012.  The sounds and lights from Times Square had been overwhelming, and Steve had blinked at Director Fury, unable to say anything more than he’d had a date.  But the apartment they’d given him in Brooklyn — it was even worse than the noise and chaos of Manhattan.  Someone had clearly spent a lot of time trying to make it comfortable for him.  It was laid out in railroad fashion, much like his tenement apartment, but everything was just
Steve noticed — Tony could tell by how his eyes were rounded and obviously followed him around the room.  Not that it was hard to tell where he was — his wheezing was consistently worse than Steve’s on a bad day.  It was the day when Tony couldn’t even get down the stairs to go to the bakery that Bucky stepped in.
Steve joined her in the doorway and felt his breath come out in a sharp gasp.  Tony was curled up in the hospital bed asleep, a light blanket pooled around his waist.  One of his hands was covering the arc reactor, which gleamed faintly through the cotton of his t-shirt.  He had a nasal cannula in his nose, and there was a clear liquid hanging on the IV pole.  The IV pump itself offered up the name of the drug — Zosyn — as well as its dosage and rate.  There was a monitor over the bed, showing his heart rate at a comforting 68 while he slept, his saturations a little low at 93%.  It beeped in time with his heart rate, the pitch sometimes varying up or down as the saturations fluctuated on the monitor.
“See, Pepper tells me it’s not really an apology if I focus on being right,” Tony answered, trying for some levity.
Tony had never seen Steve in his underclothes, let alone naked, and he felt that, even with everything he knew about Steve Rogers and Captain America, he was unprepared for the sight.  Every knob on his back stood out from the nape of his neck down to his tailbone, and Tony could count every single rib.  His shoulder bones were clearly obvious, shifting under the skin as he rested his arms on the sides of the tub.  His belly dipped in between the sharply defined inverted V of his ribcage and the bowl formed by his hipbones and pubic bone.  Every bone of his arms and legs stood out in sharp relief.
One afternoon, he came into the common area after working down in his workshop.  He was in an excellent mood — the upgrades for the Stark OS were coming along nicely, and Pepper had told him that there were a couple of green energy contracts that they were close to signing.  He was two weeks out from his last board meeting with at least three weeks until the next one, and for once it was looking like he might have some good news for them.  He was even caught up on his paperwork for Pepper and had answered all his critical emails.  He wandered into the kitchen in the common area to make himself a smoothie — he was even being responsible and feeding himself without Jarvis having to remind him, thank you very much — and then wandered out to the living area to find Steve on the couch, Ella Fitzgerald crooning in the background.
Steve crowded him close to the window, putting his hands in the hip pockets of Tony’s jeans and pulling him close.  “I can’t tell if you’re being sarcastic,” he whispered in Tony’s ear, nipping at his earlobe, “or actually complimenting me.  Would you like me to punish you for being mean, or reward you for being nice?”
“And what of you and your new makeshift family?  I hear that all is not as picturesque as it could be.”  Loki tsk’ed at him and smirked.  “Adoptions are tough — I should know.”
“Aren’t you going to put me in the cell?” Tony asked, breaking Steve’s reverie.  Steve looked to Tony’s face, the afterimage of the flame within the lantern still burned in his vision.
He fell asleep, surrounded and protected by the three loves of his life, each different: talismans against anything that could go wrong tomorrow, when Steve’s entire life would change.
“‘Til the end of the line,” Bucky said, but Steve could see he didn’t believe it, at least not in that moment.
The moment dragged on until he knew they had to close the portal. — and with that knowledge he also knew he would never forgive himself for it.  His mouth worked, but it was too dry to produce the words.  He swallowed, trying to wet his lips, before he could force anything out.
It wasn’t the Steve Rogers he knew.  This was the five foot, four inches, ninety-five pound man with a laundry list of medical problems that would prevent him from enlisting in the US military in the future.  Tony could hear him wheezing softly even from the distance he was away.  His clothes were clean but worn, and he looked tired.  Tony found himself staring, at a loss.
The day after, Natasha found him in the gym, pounding a heavy bag as hard as he could.  She came around the side of it so he could see her coming towards him.  She rolled out her shoulders, flexing her neck side to side.  He stopped as she approached, breathing heavy and conscious of the sweat running from his scalp down his back, his tank top sticking to his skin.
He reached Denver, where the mountains rose up from the plains, dominating the western edge of the city.  Steve followed I-70, winding his way through small mountain towns, snow still on the peaks even in May.  He took Loveland Pass and stood on what felt like the top of the world at the continental divide.  He detoured off I-70 towards Leadville, taking the highway north to what remained of Camp Hale.  Steve spent a long time contemplating the signs that warned hikers about the historic military weapons area and looking at the concrete structures jutting up from the valley floor.  He said a silent prayer for the brave men he’d met of the 10th Mountain Division, whom the Howling Commandos had assisted in Italy near Nago-Tarbole in 1944.  He could feel Bucky’s presence at his shoulder, also paying his respects.
Homesickness washed over him, and he longed for Brooklyn during the Depression, the tenement apartment, with its shared bath and small rooms, the radio and the boiler, his drafting table and his art supplies.  Maybe it wasn’t as lavishly appointed, maybe it lacked an AI butler who would order him anything he wanted at any time of day or night, maybe he had alternately been too hot or too cold there depending on the season — but he’d been happy there, at least for a while.
And yet — then what was it all for?  What was the point of Project Rebirth if not to create a superior kind of soldier?  One to fight the battles that other people couldn’t?  Wasn’t that what Fury had said about the Avengers?
The music played on into the night, long after Dr. Erskine had left.  Steve lay on the bunk, alone in the barracks, thinking about what Dr. Erskine had said about understanding the value of compassion.  The ghosts from his past seemed to surround him.  He thought of his ma, always getting up and defying his father, fiercely beautiful with her hair in disarray and blood on her lip.  He’d always thought of her as Scáthach, blond hair flying and blue fire in her eyes, who had trained Cú Chulainn, the greatest knight of the Red Branch.  She had fought her own war in Ireland, forced to flee after the Easter Rising.  He wondered what she would think of this, of her small, sick son taking this chance.
Steve reeled back, feeling the blow as if Bucky had physically struck him.  He wanted to shout a thousand things back at Bucky: that the US hadn’t been at war then; that he’d been able to see a future for himself when he looked at Tony; that he had an obligation to defend his country from bullies who thought they could take whatever they wanted without any fear of consequences.
“Sir has found that your eating habits run on a 5.2 week cycle, mostly based on when you order groceries, during which you fluctuate your weight, calorie intake, exercise, fat and muscle mass, the types of food you eat, where you eat, and whom you eat with. This seems to affect the amount of time you spend with everyone else on the common floor, your physical performance, your mood, and your sleep,” the precise, British voice informed Steve — and everyone else in the room.
Tony opened his eyes to find Steve looking up at him, his blue eyes intense as they focused on Tony’s face.  “I have heart problems too,” he said softly.  “Can I get one?  Will it fix my heart?”
Bucky dropped his face into his hands, scrubbing his fingers up into his hair.  “I get it, pal.  You beat up bullies in alleys for bein’ jerks at the movies, even when you know you can’t win.  You help strangers when you barely have enough on your own.  Hell, you even shared your popcorn with that dame tonight, even though she clearly wanted nothin’ to do with you.”
“What’s going on, Steve?” she asked.  She got up from the chair, still wrapped in the blanket.  “You didn’t like it when he laid one of your weak spots out for everyone to see.  Oh, don’t look at me like that,” she added when he glanced at her.  “I know what it is to be hungry.  I know what it is to not have enough, to wonder where your next meal is coming from, even when you’re surrounded by this.”  Natasha spread her arms wide, taking in the apartment and Jarvis and even the city beyond them.  “You don’t spend the first part of your life fighting to survive just to be able to put that aside because today you happen to have enough.  You don’t
As the silence hung between them at that observation, Tony shoved his hands in his pockets, letting out his breath slowly.
feel uneasy in such close proximity with Tony.  He could smell the alcohol as Tony breathed in and out, the sound carrying in the quiet, but he could also smell the faint hint of sweat and smoke and metal that always followed the inventor, as well as the pomade he used on his mustache and hair.  Steve felt goosebumps ripple along his arms again, and he turned back to the stove.  Using a reed, he lit a kerosene lamp.  Tony’s eyes followed him, his gaze a palpable touch on his face and the skin at the base of his throat, where it was visible above his partially unbuttoned shirt.
“You’re going to have to clean it regularly,” Tony told Enzo before he’d replaced the faceplate.  “I think buildup from the thread caused the tension plates to get rough edges, which then screwed up the tension on the threads.”  He walked Enzo through removing each disc, cleaning it, replacing it, and adjusting the tension.  He also showed him how to clean the inside of the machine and the area around the footplate before replacing the faceplate.
— even tangentially related to Captain America.  He would have bought your image and the shield design from the US Government if he could have.  He got in an epic argument with them about it, because he’s the one who designed it, in case you forgot.  Which I never was given the opportunity.”
“Let me just look at the machine,” Tony said, uncomfortable at the thought of being set up with his aunt.  He also vowed to pick up a newspaper in the near future.  Howard had founded Stark Industries in Queens in 1939, and his mother had been born in 1940.  The USA would join the war at the end of 1941.  Howard would hold his first Stark Expo in Flushing in 1943, where Dr. Erskine would recruit Steve Rogers for Project Rebirth.  Bucky would ship out to Europe the next day, and Steve would go to Camp LeHigh a couple of weeks later.
Tony laughed, and it sounded a little hysterical even to him.  “You know, that’s not that far off,” he replied.
But when the dust settled, when the debriefings were over and everyone went home, Tony Stark and Steve Rogers struggled to find common ground on which to base a friendship.  Tony had invited the other Avengers to live in the tower after the Battle of New York, and one by one they had trickled in.  Bruce had come first, concerned about his reception but delighted to find his own lab with a small apartment attached — a place for him to finally call home.  Next came Natasha and Clint, a paired set who had found it difficult to settle back into SHIELD, knowing what they did about the decision the World Security Council had made to nuke Manhattan to save the world and their own colleagues who had followed the orders to deploy the bomb.  The other agents at SHIELD were also uncomfortable around Clint, given the role he had played thanks to Loki.  So he and Natasaha moved into the tower.  They had settled on their own floor but spent most of their time in the common area.
Clint landed on the pad at the Tower, and he and Nat walked off with Bruce between them, riding the high after an assemble call that had gone well, with minimal structural damage and no injuries.  Nat glanced over her shoulder as they stepped down from the ramp onto the pad, and Steve shook his head slightly back at her.  She lifted a shoulder in a shrug, and the other three disappeared out of view from the back of the quinjet.
Obviously, there was no incense, no homily, no procession or recession.  No recitation of the Apostles’ Creed or the Lord’s Prayer.  No kneeling and sitting and standing at regular intervals.  But Steve was aware of the space around him like a tangible thing, the sense of safety in a large but enclosed space — the presence of the still air filling vaulted ceilings, of moonlight through stained glass windows, of a hand raised in silent benediction.  The flicker of four candles, three purple and one pink set into a wreath being used to light the final white candle in the center.  The comfort of each in turn: hope, and faith, and joy, and — finally — peace.
When Tony landed the Iron Man suit in Stuttgart, Steve had a hard time keeping his eyes off the arc reactor.  The glass panel in the chest plate seemed to block the blue haze of the light he remembered so clearly, and Steve wanted to dismantle it to inspect the disc below.  Was it the same one?  Or was this a different version?  The picture on the front of Tony’s Shield file was indistinct with a round cutout on the chest plate, but this armor had clearly been upgraded, the cutout now triangular.  Steve forced himself to look away, to not stare, especially with Loki nearby, watching everything they did.  He flexed his hands in his gloves, feeling the leather move over his skin, as he tried to forget how Tony’s warm hand had felt over his, the metal casing warm under his fingertips, the smooth glass.  When he closed his eyes, he still saw the way the blue light came up through his fingers.
“That’s not what Thor tells me — and he gets his information from Heimdall, so I’m sure it’s correct.”  Loki was still smirking as he crossed his arms over his chest.
With nowhere to be and nothing to do, he found himself at an outside cafe across the street from Grand Central Station more often than not, sketching out the lines of Stark Tower.  Part of him — a crazy part, he readily admitted — thought about just walking into the lobby and asking to see Tony.  But it was no less crazy than waking up to a future where everything was unrecognizable and he was a legend, a superhero — most easily recognized in comic books and movies, TV shows and toys, biographies and footnotes in histories about World War II.
But Steve knew there wasn’t really a chance he would refuse.  Anything was better than the silent apartment, the file he couldn’t open, the world he didn’t understand.  At least it was a direction, something to move towards, and that was better than the nothing he’d woken up to, the empty life he’d been living since then.
Bucky blinked sleepily then narrowed his eyes, suddenly more awake.  “It’s Sarah, isn’t it?” he asked, his voice pitched low so as not to carry.  He was already swinging his legs out of bed, pulling his pajama pants on.  Tony just nodded, and Bucky pulled a t-shirt over his head before shuffling out of the room.  “Sorry, pal,” he said, pausing as he passed Tony.  “I wouldn’t have asked you —”
Bucky approached him, not offering his hand, and came to a stop just a little too close for comfort but still far enough away that he could claim he didn’t mean anything by it if Tony called him out.  Bucky gave him an assessing look from toes to head, and Tony recognized the dance if not the particular moves Bucky was utilizing — he was feeling Tony out, trying to get a sense of his intentions.  This was the man who would become the sniper in the Howling Commandos, and Tony understood in that moment that it wasn’t because of any specific training — although that certainly had helped.  It was what Bucky did instinctively.  He’d been watching Steve’s back long before either of them were in the Army.  It wasn’t an accident that Bucky died to save Steve on that train.  He would have done it here in Brooklyn too if he’d needed to.  Steve — his Steve, in his time — had told him once that, after the serum and after Azzano, Bucky had told him that little guy from Brooklyn who was too dumb to run away from a fight — Bucky was following him, not Captain America.
Swallowing, Tony felt the words stick in his throat.  How long had it been since they were together?  After Thanos, Tony had spent weeks in an ICU under the supervision of Helen Cho, followed by months at a rehab where he learned to walk and use his right arm again, such as he could.  It wasn’t that anyone hadn’t come to visit — the Avengers and Peter, even Sam and, on one memorable occasion, Bucky.  After everything, though — well, it was hard to be together.  They could feel the empty space left by Natasha, knew how much they’d lost and given away to get everyone back.
“I’ll find some odd jobs.  I don’t plan on being a burden,” Tony said between his own mouthfuls of food.
“Good night, Steve,” Tony answered.  “Thank you for everything today.”  The words hung in the air, and Tony had the feeling he meant something more, even though he couldn’t quite place what it was.
“It’s a habit, I guess.  Just — just let it go, okay?” Steve said finally.  “There’s a lot of stuff about this century I haven’t gotten used to — I don’t understand, and I guess I will eventually.  I don’t have much of a choice, do I?  But I don’t need it pointed out to me all the time.”
Forcing himself upright, Steve couldn’t look at Tony.  He stumbled around the end of the bed, bracing himself on the plastic footboard as he passed it.  He reached the other arm out towards the door once he reached the frame, hesitating again.  “I’m sorry,” Steve said, his head bowed, turned away.  He wished he could apologize for all of it: the scorching hot days and cold nights, not having enough food, having to darn their socks because they couldn’t buy new ones, begging for his arc reactor, needing Tony’s help to get up after his ma died, Tony getting sick and disappearing, his disappointment in the 21st century, never finding his place, never reconnecting with Tony.
Feeling his heart skip a beat under his hand, Tony found himself unable to come up with a response.  His vision blurred with tears, and he looked down at the table, wrapping both hands around his cup.  “Well I’ll be damned,” he huffed out, “she was always the smartest out of all three of us.”
Steve turned on the lights, and Tony felt his breath catch.  The walls were bare brick, and they were all covered with art: paintings and murals, sketches and canvases.  They were all scenes from Steve’s Avenging days.  Tony took a few hesitant steps closer before he realized it wasn’t exactly just his Avenging days — they were all somehow centered around Tony and the things he’d created.
The train finally arrived, and all of the men began saying their last good-byes: hugging sweethearts and mothers; fathers standing stoically, only showing their emotion in their rigid stances; younger siblings with tears in their eyes, only certain that everyone was upset even if they didn’t understand why.  There were promises made to write, and to send packages, and to come home.
Was that the reverence he felt in the air?  The solemness and the sanctity?  The hush of Christmas Eve — the hope, the promise of a little joy and peace, so hard to find during the rest of the year?
The quinjet dropped them some distance away from the giant, and they all fell into their roles.  Hulk and Clint worked on containment, trying to drive it towards the lake, with Steve and Natasha a little farther out on the periphery in case it suddenly changed directions or behaviors.  Tony was in the air, watching from above.  Steve glanced up, his eyes following the bright red of Tony’s suit, when a burst of green light caught his eye.  He turned, the banter on the comms fading.  “Wait,” he cut them off, “Loki’s near the Bethesda Fountain.  Where we sent him back with Thor.”
He thought a lot about what Tony had said about his heart and wondered if this is what he’d meant.  The days were empty, and without anything else to do, Steve’s thoughts went in circles: if it was, then this was a pretty poor use of the gift Dr. Erskine had given him.  If it wasn’t, then what had Tony meant?  If it was, how in the hell had Tony known?  If it wasn’t, then what else was in store for Steve?  Surely this wasn’t it, and around and around he went, feeling that he was meant for more than this.
“Spoken as an only child,” Loki said.  “Thor still misses his brother, the companion of his childhood.  We
He could do this.  He could build something in this world too.  If they could drag tons of limestone and granite 750 miles, Steve could build something between him and Tony here.  He thought about what Natasha had been trying to tell him, about how Tony tried to fix things because it was safe.  It made him useful.  Maybe Tony was also trying to reach out, in his own convoluted way.
Tony was surprised to find he enjoyed the company the others provided.  Bruce was an intellectual companion he hadn’t realized he’d been craving, while Natasha and Clint provided a level of silliness that helped break up the monotony and seriousness that made up most of his waking hours.  He also appreciated the fact that they didn’t push him for things he wasn’t ready to give up.  If he had a shitty board meeting, he could come home and watch TV with his head in Natasha’s lap or go shoot things at the range with Clint.  They didn’t demand answers or explanations.  In fact, most of the time they took one look at him and suggested a distraction.  They were the source of hot cups of coffee or sandwiches in the lab, movies nights on the common floor, and a stability in his life he hadn’t even known he wanted.
Steve would have been happy in that body and that apartment with that life during that time — if only Tony had been there.
Steve had a choice — he could see that now.  He could keep doing what he was doing, dragging around his broken pieces until they tore him apart.  Or he could go back and figure out a way to use them to build something new, something for himself in this brave new world.
For a moment he felt light-headed.  Maybe Tony did remember.  Maybe at some point during Steve’s road trip he’d gone back in time only to return before Steve had gotten back to New York.
“The terrorists bombed his convoy in Afghanistan.  In the blast when they took him — he was hit with shrapnel, and it lodged near his heart.”  Natasha paused, and Steve felt her move beneath his head, the muscle in her thigh bunching up as she tucked her legs underneath her, turning to curl more around him.  “That kind of injury — having shrapnel that close to his heart — it can kill a person in a matter of days once it migrates into the heart itself.  The terrorists made a man named Yinsen hook him up to a car battery — it powered a magnet that kept the shrapnel from shifting.”
Much like Tony had done for Steve, he filled the tub hot water then added peppermint and eucalyptus oil to the water.  He instructed Tony to strip and sit in the hot water, almost too hot to stand, with a damp towel draped over his head to capture the fragrant steam.  Tony followed the instructions and tried to breathe slow and deep, working not to panic with the damp around his head from the towel.  The steam did seem to loosen things up, but he struggled to think of something other than damp, cold caves and dank water in buckets.
Shaking his head, Steve tried to brush off the sudden wave of vulnerability he felt, like he was five years old again.  He resisted the urge to look over his shoulder, the feeling that his parents were suddenly, inexplicably, very close.  He could almost call his mother’s perfume to mind, an earthy scent with wood and saffron and a touch of vanilla.  She’d only worn it every now and then, putting a drop at her throat and on each wrist, rubbing some on her palms to run it through her damp hair before she braided it for the day, so the smell would fill the room when she finally let it down at night.
The stare down lasted almost a full minute before Steve turned back to Tony.  “Thank you,” he said, albeit begrudgingly.  “I really appreciate it.  You certainly didn’t have to spend the money.”
Steve offered up a running commentary during the game, starting with indignant complaining about the pitcher walking the first batter.  He cheered enthusiastically for each of the runs scored by the Dodgers and howled bitterly when the Phillies scored.  He screamed at the umpires and threw popcorn when he truly disagreed.  Tony bought a couple more rounds of beer, and Steve was pretty drunk by the end of the game.  He continued to cheer as they walked back out of the stadium, elated by the Dodgers’ 8-to-6 victory.
“If they need guys so badly they’re pulling them off the Navy Yard,” Steve started, but Bucky cut him off.
It was easier with a common goal: the need to get engine 3 back online.  Steve didn’t have to think about it, didn’t have to think about how this Tony was different from his Tony.  He could focus on the task at hand.  It was like battle, like working with the Howling Commandos again, which, Steve had as a passing thought as he verified the relays were intact, was only a few weeks ago for him.
“C’mon, Steve,” Natasha pleaded, her tone gentler.  “I get it — I really do.  You don’t have to do this alone.”
Steve sighed and moved out of Bucky’s reach, running a hand through his own hair.  “I have no right to do any less —“
“Surprise,” Steve said, spreading his hands wide.  “Guess the history books missed a few things.  For what it’s worth, my best friend was also a Jew.”
He woke up again in a panic, startling so violently he almost fell off his chair.  It took him a second to place the source of his panic.  There were no enemies to be seen, no gunfire whizzing over his head, no frightened Commandos around him rushing to pack up camp and move out as quickly as possible.  He realized the soothing beep of the pulse ox had dipped in its pitch, lower than he had ever heard it.  The alarm sounded followed, the sharp digital squawking filling the room.
Tony had one hand tangled in Steve’s hair, and he slid his phone out of his pocket with his free one, taking care not to disturb Steve, whose breathing had finally evened out.  One-handed, he typed out a quick request to Jarvis before setting his phone aside on the coffee table.  The soft sounds of reeds filtered through the speakers, the muted horns coming in behind with the drumset anchoring the orchestra.  Tony then fell asleep to the sounds of
Steve found the routine very comforting.  It was domestic in a way he’d never experienced; even when he and Bucky had lived together, their meal preparation wasn’t very complicated, and it was usually limited by the availability of ingredients.  In the war, there wasn’t any meal prep to speak of, just dividing up the work to establish camp and set a perimeter guard before collapsing into bed — if there was any sleep to be had at all.  The routine, the consistency of the whole thing helped settle Steve in a way he hadn’t known he needed.
His last thought — before the plane crashed, before the water shattered the canopy and knocked Steve unconscious — was that the water was the same shade of blue as the arc reactor.
“James!” The man exclaimed, clapping him on the back.  “It’s been too long.  Looking for another suit?  Need something to impress the ladies?  You know I’m running at least a few weeks behind without my overlock machine working right.  Those jerks over at the store where I bought it won’t fix their own damn machine.”
Steve continued looking down as Tony struggled to answer, not really listening.  It was only when he heard Tony’s final question — “Do you want more socks?” — that Steve realized he wasn’t up to take any more hits that evening, intentional or not.
A sigh brushed through Steve’s hair, and he looked up to find Tony’s gaze averted, his expression tight.  Steve waited, hands on his thighs.  Tony swallowed, his eyes flickering away.  “My parents,” he said softly, finally meeting Steve’s steady gaze.  “My parents were killed on December 16, 1850.  A business rival decided they were going to take out my father.  He was out riding with my mother, and they shot him off his horse.  My mother —“ Tony faltered and swallowed heavily.
Bucky came back out of the bedroom, now dressed in navy coveralls and heavy work boots.  He took one look at Steve before shooting Tony an exasperated look.  Tony almost expected him to break out into a lecture about being careful, complete with a detailed discussion of exactly whom he was blaming for this.  Instead, he handed Tony a pair of shoes and said to Steve, “I’m taking Tony to Enzo’s.”
“I don’t think I can get up,” Tony said, his elbows braced on his knees, slumped over in the seat.  His head was turned away from Steve, towards the ramp, and Steve realized he’d waited until Clint, Natasha, and Bruce were gone before saying anything.
“Wait —“ Steve said as Tony dumped all of the socks, including the one Steve had been working on with the needle still attached and the darning egg inside, in the trash.
“He said that someday they’d come up with something to fix my heart,” Steve said.  Bucky looked over at him, his expression full of sympathy.  “I told him he was full of shit.”
Steve felt Natasha shift, and he looked back over his shoulder to see her shaking her head.  “Steve, Tony was captured in Afghanistan by terrorists during a weapons demonstration there.  They wanted him to build weapons for them.  They tortured him — holding his head underwater in a bucket to get him to cooperate.”
He shook his head and crossed the room himself when Steve didn’t move.  He gently tapped on the door before opening it.  Bucky was sitting halfway up, his dark hair wild and eyes only half open.  “Hey, can you get up for a minute?” Tony asked.  “I need to tell you and Steve something.”
They sat like that for a long time, until the sky to the east started to darken as the sun began to set.  “She taught me to fight for myself,” Steve finally said.  He had slumped down in his exhaustion and his grief, his head propped in the curve of Tony’s shoulder where it met his chest, knees curled next to Tony’s legs, Tony’s arm still around his shoulders.  “My da — well, he wasn’t much to speak of,” he gulped out, his words interrupted by sobs and gasps as he told Tony about his ma.  “A drunk.  He’d come home from the bar.  And she’d confront him.  Every time.  He’d —“  Steve faltered at this before taking a halting breath and continuing, “he’d hit her.  For standing up to him.  But she got up.  Every time.  And usually he’d hit her again.  I asked her once, why she didn’t just stay down.”  He had to stop at this, his face crumpling at the memory.  Tony gently squeezed Steve’s shoulder and waited.  “She told me, ‘You always get up.’”
She blinked at him slowly, her gaze considering.  “You can try,” she said finally, her tone skeptical.
“For emergencies,” Steve echoed, his tone hollow.  He grabbed his glass and tipped it, watching the golden liquid coat the side.
Tony went over to the overlock machine, and Enzo brought him a stool.  He then demonstrated the machine, which would bunch up the fabric, causing it to get cut inappropriately and tangle the stitching.  Tony took down all of the threads and removed the faceplate to the machine.  There was a large amount of dust inside, and Tony cleaned it out using some fabric Enzo provided him.  He then inspected the tension discs for the thread.  They looked normal, but when he rethreaded and ran the machine, one of them still ran unevenly.   He removed the tension discs to find one of them had a rough edge on the outer edges of the disc, which he was able to sand down.  This time when he ran the machine, the thread didn’t catch, although it still didn’t run completely evenly.  He adjusted the tension discs and finally got it to work correctly.
, saw beyond the scrawny worthless Steve Rogers, who instead saw him as something worthwhile.  Valuable.
Tony rubbed a hand over his face, closing his eyes.  “You’ve got to be kidding me,” he muttered to himself.  He opened his eyes and snatched the pile of socks before taking the one in Steve’s hands.  “Jarvis, will you please order the good Captain some more socks? Have them delivered by tomorrow.”
Tony felt himself choke at the mention of the company that would go on to publish the Captain America comics during World War II.  He’d had the entire run as a kid thanks to Howard.  He coughed violently for a few seconds before it passed.   “Sorry,” he said hoarsely, “wrong pipe.”  He shook his head, wondering if Steve ended up drawing for Timely Comics before Project Rebirth.
“I don’t cut my intake,” Steve answered.  He looked first at Bruce then back at Natasha and Clint.  “Do I?”
Opening his eyes, he found Natasha sitting close.  She met his gaze — bright green staring into sky blue — before she leaned her head against his shoulder.  Her hair was warm and a little damp, smelling fragrantly with the hint of something spicy.  “You scared the hell out of Jarvis,” Natasha said.  “He locked down your apartment like you asked, against his better judgment.”
“January,” Steve corrected, moving to stand right in front of Tony.  “It was actually January, 1940.”  He put his hands on Tony’s hips for a moment before pulling at his long-sleeved t-shirt.  Tony let him yank it over his head.  The blue light of the arc reactor shined between them, reflecting in Steve’s blue eyes as he looked down at it.  “It’s still the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen.”
A desolate sob came from Tony, and Steve could feel the wetness of his tears on his abdomen through the thin fabric of his undershirt, Tony’s hot breath made damp.  Steve gently scratched at Tony’s scalp as Tony cried silently, his face pressed against Steve.  It crossed Steve’s mind that Tony must be used to crying noiselessly to be so good at it.
But the most shocking things were the files Shield had given him.  The first he’d looked through was the file for Peggy, and he was proud of her for her long career.  She had built Shield from the ground up with Phillips and Stark, making it into an organization she could be proud of.  He was glad that she’d made herself a space in the world she had come to love, doing work that she excelled at.
Tony continued picking at the label on the whiskey bottle.  Instead of answering, he continued on with the hymn, singing so quietly it was almost under his breath.  “That mourns in lonely exile here, until the son of God appear.”  His eyes lifted to meet Steve’s as he got to the chorus.  “Rejoice — rejoice, Emmanuel shall come to thee, O Israel.”
Bucky had pulled a fast one on Tony, and he couldn’t be anything but impressed.  The radio had been an audition, and apparently Tony had passed with flying colors.  The plan for him to go to the tailor had maybe the secondary gain of  getting him appropriate clothes of his own, but clearly the more important point was to advertise Tony’s presence and skill set.
Steve got to his feet, and Bucky scrambled to follow, moving to block the door.  Instead, Steve went into the drawing room, still sniffling.  He rummaged through the milk crate with his sketchbooks and art supplies before pulling out one from the bottom.  He flipped it open, searching through the pages then handed it to Bucky.
Tony started to look around frantically for Steve, but Bucky stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.  “It’s okay,” he told Tony.  “He needs a few minutes.  It’s a little more real when you can’t see the casket any more, y’know?  He didn’t know — didn’t know it was the last letter, the last time he’d see her, the last time he’d hear her laugh or say his name.”
Steve laughed quietly as he stood.  He grabbed a towel hanging on the side of the dresser by the washbasin and knelt down by the table to sop up the whiskey.  “Don’t play poker when you’re drunk,” he said instead of answering the question.  He carefully swept the glass shards into the towel and bundled them and the towel up into a ball.  Leaning back onto his heels, he looked up into Tony’s face, where his expression was lost to the shadow thrown by the lantern.
She was his first friend here, his confidant and consolation in those first painful months.  Her posture always reminded Steve of his ma, with her quiet grace and unexpected strength.  It was hard not to think of his trip a year ago and the ghosts that had followed him.  Tony was here now, no longer a ghost.  They would lay at least a piece of Bucky to rest tomorrow at the Hoover Dam.  And it felt to Steve like his ma had sent Natasha to take her place, to watch over him, to kick his ass when he needed it and pick him up when he couldn’t do it himself.
And when the weight of everything that had happened was too much, when the press of history — both that he’d lived and that he’d missed — was too heavy, he left and rode west.
She was in a nightgown, a shawl pulled tight across her chest, with a thunderous expression on her face.  Her hair was braided, flung over one shoulder, with bright red curls hanging around her face, having escaped the braid while she slept.  There was some kind of racket in the background, and Steve leaned around her to see where it was coming from.
She startled a laugh out of Steve with that.  She reminded him so strongly of Bucky in that moment, with his cocksure attitude, that extra bit of showmanship.  “If I have to do it on my toes, you’ll need to,” Steve teased back.  He approached her on the mat, staying out of her reach as they circled one another.  She cocked her head to the side, grinning at him again.  Suddenly, she rushed him, getting into his space.  Steve threw a punch, which she easily dodged.  She hooked an arm around his outstretched one and rolled herself up onto his back.  Her weight threw him off balance, and he staggered for a moment as she wrapped an arm around his neck.  He reached around and pulled her off over his shoulder.  She used the momentum to tumble forward out of his grasp and slide between his legs, which she swept out from under him from behind.  He fell heavily onto his chest and rolled over to look up at her.  She smirked and offered him a hand.  “Want to try that again?  You don’t mind your legs very well.”
He came back awake with a jolt to find Steve shaking him by the shoulder.  An alarm was pinging in the background, but all of Tony’s attention was on Steve, who looked wholly and totally panicked.  “— to wake up, Tony,” Steve was saying frantically when Tony was able to track his words, “your oxygen is low, you said you’d be okay —”
“I already know Tony and his weak spots,” Steve choked out, unable to face her.  “I met him.  In 1939.  He lived with me and Buck for more than 6 months.”
Tony closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath.  He steeled himself before walking into the drawing room.  Steve didn’t turn when he entered, still working on his generic panel of a muscular man in a tight-fitting suit with stars on it punching Hitler.  Tony had to blink for a minute.  Surely Steve himself hadn’t come up with the idea….?  But Tony pushed the thought aside.
Steve smiled at him, the corners of his lids crinkling where there was now a web of wrinkles.  Time, it seemed, was ultimately more powerful than even the serum; Tony could see fine lines on Steve’s face and around his mouth, the traces of thousands of smiles and laughs.  But there were also lines between his eyebrows, reflective of darker emotions.  Those memories came unbidden too: Steve’s head ducked, telling them about how they were Natasha’s family.  The grief and tears on his face when he thought Tony was going to die from his injuries.
The bustle in the kitchen ground to a halt, and Tony realized a moment too late that he probably shouldn’t have added that last part.  “When I do what?” Steve asked.  He had been laying out rolls to put out in the oven, but his hands had stilled, frozen mid-motion over the baking sheet.
In hindsight, Tony realized it was a little invasive.  But his curiosity was piqued, and at his core, he was a scientist who made observations, developed hypotheses, and then tested them.  And boy did he learn some things he didn’t expect.
Steve was flushed from the beer and being out in the sun, and he’d also pulled off his button down shirt, his arms and chest pale from being hidden under the shirt.  Tony could see his chest heave as he continued to watch Tony with wild eyes.  His hands were trembling.
But the comforting smell was suddenly gone, replaced by the one that had permeated the same room much later, the sickly sweet miasma of phlegm, of days’ old sweat soaked into sheets, the smell that followed the cycle of fever then chills, sweat on hot skin then cold.
!” he shouted back at her.  “What else do you want me to do?  I went on that road trip because I thought I could get my head on straight, and look at me!”  He pointed back to the tenement building, half a block away, and Natasha could tell he was pointing exactly to the window that had been theirs on the fourth floor.  “Back in Brooklyn, looking up at that apartment like I want to go back!  Like that life of perpetual hunger and struggle, of being too cold or too hot, of being one bad cold away from dying just like my ma — like that life was better!  Like I want to go back!”
“I’m Dr. Hudson, one of the doctors here.  I treat the patients in the TB ward.”  He hesitated, taking a deep breath.  “We’ve been trying to track down Mrs. Rogers’s family since last night.  There’s a number to the Navy Yard, but no one was answering there.”
Steve grabbed it from him, taking a sniff from the mouth of the bottle.  “This is pretty fine stuff,” he said, a little surprised despite himself.  The scent was vaguely familiar, the hint of wood and spice under the burn of the alcohol in his nose.  He held the bottle out and looked at the label, which read Slane Irish Whiskey.
Tony pulled his hand out of his pocket and showed his arm to Steve, rolling up the sleeve farther.  “It aches sometimes, especially when the weather is changing.  Looks worse than it feels.  I’m not doing a lot of intricate detail work these days.  That didn’t hurt — just forgot how warm your hands always are,” he said, turning his hand back and forth and opening and closing his fingers slowly to show Steve he was fine.
The blue light flared to life, shining through the chest plate, and the suit jerked under his hands.  Steve heard Tony take a deep, gasping breath even though the external speakers didn’t transmit the sound.  “Oh, thank God,” Steve choked out as Tony rolled away and onto all fours.  Leaning back onto his knees, Tony released his helmet.  He yanked it off and flung it away, greedily sucking in the air.
He was darning socks again.  His hands moved quickly, weaving the heavy thread around the weak area of the heel, and he finished a sock in about ten minutes before moving onto the next.  Tony flashed back to Steve’s look when he’d taken the socks away from him at the tower and thrown him away.  Shame washed over him; that activity looked a lot different in the tenement apartment, with two men who clearly were trying as hard as they could to keep it together in what was the worst economic downturn in American history.
Steve reappeared at the music.  “You got it working again,” he said, wonder in his tone.  “I never thought I’d hear it play again.”
Natasha lifted one eyebrow eloquently, looking first at the bag then back at Steve.  “Is that what this is?” she asked, laughter in her voice taking the off sharp edge.  She let go of the bag and stretched her arms out, popping her knuckles at the terminus of her stretch.  “Want to give something a try that can hit back?”
“Son of a bitch,” Tony swore as he swooped around.  “I don’t suppose he brought Thor with him too?”  He hovered about a hundred feet in the air while the others stood on the ground.
what it was like to lose one’s parents, but it died out almost as soon as it flared up.  Of course it was hard.  Tony had lived with his loss for almost twenty years.  Steve had lived with his for three days.
Steve sobbed again, feeling the damp fabric of her tank top bunch up under his cheek.  He cried until exhaustion overtook him, falling asleep with his head buried in Natasha’s lap, her fingers combing through his hair.
“My ma,” he said through clenched teeth.  “Every Irishman and woman knows how to bank a turf fire.  She taught me.”
Steve felt his knees buckle at the sight, and he slumped to the floor.  He could tell at first glance it wasn’t a real milk crate — it was clearly something designed by some company to look like an antique.  But it reminded him strongly of the one he’d used to keep his art supplies in next to the drafting table that he had been so proud of.
Tony could hear the note of desperation in Steve’s voice, and it seemed hauntingly familiar, although he couldn’t place it.  Tony rolled onto all fours and scrambled at the release to his helmet, yanking it off and gulping in the fresh air greedily.
Captain America and Iron Man worked well together.  They could make plans in the field and adapt to evolving situations better than anyone else.  It was like they had been fighting together their entire lives.  They could neutralize and contain threats with breathtaking efficiency.  Captain America knew how to take out an enemy’s defenses, allowing Iron Man to swoop in and contain them.  Iron Man was very effective at distracting enemies and luring them away, allowing Cap to get in, get the civilians out, and get the job done.  They had perfect timing.  They even talked in shorthand on the comms, finishing each other’s sentences, putting plans into motion that had barely been verbalized.  Cap called the play, Iron Man worked out the kinks as they went, and New York found itself breathing a little easier with superheroes in the city, despite the public concern after the Battle of New York.
“Iowa?” Howard echoed, his eyebrows climbing up on his forehead.  “What the hell’s in Iowa?”  He paused, giving the question a little more consideration — probably a lot more thought than the question really deserved, Steve though a little hysterically — before adding, “I’m pretty sure my mama took one look at the Hudson and told my father she wasn’t going any further west.”
Steve went to the Sutro Baths at Lands End and put his feet in the Pacific beneath the Cliff House for his ma, who had always wanted to dip her feet in both oceans, although he regretted the decision as soon as he felt the cold water between his toes.
When Tony’s fever broke, Steve cried in relief.  When his eyes fluttered open, clear and coherent if still exhausted, Steve brushed his lips over Tony’s knuckles.  When Tony refused to stay, Steve shook his head but didn’t argue.  He could understand that feeling — Tony needed to figure out where he was, when he was.
He cleaned up his arms, gently wiping the debris out of the scrapes and the dirt off his hands and arms.  Steve hadn’t been lying; the water was improbably cold despite the nice weather outside, and Tony found goosebumps over his arms and chest.  He then drained the water out of the sink basin and refilled it.  He washed his face and then sat on the edge of the tub, putting his head in his hands.
Tony found himself in the hallway alone, soap in one hand and the towel in the other.  He looked back at the door, just barely open as promised.  “Damn it, Loki,” he whispered to himself.  He made his way down the hallway to the common bath, where a tub sat towards the wall on the tiled floor with a chair to one side and a sink to the other.  Everything looked in need of a good scrub — or maybe just fewer people using it every day.  There were four apartments on the floor, and Tony guessed that anywhere between eight to fourteen people or more might use it on any given day.
“Not sure it matters much one way or the other.”  He took another drink and half turned, offering it to Steve.
Tony’s words from the day they’d buried her came to mind, when Steve had asked him how long it would hurt:
“Okay,” Bucky broke in.  “Your sewing machine.  Tony said he can fix most anything, and I’m tired of hearing you complain about it.  Why don’t you let him take a look?  He fixes it, you make him a suit and maybe an extra pair of pants.”
“What?” Steve asked.  He had no memory of Tony speaking, no idea of how Tony had come to be sitting at his table, Tony’s expression alternately in light and shadow as the flame of the lantern flickered in its glass.
Steve ducked his head as the emotions washed over him.  He could close his eyes and still see it happen like it was in front of him.  The Chitauri and the Battle of New York, one of them cutting a corner, its chariot not made for that kind of tight maneuvering.  Steve had turned his head, following the Chitauri, when he realized the trajectory.  His mouth opened but the words never came, already too late before he’d even formed the thought to say something — anything.  The wash from the back of the chariot took out a pedestrian, launching him into the colonnade at the front of a building.  Steve had winced as body met stone with a sickening crunch, one that Steve could hear even from a block away with his enhanced senses.  He had yelled at the police to call for an ambulance and turned away, back to the fight.
Steve’s eyes were unfocused and half-closed, exhausted from the effort of just crossing the hall from their apartment.  Tony helped him strip, as Steve showed no initiative to do it on his own, and helped him into the tub.
“It doesn’t matter what I want,” Steve answered after a long pause.  He could feel the rise and fall of Natasha’s chest beneath his arm, the small shifts she made as she got comfortable.  She settled into his space so definitively without asking, and Steve realized he felt a little more calm with her there.  The weight of having to make at least that one decision — whether she should stay or go — was lifted, and the difference was very noticeable to Steve.
The service ended, and Tony turned to find a surprising number of people in the church.  Many were wearing the same green pin with a calla lily.  Bucky greeted the ones he knew, but Steve moved through the crowd as though it didn’t exist.  He received many sympathetic looks, and no one seemed upset when Bucky fielded any questions or comments that were at least, theoretically, directed towards Steve.
“I’m not the one who just ran out in the street in a towel to make sure,” Bucky answered.  Steve punched him in the arm, and Bucky just laughed.  “I’m sure Mrs. Grady appreciated that, by the way.”  He mimicked flipping up the towel, and Steve punched him again before looking away.
Steve looked at his drawing, adding some final touches, and remembered the discussions with Bucky, the threats to leave Brooklyn and never come back during the worst of the Depression.  To go west and find a better life like the pioneers they’d learned about in school.  Bucky had romanticized the Colorado River and the Grand Canyon, telling Steve that it would be the most impressive thing they would ever see in their lives and how much better their lives could be away from the city.  Steve had been uninterested, but for a while Bucky had been obsessed.  He’d poured over maps, following the Colorado River from its headwaters at La Poudre Pass Lake to where it crossed into Utah before turning south into Arizona.  He’d plotted out what trains could take them to the new national park there, dedicated in 1919 at the end of the Great War.  He’d calculated out how much each ticket would cost and how long it would take for them to save enough for the trip from Colorado to Mexico, following the path of the river and spending the most time at the Grand Canyon.  He’d taken books out of the Brooklyn Library about it and told Steve about how the forces of the river had shaped the canyon over time.
“What does it mean to have pneumonia in this century?” Steve said, still trying to extract his wrist from Natasha.  “Is he going to be okay?”
He stopped, lifting his face up, and in the streetlights coming in from the window, Steve could see the wetness on his cheeks.  He wiped his face one-handed.  “You even put your life back together you lost your — after Tony disappeared.
“Or him,” Tony echoed.  “I think what I’m trying to say is tomorrow you turn 28.  We’ll go to the Hoover Dam and see Lake Mead, just like Bucky and I talked about.  And you can check that off the list for him.  We check all the things off the list for him.  We’ve got time.  But it’s not just for him.  We’ll do it for you too.  Because you have a life here now.  And that’s yours, and nothing will take that away.  Just don’t crash any more planes in the Arctic, okay?”
There were at least fifty studies of it.  Close-ups with the sharp lines forming a triangle in the center.  Some showing just part of it and where it was set into the metal casing.  Drawings of Tony himself, usually half-turned with a startled expression, the thing in his chest at an angle.  Other sketches of a hand covering it, the light still shining through.  Only one was straight on, and it was clearly from after Tony had gotten sick.  Steve had drawn him asleep, sweaty and tangled in the sheets, one hand thrown over his chest up by his collarbone, leaving the blue thing completely visible.  It was one of the few pictures with color, and the only thing Steve had shaded in was the — whatever it was — in the center of Tony’s chest.
Steve tried to hold onto that feeling, and he used it to carry him through the fight once they got back to Manhattan.  He thought he was doing a good job until Tony told him about the nuke.  The world slowed around him with Tony’s words.  The noise faded until all he could hear was Stark over the comms.  The certainty from the Valkyrie returned and settled over him.  The memory was so clear.  It had only been a few weeks ago, his mind screamed at him.  He knew what Tony had to do, just as he had known for himself over the Arctic.
As someone who had trolled a lot of people, both men and women, Tony was a little surprised he hadn’t seen it sooner.  Steve looked at him with a heavy lidded interest that started at his stockinged feet but had faded to something almost completely concealed by the time he’d hit Tony’s chest.
“I think technically nine at this point,” Steve replied dryly, hooking a thumb over his shoulder towards the moon.  “It’s definitely after midnight.”
Bucky closed the sketchbook and covered his eyes.  “Pal, you’ve been reading too many comic books,” was Bucky’s only reply.
“What are you grinning at?” Tony stopped mid-stream about water rights in California and how inefficient the current system was.
“It matters to me, Steve.”  Natasha rolled over so she was looking up at him, and Steve placed his hand on her shoulder, still twisting one of her curls around his fingers.  “Look, you don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want, but that doesn’t mean I have to leave you alone.  I know you think that somehow that will be better — but I doubt it.  And I’d rather be here with you, even if we just sit in silence.  It would make me feel better, to not have to worry about you.”
It had been 6 years — well, 6 years, give or take another 60 — and even Steve began to wonder if what he’d felt so strongly was one-sided.  Everything now was so overwhelming, so difficult — so pointless.  He’d gone into the ice with the intention of not waking up again, because without Bucky or Tony, with his ma buried 6 years ago, there was nothing to wake up to.
Steve made his way home after meeting Dr. Erskine, head and heart heavy as he tried to sort through the day.  He was still sore from his encounter in the alley, and he had scrapes over his arms from where he’d been knocked down.  He stripped out of his jacket and shirt, and the specter of Tony seemed to follow Steve around the apartment as he got cleaned up.  His chest ached both from the fight and the emotion, and Steve couldn’t help but wonder what Tony would have thought of it all — Bucky off to war with the 107th, the chance Dr. Erskine had offered.
Bucky patted his shoulder again, gently.  “You don’t have to say anything.  I don’t know how you feel — you’re a tough read,” Bucky said.  “But I can see how he feels.  So just — do what you gotta do — but be kind.  That’s all I ask.”
“Here,” Tony said, digging out the monitor in the pocket of his pajama pants — he always insisted on pants when they made him stay — and hit the button to activate it.  It showed his heart rate, last blood pressure, EKG tracing, and oxygen saturation in brightly colored numbers and lines.  “See?  Perfectly normal.  A phrase no one has ever applied to me, I can promise you.”
That afternoon, armed with a couple of letters from Steve, he walked from their tenement building to Brooklyn City Hospital.  It was a sunny October day, and the weather was just starting to transition from the blazing heat of summer to the crisper days and cool nights of fall.  The leaves were starting to turn, and Tony was enjoying the bursts of color here and there.
Without any lights, he could see the stars so far above in the small strip of sky visible between the north and south rims.  Even outside, with the sound of the water running by and the open space around him, he felt like the walls of the Grand Canyon were closing in on him, that the suspension bridge was getting shorter, pulled tight between them.  He closed his eyes, trying to dismiss the oppressive feeling, and forced himself to remember.
“Let me see,” Steve said, and he pushed away from Bucky.  He hurried across the hall back into their apartment on unsteady legs.  The bedroom door stood open, and Steve’s bed was empty.  The sheets were still damp from Tony’s sweat, and his impression was still there in the rumpled blankets.  Steve turned away, not daring to think about what it meant.  He charged out of the apartment and down the three flights of stairs in nothing but his towel, before he burst out into the street.
Tony’s chest moved evenly as he breathed easily, Steve’s head slowly rising and falling with every breath.  He kissed Tony’s chest gently.  He settled, content, and closed eyes again.  He could be happy here — as long as he and Tony were together.
Steve tried to fight Bucky, sure that if he could just stay out there long enough he would figure out where Tony had gone.  It wasn’t much of a contest though; Bucky was bigger and stronger, not to mention that he’d been eating and sleeping better.  Bucky dragged him back up the stairs as Steve fought him on each landing, looking for Tony on each floor.  Once back in their apartment, Bucky made Steve finish drying off and get dressed.
“Both of my parents died in a car crash,” Tony finally offered, cutting across the sounds of the sloshing water.  “I was twenty-one.”
“I don’t think I’ve gone more than two days since then without seeing you.”  Bucky shifted to sit up, brushing at his face with his hands.  His voice was thick from the crying, still soft at the edges and indistinct from the alcohol.  “I’m with you ’til the end of the line, pal, but what if this is it?”
They came to a large brick building, an old factory that had been repurposed into apartments with huge windows facing the water, the lights starting to come on in the late afternoon light.  Steve walked up the stairs and punched in a code.  The door clicked open, leading to a small staircase.  Steve let Tony go first and set the pace up the stairs, for which Tony was grateful — his right leg never was quite as good as the left after that final battle.  Another door with another code, and then Tony was in Steve’s home.
Then Tony had gotten sick, yanking him out of the haze of grief into a low-level panic that never really left him.  He honestly didn’t know how Bucky and his ma had done it for him so many times — sitting at the bedside wondering if today was the day, if today the infection would overwhelm him and finally kill him.  Steve had found a reason to live, even if it was only to keep Tony alive through sheer willpower.
He felt something loosen a little in his chest when Tony made it out of the engine turbine and took out the soldier trying to shoot him.
Natasha sat up smoothly, pulling one leg in and stretching the second one out in front of her.  “You two weren’t exactly being quiet yesterday,” she said.  “Arguing over socks, was it?”
He thought about the last things Tony had said, the last of the confused ramblings earlier that morning.  Tony had asked him to watch over him, to keep him safe.  He’d insisted that Steve promise — so of course he had.  And that had seemed enough, because Tony had visibly relaxed, finally falling into a deep and restful sleep.  He was so confident that Steve — scrawny, sickly Steve — would be able to watch over him and keep him safe.
Steve understood that he had issues around food.  It didn’t take a Shield therapist to figure that one out.  He’d spent the first 25 years of his life wondering to some degree or another where his next meal was coming from.  When there had been food, he’d wondered how much he really needed, navigating the complex dynamics between first his ma and then Bucky trying to make sure Steve had enough before they would take anything and Steve trying to not to take more than his fair share.  There were days when he was so sick, his breathing so difficult, that he couldn’t eat at all, gasping for breath between sips of water.  Food was emotional and complicated and painful in ways that he hadn’t expected, and the sudden bounty of the Tower, the idea that all he had to do was ask Jarvis to order it and it would arrive at his apartment — often within mere hours — it was too much for Steve to take in.
Bucky shrugged.  “It’s almost impossible to say no once he gets an idea in his head,” Bucky answered.
Tony reached his glass over, and Steve obliged by clinking the rims together.  “And maybe you still drive me crazy sometimes, with more convictions than I am tall and an ass that just won’t quit.  Sometimes your pride seems to beg for someone to arrange the fall that’s supposed to cometh after — and if someone is going to make you cometh —“
“Let me help, you idiot,” Steve said, moving into Bucky’s space.  He could feel Bucky’s breath in his hair as he breathed above him, smell the alcohol with each exhalation.  Steve gently undid his belt and helped get his jacket off, throwing it over the back of one of the chairs so it wouldn’t wrinkle.  He untied Bucky’s tie and unbuttoned Bucky’s dress shirt, pulling it off his shoulders, before draping them over the jacket.  He supported Bucky as he pulled off his shoes.  He slid Bucky’s pants off, adding them to the other clothes.  It must have been an evening for ghosts, because the uniform seemed like a third person in the room, silently observing them.
Natasha rolled her eyes before squaring her shoulders.  “Want me to beat you up in an alley to make you feel more at home?” she shot back.
There were bookshelves lining one of the interior walls, and Steve ran his hand over the spines.  The books were a mix of fiction and non-fiction, classics from all of the decades he missed, plus some about the American space program and other scientific advances he’d missed.  When he looked over from the bookshelves to the corner, he found a record player in the corner next to the fireplace.  Beneath it was a milk crate filled with records, mostly big band music from the 40s and 50s.
She had clearly been asleep, her red hair frizzy with slept-on curls.  She had no makeup on, and she was wearing only a pair of shorts and a tank top with a sports bra underneath, one of the straps of the tank top slipping off her shoulder.  “What’s wrong?” she asked through a yawn, rubbing her eyes with the back of one wrist.  She moved away from the door, padding silently across the carpet to settle on a leather chair and wrap herself in a blanket.
Steve knew that feeling well; it was easier to be lonely because he pushed people away.  The other option — it was too painful to contemplate.
Steve was standing at the drafting table, which was propped up to let him work at a comfortable angle.  There was a reference schematic pinned to the table, and Steve was working on a drawing of a pretty woman holding a cigarette dressed in what he thought was supposed to be an evening gown judging by the fur over her shoulder — but it sure looked like a negligee to Tony.
Finally they reached the tailor, who also did laundry, and Bucky banged on the door in a syncopated rhythm hard enough to rattle the bell inside.  It took a couple of minutes, but a tall, slender, dark-haired man about Bucky’s age appeared at the door.  He beamed at Bucky through the glass before unlocking the door and ushering them both in.
Steve drew deep breaths in, his back still to Tony.  The room was warm and felt safe to him, in contrast to the cold air outside.  It was still the deep of night — well after midnight with a few hours left until the sun started to rise.  There were thousands of questions that Steve wanted to ask — why Tony seemed to want to be thrown into the cell; why he was so resistant to a little comfort, like life wasn’t hard enough as it was; what was so difficult to face about December 16th that he’d rather spend it with Steve, arrested and in a cell, than face it alone in the back of his shop, where he seemed to prefer to spend most of his days.  His heart ached for Tony, and he could feel the echoes of his loneliness in the expression on Tony’s face, his inability to settle, his need to push boundaries.
“I — I didn’t know that,” Tony said.  He crossed his arms over his chest and looked out the window, trying to imagine what the skyline looked like to Steve, who had known a very different New York City than the one before them now.
He could feel the edges of the space her death had left behind, the space she no longer occupied in his life.  He’d worried at those edges, had worn them smooth the same way he’d worn down the sharp lines on the St. Monica medal by running his fingers over the engraving.  The loss of Bucky — and even the loss of Tony, those edges splintered again by seeing this version of him, so different than his Tony — those edges were still sharp, and they cut at him when his mind sought out those contours.  His mind had returned to the memories of them together — both time spent with Bucky and Tony individually as well as all three together — so many times, going over them the way his fingers sought out the carving on the silver St. Monica medal, soothing his mind and helping him work through his grief.
“Steve,” Tony finally forced out, his voice a little choked.  How long had he been standing here, mouth open, trying to piece together that one word from all the years they’d spent together, the even longer years they’d spent apart?
“Well, that explains the headache,” Tony muttered.  He rubbed a gauntlet over the chest plate, realizing that the pain he was having was from infection, not injury.  He’d experienced both enough times to know the difference.
Tony and Bucky pooled their money together, and Bucky made the arrangements at Queen of All Saints, the parish where both Sarah and Steve were members.  She already had a plot purchased at the Evergreens Cemetery, next to her husband Joseph.  He also made sure an announcement ran in the newspaper.
Steve felt his mouth open, but he wasn’t fast enough.  He was back in an alley in Brooklyn again, and the other guy was drawing back his arm for the punch.  He knew it was going to hurt.  He knew it in his bones the same way he knew where his hand needed to be to catch his shield when it came back to him.  He just didn’t know where, exactly, Tony was going to hit him.
“What’d the bag do to you?” Natasha asked, grabbing it as it swung on its bracket, bringing it to a standstill.
the path forward was obvious: either he would find what was left of Bucky’s unit or he wouldn’t.  The consequences of either outcome didn’t really matter — he would never be able to live with himself if he didn’t try.  It was only later, on the march back, that the potential ramifications of his decision really became apparent to him.  He’d defied orders and abandoned his post, even if it was a stupid post.  He was AWOL, and he could be court-martialed for it.  But Bucky was beside him again, and that was enough, especially when he led the cheer for Captain America back at camp.
The quiet of the cemetery as they sat under that tree and Steve told him about his ma.  Trying to explain why he picked fights and got beaten up in alleys.  Why, thanks to his ma, he didn’t know how to stay down, how to not fight against bullies, how to keep his mouth shut.
As he leaned against the window, he remembered the calm that had come over him in the Valkyrie after the Red Skull had disappeared into the hole torn in the very fabric of the universe — not so different from the one Tony had flown into with the nuke.  Steve had felt settled, like he could finally lie down and rest.  He would put the plane into the water, where the bombs couldn’t hurt anyone, especially anyone in his beloved city.  He had completed his mission; he had fulfilled his purpose.
Tony glanced over at Steve when he was done.  His expression was open and thoughtful, and it felt more familiar to Steve than a lot of the expressions he had seen on Tony’s face since he’d woken up.  It was the look he’d seen on Tony’s face when he’d come back from Enzo’s to find Steve darning socks.  The expression said that Tony was trying to figure out a puzzle, one that he was invested in.
Tony’s offer to live at the Tower had been a relief for both of them.  Clint had only felt more isolated and ostracized the longer he’d stayed at the Shield facility.  Natasha had taken to shadowing him everywhere, her presence a deterrent for the worst behavior.  And although she didn’t explicitly say it, Steve saw this behavior in Tony as another example of what she’d been trying to tell him: Tony anticipated the problem and came up with a solution to it, even before the two Shield agents had been aware there would be a problem.
The sky had lightened to a grey-blue over the eastern horizon, and Steve let himself puff out a small breath of air.  He wasn’t too late, at least not this time.  He could keep watch, a sentinel even as across town the patient — that last patient — also watched what would be his last sunrise.
“You look great.”  Steve approached, hands in his pockets.  He had a dark blue sweater on, sleeves pushed up over his elbows, a fitted pair of jeans and leather boots completing the ensemble.  It was like the last twenty-five years or so hadn’t passed for Steve — still the man out of time, even if he’d spent more time in the 21st century than he had in the 20th by this point.
In a move Pepper would have recognized, Morgan had dismissed him after eating with an explanation about how much work she had left to do, and Tony had walked out of the Guggenheim with a smile on his face, a small shake of his head.  It seemed incomprehensible that she was twenty-eight years old, already known for her own work as an archivist and historian, specializing in technology and its effect on modern life — big surprise there.  He never ceased to be amazed how much she managed to be like both parents without making it seem like she’d gotten the worst of either one of them.
Tony turned back towards the wardrobe and startled, shocked to find Steve standing in the doorway, his eyes wide as he looked at Tony’s chest.  His hands were frozen at his sides, and Tony knew there was no point in trying to hide the reactor.
The room wasn’t particularly dark given the light from the alley and street beyond.  The window was thrown open to provide some circulation, and Tony could hear the sounds of the city as they drifted in, both familiar and different, given the contrast between Manhattan and Brooklyn, 2010 and sometime in the late 1930s or early 1940s.
Natasha threw back her head and laughed.   She linked her arm through Steve.  “I know a little of what that’s like.  She sounds like a wonderful woman.  Too bad Director Carter never had the opportunity to meet her,” she added, her eyes sparkling conspiratorially.
Steve made his way through the living room, which boasted a truly sad couch with a couple of afghans thrown over the back pushed against the inside wall.  There was another window across from the couch that looked down onto an alley and a radio in the corner.  The next room boasted another window looking over the alley, a drafting table nearby to take advantage of the light, and an empty easel.  There were some partially finished drawings on the drafting table, as well as some pencils, an eraser, and pieces of charcoal.  A stool was tucked underneath, and next to the table on the floor was a milk carton of art supplies.  Steve put his finger to his lips and gestured for Tony to wait.
Steve arrived two days before his birthday, and he spent July 3rd buying a pack and camping equipment to hike to the bottom.  The next day, on what was either his 27th or 94th birthday, depending on how you counted it, he set off from the North Kaibab trailhead to follow the path down into the canyon.  The hike was grueling, even for him, the path carved out from the wall of the canyon with only inches separating the canyon wall on one side from the fatal drop on the other.  The path was made up of red and gray stone, and the arid air meant he kicked up dust in plumes as he hiked, coating his boots, socks, and legs.  When he stopped for a drink or to get food out of his pack, he found the dust on his bag and t-shirt, the only clean spaces where the straps came over his shoulders.  Steve felt like it formed a cloud around him, surrounding him and suffocating him, as he made his way deeper into the canyon.  It blanketed everything, clinging to him; it was his burdens made tangible, soaking into every pore until he knew he could never scrub it all off.  Even the sky reminded him of everything he was trying to leave behind; he looked up at the clear blue framed on both sides by the red rock, white clouds making fluffy dots between the rims, and alternately it made him think of the Valkyrie and the arc reactor.
Slowly everyone drifted to their rooms for showers and bed until only Tony and Steve were left.  Tony turned off the TV, the ceaseless chattering irritating him after seven months in 1939.  He missed jazz standards and blues playing at all hours, the full orchestra and singers live on the radio, every version just a little bit different.
Steve wet his lips and looked away from her.  “Seems pretty simple from here.  He throws money at the problem to make it go away.”
Natasha stopped, and, with her arm threaded through Steve’s, it pulled him to a stop as well.  “Are you feeling all right, Steve Rogers?  Is Brooklyn no longer home to you?  I thought you made it a point to tell everyone you met that you’re just a boy from Brooklyn!”
Natasha turned towards him and froze, warning in every line of her body.  “Bagels first,” she said ominously, “and then I’ll put you through your paces in the gym.  You won’t need a run.”
Steve just looked, awe in his expression, and his hands settled back on Tony’s hips, pulling them together just a little bit more.  The blue light shown between them, reflecting on Steve’s chest and arms.  Steve felt something in him unwind at the sight, elation starting to rise in his chest — this was real, and Tony was real, and Tony
“No,” Bucky said, moving closer to fiddle with the tuning dial.  The radio screeched into static, and it took a moment for Tony to realize Bucky was drowning out their conversation as he pretended to search for a station.  “She has tuberculosis — she’s in a special ward for it.  They trade letters because he can’t go see her.”
Steve felt himself relax into the couch cushions, tension leaking out of his muscles until he felt calmer than he had since he’d woken up.  He hadn’t realized how relieved he would feel once someone else knew.  “He got pneumonia, right before Christmas.  He was okay for a while, but it got so bad he couldn’t even catch his breath to go up or down the stairs in our tenement building.  I helped him draw a bath with peppermint and eucalyptus oil to help him breathe easier.  Then I put a towel over his head to help catch the steam, because that can help loosen things up.”  Steve paused, gesturing to his chest with one hand.  “I had a lot of experience with that,” he added.  “I could tell he hated it.  He had a breakdown — what do you call it now? — a panic attack.  From the wet towel over his face.  Well, and probably because he couldn’t breath from the pneumonia.  So I had him lean on the edge of the tub instead and draped the towel over his shoulders and arms.  It helped him relax.”
Tony paused, drawing a deep breath, but instead of continued song, silence settled over the room.  Steve glanced over, hands stilled in the process of unbuttoning his shirt.  The other man was watching him, his expression hidden in the dim light, the occasional burst from the fire drawing Steve’s attention away from Tony’s face for an instant before it snapped back.
Well — that wasn’t true.  It wasn’t that he couldn’t remember; he simply preferred not to.  The last time had been at his ma’s funeral mass, when — if nothing else — he’d found some consolation in knowing she wasn’t suffering any more.
He put his head in his hands, closed his eyes, and drew a deep sigh, trying not to remember too much.  Instead, Steve thought of his trip across the country that had left him emptier than when he’d left, of his desolation at the bottom of the Grand Canyon.  He could do this, he told himself firmly.  He could build a new team.  He could make friends with Tony again.  He could build a place for himself in this time.
Tony came to the sudden realization as well what Bucky was implying with his comment about Tony watching Steve.  It was not a benign accusation, especially whenever he was.  It was an accusation that could land him in prison, or castrated, or dead.
Tony provided him with everything.  A home, food, clothes, electronics — anything the guy might have needed, and a bunch of stuff that he probably didn’t even know he might want.  And if there was something he did want that Tony hadn’t provided, Tony had made it very clear that all Steve had to do was ask.  But instead, it was like Steve was constitutionally incapable of asking for anything, and it drove Tony absolutely crazy.  Steve was also silent and awkward, reluctant to embrace the future and all of the wonders it held.  No matter what Tony did to try to welcome him to the tower, it was always the wrong thing.
Steve turned back around to look at him, gratitude blooming in his chest.  This was the first real glimmer he’d seen of the Tony he’d known, trying to protect Steve instead of cut him down.  Steve released a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding, the tension in his chest easing a little bit.
“I think that’s when I first realized I loved him,” Steve said, feeling his cheeks warm at the admission.  “He told me they’d find a cure for my heart problems.  I thought he was lying to me.”  Steve sighed and found Natasha looking down at him intently, her green eyes unblinking.
He appreciated the design.  Unlike the railroad apartment in Brooklyn that Shield had provided him, this apartment made no attempt to conceal that it was a modern apartment in a modern building in Manhattan in the 21st century.  The railroad apartment had almost been insulting that way; he may have undergone one of the most dangerous and experimental medical treatments in human history, but Shield had decided he couldn’t live in an apartment that didn’t resemble one from the 1930s.  It was as if Shield pretended enough, they could continue the fiction they’d started when he’d woken up in that fake convalescent room, listening to the Dodgers game he’d already heard.  The Brooklyn apartment had been all wrong in the same way.   Maybe it looked like a Depression era apartment — but only if you hadn’t
Everything happened at once.  Steve leapt off the edge of the terrace, flinging his shield at Loki.  Tony took off, and his launch made him catch Loki’s green ball of light in the chest.  Loki turned to look at Steve, a wide grin on his face, and disappeared the instant before the shield would have caught him in the chest.  The shield clattered to the ground, scraping across the bricks like a stone skipped across water, smashing into the edge of the fountain and wobbling on its rim before coming to rest.
Tony lifted his head, and the exhaustion was clear in his eyes, the sweat rolling down his face and catching in his hair.  He breathed heavily, struggling with every breath even just sitting on the jumpseat, and Steve realized that Tony was probably sitting like that because he was so weak he couldn’t even hold the suit upright.  “You said before — you can’t do this — and I thought —“
There was dim light spilling into the hallway from one of the rooms near the end, and Steve could hear the faint, even beeping of the pulse oximeter.  They passed a workstation, where a nurse glanced up from a book she was reading at the desk.  She nodded once at them in recognition, her eyes flickering to the monitor in front of her, before turning a page in her book.
But the wedding band?  It had seemed neither his nor hers, instead more a remnant left over from her years with Joseph, who may have loved her but had never done so particularly well.  It reminded Steve of his ma’s bravery, of her unwillingness to be consumed by her husband’s alcoholism, of a particularly nasty past that had helped shape her into the woman he had known.  The talisman representing the ashes from which she’d risen after his death.
Steve’s expression brightened at Tony’s movement, although he tried hard to hide it.  “Enzo’s a good guy,” Steve answered.  They went into the kitchen and divided up the containers of bolognese ragù and cucuzza, Tony trying to sneak more food onto Steve’s plate.  Steve gave him a sour look, making it clear that Tony wasn’t nearly as stealthly as he’d hoped, but didn’t put up a fight.
Steve pulled away and straightened as he turned around.  Tony came to his side, wrapping his arm around Steve’s waist.  Standing near them on the sidewalk was a young man in sunglasses, jeans, and a Jets jersey with the number 88 blazed on the front and back, his arms crossed over his chest and a scowl on his face.
Thinking of the people he loved, of the way they smelled and how those scents could bring them back to him, he pulled out one of his sketchbooks.  With quick lines, he brought them back to life for a moment: his ma on the chair next to his bed, watching over him while he was sick, wisps of hair escaping from her bun.  Bucky, his head cocked to the side with a smirk, his arms thrown open, flush and insisting that they go to Coney Island for the day.  Tony, his clever hands busy as he fixed a typewriter he’d brought home from one of his clients.
The pain was the worst thing he had ever felt.  It burned through every muscle down to his bones, searing through him like a wildfire.  He heard screaming, and it took a moment for him to realize he was making that sound.  He felt ashamed, knowing he wanted to remain silent and stoic in the face of getting what he’d always wanted — a chance to make a difference, to be allowed to do the things he knew he was capable of.
“Don’t let him talk you into anything you don’t want to do,” Bucky said, his words difficult to hear as they went down the stairs, their footsteps ringing in the stairwell.  “And if you figure out how to do that, help a pal out.”
“You don’t have to do this,” Natasha offered.  She stood next to him, her hand cool on his arm even through the sleeve of his t-shirt.  “You can come sleep on my couch.”
So... I thought this was done, but obviously my brain had other ideas.  But good news!  As of posting, I have 18,428 words written for the next (last?) story!  I'll post it as soon as it's within striking distance of being done.  Thank you all for the love for this story and the series!! I appreciate it so much!!
