Castiel stood, his legs feeling a bit unsteady, and looked closely at Dean. There was something Dean wasn’t telling him, something that most definitely was not ‘fine.’ But he didn’t have the capacity at the moment to look for the truth behind Dean’s statements. Too much had been revealed when he took Michael’s hand; it was too raw and every fiber in his being railed against it. Just thinking about it, feeling it again, was nearly enough for him to shut down. And if he couldn’t accept it, there was absolutely no way Dean would. He would have to find some way to deflect Dean’s questions until Dean stopped asking.
“This may not make sense to you, but I need you to just listen,” Sam began. At Dean’s nod, he continued. “I need to speak to the helper part. The part of Dean that helps the others. If there’s a part who can hear me now, who counsels all those inside, I really need to speak to you. It’s important, and I will do everything in my power to ensure the safety of everyone in the system.”
“No shit,” Dean answered. “I’m still not on board with you just wanting to help. And I’m not happy about you getting all cozy with my brother.”
“It just came up. Along with something Chuck told me the other day. That I don’t remember how to be an angel anymore. I thought he meant because I had fallen. He probably did mean it that way.”
“Stop trying to be teacher’s pet, Sam,” Dean snapped. “Look, I’ll get over my anger. It’s just gonna take some time.”
“Apparently that’s what I do best.” Dean looked back at Cas and swallowed a lump in his throat as Cas went through another body-wracking sob.
When Sam looked up from his brother’s still form, Rowena had disappeared. He raced over to Dean, grimacing at the foul-smelling herbs; Cas already had his hand to Dean’s face
Golden-brown eyes twinkled. “Tell me how the cake is. I want your honest opinion. I can take it if you don’t like it.”
“Nuh uh.” Dean continued to pet the wing, being careful to go with the direction of the feather vanes.
Sam huffed a quick laugh. “Never mind. There’s been a new development today with the ACAA. We need a plan. And I’ve got lunch set up in the war room.”
“I don’t know, Cas,” Sam said. “No one’s brought that argument up yet, as far as I can tell. Or if they have, then, I don’t know…guilt by association? I mean, the vessels have to say yes, right? So maybe people think they should be punished for that.”
“Now,” Gabriel said, producing a metal clipboard with papers attached, “we have you scheduled for a colonoscopy this evening. Would you prefer coffee or lemon juice for your enema?”
“Yeah. Had some of ‘em myself. You know, after Hell. Good news is that they eventually fade. Lose their power. Bad news is that they suck big time.”
“We…yeah.” Sam shrugged. “We kinda fooled around. I sort of considered myself bi-curious. I mean, had I known he was a demon, I never would have.”
Dean had his hand on the doorknob before he remembered that he’d woken up on the sofa, and he didn’t remember driving to Bobby’s in the first place.
“Yeah, Dean. No wrong turn. Just the wrong universe. No bunker, so probably no Men of Letters either.”
“Dude, what the hell?” Dean complained from the floor where he’d thrown himself, trying to avoid getting smacked in the head with a wing.
“And unless I am reading everything wrong, in which case I apologize, you may have some of those feelings too.”
Gabriel’s look softened. “Doesn’t mean I can’t come visit, once it’s up and running again. Maybe take a vacation to Kansas. The ley lines here are kinda cool after all.”
Sam huffed out a laugh. “Yeah. We were about to take down the British Men of Letters. I guess I thought of that as leadership, not power.”
Swallowing down a lump in his throat, Dean forced himself to look at Cas. Cas looked sad. And determined. And something else.
Reluctantly, Sam allowed Dean to pass, then followed him out into the hallway and watched him walk toward the bathroom. “I don’t even know which Dean that was. He just seemed like regular Dean.”
“I am,” Michael answered. He let his gaze drift over each of them, a half-smile still on his face. “I repeat, I’m here to help, not harm.”
“What happened to him, Cas?” Sam asked, not even trying to hide his worry. “What did she do to him?”
Nerves fired within him, radiating pleasure as if they were incapable of registering anything else, and before he knew it, Cas was lining himself up, pulling Dean closer as if he weighed nothing. Dean felt a sudden panic—he had no awareness of Cas using any lube—but whatever Cas was doing to him felt so incredibly good, and he knew Cas would never intentionally hurt him. He relaxed and lost himself in the moment, knowing he could only ever do this with Cas.
“Well, that was kinda obvious. Hard to ignore, you know? And that was believing something outside of me. Changing my belief about myself? That’s harder.”
He could stay like this for hours, days, as long as was necessary. Time meant nothing, simply a marker humans had created to work against their own intuition, to focus on doing rather than being. So it was with startled confusion when his meditation slipped into an image, a small café with hardwood floors and a large menu hanging above the cluttered front counter, a mounted electronic tablet sitting on a cash drawer next to a brightly lit bakery display.
Sam nodded. “If they’re not displaying their wings and following all other laws, it’s now public execution. But before they kill the angel, they, um…” He put his fist to his mouth and swallowed hard. “They cut off the angel’s wings first.”
“He’ll be as safe as anyone can be,” Sam said. “Even if Michael traces him to you, there’s no way he’s going to find you. Even with military clearance, I can’t think of any way he can get to you physically.”
anything to you, which I still question. But he said he showed you the truth of who you are. And what that was, he said, was not for him to share.”
seemed to triple with that added finger, and he tentatively pushed back into it, feeling it breech him slowly.
Dean slid into the spot across from Sam, so Castiel took the chair opposite the laptop. He could smell the cinnamon in the hot cocoa and debated whether he wanted to drink it all now or delay his gratification for a little while. He decided to delay. The last time he drank a hot drink immediately after it was served, Dean became worried that Castiel had burned his mouth, as if he’d forgotten that was impossible.
Instead of answering, Gabriel began a moderate rhythm, slapping his hands on his knees in a clear four-four time. “Some men look for diamonds,” he began singing, adding a hint of a twang to his voice. “Some men look for gold. I’m just trying to find myself before I get too old. Different people have their ways of measuring success. Maybe it’s not the right way, but wrong’s what I do best.”
Castiel could feel a familiar warm tingling running through him now, a growing hum filling the empty spaces he’d learned to ignore. He zeroed in on Gabriel’s eyes, looking for some sign of deception, a cruel prank for Gabriel’s amusement. But if anything, he saw concern and compassion, attributes he didn’t think Gabriel was even capable of. “You,” he started, putting the pieces together, “you put some of your grace in the cake.”
Cas raised his eyebrows, looking excited. “It doesn’t have to be. The end of your writing career. This is the perfect opportunity for you to go solo, Dean. Let them terminate the contract, all rights revert back to you as the author, and you can take your series into self-publishing. You could set up a company that would publish your books, manage your brand the way you want it to be managed. You’ve got a phenomenal fan base. They’ll follow you. They don’t care who publishes the books, as long as you keep giving them new material to read.”
“You’ve completely healed,” Castiel noted, entering and watching as Gabriel sat down on a bed dressed in silk and linens that Castiel was certain had never once sat in the bunker’s closets.
“Really.” Dean’s voice was disbelieving, hard. “So, what, you decided that we’ll hunt some monsters and adopt the really pathetic ones?”
He closed the gap between them, reaching for the back of Cas’ head to draw him closer, and felt Cas’ lips on his own. Warm, soft, almost pillowy, with an undercurrent of electricity, as if their mere touch closed some sort of circuit. Somehow, Cas’ fingers wound up in his hair, and pulled him even closer, the other hand finding its way to where the handprint was once seared onto his upper arm.
in one night—called for something more: a reaction, a response, a reciprocation. Something. And Dean wasn’t sure what he had to offer.
Immediately, Cas was between them, blade raised. “That’s not possible,” he growled. “And you will leave Dean alone.”
“I remembered something. I never told you about it.” He shrugged. “Never figured I’d need to. But now I’m wondering if it’s important.”
After Sam left, Castiel sat down on the green couch again. “Do you want to sit here,” he motioned to the couch, “or on the bed?” The younger child would have easily chosen the couch. This somewhat older child, maybe nine or ten years old, might prefer the physical distance.
“I’d say it’s about a quarter-inch wide,” Barb said at one point. “Yeah, it’s oozing. It looks really deep… Okay, I’ll give him some.” She rummaged through the first aid kit she’d brought and found bottles of acetaminophen and aspirin. “Have you taken anything yet?”
“I don’t know, Sam.” Dean threw his hands in the air. “Your guess is as good as mine. For all I know, Chuck wanted to sideline Cas to keep us away from Jack.”
Nine-year-old Dean was a little big to be picked up, but he garnered quite a few hugs and more than a few tears, shedding some of his own with joy on his face. It might have been too late for the whole Dean at nine years old to get the kind of guidance and support he so clearly needed and deserved, but it looked like he was finding it now among the adult parts. Even Hunter Dean softened when talking with him, tousling his hair and giving him a playful, light punch on his upper arm.
Castiel followed Sam into the kitchen and positioned himself so he could see Dean’s face. He was reasonably certain he could spot changes in Dean quickly, and may be able to render assistance for Sam.
The warning traveled quickly through the mass of people, some scattering as Sam made sure they all made it back into the diner and through the eating area to a back door.
He felt arms embrace him tightly then, and he drew Dean closer to him. As if responding to some silent crescendo, they found their way off the bed and began moving together, discarding the rest of their clothes, constantly giving reassuring touches, mouths finding skin, a give-and-take of caresses and electric sparks of desire. And then Dean was before him, naked. Beautiful. His scars spoke of every battle he’d survived, and a few he didn’t, but came back from anyway.
movie, what I thought about JK Rowling’s newest books. I share a lot of YouTube videos. But I don’t have nearly as many fans as you do. So, give it up Novak. What are you offering that none of us know we need?”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas was sitting on a lumpy brown sofa, several folded blankets stacked behind him on the sofa back. The walls were a nondescript white. “How was your trip home?”
“Yeah. I was pretty much responsible for raising Sam, so I’m no stranger to being in control. But my imagination was vivid. I didn’t understand PTSD back then, so I thought my dad was battling actual monsters, ones that only he could see, some that would attack him in his sleep. I couldn’t do anything about those.”
Dean refrained from saying anything, his silence somehow adding to the sensitivity. He couldn’t shake the image now, of himself tied down, knees pulled back and spread, completely vulnerable and open to whatever Cas wanted to do to him. He closed his eyes and added a blindfold to the image, imagined not knowing what Cas was going to touch next, if it might sting or soothe, and he almost wanted to pull his legs back just to see what Cas would do. There was no way he’d ever consider making himself that vulnerable for anyone else, but something about Cas made him want to offer.
Sam watched as Dean and Cas sat back down on the bed where they’d been making out. That…was weird to think. He was happy for them, and he wasn’t lying when he said he was relieved. But he was only just now realizing that the epic eye sex they’d been having all these years was going to get worse. And he might need to invest in ear plugs. Did weird things happen when a partially-powered angel orgasmed? Did even weirder things happen when a fully-powered archangel orgasmed?
“I can’t believe I get to be on a panel with you!” Charlie squealed. “I’ve read all your books. You do pop culture references better than any author I know. Have you met Jim Butcher? I am seriously bummed that he had to cancel coming this year. But you’re here, so that makes it better. This is going to be a rock star panel. Being here with two of the greats? Heaven!” She did a little dance in her chair, causing the floor to bounce again.
Dean frowned as he made out a familiar figure sitting up from where he’d been laying on one of the picnic tables. “Gabriel? What are you doing here?”
“Yeah, I got it.” Dean reached behind him for the coffeepot to refill his mug. “Dean sucks. End of story.”
“I know, Cas. Every educated person knows that. But a lot of Americans just wanted someone to blame, and that turned the tide in the election and he won. And then in his first year in office, he started pushing for laws and signing executive orders that made it illegal for angels to go anywhere without papers identifying them as angels, or to hold jobs that weren’t menial, or to own property.”
“Yes. I can do that.” Castiel licked his lips, then leaned forward again, kissing Dean lightly on the mouth, then pressing harder.
“What?” That seemed like a nonsequitur but it must somehow make sense to Cas. “It doesn’t matter. I’ll go see what we have, if there’s some cork board or something we can use. And push pins. The Men of Letters were big on office supplies, so maybe there’s something here.”
The moment Castiel stepped inside the mall, every sense was assaulted. The sounds, colors, smells, and ceaseless frenetic activity were overwhelming, and the mall had only opened twenty minutes ago. Everywhere he looked, countless items for sale, each one vying for a second or two of a shopper’s attention. It made him feel dizzy. Humans came here for
, that maybe those orders hadn’t come from God at all. But they did, and that made it even harder to question orders that came later. Ones that had Heaven’s stamp of authority, but never came from God.
Chuck gave him a half-smile. “Same difference either way, isn’t it? But you…” He stood up and came around the desk, then leaned his hip against the front edge, looking up at Castiel. “You and I haven’t had much chance to talk. You’ve always been riding shotgun to someone else when I’ve seen you. I should’ve given you a shout-out when I had my sit-down with Lucifer. My bad.”
The young woman smiled grimly and led him to a small living area. “Barb, please.” She cleared an armful of toys off a worn, lumpy sofa and gestured hesitantly. “Sit. Can I get you anything to drink? Eat?”
Dean laughed. “You show me what you got with the knife, I’ll show you my skills in bed. Beast might be quite appropriate.”
With a rustle of feathers, both wings quickly folded themselves tightly behind Castiel’s back. “I know,” Castiel said, looking away. “I told you they were ugly.”
He heard crunching footsteps on the frozen ground behind him, recognizing the weight and pace of the walk. “Hello, Dean,” he said without turning around.
Ten minutes later, after brushing his teeth, changing into a t-shirt and sleep pants, and turning out the light, Dean crawled under the sheet and thin bedspread. He moved around, trying to find a comfortable—or less uncomfortable—position, finally rolling onto his right side. He could see Castiel at the desk, the light from his phone casting an eerie glow on his face. From time to time, the angel would look up as if searching for Dean in the dark, watch for a few minutes, then return to his phone.
“Um…” Dean had to think through his many road trips, then he snapped his fingers. “Ames, Iowa. I do on-site research for a lot of my books. This one was for
When the lights came back on, Sam picked up the brass mesh. It was not only singed, but had nearly melted from whatever happened. From Gabriel. He felt a little used. If he’d known that cleaning Gabriel’s wings was going to result in a literal orgasmic experience—or two—he might have taken different precautions. Sam thought about the look on Gabriel’s face. Or maybe he’d have been fully on board.
“You’d be right. It was only a few days later. I mean, the timing makes sense with a suicide; I can’t imagine her grief. But it just wasn’t who she was. And there’s something else too.”
“You worried about not having your grace later? ‘Cause I can guarantee, whatever prep you might need can feel pretty good too.”
“Yeah. I shouldn’t complain. She’s under a lot of stress there. Everything’s about getting ahead and trying to make partner. I just have to watch the little trickster and drum up enough clients to pay the bills.”
“All right. If you won’t go to the hospital, then let me call one of my coworkers. Her roommate’s a nurse. I don’t know what I’m doing here and I don’t want to make it worse.”
“The hall in my house.” Dean’s voice was muffled as he pointed toward the other end of the hall, on the opposite side of the stairs. “My mom and dad’s room is down there.”
No. Not on his watch. Cas had already been through too much, had suffered enough. And yeah, he could be a secretive sonofabitch, and he could make world-ending mistakes, but the guy tried. And kept trying. And kept leaving to try more. If anything, the leaving bothered him more than the trying. The leaving and the lying and the withholding information. Dean would much prefer Cas just
He let that fear slide past, the way a cloud caresses a mountaintop with misty fingers and glides away. In its wake was a peaceful calm, and he allowed himself to settle into his familiar meditation, reaching into the center of himself while at the same time feeling a connection with the energy of the universe. It wasn’t the same connection he had in Heaven. That had been clear and strong, lines of connection that flared up and carried everything he needed in a pulse point of knowingness. This was subtle and dispersed, requiring a focus that he had to maintain, a practice that could languish with disuse, rather than an ability inherent in his creation.
“Of course. Your settings are uncannily accurate. It’s sometimes hard to tell what is real and what’s fictional. I thought perhaps we could rent a cottage or find an Airbnb house and do our writing there.”
“I was already planning to attend that one.” Cas gave him a wink as he slid off his stool and fished some cash out of his pocket, setting it under the mug. “I’ll see you in there.”
Castiel nodded as he traced the flow of breath through a human body. “The vibrations stimulate the vagus nerve,” he said, “which in turn controls the parasympathetic nervous system, including heart and lungs. Yes, I can see how that would reset the nervous system.”
“So the angels have subjected themselves to this humiliation with identity papers because of orders from Heaven?” Dean asked incredulously.
“And…um…I’m going to have to move your wings around. Extend them. Rotate them a bit, to get them clean. You okay with that?”
He got two beers out of the fridge, snapped the caps off, and handed one to Cas, then clinked their bottles together. “To a new chapter.”
hooking up with Gabe now. I don’t know what I’m doing with Gabe, and I don’t know what I want to do with him. But if I did want to, Dean,
“You must be Cas,” Jess said, taking both of Cas’ hands in hers. “So here’s the rule. I’ll show you where everything is—dishes, food, bathroom—and after that you’re on your own. What’s ours is yours. You don’t have to ask for permission.”
” With a smirk, he filled a cup from what looked like an Icee machine, removed his apron revealing an AC/DC t-shirt, and moved around the counter. “One
Dean nodded. “So what are we gonna do about this implant he’s got? Sam said they’ve got GPS in them, and the last thing we want is to broadcast our location.”
And that was part of the problem. Cas had said it, but Dean hadn’t yet proven himself worthy. And he had no idea what to do with that.
“At least I’m still fighting on the side of good,” Castiel shot back. “You’re fighting on the side of Gabriel.”
Metatron, and as for why, my reasons are my own and no longer important. Three: I’ve been here, hiding—
Cas leveled a glare at him that had him involuntarily cringing. “If I could have, would I have let you trap me?”
At his silent question, all the doors save one faded into translucency. The one that didn’t grew larger and closer, the door opening wider as it seemed to approach him. He entered, curious, unafraid. Energy swirled around and near him, formless but intentional. With the intention came words.
“You should also know,” Cas continued, “that Gabriel and our abrupt departure from Saint Paul has now made national news. I saw a news story on the TV at the gas station where I purchased breakfast.”
“I am certain our Father is utterly indifferent to sexual orientation,” Castiel said, unhappy with Uriel’s strong assertion.
Castiel grabbed Dean’s arms and pinned them behind him, momentarily surprised by the unusual amount of strength Dean had. He adjusted his hold, making it harder for Dean to pull away. Instead, Dean tried to head-butt him, but Castiel neatly side-stepped that and with a leg-swipe, had Dean on the ground. “I don’t want to hurt you, Dean.”
. He focused on his upper arms, feeling hands there. With monumental effort, he brought himself back to the present, feeling fingers, toes, and those hands still shaking him. He shrugged them off, the movement causing them to still. As the bunker came back into focus, he saw Dean kneeling in front of him, his hands on Castiel’s arms. Sam still sat across from him, breathing harder than he should for someone who’d just been sitting.
“Old school, Deano. And you’re going to have to be the hands.” He wiggled his fingers. “These cuffs make things difficult.”
Gradually, Dean was able to gain more control over his breathing, making it through both inhalation and exhalation without stuttering. His vision cleared to see dark blue pools of worry. He tried a smile.
“I’m gonna take care of you, Cas,” Dean said, his voice half an octave lower. He removed the tie, then began unbuttoning Castiel’s shirt as he resumed kissing, first lips, then jaw, neck, collar bone.
Before Dean could say anything, Cas was gone, footsteps echoing on the way to the bedrooms. Dean scowled at his coffee. “Touchy.”
“Many who had houses opened them to those who didn’t. They’d work part-time jobs and take care of each other’s children. Constance came from some money, so she didn’t have to work right away. Gwendolyn…well, no one really knew much about Gwendolyn. She showed up, very pregnant, looking for a place to stay. According to my grandma, she never talked about a husband, dead or alive. But Constance took pity on her and gave her a room. With both of them expecting, it just made sense.”
“Cas has gone full angel, huh?” Dean caught his brother’s shrug, and when he turned back to watch where he was going, he ran right into Cas.
“Okay.” Cas looked at the screen and gave him a small smile. “Now that that’s out of the way, can we talk a little about the book? I’m excited to share this with you.”
“Yeah. Anubis. I remember that from when Lily was here.” Dean thought about that. “Souls who weigh on the good side go to Heaven. The bad side go to Hell. Monsters go to Purgatory. Demons and angels to the Empty. Nice and neat and tidy.”
“Not much that is helpful. He has an implant that greatly weakens his grace, requiring him to eat and drink. The food is, according to him, moldy and rancid. I’m not clear if that’s literal or figurative. He thinks that the government created the implants based in part from binding handcuffs. It binds angels to their vessels, prohibits flight, and eliminates any communication from ‘angel radio.’”
Dean spun around to see him as he walked slowly toward them and glanced briefly around the empty lot. Then he came to a stop precisely in the center of the circle Dean had poured. “I assume you’d like me here?”
“Afternoon, sir,” one of the police officers greeted Dean. “ID please.” The officer looked in through the window, spotting Castiel. “And registration for the angel. He’ll need to get out of the car too.”
. It’s about a young teen named Maddie who is a foster child by day and a sort of a superhero by night. Her parents were killed and the murderer was never caught. The police think it was someone who was a wannabe vampire, but Maddie isn’t convinced. While she tries to get along with her foster siblings, please her perfectionistic foster mother, and avoid her foster father’s inappropriate attention, she researches the case and goes out hunting for the killer. Not only does she find out that vampires exist, but she knows they didn’t kill her parents, because vampires don’t sedate their victims first.
Sam shrugged and dug around in his duffel, coming up with a pair of black gym shorts. “You know who hangs out in hot tubs?” he asked, turning back to Dean.
Cas laughed and Dean wanted to hear that more often. “If I was going to come to a convention, I figured I would do it right,” Cas explained. “And in case you were less than happy to meet me, I could hide out here.”
The inscription was crudely drawn, but effective, the locks powered by the grace of the angel they constrained. It appeared that the cuffs were designed to automatically disengage when no grace remained, or when the angel died. But there had to be a way for humans to engage and disengage the locks. He moved one of the cuffs slightly, noticing a design that made no sense within the Enochian word for
“Within this dream, it’s very real to you. But let me ask you this: do you remember your childhood?”
Castiel shifted around in the seat noisily, though Dean wasn’t sure if it was from pain or something else. A few minutes later, he leaned his arms against the top of the front seat. A glance in the rearview mirror confirmed his wings had been tucked away into their own plane again. “Based on that experience, I think it’s highly likely that every checkpoint has at least one demon assisting inspections. No angel could be smuggled through.”
Dean had to admit, as he groggily made his way through the Kansas City airport toward baggage claim, the most exciting part of a new writing project was starting it. The potential, the planning, the possibilities. He and Cas had traded all their contact information, Dean adding Cas’ selfie to the contact profile and giving Cas a selfie in return, with a plan to talk via Skype that night, laying the groundwork for their first crossover novel.
“No, it’s—” Dean tried again. “It’s not that. And this isn’t easy to talk about, for me. Can you at least listen to me, and then…I don’t know. Go from there?”
“Gabe.” Sam purposely avoided using his full name. “If you’d asked for my consent, I’d have given it.”
“She, uh… She died when I was four.” Dean was quiet for a moment as they passed under an enclosed skyway and neared a sculpture of three great blue herons taking flight from a boulder. His hand accidentally bumped Cas’ as they walked. “Freak accident. Investigators said it was a faulty nightlight in Sam’s nursery, started a fire in the wall and no one knew until the electrical went haywire. Dad gave Sammy to me to carry out—Sam was just a baby—but he couldn’t get Mom out in time. The ceiling was on fire and part of it collapsed on her.”
“No, it doesn’t. I have an interview set up for tomorrow with a local historian there, whose grandparents used to live down the road from Constance. I figure if we leave right after breakfast, we can be there by evening, meet the mom, maybe do our own investigation tonight.”
“Why knock?” Dean asked from where he sat. “Why use the door at all? Why not just show up in the room? Angels have never had a problem appearing wherever the hell they want.”
“Oh, I’m sorry, Castiel. I really can’t. Free will and all, you know? He’s where he is because of his choices. I can’t interfere in that.”
“I’ve noticed that your ‘four hours’ was leaving your body in a state of extreme sleep deficit,” Cas said from the middle row.
“It’s bigger than that, Sam. He’s always been in charge. Not really a team player any more than I am, to be honest. But we’ve got to be a team if we want to get out of here. And honestly, I’m not sure I do anymore.”
“So, one thing the US government never took into consideration when designing those implants?” Gabriel waggled his eyebrows. “The surge of grace in an archangel’s truly epic orgasm. Or…well…two of them, actually.
Dean wasn’t sure how he felt as they walked to his room. It was clear that whatever Cas was processing affected him deeply, but he hadn’t said much. What he really wanted to know was what was goin on in Cas’ head while he seemed to be doing nothing more than sitting and moving his eyes back and forth. How did that even work? Then again, throwing a bunch of herbs and dead animal parts in a bowl, reciting some Latin, and bleeding into it didn’t make a whole lot of sense either, and it clearly worked.
“Every universe has free will,” Michael said. “Different choices are made in different worlds. Why are my alternate versions unkind to humanity? You would have to look at what started it all. It’s choices. It’s always choices.”
Dean awoke to a sore low back and pain in his neck and shoulder. It was vaguely light outside, though he couldn’t tell if the sun was just past setting or just before rising. He sat up in the passenger seat, wiped the drool from his chin with the back of his hand, and glanced around the interior of the van. Sam was still driving, Cas and Jack were talking softly in the middle row, and Gabriel was conked out in the rear seat. Guy must have been really low on grace if he was sleeping. Dean almost felt sorry for him.
Castiel had seen Dean’s body before, had recreated it particle by particle, but it was so much more glorious with Dean alive in it. He wanted to run his hands over every inch of skin, to feel the warmth and perfect imperfections, to do the closest thing he could to caressing Dean’s essence. He was about to stand up and do just that when Dean dropped to his knees next to the bed, moved so he fit between Castiel’s legs, and pulled him forward for another kiss.
“He was unlike any angel I’ve ever known,” Cas said. “My grace didn’t recognize him. He didn’t behave like us. He is clearly hiding something, but I couldn’t detect any deception from him.”
“I don’t know,” Gabriel said. “It’s never happened before. But it would make sense. With enough grace, the feathers could be kept pristine indefinitely, but without grace, or with these implants,” Gabriel motioned to the brass mesh, “our vessels will age, cells will go through their birth/death cycle, and somewhere along the line, we’re probably going to have the mother of all PMS episodes.”
“It wasn’t anger, Dean,” Sam said. “You were furious. I’ve never seen you so lost and miserable. Never. You wanted Jack dead.”
Sam and Dean snorted simultaneously. “Yeah, we don’t have a great history of being told to play our parts,” Dean said. “And I’m still not willing to be ‘the Michael Sword’ or whatever.”
. Without that cleansing, it was up to humans to repent and pray for forgiveness. Many didn’t. Really, that’s when Hell was born.”
“Gabriel, I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you’re alive. What help can I possibly offer you? My grace is limited and I’m far from full-power.”
“Not anyone, Dean. You know that. Not after…everything we’ve been through. That’s what wouldn’t have worked with Jess. She didn’t know the life. I don’t think she would have accepted it. If Eileen were still alive…”
“Means we’ve got no idea,” Gabriel said. “He’s gun-shy about moving between dimensions, so he probably hasn’t left this one. But he could be having high tea in the Pleiades for all we know.”
The marketing panel was already filling up the largest of the meeting ballrooms in the hotel. Normally when he was attending another author’s reading or panel, he’d sit toward the back. Fewer people paid attention to him, and he could watch everyone in front of him, which was often as entertaining as the author or panel. But this time he wanted to be front and center.
“Which reminds me,” Cas said, “have you thought any more about our discussions on what to say if you see Crowley or Bela?”
“I may not, but you do,” Castiel replied. He glanced around the small, sparsely-furnished room before going over to a small baseboard heater and studying it. Crouching, he waved his hand in front of the vent. “This is working, but only minimally. And it's mounted underneath the window, which is not properly sealed against the elements.”
“Yes. I opened the jar and took all those parts back into me. Like tiny pieces of my grace. They’re not,” he added quickly, with a glance to Dean. “I’m no more powered now than before, but I feel different.”
Dean shrugged. “I guess.” He watched as Sam geared up for another bitchface. “Okay, yeah, I offered him some comfort, and he seemed to really want it.”
Dean did and noticed that his hands felt much heavier. It was like he could actually feel the blood flowing through them. “They’re tingly,” he said. “That’s it? That’s what you did?”
He could feel Cas pushing into him then, a finger probably, but there was no pain. It was like the best vibrator imaginable, and Dean felt himself relaxing around the intrusion, taking it in farther, seeking more.
“Well, you two had walked out in a huff. Gabriel’s doing who knows what, and I’m afraid to even think about where Jack is and how he’s doing. If we walk around much in public, we get recognized—and not in a good way—and we still need to find a way to get back. So I thought it was worth the risk.”
“I’m sorry to come without arranging it first,” Mary said as they headed down the stairs. “I know I’m not really welcome here anymore.”
Sucking in a breath, Dean closed his eyes and shuddered. But before he could say that maybe he’d changed his mind and now was good too, his stomach gurgled. He felt Cas’ lips on his, brief but insistent, and then a sudden chill as Cas stood up.
“Dean’s still... He’s still in there, isn’t he?” Sam asked. All he could think of was if the spell separated Dean’s soul from his body. He remembered too well what it felt like to try and make amends for all that his soulless self had done, and he wouldn’t wish that on anyone.
Silently, he brought his wings into the physical plane, lay back down on the bed so that he was facing Dean, his right wing comfortably behind him and resting on the bed. Slowly, he reached out his left wing, angled it so that it would cover all but Dean’s head, and rested it lightly over Dean’s body. He smiled at the profound sense of
“Just stop, Dean.” Castiel sat heavily on the foot of the bed and looked at the floor, his wings already back in their own plane. “I know. I don’t like it, but I know.”
Sam slammed the lid of his laptop down and raced to the nearest bathroom, almost not making it to the toilet in time before he heaved the entire contents of his stomach into the bowl. The images he’d just seen, and the implications of the law that had just gone into effect, seemed more shocking than anything he’d ever seen before, and he’d seen
“Dean,” Sam began, unsure what to say or to which Dean he was talking. Or was it possible all the Deans integrated overnight? “What do you want for breakfast?”
Dean warmed his hands on the outside of the mug but neither of the brothers drank yet. “Cas,” Dean started, “how much do you know about the new government policies concerning angels?”
Castiel left Sam to mix the dream root and went back to the kitchen for Dean, who was drinking sugary milk out of the cereal bowl. He picked up the cereal box to put it away, only to discover it was empty.
“Cas?” Dean eased the Impala back out onto the highway and headed west. “Can you tell me what happened? Anyone we gotta be on the lookout for?”
“If that’s the way you want to play it,” Gabriel said with a shrug. He consulted the papers on his clipboard again, pulled out a gold pen from his breast pocket, and began writing. “Patient is lucid but argumentative. Sedation may be required.”
“Oh, do not tell me you zapped us to Lebanon the country,” Dean muttered, trying to figure out how to tell Sam about their mom.
Dean couldn’t sit any longer. He stood and resumed pacing. “And why would he want me? Or comfort from me, anyway? How’s a broken hunter and a sad excuse for a human supposed to comfort an
Tween Dean was, in fact, still the dominant part and finishing up whatever he was writing when Castiel entered the room.
“Nah, I got it. Just wanted to let you know.” Dean paused. “Hey, I thought you were going to bed after dinner.”
“He’s not interested,” Castiel snapped. He sighed, shaking the stress out of his wings on the etheric plane. “I’ll get over my disappointment and things will go back to the way they were.” He opened the bedroom door to leave. “Thank you for healing my wings.”
“Hey, Cas? What’s the likelihood that this goes all the way to the top? Demons in the highest government levels and all throughout the friggin’ angel council?”
for a decade, and per your request, I have not used it except when your life was in danger. I will maintain the same boundaries with this as well.”
“A multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent,” Cas said. “Yes, that would be an apt description here, but this is not possible on earth. That’s why we need to take vessels.”
“I’m going to have you follow my hand with your eyes. Don’t move your head; just your eyes. I’m just wondering if this distance is comfortable for you.”
After getting a room, taking a quick shower, and putting on a fresh change of clothes, Sam crossed the four-lane highway, nearly deserted at this time of night, and rang the doorbell. After a few minutes, the door opened a crack, a swing bar lock preventing it from opening further. The sliver of face he could make out was young and exhausted.
“In our world,” Dean said, “God bailed, leaving Heaven to its own devices. Which led to fighting. Gabriel can tell you all about that.”
“It’s representative of every one of my failures,” Cas retorted. “It is everything to be ashamed of.”
Dean sat back down and quickly wrote a note above his signature, then handed the book back with a grin. He watched Carmen regroup with some friends and gesture excitedly back toward him. Feeling far more confident, he returned to the line of people waiting for him to sign their books, which was now much longer than Cas’ had been.
“Emotions affect us all that way, champ,” Gabriel said. “We’re not unemotional because we don’t care. We’re unemotional because we could destroy the world a few times over if we get too excited. Catch my drift?”
“Yeah. And you also said that if a few years of being with me was all you could have, it was enough.”
They stopped for fuel and to stretch their legs in Worthington, and Dean found himself feeling anxious when he started for the restrooms. Abruptly he stopped and came back to where Cas was sitting patiently in the passenger seat. “Uh, I gotta go…”
storyline. And it made sense, then, that Cas could write urban fantasy using the angels storyline. Crowley stated early on that his vessel was a literary agent from New York, so he got to be that again. This also gave me the opportunity to explore the self-publishing versus traditional (legacy) publishing realities a little more in-depth, in part because that’s my world, and in part because I know so many fanfic writers and readers who would someday like to be part of that world.
Castiel pushed his wings forward, flight feathers caressing Dean’s back and legs. “Use my wings,” he urged.
“Only,” Crowley answered. “I find two names nauseatingly redundant. And initials to be pretentious. But seeing as you are without representation,” Crowley pulled a gold case out of his breast pocket and produced a business card, “I would be happy to help you navigate this lion’s den of the book publishing world.”
“You—” Dean shook his head. “What’s in the bag?” He reached behind him, feeling the edges of the soft-sided duffel bag, and pulling it closer until he could grab a hold of it. It was lightweight, certainly not heavy enough for a few days’ change of clothes. And how would Cas have gone shopping anyway? He didn’t have any money that Dean knew of.
“Okay,” Gabriel said, “I don’t really, in the parlance of our times, play well with others. Kind of a solo act, you know? I’ve been doing this a long time and answering to others would… Well, no offense, but it would cramp my style.”
“Yeah, yeah. Look, Sam found some stuff that we really need to talk with you about. And he said he was going to make some hot cocoa.”
“I’m going to tell you again,” Sam said, sounding obnoxiously rational. “It’s not Cas’ fault. Should he have told us sooner? Yeah. Of course. Did he already have a clue how you’d react, that you’d go all terminator on Jack? Probably that too. And did he deserve you telling him he was dead to you? God, Dean, do you even
“Surprised these didn’t go all the way through his wing,” Dean said. “An angel blade would’ve. Why didn’t the bullets?”
call it that. And you don’t have to know what to do. Just go with what feels good.” Dean raised both hands to run his fingers over the arches of Castiel’s wings, then lowered them to his trench coat. “Can I take this off? I don’t know how this works with your wings.”
“Well, Sammy was, but he left to…” Dean looked at Sam, confused. “You’re not supposed to go anywhere without me. You
“Dean, you’ve survived so much. I’m in awe.” Cas let out a long exhale. “You take control back in your books.” He said it like an observation.
“I’m trying to understand that, Cas. I really am. I get the whole soul/no-soul thing. Body, soul. Two different things. And I think I understand about angels borrowing vessels. Like with Gadreel. We occupied the same body but we were separate. I wasn’t even aware of him most of the time.” He paused and then looked at Cas with trepidation. “Cas,” he said urgently, “do you think all the different Deans are aware of each other?”
“Gabriel,” Dean said, eyeing an empty chair while he got his frustration under control, “sit your ass down.”
“Essentially, yes. I’m telling you this because outside that door are seven other versions of you, all living their own dream. And in the meantime, your body—the real Dean in the real world—is in danger.”
“I’m fine,” Sam said, narrowly avoiding another cough. He swallowed several times and cleared his throat to get the impulse to go away.
“We gotta help him, Sam.” Dean paced around the war room as if planning his own battle. Which, in a way, he was, except this was all in Cas’ head, and Dean was fighting blind.
Michael turned that ethereal gaze on Dean. “If those you fight choose evil, what prevents you from choosing the same?”
“I’ll see what I can do. Thing is, they phrased it like an ultimatum. Sign or be dropped. And if they drop me for demanding higher royalties, I’m poison to other publishers.”
“Cas, you can relax,” Sam said, sitting in a chair opposite him. “We’re just going to talk for a bit.”
“Fantasy used to be about telling a great story about someplace that wasn’t here. Or wasn’t now. Exciting worlds, parallel universes, alien species. It stretched the imagination, provided an escape, allowed us to dream. But I’m seeing some fantasy authors taking a different direction and, to be honest, it’s even more exhilarating. I’m seeing them taking the adventure within—an adventure within the soul. Instead of sweeping settings and daring plots, I’ve been reading sweeping character arcs and daring choices.”
“Here’s what I’d like you to do, Dean. Would you draw a picture of what you think the baby will look like? Or maybe a picture of your whole family together? I’ll be back as soon as I can.” Castiel handed back the picture of himself. “And keep this safe for me.”
, are inside him. He doesn’t get that they’re all taking turns with his body. How are we going to break that to him? I don’t think any of the parts we’ve seen so far are going to take that well.”
“Wait-wait-wait…” Dean pointed his strip of bacon at Castiel. “You’re telling me that Hell didn’t exist before Christianity?”
Michael glanced at Jack, then Sam. “In a fractured, concrete world of contrasts, of light and darkness, there will be good and evil. That allows choice. Good or good is no choice.”
Dean seemed to find his voice again. “Are you telling me you—” He paused, took a breath and tried again. “Are you telling me you and Gabe had
Castiel still didn’t know what to do with his hands, but he wanted them on Dean, without question. He cupped Dean’s face, only to discover that now his arms were in Dean’s way. Readjusting to the back of Dean’s neck, then his shoulders, Castiel gave up trying to figure it out and began yanking Dean’s overshirt off at the same time Dean was working the dress shirt off Castiel’s shoulders.
The sound of his door opening woke Sam from a restful sleep with no hint of nightmares. He didn’t bother to open his eyes as he directed his thoughts toward Gabriel.
He was not bound by the orders from Heaven he’d overheard. It made moving around a little more difficult, as he was still on Heaven’s most wanted list. But it also meant that he perhaps had some freedom to navigate around the human laws as well. Unlike most angels, he’d had the experience of being fully human. Maybe, finally, that experience could become something more than his worst nightmare.
Dean stood with Sam just beyond the sandbox, angel blade at the ready, willing to lend a hand if needed—because most angels are dicks, and Cas was on their hit list.
It wasn’t too early to drink, was it? No, it most definitely was not. Dean poured himself a couple fingers of whiskey, enough to start to erase what a shitstorm this day had quickly become.
Oh. Memories of the previous night flashed through his mind. The shower. Gabe’s wings finally being clean. Him… Yeah. Then healing himself.
“Yeah,” Sam said with a sigh. “Okay. I’m going to create a spreadsheet. Might be overkill, but…” He typed for a few moments. “I’ve got three identified so far. The child who can see your wings. The adult who was Dad’s…”
He tried again, licking the entire cockhead, feeling its velvety texture and spongy give as Cas whimpered. It was now or never, and Dean was not a quitter. Hoping that his teeth were shielded properly, he took Cas’ length into his mouth, pretending for a moment that it was a strange-tasting corndog as he massaged the underside with his tongue, then pulled back enough to swipe his tongue in a full circle around it before descending once again.
“You did laugh,” the man chastised gently. He returned his attention to Castiel and his companions. “I’ll see you off.”
The guy nodded once, and Dean led the way toward the door, only to hear, “You’re welcome, Dean,” behind him. He spun around but the table was empty. No plate, no cup, no biscuits, no farmer guy.
Cas nodded. “I make seventy percent of the retail price on most ebook sales, and between forty and fifty-five percent on paper books. I’m looking into doing audio books too. If you received fifty percent of the retail price of all your books sold in the next year, assuming your sales numbers stayed the same, what do you think you’d make?”
Dean chewed his bottom lip. “How about this? Numerous miraculous healings, but at each of them there was someone—an EMT, a tow truck driver, maybe just a concerned citizen—who had his or her hands on the person who was healed. Or on a person who survived something unsurvivable. But then after the fact, no one knows or recognizes this EMT, driver, citizen. Is Waterville a small town?”
“It’s okay, Cas,” Dean said, perhaps misinterpreting his anticipation for fear. “I’m just going to do the same thing I did on the backs.”
Castiel had to break eye contact then, feeling guilty for not saying anything for so long. “Since Hell.”
“You want a—?” Castiel tried to make sense of that. Of course. Children thrive on human touch and interaction. “Yes, you can have a hug.”
“I’m fine.” Castiel eased his shirt back on and carefully buttoned it. “Dean, how good are you at reconnaissance?”
“No, that’s—” Sam let out a quick breath. “Thank you. But that’s not why I brought it up. Right after, Dean and Bobby brought me back to Bobby’s house. I was unconscious for a while. But in my head, I was trying to find my way back to my body. To wake up. And along the way, I met two other pieces of me. The soulless version of me, who was a total dick. And the…the version that…the part that remembered the cage. Being in it. What happened there.”
“I might have a way,” Gabriel said softly. He looked up and met Sam’s gaze, then added more confidently, “I can fix it. I’ve spent a long time running away. It’s time to go home. And I think I know a way to help you with evil-Michael too.
“Where is he?” Dean said as he leapt up off the bed. Seeing Sam only a few feet away, he froze. “What’s going on?” Noticing Castiel’s bandaged arm, he added. “What happened to you?”
“Rest would be wise,” Castiel said. “Healing takes a lot of energy. Do you want me to—?” He held out two fingers.
Then they were gone, a couple of inches too far away. Cas licked his lips with the tip of his tongue and Dean’s thoughts immediately began to question whether Cas’ tongue might be as soft as a rose petal, or maybe softer because it was wet and hot and… Dean lunged forward, closing his eyes and pressing his lips to Cas’ again, moving them and feeling their softness, and then they were open a little and Dean licked into the space, feeling heat and an unidentifiable tingle.
Barb opened the door to the right and flipped on a light switch. The room was small and cramped with a crib, toddler bed, changing table, toy bin, short bookcase full of picture books, and an upholstered rocker that looked like it had seen better days. The closet didn’t have a door, but was empty, save a small chest of drawers. A room-darkening shade was pulled over the window. The curtains appeared to be dark sheets hung from a thin curtain rod. The overall feeling was oppressive.
They watched as Lot went outside and shut the door, but the barrier didn’t block Castiel’s angelic hearing.
“What the hell, Cas?” Dean asked quietly while their tablemates were talking among themselves. “I have readers. You have
“It is dangerous for you here. Not for your father, but for you. You must take leave. Return home to your mother. Quickly.”
The backs of his wings were not nearly as sensitive, and the massage had felt very good. Relaxing, even. But the front was a different story, and he didn’t know how to tell Dean without making him uncomfortable. It was clear that Dean was uncomfortable knowing some of the things he had shared while feeling so relaxed. There was a benefit to staying tightly controlled; words didn’t slip out that may be better off left unsaid.
“No,” Dean interrupted. “Don’t go there. She had a part, yes, but now is not the time to put it all on her. I can’t take that.”
“You’re always doing stuff for us,” Dean said softly, working at another knot. “Even the big stuff. The war in Heaven. I didn’t see it at the time, but I get it now. It was still for us. And the little things. You think of us before you think of yourself.”
“I know. I do. I get it now. And, you know, you were right. I couldn’t see it then. It took me a long time. But I get it.”
“No, you’re not…” Dean shook his head. “I’m not sayin’ this right.” He stood and motioned to Castiel’s bed. “Can I sit next to you?”
“That was the part I didn’t count on,” Gabriel admitted. “From where I stand, death for you is just a transition. You move to a new place. It’s not like you’re
“Gabe…I’m…I’m sorry, okay?” Dean tried to get his breathing under control. “There’s got to be something you can do. Even just check on him. Please?” He pointed his chin at the dashboard. “And there’s a mesh collar thing there that Cas made for you. To interfere with the GPS in your chip. Can you reach it?”
“Eye movement desensitization and reprocessing,” Sam said. “Does your department use it for trauma therapy?”
With a loud bang, one of the soundstage doors swung open and Chuck walked in. Or maybe a semblance of Chuck.
“Look, I don’t know how to call an angel in this universe,” Dean said, still scanning the lot for irregularities. “And I don’t know your name, so I can’t, like, pray to you or anything. But if you can hear us, we’d really like to talk with you.”
Dean noticed a spattering of freckles on Cas’ stomach, with one particularly large freckle or mole just above his right nipple. He forced his gaze back up to Cas’ face, whose eyes reflected flashes of light from the bubbling water.
“Yeah, actually. I heard someone say Sammy needed my help. And I still haven’t made dinner.” He moved to get off the bed.
The synagogue wasn’t much better. The rabbi there told him that the way to God was through prayer, study, and charity, and that it wasn’t achieved overnight. It took decades. A lifetime. Castiel saw no reason to commit decades to calling for his father. Jack didn’t have decades.
“Thanks,” Dean said, taking the hot cup gratefully and sipping. “Wow, that’s still really hot. Did you mojo this to keep it hot on the walk back?”
Dean hesitated for a half-second as if he was about to say something, then returned to kissing his neck, nipping at the tender skin beneath his ear, over his pulse point, teeth dragging across his Adam’s apple. “Was gonna suggest,” Dean said, “that we lose the clothes, ‘cause I don’t know when or if we’ll get to do this again.” He rested his head in the crook of Castiel’s neck for a moment before leaving a kiss there. “But I don’t want you thinkin’ you’re a quick lay. You’re worth more than that, Cas. I wanna do this right.”
Dean ran a hand over his face. “I don’t know. Nothing’s ever easy, is it? I’ll talk with Cas about it, see what he wants to do. Right now I’m just interested in writing with him. Maybe we can work the publication details out later.”
as the headlights skimmed over it. Deciding to go with the theme, Dean plugged the Beatles’ White Album into the cassette player. The bluesy, folksy guitar of Revolution No. 1 had him tapping on the steering wheel until Gabriel starting singing along. Making up his own words.
“Good. The great thing about fiction is that creators can take artistic license. It’s all about enjoying the ride.”
Castiel thought fast. “Having an automatic dishwasher would make it less likely that we could share this task together.”
Sam chuckled and poured a generous amount of baby shampoo into his hands, then rubbed them to create a lather. He started at the top outside of the wing, working his fingers into the base of the feathers, feeling sandy grit and the sticky remnants of the pepper gel loosen as he rubbed. One feather was particularly askew, then detached when Sam rubbed his soapy fingers along the vanes.
Dean was a little nervous about the sensitivity of his feet, but Cas seemed to know exactly where and how hard to rub to avoid tickling. Several of Dean’s toes popped as Cas pressed and gently pulled at them. Feeling a little sleepy from all the attention, it seemed perfectly normal when Cas drizzled more massage oil over his ass, fingers digging into the muscles of his cheeks and finding yet more knots and sore spots, especially from the center of his cheeks out toward his hips.
“Yeah? That’s good. That’s really good, Cas.” Sam paused. “So, I did a little more research, because I was concerned about doing these sessions so close together. Normally that’s ill-advised, but…”
“A little gratitude never hurt.” Gabriel stared at him. “So… You know the whole big brother speech, right? Hurt my little brother, and I’ll carve your heart out and make you watch while I eat it?”
“No shoulds here, Cas,” Sam said. “It’s whatever you notice. No right or wrong. Ready?” A pause. “Just notice.”
“And I bought a bunch of fresh fruit for tomorrow’s breakfast. I wasn’t sure what your favorites were, so I got some of each. Berries, melon, the standard apples, oranges, and bananas.”
Dean shrugged. “They were colorful, pretty. They smelled nice. I touched a petal when she wasn’t looking; it was soft like nothing I’d ever felt before.”
Dean paused, tape in midair. His instincts said to pay attention this time, and he pulled over to the side of the highway.
Cas visibly shuddered, and it didn’t look like the bad kind. “Yes, it would be extremely pleasurable.”
“It doesn’t have to. I have managed all these years to not act on these feelings. I can manage forever, if necessary.”
Eyes still blazing, Jack raised his hand and the rift shrank into a tiny point and disappeared. “I want
Dean looked surprised. “Might’ve been that cold I had. The guys are always bringin’ somethin’ in to work.”
“Normal bullets, yes,” Gabe explained with a tired sigh. “But angel blades cross all the planes. That’s how we can bring them into the physical plane and back out again. So used against us, it doesn’t matter what plane we’re in. We needed to be able to go after things that could traverse planes as well.”
Dean stood, knowing his mouth was probably hanging open, but not caring. As best he could tell, each of Cas’ wings was close to nine feet long, mostly covered in black feathers that looked iridescent in the light, reflecting subtle hues of the rainbow. In a few small places the feathers had been destroyed, leaving darkened, scarred skin stretching over muscle and bone. These things were not fluffy, Dean thought, entranced by the sight of them. They were solid, strong, and he imagined they could be deadly in a fight.
The checkpoint at the Iowa-Minnesota state line just outside the barely-there town of Bigelow was little more than a small-town cop accompanied by another one of those strangely-uniformed demons, and Dean gave himself a silent pat on the back for sticking to back roads. The cop only asked for ID this time, not requiring Cas to exit the car or be subjected to any more pain or humiliation.
Dean reached around Cas’ waist and dipped his hands underneath his waistband, then shoved the offending garment down. He grabbed Cas’ ass and pulled it toward him, feeling a hard line of heat against his own. That was more like it, and he gasped as the sensations intensified.
“No you won’t,” Jack said, moments before disappearing. Another few seconds and he was back, breathing heavily, standing next to the van.
Dean jumped off the bed again and ran over, putting his arms around Castiel’s waist. Which proved to be a little awkward, considering that Dean—or Dean’s body—was slightly taller. Still, he embraced Dean carefully, forcing himself to think of Dean as a child, not as the adult who had kissed him only hours earlier.
The door opened slowly and the Dean that Castiel had last seen gorging himself on Lucky Charms stood in the doorway. “You’re—” He faltered, then gave a hopeful smile. “You’re here. And…you have wings.”
“Jack?” Sam said aloud, closing his eyes and focusing on him. “Jack, can you hear me? We really need you to come back to the motel. We’re okay—everyone’s safe. But we’ve learned some things that will help, things we need to share with you. Please? Jack? I promise, you’re not going to hurt us by hearing us out, okay? Jack?”
Another gentle brush of fingers and Sam felt a definite ease of the tension in his chest and a warmth in his back where he knew the hole was. A slight tingling spread out from his chest into his arms, slowly dissipating into what felt like small bubbles popping against the skin of his arms and hands.
“I need you out here, Sam. I don’t know how the dream root will affect all the parts and their control over his body. If one of the parts takes control, I need someone here to keep him safe. I don’t know how long this will take.”
“Hey, I can do calming,” Dean argued. “I’m not all action and adventure.” He thought for a moment. “You ever seen
“Your brother offered his best,” Castiel said, fully immersed in the memory. “You brought what was easiest. You can improve, and you will be completely forgiven. You have the power to turn this around. You rule over sin.”
The gun was nothing but doubt. An all-too-human twitch of his index finger, a badly-aimed shot, someone moving into his sights before he could abort the trigger pull—any of it could mean a loss of life that he never intended. And there had been so much loss already, some intended, some not. Some intended at the time but so deeply regretted later.
“Find me?” Chuck asked. He wore jeans and a red sport coat over a light blue button-down shirt. And dark-rimmed glasses. “You’re persistent, I’ll give you that, Castiel.”
The SUV and crushed police car came to a stop in the middle of the short tunnel created by the overpass, and it only took two steps for Castiel to walk up to the front side of the SUV and hold one hand out. Dean could see it glow briefly, but didn’t feel anything as Cas executed an electromagnetic pulse. The squad car lights went dark, the computer-controlled engines around them silenced, and Dean could hear the groan of metal as Castiel ripped the rear door of the SUV off its hinges.
“Great, man,” Dean said, cracking eggs into a bowl. “After all you’ve been through, I think you needed it.”
“First,” Cas said, “we clean up and get dressed. Then we feed you.” He helped Dean to stand, then brushed a hand over Dean’s cheek, leaving Dean feeling instantly clean and dry.
“Six,” Dean said, packing the two covered pies he’d baked into a shallow basket with plenty of cushioning. “They’re about forty-five minutes away, so we need to leave as soon as possible.” He carried the basket out to the Impala, checked to make sure the car cover was still over Cas’ old beater in the carport, and came back, expecting Cas to be ready to go. He wasn’t.
“Do they realize that they’re not only killing the angels but also the vessel’s owner?” Castiel asked, anger clear in his voice.
Castiel felt his pocket before he realized it wouldn’t have made the transition to the physical world. “I did.”
“I would assume Heaven, but… He is an enigma, Dean. I don’t trust him. I don’t know how he’s doing what he’s doing. But he’s clearly powerful.”
Dean felt tears sting his eyes and blinked a few times to clear them. It was maybe a little sappy, but truth be told, this sounded like the kind of series he’d love to read, and his curiosity was piqued.
Cas worried his lower lip between his teeth before speaking. “I have a whirlpool suite. Three-person whirlpool in the room. I’ve been really wanting to try it out.”
he knew. But it was a certainty he felt with his entire being, however strange that was to explain. “My beloved is mine, and I am his,” Sam read in a near-whisper. He looked around the room. “What
Rolling his eyes, Castiel complied. And he did feel a little better, then. Maybe less inclined to storm back in. He breathed again, letting out a long hum on the exhale.
Castiel lowered his gaze, unable to watch Dean’s face anymore. Finding it difficult to form words in any language, he managed to say, “I know I am unworthy—”
“Perhaps we should show him some different items, to see which parts those items elicit. We still need to know how many parts there are.”
Dean felt dread pool low in his gut. “No, Gabe. That’s not a good enough answer. You don’t get to sound like a doctor telling me all you can do is make him comfortable. He saved your fucking life! Now save his!”
“Hey!” Dean shouted, stepping on the brakes and pushing the feathers away while ducking to try and see out the windshield.
Cas gave the audience what looked more like a smirk. “I decided early on that I never wanted to be bound to anything other than my own conscience, free to make my own decisions and reap the rewards or suffer the consequences, so I’ve self-published every one of my books and I’ve never once regretted it.”
Dean had just pulled the fries from the oven and put the freshly-cooked burgers in to stay warm when there was a knock on the door. He checked the peephole just in case, only to be rewarded by Cas on the other side.
Dean recognized several of the other authors at the table and introductions were smooth except for one point when Dean forgot to call Cas ‘CJ.’ “So many names, it’s hard to keep them all straight,” Dean explained.
“You think you have reason to fear me,” Michael said, “but you are mistaken. Your universe is fractured and concrete. The Christian mythology played out physically. That is but one universe among many. Here, hell is a human construct, a misery completely of human creation.”
“This is what you are not yet understanding, Sam. You already have a lot of power. You fear moving into it—you fear claiming your full agency—because you anticipate the same disastrous results. But those results happened because you gave it up, not because you moved into it. What is in the way
“The angel did suggest asking,” Castiel said. “He said that instead of using holy water and silver, we could have asked him.”
“Wait wait wait,” Dean held one hand up. “You’re sayin’ you want me to forgive you so you can feel better about yourself?”
“Need I remind you of the time you dropped me in an active volcano?” Cas asked, looking like this was still a sore point.
Sam felt torn. He’d spent several hours going back over the research he’d found about the implants, and searched in vain for anything new. Some of the sites he’d bookmarked earlier had been taken down, and he couldn’t rule out government interference. He was grateful he’d taken screenshots of everything useful, just in case he didn’t have internet access. He just didn’t know enough about them, and thought, now that Gabriel had some time alone, maybe he could test a few things out, see what he could now do without the cuffs binding him.
Back at the car, Dean studied the map on his phone. “It’s about three more hours to St. Paul and I think I found a decent motel about ten minutes away from where they’ve got Gabe. I say we head straight to the motel and get a room, then grab something to eat while you let Gabe know we’re in town. We can do some recon later tonight and tomorrow morning.”
“Jeez, you sound like Mom did. Fine, I’ll go to bed.” He crawled under the covers, fully dressed, and settled himself in. “No fun staying up with you anyway.”
“If we’re going to treat each other as equals, I need to know that you’re going to be honest with all of us. Not just me. And not just when I ask a question.”
“Is eating this going to zap me back to my own world?” Sam nibbled on the edge of the biscuit. It tasted exactly like a biscuit.
Lover Dean chuckled. “Why do we do that? Avoid them? Those moments are when we allow ourselves to be vulnerable. When we finally say things that matter.”
“All right, Sleepyhead. Shoes and coats off.” Dean came around the bed and tugged off his shoes, then helped him out of both coats. He pulled back the covers. “In you go.”
“That’s other people, Dean. That’s not my boyfriend’s brother. He means a lot to you, so he’s important to me.”
“You sneaking food from the kitchen while we’re asleep?” Dean asked in a whisper, finding the thought amusing.
And then those wings snapped open and he was over the edge, soaring, waves of pure bliss washing through him.
“We make the rules here,” a man shouted. “We have the money, the power, and the right. So bring them out. We’ll show them some hospitality.”
say I’d stay,” Gabriel said defensively. “And I will. For a while. But taking on the US government? And Lucifer? Again? Not really on my bucket list.”
Sam snorted. “Since I was in, like, fifth grade. So what’s his name? What does he write? How’d you meet?”
Castiel held his hand out and after a hesitation, Dean took it. “We’re not going far,” Castiel said.
don’t have three hours. Between the cuffs and the implant and everything else you’ve had me doing, I’m running a little low myself.”
. The one who pulled my feathers wasn’t human. He was a demon. He’ll spot every angel who comes through that checkpoint. Human ID will do me no good.”
“Well, that’s the other part of it,” Sam said, his tone definitely filled with fear. “They’re offering rewards to friends, family members, colleagues, neighbors, anyone who had any sort of relationship with the person who offered themselves to be a vessel and who noticed a change in their behavior.”
“Which will be less, Bela. I don’t think Crowley will be happy about that. But let’s see, huh?” Dean pulled out his phone and scrolled through the contacts. “I’ll just give him a quick call—”
Removing his hand, Castiel waited for Dean to rinse the dish and hand it over. “You’re using past tense. Do you think we no longer do?”
“Right,” Dean grumbled, getting to his feet and punching off the TV. “I’m gonna thank you for some brain-eating amoeba.”
“So, what I need to know,” Sam said more calmly, “is, when you feel these feelings or memories or sensations come up, what do you already know how to do to lessen them? Like, is there some angelic calming technique or something?”
Dean waited for Sam to leave, then nudged Cas’ arm with the back of his hand. “You got my vote of confidence too.”
“I agree. I tried to negotiate—” Castiel broke off as the room and the chair suddenly tilted at a dizzying angle. He grabbed the arms of the chair to keep from falling, but it seemed he and the chair and the entire bunker were tumbling through space.
“You…?” Hunter Dean shook his head. “Oh, you’ve gotta be kidding me.” He turned to Castiel. “This your idea of a joke?”
“Peace, bro.” Gabriel held his hands up, then turned to Dean. “I think I told you these implants were designed for, you know, standard angels. So it has a dampening effect on a bunch of things. The cuffs prohibit even more. No flying, no teleporting, no one-handed buffing the banana.”
“How long did you sleep last night?” he asked Cas, as he found the pans he’d need. He hoped the question was specific enough about time and vague enough about location that Sam wouldn’t pick up on any room-sharing, much less any bed-sharing. Totally platonic thing, though. He and Sam had shared a bed on countless occasions, though admittedly, he never woke feeling so damn
“Yeah,” Sam said on a quick exhale. “We need to take a few days. I’m mostly healed, but not a hundred percent. Cas’ wing needs to finish healing. Gabe
“Ha ha,” Sam replied, clearly with no appreciation for his brother’s early-morning humor. “Bacon’s almost done. I cracked eggs in that bowl,” he waved his hand toward a counter, “but I’m not sure how you’d like them. I was thinking maybe scrambled this morning?”
“I think mostly they’re just there to make sure the patient is safe, keep them grounded, and avoid making the trauma worse. EMDR can bring up a lot of old stuff and it can lead to a crisis if not handled correctly.”
“I—” Cas took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “I was thinking you could share your bed. With me.” He stared at the far wall for a few moments. “I feel better when you’re…close.”
“I’m only saying it because if I’d said what I wanted to that mom, she might’ve taken it out on the girl later. Would’ve felt good, saying it, but it could make things worse. So, it’s probably best you needed me.”
“I will make certain you get crayons, Dean.” Another thought struck him. “Where did you get the paper?”
“Gavriel is the angel of strength to resist desires,” Michael said. “Self-restraint. His very name means ‘God is my strength.’”
“My apologies,” Castiel replied, dragging himself back into the moment. “The light and sound you may experience are triggered by creating openings between the planes. If I manifest my wings quickly, it can have that effect. But I can also do it more gently, and that makes very little sound.”
“Taught them to Sammy,” Tween Dean added in unison. He pointed to the younger Dean. “Remember this number: fifty-two fifty-two.”
Dean grabbed his water and followed Bela to a table for two in the back of the restaurant, near the restrooms. She already had two stacks of papers and a lightweight jacket at her seat.
“Aha. That’s just a matter of perspective. You humans are taught to think about the big picture differently. Behave yourselves and your reward is an eternity in Heaven, right? I hate to burst your bubble, but our universe’s Heaven isn’t really about reward. You’ve probably already figured that out.”
Dean looked away. He couldn’t bear to see Cas’ reaction. Dude was an angel, even if most of Heaven hated him. He never really belonged here. “Unless you don’t want to stay.”
Blinking sleep out of his eyes, Sam replied, “Uh…yeah. Sure. Hang on a minute.” He tossed the phone back on his nightstand, stood and stretched, then opened his door. “Mom?” The hallway was empty.
It was only a few minutes until Dean came sauntering back through the hallway. “Dean,” Cas began. “Do you remember shooting me?”
“Want you to feel good, Cas,” Dean gasped, hearing the slapping of their skin together. He canted his hips up to meet Cas and felt an explosion in his lower body as Cas nailed his prostate. “Oh, God, Cas…”
“That’s what set you apart, Castiel. The other angels? They only knew duty or whatever their agenda du jour was.”
“No, Cas…” Dean sighed and rubbed his eyes with one hand. “That’s not what I meant. It’s not you. In fact, I haven’t been this happy in a long time. You did that. It’s just…all this with my contract. And your brother. Seems like everything went wrong at once.”
“I think he and I are opposite sides of the same coin,” Suicidal Dean said. “I felt powerless. He feels powerful. But they both stem from the same self-hatred. You all gave me my power back.” He looked at the younger children. “You reminded me of who I am because you accepted me the way I am. Failures and all. He needs the same thing.”
Sam poured Dean a bowl of Lucky Charms, brought him milk and a glass, and hesitated before joining Castiel at the doorway. “You find out anything more?”
“You don’t see the goodness in yourself, Dean. But I see it in you. I believe your mother sees it in you. Please take my word for it until you can see it for yourself.”
“Jack’s got healing abilities,” Dean said. “And…” he shrugged. “You know… If we maybe take this slowing down thing with Jack as an ease into retirement… Less chance of getting dead, right?”
“Certainly, Sam.” Castiel watched Sam leave the kitchen, then returned his attention to Mary. “Was there more you needed to tell us? Or me?”
“More like politics.” Cas’ tone sounded melancholy as he continued the massage. “There was a party for my high school graduation and a reporter attended and interviewed me about Anna’s death and the pressures faced by teens in the public eye. I told her what I knew, what I thought, what I’d witnessed, and none of it was anything my family wanted to be public knowledge. The story was picked up by national news and spread from there. My family has been after me to make a retraction, to ‘set the record straight’ and conform to their idea of what happened. Which is to say, she was sick and weak and it had nothing to do with the family.”
The scene shifted into something new, the Empty lighting up to reveal a deserted soundstage covered in dark fabric. The cosmic entity seemed unaware of the change, its focus entirely on Castiel as it aimed its foot and kicked.
His memories turned more domestic. After hunts, when they’d celebrated back in the bunker, Cas joining him in a beer, even nibbling on a pizza. Laughter. Hugs. What if it was…more? Would he want more?
“It’s…a shield of some sort,” Cas said, examining the needle closely. “It doesn’t conduct any energy at all. Like some kind of armor?”
David’s shield, the six-pointed star—seemed to float in his inner vision, before it grew larger and took the place of Naomi’s chair. His neck, wrists and ankles were shackled to five of the star’s points, spread-eagled and helpless. Naomi approached then, far taller than Sam, with silver wings, feathers sharp as knives. She lunged at him with an angel blade, and Castiel somehow twisted his body around, still bound to the star, so that her blade shattered against the back of the star.
“In fact,” Sam added, “I came across a series of three exposés written by a White House intern who was digging into this. Years ago, he had written some ‘this is what the White House is really like’ articles published in a few Washington newspapers, mostly boring stuff, until he got ahold of information on this task force. He claimed to have some really damning evidence that what they were doing was illegal, but he disappeared before any of it was published. And since he had a Russian name—Dmitri something—I don’t know if it was the Americans or the Russians who wanted to silence him. I can’t find anything at all about him after the third exposé was published.”
He heard movement on the other side of the door, then the door unlatched and opened slightly. Castiel pushed it open further and stepped inside. The room was dark, with shattered pieces of furniture scattered about. The floor appeared to be gray concrete. After closing the door, Castiel examined the room further, finding a gun and several spent bullets, a hunting knife, several empty bottles of prescription medication, dozens of liquor bottles, and an angel blade. He picked up the angel blade. It looked and felt to his skin like an authentic blade would, but it was missing the vibrations that identified the angel to whom it belonged. He set it back down again and turned to Dean.
Being as careful as possible, Sam gently worked baby shampoo around the edges of the wound, trying not to get too much in it. He moved slowly, registering each of Gabriel’s breath hitches and the one hiss he let out when Sam dislodged a particularly large blood clot that had formed around a couple of feathers. When at last the wound looked clean enough to satisfy Sam, he moved down the wing, repeating the process at the lower wound.
“Dean. Look at me.” Castiel waited until Dean looked at him again. “You are my friend. At times, you have been my only friend. I gave up everything I had, and everything I thought I was, for you. I don’t regret giving any of that up. Even if I never fly again, if my grace eventually withers and dies, I don’t regret it.”
“I’m fine, Dean,” Sam said, torn between wanting to laugh and wanting to yell at Gabriel. “Go check on Cas.”
“If you want to go next door to the dollar store and poke around, see if they have any journals you like, go ahead. I’ll just be a few minutes.”
“Great. That’s, uh…great.” Dean turned to the others. “Y’all ready then?” He caught their nods and then clapped Farmer Guy on the shoulder. Firm shoulder. Warm skin. Felt human. “Thanks, buddy.”
“Cas!” Sam reached for Cas’ arm, but missed, his fingertips grazing Cas’ coat. He should never have brought up Heaven. Of course he knew Cas felt useless, had felt that way ever since the angels fell. Why did he have to dig into Cas’ sore spot? And Dean’s, for that matter, suggesting that Dean was at fault for people leaving him. He thought back to his conversations with Jack and Gabriel. Did he say something that sent them off?
“’Course I do. What of it any adult remembers. Family picnics, road trip vacations. All the usual stuff.”
“You are concerned about what will happen to your soul if Heaven dies,” Castiel finished, remembering what Sam had said.
Whatever was going on with Dean, Castiel did not like it. Ever since their conversation before dinner, Dean seemed closed off. He wasn’t giving off any waves of anger, but he’d shut himself off from everyone, it seemed. Once everyone had finished eating, Castiel brought the dirty dishes over to the sink, where Dean was filling the basin with soapy water.
“Guess that leaves us with the ring of holy fire,” Dean said. “Trap him until we get answers.” He sighed. “How are we gonna get holy oil in this universe?”
“Yeah?” Dean could feel the alcohol dulling his shyness and buoying his confidence. “What do you think so far?”
Dean paused, then looked away. “Yeah, okay. But, like, schoolwork only. Stay out of anything that wasn’t in the classroom when the teacher was there.”
“I’m sorry, Codi. I don’t do photos. But if you’ve got something to sign, I’ll give you an autograph.”
Cas appeared to take stock of himself, then resumed his initial reclining position on the bed. “I will be. Please don’t stop the movie on my account.”
The muscles tightened again, feathers laying flat. “I know black is not an ideal color for an angel’s wings,” Castiel said in a small voice.
Sam’s eyes widened as he realized what was actually happening, then shielded his eyes as the lights went out again and he heard the brass mesh fall to the shower floor.
An unpleasant sound woke Sam from a deep sleep, scattering whatever dreams he barely remembered. He yanked the pillow over his head and tried to go back to sleep, but the sound continued. After an interminably long time, it finally stopped, only to start again a few moments later. Groaning, he sat up and began searching for the source. Ah. Phone. Caller ID simply said, MOM.
“No, I think I need to be here. I can hear your voices from the bathroom.” He eyed the table. “But maybe we move this to the library. Chairs are more comfortable.”
“I want to understand it better,” Sam said, shaking his head. “I can’t explain it to Cas very well if I don’t understand it myself.”
“I’m fine. You’ve done your due diligence. I don’t want to do a session today. I’m tired, my head hurts, and as you might say, I have no more fucks to give.” Cas started to close his door, but Dean shoved his foot in the way.
“Great,” Dean said. “Cas, you’re with me up front. Let’s get our phones back on. I want to know if Sam’s checked in.”
“Yeah, of course.” Dean stepped to the side and Castiel entered a nearly-exact replica of Dean’s room in the bunker. The only difference he could spot, having recently put Dean’s real bedroom back together, is that this one had nightstands on both sides of the bed, and enough pillows on the bed for two people to share it.
“I never forgot it, if that’s what you’re saying. But I haven’t thought about it in a long time either.”
Cas sat up, frowning at the mess on his stomach. “I’ll get us washcloths.” He stood and made his way into the bathroom, returning a few minutes later and handing one of two wet washcloths to Dean. Taking it, Dean smiled at the glorious warmth from the wet cloth before he wiped himself down. He followed Cas’ lead and threw the used cloth over to the whirlpool.
. He was aware of Dean fidgeting beside him, and his own internal landscape feeling like someone had scrambled it like an egg.
Grabbing the fork, Castiel narrowed his gaze. “I can feed myself.” Demonstrating his point, he ate the bite, eyes widening in surprise at the taste, which contained something he couldn’t place, something unearthly.
“There seems to be a structure to this,” Cas said. “I suspect each part has their own room, a place that relates to how old they are in Dean’s life. Coming out of their room is…coming out to take over as the primary part. I don’t understand, though, how there’s no fighting. In a vessel, it’s very simple; I had the ability to keep Jimmy asleep for long periods, things he didn’t need to know about or experience. Though not all angels do so, and when they leave, what they leave behind… It’s not fair to the person who agreed to give up so much for them. Then again, they had little compassion for humans.”
“Don’t step on that fish, Castiel,” Gabriel said, his voice laced with humor and kindness even when he was serious. “Big plans for that fish.”
And somehow, as Dean polished off a sandwich stacked with more meat than could possibly be healthy, even as they began to discuss the day’s news and the executive order, he knew he would personally be okay with whatever happened. Because he had this moment.
“No, I kinda knew somethin’ was off, after you weren’t the pizza guy. I can’t remember when I ordered pizza last. I can’t remember eating anything other than those Hot Pockets. I don’t know what day it is, or how long Dad’s been gone. And you an’ I’ve been talking all this time and Sammy hasn’t woken up. He’s not even really here, is he?”
“Okay.” Sam tried to work his way quickly but thoroughly through the wing’s underside, taking note of Gabriel’s accelerated breathing and a flush coming to his face. Sam was almost about to declare the wing done so he wouldn’t hurt Gabriel anymore, when the angel let out a loud moan that was anything but pained.
“I mean this,” Dean said, gently placing his hands on either side of Castiel’s face. He glanced down about two inches, then back to Castiel’s eyes. Slowly, he came closer, until Castiel could feel Dean’s breath caressing his lips, Dean’s body heat radiating through his clothes. “Stop me if this isn’t okay,” Dean said in a near-whisper.
He followed Cas into the library, where Sam was concentrating on his laptop. “Hey, Cas, what’s with the sniffing routine, huh?”
Castiel thought for a moment. “I have been, and continue to be, successful in following my mission.”
Dean dished out eggs for himself and Sam, then brought over the plate of bacon. “You thinking something attacked the baby and mom offed herself?” He noted that Sam had already grabbed the coffee pot and was pouring for both of them.
Ten minutes into the movie, Cas fell asleep. His head lolled onto Dean’s shoulder, and Dean decided to keep it there. He brushed a few strands of hair off of Cas’ forehead and felt a surge of protectiveness, even though he knew Cas was probably stronger and more badass than anyone else he knew, including himself and Sam. The absurdity of the situation—that an angel was currently sleeping in his bed, on his shoulder, by choice—seemed incongruous with how Dean thought of himself. He didn’t have a lot to offer, especially to an angel. Then again, Cas did say that he’d learned a lot from Dean.
He allowed Dean to peel the coat off, followed by his suit coat. Fingers at his tie, Dean kissed him again while loosening it.
“What if it was? Maybe not apple pie. Not that traditional. Perhaps…something more like pecan. Seemingly inedible on the outside but surprisingly satisfying on the inside.”
With a nod, Castiel used his grace to disrobe himself, leaving the clothes folded neatly on the green couch. He joined Dean on the bed, leaning down to nip at Dean’s collar bones and neck. “Do you want me on my back again?”
“Still…” Sam sighed again. “So if asking for the helping part instead brings out the demon part, I don’t know what to do. The research I was doing… I was looking up how to ask for specific parts. And it sounds like in most cases of Dissociative Identity Disorder, the different parts have different names. They’ll usually say what their name is. But all of Dean’s parts are answering to ‘Dean.’ I suppose I could ask…some other part…if they have another name. If they don’t, though, we’re back to square one.”
“Not that spell, no. But I did pick up a bit of what she said. It was intended to separate me from my vessel.” Cas paused. “And prevent me from returning.”
In his most private moments, he could admit to finding the male form attractive, sometimes wishing for hard muscle instead of soft curves. And if he was
Dean rolled his eyes. “No, I mean can we pick a less bright color? This one’s already giving me a headache. How about…” He began to walk around the rack, moving hangers aside as he searched. His eyes flicked up to Castiel and ran up and down his body, making Castiel feel not exactly uncomfortable, but still seen in a way that was reminiscent of when he manifested his wings for Dean. “I’d say you’re in a large, and…perfect!” Dean lifted up a black version with a dark azure blue lining and brought it over, holding it momentarily over Castiel’s chest before giving him a grin.
“It was like a confrontation. The Empty, Naomi, Metatron, Chuck, me. I don’t think I can even explain it. I really don’t want to talk about it right now.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes, combing through his knowledge for anything that matched. “There is a council?”
Again the sour look, this time with a flash of fear in those golden eyes. “I’m in trouble, baby bro. Big trouble. Here I was, supplying this lovely independent café with delicious desserts. I got time to experiment with new recipes, a damn fine looking manager who didn’t mind offering a few extra benefits after work in her bedroom, and all the anonymity I could want. Until the food critic showed up.
“Nothing like that. It’s a bond, not a takeover. I need to bond my grace with your soul, and then infuse you with the grace. No one else can get at it. It can’t be extracted by anyone but me, because of that bond.”
“Am I correct in assuming that my vessel’s unconscious?” When Gabriel only raised his eyebrows in response, Castiel continued, “And yours?”
“Look, I said some things I’m not proud of,” Dean said. “Doesn’t make ‘em not true, but I could’ve said it better.”
Should you choose to interfere or resist, I will send the remainder of what I have to both your editor and your agent. You have until Thursday, May 18, 2017 at 7:00 PM Central time to say yes or no. For your own sake, say yes.
They were nothing like Cas’ wings. They were short and kind of scrawny, even though the male vessels themselves were well-built and muscular. Dean walked closer, pretending to examine the array of ladders on display near the front. One angel’s wings were a muddy brown, and Dean could see now that a lot of the feathers were broken or damaged. Far more even than Cas’. The other’s might have been an off-white, but were streaked with gray and what looked like dried blood. When the stocky man pushed the angel with the off-white wings, the angel flared his wings slightly, and Dean felt sick when he saw bloody whip marks on the angel’s back.
“Dean accompanied me because of the current political climate. He was concerned I would be taking undue risks.”
“When I get the cash, yeah. How are you even here?” He stepped aside so Castiel could enter, then froze. “Whoa… Are you like one of the X-Men too?”
After checking all the bedrooms, Castiel made his way to the office, the door opening to his touch. The desk was still there, including Castiel’s name plate. But there was also a stapler, a small cup of paper clips, and a tape dispenser. A vase of fresh-cut flowers sat on the desk, with a florist’s card leaning up against it. Castiel picked it up and read:
Gabriel looked longingly at the cake-bread, then at the man. “I will return when the season comes around, and there will be a son to Sarah.”
“So how do we help him? I mean, it seems like these different pieces of Dean show up when something happens out here that—”
“My BFF here invited me, moose,” Crowley said. “And I’d be a terrible friend if I didn’t come in his time of need.”
Carefully, Castiel relayed what happened, the spell, the different parts, then Castiel dream walking with him, only to find this house with all the doors. “I’ve met with the two younger Deans. One is four; the other is about nine.”
The waves of pleasure didn’t let up, and if anything, every time Dean moved to another spot, they seemed to intensify, layer upon layer. He couldn’t tell if the involuntary shaking was putting more stress on his muscles or relaxing them further. It was all just pure sensation and lightning bolts of bliss skittering along his nerves. Some of them gathered in his vessel’s groin, building pressure and heat, and Castiel remembered, in the locked box of his unwanted memories as a human, that this sensation would lead to something he was utterly certain would either disgust or frighten Dean.
“Yes. Well… I am sorry that it ended so abruptly. And I don’t regret a single moment. But I still need to go talk to the others.”
Sam finished pinning the drawing that the child Dean had made onto the bulletin board and looked at him. “Let us worry about that. Do you want to write something? Or draw something?”
He crawled up Castiel’s body and leaned down to kiss him again, and everywhere that skin met skin, Castiel was certain there were visible sparks. Dean began to explore his wings then, fingers digging into the feathers and combing through them, kissing the arches when Castiel raised them to brush along Dean’s arms.
Letting out a long breath, Dean closed his eyes. Cas’ hands were just as warm on his upper back, running through whatever had dripped on him, moving effortlessly over his shoulders and the back of his neck, finding every sore muscle. Massage oil, Dean realized. The scent had a hint of cinnamon and something else…maybe vanilla. It smelled warm and relaxing and Dean could actually feel the tension ease out of his body.
“Hey, it’s no problem. I’m glad you called. Woulda been worse if you’d gone off the grid after leaving pissed off with me. It’s always worse when I don’t know where you are,” Dean admitted.
is rather immaterial, is it not?” the stranger—angel—answered. “You asked for help. I’m here to help.”
“No, Dean,” Castiel stretched the wing out a little more, taking a shuddering breath. “They’re just…sensitive.”
“No, no, it’s fine. Just wasn’t expecting it.” Dean flashed a grin and made his way up the steps to the panelists’ table, Cas behind him.
“I honestly don’t know.” Sam let out a long sigh. “I love the little guy to pieces, but he might actually be more than I can handle. I am not looking forward to his teenage years.”
“Oh no, Lucifer is an angel. A fallen angel, a fallen archangel, in fact. But yes, you could say that the devil is really kind of a tulpa built up around Lucifer. Religiously speaking.”
He remembered all too clearly what had happened all those years ago. The father—Avraham—was told to sacrifice his son, Yitzhak. A test, of sorts. Castiel couldn’t bear to see a child used as a pawn, even if Heaven had assured him Avraham had what they’d been waiting for: the courage to defy God. Avraham was too certain of his mission, that was clear. But the boy… Perhaps he could escape, if Castiel could convince him to run away, back to his mother.
“Why would Michael leak your crossover novel to your editor? He wants Cas, right? So why create problems for you?”
When Dean awoke, it was dark beyond the sheer curtains across the window. He was comfortably warm and felt Cas breathing against the back of his neck. A momentary
were largely meaningless to an angel. But they were powerful to a human, to a being that wanted to feel, to experience, to
“Okay, well, maybe we can spend a little time figuring out how to disable the implant,” Dean suggested.
“Nothing.” Dean stood and tossed his credit card on the table. “I need to get out of here.” He couldn’t look back as he left, digging the van key out of his pocket.
“Sometime before breakfast this morning, he dumped an entire spice jar full of cayenne pepper into the orange juice.”
After what felt like several hours of Cas silently staring at him, as if reading his honesty, the angel stepped aside and opened the door wider. Dean took the chair he’d sat in the day Cas showed him his wings. And then promptly forgot everything he wanted to say.
Dean took another sip of his whiskey, trying to clear his head. Maybe he should switch to coffee. “Urban fantasy.”
“I did stuff I’m not proud of,” nine-year-old Dean said. “’Cause I had to. To survive and take care of Sammy. I did stuff that hurt. I bet the stuff you did was to survive too. Or to help someone else.”
“Yeah, okay. I’m probably just on edge.” Dean considered his surroundings for a moment. Nothing silver around here. They’d have to make some holy water. And he wasn’t gonna draw blood from the guy unless he could make it look completely accidental. “Maybe we talk to him on the way out. See what else he can tell us. Who knows, maybe he
“I need your spoken consent, Dean. Explicit consent. Not an ‘I guess,’” Cas said, using finger quotes, one of his fingers still wet.
Castiel lay on his bed, eyes closed, setting aside his thoughts and feelings about the brothers and what lay ahead of them, about the insatiable longing that would never be fulfilled, about that wing massage and how he could never share with Dean what it felt like, what it did to him. Dean didn’t have wings; he wouldn’t understand. And besides, Castiel was certain that Dean saw it as simply a muscle massage, would reject any possibility of it being something
“Yeah, well Cas managed to get himself shot in the wing with angel-blade bullets. But you got me. And maybe Gabe can help.”
, and yeah, that was… Dean shifted in his seat and unintentionally punched the accelerator. Here, in the safety and privacy of his own car, could he allow himself to want that?
“Gabe wouldn’t have thrown it up here if it was nothing. What, does it symbolize your ties to Heaven? Is that why you didn’t wear one when you were human?”
With that, a subtle shift in the universe, and Castiel found himself observing a beach as a wayward fish was prompted to heave itself up on the sand.
“Try praying to him again, Sam,” Gabriel suggested. “And maybe Dean can join in. Remember, it’s not about the words.”
Cas smirked, then looked back at the knife he was holding. He adjusted his grip on it, holding it between middle finger and thumb, then spun it around his thumb several times before catching it, tossing it to his other hand, and repeating the spin. “I can do it with two knives as well.”
Maybe that’s what Cas was going to tell him, that they could be colleagues of a sort. Hunter and angel. But nothing more. Maybe that’s why Cas never seemed to feel like the bunker was his home, never really accepted the Winchesters as his family. Maybe he
“Oh.” Dean wasn’t sure if he should avert his eyes, yet curiosity wouldn’t let him look away. He watched while Castiel pulled his t-shirt off and was surprised that underneath all those layers was a well-toned, muscular torso. Jimmy hadn’t seemed like the type who spent a lot of time in the gym, and besides, hadn’t he been in sales or something? Could the muscle have been added since Cas had taken over?
“Yeah, right.” He looked around and stopped at Tween Dean. “You try so hard to be tough, but you’re a kid. A useless, whiny brat.”
“Okay…” Cas pulled out a Sharpie from his coat pocket and signed his name, then watched her walk out of the ballroom, bumping into two tables on her way.
“Um…Cas?” Dean asked uncomfortably, wondering if the multitude of layers was what kept Cas warm while outside.
“But you need to tell us everything you know about the demons at all the state border crossing checkpoints,” Dean added. “Or I
Halfway through the slice of cake, Castiel felt more clear-headed, less tired, and when he tried to raise his hand to take control of the fork, it wasn’t nearly as leaden as before. Gabriel gave up the fork easily, and after a few more bites, Castiel found himself hungrier, finishing off the cake slice with a gusto that might have rivaled Dean’s pie-eating enthusiasm.
As Sam’s hand began moving back and forth again, the pain almost immediately disappeared, leaving Castiel wondering if it was phantom pain of some sort. He checked his grace and found that it was unchanged. He hadn’t healed the pain; he
“I’m not. I swear I’m not. I’m just…a little bit speechless, man. I mean, I know you’re an angel and all, but I’ve gotten used to you looking, you know, human. Seeing you with wings…it just…it reminds me you’re not.” Dean stepped forward and stroked the top joint again, watching in fascination as the winglet raised up immediately after his hand passed over it, moving to ghost along the base of his thumb. He lowered his hand a bit and ran his fingertips lightly along the upper coverts, jerking his hand away again as Castiel hissed.
“Yeah, male body? You’re a guy in my book.” Hunter Dean turned back around. “Dad would never approve.”
.” Castiel stood, soothing the inflicted headache with a bit of his grace, and checking to make sure he wasn’t too low. It might not be a bad idea to eat something, or sleep while Sam kept watch, if they were going to have to deal with a demon part. His grace was not up for this long-term.
“It’s perhaps for that very reason that I find humans fascinating. You could so easily give up, think that you can’t make a difference in the world in just eighty years or so. But you don’t. You keep trying, keep creating, keep…loving. You’re resilient. Angels are created to follow orders, Dean. But humans? Humans are created to inspire. And be inspired.”
“No. It’s not like I had a name or anything. I don’t even know if I believe in God. Religion says he’s supposed to be loving, but then how could he allow monsters in the world? How could he let my mom die like that?”
One of the beds had the covers bunched up at the foot, hanging off one corner. The other looked like it hadn’t been touched. Castiel saw that Sam had been sitting at the table, where his phone sat, plugged in. He sat carefully on the foot of the made bed. “What happened, Sam?”
Finally Castiel let out a soft sigh and opened his eyes, looking suddenly shy and anywhere but at Dean. He seemed to start to roll his shoulders and then slowly both wings extended out to the side, feathers rustling as he tried to navigate them around furniture.
“Dean, you can’t hurt me,” Cas said, watching Dean’s hands with undisguised interest. “My grace will—” He stopped abruptly, his eyes going wide.
Sam stormed through the door, wrenched the gun out of Dean’s hand, and was yelling something Castiel couldn’t quite make out through a buzzing in his brain. Again, Castiel could see Dean transform, this time looking older, defeated. His eyes appeared sunken and the lines on his face deepened. Dean sat heavily on the edge of the bed and covered his face with his hand.
“Well, knowing Sam, he’s not gonna let me forget this.” Dean took a swallow of his whiskey and Castiel was fairly certain it was to cover up unshed tears.
.” Castiel clenched his teeth and tried to think of what options he had left. “If you go to sleep now, I will get you a piece of pie.”
He’d uncovered portions of two coffins next to each with the wrong numbers, adjusted where he was digging, and hit pay dirt on the next coffin. Knowing he was close, he doubled his efforts, and in less than an hour, he had the coffin mostly uncovered. Taking up the pickaxe again, he cut through the rotted coffin lid, opening it wide enough to cover the bones with salt and gasoline. But just in case GJPD came around on patrol, or should security over at the Department of Energy complex see the fire, he packed up his tools first, getting ready to run for the SUV as soon as he lit up the grave.
“Oh, buddy,” Dean shook his head and chuckled. “I think you should lose control like this more often.” He drove his fingers deeper into one spot and Castiel could feel his wings trembling again. “Like that,” Dean said triumphantly.
Dean looked up, his expression a mixture of irritation and confusion. “What is it, Sammy? Can’t you tell the game’s on?”
Dean thought for a moment, then shook his head. But as he did, his features changed again. Although still young, fear was clear on his face, and he nervously looked around the room. “Who are you? Why are you here?”
Sam sighed and eased himself back under the covers. He did want Gabriel to stay. But what in the world had he signed himself up for?
“It changes nothing between us,” Hevel replied, moving to intercept the lamb again. “But it should be an incentive for you to be better.”
Castiel glanced down the length of the hallways, but beyond the gray whirling, he could see nothing.
“Releasing a bunch of angels doesn’t sound like it would be conducive to my wellbeing,” Crowley said.
Kate’s phone rang and she excitedly brought it to her ear. “Yes!” she answered. “I’m talking to them
Half of Castiel’s mouth curved up in a smile. He released Dean’s thumb and extended both wings forward, then lightly ran the primary feathers down Dean’s arms.
“The United States government got the space program involved,” Sam continued, “trying to understand why there was a sudden global meteor shower, and if the planet was in danger from space debris. Publicly, the government passed it off then as a freak occurrence and assured everyone that the planet was safe. But I learned that there was a quiet federal investigation that continued, and with anecdotal evidence and witness statements, they concluded that angels walked among us.”
“I like it,” Dean said, pushing himself out of the chair and stretching. “And I’m itchin’ for a burger.”
“Oh…” Sam ran a hand through his hair, combing it with his fingers. “Didn’t get to sleep until late last night. I’m not up for a run today, but coffee would be great.”
Castiel smiled and took the boy with his left arm, feeling the youngest Dean reach out and smooth a small hand over his feathers as they stepped in the room.
“Maybe they’re in awe of all this handsomeness that walked in. You got Samsquatch here, and his pretty-boy brother. There’s dark-and-brooding, of course. And you’re an adorable cinnamon roll.” Gabriel paused. “You’re right. They’re probably all just in awe of me.”
“Remember that you’re dreaming,” Castiel said. At Dean’s nod, he continued. “You’re dreaming that you work in Bobby’s shop. We’re married. I’m a surgeon. Everyone you love lives nearby. It’s quite a nice life, actually. One you deserve. But it’s still a dream.”
Sam checked his watch. Dean had been asleep for about ninety minutes now. “Maybe check on Dean first, make sure he’ll stay asleep for another half-hour or so?”
Dean felt his mouth twisting into a sort of smile. He knew full well that meant after he was dead. “Maybe,” he agreed. He finished working on the left wing until he couldn’t find any more knots or tension, then folded the left wing in like its mate. “Okay, Cas. Time to turn over.”
—they’re not exactly different people—but they’re different ages, have different ways of speaking, thinking.
The air was chilly on Dean’s wet skin as he stripped off his borrowed swim trunks and threw them over the rim of the whirlpool. An inner heat was keeping him from getting too cold, but he couldn’t wait for skin-on-skin contact again. He watched Cas peel off his boxers, giving him his first look at an impressive erection that left him feeling equal parts aroused and scared. Ignoring what might go where, he crossed the space between them, taking Cas’ face in both hands as he kissed him again. The waves of heat coming off of Cas’ body was a stark contrast to the wet coolness he felt on his back.
That was a jarring thought, and he almost forgot to follow Sam’s hand as it lowered. Inhale. Exhale.
What did it mean to be an angel? Was it being a warrior? A soldier? A cold, unfeeling, celestial being? New prairie dogs popped up, this time
Cas came a little closer again, his warmth a whisper against Dean’s body. “What do you want, Dean?” he breathed against Dean’s ear.
The Impala took off with a roar and a small fishtail, the tires kicking up a wake of snow and slush, and the momentum closing the rear door most of the way. The tin snips slid across the dashboard and fell down by the front passenger door.
“Well…” Gabriel kicked at some gravel in the lot. “I have no plans on going back in there until your brother is done slinging insults. So…”
“It means I have proof the van is mine. It’s not stolen anymore.” Dean widened his eyes and reached into his back pocket for his wallet. He pulled a card out, displaying a Kansas driver’s license with the same address. “Son of a bitch.”
“No, not the diner, Cas. Cell phones work, GPS works, hell, even my credit cards work, though they're not exactly
Dean felt a wave of something wash through him, warming him from the inside out. “You saved your sister in a story.”
It was hard not to feel small. And with Gabe in cuffs and Cas running low on grace, the news reporting Gabe’s escape and a checkpoint coming up in just a couple hours, it was hard not to feel afraid.
“It’s a Dean club,” nine-year-old Dean said with a half-smile, coming over to take Castiel’s hand. “Thank you. I feel a lot better now. They’re like my best friends but more.”
Cas seemed tense when Dean brought the laptop back into his room and sat down, much like he’d been the night before. This time, Dean paid attention. “Kick your shoes off and get comfy. You look like I’m about to do a white-glove inspection of your weapon, soldier.”
“Well,” Cas said, “we don’t have that yet. We’re working on it. We don’t have a title either. Sometimes the titles help direct the story, and sometimes the story leads to the title. I’m not sure which one this will be.”
“A demon gives you a pointy tool, tells you it’s part of the cage that kept our brother locked up for centuries, and now you want to go sticking it near me?” Gabriel argued, pulling his hands away from Cas again. “In what universe is that okay?”
So now the question: was there any order to the bedrooms, or was he going to have to risk meeting up with any of the angry Deans when he knocked on the door?
Castiel left the room, crossed the hall through the whirling gray, and found the next room. Hoping he interpreted the files correctly, he knocked on the door.
Castiel raised his eyebrow in amusement. “I seem to recall a certain someone trying very hard to kill me, or at least slow me down. Wardings, bullets…a knife to the heart.”
“Uh, yeah, Jared,” Kate said. “And Jensen and Misha and Rich and…” Kate snapped her fingers a couple times. “Alex. Right? Your cat is awesome!”
“Not like that.” Dean rolled his eyes. “Or maybe like that. We got that box I built. Could keep him safe until we figure out what to do with him.”
“With the cuffs off his wings, I wanted to help Gabe clean them. He can’t reach, and those wounds needed to be cleaned in order to heal.”
“Don’t think they’d want me. I told Castiel before, I’m a fuck-up, Sam. No one wants me around. Unless they just want to take from me.”
“Then we’ll deal with it,” Dean said finally. “I don’t know how, but we will. I’m not leaving you to deal with that on your own.”
Castiel settled back into the side-to-side movement, wondering what would come up this time. The symbol referred to as a
“Yes. I keep them in the etheric plane, next to this one. No one else can see or feel them, other than those beings who can also see or move in the etheric plane, but they’re still there.”
“No, Cas, you’re wrong there.” Dean stood up and paced around the room. “From what you’ve said, I’m in this situation because of Rowena, and back further, because of the Brits. Not you. And if you hadn’t fallen…” Dean stopped and met Castiel’s eyes with a smirk. “If you hadn’t fallen for me, I wouldn’t have fallen for you.”
“I know what you meant, Dean. It’s endearing.” He checked the water again and stepped in. “Come on in. It’s quite comfortable.”
the possible things an author could do to market their books. And what I said is that to be successful, you only need to pick two or three of those things that work for your personality and life, focus on them, and do them well.”
“No. I think I will go rest for a while.” He got up, a little unsteady, gave Dean the slightest hint of a smile, and retreated to the bedrooms.
“I thought that when all the angels fell, their, um…wings were…” Sam cursed at himself for failing to keep the conversation from getting into painful territory.
“It’s okay, Dean. I just wanted you to know. Not that I don’t care deeply for Sam. But you’re the one I vowed to protect.”
Cas handed it over and Dean watched as Gabriel’s face went through the same expression of surprise. “Huh,” Gabriel said. “This might work.” He stared at Crowley. “How much do you know about the implants?”
“No…” Dean looked at him, confused. The more Castiel studied his face, the more he could see the child Dean. “This isn’t my room. I mean my room at home. With Mom and Dad. And there’s an angel on the shelf. My mom put it there. But it’s not real. And it has white wings, not like yours.” Dean ran his hand down the flight feathers again, then stopped near the tips. “Yours are almost black, ‘cept when you move, I can see all the colors of the rainbow in them. And down here,” he gently pet the tips with one finger, “this blue is the same color as your eyes.”
A young woman wearing an apron over a red gingham top appeared from behind a large rack varied teas at the other end of the counter, smiled at him as she walked to the register, and tapped once on the tablet. “What can I get for you, sir?”
Crowley was silent for a moment. “Twenty-four consecutive hours, one full day and night without interruption, with the version of Dean who called me here.”
Castiel shook his head. “He still thinks I’m useful to him. I’d rather not disabuse him of that thought, else I’ll have nowhere to go.”
The business office indeed had a working fax machine, and Dean headed for the New Sweden meeting room, arriving fifteen minutes before the scheduled start time. There were easily enough chairs to seat two hundred, and it was already looking like it might fill up.
And honestly, he didn’t want to admit to anyone that he still had nightmares about what happened in Lucifer’s cage. Or that he somehow understood Hebrew in his dream. Unless maybe that was all made up by his brain. Maybe it was all gibberish and only made sense within the dream. That was more likely.
Castiel made his way to the other room and knocked on the door. Just before he was about to knock again, an exhausted-looking Sam swung the door open.
The next morning, before the sun had even risen, Castiel and Gabriel led most of Lot’s family out of the city. A few thought he was joking, and ignored him, to their own detriment. Lot’s wife didn’t want to leave, either, didn’t want to abandon their home and all of her possessions.
“I’m not going to do anything to him,” Michael said. “Only share something with him, which he can then share with you if he wishes.”
“You haven’t asked your other question yet,” the stranger said, a hint of a smile on his face. “The one that necessitated silver and holy water.” He looked down at his wet clothes and between one breath and the next, they were dry.
this is. Any of them. All of them. But you’ve got this too. You’re good for them. It’s why I keep sending you back. Except last time. Jack actually beat me to the punch on that one.”
“She’ll be there. I told her I needed to thank her in person for everything she did: getting proof of Michael’s misuse of military email, mail fraud, blackmail. I had no idea he’d threatened so many people to get to me.”
After checking to make sure he wouldn’t be overheard, Sam asked, “Is there some protocol for this?” He indicated the half-biscuit.
“And which,” Castiel said, reaching his hand into Dean’s hair and pulling him close again, “have you decided?”
He was out of the car and at the truck before Sam even unfolded his freakishly long limbs, and what he saw instantly had him wrenching the truck door open. “Cas!” After no response, he turned back to Sam. “Grab the first aid kit and the smelling salts.”
“Yeah. Sure.” Dean opened it up, looking at it more closely. It looked almost like a demon face, with horns pointed up, a large nose, and some sort of swirl on its forehead. He took it out and held it, the metal oddly warm in his hand. It was solid and heavy, attached to a leather cord. Holding it out, he let Cas take it and examine it closely.
Castiel sat down at the kitchen table. “I don’t know, Sam. I’ve been thinking about that as well. I was hoping that one of them would be able to hear or see the others. That would make it much easier. But it seems they are all unaware of each other. And we’re not any farther along in finding this helping part. I think that’s where we need to start. I did have some success by simply asking for the twelve-and-a-half-year-old, rather than calling out that you needed help. Perhaps there’s a way to call for this helping part?”
Castiel opened his eyes, expecting to see Dean above him, but instead seeing a brighter, harsher version of Dean’s bedroom. “Dean?” he asked, sitting up.
“Not at all. I’m saying that you would want the best person for the job, if my head is going to be messed with, yes?”
“Isn’t he though?” Dean agreed, giving Castiel a longing look. “I thank my lucky stars every day that your old Continental broke down where it did. And that I was working when you brought it into Bobby’s shop. I will
“I just…” Dean rested his forehead against Castiel’s, breathing heavily. “I wish I hadn’t wasted so much time.”
It was that growing concern that led Sam to Dean’s door. He’d heard some sort of thunder crack coming from Dean’s room when he’d gone to shower after his run, followed by a bunch of clattering and loud moaning, and while he definitely did
He felt like he was rushing, flying, soaring toward a cliff’s edge, and he felt the moment he knew it was going to happen, when his muscles tightened, his legs stiffened, and his balls drew in, and then he was coming all over his stomach, hot and wet.
“I need a better look at this guy,” Gabriel said, striding forward and getting as close as he probably dared to the ring of fire. “Why don’t I recognize you?” he demanded.
Working carefully, Sam cleaned the abraded wounds, a little impressed that Gabriel didn’t even wince. Which meant that his wings must hurt a whole lot more. He covered the abrasions with a liberal amount of triple-antibiotic cream, then wrapped them in sterile gauze, finishing them off with a bit of surgical tape.
“Was it another tranq? Why can’t you heal him like you did before?” Dean took Highway 136 west as fast as he dared in the darkness.
Dean chuckled. “Remember that night in Bobby’s kitchen? You said you could throw me back in Hell? That I should show you some respect?”
“No, like from your universe.” Sam waited patiently as the server brought over a small plate with two biscuits and refilled his coffee. When she set the plate down, Michael smiled at her and she looked as if she’d just released weeks of tension before she walked away, a bounce in her step. “Did you just—?”
Dean got a beer out of the fridge and had downed a few swallows before he remembered he still had half a bottle in the rec room. He wandered back to the TV, turned it on, realized he hadn’t been paying attention to the game after all, and thumbed the remote’s off button before tossing the remote back on the sofa. Sitting down heavily, he drank some more, just focusing on the feeling of the cool liquid as it coated his throat. His mind wandered back to Bobby, to Ellen, even to John, anyone who could give him some direction on what to do next.
Gabriel held his cuffed hands up. “No mind reading here. It’s written all over your face. Besides, you said you had questions earlier.”
failures. Babies are born innocent. Little kids don’t fail. I did a lot of shitty things, but I did them because I thought it was the only way to save someone else. I see that now. And maybe the worst thing I did was start to think that everyone else was worth more than me. That my life didn’t count if someone else’s could be saved.”
Dean didn’t seem to notice and ran into his room and jumped onto his bed. “I did drawings here too!” He leaped off and ran to a small table with drawings on it. One was similar to his pencil drawing, only in bright colors. Yellow for Castiel’s coat, brown for his hair, ebony black for his wings spread out slightly beside him, and bright blue for his tie and the tips of his feathers.
He blinked several times, bringing Dean’s face into focus, the sharp pain in his back coming from the tree bark that scraped against him as Dean shook him.
Cas dropped his hands and Dean turned around to face him, noting a hint of a smile on the angel’s face. Maybe even hope. “No graves, Dean. Do you know what this means?”
“I can transfer some of my grace—enough to evade the cosmic entity—to you. It’s already attracted to the tiny piece of my grace you’ve had since I raised you from Hell. You’re strong enough; you had Michael locked up. And I can put it where it won’t make you part angel. You won’t wind up in the entity’s sights either.”
“Well…” Gabe shifted amidst a bunch of feather-rustling. “I’ll deal with Sam. My intentions were good. My method was maybe flawed.”
Castiel looked out over the valley from the bluff he stood on, marveling at how completely perfectly everything worked together. From the scents carried on the crisp Kansas breeze to the animals he could sense but not see, there was balance, harmony, a gentle give-and-take to nature that mimicked the inhalation/exhalation of breathing. It was only when modern humanity moved in that it became all take and no give, as if humans forgot what was coded in their very DNA, that there is no receiving without giving, no way to inhale the abundance that filled this planet without first exhaling what they clung to so fiercely.
“I can’t get it to behave,” Cas said, indicating his hair. “I never worry about it; messy hair goes with the whole recluse/eccentric look. But it looks like I just had wild sex and got fucked within an inch of my life.”
“Dean.” He opened his wallet, still trying to understand the monetary system here. The paper money was easy, but why’d they make the biggest coins the smallest denomination? And what was anyone supposed to do with a half-shekel anyway?
“They still do,” Castiel mused. “Even in the Empty. They don’t realize they have a choice.” He looked up at Metatron sharply. “I don’t have a soul. Not like humans do. But when you took my grace, you told me to live this new life to the fullest. And that when I died and my soul went to Heaven, to come find you, to tell you my story.”
Tween Dean put his arm around the younger Dean and led him toward the small table covered with paper and crayons as the youngest Dean ran ahead. “Let me introduce you to the world of cars.”
“Erasing the Kentucky Fried asshat from existence took pretty much the rest of what I had. Because I totally would have been able to open that rift if it weren’t for him.”
“Uh… No. Give me two minutes.” He grabbed his clothes and went into the bathroom, closing the door behind him. He relieved himself and made a mental note for them to each get a change of clothes and find a laundromat. If they were going to be here two weeks, clean clothes were a must.
Castiel sighed and stared up at the ceiling. This woman would be impossible to find, and even if, by some miracle, he found her, it would take too long for her to get to know Dean. That’s if Dean didn’t chase her away first.
“You’re gonna get dead,” Dean said, moving forward slowly and pocketing his gun as he pulled out Ruby’s knife. He wanted to try and get between Cas and the demon, but Cas was taking little side steps, blocking his way.
Reaching out to stroke along the upper joint and the alulas, Dean hummed. “You just relax and let me take care of you for once.”
Dean watched the lights of Lebanon pass them on the right before Sam took a left onto what should have been the road that led to the bunker. “Dude… Where’s the power plant?”
In the end, they decided not to knock. While it might provoke a more aggressive response from Demon Dean, they all agreed that knocking would give him the opportunity to shut them out. Lover Dean verified that the door was locked, and although he still had the skeleton key for his own door with him, he urged Castiel to see if being their helper gave him unlocking privileges.
He sat in the chair across from Sam, Dean at his side, and could feel himself nearly vibrating with some sort of excess energy, wanting to get into it.
“I understand what it means to love someone. My father’s commandment to us was to love humanity. I understand sacrifice and conviction. But…” Castiel steeled himself, knowing this could make things worse. “How do you know when you are
His thoughts were interrupted when Castiel awkwardly climbed over the seatback and landed in a very unangelic heap in the footwell. After several grunts and some more thrashing around, Dean’s vision was suddenly blocked by enormous black feathers.
The angel cowered under Cas’ glare, set his bottle down, and slunk off to the sandbox, where he entered the portal. Maybe thirty seconds later, he reappeared in a flash of light with Dumah.
“Embrace the demon?” Lover Dean said thoughtfully. “I suppose. I think it’s gonna be hard when we see him, though.”
He leaned his head back against the wall. “This is nice. I don’t think I’ve felt this relaxed in a long time.”
“Good morning, Sam,” Castiel said, finding Sam nursing a cup of coffee in the kitchen. “Do you know where Dean is?”
Castiel went to four-year-old Dean’s bedroom only to find a collection of drawings, some of himself with his wings spread, some of Baby, and some of himself with all of the Deans. A family portrait. In nine-year-old Dean’s room, the white, ceramic angel that had been in four-year-old Dean’s bedroom sat on the table with a drawing of Castiel and a young boy holding hands. Tween Dean’s room had an origami car, colored black, on the table with paper cutouts of a winged angel and an orange-haired young man beside it. The same sort of theme persisted throughout every bedroom: drawings, angels, family portraits.
—again, faster until they disappeared completely. Castiel picked up his t-shirt and pulled it over his head. “Do you want to sit, Sam?”
The guy was in the same clothes, staring into his cup of coffee like it held the secrets of the universe. Which, you know, maybe it did. Coffee was magical in the morning. He looked up as they approached and seemed not at all surprised to see them there. Medium brown hair. Gray eyes. “Gentlemen,” he greeted in a baritone voice. “Would you care to join me for some biscuits?”
“I found Chuck. At the university. He had temporarily usurped a religious studies professor’s role.”
Dean slid the French bread into the oven to warm alongside the lasagna, then stirred the melted garlic butter in the pot. Maybe for both their sakes, he needed to stop pressuring Cas into accepting a relationship, a home, a family. And, damn, that would hurt. But better he be hurt than Cas.
“Too many see themselves a higher class,” Lot explained. “They don’t want to lose what they have, nor do they see those who are without as deserving.”
Castiel put his hand to Dean’s face. “So are you.” He stroked over Dean’s cheek with his thumb and adjusted his visual focus to take in Dean’s aura, the brightness of his soul. Even fractured and incomplete, it was beautiful, veins of red and deep pink running through it, nearly shouting Dean’s love. He licked his lips instinctively, unsure of how to proceed and how this Dean might react.
The flight feathers, although broken and in poor shape, were easily longer than Sam’s arm, and the word
“And I’m still not wrong for doing it,” Dean said, pushing his way past Cas toward the front of the bunker. “You comin’, Sam?” he called without looking back.
“Thanks,” Dean said, feeling himself blush. Two dozen books out, and he still had a hard time with compliments. But the solution, he’d learned, was easy: redirect. Fans loved to talk. “You here as a fan?”
Sam picked up the phone and pocketed it. He didn’t need to check to know that what Crowley said was true. The demon part must have called or texted right after leaving the kitchen, full of fury. But
“Yeah, maybe you should drive,” Dean acquiesced. “That second slice of pie’s making me a little drowsy.”
His gaze lowered as Sam’s hand did, and he did the inhale and exhale as Sam had taught him, but he couldn’t help but think about what this meant for any sort of integration between his angelic and human parts.
“Now, Cassie,” Gabriel said, pausing before serving him another piece. “That’s not going to do anyone any good.” He raised his eyebrows. “You think you aren’t projecting every single insecurity? You think
“Dean.” Cas stopped them, looking more solemn than usual. “I would never ask for more than you’re willing to give. I’m willing to be as patient as you need. I’m an angel; I’m very practiced at patience. And you’re worth it.”
Giving in finally to the impulse to yawn, Sam felt an uncomfortable tightness in his chest and then a sudden release. He had to yawn again, this time feeling air filling both his lungs completely. It felt surprisingly good, and he found himself breathing hard for a few moments until he could get his breath fully under control again.
“Yes!” Sam pointed a finger at him. “Exactly. It’s treated with long-term psychotherapy. The idea is that if the alters can share their memories and process them so the memories don’t have any power anymore, then there’s no reason for that alter to exist, and it integrates with the whole. It doesn’t go away or die, but is absorbed. That’s kind of what happened when I had to kill the other two of me. I absorbed their energy and their memories. But there was no processing beforehand.”
Refreshingly, Gabe offered step-by-step instructions on how to remove some of the feathers around the wounds without damaging the roots, clean the surrounding skin and feathers, then where to angle the forceps to find the bullets. With his hands on Cas’ wing, Gabe found the second bullet embedded in a joint, and Dean was exceedingly careful removing it.
“Your funeral.” Sam shrugged. “I’m going to take some time to learn how this is done. Maybe watch some videos. I saw a bunch of demonstrations on YouTube. I don’t want to screw this up for you, Cas.”
“Oh, Castiel,” Naomi said, her voice dripping with insincerity. “You never learn, do you? They are mere ants, these humans. Not worth your time, and especially not your compassion. Did you hear what they wanted to do? To you, even?”
“Plus the three kids,” Dean said. “Okay, here’s what you do. Go talk to the ones who don’t want to kill you. Then come get me. I’ll help with the others.”
“We’ll never know for sure,” Sam said, trying to breathe through the pain. “But my theory is something happened to Gwendolyn’s baby. Maybe it got sick really soon after birth or died of SIDS. And she got jealous of Constance for having a baby when her own had died. I think it made her a little crazy.”
Dean stood at the center, the Mark of Cain clearly on his inner right forearm, surrounded by deep slashes that didn’t bleed, as if he’d tried to cut it away. His eyes shone black, and a cruel smile distorted his beautiful face. In his hands he held the First Blade and a red-hot iron comb, bits of flesh still clinging to the sharp teeth. “Volunteers for my rack?” he asked, the look on his face daring them to come closer. “I can always use the practice.”
“Oh my God, I’m so sorry!” The young woman looked like she wanted to disappear out of embarrassment. She handed the book over and covered her eyes. “I thought you were…and then I…I didn’t realize…”
On the twenty-minute drive back to the motel, Dean tried to figure out how he was going to have this talk with Cas. Gabriel was right about one thing: no one knew how much time they had. And Dean was for damn sure not going to push Cas away in whatever time they had left.
“Move along.” The police officer motioned Dean to pass through the traffic gate and Dean took the opportunity without hesitation.
“I’m not sure,” Gabriel answered, sitting back up. His face was relaxed, and he looked maybe a little drunk. “But I think you’re good to go on the other wing.”
Dean smiled tentatively for a moment before he let out a sob. “I shouldn’t have come here. I don’t want to drag you down with me. You’re innocent and light. You don’t want me.”
“I could keep you from freaking out.” Cas flexed his long fingers in somewhat suggestive motions. The sunlight reflected off the silver engagement ring on Cas’ left hand as he moved.
Dean sighed and shook his head. Between Sammy’s student loans and three books a year to Bela, that was an expensive and unlikely scenario. But still fun to dream.
Canada. That’s where that show was filmed, the one based on Carver Edlund’s books. Sam ate one of the eggs, then tapped in the author’s name and found several wiki entries, cross-referenced with the name Rob Benedict, who appeared to be an actor, singer, and musician, but not a novelist. He searched on the show’s name, finding that it was close to airing the last episodes of its thirteenth season, and had been renewed for a fourteenth. A related Twitter feed caught his attention, and he tapped on it.
He wondered which debut author Cas had chosen, but decided it didn’t matter. They’d spent several hours talking the night before, making it all the way down to the river and back, and while they didn’t agree on everything, Cas’ perspective was unique and his passion was inspiring. It was nice, for once, to be appreciated not for what he could do for someone else, but just for who he was.
Instead, Michael glanced at where they held hands, smiled a bit with his eyes, and spoke. “Prayer is not about words or formulas. It’s about intention and honesty. That’s what we hear, what we perceive. When you are incarnated in human form, you have both your soul and a human ego. Souls are honest. That’s their default. Souls can be damaged and healed, but they don’t lie. Lies and deception come from the ego. The ego dies with the body, but the soul is eternal. At a life review, a soul is often brutally honest in its self-examination. When you speak from your soul, we hear you, whether you use words or not.”
“Hey, my forgery skills are nearly as good as Sam’s. We’ll find a copy and print place, have you humanized by nightfall.”
Blowing out a long breath, Cas considered the question. “Probably six hours a day. I spend another six or eight writing. Also long daily walks in nature helps to generate ideas. And I meditate daily. Probably an hour of that too.” He shrugged. “So that’s a day in the life. Not so exciting. Especially compared to some authors who travel around the country for authenticity in their books’ settings.” Cas met Dean’s gaze and winked.
“Grab that gun and anything else important,” Gabe directed. “I’ll get Cas to the car. I can stop the bleeding manually, but those bullets are doing some damage.”
“No, definitely not. In fact, Dean’s…twin?” Sam smirked a little. “The guy who plays him, Jensen, started a…” He followed a few more links on his phone. “Brewery. In Texas. Lots of photos of him at the brewery on Instagram.”
It was only ten in the morning on the first day of the Fantasy Authors and Writers of North America annual convention for authors and fans to meet each other—dubbed FAWNcon—and the hotel bar was already crowded. Dean Winchester slipped out of the elevator with a polite smile to the con attendees, then managed to find a single open stool at the far end of the bar and signal the bartender.
“Okay, it’s going to be okay. Breathe with me. In…” Cas gathered him in his arms and Dean could feel Cas’ chest expand. “Out.”
“I’m not—” Sam saw the look of concentration on Jack’s face and reached out for him. “Jack, no!” His hand felt air; the eddies from Jack’s wing flaps were the only trace left.
Dean paid for the items, destroyed the credit card, leaving parts of it in three different garbage cans both inside and outside the mall, and groaned as they approached the Impala. “I don’t know how we’re going to do this.”
CJ Novak?” the woman next to Cas nearly squealed. “I had no idea. And I’m sitting next to— I’m dead. I’m seriously dying over here.”
After a long silence, Cas spoke. “I went to Manhattan. Kansas.” At Dean’s questioning look, he added, "I spoke to a priest, a rabbi, and an imam.”
The panel went quickly, with questions ranging from “Do I have to finish my book before I try to find an agent?” to “What’s the point of having a publisher these days when you can get your work directly out to your readers?” Dean was exhausted at the end, a dull headache starting to pound behind his eyes. He felt a little defensive, as if traditional publishing was being put on trial and he was its sole defender.
Another man in an unfamiliar uniform stepped forward with a plastic bag in one hand, scrutinized Castiel, then reached out and yanked a feather from Castiel’s wing, causing him to hiss in pain. The man placed the feather in the bag, took Castiel’s registration card from the officer, and wrote some information on the bag. He handed back the card to the officer, who handed both cards back to Dean.
Castiel tried to intuit the meaning behind Dean’s question, but it was unclear. Most likely, Dean only meant the obvious, surface meaning. But just in case… “I do. Very much.”
He knocked sharply on Dean’s door. “Dean? Whatever you’re doing in there, just get decent and come to the war room.”
Chewing on the inside of his lip, Dean stared back. “So I sign or you drop me? Am I hearing that threat correctly?”
Castiel waited until he heard the lock click and then turned to Gabriel. “Let me see where they cuffed your wings.”
Cas worked through sore muscles and stiffness in his back and neck and shoulders before moving down his arms, his hands wrapped around Dean’s bicep, making Dean’s arm feel nearly boneless. Cas didn’t skimp either, paying attention to each finger, each joint, treating every one with the same care and thoroughness. When he moved to the other arm, Dean could feel a pleasant, warm tingling in the fingertips of the one just massaged.
“I’ll…go check. Help yourself to coffee. I’ll be back in a bit.” Sam left his mom in the kitchen and headed back toward the bedrooms, hoping to find and talk to Cas. Maybe he had an idea of how to make this work.
Dean headed south and then west, bypassing cities and towns for an hour until he could feel his eyelids getting heavier. The town of Northwood was ahead, and Dean spotted a sign for a motel just south of town. “We’ll stop here,” he announced. “I’ll gas Baby up tomorrow, restock our food supply. We should be able to make it back to the bunker tomorrow, maybe nine hours on the road or so. The only trick is going to be getting across the Missouri River without hitting a checkpoint, but we can plan that out tomorrow.”
“All right.” She let out a long breath and pulled on a pair of surgical gloves before she began arranging a tube of antibiotic cream, gauze, and surgical tape. “You said you think you got the spirit. But you’re not sure?”
“I don’t know what that is yet. Except…” He couldn’t help his smile, or the valiant attempt his dick was making for an encore. “I’d like to do this again.”
“Yeah, thanks.” Sam moved over to the small table where Dean had been sitting and pulled out the other chair. He set his laptop down on the table and tapped a key.
“Not a lot,” Dean said. “Sometimes, like, the moment I step on it, I’m in that room with you and Agent Sam. And other times it didn’t do anything. Like that time I thought I heard someone talking, I stepped out to see if I could see them, and I was on that circle thing and nothing happened. But that was the only time I heard anything.”
“I researched it, yes. And interviewed someone who had spent years studying it. I enjoy researching for my novels. It’s like taking independent study courses in college, without ever having to worry about exams or grades.”
“I only agreed to help you because I was the one who broke Heaven,” Castiel argued. “And now I’m not even sure that’s true. What Naomi took from me… I might have made different choices if she hadn’t erased memories, tried to make me her puppet, do her bidding.”
“You’re just now noticing that?” Gabriel stood, and with a wave of his hand, he was clad in jeans, the now-dry sweat shorts folded neatly in his hand. “As much as I like wearing your clothes, wet isn’t my favorite texture. And Sam, I really am sorry about not saying something after the first time. I was…kind of embarrassed, and I didn’t think about how you’d feel about it.”
“I really hope you come back with us,” Sam said. “We could really use your help. And I don’t mean that we just want you for what you can do. I…I wouldn’t mind getting to know you a little better. You’re not who I thought you were before. And what you’ve been through…”
Dean watched through the rear view mirror as Cas crouched down and put both hands on the road, stayed still for a few moments, then carefully picked his way back to the car. “What was that?” Dean asked as Cas wiped his hands on his pants.
Castiel shook his head. “You said I was a warrior. I was the only one strong enough to do the trials, to close Heaven. Now you’re saying I’m weak. Which is it? Which one’s the lie? Or are they both lies?”
The pieces clicked into place. “You think I don’t want a friendship with you because I’m an angel and you’re human?”
Dean’s face lengthened slightly and his eyes narrowed, looking more tired, wary, suspicious. “Thought you said you were leaving,” he accused.
“You don’t know that, Dean. You know what I’ve done. Maybe these laws are exactly for angels like me. Maybe it
Dean looked at him with confusion before he went through a full-body shudder and his features shifted. The change between suicidal adult and tween protector was distinct, and Castiel couldn’t help but wonder if vessels’ family members noticed similar changes depending on when an angel was in control.
“I don’t know. We restrict his TV use, but that kid can get into anything. I set him in front of PBS one time, took out the trash, and came back to discover him watching
Castiel pulled his trench coat off slowly, still paying attention to Dean’s autonomic nervous system. But instead of getting symptoms of arousal from Dean, he was picking up what seemed to be irritation.
“Burned to a crisp? Yeah. Because Metadouche’s spell had them all manifest in the physical before dropping them through the atmosphere. An army of angels can’t come after you if they’re permanently grounded.”
universe, what we don’t have is the desire to stray from those parameters, because we see a broader vision of the world and our place in it.”
, made him even harder. Generally, Cas seemed uninterested in sex; even that time with April the reaper, Cas seemed to see it as nothing more than educational. But Cas didn’t have any sort of bond with April, and the reaper used and killed him. Would sex mean more with someone with whom Cas had a profound bond?
time, Gabriel,” Castiel said, breaking his silence. “And I had a very good reason. It wasn’t an indulgence so much as a very poor attempt at escape.”
“Ha!” Gabriel slapped his hand on the table. “I knew I nailed it this time. No asking about the secret ingredients, now. The FDA doesn’t need to know and it won’t hurt anyone.”
Scoffing, Demon Dean turned on nine-year-old Dean. “Yeah, I heard your pathetic prayers. No one’s coming for you. No one ever will.”
Castiel let out a long breath. “I seek your forgiveness, or a path to it, so that I am no longer splintered by guilt. And so that you need no longer feel that I don’t care about the pain I’ve caused you.”
“Why do the musicians get all the credit?” Castiel asked rhetorically. “I have a blade. I’m a soldier, not a musician.”
“Maybe we should take a break,” Dean suggested. He could see Cas slowing down in both speech and mannerisms, his already stiff gestures becoming exaggerated and intentional.
“So you create an active, engaged audience by kind of inviting them into how you see the world. And then you mention, ‘Oh yeah, and I also write books.’” Charlie nodded enthusiastically and smacked Cas on the upper arm. “I like.”
“Are you telling me,” Dean said around a mouthful of pancakes, “that…that…the devil is sort of like a tulpa?”
“What do you think leadership is? Using your power—your agency—with intention.” Michael slid Dean’s credit card over in front of Sam and stood. “Your breakfast is paid for. I’ll be around.”
He set the fork down on the plate and lay back against the bed, feeling almost normal again. “What did you put in that cake?”
“So nothing, Dean. My experience with human sexuality has not been stellar. I have come to understand that April—the reaper possessing April—raped me. Despite what I wanted everyone else to think.”
He pushed the door open and took a hesitant step into the room. No Gabriel. “Hello, Sam. I wanted to—”
Dean’s tongue probed at his lips, and when Castiel opened his mouth, Dean dove in, running his tongue over Castiel’s teeth and tongue and the roof of his mouth. Dean tilted his head and managed to deepen the kiss farther, groaning into while pressing his entire body into Castiel’s.
Once out of human sight, Castiel and Gabriel flew to an area just outside the gate to Sodom. They waited until sundown, on Gabriel’s instructions. It wasn’t unusual for an archangel to receive orders that lower classes of angels wouldn’t receive, so Castiel didn’t question it. When they approached the gate, another man met them, immediately insisting that they stay with him for the night.
Dean let out a long breath and relaxed. The more he thought about it, the more his rational brain told him that all the people who were fawning all over Cas were also interested in his success as a self-published author. They didn’t want to know about agents and legacy publishers. It wasn’t personal.
“Six and four,” the youngest Dean said, nodding his head emphatically. “Six and four crayons. And I’m four!”
“So do I.” Castiel raised his hand to trace the contours of Dean’s face. The laugh lines next to his eyes. The perfect cheekbones. Those lips that had entranced Castiel for years. Dean’s eyes shimmered with tears to which Dean would never admit, and Castiel gently caressed beneath Dean’s eyes with his thumbs, trying to say
“Then maybe magic works here too. Spells. Maybe there are hunters here. Maybe there’s a way to jump universes here that we don’t know about.”
What they needed was a way to ask Dean questions so that they could get some answers. If he still had enough of his grace, he could simply
Dean sat down on the bed, pulled the laptop over to them, and opened it to start the movie. “You might have questions,” he said. “But hang on to them until the end of the movie. I don’t wanna spoil anything. Okay?”
“He’s at a table behind you,” Jack explained. “I thought you saw him come in. I only noticed because he wasn’t there when I left but he was when I returned.”
Dean didn’t know how to answer as they sped back into downtown Saint Paul, tracing the route they’d already planned. It only took ten minutes until they were hidden under the I-35E overpass, certain Gabriel would be passing through this way.
Dean closed his eyes briefly and took in a shaky breath, held it for a few beats, and released it again. When he reopened his eyes, the playfulness was back, albeit a bit forced, and he’d returned to his regular stride. But Castiel had felt that wave of emotion as clearly as if it had been a freight train. Grief. Combined with the lyric about
“Yes, well, good luck with this one,” Crowley said, backing out of Dean’s room and chuckling. “Call me if you want a date, Dean. Offer’s still open.” With a grin on his face, he disappeared.
Sam exhaled sharply. “Let’s get the rest of our weapons together. If we see the guy again, we can splash some holy water on him. And we gotta stop in town for some groceries. We can’t afford to eat at the diner all the time. Then we can do like the guy said and visit the chamber of commerce. At least if we’re writers, we don’t have to dress like feds.”
Dean stared at the wall displaying his favorite firearms. “You can’t understand.” He felt fingers gently grasp his chin and turn his head until he met Cas’ eyes and saw something like compassion.
“Yeah, I just don’t want fans to think these actors are assholes,” Dean said. “I mean, us? We know we are. Them? Maybe they’re nice guys. Then again, they were pretty loaded in that other world, and most rich people I’ve met are pretty dickish.”
“That’s something, I guess,” Sam said. “How are you going to get Gabriel back if there’s a demon at every checkpoint?”
Michael smiled. “George Lucas listened to his guides too.” He returned his attention to Jack and raised his hand to shoulder height. “May I?”
Based on the files, Husband Dean was in room number eight. Castiel was cautious around the hunter’s doorway, but didn’t see him or anyone else. He knocked on the door, trying to prepare himself for anything.
“But right now…” Castiel made his tone more authoritative and spoke sharply. “Sammy needs your help, Dean.”
Castiel returned from the window and looked over the single queen-sized bed. “I would be happy to share body warmth if you get too cold.”
“I’m…not really very good at the whole talking about feelings bit. Sorry I freaked out on you.” Dean shifted to make more space between himself and Cas.
Dean stood up and took stock of their surroundings. A couple of short, brick buildings stood to one side of the field. A parking lot and another building surrounded by trees was on the other side. Across the highway was a farm. “Where are we?” he asked Jack, hearing his voice sound harsher than he intended it. “And how are we gonna get Mom back?”
After several moments, Dean raised his head and nodded, then opened his door. “Change in the car, though. We don’t need you making a spectacle of yourself in the parking lot.”
“But…” Sam took a deep breath and let it all out at once, regaining his composure. He gave a quick smile. “I never pictured them as black, but they’re
“No, Dean. They’re not genitals. But they are personal. Private. And we can sense things with them. I am not…fully connected to this vessel. I can turn off neural input—temperature extremes, pain, injuries—from it. But my wings are fully me. I can size them to fit this vessel, but I can’t turn off any input.”
“No. Not because it’s you. Just… No one can really bring me comfort right now. I think I just need some time to process, you know?”
Castiel looked around the office, but Chuck was gone. And where this guy—the actual professor, Castiel surmised—had come from, he had no idea.
“Calls him forth,” Cas finished. “Of course. On some level, all the parts must be minimally aware of what’s going on, enough that the appropriate part comes forth when needed.”
The youngest Dean squirmed until Castiel set him down, and then he looked up at nine-year-old Dean. “Do you like to color? I have a lot of crayons. Six four crayons. And you can pick any one you want.”
Castiel trimmed and rolled the brass mesh to create a long wire that would just fit into the larger of the holes. “Ready?” he asked.
They stared at each other for a few moments until Cas pulled the condom off and tied it closed. Cas then grabbed the towel he’d been wiping his hands on and used it to clean Dean up, then himself. Wrapping the used condom in the towel, he dropped it on the floor. He guided Dean up, tossed the towel that had been under Dean onto the floor with the other one, and pulled the covers back so they could slide in.
Cas gave him a half-smile. “Maybe. Or maybe after an eternity of being so distant, he’s a little socially awkward. Maybe your characters wind up helping him. Maybe he, uh…joins the team.”
“Yeah, okay. Sorry, Mom. You talk. I’ll just be over here…waffling.” He laughed at his own joke, clearly having no idea how much grief he’d just resurrected.
He landed under a tree, Gabriel on one side and Raphael on the other. A middle-aged man stood in front of him, holding out bowls with freshly cooked beef and a warm slice of cake-bread. Raphael, ever impatient, demanded, “Where is your wife, Sarah?”
“This is a courtesy call,” Bella said after Dean answered. “Only because we have a history. I like you Dean. I really do. I wish we could have worked longer together. And I argued on your behalf with my superiors, but, as you know, money talks louder than words. You’ll be receiving a termination letter tomorrow. I just overnighted it to you. You don’t need to sign it. One of our inventory managers will be in touch with you in the next week or so to let you know how many copies of your titles we currently have in stock. You’re welcome to purchase them at your usual author discount of twenty percent. If you choose not to purchase them, you need to let us know in writing. Email is fine. In that case, we are free to dispose of them as we see fit. If we sell them, we keep all proceeds. You’ll be sent a royalty check for any sales that took place through yesterday and our business will be complete. Do you have any questions?”
“CJ,” Meg said with a bit of a smirk, “you have an incredibly successful marketing platform, yet you don’t do personal appearances. Or didn’t until now. How have you made it successful without that in-person aspect, and what changed that brought you here today?”
“Yeah, I get that. Poor kid’s gonna need her own therapy. I almost told that woman exactly what I thought of her parenting, but then I saw you.”
Castiel swallowed down his unease. “Yes, Dean. You can touch them.” He stretched one wing out, still keeping them in the etheric plane, amazed that Dean could see them at all. Sam’s expression made it clear he didn’t see anything.
teach me a lot of what I know, and I don’t know if I can pull that off again. This universe? This is the best hiding place of all.”
“Angels have the power to do that?” Sam asked. He glanced at Gabriel. “I mean, obviously you do. Or did.”
“Okay.” Dean let his eyes travel over the ground, covered with grass and weeds of varying heights, looking for some sort of clue or sign or something. He turned and checked in all directions, not seeing any roads or buildings other than the WPA power plant over the bunker. “You’re gonna have to give me something more to go on here, Cas.”
of them. I’m gonna do a perimeter check, but I don’t think it came from outside. No alarms were set off. Just the breakers.”
With a roar, Dean grabbed one of the clean plates from the shelf behind him and threw it at Sam’s head. Sam ducked just in time, the plate shattering against the wall and raining down on the cart holding the coffee maker. “I don’t want your fucking help, your fucking compassion, or your fucking love!”
Dean fought to hold his emotions in check. He fought to steady his breathing, to relax his now-tense muscles. Somehow, fighting and relaxing at the same time weren’t working.
“You are awesome,” Cas said. “And you think too little of yourself. You think you deserve to be abandoned. That is, as you would say, bullshit.”
Stepping forward, close enough to touch, Cas held his gaze for an uncomfortably long moment. “You are, Dean. I wish you could see it, how amazing you are.” Cas licked his lips, a motion Dean couldn’t help but watch. “If this is all I can have, just meeting you, having this evening, it’s enough.”
Castiel felt the door move behind him, and he moved forward at the same time Sam stuck his head in and said, “Hey, why’s the door—?” and then the gun went off.
“I’ve already packed and left,” Cas said. The sound of a car door slamming was clear. “I need to find a new place to stay. Someplace I can drive, which means Hawaii is out, sadly. Michael could track flight manifests.”
A sudden stirring in Dean’s groin indicated his body was absolutely on board with this, but he still felt hesitant. What if Cas’ kisses were perfect—because angel and all—and Dean’s didn’t measure up? Then again, no one had ever complained about Dean’s kisses before.
Of all the questions Castiel thought Dean might ask, that was not one of them. He decided to start small. “Your bedroom.”
Dean stopped moving and looked away for a moment. “This isn’t really my body, is it? In the real world?”
“Oh.” All of Dean’s confusion and annoyance vanished. He watched as Castiel struggled to tuck the back flap between his wings. “Here, let me help,” he said, climbing out of bed and easing the two wings into their slots in the jacket.
“If we do it here,” Sam said, indicating the dirt and gravel parking lot in front of the abandoned RV manufacturing factory just a five-minute walk from the motel, “it’ll be behind this office building and unseen from any nearby roads. And we’re about to lose our light, so that’ll help too.”
“Yeah.” Sam leaned against the wall opposite Dean’s door. “What do you supposed triggered that? My asking to speak to the helper part?”
“No, Dean. I don’t see that. I see a man who, far too early, was asked to give up everything. His family, his childhood, his home, his friends, and then his life. I see a man who gave it all,
Castiel thought about his answer. Dean was smart, smarter than he often pretended to be, and any inconsistency was likely to be caught by this Dean. “You threw yourself in front of a spell Rowena cast to try and permanently separate me from my vessel. Instead of separating you from your body, the spell fractured your mind. You are one of eight parts residing in an extremely organized, compartmentalized symbolic house of rooms, split off from one another. Each of the parts has had executive control over your body in the real world, some several times, including you.”
“This ain’t the first time folks have been singled out ‘cause they’re different, you know. Even killed for it.”
Castiel managed to nod, not understanding why this was amusing to Dean. Did he not understand that loss of control was tantamount to failure? That angels
“Okay.” Sam kept scrubbing and kneading, feeling muscles shifting beneath the skin, the feathers fluffing like they did on the other wing. Then the trembling again.
the shield, David,” Castiel said. “As you were protected from the bears and lions, so too you will be protected in this. Cast aside your doubts. You have within you, and within your resources, everything you need to succeed.”
“I know what you thought, Cas. You think you’re not good enough for me, and man, that is the farthest thing from the truth. If anything, it’s the other way around.”
“This hurts me far more than it hurts you,” Naomi said. She brought a device up to his eye, and then there was only blackness and pain.
“Nah,” Dean said. “That’s not acting. That’s just lying. Really, really well.” He grinned. “Anyone hungry?” He got up from his end on one sofa and tossed the remote to where Sam reclined on the other sofa.
As expected, Gabriel was sitting on the mattress the way Sam had found him earlier, his wings looking just as droopy as before.
“And you have the Lord as your rock.” As Castiel said this, he saw David’s hand go to his sling, secured at his waist.
Dean drove around Smith Center, finding two bars a block apart from each other. One was opening in an hour; the other didn’t open until evening. But the more he thought about it, as tempting as it was to lose himself in a few shots, Cas might still need him. Even if Cas didn’t want to stick around for the long haul.
didn’t really want to lose it, because whether it was healthy or not, knowing that a being as old and powerful as Cas thought so highly of him, believed he was worthy…that meant more than just another human’s opinion.
angel watching over you. When one is—” he glanced at Cas “—temporarily indisposed, another will step up. You are not alone. You never have been, and you never will be.”
I haven’t been able to stop thinking about you. While I’m prohibited from texting on the airplane, wifi allows me to send email. I’m looking forward to our Skype call tonight. In case it occurs to you, do
“Ah.” Gabriel sighed. “No, he can’t. It might be better explained that Castiel has some damage done to his energy. If I had full access to Heaven’s power, I could heal him. But from here? No. It’s too much damage.”
A knock on his door interrupted his reverie. He went to the door and opened it, already knowing who was on the other side. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean put the car in gear and moved forward a good three feet, but he didn’t want to go farther. Sometimes when Cas gave a measurement, he also meant
sounds like a dream. Or the plot to a book. Or a really campy TV show. My life is fucking normal compared to that.”
do is stir the waters a bit, so when he jumps in, it doesn’t hurt so much.” He held out his hands. “Speaking of not hurting so much, let me have a crack at those ribs.”
When Dean glanced in his rearview mirror, Gabriel had managed to look like a pouting four-year-old. “You know,” Dean said, “the more I see of you, the harder it is to believe that you’re an archangel.” He turned down the music. Better avoid any more temptation for Gabriel’s version of karaoke.
“I think I know what happened to your brother, Sam. I think the spell that was supposed to separate me from my vessel separated Dean’s mind. It’s fractured.”
“I had an image of Naomi as very large and me as very small. I tried to fight her, and she tried to make a deal with me, that she’d leave me alone if I won. And someone said to have faith.”
