When he had first entered the room, Tony had been assaulted by the bright sunlight and the scent of cigar smoke, which hadn’t faded but had leached into the wood of the room, staining it darker brown.  Fat cigars, smuggled from Cuba to seal deals with emphysema.
By the time Tony caught up with Steve, he was sweating profusely and his himation was half hanging off him.  He swallowed around the dry lump in his throat as he panted.  “Umm, can I extend my sincerest apologies to the King of Korkyra, who I assumed would not be running around his island naked?”
(They had stopped in Cleveland for a meeting with steel distributor from Detroit on the way back to New York, and Tony had spent the entire evening chatting with Steve in the lounge. The look Happy had given him after Steve called it a night told him the man had figured out everything.)
Natasha reached out and tapped his bicep.  “You’re the new kid in town, and heir to the throne of one of the most powerful city-states around.  You’re gonna get an unfair share of the attention for a while.”
Tony pushed forward, wrapping Steve’s arms around himself, snuggling deep into Steve’s grip, and Steve hummed and pulled him closer.
When Erskine asked, “What do your children have to say about the success of the procedure?”, Steve was about to say he didn’t know, but they piped up:
The look that crossed Steve face was that of a man who did not get to show off frequently, but secretly loved to.  Without a word, Steve slung the shield away from, and it hummed through the air, ricocheted off three walls where it scraped the plaster, and came back to Steve, who caught it like an oversized discuss.  He wiped at the plaster dust while Tony tried to pick up his jaw from the ground.
“What was that?” Steve asks, and Tony can’t see (there’s a blanket in his face) but he can hear Steve smiling as he spreads a last duvet over the bed. It’s all heavy on his chest, but unlike the reactor sitting on his lungs, it’s a comforting weight.
“Save it.  Loki’s gonna keep this fight focused on us and that’s what we need.  Without him these things could run wild.  We got Stark up top, he’s gonna need us to-“
He triggered the trapdoor, revealing the hidden staircase down into the labyrinth beneath him – so what if it was cliché? – and, making sure the light in his chest was at a high beam, he stole down the stairs.
Not that he wasn’t worried about other things.  The media.  How Steve would continue his career as a firefighter (not that Tony wanted him to quit, but he wouldn’t need to work).  Kids, because while Tony might be warm towards the idea of getting married, Steve was the kind of guy that had an army of offspring, and Tony . . . well, they’d need to discuss it.
.  Pale silvery-brass in color, tarnishes iridescent.  6 to 6.5 on the Mohs Scale of Hardness.  Metallic luster.  Streaks brownish-greenish-black.  Cubic crystal structure.  Brittle.
She guides him to a human-sized room, with a low ceiling, bed covered in thick blankets and furs, and a large burning hearth.  All of his possessions, pack, MCWs, clothing, even the mitten he threw off, are piled neatly at the center of the small room.  Someone has also moved the armor case here, and it gives Tony more confidence they aren't holding him so that they can make an entrée of him.
“I did contract him out to the military a few weeks before he tried to break into my vault. You didn’t trust him then, did you?”
Steve Rogers realized he was in love with Tony Stark in a hospital cafeteria at 1:13 in the morning, watching the Norse god of thunder choke on tapioca pudding.
Makris looked over at Tony and grinned impishly.  “Lucky for you to have new member on your team, eh?”
It was unreal seeing Steve like this, haunted and defeated. Steve was . . . not solid, not yet. He was even-keeled, and had the potential to be solid. Something was holding him back, a combination of the past and whatever disappointment he felt in himself for not doing what he felt he should. But it was plain
“Tones.”  He looks up, and Rhodey is giving him that fathomless X-ray stare.  “You don’t have to do this.”
He ran for Times Square, because people would be there.  Had they won the war?  It was so loud.  Ma had always said when the Great War was over, people had convened there.
She gripped the sides of his face, her deep earthen eyes old and fierce.  “She appeared to me.  She told me that she sympathized with my plight.  She told me she could not sway your father, but she could make
“Nasty, but fascinating. I wanna know how he figured out how to freeze himself and everyone else like that –“ The klaxon sounded. “What the hell is it
Possibly the oddest sight was that of a man, perfectly built, running nude along the bottom of the ragged cliffs, powerful legs moving through knee-deep water.  As they outstripped him, the man waved.
“Bruce next!  Aww, look, both of you!” The package had the same model in two poses, one with green face paint and a purple bikini and making a supposedly-ferocious face as she display her clawed hands, the other of the same woman wearing beige slacks and an open lab coat, biting the frame of some prop glasses.  The colors were
Steve shook his head.  “That’s immortals for you.  You’ll get used to it.  Now, we better get going if you want dinner before we start our hunt.”
a forge, like food and drink and sleep and air.  He needed the fire burning and metal heating and the echoing clang of a hammer in his hand.  It was the only way he stayed sane in Athens.
The private villa wasn’t the biggest and/or most expensive that was available, but Tony had figured out, in the seven months that he and Steve had been together that Steve was still twitchy about Tony spending his money on him.  It was weird.  Steve wasn’t bothered or intimidated by Tony’s wealth, but he didn’t enjoy displays of it either.  Aside from his houses, cars, art, and the general expensiveness of everything he owned, he and Steve lived comfortably, but in no way did they over do it.  Steve bought the groceries (Tony had figured out very quickly that he shouldn’t protest), and most of their dates were normal type things that could be done for under fifty dollars.
be right.  But he can't stop himself.  The current favorite in his mind is an Italian man, on business or vacation, met a young Russian woman and left her pregnant, and she was forced to leave him in Sverdlovsk by her family.  Along the way, throughout this mad journey, Tony has focused on his mother.  It takes to much to be a mother, and so little to be a father.  He doesn't need to find the source of an ejaculation; he needs to find the woman who carried him, who bore him, who wrapped him tenderly in blankets and put him up for adoption in the desperate hope he would have a better life.  He can't be certain, of course.  But sometimes, he
“I tried my best to portray them true to life,” Steve said, crossing the room with Tony in his wake.  “The Maiotian Hydras . . . .”  Steve shivered.  “Give me bureaucrats any day.”
When everyone had showered and debriefed, they had crowded in the elevator to head up to the common living room to await their pizza order, when JARVIS announced,
Tony deposited the baskets where Bruce indicated, and after wiping his hands on his tunic, shook Bruce’s offered hand.  “Brimo of Epidarus.  I’ve heard a bit about you.  You’re a metallurgist, right?”
More of the Special Forces agents were following him, but he knew he could out run them.  He just didn’t know what he was running into.
.  So, most of the existing stock was either especially expensive or was gotten by gathering sea water in flasks and allowing the water to evaporate, leaving a small amount of salt.
Steve’s lap is warm. It fits well into the cradle of Tony’s hips. Like they were made for each other. And yes, Tony will entertain that ridiculous notion, because they have come across time and space and foiled death so many times, just to be here, and it is more than what he could have ever have imagined, because
“I wonder what Thor hasn’t been telling us,” Natasha said thoughtfully.  “According to Thor, Loki’s been in prison since they were teenagers.  Does a guy who’s been in jail for as long as he has really warrant such a close guard?”
“You might want to pretty yourself up.  We’re nearing Korkyra,” the man with the eye patch told him as he strode over.
Tony wracked his brains.  “Odysseus?  You said something about him washing up here,” he said doubtfully.
“Don’t assume you know anything about how to operate here.  Forget what you’ve learned; you’re starting over, clean slate.”
“Just come, Tony.  It’s alright, I got you,” Steve murmured, pressing a kiss to the juncture of Tony’s hip, who was making a drawn-out desperate sound.  “I wanna see you.  Come for me, Tony.”
Silently, Tony shook apart.  He had been so focused on Steve, he’d been unaware of his own erection.  It wasn’t a pleasurable orgasm.  He came down to Steve licking his fingers clean, removing the evidence, and pulling his shirt down on his newly-cleaned chest.
.  Why?” Tony popped up, catching sight of Steve staring down wistfully at the Google search results.  “You haven’t been there.  Why would you care?”
Caroline and Jeremy came back, and Jeremy was apologizing profusely for being inconsiderate, and was really sorry about making Steve remember something painful, and if he could still please talk with Steve, if he was forgiven?
“He was cold he was calculating.  He never told me he loved me, he never even told me he liked me.  He never heard me, and never made an effort to even
It took all of his restraint not to pull all of the wires and tubes and monitors out of Tony when Steve first entered Tony’s hospital room.  When Pepper had authorized their entry (“You must be
He used the wrist laser to cut the pipe holding the Stark Tower electricity connection and placed the disruptor over them.  It slid into place.  He powered the thrusters to blast out of the water, and directed himself through the concrete monoliths of Manhattan.
“So,” Steve turned back to Tony, eyes shimmering with leftover mirth.  “Is there anything that you maybe want to know?”
- eyes glinted. “Well, according to Mr. Stark’s security base data guidelines, there are redundancies to prevent unauthorized usage.”
“Hopefully the next will be better than the last.”  Tony glanced at Steve quickly, seeing a helplessly wide and optimistic smile.
“Can’t blame me for wanting to hear it,” Steve says softly, with stardust or some other sort of romantic cliché glittering in his eyes, but Tony
Awnings had been erected, shading groups of women tending to their looms.  Others were spinning and dying fresh wool, others still carding it.  A pair of men were hauling down bales of freshly shorn wool from an ox-drawn cart as a woman directed them by swinging her distaff a little wildly.  There were also men shouting as they set up large barrels and presses, for both grapes and olives.  One aged man was shaping
The logical part of him said it was a good idea. Steve had proved himself trustworthy, and even better, reluctant to pry, which would be nice in the face of Pepper and Happy’s constant questions. Steve was strong enough to carry him around like he weighed nothing, which would be good in emergency situations. He also didn’t let on very much, but something about Steve’s poise said he was permanently ready for a fight, which would come in handy in the case of someone holding the villain of the week off while he got the suit on.
“You – you – “ Tony babbled as Steve languidly pumped is index finger in and out of Tony’s ass.  “More.  Fuck you,
Steve smiled pityingly.  “Really Tony, it’s fine.  I’ve heard of your metalwork, but you aren’t here to apprentice a master smith.  You will have plenty of other things to keep you occupied.  Anyway, metalwork isn’t exactly a common pursuit for the son of a king, is it?”
“Ah, yes.  Our beautiful Korkyra is no match for dusty Attika, boy,” a third man said playfully.  “Steve, where do you plan on taking him?”
It would probably look awkward from the outside: a grown man balanced in the lap of an only slightly larger man, but Tony doesn’t care. Steve holds on too tight for him to even think of moving. Only when Tony shifts closer and feels
and a small pack filled with other food for the day.  With the sun on their necks and the wind whipping their tunics around their knees, the pair set off.
The situation of his father’s bastards was the bane of his mother’s existence.  A few of them, mainly Rhodey and Pepper, had been born before she arrived in Athens, their mothers were dead or gone, and they respected her.   Maria had no issue with them.  Nor the women Howard raped in fits of drunkenness, whom Maria often found crying in the storerooms after feasts.  They respected her position, legal wife and mother to the legitimate heir.
Because he knows, the second he questions it, it will evaporate, smoke through his fingers and quantum mechanics in the clouds, and he must hold on to this, for as long as he can, because when it’s over, he’ll be vapor too.  Because this has robbed him of his substance, because he can’t be content with friendship and the possibility of having Steve nearby for years, no, he’ll take it, all of it, whatever he can get.
“Ugh,” Tony grunted as he threw himself face down on the bed, suit still buttoned up.  “Kill me now.”
He ran, and ran, and ran, through streets that were familiar yet unrecognizable.  He saw a street sign and immediately recognized his location, midtown Manhattan, but no land mark was at all familiar.  It was like someone had replaced all the buildings, but left the street plan.
And he thinks that if he neglects it long enough, that if he starves it, it will die, and he won’t have to deal with it.  It never dies, though, and he wonders if it might just kill him.
Tony was pushed up against the wall, near the potters mark tile and the counter that was probably a maitre d’s desk.  There was a printed sheet of paper in a cheap silver frame.
Every time Tony received even the tiniest hit or jolt in mid-air, he let out a pained hiss over the comm which had Steve suppressing the urge to drop his shield, rush to Tony's side, pick him up, and hide him away somewhere warm and safe until he was completely healed.  He was severely regretting his decision not to bench Tony, but it's wasn't like he could have anyway.  Two-thirds of the team was "on leave", and there wasn't much time to call them in at any rate.
He and Pepper didn’t end up having their discussion.  She took one look at Steve hovering protectively over Tony’s bedside and said softly “Oh, Steve.”
So all Tony could do is point Steve in the right direction and hope he wasn’t forgotten. Because Steve was to be great, there was no doubting it. Steve was destined to change the world, and soon enough he would leave. Tony hoped to change the world, and doing it in tandem with Steve would be more than he could ever ask for, but it couldn’t always be like this, sharing pizza on a slow afternoon.
Steve nodded.  “You’d be quite right.  We’re an island.  We have a lot of ships.  Poseidon is a given.  Also, up until me, the royal house was descended from him.”  Steve gestured over at the painting on the back wall of the woman and Poseidon.  “Athena is necessary in any polis that wishes to have an operable government, and Artemis is important when you live in the wilderness.  Of course, we do not neglect the other gods, but –“
Maria had supplied when they were looking into a ring for Steve.  By that time Tony had already been wearing the vibranium ring that Steve had proposed with, after careful instructions from Maria on how to scrape off enough metal from the shield and not compromise the structural integrity.
After their socializing they were allowed to get ice cream (Steve got Black Raspberry Chocolate Chip while Tony tried the Dark Chocolate Truffle Gelato), and of course they got pulled away from each other again, as everyone still wanted to talk.  By the time Tony resurfaced, Steve had disappeared.
“Rhodey, even you got one!” Rhodey looked like he wanted to bolt, but he was used to Tony’s harebrained gift ideas like Pepper.  He looked fond as he looked over
“Oh.” Tony scrambled for a decent answer. Something about Steve said he wouldn’t accept a full out lie, but might be okay a partial truth. Steve didn’t seem to want to share too much, either. “Don’t tell the papers, but I have a bit of heart trouble in stressful situations. I had an – er – mechanical failure of sorts, and needed to get some peace. A bit of a nap, the power comes flooding right back.”
happen usually once a day.  Usually more.  And he’s not twenty-five anymore, goddamnit, but it’s Steve, looking at him with darkened eyes, very aroused and very sad, and Tony doesn’t know why Steve always looks so destroyed nowadays, like someone is skinning the flesh of his heart off an atom at a time.
So when Steve moves into the Tower, and Tony sees him curled up in an armchair, sideways with his legs thrown over the side, a multimedia sketchpad on his lap, graphite stick and smudger in his fingers, Tony allows himself a moment to think “Well, they weren’t lying then”, and goes back to getting his coffee.
“I’m counting on it.  But realize I am not new to this game.”  Natasha strolled over, flicked Clint’s bicep, and poured the contents of her basket into one of the three larger ones by Clint’s feet.  Poppy heads.
“Of course.”  There were things that Tony didn’t want anyone to know, much less the gossiping servants.  But it seemed that it was prudent to retain that caution in Korkyra.
be waiting for the car to take him to his private jet, but instead taking the suit straight home from the meeting in Stockholm.  Pepper just huffed and went about packing her briefcase.
“Don’t I know it.  When I first got here . . . I was a warrior and a general.  I had no idea how to run a kingdom.  They’ve helped me learn as I go.  But really, I hope you get more tutelage beforehand that I did.”  Steve stood and stretched.  “I saw you examining my walls.  Curious as to the meanings?”
“I know it’s my first year in your group, but do you guys always get together for birthdays?” Tony asked as he plopped on the couch with a glass of Sam’s “secret” lemonade.  (He put mint leaves and bourbon in it.  That was the secret.)
A chuckle vibrated through the bed, and Tony allowed himself to smile into the darkness.  “Well, you’re consistent in your inconsistency.  How’s that?”
Steve finds him on the balcony, white tee and black briefs sticking to him, hair plastered to his face, limp in his deck chair, clutching his phone in one hand and the bronze token in the other, out on the balcony, out in the storm.
by color.  Steve had read off some fact to him, that it was the largest half-dome in the world when it was built, and was still second next to the Sidney Opera House.  Tony hadn’t expected it to be this bright though.  The upper portions of the dome were painted in stripes of half-circles, all oranges and yellows.  The colors didn’t mesh well with the pale stone of the columns and floors and the aluminum trim, but the overall effect with muted, recessed lighting was cheery and welcoming.  Tony followed in Steve’s wake as he drifted past the admissions desk, which was still open for people with questions, and came to rest in the center of the hall.
“No,” Howard looked at him, harsh, like a slave trader looked at a potential purchase.  Assessing what the slave could do, how much it would benefit
.  No children demanding cuddles, no children to teach, no children to be better than him in every way.
was . . . intoxicating.  Sharing the couch with him at dinner, the way Tony could differentiate the difference between the sharp, pointed heat of the hearth flames and the mellower body heat that bled from the man.  It wasn’t the exquisite beauty in his form, the smoothness of his skin, the deepness of his voice, the slight tang to his sweat.  No, it that unidentifiable
“Augh!” Pikas shouted, picking up a medium-sized boulder and hurling it a dozen cubits away, where it landed with a splash.  The river (stream!) god grunted, obviously impressed with his party trick, and Tony resisted the urge to roll his eyes.  “Now!  Answer my question
The woman in the purple answered first.  “I am Makris, daughter of Aristaios and Autonoe of Thebes.”
They kissed again, slow, and Steve could still taste the slightest hint of himself on Tony's tongue.  He shivered.
Tony opens his eyes while their lips are still meshed together, and sees Steve looking, eyes beseeching
It was terrible, awful, a strict breech of any bond of friendship and decorum and Tony couldn’t look away.
Regretfully, Tony emerges from his cocoon of damp afghans and peels off his tee shirt and briefs. He doesn’t bother covering up. Why would Steve be looking at a naked Tony Stark?
?  I mean I do, love to have sex with you, but it’s not the only thing . . . .”  Steve was smiling lightly, nodding.  “ . . . I love you.  Everything kind of stems from that.”
It was rather abrupt, but Tony was always game to talk about Iron Man. “He’s doing well. Hasn’t needed to be here in a while. Nothing too major since the whole deal with Shapanka. He’s doing just as well was a man with an iron heart can.” Something occurred to him. “Shapanka seemed to know you. Where did you two meet?”
“Because you called me at four in the morning and said you wanted to have a drink. Forgive me for worrying that something happened.”
To his disappointment, Steve wasn’t there when he arrived, but Jane and Frigga had been left run of the house.
“Alright. Up and at ‘em,” Steve orders, tossing a pile of towels and sweats on the coffee table. Tony makes a grunt of protest and scrunches up his face. Steve lets out a soft laugh and suddenly a hot, dry palm is pressing gently onto Tony’s forehead, and a thumb is brushing at the corners of his eyes. It’s nice. It’s always nice when Steve touches him. Tony enjoys touching Steve, but there’s something about Steve initiating the contact that makes him especially pleased.
Windows to the right and behind the bed, open, he could jump.  Door ten feet from the foot of the bed, closed, possibly locked.  He would have to try it.
“What’s it called?” Steve asked, moving back towards his tablet, dragging a clinging Tony along with him.
“Believe me, the pleasure is all mine,” he found himself responding robotically.  He could hear Tony whispering in his ear
And the worst part is, he knows that if things were different, he wouldn’t drop everything for Steve.  If they were together, Tony would bitch and moan half-heartedly and Steve would smile indulgently before firing right back, and they would fall asleep together.
with him, and that she had come to the conclusion that they were only ever together for the sake of convenience.
The map that is projected on the wall is incomplete, but if it’s what Tony recognizes, it is very bad.
Zoloto returns with a large wooden box held in her jaw, with she lays down gently on the floor. She gestures for Tony to open it.
“There’s a debriefing packet waiting for you at your apartment.  There anything you can tell us about the Tesseract that we ought to know now?” Fury called after him.
In less than a second, Steve had Tony bent over the washtub sink, cluttered with greasy rags and tubs of GoJo.  A gush of dark, translucent, amber liquid came from Tony’s convulsing throat.
“And when I woke up, it was an opportunity.  I could move on, head back to art school.  Maybe on the GI bill.”  Steve paused for Tony’s strained laugh.  “But the Avengers.  I was needed to serve still.  Not only my country, but the world.  And it would have been selfish to try and leave it behind.”
“But,” Steve looked down and wet his lips, then looked at Tony, eyes searing. “I couldn’t work for you anymore. I wouldn’t get to see you. As much.”
Steve nods in understanding. He looks almost shy as he asks his next question.  “Are you . . . going back?”
Ignoring Bruce’s smug smirk, Tony winced, but spoke.  “Heeeey, Steve.  Just wondering what baby that was.”
Breathing is difficult.  His heartrate is up to what are unsafe levels, but no matter how many breathing exercises he tries it won’t help.  There are a multitude of solutions, but all but one see impossible to reach without drastically changing the fabric of reality.  “I - I need out.  Out of my brain.  Out of Tony Stark.  It’s – it’s like I’m choking.  On everything.  I – I want
Another hint of the damaged child. Instead of idealized pasts filled with magic, baby Tony dreamt up realistic futures full of decay.
After they fell asleep in Tony’s room the previous afternoon, they had woken up after dark with growling stomachs.  Steve had reheated dinner for the two of them, and afterward they watched
“Can we do that again?” he calls, and he feels Dikost’s eagerness. Tony has his legs hooked around the wing joints, and he feels them pull in as Dikost torpedoes back into the blanket of clouds.
NOTE: One of the problems with studying the corpus that is Greek (and Roman) mythology is that it is decentralized and highly variable by region.  In layman’s terms, that means there can be several conflicting myths going on at the same time, and can be CONFUSING AS FUCK.  In this chapter, Steve gets into the geography and history of the island, which I have spliced together bits that I like and have melded it with my Marvel-ified myths.  Also, when it comes to the ages of man, I follow Ovid, not Hesiod (so no Heroic Age; they’re in the tail end of the Bronze Age, near the dawn of the Iron Age) for REASONS.  Feel free to ask me to clarify, because I love to yell about this shit and ignore my real life responsibilities.
Tony hitched the leather strap with his small jar higher on his shoulder.  “Not much.  I’m sorry; Howard didn’t give me any time to breathe before he put me on my ship here.  I would have done more research.  But this is where Odysseus landed after his exile, right?”
Apparently, this was how it was supposed to go.  Everyone he knew was dead.  His children were to be born in an age he didn’t know.  This age, of fast-talkers and smartphones and insincerity.
Loki brought the scepter up, and just as Tony was saying his goodbyes, it clinked against the metal of the arc reactor.
Dragons. Dragons hold the answers he has come for.  What are they, some sort of mythical paternity testing facility?  But it is more than that.  He can tell.  The real son of Howard and Maria Stark was created with alien intervention.  Why can’t dragons tell Tony where he came from?
“Hey, Steve, you wanna do a Twentieth Century Music lesson?” he inquired from the doorway, wearing the now ubiquitous sweats – purple sweatshirt and black-and-white gears on the pants this time – holding a 45 album under his arm.
“He’s fine.  Just needs some air.  Come on, Steve,” Natasha steered him out of the room, Tony’s worried eyes and Clint and Thor’s argument about cheesecake sizes following them.
“The Avengers.”  The Asgardian looked confused.  “It’s what we call ourselves, sorta like a team.  ‘Earth’s mightiest heroes’ type of thing.”
They had slept together.  Well, had sex then fallen asleep together, and Tony didn’t know what was worse, that he managed to get Steve to sleep with him, or that he gotten Steve to
Steve seemed to be debating touching him, and Tony was torn between shoving the hand away and begging for Steve’s touch.  So he stayed as still as possible.
With a piece of machinery, you can try something one hundred times and you will get one result.  With a person, you can try something one hundred times and will get one hundred results.
Pepper nodded, a flash of anger hidden by her usual mask of passive indifference.  “At once.  Come, Thratta.”
.  Tony had never seen them worn by anyone besides slaves and day laborers.  Yet somehow, the simple garment fit Steve, his legend, and the island.  So worried he was about feeling overdressed that he forgot to mourn the disappearance of the majority of Steve’s muscled form.
Tony says nothing.  Not because he has nothing to say, but because he has too much.  And maybe, for once, Steve should be the one talking.
.” The bitter, humorless noise that came from Steve’s mouth was inhuman. “I want to know what we’d be if it weren’t for
Steve held his gaze for the longest moment. The air seemed to turn turgid, like molasses, but also crystalline like ice. Slow and brittle and beautiful, all because of Steve’s eyes.
There are plenty of nights where he can’t sleep because of how his chest is clenched in a table-mounted vice grip.
“Would have loved to have Steve polish, but it had to be the Captain.”  Tony sounded sorry as he handed him the package, showing a woman wearing a cut-off version of the suit that he had seen similar versions of around Halloween.  He did appreciate how they had set the model’s fake blond hair in victory curls, though.
Soft, light, everything Tony had dreamed kissing Steve would be like, but with the added feeling of the  way Steve’s throat worked when Tony put his hand there, and when did that happen?
“No, I didn’t.”  Just another thing that filled Tony with confusing warmth.  Elsewhere he would be offended of not being welcomed with a lavish banquet in his honor.  But the obvious lengths Steve and the others seemed to be going, as sparse as they were comparatively, to bring him into their fold were touching.  Tony wasn’t sure how to respond.
“Friends!” Thor boomed.  Natasha cocked an eyebrow.  “Comrades?  It is wonderful to see you!  I am incredibly thankful for your effort to make your way out here.”  His eyes twinkled as he assessed the other guests still stumbling over the terrain.  “It gives me so much joy, and means so much to my beloved Jane and myself to be surrounded by our good friends on this occasion.”
He was the first in many things.  And apparently hearing children that could never exist was one of them.
UPDATE: I'm really sorry I haven't updated this very recently, but I'm currently working on by Big Bang, which is a historical AU that is very long and needs lots of research.  I'm not abandoning this, I know where I'm going, it's just gonna be a little while.  <3
It’s rough, much rougher than Steve usually is.  Not brutal or anything, but like Steve is trying to say something with his body because his mouth can’t remember how.
“’Impressive’?  Tony, it’s a masterpiece of Art Deco,” Steve lamented, gesturing up at the façade.  The front was massive, with two bas reliefs framing the sides of the humongous half-dome.  There was a pair of rectangular vertical bars supporting a large analogue clock in the center of the front.  Tony loved the accuracy of digital clocks, but he had to admit the strong aluminum lines backlit and accented with glowing neon were stunning.
After debriefing, they headed up to the common floor.  Bucky stood next to him, silent as he always was now.  In the six months that Bucky had been back, and the four months since it had been decided he could take up his place in the Avengers, yet Bucky was still closed off and quiet.
Thor would probably get Tony the biggest teddy bear he could find.  Bruce would try for a card and probably be laughed at. Clint was sure to fill the recovery room in the most obnoxious balloons available.  Pepper would try for flowers or a fruit basket.
and I’m – “ Tony gazed off, like he was seeing everyone who had ever oppressed or belittled him, “me.”  Like an afterthought.
Jarvis had been driving the car when Howard, Maria, and he had been killed.  Something about the report was sketchy, as Steve had been denied the request to read it.  But if he pushed, all vital information would probably be blacked out anyway.
It’s low, he knows, but for some reason, he’s exhausted. Exhausted by their entire relationship.  He doesn’t know why it’s hitting him now, but he’s sick of it.  As much as he’s always admired Steve, how much he loves working with him, the pressure of it begins to grate after a while.
He was a teammate, a genius, and a friend.  He was terribly mature for his age.  Tony was Iron Man, not Iron Boy.
“Well,” Steve replied coolly, “I was from there as much as you are.  I think I’ve had more experience than you have of everyone looking down their nose at me.”
He didn’t pay much attention to the discussion that evolved.  Bruce came in a few moments after Tony, and seated himself at the table with the others.  Natasha procured tea for the two of them, and powdered hot chocolate for Tony, as he wasn’t supposed to be having caffeine.  He whined at the powdery substance, and Steve had to hold himself back from pulling out another pot and showing Tony how good
Tony had been told by his mother to go to bed, had been told by his nurse to go to bed, had been told by his tutor to go to bed, had been told by Jarvis to get out of the banquet hall, and had been told by Pepper and Rhodey that he would be caught.  But still, there he was, least he miss his chance to observe Steve unopposed.
for me, whenever I need it.  You don’t get mad or frustrated at me when it’s something serious.  You’re
He quickly dumped the tray and the dirty bowls in the kitchen (all of the chicken chunks were gone), and moved purposefully back to the elevator, leaning against the mirrored wall and pressing a palm over the hard outline out his cock through his sweatpants.
“Well,” Tony scrubbed his forearms thoughtfully.  “Pretty much the same as before, except I won’t have to stop myself from reaching out to slap your ass or kiss you.  We can snuggle during movie night and make everyone vomit with how adorable we are.  You get to nag me more, and I’ll have to listen.  And we communicate, I guess.  I don’t have much experience with relationships."
“You know,” Steve said as she turned and disappeared deeper into the courtyard, “water isn’t actually bad for you.”
“Shut up.”  Barton probably meant it as a bark, but it came out like a whine.  “In the field, I’m the best at seeing things, because people hide in logical places.  It’s predictable.  Those books,” he shivered, “have no rhyme or reason to them.  ‘Oh hey, let’s put the safety pin in the public fountain.  Let’s put the dime in the crevice where no one would ever think to look.’  It’s
The suddenly tense silence weighed between them. “You still haven’t said what went wrong out there.”
Had Tony set JARVIS to watch Steve and alert him if Steve seemed pissed?  Steve wouldn’t have put it past him.
From where Tony crouched unseen beneath a cloth-covered table, Stephanos of Athens was every bit the ideal hero.
“After all his years on Ogygia, I’m sure any other island would seem palatal.  If you can believe it, the island was much less developed.  Perhaps he was just being overly generous in his description.  But the way the sun shines on the cliffs sometimes, you might think they were bronze.  Apparently there was once a pair of gold and silver guard dogs, built by Hephaestus, but they’re disappeared.  Let me know if you find them.”  They laughed.  “But the orchards are the best I’ve ever seen.  The true beauty of Korkyra is the land and the sea and the hills and fields.  You’ll see today.  You wouldn’t be a Hellene if you didn’t see the beauty here.”
Tony has wasted untold hours and money on developing the most sophisticated communications equipment and network for the Avengers. Built to withstand and survive any natural disaster, in any condition, in any corner of the Earth and a good many other places in the universe.
As much as he would love to blame his father, he can’t. It’s definitely warranted, but the man’s dead. Putting all the blame on him, even if he were alive, doesn’t excuse Tony. No one forced him to pick up a whiskey bottle. No one made those decisions for him.
Steve’s fingers tap impatiently on the table.  “There was no time.  I didn’t have any time to make a well thought-out decision.  It – the Accords were stuffed in our faces, I was against the idea from the start.  But they gave us
And they had reached Howard.  Steve and Tony both quickly began shoveling the stew in their faces.  After a few moments, Tony cleared his throat:
The presumed woman’s room was located closest to a second set of back stairs, presumably for servants.  Her room had nothing in the way of looms or spinning; the most feminine objects were several vases of flowers and a table set with a large circular bronze mirror, brushes, and
He wasn’t going to last.  Tony had been so preoccupied with the ovum’s production that they hadn’t had sex in a week.  He’d not even masturbated, concerned with keeping his sperm count high.  With his elevated testosterone and high sex drive Tony sometimes couldn’t keep up with him.  It didn’t matter, Tony was so much more than sex, but the sex was undoubtedly fantastic.
Steve nodded, chewing his barely mash.  “Kronia.  I had no idea of what it was when I first arrived here.  But it is actually very nice, everyone always enjoys it.  We don’t do things anywhere near Athens’ scale, but we make up for it in enthusiasm.”
But she had been wrong about Tony before, right?  He was the only one who she had ever read incorrectly.  She could have done so again, misinterpreted Steve and Tony’s close friendship as attraction on both parts.  Seen their loving regard as actual love.
Makris stood from where she was sitting on the ground beside Tony and placed a hand on Steve’s bicep.  “You should know, before it gets serious.  Towards the southern end of the island, around my mountain, there is boar on the loose.”
.  Don’t tell me that you love me,” he bites through gritted teeth.  “Just tell me that you want me.”
But Howard idolized him.  And combined with the fact Tony had never properly met him, he was wary to believe the legends.
“Lila.”  Steve was glaring intently at the fitted sheet, thick brows wrinkled.  Tony was suddenly vividly remembered of their arrival, how Steve had stared at the Mini Batons in something close to disbelief.  He’d been so angry after, and of course Tony thought he was mad at him.  But thinking back on it, there was some sort of desperate loneliness in Steve’s eyes as he observed the Family Barton.  He had spent the afternoon staring at them moodily, and lashing out whenever anyone had approached him.  But when Tony brought Fury up to the house, Steve had been sitting on the floor, up to his elbows in poster paint and markers, being grilled by the boy while he traded pictures with the girl.  A wrinkled pile of sloppy drawings rested innocently on the bureau.
Peggy’s there for him, except when she’s gone.  Natasha becomes a friend, but there’s another person in her as well, but the real woman is far better obscured than he or Tony could even try.  She’s started peeling away some of her layers, but he’s certain that she has much farther to go with herself before she could reveal it to anyone else.  And as close as they might be, he does not feel the best person that should be there for
Thor had gotten what looked like one of everything (not unusual for him), Bruce had a mostly-empty bowl of a lukewarm vegetable noodle soup, and Clint was chowing down half-heartedly on some of the same rubbery pizza.
And it’s downright cruel.  It’s cruel to ask something like that.  Because Tony is perceptive.  People never made sense the way machines always did.  With a machine, there is always a logical reason as to why this or that happens.  With enough diagnostic work, the answer can always be found.  But people – they’re so much more nuanced and complicated.  And he’s had to work at reading people.  He’s had to work out how people think and react.  And it’s made him better at it than most.
It had become something to do when there was spare time.  Steve had been quickly introduced to the basics of music over the past seventy years: Elvis, the Beatles, Motown, disco, hair bands, grunge, but he had wanted a more in-depth education.  His friends had risen to the challenge spectacularly.
“Well, I have been considering getting it trademarked,” Tony said with a steadily relaxing smirk.  “I’ll just be over here, hopefully sleeping.  Do I have to do a pose or something?”
it’s too much for us, but it’s all on you.  ‘Cause if we can’t protect the Earth, you’ll be damn well sure we avenge it.”
And this may very well be the end of him, but for this moment, with Steve everywhere he wants him but not where he needs him, he’ll take it, he’ll fucking take it, because there’s some saying he mocked, about it being better to have loved and lost, and he’s paying for it now, because this is love and yet it isn’t, and this is what he gets for not believing in love, for ridiculing those who found it.
Natasha turns out to be the biggest spender, but it’s mainly for appearances.  Tony discovers that she bitches
He would need to inquire after Steve if there was a way he could communicate privately with home.  Tony had never heard anything of his letters to Peggy, so Steve must have decent avenues for smuggling his correspondence.
“No.  SHEILD doesn’t recruit people with voices anymore unless they’re specialists, stopped in the fifties . . . .”
Steve stifled his slightly-manic grin. “It’s nothing. Stupid. I’m being ridiculous. Been riding high on adrenaline or something the past few days. Forgive me.”
,” Tony puffed, but honestly, he didn’t feel too terrible.  The entire time, Steve had run back and forth like a distracted dog, cutting him off and doubling back, sometimes running backward at twice the speed Tony could manage.  At first Tony though Steve was just showing off, but as time when on he suspected this was Steve’s way of trying to keep pace with Tony’s much inferior speed.
Tony’s eyes were already drifting close.  “If you insist.  And we’ll get married tomorrow?  After sex?”
my real name.”  But he realizes that’s wrong.  Dragons have no care for the names on legal documents.  “Or it’s David.  I don’t know.”
Tony stared at him for about five seconds before he dissolved into laughter.  Steve harrumphed and crossed his arms, waiting for Tony to collect himself.
Steve looks almost pathetic.  Hopeless.  Despondent.  But Tony isn’t required to be the bigger person.  He’s tried it.
Steve let out a high-pitched pitiful whimper, sounding almost pained.  Like this wasn’t happy spank-bank material.  Tony wanted to reach over and help, but it would ruin everything.
to go on.  Maybe someday there will be a world DNA data bank, but until that time comes, you're sunk unless you have a close relative who is a criminal.
He and Bruce were still puttering around with illegally-downloaded files when Fury swept in like the angry pirate he was.
have to deal with.  Contrary to popular belief, you are not the center of my universe.  I have bigger problems than you in the Southwest region to deal with.  Hit ‘em.”
They were in the kitchen, Steve at the stove and Tony sitting on the counter next to him, Captain America socks dangling a foot off the ground.  Steve had complained that Tony
afterwards.  For years, sex was a tool to me; the first time I was assigned a target on American soil I
“Oh, it’s here!” Tony exclaimed with a little dance, jigging his butt as he jumped in place before  grabbing the box and struggling with the packing tape.
She nodded gracefully.  “Nykteis of Sparta.  Don’t bother introducing yourself.  We know who you are.  And no, Clint.  Steve will tell him, when he’s ready.”
I was right.  But it’s been difficult getting you here.  Unlike everyone else, getting you here was more than just asking you.  I’ve had to deal with Howard.  I’ve offered many times to have you come here to mentor with me; at least, that was what I told him.  But his response was always an offer of him hosting me if I came back to Athens.  Howard is many things, but an idiot is not one of them, and I would not be able to pull the wool over his eyes if I was there.  He’d never approve of you becoming an Alastor, but it’s your
“Yes, and I'm not leaving because suddenly you get a little twitchy.  I'd like to know why SHIELD is using the Tesseract to build weapons of mass destruction.”
Tony kisses the juncture of Steve neck.  “Deal.  Anything else?  Want an actual art studio?  I’ll have them build you an actual studio.  Darkroom, marble chisels, the works.”
“A lot of people don’t think I’d ever have kids.  They say I’m not the fatherly type.  When I was younger, I believed them; I convinced myself I never would have them.”
To ask him what the hell what he’d gotten himself into.  To ask him where the shield had come from.  To ask him about everything.  “I have letter I need to send home.  He left a note about your post, but I don’t know who to talk to.”
Steve glanced around.  “I haven’t made an official announcement.  Would you like me to?  You’re not exactly here on an official capacity.  I was planning on just telling a few important individuals, and letting the word get around.  Whatever the case, the entire island will know by breakfast.”
The hill where they are cloistered overlooks a dull concrete complex in Manitoba. The team’s orders are to make havoc so Tony can get inside and dig up whatever Zemo’s hiding.  Routine.
Stark was getting warmed up.  “Yeah.  That's just previews, this is...this is opening night.  And Loki, he's a full-tail diva.  He wants flowers, he wants parades, he wants a monument built to the skies with his name plastered-“
Still breathing heavily, Tony sat on one of the boulders directly in the surf.  He reached down to scoop water over his face, and relished the feel of the cool waves washing over his burning calves.  Steve had wandered off, but returned with the jars that had held their lunch filled with crisp fresh water.  They drank in silence for a while, taking in the turquoise water and chalking cliffs littered with wiry trees.
calling: finding the secret of human immortality! So while he was away, I decided to take my chances. If the bumbling
Steve ignored the way the bottom of his stomach dropped out when Tony said “I fucking love you,” and focused on dragging his spoon along the bottom of the bowl and ribbing him.  “Don’t tell me the great Tony Stark is admitting to not knowing something?”
(Fury, it seems, gets that he’s a real person as well, but he doesn’t count, because he only knows it so he can exploit Steve.  And he doesn’t like being used.)
“No, you’re right.”  Steve stopped at the foot of a set of stairs and pursed his lips.  “Do you know what he wants more than anything?”
“Sometimes I feel like no matter what I do, you’re not going to believe me. I could tattoo ‘TONY LESS THAN THREE NUMERAL’S STEVE’ on the Skull’s face, and you’d still ask me if it was true.”
Seeing Steve with his people . . . stirred something melancholy in Tony.   In Athens, status was quite simply everything.  He’d never spent much time with the everyday people.  Up on the acropolis . . . things were very removed.  You only came down when you needed to, and it was never to meet with the populace in an informal manner.
“Eh, we lace everything with it.  Bread and cakes, the kykeon we had for lunch.  And of course cheese and yogurt.  You’ll graduate from malnourished city slicker to strong country bumpkin in no time.”
It hit him as he gazed at Tony, lounging on his bed with his legs spread, what was happening.  They were together,
He pulled open the bandages to reveal a raised metal circle embedded in the middle of his sternum, humming faintly.
Steve balls up a fist and clenches his jaw, but only lightly brings his hand down on the armrest as he breathes through his nose. “That’s work,” Steve says tightly. “Leave it to work hours.”
As always, if you're curious or confused about anything regarding the Greeks, customs, names, ect, I don't bite!
Tony grinned up through curly lashes, and wow, Howard’s eighteen year-old son was probably the biggest surprise the future held.
He finishes the coffee and sets the mug down gently, trying to preserve the stillness, but when Steve speaks, it isn’t what Tony expects.
Determination and promise and stubbornness.  Steve knew every atom of Tony’s mouth, but set about re-familiarizing himself with it.  It was heat and suction and the barest scrape of teeth on his tongue, something so many people were scared to try, but Steve was a foolhardy idiot, and curled Tony’s toes.  Tony had his arms cadging Steve’s chest, and Steve’s left hand gripped his face, and his right gripped his hip.
He wipes is now-greasy fingers on his thick pants.  “I’m fine right now. Tell me more about . . . everything.”
“Yes.” There isn’t any reason to hide the truth.  Well, a portion of it.  “I tracked down my mother’s family in Ural Mountains.  My parents are dead, but my aunt was really welcoming.  It was nice, but I had to come back.”
It did feel a bit shameful to crawl into bed with the man he had just come from thinking about, but it wasn’t as though he could explain the awkwardness.
As always, the simple green highway sign with “Camp Nelson / Coy Flat” snuck up on him, and as distracted as he was, would have breezed right past it if it weren’t for the mismatched row of mailboxes on the shoulder.  The house where his favorite firefighters resided was represented by one of the largest, aluminum painted bright red with St. Florian’s Cross done in painstaking detail in gold and black.  It stuck out amid all the grey, white, and green boxes, just like five New York fire people in a town of 97.
She let her chair fall with a thunk, and leaned forward on her forearms.  Even from across the room, her gaze made him shiver.  “You’re leaving us little choice.”
to stick out.  Tony seemed disappointed for some reason, pulling the duvet up to cover everything below the reactor, clutching a handful of fisted cloth over the device itself, unnaturally quiet while Steve checked his stitches.
Bruce deflated.  “Betty would tell me, when we would go to lunch in the university cafeteria.  Her dad . . . she was an army brat, you know.  Grew up on bases.  Said the army fed better than any educational institution she’d ever been in.”
Clint picks up the peach white zinfandel and mumbles into the carton, “Maybe the dick up your ass should tell you something.”
He wouldn’t, that was the problem.  Tony’s boyfriend was a coinsurer of the simpler things in life.  He loved being outdoors, preferred street pizza over Tony flying Italian in, spent his Sundays burrowed into the covers and then painted for a while, read a book, watched SNL.  Normal things.  Steve wouldn’t want Tony spending untold amounts of cash on a
“The season just ended, and I make sure to clean up after myself.  No one will ever know,” Steve offers.
“Um, actually, no, but keep thinking that.” The armor clanged against the wall and he groped for the switch that triggered the trapdoor. Despite the clumsy fingers of the armor, he managed to grip it and pull. The door’s hydraulics engaged, and Shapanka fell with a clatter. It took a minute to fumble the switch in the opposite direction, and in that time, the motor whined and groaned to a halt, ice coating the interior workings.
“Their jargon reminds me of you,” Steve whispered, breath fanning over Tony’s face.  “It helps me sleep.  It calms me down.  Makes me think you’re here.”
Steve hung his head against the tiled wall, water from the shower washing away all traces of orgasm.
I wrote this over a year ago, when I was the early stages of writing.  I was still trying to figure things out.  I still am.  And I messed up.  I wrote two paragraphs that have made me question why I bother writing more than any other work I've done.  While trying to convey, poorly as I now see it, the very real possibility of Steve's misunderstanding of some things in the modern world that are rather sensitive, I picked a hot-button topic with next to no thought, and never addressed it again.
“With this new engine you oughta pass them other crates like they was standin’ still! How you feelin’ ‘bout the long haul?” Mike grunted around his cigarette.
His body is maybe forty-five feet long, covered in red and gold plating. Fire burns brightly in his belly.  He feels
But does he really want to know? Does he?  He knows better than most the burden of knowledge.  It’s not always good to know things.  God, it’s downright awful some of the time.  But this is an addiction he could never hope to kick.  He thrives best while unraveling the secrets of the universe.  It’s not good for him, but he can’t
Tony found Steve’s fingers and squeezed his hand.  “It’s fun.  They do it because they care about you.  It’s nice.”
Tony turned to see what was holding him back, and saw a car battery with a label in Arabic.  Wires were connected to the conductors, which lead to strips of gauze that were wrapped around his chest.
It didn’t help that Steve was single too.  For a while after they had moved in, Natasha had been quite determinedly trying to get Steve out on a date (with Peggy’s
The throne room obviously was the only room of any decent size to be called a proper hall.  The bronze doors were propped open, flickering torchlight warmly paving the path.
Steve just stares at him.  He doesn’t stand.  He just sits, enormously broad shoulders angled slightly inward, slight pout to his mouth.  Steve almost always has a slight pout to his mouth.
“You’re shivering.” Steve presses the back of his hand to Tony’s forehead. “We need to get your body heat up before I’ll let you start complaining.”
Steve didn’t moan.  His breathing was harsh and ragged, controlled and stifled, only letting out the occasional tiny whimper that had Tony wanting to make Steve make those noises.  He didn’t know if Steve was naturally just that quiet or he was keeping it down because of the assumption that Tony was asleep and Steve didn’t want him awakened.
Steve nodded a few times. He glanced out the window and his eyes widened. “Is that the site of the World’s Fair?”
Tony stopped trying to burrow into Steve’s shirt.  “You little shit.”  The door opened before he could get farther.
“Are they little smart mouths?  Your kids would be.”  Bucky’s face was smiling, but there was a bitter twist to it.  When Bucky had woken up on his eighteenth, his mind was just as much of his own as it always had been.  Bucky had said it would be fine, that he didn’t really want children, but Steve could tell that Bucky wasn’t happy with having the choice taken from him.
“Why would anyone hide anything here?  I’ve seen things in the desert, Siberian forests, fucking under the sea.  Why suburban Atlanta?”
.  But, honestly, thanks for putting us up,” Tony said awkwardly.  “You didn’t get much notice before we kinda just fell into your lap. . . .”
“Thank you,” Pepper chirped, all business, and how thankful he was that she quickly let things go.  “Your mother wants to see you.  And you should probably be dressed for her.”
He allowed his mind to drift to that bright red vibrator, so seemingly innocent if you had no idea to what it was intended for.  A harsh breath came from his powerful lungs.
She smiled, and let out the barest huff of a laugh, like she didn’t find him funny.  No one did that.  Only Maria laughed like that occasionally, when she wasn’t trying to hurt his feelings.  “I’m afraid I don’t understand.”
Steve sighed and leaned back on his arms.  “Don’t think I’m not aware of your . . . situation.  I might even have more information regarding it than yourself.”
The supersoldier serum had apparently affected Steve’s Y chromosome, so Peter would inherit many milder forms of Steve’s adaptations.  Excellent immune system, higher endurance, increased strength, increased flexibility and dexterity.  The small traces of serum would also enable Peter to survive
“I’ll always forgive you, Steve. Now, if adrenaline is what you like, you ain’t seen nothing yet . . . .”
collection,” Sam muttered as he snatched it, followed by pretty much everyone else making noises of agreement.
The sailors congregated, discussing amongst themselves which exotic animal they would buy with unlimited funds until the captain shouted for them to man the oars.
But having Peter make them run for their lives to catch him and wrestle until he made them stop with sloppy kisses, and having Maria sit in their laps and demand hugs and kisses and readings from automotive maintenance manuals, having Peter storm into their bedroom with Maria following behind and berating him for not knocking and them climbing in, snuggling into the safety of their fathers’ chests.  Having their teenage children be tied for first on the list of young scientists and inventors to watch yet would still get into arguments about who got Nutella and peanut butter on the kitchen counter and who would clean it up.
Steve closed the door and sat down on the roof, gesturing for Tony to join him.  Tony plopped down, scooting close and laying his head on Steve’s shoulder, relishing the feeling of warmth and solidarity.
As he looked up, discerning artist’s eye mixing with childish wonderment mixed with nostalgia, Tony had to catch his breath at the man he, um, liked.  Slept with.  Cuddled and did relationshipy things with.
Steve carries him inside, kicks the sliding door closed, and deposits Tony on a damask-covered ottoman, ever mindful to damaging the leather furniture. He takes a few afghans from the couch and wraps Tony up a little more firmly.
Sam’s mouth was a hard line, and Tony knew it was going to be difficult for all of them to forget it.  They’d all seen the destruction fire could cause, dedicated their lives to stopping it.  It wouldn’t be easy to sit back and let a known arsonist gallivant around.
There he left him; the object of all of his affections dozing peacefully was he walked away with a heavy heart and a hard-on.
Every year after that, Rhodey had extended Roberta’s invitation back, and without fail, Tony would decline.  Her diabetes got the best of her a couple of years before Tony’s captivity, and while he didn’t go to the funeral, he sent so many flowers that Rhodey later complained that his sense of smell was broken.
When Steve woke early the next morning from a very unrestful sleep, he got it into his head to make chicken noodle soup from his mother’s recipe.  Something that had always soothed him when he was young and bedridden, and was pretty cheap and stored well.  He took his time, boiling the chicken to make the broth from scratch, and finished it around noon, so he ladled out two bowls and placed them on a tray, and headed towards Tony’s room, leaving Clint to fish out the chicken chunks like he always did.
He takes his time to mull it over.  There’s no reason to rush.  If Steve really wants to see him, he’ll wait.
.  He gingerly removed the corks from the perfume bottles and sniffed.  One had the spicy-sweet scent of cinnamon and almond, the other a sharp waft of mint.  Corking the mint and placing it back in the box, he then dabbed the other perfumed oil on his wrists and behind his ears, and rubbed a bit into his beard.
“Bond with your daughter.  I’ll be back up soon.”  She patted Tony’s still overloaded arm once before blowing Clint a kiss and slipping down the stairs.
Carol recovers enough to slap him on the shoulder, right as he’s taking a bite. She wraps an arm around his neck and hangs off him limply as he hacks.  “You were just so
Tony can see the righteous indignation seep out, leaving only the empty mass of wounds that remain of the man who had died seventy-one years ago.  He lowers himself back onto the bench, it creaking and settling like old bones.
Steve just sat down and straightened his suit. “There’s nothing wrong with liking a Shirley Temple,” he said, almost primly, before snatching up a piece of pizza and shoving half of it in his mouth.
But that is one of the many wonderful things about the Avengers. They don’t need alcohol to throw a great party.
They crash together again, harsher, all that pain and longing manifest.  He feels Steve’s loneliness like it’s his own, saw the pain as tiny Bartons hung off their father, the anguish that comes from being the one who carries the dead bodies off the battlefield.  For all Captain America stands for life, Steve Rogers is surrounded by death.
didn’t whine, crawling into Steve’s lap.  “It’s taking place in some museum.  The exhibits will be closed to the public, but open to families of any reps going.”
Happy just sighed. “You’re good at hiding that hopeless romantic that lurks inside, but I ain’t buyin’ it.”
Natasha’s was next.  She demanded that the model on hers be given a less-revealing cat suit, but looked very touched by the colors.
Bruce smiled gratefully at her as she set the still-steeping Chi tea in front of him, and Steve set her tray next to the empty seat to Clint's left.  He put his on the end of the table and slid a chair from a nearby table over instead of pulling over another table.
“No, I always heard the arc reactor was a stepping stone for something greater.  It was gonna kick off an energy race that was gonna dwarf the arms race.  He was on to something big, something so big that it was gonna make the nuclear reactor look like a triple a battery.  You dad said you were the only one with the means and knowledge to finish what he started.”
He showered quickly, scrubbing the soot and sweat from his body, but there were burns where the heated metal had touched his skin. Remembering Steve’s advice, Tony dabbed lavender oil at the burns and bandaged them. Hopefully no one would notice.
Tony went through his checks, losing himself in testing every piece of equipment, donning the armor and doing stretches to insure maximum mobility. He was wrapping up his examination when the klaxon blared.
Cloth rustled, like Steve was balancing his phone between his shoulder and his cheek, and there was a faint cooing/gurgling in the foreground, the murmur of voices in the background.
All he feels is an overwhelming sense of calm as his eyes return to the dragon, still feigning sleep, apparently. “You communicate telepathically?”
, for chrissakes.  And his eyes, penciled in black and drown, with a coil of gold burning off the page.
Maria’s health would be a more pressing concern.  Without the serum, she would inherit many of Steve and Tony’s terrible health issues.  An underdeveloped myocardium and a poor coronary artery would leave her prone to heart attacks and other issues.  They would need to give her a pacemaker as a teenager.  She would also have an ineffectual immune system when she would be little.  But she had assured them that, with proper nutrition and the best medical care (things Steve had never gotten), she would be okay.
It had been so long since the people had experienced war that they confused Tony’s little quests with major victories.
As much as metal is his strength, so flesh is his weakness. Metal isn’t tempted to drown itself in pleasure. Metal has no memories that are in need of drowning. Metal doesn’t feel, doesn’t hurt, doesn’t cry.
The elevator opened with his usual soft ping, and Steve was already halfway down the hall.  The windows had returned to transparency, and Steve could see Tony slumped over on the floor by one of his work benches.
“I don’t wanna hear it, Steve,” Tony said harshly, curling in on himself.  “Just ‘cause you’re immune to certain biological urges doesn’t mean we all are.”
He had been to the country, but even the country was loud in ways.  Braying animals, cicada song, hooting owls, the rush of wind.  But visiting the country left him tired, and his only thought at night was rest.  This was to be his home, with the hot night wind and the distant beat of waves on the shore, the creak and groan of a tired race.  There was nothing going on to preoccupy him.  And in the blue light of the moon, Tony was left to ponder.
to be, right?  There was no way Steve could not be the offspring of a god.  Perhaps Thetis’ second son . . . ?  But no, Fury had mentioned his mother being a priestess of Asklepius.  Asklepius then?  She would not have been the first priestess to bear a child to the god she honored.  But no, it didn’t seem quite right.  Zeus was always a good default guess.  Steve certainly had the aura of power.  But still, something didn’t fit . . . .
People stared as the man carried Tony away, but no one tried to stop them. They had to fight against the press of the crowd to get away from people craning their necks to get a load of the wreckage. But the man obviously knew how to navigate a crowd, and a few minutes later Tony was laid out in the front seat of a 1945 Mustang, covered in the man’s jacket as he peeled away from the Speedway.
“Just be there for him,” Natasha had told him.  “He’s reeling.  Let him open up in his own time, and in his own way.  He’s not taking the transition as easily as you.”  Which hadn’t been easily at all.
It was spring, and he was hopeful.  The end was in sight.  The war was wrapping up.  The Nazis were crumbling, and Hydra was getting more and more desperate.  Soon he could go home, find his wife, and finally have the twins in his arms.
Steve did have a few administrative things to take care of before they left, and Bruce was called off to help with a houseful of people with bad fevers in town, so Tony joined Natasha and Redwing to idly watch Sam and Clint pummel each other in a few rounds of
“Tony.”  And Steve was smiling at him again, why did he keep smiling at him?  “I’m not asking you to jump into this without any forethought.  Just, being in a group of . . . equals, might be good for you.”
“I will have two children, but it’s not really something I’m comfortable talking about.  Is it less taboo to talk about them now or something?”
They had largely stopped their pursuit once he began to grow in his beard (helped no doubt by the ointment that Pepper had procured for him from one of the kitchen girls, who had a hidden alter devoted to Hekate that she smeared with pig’s blood and inscribed lead tablets with curses for a tiny lump of silver, who had promised he would grow thick bristles quick), but they still leered at him, hooded eyes over wine.
But all of his back story was difficult to reconcile with the teenager in front of him.  At ease as he moved away from Steve’s chair and sprawled onto the couch cushions, leg thrown carelessly over the arm.  Easy smile on his lips, eyebrows quirked in such a way that implied his tremendous intelligence.  But there were lines where there shouldn’t be, worry lines that Steve had never formed even growing up in the heart of the Depression.  He sounded so weary as he softly murmured:
Pepper and the others were preparing to leave, promising to bring Tony burgers and maybe cheesecake tomorrow.
But Steve is shaking his head, like he’s given up on trying to comprehend anything anymore. “So you’re a dragon.  Is there anything else you want to tell me?!”
There was the sticky, tacky feeling on his skin that went with vigorous sex, and the loose feeling in his ass implied he’d bottomed.  Strange.
of the dark, but knowing that if he opens his eyes he’ll be able to see helps him get his fitful sleep.
Tony snorts humorously.  “What, is that actually what you’re calling yourselves?  More uncreative than I thought.”  Steve frowns, but Tony plows on.  He reaches into the bag, pulling out a flat expanse of metal and plastic the size and shape of a standard notebook.  “Do you trust me?”
The man’s face twisted into a knowing smile.  “How about you leave your trunk to be brought up by someone else, and we walk back together?”
Maria released him, eyes still fiery.  “Think on that, my love.  Think on what that means.  Now you must go.  Kiss me before you leave.”
The party was pretty snazzy.  They had set up in a hall in one of the housing buildings for the telescopes, and some of Jane’s colleges had done some demonstrations and blasted astral projections across the ceiling.  The theme was, thankfully, cosmic, and there wasn’t a candle in sight.
There was concern in the man’s eyes. “You’re getting very pale. And it’s not because of the crash or the fire.”
“Oh, you’re evil.  You’re gonna kill me.  Anthony Edward Stark, age eighteen; cause of death, Captain America’s sex drive.”
Steve frowned. “You don’t have to go through so much trouble. I slept on camp beds or damp ground for years. I don’t need anything fancy.”
, long and narrow snout with flared nostrils and sharp teeth.  Not the lionish characteristics of the East, but there is some sort of small frill and long . . .
It was awful, to think that, with all his genius, he was still susceptible to not knowing what he needed until it was gone.
“Steve,” it was tearing him in two, but if it was Steve wanted, he didn’t care. “You can’t tell me about it, but from the little I have gotten, you did some top secret work for the military. It was good and necessary work, but for some reason, they don’t want you continuing it. Funding or something else?”
Tony snorts at Rhodey’s raised eyebrows.  “It’s not bumming.  C’mon.  I need you, buddy.  I need a left hand that I can rely on.  And you’re the only person I can trust to be that hand.”
Laura nearly had a fit over the assumption that anyone would be sleeping on an armchair or out on the collapsible cots in the Quinjet (or the hayloft as Clint suggested), and the idea they would not take advantage of her very generous hospitality.  The place had six bedrooms: one for the happy couple, one for Boy Child, one for Girl Child, one that was being painted for incoming Baby Barton 3.0, which left two guest rooms and a pull-out couch in the living room.  Fury had snapped up the pull-out, and as Laura was engineering Bruce and Nat into a bed together (obviously her knowledge of the team didn’t extend to knowing that sex would lead to the Big Guy making his presence known), that left Tony to share the smaller bedroom with Steve.  Lest he incur the wrath of the otherwise perfectly nice lady.
Steve could get behind that.  He hadn’t been without them for about twenty years (only counting time awake), and, well, they comforted him.  They were reassuring and helped him see through anger or grief.  He felt a constant stream of love from them, and he knew it would be worse for Tony.  He was so much more fragile, and the love of the twins was one of the only things that had kept him together for over thirty years.
Steve notices Stark seems to actively avoid eye contact.  Nothing new about that.  People in the twenty-first century are not fond of looking people in the eye.  Whenever he tries, an uneasiness seems to come over them.  (He wonders if the reason Fury is such an effective interrogator is because he’s not afraid of looking anyone in the,
They moved into a companionable silence, Tony dozing as Steve worked on placing a shadow of his friend on the newsprint.
“Greetings,” Clint pitched his voice lower and adopted an Athenian accent, “my name is Stephanos, but you can call me Steve because I fuckin’
Tony returned by grasping desperately at Steve’s biceps, forearms, the bases of his shoulder blades, clawing and gripping like this was a one-time thing, like Steve wouldn’t be perfectly happy staying exactly like this for the rest of his life.
He had begged, and she asked him if he wanted an Irish name.  He had nodded vigorously, hard enough to feel the bones jar in his skull.
misses his daughter.  I don’t know what is up with Clint’s family.  Sam’s fine.  Wanda is still shaken, but she’s recovering.”
Steve is decked out in his Cap suit, sans helmet. He appears vulnerable, shorn blond hair glinting in the bloody sunset, sky streaked with purples and oranges.  Frilly cirrus clouds magnify the colors, with a faint smattering of cumulus to add interest.  Tony has long since learned the optimum clouds to have when one is hoping to fly.  (No, Thor’s preferences don’t count unless they’re on their way to a fight.)  Clear skies are nice, but there’s no fun without obstacles.
Tony’s arms were aching by the time Natasha declared them finished.  Brushing by a clump of lavender, he impulsively ripped off the flower-crowned stalks and sat enjoying their fragrance while Natasha packed up her things.
homemade cocoa was.  Clint just sat on the counter, throwing cheese popcorn into the air for himself to catch with his mouth.  He never missed.
“So did!  Why we didn’t do it before is beyond me.  Look, look, look!” he forcefully shoved the box at Rhodey, and they all settled on the couches and chairs to look.
They pulled into the circle, and Happy stopped short in front of the main doors. Steve leapt out as soon as the car stopped, spinning around as he eagerly took in his surroundings, the new blue suit he’s had rush ordered for Steve pulling in at all the right places. Tony pulled at the door handle to join him, but found it locked.
He dumped his bag at the foot of the bed and crawled into his cocoon, suddenly assaulted by a sharp, slightly spicy scent.  It made him want to scrunch up his nose, but also made him feel . . . safe.
“Well, it’s impressive, I’ll give them that,” Tony huffed, striding down the sidewalk in the shade of twisted cherry trees, tiny ripe cherries crunching under his loafers.  He quickly snapped a picture of one of the tiny songbirds picking at the ragged remains around the pips and sent it to Clint with the caption “Found your replacement”.
to him.  Ugh, he was such a sensitive sap during puberty.)  Howard even had several sketches purportedly done by
“They get the color by adding some sort of gold product.  Gold, ruby glass . . . is it bad I was reminded of you?”
But knowing the realities of what Steve thought was also terrible, because Tony was selfish, and Steve had made it clear through action that if he felt he could be doing more good elsewhere, he would leave. No amount of fussing or cash would sway Steve from doing the right thing. And as much as Tony hated it, it was part of why he cared for Steve the way he did. Because Steve was true to himself, and didn’t bow for anyone.
When the doctors had asked Pepper about the medications Tony needed, she listed the standard cocktail for transplant victims, and said Tony needed sleeping pills occasionally.  They had asked if he needed Adderall, and Pepper had vehemently refused.  Steve was pleased.  That part of Tony didn’t need fixing.
Tony sealed the channel, and, making sure the nutrient-oxygen feed was attached, strapped it to his chest, and pulled Steve flush against his front.
“Cold feet. Cold feet!” The manic glint in Shapanka’s eyes went ablaze. “I wanted money, but here you are, giving he a million dollar solution for
“For what?”  Tony cackles slightly as he plops down across from him.  “Freezing him just prolongs it.  When he wakes up?  Everything will still be the same in his head.  It takes
Behind the counter were mirror-backed shelves filled with black-and-white photographs and a folded flag in a frame.  One of the most prominently displayed was one of Steve, in the ridiculous uniform he had worn during the USO tour.  He had the cowl off, and looked exceptionally uncomfortable as he posed with what looked like several railway officials, a couple of the Star-Spangled Singers sitting smirking around spoons in the booth behind them.
When he’d first premiered this armor, Rhodey nearly had a fit over the fact that Tony had opted for bracers instead of a shield (“How in the Hades do you expect to be a proper
Steve slept through the rest of the movie as Houston was able to squeeze the last few Amps out of the batteries and get the astronauts home.  Steve jolted a bit at the blast of noise that came with Odyssey’s safe arrival, but showed signs of drifting off again, so Tony had JARVIS cut the movie off.
alive. Good to at least see it with my own eyes. I’ve had the papers ringing me non-stop, asking if it was true that you were dead. At least now I have more proof than Happy’s word.” She turned her glare on Happy, who shrugged meekly.
Steve can figure out motives and desires in battle, can read an enemy’s playbook through their eyes.  He’s almost as good as Natasha in that respect, but when it leaves the cold world of calculation and enters the turbulent realm of emotion and heart, he’s still very lost.
Because Howard had never heard Tony’s voice.  When his mother went to his father so happy that she had stopped hearing Anthony’s voice, he had thrown a chair against the wall, thinking she had had an affair on him.  After it had been proven that she didn’t, their marriage was still over.  Howard had played no part in raising him.  Fate had known he’d be absent in his son’s life.  And insured it.
“What, JARVIS?”  Steve knew he probably sounded rude, but if JARVIS couldn’t understand Steve’s frustration, he really was beyond caring.
Later, when Tony’s panting and Steve’s got three fingers in his ass, and Tony’s doing as he always does, closing his eyes and burying his face in the pillow, Steve stops.  Tony whimpers, looks up to see those too-blue eyes staring defiantly at him.
Thor frowned.  “What do you mean by rations, Steven?  I have heard about ration books, but I have yet to understand.”
Steadily, the tenseness left Steve, and Tony could picture the slumped shoulders and defeated look on the man’s face.  Steve took a shaky breath and the sheets shifted as though he had pulled his knees up to his chest.
Tony can’t breathe still, but now it’s different, just physical, so he breaks away from Steve’s mouth to gasp.  Teeth, tongue, and lips remain in contact with his skin, suckling and biting along the sweaty lines of his throat.  There is sweat in his eyes, and it stings as he blinks, but he just groans “Right there” as Steve attaches himself to the rise behind his ear.
At sixteen, Tony had to drop out of university to take over his hated father’s company.  At sixteen, with the arc reactor embedded in his chest, Tony became Iron Man, the teenage nuclear deterrent.
The hall was odd, one wall completely glass, looking out on a street.  The other wall was structured like blocks.  There were people in strangely cut suits milling around.
It’s cold.  The couches are formed white leather, the fire is controlled by JARVIS, no, FRIDAY, JARVIS is Vision now, and barely acknowledged him.  Tony doesn’t blame him.  JARVIS more than anyone knew the dark parts of him.  To a lesser extent, Bruce.  And they’re both gone now.  And Tony has nothing left but an empty tower of steel and glass.
The block of ice containing Steve was already melting, so it only took some labored pushing to get him out of the office, sliding him across the carpet. The ice covering the doorway was only a thin sheet now, and all it took was a swift punch to shatter it.
But the hotness and potential sappiness, he could handle.  What he can’t handle is how Steve seems to be able to sense the threshold between “I’m in my genius groove” to “I’m neglecting my mental and physical health”.  He’s patient though, bringing Tony food, and moving him to a couch when he falls asleep over a lab table.  He can’t handle that Steve knows exactly when Tony’s had enough socializing, and lets him be as he wards off others from bothering him.  He can’t handle when Steve asks him “Are you okay?”, because he’s not asking “Have you eaten today?” or “Have you slept recently?” or “Is something bleeding?”  He’s asking “Are
“You don’t need t-to – “ The rest was lost as Tony unashamedly liked a hot stripe up the side, and despite the heat of the water and the steam and heat, that first touch of Tony’s tongue was like a brand to his dick.
Howard held up his hands for quiet, and the men respectfully allowed their cheering to die down.  “You have done very well, my son,” Howard proclaimed, venom dripping from his honeyed words, “and we should honor you for your dealing with this, ah, terrible threat.  We shall feast in your honor tonight.”
“Can’t finish it unless you let go,” Steve chuckled.  Tony pouted, but released him, and Steve began picking through the broth for the bay leaves.
When Steve and Bucky entered the room, Bruce was behind a curtain with a terrified massage technician, and the other three spread out it the fancy chairs they used for pedicures.  Natasha was sorting through a table of nail polish, Clint was eating the cucumbers from his face mask, and Tony was fussing with his phone while he got his toes done.
She ponders briefly, before launching into the truth. “Most everyone thinks you went looking for your birth parents.”
“It's his M.O., isn't it?  I mean, what are we, a team?  No, no, no.  We're a chemical mixture that makes chaos.  We're - we're a time-bomb.”
But when he looked up, Steve was shaking his head.  “I understand the urge, Tony, but that’s no way to go about this.  Howard still raised you . . . well, he had total authority on how you were raised.  You’re still his heir, and unless you want a succession crisis on Athens’ hands –“
Steve shook Tony’s offered hand, warm and dry with a strong grip, but his palm was oddly soft. “Steve Rogers. Well, technically Steven Grant, but I can’t see you caring. Former US Army.”
Tony continued. “Happy, you have been complaining the entire time. Not particularly cheerful. Steve, don’t worry about it.”
Steve was staring out in the direction of the sea, but somehow, he seemed to be staring to someplace much farther away.  “Sometimes I come up here to look at the stars.  Like I used to sneak up Mount Lykabettos.  There were higher mountains, but nowhere quite so secluded.”
“Tony, I’ve come to . . . an understanding, about us. I’ve been thinking. So much has happened between us, and we never have time to say it . . . but I apologize. Of how I act sometimes. I can’t say it’ll never happen again, but . . . you mean more to me than that.”
Easier said than done. In his head, Tony knows he has Steve’s unwavering support. Steve knows his struggles. Steve had
Tony sprinted across the deck boards and over to where Steve was leisurely hiking up a hill, at a relaxed pace but somehow taking more ground then Tony running. Steve turned for a moment, caught sight of Tony tripping and stumbling in his himation, and smirked as he sped up.
Pepper knows, but then again, she knows more about him than he knows about himself.  She puts up with his shit for ten years, only for him to wake up to what’s in front of him.  But he makes her CEO, and he gets distracted by his role as Iron Man, and it doesn’t work.  They’re both people prone to distraction, and what they both need is someone who can stay focused on what’s important.  They’re good together, but it’s no better than they had as friends.  They both need the same thing, which they’re kind of incapable of giving.
“This?  Well, we were tired from training one day, and Nat decided we should go on a field trip.  Ever heard of Corning?”  Tony shook his head.  “They’ve got this glass museum.  We did this workshop, made glass candy canes.  Fun afternoon.  Before Wanda melted a few pieces.”
.  It’s comfortable, in a way he never would have believed.  It’s something he refused to even believe in for so long, but it’s filling some empty space that always ached and he never understood why.
“Wine?” Natasha asked him, holding out a kylix.  Tony accepted it gratefully, noting the illustration of Herakles and Kerberus on the sides.  He took a sip.  It was good, for a rough country wine.  Sweet and slightly smoky.  He followed the example of the others taking platters to the couches and stopped when he saw the wall.
He wasn’t overly sensitive to sunlight, as the lie he told people said.  Sure, they helped cope a bit with his waking up with massive hangovers and
She sighed heavily, and pressed her cheek to the top of his head.  “Whatever is going on in your head, it’s probably wrong.  Stop,” she ordered.
Steve breathed deeply, trying to avoid crying or something else that would leave him embarrassed.  “Peter and Maria,” he said, trying to contain the giddiness welling up inside.
“Mm-hm,” Carol answers, patting his head as she shoves what looks like eight donut holes in her face.
“‘Monster Spray’?” Tony was about to start snorting when Girl Child appeared at Barton’s hip, pouting.  “
One of the beauties of the system was that the voices in your head were not necessarily your biological children.  People who’d never heard a voice and became pregnant either got an abortion or put the kid up for adoption.  People who found themselves unable to have kids quickly got themselves involved with the connection agencies to find their intended children.
“You’ve been very busy.  You made your PA your CEO, you’re givin’ away all your stuff, you let your friend fly away with your suit.  Now, if I didn’t know better-“
Five days without sex is not something most people would worry about.  Especially not single people.  And people in regular relationships?  Sex once a week is nothing to sneeze at.
“Clint has officially offered to suck my dick for new arrows,” Tony told Steve as he tucked his phone back into his belt.
“This is why I hate them,” Rhodey groused as he turned down the short access road that led to the chain link fence that guarded the base of the 1500 foot tower and the two-story service building.  The fence was guarded by key card access, but Rhodey just rolled down the window and waved a short-wave RF scrambler in front of the pad.  A siren buzzed, and the fence began to roll back, adding the jangle of the metal to the din of the warning siren.
He opened the projection screens, revealing the files on the candidates for the Avenger Initiative.  Himself.  Dr. Banner / Mr. Hulk.  The three-thousand year-old Norse god, who must be god of man ponytails.  And a new file for the newly-thawed Captain America.  Hello, daddy issues, thy name is Tony Stark.
Pepper hurried in while Tony was still reeling.  “Thratta will be put on the market in the morning.  But more importantly, Tony, your father wants to meet with you.”
Magdalena wasn’t even on the list of “Places to Take Steve to Show Him How Much You Love Him”, but it wasn’t just for shits and giggles that they were going.  Thor Odinson, forensic specialist in arson and close friend to Crew 91, was getting married to his astrophysicist sweetheart, Jane.  (They had met, Tony learned, when a fire had broken out at one of the many research facilities littered around Magdalena.  Thor had shown up, said “I specialize in arson – “ and Jane had slapped him before he could even show his badge.   And now they were getting married before their baby was due in March.)  The two of them were “sickeningly” in love (according to Clint).
