“But then winter came. You began to eat more, and the more you ate, the more it took to fill you. Poor Mrs. Hudson has had to make twice the number of sweets she did last year. You didn’t even notice, did you?” I shook my head. “You didn’t notice yesterday afternoon when your fat began to poke out between your straining buttons? I stared at you while you ran your chubby hand up and down the mound of flesh. You only stopped even once in a while to shove another pastry past those plump lips.” He kissed be again, hard. I felt my lips swelling as I kissed him back.
“No wonder they call them loves handles,” Holmes whispered, pulling me back to the here and now.  He squeezed my side, the fat poking out from between his thin fingers. “This is exactly what I want to grab when I sink into you.” I shuddered, a wave of pleasure washing over me. “Your even bigger than I thought.” He slipped from his place atop me and knelt between my knees. His lips were warm as he began to suck at one of those same love handles. I pushed myself up on my elbows. My gut pushed out even more in this position. Holmes’s eyes that had been half closed snapped open. His thumb slipped into my navel and the rest of his fingers curled around the soft place where my belly overlapped my belt. A gentle shake set waves of flesh across my belly.
“Neither did you.” He bowed over me. His fat fingers fumbled with the buttons of my shirt. He yanked the collar of my shirt to the side and began licking my collar bone. I moaned and arched into him. My hands fell to his waist. I lifted his fat belly with one hand as I tried to unbutton his pants.
Leaning back in my chair, I let my blubber push its way out of my pants, and poke out from under the bottom of my shirt. I placed a chubby hand on the swell of flesh. If felt soft and warm under my hand. It was pleasant.
“Do you promise, Holmes?” Watson asked, mock offense in his voice. “I don’t want a repeat of what happened in Aberdeen.”
“I trust you,” he whispered. “Holmes, please use me. Take your pleasure from me. In anyway you want.”  My heart stuck in my throat.
“Because you look so happy,” I told him. I reached out and nudged the box closer to him. “I like seeing you happy. Indulge me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“They come out at night,” I said, closing my eyes. I had to open them almost as soon as I had closed them. The image of Watson jiggling and wobbling as he struggled to get his swimming costume on had danced across the back of my eyelids. My damnable imagination why was it doing this to me now?
“And I you,” I whispered, pulling him into a kiss.
“Does it look like I need extra sweets?” I turned back to Watson in time to see him patting his belly. It sent shivers of blubber across his middle.
“Good to know,” I said, shifting in my chair, trying to hide my erection. “Thank you, Watson, that was very helpful.”
“My mind is clear,” he whispered. “But all I can think of is you.”
“Yes,” he whispered. “Almost as much as I want you.” I pushed myself up to a sitting position. Watson’s belly pushed against my chest. I pressed into it, as I leaned in and pressed my lips to Watson’s. He didn’t hesitate, before kissing back. His mouth tasted like buttercream cookies and brown sugar. I moaned, opening my mouth to let his tongue inside.
And so that morning, I started my plan.
“Watson,” I moaned. He pulled back the tiniest bit. We were no longer kissing but I could feel his open-mouthed pants.
“A snack,” Watson repeated. I opened my mouth to remind him that we’d just had lunch before he’d gone out, ant the Mrs. Hutson was probably working on supper as we spoke.
“Pleasure clouds the mind.” His fingers sunk deeper into my flesh. I laughed, my belly jiggling against his hands. He made a sound deep in his throat and closed his eyes.
“God Watson.” I jumped in my chair, making the woken chair beneath me creek ominously. Holmes stood in my open doorway; eyes boring into me. The knuckles of his bony fingers had gone white with the strain. His face was red enough to make me worry for his health. “Watson,” he breathed. “How am I supposed to control myself?”
“Just tea around three in the afternoon, when Watson gets home.” I thanked her and then hurried up to my study.
“You are the beautiful one.” I leaned in and gave him a peck on the mouth. “Climb onto the bed Watson. Let me show you what I want.” I watched as he jiggled as he climbed to his feet. I stood and followed his waddling gate towards the bed. His ass was very plump, as was the fat roll that rested above it.  The bed creaked under Watson’s weight as he settled on the mattress. I climbed on top of him, not on his hips, but his belly. My thighs pressed into his soft flesh. “Tell me again,” I whispered. “What do you want me to do?”
“It’s almost midnight,” Watson said, turning his head to look at the clock on the mantlepiece. “Can this wait until morning.” I pushed myself to my feat and grabbed my coat.
“You feel heavenly,” He whispered, grabbing as much of my blubber as he could hold.
I was so afraid to say anything. Afraid even the wrong moment might send him away from me forever. I pulled his hands to either side of my belly. His fingers sunk into the soft rolls of my sides. A moan spilled from his mouth.
“That was very sweet,” Watson said, as he swallowed. I forced my eyes open as he grabbed the torrone. This time I forced my eyes to stay open. I did have to cross my legs to hide my arousal. But Watson seemed oblivious. “I don’t think that it is sweet enough, but it is very good.” I watched silently as he indulged in the baklava and then the lemon honey tarts. He enjoyed the honey peach pie, but not the toffee. At last, he licked his fingers after finishing the strufoli. His belly looked swollen in his undershirt, sticking out like the prow of a ship. “I think only the honey cake would be sweet enough to mask a bitter flavor, and that is only because of the frosting.”
“I’ve always been stout,” he gasped. “I knew I was going to get fat if I kept eating like I was, but I didn’t care.” I ran my tongue up the under side of his cock. “And I didn’t mind having a bit of a belly. It made me look like a gentleman. Then it didn’t stop. I didn’t stop eating.” I drooled as I sucked him. My fingers pressed against his fat pad. Indeed, just as I thought, there was more of his cock buried under his fat. “I ate every good food I could find until my belly stuck out in front of me like the mast of a ship. It felt so good to eat whatever I wanted. Being fat didn’t seem like much of a price to pay. Oh God Holmes.” I didn’t pull back. He spilled down my throat, and I sucked down every drop.
I heard Watson’s heavy footsteps on the stairs. When he rounded the corner, I saw he was holding a plate full of chocolate-chip biscuits.  He sat the plate on the table between our chairs. He settled down and began to read his newspaper. Every few seconds he would dip a hand down and pick up one of the treats. I watched in utter fascination as he devoured the whole plate. When he was done, he rested a hand on his full belly. Another question skittered across my mind. Was Watson trying to get fatter? I needed more data before I could make any assumptions.
“I haven’t the faintest idea,” I said, watching my friend lean back in his chair with the newspaper. It wasn’t just his belly that had gotten softer, but his pectorals too. They looked like two small breasts, pressing against his undershirt. I was wondering how soft they were when a soft knock came on the study door. I sprang to my feet, and pulled it open. A backet full of all the treats I’d asked for sat on the carpet. I grabbed the basket, closed the door, and turned back to my friend.
Now, the thought had occurred to me to simply ask Watson if he enjoyed being portly.  I rejected the though immediately. As honest as Watson usually was, I had the feeling this particular question might embarrassing him into lying, just to save face. However, that was not the only reason. The very idea of those words tumbling from my lips made my neck feel hot and my breath catch in my chest. As hard as it was for me to be impartial about anything concerning Watson, I still had to try. I was a scientist, and a man of reason. I had to act as such.
“I always look well feed.”
“That’s not true, it just doesn’t happen very often. It isn’t everyday you encounter men of your size, or larger, who are willing to commit crimes against naturel.” The word larger bounced around my head like a billiard ball that had been hit too hard. “So, the answer is obvious. You must lose this weight or I must move out until you do.” The words were clearly painful for him to say. “That’s the only way I’ll be able to keep my head on straight. I’m sorry, I know it isn’t fair…none of this is fair.” I became aware that I was still holding his hands My brain might not be as fast as my friend’s, but my heart had always been clear about what it wanted from Holmes.
“There,” Holmes said, as the last button of waistcoat came free. His fingers tore at the laces of my shirt, tugging at the cotton until I was naked from the waist up. I looked up at him. His normally pale face was flushed red with passion. I rocked myself forward and back, making my belly slapped against him. His eyes rolled back so I could see the whites. His lips parted and his chest heaved.
By the end of the fourth week, I wondered if there was something more to Holmes erratic behavior than restlessness. That morning I had struggled to button my loosest of pants, and had to spent and hour writing to my tailor asking for a new set of trousers. I had been mindlessly eating the breakfast that Mrs. Hudson had left, when I felt the button start to go. I swallowed the pastry that had been in my mouth and glanced down. The button broke. Snapped in half. As a corpulent man I had had my fair share of popped buttons, but I had never had one break before. I should have gone with metal button and not just the cheapest that I could afford.
It was the hottest summer I could remember. Every window in Baker Street was thrown open, hoping to get a hint of a breeze.
“You never showed an interest in men,” I said. “Even if you did, why would you want me?”
“More like indulge my weight,” Watson said, but he picked up the last donut and began to eat. My face felt like it was on fire. I slid from the chair, kneeling before him. I didn’t look up. I didn’t want to see the confusion.  I gathered the hem of his under shirt in my teeth, drawing it upwards. When I looked down several inches of soft pale skin were exposed. I pressed my lip against him blubber and kissed. Above me I heard him moan. I opened my mouth a little more and began to lap at the succulent flesh.
I scooted over, letting him recline on the bed, before I swung my leg over his hips. I tried to go slow, but he grabbed my hips, pulling me down until my fell weight was on him. My belly spilled onto him. Holmes moaned and bucked beneath me.
John slips through the alleys, hugging the walls. He knows Sherlock will be somewhere he can see the warehouse entrance. That is, if he hasn’t climbed inside to wait. After several minutes of creeping through the shadows John finds himself facing the warehouse with another set of buildings on his left and a steep embankment leading to the river on his right.
There is, however, a new rose on the table and coffee in the pot.
7 February 13:19
What does Sherlock mean by 'social experiment'? As far as John knows, roses symbolize two things: sympathy and romance. Did someone die? No, that can’t be it. People are always dying of course, but the only ones they’ve heard of recently are lying in the morgue and Sherlock would be over the moon about interesting bodies, not buying flowers for them.
you’re thinking,” Sherlock continued, “It’s maddening.”
“Ah, Watson,” he said as I joined them, “You’re just in time. This young woman was just getting me caught up on the news.”
Sherlock ignored her and flipped through the police reports on the table. He was still upset that he hadn't been able to do the interviews himself and had agreed to let her drive them back to New Scotland Yard only because she'd threatened to kick him off the case if he refused.
Lestrade ignores him and continues, “We did take a look at Prescott. Like you said he has a kid from a previous marriage. He was falling behind on child support payments until a month ago when he made an unusually large deposit and wrote a cheque to cover the back payments.”
John grits his teeth against the pain but feels his heart fill with warmth as Sherlock wraps him in trembling arms and helps him lay back.
John blushed, glad the lights were out and that Sherlock was staying on his side of the bed unlike the last time they’d found themselves in this situation.
“That sounds like fun,” said Greg. He smiled, remembering the photo Donovan had sent him of John leading Sherlock around the rink. “I heard your Daddy’s a good teacher.”
At this, the corners of Sherlock’s mouth twitch upward into a faint smile and he grabs his laptop from the desk before disappearing into his room. When he emerges fully clothed an hour later his icy demeanor has melted away and soon he’s dragging John along to Brixton to investigate an apiary. They find themselves racing through the back alleys of London and end up flashing Lestrade’s badge to get answers from a reluctant business owner.
“Sherlock?”
Rosie shrugged and turned back to her crayons.
It looks like a straightforward double suicide and John begins to wonder why they’re here in the first place when Lestrade receives a phone call confirming that the couple, whose identification lists them as Howard and Alexandra Garrideb, don’t exist.
“Apparently I was at the clinic that day and you decided it would be a good idea to take Rosie along on the investigation,” John said, “I meant to ask you about that.”
“Yes, but I only did that once.”
“Did you remember something new?”
Sherlock stumbles across a murder scene while on an outing with Rosie. The way he handles it surprises both him and John.
“I know you’re not good with symbols, John, but surely even you can deduce what this means.”
“I think it was something to do with being hidden. Like our secrets were safe, as if everything said under those branches would stay there. It’s the lights too, I think. You stare at them long enough and everything else fades away and you begin to believe that anything is possible.”
Sherlock didn’t respond immediately but Greg saw the look on his face as he took Rosie’s hand and started leading her back the way they'd come.
“I wish we could stay here forever,” he said.
“You should write a list anyway,” she said after another minute, “Maybe Santa will bring you something after all. I promise I won’t look if it’s a secret.”
Surely though, Sherlock must know that John is here to stay. Then, as he drifts off into an uneasy sleep, a glimmer of hope flickers in his chest - Sherlock wants him here. Not just for now. Forever. And John promises himself that he will always be there.
“Come down here,” he said, patting the ground beside him.
To provide a little context for this chapter, here are some
Sherlock rolled his eyes, then turned and strode out the front door without a backwards glance. It was a mark of how common this occurrence was that Evans turned to John instead of calling for the guard to stop him.
John’s mind is only half on the case. Even though they know now that it’s not a love suicide, he can’t help but wonder what could drive people to their death once they’d found someone to live for. Maybe if one of them was facing unavoidable death they might decide to face it together. After all, he’d been prepared to die with Sherlock many times over. Not that they’re...lovers. He glances at Sherlock, expecting to see his eyes closed, long, thin fingers tented below his chin, but instead Sherlock is gazing unseeing at the streets of London blurring past the window, apparently lost in his own thoughts.
The photo was a perfect embodiment of their little family, not posed with awkward smiles like the ones he’d gotten when his nieces and nephews were young.
She smiled at him as a cab pulled up beside them.
“The one with the little people who spent three movies walking to throw a ring into a volcano.”
Sherlock slowly raises his head and stares at John, drinking in the sight of him, memorizing the exact color of his eyes in the dim light from the streetlamps below, the swoop of his hair, the way he bites his lip as he thinks, the fraying hem of the old shirt he wears to bed.
Again, he heard himself speak before he’d made up his mind to do so.
7 February 14:21
John’s mind flashed to the collection of pickpocketed badges Sherlock kept in his desk drawer.
Annoyed, Sherlock tossed the box aside and flung himself down on the couch. He’d hoped John would be around to bounce ideas off of but he’d been upstairs with Rosie since Sherlock returned. Something about writing a letter to Santa. If he concentrated he could hear her laughter and John’s soft voice. Sherlock let his eyes slide closed and he let himself imagine, not for the first time, that this little family was all that mattered in the world.
John sighed. “Fine, text me the list.”
Sherlock reached down to grab the plastic bag of his belongings still clutched in John’s right hand, slid his mobile out and began scrolling through the messages before handing the bag and the rest of its contents back to John.
Holmes raised an eyebrow. “Why come to me and not the police?”
“Late?” John cracks an eye open and sees the still-dark sky outside the window, “Sherlock, I haven’t slept properly in days. Can’t it wait til morning?”
“It’s beautiful,” Sherlock murmurs.
“Look,” he said, running a hand through his hair, “I’m sorry. I’m just…It’s been a long day. Let’s just try to get some sleep.”
-----
After the first five stairs we were plunged into complete darkness and I held tight to the sleeve of my friend’s cloak so we would not get separated. In this manner we groped our way down the corridor, each of us keeping one hand upon the wall. I was just about to say I hoped there would not be any passageways to choose from when we reached the end of the tunnel.
He just wanted to have a quiet night out to watch the game. Never a boring day when the dynamic chaos duo was involved, apparently.
He reached out and closed a comfortable hand around John’s skull, scratching softly at the skin of his friend’s scalp.
Greg closed his mouth and counted the beats of his own heart quietly. John was
John eyed the floor and pulled at his shirt, subconsciously covering his mid-section although he hadn’t even taken his trousers off.
And of course, Sherlock. Sherlock was, without a doubt, the best thing about all of this.
“In my bed?”
with this, it was blatantly obvious from the way his posture suddenly sagged in on itself. Greg could only imagine how it must feel to trust somebody else with this part of one’s own personality. It wasn’t like Greg cared either way if John sometimes had bathroom troubles or not, but he knew that John cared about what other people thought of him, an awfully lot. John Watson was at his core a very proud person and admitting having problems with bladder control must feel like admitting defeat. Sherlock had told him that John had developed a down-right fear of being perceived as baby-ish. And the thing with the pull-ups was undoubtedly feeding into that fear.
“I don’t want to worry anymore, Sherlock…
Not even when little. Not even when hurt. Not even when heart-broken.
. Looking at John touched a sore nerve within Sherlock; it arose the desire within him to care for John like he deserved to be cared for; to cherish him, to make sure he was well and happy and content.
While John gave him the silent treatment, Sherlock went online to do some research about the foreign feelings he had been harboring while taking care of his friend that night. What he found was a lot of disturbing things he wanted to
They parted mere inches for air- John’s shuddering breath washing in warm, wet waves over Sherlock’s lips. The battle of headspaces was momentarily laid to rest.
John flushed and looked at his bear. What, he wondered, was Greg thinking? Was he listening to them? Was he thinking it strange that John was so shy and Sherlock was praising him for doing so little? Was he
“Well, he’s being impossible.”
“Oh please, they’re in an album somewhere. I’m sure my mother would be happy to show you, but it’s not that exciting. I was adorable, Mycroft was fat. The photographer made us stand in the same position while he took an unnecessary number of photos that all looked the same.”
Greg considered the idea for a minute.
If anyone had told him when he met Sherlock Holmes that the man would someday be a proud parent sending holiday cards he would have either laughed or given them a drug test. But after seeing the way Sherlock had changed after meeting John, then again when John and Rosie moved back to Baker Street, it seemed the most natural thing in the world.
“So why didn’t we just meet there?”
“I - I’m sure we could have spared a few shillings for her,” I stammered, opening and closing the pouch to give myself something to focus on.
“What’s the big deal?” Sherlock asks, “We have a warrant.”
“How did you get these anyway?” he asked, “No one else had seats reserved.
Sherlock somehow deduced that the man was a locksmith and the woman was a real estate agent. Neither were reported missing so we had to sift through records of all the locksmiths and real estate agents in London. Not an easy task, nor a very exciting one. Needless to say Scotland Yard was not pleased. DI xxxxxxxx allowed us to stay and help even though Sherlock almost got arrested five times for throwing away evidence reports he deemed irrelevant or just being himself in a room full of police officers. He refused to leave so we ended up sleeping there. Or rather, I crashed on a couch for a couple of hours while he kept at it all night.
Sherlock shook his head.
“Does this car start by magic?” Sherlock’s hands form loose fists and he flicks his fingers open in little starbursts. “Bit ironic for a locksmith to be missing his key. Where did it go? Did the idiots take it?”
“So you think the jury will find him guilty of indecency?”
“I suppose,” he said after several minutes, “I could try doing something that even the me in your mind would never do. Would that convince you?”
“Sherlock, I’m fine!” says John as Lestrade wrestles Sherlock away from Winter.
Annnddd they've made it! Just in time for January 29th ;) Don't worry, this is not the end of the story. I'm shooting for updates every couple of weeks, depending on what my real life has in store for me.
“I am Sherlock Holmes and this is my partner, Doctor Watson. Don’t be alarmed, we simply wish to talk.”
“Why not?”
John makes his way up the stairs. Sherlock had just wrapped up a case the day before and said he wanted a date night to celebrate. He’d sent John down to talk to Lestrade in his place while he got things ready but offered no hints about what the night would entail other than saying he wanted it to be ‘special’.
The Superintendent gave him an appraising look.
“Did you mean it?”
I had just sent word to my wife not to expect me home that night when Holmes returned, flushed with excitement, smudges of dirt on the knees of his trousers. He greeted me, ducked into the bedroom and emerged again moments later dressed in fresh clothes with his hair hastily smoothed into place.
“She didn’t think it was suspicious?” John asks, frowning at the amount and wondering what the bank must have thought about a woman showing up with a case full of cash to deposit.
“There you have it, Watson,” he said with an attempt at his logical tone, though I thought (or perhaps hoped) that I heard a slight quaver in his voice and saw a faint blush on his cheeks as he turned away.
Don’t know if anyone caught the hint I tried to sneak in but John was totally wearing his “date shoes” (see ASiB) and Sherlock definitely noticed. And Orion is seriously the only constellation I can find easily so I figured it would be a good starting point for Sherlock if he's learning about stars because John says it's important.
Yes. Thank you.
“Oh,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes, “sex.”
Chapter 7: "Christmas Cards", In which Mrs. Hudson convinces her boys to take a family photo for the holidays.
Sherlock reaches around him to adjust one of the dials. “Look closer.”
“You can’t promise that,” Sherlock says and drops his gaze to their hands.
He reaches out and adds the red rose to the end of the row then turns to face Sherlock.
“Maybe one more time around?”
“Why on earth would I do that?” he’d asked before brushing a stray pine needle from Sherlock’s hair.
John raised an eyebrow. “Her
As this continues, John tries to set aside his long-ignored feelings for Sherlock. He reminds himself that this is only temporary and tries to convince himself that even if this is the most that ever happens between them, it will be enough. It’s not, of course. It will never be enough but part of him feels that even this is more than he deserves after all the times he’s pushed Sherlock away. But each night when Sherlock curls up next to him, he finds it harder and harder to keep from imagining the two of them staying like this forever.
"Come back to bed John, I'm still bored." John choked on his breath, his cheeks burning at the thought of being with Sherlock sexually while his parents were waiting for them.
John released his hair and started tugging urgently at his trousers, pulling them open and slipping them down as far down as they would go.
John’s guidebook was old, not like the new digital ones most of his comrades used. His had been passed down through his family tree, hand drawn maps and diagrams, showing just how much humans had discovered throughout the centuries. He gingerly flipped through the pages, unable to resist the urge to read the notes and stories his ancestors had written.
There should have been a flash of panic, cold terror washing over him, but instead, as he looked into the dead eyes of his captor, all he felt was emptiness. He grinned at the man before him, knowing how horrific he must look. He could feel the blood and torn skin pulling as he grinned.
"Christ, I've missed you." John's voice was soft and slightly pained and suddenly, Sherlock felt the stress of competing and being without John land on his shoulders and he let the tears fall. He dropped his head against his boyfriend's shoulder and clung to him, softly crying into his jumper. "Hey, what's wrong babe? What happened?" Sherlock sniffled, pulling back slightly and kissing John again, softer this time.
“Sorry to interrupt this little eye fucking session, but I have to get John ready for the actual fucking session.” John blushed this time as he remembered why exactly he was here, talking to Sherlock Holmes. “John, I need you in the chair.” He nodded and forced himself to return to his seat. “Shirt off please.”
“There is.”
“Damn it. Greg!” He called for the Candelabra. Greg wasn’t medically trained, but he knew enough about first aid to be useful.
Great! I gtg, have to charge my phone and finish some chores. Ttyl – JW
"You were pumped full of drugs, beaten, and thrown out of a moving car," Sherlock stated, resting his chin on the tips of his steepled fingers, "what does that sound like to you?" The faked emotions faded instantly at the mention of what had happened, leaving behind an emptiness that startled Sherlock. "John-"
"J-John- John please-" The older boy started moving his hips faster, the angle of his thrusts changing just enough to ensure he hit Sherlock's prostate with every action.
“So, what does that make us?” John hadn’t meant to ask, but he couldn’t help the words as they spilled from his lips. Sherlock propped himself up on his elbow, looking down at John with a near blank expression on his face. It wasn’t the same blank expression that he kept on while filming though, this one made him look younger and almost painfully uncertain.
“I killed the wolves. He will make it back to town fine.”
"Come on, I know you have at least some semblance of a brain in there-"
“Damn it John!” Sherlock shouted, slamming his fist against the wall next to John’s head before spinning away, clutching and tugging at his curls. “You aren’t making me say anything! Don’t you see? I. Love. You.” He stepped closer to John again, taking his face in his hands and punctuated his words with kisses.
John wanted to be with Sherlock, he wanted to date him and be seen in public with him. He wanted to get to know everything about Sherlock, had even been aroused by the sound that had escaped him moments before.
“Yes, I fired him only hours before-” Mycroft hesitated, seemingly unsure as to how to continue. John nodded, turning to watch the fire that crackled in front of him. He fought back an overwhelming wave of sadness. “If Moriarty did something to Sherlock, he won’t go back there. He will get lost on the trail and you won’t find him this time.”
"John, it's okay-"
"John-" the Rugby player groaned and dropped his head against Sherlock's shoulder, his fingers tight against Sherlock's hips.
Tell them though I don't believe in luck, thanks for the sentiment – SH
"Yeah, that was pretty cool Bug." John glanced at Harry's partner, offering the boy a shy smile. "I-I'm John, by the way." He offered his hand to the boy, who blushed slightly before taking his hand in a firm grip.
I know you're going on soon, just wanted to say I miss you, and I know you're going to do amazing! – JW
"No! Either you kill me now or you let me sail away."
“Five minutes!” The man looked irritated, but left. Sherlock gave a self-satisfied smile at the now-closed door before turning around, stepping closer to John and waving Molly aside. He spun John’s chair around, leaning down until he was inches away from John’s face.
“My Great-Great Grandfather drew this one. It’s the spot where he met his wife. Claimed it was the most romantic spot in the universe, and that meeting her, amongst those stars, had given him a reason to live. I used to look at it when I was struggling as a teen, and while in the army.” He smiled timidly and shrugged, fighting the blush that rose at Sherlock’s perplexed gaze. “Sentiment, I guess.” Sherlock smiled and placed the book in front of him, kneeling before it and furrowing his brow in concentration.
The voice filled the flat and startled Sherlock. He collapsed to the floor, looking around helplessly as he tried to find the source of the voice.
“My little brother died just outside the gates of the Palace.” Rage flooded through Mike and he felt his hands start to shake.
The only thing throwing John off was the massive purple bruise forming across the side of his face.
“It appears I owe my brother a debt of gratitude.”
“You couldn’t kill me John. You don’t have it-”
“Do you want me to come?”
You want to have dinner? With me? – M
Now what? - GL
“I-I miss you.” John smiled softly at the ghost, feeling his heart swell at the sentiment.
"J-John- people are watching-"
“I’ll message you when the sample finishes processing.” Mike stated before he left, clapping John and Sherlock on the back before hurrying off to the lab.
"The boy who has it is in danger and I need to find him. He needs medical attention and protection-"
"J-John?" Sherlock wrapped his arms around his boyfriend, burying his face against John's neck and sighing.
“You know I can’t do that Sherlock! I didn’t take him. Fate did.”
Realization hit John like a wall of stone.
“You don’t.” Geoff pushed himself to his feet, reaching down and offering his hand to Sherlock. “I do.” Sherlock solidified his hand and allowed himself to be pulled to his feet.
John stopped his words with another kiss, pressing Sherlock back against the mirror.
“Hello!” a familiar, sing-song voice broke through Sherlock’s thoughts, sending panic lancing through his chest.
"You look lost." Sherlock started at the voice that had appeared at his side, cursing himself for getting distracted. He sent a glare at the new-comer, his mind screeching to a stop as his eyes met steel ones. "Something wrong Gorgeous?"
I miss you <3 – JW
“Sherlock?” He knelt beside his friend, automatically checking his vitals and pulling off the blood-soaked bandages. “Oh God, Sherlock. Stay with me.” He grabbed the too-thin man in his arms, carrying him down the tower.
Sherlock studied the boy as he began fighting with the cuffs that were keeping him pinned to the bed.
As Harry's partner sprung out of their original position, and John felt his jaw drop open in shock. Harry was dancing with a boy, a tall, thin boy that John recognized from his class.
"Why are you sorry? I'm the one that planned a boring date."
“Sherlock!” He could hear Moriarty cackling above him and felt his body fill with a white-hot rage. He forced his way up the roof, a vicious snarl ripping through his chest. He pulled himself up in front of Moriarty, knocking the gun from the man’s hand and gripping the front of his shirt.
“Sherlock, you’re delirious. My name’s Victor. Now, please, let me help you-”
“That person also has to love him back.” Sherlock felt as though he had been hit in the chest.
He cried out John's name as he tipped over the edge, feeling his husband moan around him as he spilled down his throat. He floated in the aftermath of his orgasm for a while, coming down to hear the ragged breaths of his blogger at his feet. He looked down to see John resting his head against Sherlock's knee, obviously just coming down off his own orgasm.
"Victor, I-I can't talk right now-"
"Excellent! Have you taken care of the crew?"
“How many nights does it keep you awake? The memories of his hands on you? Beating you? Touching you?”
“Goodbye John.”
"I don't want to hurt you." John whispered, his voice so soft and unsure it made Sherlock's heart swell. He leaned in again, this time John let him, and kissed his boyfriend, soft and sweet.
Sherlock dropped his coat and closed the distance between him and John, pressing a firm kiss to the shorter man's lips. John let out a soft sound and gripped Sherlock's hips tightly, pulling him closer and deepening the kiss.
He didn't want to hurt Sherlock, but something told him that there was no avoiding the pain that was looming on the horizon.
"Greg's doesn't understand us."
They stopped outside of a large set of doors, where Sherlock was spun around, allowing The Beast to back through the doors.
"Hmm, later."
“Do you remember Victor?” Sherlock’s ghost nodded, chewing on his lip. Victor was not a pleasant memory. “His father threatened us, made us promise to leave Vic if we wanted him to stay safe. Needless to say, we didn’t take it very well.”
Sherlock glanced around, hoping to find Mycroft and Geoffrey somewhere amongst the crowd, but the pair was nowhere to be seen.
"Biromantic and heterosexual."
Sherlock jumped when he heard a soft knocking at the door, looking around for something to throw. The door swung open to reveal a young man, sitting in a wheelchair that was being pushed by Gavin.
“Technically yes, but I refuse to do so. There are conditions to my powers.” John nodded, turning his attention back to Greg’s hand. He worked in silence for a while, just trying to focus on helping his friends. “Why did you cut yourselves? You only needed your blood, it would have been easier to just draw it ahead of time.” John froze, feeling a flash of frustration.
“John!” He tried running forward, but tripped over his own feet and stumbled, nearly falling. John shot forward, catching the pile of limbs before he could hit the floor.
"Sherlock-"
“Father.” His voice held a warning that sent a terrifying chill down John’s spine. “That is enough.”
"-assailant would have been approximately s-six feet tall-"
His words died on his tongue when his eyes met kind, steel blue ones.
When John finally dropped Sherlock off at his home, it was nearly one O'clock in the morning, and the younger boy looked as though he was going to pass out in the passenger's seat.
“I know Mike, and I’m sorry.”
But you hate Rugby – JW
"There are about twenty-thousand known species, in seven different biological families." John rubbed a hand over his mouth, his face still a mask of awe.
John started moving, small thrusts of his hips that sent a sense of discomfort through Sherlock's body. He loved being this connected to his boyfriend, but there was minimal stimulation and it just felt awkward.
“John, John please. Don’t- don’t leave. I-I’m sorry. God, I’m so sorry.” Sherlock was mumbling against John’s lips, tears slipping from the corners of his own eyes and he begged for John to stay. “I lo-”
He reached for Sherlock, disbelief flooding his veins. His chest was burning now, the fire spreading over his body as he touched Sherlock’s skin.
"Fuck- so gorgeous Love-" John whispered, kissing Sherlock deeply, catching a loud moan that nearly fell as he pressed against his prostate roughly.
“Why are you here Mycroft? Fighting with Geoff again?”
He pulled out his Star Guide, taking a seat on the end of the boat and hanging one of his feet off the edge, trying to figure out where he was. The last of the three suns had finished setting, and the brighter stars were making themselves known in the inky blackness.
Sherlock kept moving inside him, growling possessive words in his ear until he too came, spilling deep within John’s body. The human couldn’t fight a chill when he felt Sherlock’s seed empty within him. It wasn’t warm like a human’s, but cold. He almost questioned it, but a voice in the back of his mind reminded him that Siren’s were cold-blooded. Instead, he clung to Sherlock’s shoulders, willing his body to stop shaking and his mind to return.
“Sherlock!” He shouted, stepping towards the angry young man. Sherlock froze, spinning to find John. He saw him and grinned, a bright smile that looked out-of-place on his pale, lifeless face.
Sherlock reached for his bedside drawer and looked back down at John, a slight blush on his cheeks.
"It was the Professor. Yes. I will bring the information by later. No, later. Gavin, I am a bit busy right now." Sherlock's voice was dark and husky, and he kept biting his lip whenever he stopped talking. John lowered his head, feeling Sherlock's erection hit the back of his throat. Sherlock gasped and shifted his hips farther down in the chair. "George, I-I really can't talk right now. I don't really care what your name is. G-god John! I-is- is d-disrupting my e-experiments ag-again." John moaned around Sherlock, hearing the desperation in his husband's tone. He pulled Sherlock's trousers farther down and slid his fingers over the tight ring of muscle that was hidden back there. Sherlock jolted at the contact, letting out a soft whimper and chewing at his lip again. "Lestrade, I have to go." Sherlock hung up the phone and moaned deeply, leaning back in the chair and tightening his grip on John's hair. "God, John!"
"What do you mean? It's clearly a Daddy kink, what is there to discuss?" John chucked, leaning forward and resting his elbows on his knees.
"That whole book is about bees?" John sounded amazed, not angry or frustrated like Victor used to, and Sherlock fought down a happy grin. "Jesus, how much information could there possibly be?"
“What have you done to him?” Mycroft blinked, looking at John as though he had completely forgotten the human was there. He flicked his tail irritably, the pale light of the second sun making it glint like emeralds. Sherlock had always envied his brother’s tail, the green a much more appealing color than the black, bruise-like mass he was born with. “Let him go!”
A young man pushed his way into the flat, grinning softly at Sherlock. He knew this boy; his memories were tucked deep into the back corner of his mind palace. Suddenly, Sherlock knew where he was.
“Yes John, this is my brother.”
“He loves you. He told me. He wants you to be free.”
“This is a bad idea Greg. It’s just going to freak him out.”
“He is a Doctor!” John felt something spark in his chest when Sherlock’s voice wavered.
He ran into Mycroft outside the door.
“What if we summon Death?” He asked one day, the question falling from his lips before he could stop it.
Sherlock stepped away to hail a cab and John watched with unbridled love.
John let out a whimper of shock and pleasure as Sherlock pushed him back against the door frame, tugging at his shirt and biting at his lips.
A strange, tingling weight squeezed his hand and he knew he was just on the brink of consciousness.
John was beautiful. Tan skin, firm muscles and no harsh lines.
“Did you kill those people?”
He whimpered when he felt a cold, slick finger pressing into him. He hadn’t been aware of Sherlock removing his trousers and pants, much less where he had gotten lubricant, but another finger pressing into him silenced those thoughts.
“Mr. Watson?”
“More than anything.” The Enchantress smiled, dropping his hands and stepping back towards the dome that held the rose.
“I’ll be there in a minute Love.” The Candelabra responded, climbing onto the table beside John and sitting on the edge.
"I'll see you tomorrow?" John asked as he walked his boyfriend off the field, ignoring the whistles and laughter of his teammates.
"John!" Sherlock swatted his head, blushing darkly and trying to squirm away. John laughed and pinned Sherlock to the bed, kissing him deeply and making the younger boy whimper.
He loved watching Sherlock's face as he entered him, seeing the different emotions pass over the younger boy's face making his heart swell with love.
“Yes, but I want to hear you say it. I can only imagine what it sounds like in that dark voice of yours.”
"You can't do things like that Babe." John pulled him in for a hug, tucking his face against Sherlock's neck and pressing soft kisses against the skin there. "What if he reports you for attacking him? It's not worth it, I'm not-"
“Then fuck yes.” John laughed against Sherlock’s shoulder, sucking his own mark into the pale skin there. “Looks like I managed the impossible.”
John smirked and licked his lips once more before turning back to Rosie, handing the child the biscuit before starting to clear the table.
“Stop. Let’s get a cab Love. I’m freezing and my shoulder is seizing.”
"I'm working on it, now fuck off!" John laughed again, and Sherlock heard him close the door just before something struck the wood. He felt arms wrap around his waist and John's lips press against his neck.
"I-I don't-"
"-fucking amazing?" John quipped, laughing as Sherlock swatted his side.
“John, you need to calm down.” Mikey’s voice was soft and he was reaching above John’s head, pressing a button and flooding John’s system with a sedative. John could feel his joints becoming heavy and his breathing start to slow. “I’m sorry John, you can’t abuse your body like this, you haven’t finished treatments-”
“William!” A short, older woman came flying towards them, nearly knocking Sherlock over with the force of her hug. “Oh, my darling boy! Are you hurting? Have your wounds healed?” She pulled away, cupping the young man’s face and turning his face from side to side.
“Precision, an Energy Bow, and a hell of a lot of luck.” Sherlock chuckled. “That Hope, I’m pretty sure it belonged to a Bounty Hunter called the Spider.” Sherlock’s eyes landed on John, sharp and dangerous.
“Greg?” Mycroft’s broken voice came from behind him.
“Oh, right, I must have deleted that.” Sherlock winked at him again and slunk over to a chair that was collecting dust in the corner. He waved his hand and the chair suddenly changed, looking as though it was brand new. He dropped into the chair and stretched out, grinning smugly at John.
“Please John. Don’t make me watch you die.” A tear fell from Sherlock’s eye and John swallowed thickly. “Please, I can’t stop this.”
“That’s right. He made me hide his ships as they passed checkpoints and Rangers. He had me disguise his men so they wouldn’t be recognized. He- he had me manipulate the people he wanted dead so they would kill themselves. He had me change the memories of the people his men would assault so no one could ID his men.” John’s head was spinning, it was a clever idea, but the damage that had been done to Sherlock’s body was beyond horrific.
“What can I do? Please, I don’t want to have to watch you sail away again.” Mikey had started crying and John leaned down and pressed gentle kisses to the shorter man’s lips. “Please don’t go John.”
"Oi! You want my help?" Sherlock snapped his jaw shut, nodding reluctantly. "'Okay, what is her name?"
“No John, you didn’t summon me, you used a binding ritual. Congratulations, you and your two pets now harness the very power of time.” John blanched, this was not good.
"He attacked me, John." Sherlock snapped, his cheeks dark and lips turned down in a pout. "I was dancing and next thing I know he's there, insisting that I go to the dance with him. I said no and his friend threw me into the mirror." John glanced behind the other boy, noticing the shattered glass on the floor for the first time. "Charges are being filed, and the school is overlooking my involvement to avoid a scandal with Julliard." Sherlock gingerly slid off of the stretcher, wincing slightly as he straightened.
“I’m still not a hundred percent sure that he’s not.”
“This is a suicide mission.” It was a simple statement, but it made John’s chest tighten. He nodded, wiping his eyes and huffing a laugh.
“Oh, calm yourself, you big baby. He was under the impression that he wasn’t allowed up here so I told him to meet you down there.”
"Shh, just ignore it, they'll go away."
I don't know – SH
“Nonsense. I know how William can be. You are a wonderful man Captain Watson.” She winked, causing John to blush.
It hurt badly when Mike took his scalpel and cut a chunk of tissue from the burn, but Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut and fought the instinct to squirm. Within seconds, the burn replaced the missing tissue and the sharp stinging was gone, returning to the dull ache of injured muscles.
“Watson? Is that you?”
Friday at 6PM. Angelo's – SH
John sighed into the kiss as Sherlock ran his fingers along his thighs and sides. He pressed closer and moved his own hands over the Siren’s exposed chest. He loved it when Sherlock stayed in this form, human clothing irritated his skin and scales so he never wore a shirt.
John finally gave in, deepening the kiss and shifting closer to Sherlock, pressing him back against the cushions. Sherlock gasped when John broke the kiss, moving his lips down to kiss and suck at his neck.
Sherlock let go of the sword, stepping back and pulling himself to his full height.
“John?” Sherlock’s soft voice pulled John from his dreams. He forced his eyes open to see Sherlock standing by the edge of the bed, shuffling his feet as though he were nervous.
“I know. I was just about to wake you. I have to get going too, I’ve got a meeting.” He pushed his chair back and stood, stepping out of the kitchen to grab his book-bag.
“Lie back. You had a nasty fall, you shouldn’t be moving right now.” A deep, smooth voice came from the edge of the boat.
"Please stop! Someone might hear!" John laughed again and pulled Sherlock in for another kiss.
"I'll see you later Gorgeous." John left, bidding farewell to the rest of Sherlock's family and stopping to give Mrs. Hudson a quick kiss before stepping outside.
“Y-Yes.”
“Thanks Greg.” John’s voice was sincere and he grinned at Sherlock, clearly excited that they had a new plan. “I owe you one.”
“I know their names. They play through my head as I try to sleep. That was how the Spider kept me in his charge for so long. He used my pain to torture me. I didn’t join him to spite my brother, he found me, weak and trying to cut my song out of my throat.” Sherlock’s nails dug into the skin of his arm, trying to remind himself of something other than the pain in his heart. “He told me he could help me, that he could take my song from me.”
“John, I’m here.”
He grieved for Sherlock, and for John.
“You will have to ask John. He is my doctor.” John felt his chest tighten as the odd mix of affection and protectiveness he heard in Sherlock’s voice. He cleared his throat and straightened as much as he could.
Sherlock watched John sleeping on the sofa, pondering Gavin’s words. He feared hurting John again. He allowed himself to flicker closer to his sleeping lover, standing just past arms length away. John yawned and stretched, making a soft dinosaur-like noise as he did. Sherlock smiled, feeling affection growing at the action. He loved watching John sleep.
John stepped closer, reaching up and smoothing Sherlock's lapel, noting the way the other man's breath caught at the action.
"Not with a boy, but I did some research and I'm pretty sure I know what to do." Sherlock nodded, doing his best to relax.
Something clicked in the back of Sherlock's mind and suddenly everything seemed clear.
“You can’t send him back to that town John.”
Mike knew John wasn’t going to be returning.
“Your pet is fine-”
"John?"
This used to be his room, before the curse.
When will you be back? – JW
"Yours actually. It's not easy to focus on chemistry when you've got a gorgeous mouth wrapped around your-"
“You killed him.”
He was pale, and possibly too thin to be properly healthy, and his cheekbones stood out sharply, giving him an elvish appearance. He had long limbs and thick, dark curls framing his face.
John felt the pain in his claws as he struggled to maintain his grip on the crumbling castle. Moriarty stood above him, that unnerving grin on his face as he watched John struggle.
I miss you – JW
"We can protect you, just tell us who is after you-" the boy shook his head, blinking rapidly as he backed out of the room. He looked terrified, his skin pale and eyes wide.
A warm hand gripped his own tightly and he gasped, glancing up to meet the earnest eyes of John Watson.
“Oh, a date in the ballroom with the handsome prince, lucky John.”
“Where did you learn how to do that?” Sherlock asked, unable to contain his curiosity. The Beast chuckled, a dark, rumbling sound that echoed pleasantly in Sherlock’s chest.
John stopped turning and looked down at the Siren still kneeling before him. There was a strange mix of sadness and joy in his eyes and John was hit with a sudden realization that knocked him to his knees.
“You can ‘investigate’ as often as you like
"You can say no Love, I don't want to push you-" Sherlock shook his head, blushing as he pressed a timid kiss to John's lips.
He tasted Sherlock's tears on his lips and his brain jumped into gear. His hands gripped Sherlock's hips tightly and he returned the kisses, leaning up and deepening the kiss. Sherlock made a soft sound and parted his lips, allowing John to dip his tongue into Sherlock's mouth.
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock whispered, uncertain if The Beast had heard him or not.
“Break the seal, break the link.” Sherlock nodded, tracing the burn with one of his long, pale fingers. “What if I heal the burn? I don’t have the equipment on me, but if we can get to a Med Bay I could use my clearance to gain access to it.”
“We had a fight. He didn’t love me, not really. I confronted him, words were exchanged.”
He hated that it worked.
He was vaguely aware of John finishing, pushing into him roughly a few more times before filling him with his mess.
Sherlock gasped as an image of himself blinked into view, glaring at his wrists. This was John’s Sherlock, the one he wanted back so desperately.
He reached the edge of the bed and fell to the ground, landing on his already broken wrist, causing him to scream in pain. He could feel his wounds tearing open as he struggled to get away.
“Hi! You must be John.” She held out her hand, her voice coming out much softer than John would have thought. He took her hand and almost yelped as she yanked him into the room. “Sorry, I’m Molly. It’s cold out there and our heater just broke so His Highness doesn’t want the door open for too long.”
“Victor-”
“I thought this is what you wanted John? You wanted to be with me, so here I am! This is me! I hurt people and laugh at their pain.” He stepped closer to John and grabbed his elbow, spinning him around and throwing him violently against the door frame. The shorter man yelped as his head connected with the wood with a resounding thump. He pressed against John’s frame, bringing his lips to John’s ear and lowering his voice. “The Sherlock you loved, he isn’t real John. He’s just a voice in the back of my skull, crying at me about how much he loves you.” Sherlock pulled back to find John’s face soft with shock.
Sherlock’s body was lit with a cold fire, memories filling his mind painfully.
"I ask myself that every day Love."
He stepped into the studio, glancing around the nearly empty room. Harry was no where to be seen, but Sherlock was sprawled out on the floor, not moving.
"Who the fuck says that?"
“Hush, My Love. I’ve got you.” John felt himself being lowered to the floor of the deck and tried to cling to Sherlock, a faint hint of panicked confusion cutting through the pleasure and arousal. “I’m here John, trust me.” He nodded weakly and let himself be lowered, missing the contact to Sherlock’s body.
He stood like a man, but he was the farthest thing from one. His face looked like a lion, and he had massive paws in place of hands and feet. Sherlock could see fangs and claws buried amongst the blondish fur.
"You should get some sleep." John rubbed his eyes, groaning and shaking his head.
“I-I can’t- I-I need- I need to get back.” Victor kept pressing soft kisses to his face and lips, but the pulsing in his wrists had returned and was making the affectionate touches feel miles away. “Please, I-I need John-” Victor’s movements stopped and he pulled away, a deep sadness in his eyes.
John pulled off Sherlock's member, smirking up at the dancer before taking three of his own fingers into his mouth, wetting them with saliva thoroughly.
"Why are you hesitating? Why would the life of one pirate captain you knew fifteen years ago give you such pause? I'm a street rat, son of a vile sinner, a filthy pirate that has committed almost every sin known to man, I've killed hundreds of your men with my own blade, I killed my own fucking father. Why do I matter to the son of a bloody Court Royal?" The room was filled with silence and John could see something new forming on the younger man's face.
I win - JW
John waited until Sherlock's breathing had evened out before shifting, sliding an arm under his legs and lifting him off his feet.
Neither boy lasted very long, Sherlock finishing first, crying out John's name as he spilled between them. John groaned darkly as he filled the condom and collapsed on top of Sherlock.
“Hey Sherlock, they need to start getting you ready for the scene.”
“He’s dead Sherlock. Well, he will be soon enough.” Sherlock could hear Molly and John’s other friend starting to panic as he fought the tears. He looked back up at his brother, this time noticing the pale form of John’s spirit hovering by the taller man.
“Sounds dangerous.”
"N-No, I- I want to, just- just not on the floor." John laughed, kissing Sherlock deeply before pushing himself to his feet, pulling Sherlock along with him.
“Whoever I’m bound to, gets my soul. We can figure it out from there.” John nodded and stood, standing in front of the new man, bracing himself.
"Hey, do you want to get out of here? I'm bored, and this place is stuffier than I thought." Sherlock's brow furrowed in confusion, but he nodded timidly. "Great, meet me outside, I'll settle the bill." Sherlock blinked for a moment before standing and grabbing for his coat and scarf.
"Yes, Tiny Dancer?"
"You know, you really should bind your feet if you're going to practice that hard. You could really hurt yourself." Sherlock rolled his eyes, dropping back to the floor so he was lying down, hands covering his face.
“I don’t need your help-”
But the only voice he could hear was Victor's.
“Who?”
"No! I just- I don't-" Sherlock groaned and hid his face in John's neck, swatting his boyfriend's head when he felt John laugh harder. "I never wanted to see that." He whined, clinging to John's shoulders.
"You want sex." John choked on his drink at Sherlock's words, coughing violently and blushing. He finally managed to clear his airway, glancing around the nearly empty café before turning back to his boyfriend.
“Help! Somebody! Please!” He screamed, fighting against the rope hard enough to break the skin. “Help! Please! Somebody! Help me!” He was beginning to think he would never be heard when there was a knock at the door.
John stopped singing, suddenly overwhelmed with the thought that Sherlock was there, dancing with him, beneath the stars. The beautiful dancer he had been crushing on was laughing and grinning because of him, and John was certain he had never seen a more stunning sight.
“Oh, that’s up to John to decide Dearie. Why don’t you ask him next time you see him?” Sherlock frowned at the sandwich on his plate, picking at the bread. “What’s wrong Sweetie?” Mrs. Hudson’s voice was soft and she hopped closer to him. He sighed and pushed the plate away, no longer hungry.
Sherlock contemplates taking their relationship to the next level.
“I told you to stay out.” A soft voice whispered from the darkness, causing curiosity to fill the young man. “No, I don’t care. The last thing we want is for him to waken and see you. Now, get out.” Sherlock pried open his eyes, scanning the room and processing everything as quickly as his pain addled mind could.
They left E2 as quickly as they could, not a word shared between them.
"That's right. Now, enough talk." John threaded his fingers in Sherlock's hair and tugged, making Sherlock gasp and turn his head. "Fuck me." Sherlock chuckled catching John's lips in another bruising kiss and pulling him off the wall. They stumbled down the hall, tugging at each other's clothes and sharing rough, urgent kisses.
“I’m bored.” John rolled his eyes, it wasn’t the first time the Siren had made that announcement since they started travelling together. Usually John could shut him up with a story, or by answering his questions, but he was out of stories and Sherlock didn’t seem to have any questions.
The kid was thin. Almost too thin, despite eating regularly. That wasn’t a good sign. He peeled away the gauze and growled when he saw the wounds.
“One more night then? Please, I’m not ready to let you go yet.” Sherlock shook his head and John sobbed, tucking his head against Sherlock’s neck.
"Ow! Damn it! Fuck me-"
“John-”
The faint sound of glass tinkling filled the air as the dome covering what was left of the rose shattered. A soft golden glow lit up the room, and the dead petals from the rose swirled up and around, surrounding John. He was lifted into the air, the strange tingling sensation of magic filling his being.
“Let him go!” Sherlock cried, lunging at his brother, pushing him off balance and forcing him against the wall. If anyone could free John from death it was Death himself.
He was shorter now, standing several inches shorter than Sherlock, but he carried himself with the confidence of a soldier.
Sherlock was going to get him in trouble.
"Y-You- you're mad at him?" John spun to face Sherlock, his face red and tears in his eyes.
He shot out the door, locking it behind him before running down to the stables. He saddled his horse as fast as he could.
"Yes, Daddy." He whispered, a thrill tracing his spine as he heard a soft groan fall from John's lips and felt his fingers tighten around his hips. He pulled back enough for John to catch his lips in a rough kiss, all teeth and tongue.
He was distantly aware of someone boarding his ship.
"You know me Mr. Holmes. Do you honestly believe I would actually let anyone harm an innocent?"
“Why would you do that?” The voice of Greg Lestrade pulled Mycroft’s attention from the phone before him. “Why tell Mikey that Sherlock is dead?”
“Mike, I can’t stay.” John finished tying down the last of his supplies, looking up at his friend and offering him a soft smile before standing. “I can’t be around here anymore. Not after this. I can’t stand to see the pity in everyone’s eyes.” He pulled Mike in for a hug, feeling his long-time friend tremble against him.
“What are you talking about?” He tried to make his voice harsh, but it came out almost scared. Mycroft smirked, shifting closer to Sherlock and crouching down beside the pair, blatantly ignoring his sibling’s warning song.
"I know Love, I get it." John pried himself out of Sherlock's grip, his eyes sparkling with amusement and love. "Come on, lets go back to yours, eh? We'll send a cab to get those two when the call asking where we are. That will give us lots of time to be alone. Sound good Tiny Dancer?" Sherlock felt his heart swell for his boyfriend and he leaned down, kissing the other boy sweetly.
The pain was blinding, and Sherlock was starting to lose the ability to think.
"Eight-thirty."
“You were going to before you touched him outside of time.” Sherlock froze, he hadn’t thought of that. John had been touched outside of time, the bond was physical now. That’s why he was so upset about John not waking up. What was left of his heart shattered, he dropped to his knees, the weight of the bond heavy on his shoulders. “Break the bond with John, and I will give him his life back.”
“Good, let’s do this.” Sherlock grinned, stepping back and directing everyone to stand in front of him. Once they were all in place, John watched as Sherlock dug through the pockets of his suit jacket. He finally found what he had been looking for and pulled out a stunning pocket watch. “I thought the watch was symbolic?” John quipped, grinning at the scowl Sherlock sent him.
He moaned when Sherlock leaned down and kissed him, his senses heightened by the Song.
“Thank you for your lack of assistance. I will figure something else out-” He turned to walk away, but was stopped when Irene grabbed him by the elbow.
"Y-You want sex." John blushed, shrugging and grabbing Sherlock's hand, pulling it up to his lips and pressing a soft kiss to the knuckles.
He looked at his hands, the hands that fought through the war, stitched together the wounds of so many men and women. He breathed a sigh of relief when his fangs no longer caught on his lips when he grinned. He ran his hands through his hair, reveling in the shortness of it. He looked around for Mary, but she was gone.
“Sorry. I can set it back up for you if you want.”
"Of course I'm fine with it Dear, and don't worry about that. You're Harry's friend." Harry crowed, finally releasing Sherlock with a shove and spinning away.
“I owe you the world young man. Keeping my son healthy, saving his life from those nasty thugs.” She gripped John’s face in her hands and pressed a sloppy kiss to his forehead.
"What question?"
It was silent in the flat as Sherlock stormed off to his bedroom, planning on avoiding his flatmate for at least a week. He threw himself onto the bed and burrowed under the blankets, wishing he could melt into the sheets.
“Goodbye Sherlock. I love you.” He fled the apartment before Sherlock could say anything else. He knew that Sherlock hated it when he would avoid him like that, but there wasn’t anything he could do. He was so madly in love with the crazy young man that felt nothing for him. He hailed a cab and watched as Sherlock stood by the window, watching him as he was driven away.
“How long?”
"Yeah Babe, he's gone."
“Stay here with me. You don’t have to suffer here. You can build a life with me.” Victor was warm, nostalgia seeping from his very core, familiar in a distant sort of way.
"J-John- please- f-fuck me, please-" John silenced the pleas with a firm kiss, adjusting Sherlock's hips slightly and pressing his fingers into his loosened entrance, smiling into the kiss at the whimper that fell from the man beneath him.
Just a note...I know nothing about the porn industry so if I have some details wrong about how it works I apologize...Enjoy<3
"Sherlock, have you ever-" The younger man shook his head. "W-We don't have to-"
“Well, it appears I have stumbled upon the only human in this galaxy with an iota of intelligence.” John blushed, though he was unsure why. Something about the way this creature spoke to him sent chills along his spine. “I studied your language when I was younger, I’m far from fluent, but I can hold my own.”
Dinner was unbearable for Sherlock. He hated the taste of human food, and watching John and Mike together made his stomach tighten into knots.
He felt the castle crumble for the final time.
way that drove Sherlock mad. "Because Daddy knows best, right Sherlock?" He could do little more than nod in response, swallowing thickly.
He helped the younger man undress and pull on his pajama bottoms before helping him into the bed. He placed some painkillers on his nightstand next to a glass of water before standing up to leave.
"No." The grin faded from John's lips slightly and he crossed his arms, hoping the hurt didn't show on his face.
"I love you John."
“I’ll have John come up and-”
"Of course you never knew, you would have fought to keep me there and then your parents would have had to take in the son of a man who sinned against God." John stepped around the desk, coming to stand in front of the young man. "I tried to get back, to try to find you again, but I was a street rat, no one would help me." Sherlock was staring at the wall, completely still aside from the blinking of his eyes. John grabbed his elbow and turned him, reaching up and brushing a stray curl from the young boy's face.
"Just pick up your blade John."
He had bailed on dinner and swimming with the group in favor of Skyping John, hoping he would get a bit of privacy.
"Hey." John whispered, brushing a stray curl out of his eyes. "What's going on, Love? Where is all of this coming from?"
“You’re mad.”
“Jesus, Sherlock. What the fuck is going on? Where have you been?”
Since getting his Life Force back, he and Sherlock had spent many days testing his limits against Sherlock’s song, and they discovered that even though Sherlock could manipulate him now, it took a lot of effort on the Siren’s part to get him to do anything he didn’t truly want to do.
"I'm aware of the damage that can occur. I simply forgot them at home and didn't have time to go back for them."
“Good, now, what is your name?”
“No. Please tell me he isn’t-”
"Why are you getting so mad? It's just a friendly dinner-"
"That was horrific." Sherlock mumbled into the crook of his neck, making him laugh. "I'm sorry John, I thought Mycroft was going to be at Geoffrey's overnight-" John pulled back, cutting his boyfriend's words off with a soft kiss.
“I’m supposed to be meeting Greg in ten minutes.”
“He’s gone. Call it.” Sherlock sobbed violently. John was dead, taken by Fate.
“Sherlock stopped flinching.” Greg grinned and motioned for John to sit in the chair next to him. Once John was settled, Greg sat on the table facing him, wincing as his joints creaked.
"Oh, please John, I thought you would be smart enough to see-"
“You’re safe here, Sherlock. This isn’t real.” Victor pulled away, smiling sadly at him. “We can be happy here. In this moment.” Victor’s hands were on his cheeks, pulling him forward and kissing him tenderly. “Let me take care of you.” Sherlock shook his head, fighting against the urge to return the kisses.
“Let’s just say, he knows when he is out of his league.” Mike winked and took a swig of his drink, leaving Sherlock more confused than before.
“Ever wanted to know what it’s like to walk Gorgeous?”
“Sorry, I suppose I should have properly introduced myself-”
“Sherlock.”
"I must apologize about Mrs. Hudson, she keeps forgetting her place." Sherlock glared back at the lady, still clearly embarrassed. "Housekeepers should speak when spoken to!"
“Look at the little porn star, trying to play the soldier outside the studio. How adorable.” John grinned and pulled out his gun, clocking the weapon and aiming it at the men.
“Oh? You really are a doctor then?” Mr. Holmes asked, standing and facing John.
“Nothing. I’m just bored.”
"John-"
"William Sherlock Scott Holmes, don't you dare finish that sentence!"
“Are you fucking kidding me?” The new voice caused Molly to shriek, spilling her wine and latching on to John’s side. The smoke was starting to clear as John pried the terrified girl off his arm and stood, looking around trying to find where the voice had come from. “A binding ritual? Of all the rituals, you could have chosen you had to chose a binding one?” John found the man the voice belonged to, and felt his stomach hit the floor. The new man was propped against the doorframe, all limbs and curls. He was dressed in a black suit that fit him perfectly, and the pale light of the candles accentuated the harsh angles of his face, making him seem almost alien.
“Alright, I have an idea. I want to talk to you, like a full conversation. So, I got you this,” John held out a whiteboard and marker, hoping the ghost was listening. “You can use this to talk to me. I-I’ll leave it on the fridge. I want to try to make this work, so just, behave, please?” He hung the whiteboard on the fridge and headed upstairs to bed.
"Are you asking?" Sherlock nodded, his eyes wide as he looked at John. He looked so young, like a little boy asking his granny for sweets. John pushed himself to his feet, reaching for Sherlock. "Come on then Tiny Dancer, I'll drive you home." Sherlock smiled shyly and let John help him to his feet.
"We haven't been friends in fifteen years Sherlock." The taller man frowned, eyes flicking from John's eyes to his lips for a moment before he suddenly moved.
“Maybe you shouldn’t care then!” John froze at those words, feeling the anger and fear pouring off Sherlock’s trembling frame. “Why do you care oh Captain? Not really your area, is it? No, you’re more of a love them and leave them kind of guy, aren’t you? Take what you want and leave them basking in the afterglow right?” John straightened, blinking back the tears that threatened to fall at the harsh words.
“Stop the boat.” There was no urgency to the demand, but John obeyed anyway, closing the sail and letting the ship drift to a stop. Sherlock hummed a few notes and John watched as the energies formed a thin rope around the mast, anchoring the vessel to a star.
“Grab John’s Tablet and turn it on.” Sherlock followed the instructions, ignoring the blood that coated his hands and smudged over the Tablet screen. “I’m going to hack into his mainframe and override the system. Once the shield is up it should block out whatever is doing that to John. He can help you from there.” Sherlock nodded and returned to trying to stop John. His head started aching again as The Spider’s voice started humming in his ear.
“H-How- I-I thought-” Sherlock smiled fondly and closed his eyes, letting John touch him. Anger flared through John’s body and he slapped Sherlock, sending the Siren sprawling against the deck of his ship. “You fucking shit!” He snapped, glaring at Sherlock as a stunned expression took over his features.
“Jesus fucking Christ! Sherlock Holmes where the Hell have you been?” Sherlock winced and avoided John’s shocked eyes.
“I’m already hurt John, what more could I do to myself?” Sherlock snapped, pulling himself to sit next to John. “Can I see the book?” John hesitated, pulling the guide tight against his chest before handing it over to the Siren. Sherlock ran his fingers over the cover, gently opening the pages and smiling at the drawings he saw there. The Siren looked back up at John, his eyes glinting with mischief. “This book is amazing.” John grinned proudly, enjoying the expression on Sherlock’s face.
They giggled helplessly for a minute before Sherlock managed to compose himself. He lifted his head and stared down at his blogger, who was smiling fondly up at him. He dropped a soft kiss to the tip of John's nose. John blushed and giggled, placing a hand on Sherlock's cheek and kissing him softly.
"Maybe he is." John laughed as one of Harry's spare shoes came flying at his face. He easily dodged it and lunged for Sherlock, catching him around the waist and hauling him close, ignoring his yelp of shock.
“Sounds good, call or text if you need anything.” He was almost out of the room when he heard Sherlock’s soft voice calling his name.
"Happy Christmas John." John kissed Sherlock again, smirking at the sigh that fell from the younger boy's chest as he licked into his mouth.
“He thinks it’s hot.”
“Who are you bound to?” Molly asked, causing everyone in the room to freeze. Sherlock leaned forward in his chair and smirked at the girl.
Everything shattered, colors fragmenting and splintering like thread being torn. John gasped, feeling his breath being pulled from his lungs as the room trembled, each strand of color vibrating like the strings on a guitar.
"You ready, you filthy thing? I'm going to make you scream." Sherlock whined as John pressed in, already feeling a new spark of arousal flaring in his groin.
"Shirt and pants, now."
"Run!" He laughed, tugging Sherlock's hand and racing away from the restaurant, the tall dancer in tow.
He yelped and scrambled back when a man flickered into view in front of the fridge.
“Mike, I need your help.”
"I didn't know they were there!" John tugged at his hair, fighting to keep his breathing steady. He had been dreading meeting Sherlock's parents since they started dating, and this was not how he pictured it going down. "Babe, this- this isn't good. I-I think- I-I'm just going to sneak out-" Sherlock grabbed his hips and tugged him closer, nuzzling along his collarbone and running his hands along his sides.
"You haven't asked him?"
“It’s going to be dangerous.”
“My, my, what did this to you?” Sherlock whimpered as the man poked at the bleeding wounds. “Was it those nasty wolves I always hear out there?”
“Jesus Sherlock.” He whispered as he held the panicking man close, rocking him gently in his arms. “Who did this to you?”
When Sunday rolled around, Sherlock spent the entire day trying to distract John.
“But you shot them.”
"Sherlock-"
"John isn't gay, and I am asexual."
Sherlock spun back to face him, this time looking curious and slightly flustered. John watched as a blush seemed to take over the pale skin of Sherlock’s neck and face, making him look younger and more approachable.
The sight he turned towards took his breath away.
They spoke together, it was choppy and probably horrendously butchered, but it was the best they could do. Then Greg dropped the match into the bowl.
"Brother mine, what do I owe the pleasure?"
“Isn’t that the day you’re supposed to have dinner with your family?”
Greg stuffed his phone back into his pocket and continued sorting through the various herbs and items he had collected.
“Mary. Mary please.” John whispered, calling out for the Enchantress, praying that she would hear him. That she was listening.
“Sherlock, do you know why I am interested in you?”
"I enjoy experimentation, in all areas."
A familiar surge of energy pricked along his tail and he watched in terror as a massive wave of energy came crashing down on the small boat. The human was thrown from the vessel, dropping through the storm and into empty air.
John felt his breath catch as Sherlock’s pulse faded.
“Cremated, what wasn’t donated to science, that is.”
“Alright. I’ll sleep on the sofa, call if you-”
“John-”
“Please! I can’t lose him Mycroft.” He begged, not even bothering to hide the tears that fell from his eyes. Even though they were always at odds, Sherlock knew that his older brother could not resist an emotional Sherlock. The older man sighed, pulling himself to his full height and tapping his umbrella against the floor.
"Sod off, I know what you're trying to do here." Greg scowled at John's laugh, but let himself be pushed forward, suddenly feeling very self-conscious. "This is just a waste of time you know. Mycroft Holmes hated me-"
“My relationship with Greg is none of your concern.”
John’s head was spinning as he pushed himself out of bed.
"I love you too Babe."
“The man my father spoke of.” John made an affirmative sound, his curiosity piquing. He didn’t push though, letting Sherlock speak at his leisure. “You may have heard of him, he is in the industry. James Moriarty.” John couldn’t help tensing at the name.
As his mind drifted into unconsciousness, he heard the rapid beeping of heart monitors screaming for assistance.
"I-I just want him to be happy."
“Yes. Problem?” He saw Sherlock studying him in the mirror and chewed at his bottom lip, shaking his head and tugging the shirt over his head. As soon as it was off, he covered his shoulder with his hand, massaging the muscle absentmindedly.
"I'm not the best, and please don't call me Sherly." Harry ignored Sherlock, glancing between him and John for a moment before grinning mischievously and turning to Mrs. Watson.
“So correct the info and let it go.” He pressed close to the taller man’s side and leaned up, brushing his lips against Sherlock’s ear. “I’m more than a little anxious to get home.” He whispered darkly in his lover’s ear, feeling the lanky man tense against him.
Filming with Sherlock Holmes turned out to be one of the greatest things John had ever done. The chemistry between them was electric, and the directors only called for a re-shoot on two of the shots. John really didn’t mind re-doing the scenes either, seeing as it only meant he got to be with Sherlock longer.
“Sherlock.”
“J-John-”
“It’s been in my family since humans first started exploring the stars. I got it when my father passed.” Sherlock dragged himself along the deck, wincing in pain as his wounds pulled. “Don’t, you’ll hurt yourself-”
“There is no time. Everything you need to know about the tissues is on this data stick, but you need to get as far away from E2 as you can.” Mike shoved a small object into John’s hand before pulling him in for a hug. “Be careful. I’ve explained everything on the Data Stick. Just go, now.” He pulled back slightly and pressed a gentle kiss to John’s lips before pushing him away.
“Thank you, John.”
“I’ve been meaning to ask, when did Mycroft marry George? Last I remember, they were only just starting to date.”
“Please, Sherlock. I know it didn’t go so well the last time, but that was twenty years ago. And now you have me.”
"Well, I'm sure he will be fine with it-"
"Oi! You're the one with come leaking out of his arse." Sherlock felt his cheeks darken as John helped him to his feet.
Over the next few weeks, Sherlock slowly started gaining his strength back. His thighs healed first, allowing him to walk around freely. His chest wasn’t healing as well as any of them hoped, the wounds seemingly unable to close. The infection tried to flare up three more times, but each time, John managed to halt it in its tracks.
He changed his approach. He shook off his coat, threw it over a kitchen chair, and sat down on the armrest of John’s chair (which the doctor accepted, but didn’t make a move to initiate more contact).
They managed to create a decent pile of pancakes and a whooping serving of fruits with no mayor incidents and it looked like everything was working out just in their favor, when (as usual) something unexpected happened. Greg had made the executive decision that John was big enough to heat his own warm milk in a skillet, which, as it turned out, had been a slight miscalculation (maybe he shouldn’t make executive decisions when he had no idea what the fuck he was doing, but that was just an afterthought). It wasn’t that hot and John didn’t severely burn his hand- just a little bit on the skillet, but it was enough to throw him off balance. He cursed loudly at his stupidity and just like that he felt himself slipping up into an in-between-mindset (which annoyed him even more than his clumsiness). He clutched his hand and cursed some more. Greg- who had been occupied with coffee- was at his side in a flash, turning the heat off and prying John’s fingers from his tight grasp around the burned spot.
like a god-damn baby!”
Greg chuckled quietly at his own sappy thoughts (it was true, though) as he made his way over to the couch, slumping down in John’s chair and listening to the one-sided conversation. John nudged him with his foot once or twice when his narrative arrived at parts that had remotely to do with Greg (like the time he laughed so hard about one of the stupid puns Timon made that he almost chocked on his drink). Greg grinned contently and threw in a comment once or twice to make his friend laugh. Simultaneously, he discreetly answered the texts Sherlock had started to send him about ten minutes into the conversation; asking if there were any difficulties and how John had taken the whole thing (always the helicopter parent, that Sherlock Holmes. It was a thought that bemused Greg out of its sheer absurdity).
Between doing what you need and letting your life be controlled by it, right?
He stopped abruptly and blushed a little.
“Do you trust me?”
John bit his bottom lip and gave his partner the ‘Don’t think I don’t know what you’re trying to do here’- look.
By the looks of it, Sherlock had already stopped humoring him (or maybe stopped caring about him altogether- John shivered as he recalled all the mornings to an empty bed and nights without company, all the chaste kisses barely longer than a breath, all the silence- the silence now and the distance between them. John was struggling to keep up. He really tried. But he couldn’t.)
With the romantic crisis nowhere in sight, Sherlock shifted his focus to the sexual nature of their relationship. John hadn’t had a male partner before, so the detective had readied himself for uneasiness whenever their kisses turned rougher and the touches bolder. He had been sick with nerves the day he had first gotten naked in front of John, deeming this the crucial moment of the sexuality crisis he thought he would witness. It was one thing feeling an erection vaguely through the confidents of clothes, but another one entirely to have it stare you in the face- figuratively speaking. John, however, unaware of his partner’s worries, did sink to his knees and put his mouth to better use than discussing changed sexual preferences.
Not once in several years of friendship had Sherlock…
Greg wasn’t just
Greg with this.
But he cared about John; to a ridiculously high extend.
“I know.”
Here, he gave the DI a sharp look, who obediently held up his phone for the control-freak to see. John, as Greg learned, was only allowed to use his phone in emergencies when in little headspace, since the whole point of the exercise was to reduce the stresses of adult life- always being contactable being one of them.
His parents had been proud,
He merely nodded a greeting over his shoulder, before concentrating once again on being busy with the food.
The sound of the door closing was loud in the quiet room.
Sherlock opened his mouth, the lines around his eyes crinkling amused, but John didn’t give him a chance to get a word in, because he was already out of bed (almost falling for being entangled in the blankets) and half-way at the door.
The DI took another minute to let the information sink in. His forgotten cereal had gone soggy in its bowl and the program on the telly had switched to one of those tedious dating shows.
for little John.
“Stop saying that you’re sorry. Just don’t do it again.” Despite the confident tone, Sherlock didn’t miss the vulnerability that flickered over his partner’s face.
He felt worry suddenly pulling at his stomach but tried to ignore it in favor of considering the choices Daddy gave him. Choices were good, he always liked them. He liked choosing what kind of book they read or which ice-cream they would order as dessert. He liked that he had a choice about the pull-up, too. He had been so scared to be pressured into something he didn’t like at all. But the choices allowed him to be as independent as he wanted without the worry and pressure that came with thinking about options in the first place.
Not even five minutes in, John shuffled again, this time turning slightly and scooting further down, until his face was comfortably pressed against the small swell of Sherlock’s stomach, while his head rested on one of the detective’s strong thighs. John was a comfortable weight against him, nimble fingers toying idly with the hem of his blue robe, warm breath gathering against his abdomen.
He should probably be bothered by this. It was…
His partner had held his head bowed, and only when Sherlock took a tentative step towards him, John lifted his chin and their eyes locked. Red-rimmed. Puffy. Dry skin. Blotchy redness around the pronounced dark circles.
And he didn’t even mind.
Sherlock held his breath- the taste of the foreign word still heavy on his tongue- and watched a full-blown shudder wash over his partner, that he even felt against his fingertips, that were still encircling the doctor’s wrist. Every muscle in John’s body seemed to become rigid, before all the tension melted away. It was a curious thing to watch, but it didn’t actually help to ease Sherlock’s anxieties.
“Why don’t you try and sleep a bit, yes? It’s late and you must be tired, love bug.”
Humiliating.
Gotcha.
“I’ll be right here,” he mumbled, gesturing to the nearby living room, indicating that he would give them some privacy, but would stay alert nevertheless in case things went awry.
"If you're asking me if they molested me, they didn't." John fought against a blush that threatened to rise on his cheeks, glaring at a spot on the floor. John heard the girl wince and spun, his hands shooting out just in time to catch the taller girl as she stumbled. "S-Sorry-"
"I could make you fucking scream, and no one would know." John slipped one of his hands under the hem of Sherlock's sweater, brushing the skin lightly and smirking when his boyfriend squirmed again.
“I am still trying to fight the bonds that man created through you.”
He was forced to emerge the next day when his body started complaining of hunger. He slipped almost silently into the kitchen and started rooting for something edible. He was on the verge of ordering Indian when a voice from the doorway startled him.
“It’s not safe John. Take Sherlock and run.” With that, Mike turned and hurried back into the compound. John turned and sent a scared look back at Sherlock before pushing past him, heading for the docks.
John and Sherlock peered in the window of Angelo's watching the couple stand awkwardly for a minute. When Greg and Mycroft started laughing and moved to sit, John let out a happy crow and spun to face his boyfriend, grinning happily.
“Sherlock-”
“Sherlock is dead.”
"It may be best for you to r-ride me-"
“Sherlock?” John’s eyes blinked open, fighting to focus on Sherlocks own.
I still have one of the books he loaned me – GL
The nurse was finished bandaging his cheek, and John waited until she had stepped away before closing the gap between them. He stopped himself before he could grab his boyfriend, reminding himself that Sherlock had been in a fight, and was probably in pain.
“W-What?”
"I really don't know Love. I won't lie and say the thought turns me off, but in the same breath, it also doesn't really do a whole lot for me either." Sherlock sighed happily as John lifted his chin and pressed a soft kiss to his lips. "Maybe one day, when we are both ready, we can try it. Sound good?" Sherlock nodded, kissing John softly once more before settling down against the older man's side.
Sherlock’s unnatural growl shocked both Sirens, the dangerous sound mingling with Mycroft’s song and disrupting the note. John’s body hit the ground with a sickening thud and Sherlock leapt to his side, cradling his head in his arms.
John leaped across the boat and forced open one of the crates, pulling out his energy bow and turning it on. It was illegal to kill a Hope, but John could see that Sherlock had been knocked unconscious, and there was no way he could let that beautiful creature die in the arms of a Hope.
“How would you know! You’ve known me for less than a month, Sherlock-”
“I know your name Brenda, you are just fun to tease.” John laughed and spun Sherlock away before Lestrade could hit him.
“As far as I can tell yes. Chemistry was never really my strong suit so I don’t really know how to test the samples.”
“Have you told him that?”
John locked the door, turning back to face Sherlock, who was watching him with wide, anxious eyes. He offered the younger man a soft smile, closing the distance between them and placing his hands on Sherlock's hips.
“Wait, you two know each other?” John was getting dizzy from looking between the two men.
"I can't help it, the way you move is just- there are no words." Sherlock blushed darker, and felt his mind start to close, his brain going into overdrive at the thought of his dancing arousing John. "Hey, stay with me Babe." Sherlock blinked and forced his eyes to meet John's, digging his nails into his palms to keep himself from disassociating. "There you are. You okay babe?" Sherlock nodded, chewing on his bottom lip and shifting uncomfortably.
They just didn’t do this.
Yet, perhaps not really surprising. The interdependence between the detective and his blogger was a mutual and intimate affair; they needed each other in a blatantly obvious, but heart-warming way. The loss of one was enough to break the other (At this, Greg had to pull his mind away from the dark months without Sherlock, willing with all his might to not remember the lost and broken look on John’s face. Because Sherlock came back to life. And with him, John did, too.) He was not shy to admit, though, that he was rooting for this relationship; given those two idiots seemed to make each other happy, and he had a soft spot for both of them. He couldn’t help it. They were pretty lovable idiots.
“Fine, Daddy.”
Sherlock was already attuned to the small differences in the intensity of John’s little experience: Sometimes, it was more like a more intimate sign of affection between partners, sometimes it was a way to have some light-hearted fun, and sometimes- this time- it was like John craved a break from being an adult. Letting himself fall. Having his Daddy catch him.
He wasn’t one easily frayed by emotions but seeing
And really, who could blame him for inching closer and closer, while this warm feeling sat in his heart; who could blame him if he rubbed his cheek against the soft fabric covering his friend’s thigh; who would blame him that he let Sherlock’s soft voice- reading the article on his tablet about bees aloud- lull him to sleep; who could blame him if he felt alright and at home, for the first time in a very
. So, so happy.
When he took a couple of steps into the dark bedroom, Sherlock realized that the crying wasn’t the only thing that was
“I’m sorry for being difficult,” his voice was muffled, but it was blatantly obvious that he was already slipping again, only a trace of big John lingering in his tone.
Sherlock smiled when his fingers brushed the other item he had brought along, deciding it was the perfect treat to present to John after the pull-up business was settled. Would John have been in his adult mind-set, he would have called Sherlock an old softie for thinking like that, but Sherlock just couldn’t help himself. John made him soft.
Sherlock was taken aback by the force of the hug but returned it as soon as he regained his footing- holding John’s body as tight as he dared, fingertips digging into the soft wool of his jumper.
. “I shouldn’t need…”
That was…. A surprisingly easy solution.
He wasn’t a baby.
from his hard-drive the moment he saw them and a handful of useful information. Nothing overly detailed, though, (to be fair, maybe he could have phrased his search better than “bed-wetting” and “taking care of your friend after bed-wetting”) so he figured they would have to figure it out as they went along. It was a modus operandi he didn’t favor in the least, but there was little else to do besides it at this point.
The genuine emotion of the statement caused Greg to bellow a laugh before he could stop himself. How could anyone feel so strongly about smoothies?
“Do you want to go home?”
“You alright, mate?”
John was
“But… but… uh, I totally wanted to watch that game, too.”
He frowned and scrubbed his hand over his face; the skin now blotchy red and awfully dry-looking.
He and John had gotten a little bit drunk and he was already feeling the alcohol taking its toll on his body.
“What do you want?” he groaned, already maneuvering back under the covers.
John had tackled a guy outside of Sherlock’s sightline, which lead his bad leg to be heavily bruised, probably swollen. Anyhow, it hurt like a bitch and walking around in the cold did nothing to improve its state.
Greg, who had turned out the faucet and now dabbed the area dry didn’t look at him and didn’t stop his task. He was real gentle about it, too. Like it wasn’t fucking stupid that John had burned himself.
In that moment, his senses were invaded by everything that was John- the texture of his skin, the smell of his collar, the sound of his heartbeat- and before he could think, before he could do anything really, he made a decision.
By the time that he was out of his clothes, had disposed the pull-up in the bin without looking at it and stepped into the warm bath water, he was well on his way to be fully little. It
He had a pretty good idea about it, but a hypothesis as long as it’s not confirmed is nothing more than exactly that- a hypothesis.
Maybe it would help John to settle comfortably into little space by the time their dinner arrived, so they could fully enjoy a quiet evening.
Sherlock watched in fond admiration as John gave him a sideway glance, his eyes big, and soft, and shiny. He was slowly getting his guard down and Sherlock could hardly wait. He had missed spending time with his little love.
He still looked pretty heart-broken, though.
But what?
Sherlock’s heart clenched painfully in his chest.  An accident was hard enough. But this time, John had been all alone. All alone and probably, most certainly little.
He huffed a little when he caught his own eye in the mirror and wrapped the cardigan a little tighter around himself. It was a little too big for him, hanging off his frame- making him look small. Well. As small as an adult male of average height could look. He pulled the sleeves over his hands and let the sensation of the soft wool against his palms calm him. The desire to bury his face into teddy’s (the name had stuck, despite it being the most uncreative thing ever) fur tugged around in his belly. Would Greg judge him if he came back from his bathroom break with a stuffed toy? It seemed like such a baby-ish thing to do, and he wanted to prove to Greg that he was a big boy. But… but Ella always said comfort items were called like that for a reason, and he could use some comfort just about now.
Sherlock squared his jaw. He hated to state the obvious himself, but he didn’t know how else to start the conversation.
“John, love?” he started carefully, aware that he was addressing a very sensitive issue for both big and little John. “I think you should talk to Ella again. If it makes you this upset… I know it’s not easy and I know you’re embarrassed, but we might need some extra help to work through this.”
They all had seen enough darkness to last for a lifetime.
- stop the words from leaving his mouth. They had been the only conscious thought on his mind the moment John started crying- they were his mantra, his blessing, his curse. Theirs.
Sherlock pursed his lips and turned away, probably sullen upon realizing that Greg was capable of some decent deductions, after all.
But then John hugged
“He’s always been there for me, too,” John agreed in a breathy voice, the ‘
“You can’t be dumb. You’re much too smart for that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No.”
Somewhere in the far corners of his head, big John was having a break-down over the humiliation of one of his best mates knowing that he liked soft things and called Sherlock ‘Daddy’. Little John, though, was only mildly concerned with big John’s issues (which was very, very rare; if it had happened at all. Usually, shame was enough to kick the doctor completely out of headspace again. This time, however, he was settled into it quite firmly; and the childish items around him helped him feel small).
It was only a matter of an hour or two until he could properly talk with his Daddy, John told himself, and felt slightly less disappointed that their chat ended so abruptly. But Daddy was busy after all, otherwise Greg wouldn’t be here to babysit. John looked down at his friend’s big weather-beaten hands resting lightly against his shoulders and was overcome by a wave of deep affection. Greg was without a doubt the best person he and Sherlock had in their life (followed by, shockingly, the one and only Mycroft Holmes). The concept of family had always left a bitter-sweet aftertaste in his mouth, with all the disappointment and pressure that usually came with it. But now, with Sherlock and Greg (and maybe Mycroft if he wasn’t a prick), it was just sweet and he was
The feeling of soft cotton encasing his crotch broke something inside of him.
“Ye-“
When the giggles had died down to a quiet chuckle, the room was bathed in comfortable silence, safe for the morning show, now investigating the “10 ways to make your smoothie a health-bomb” (Greg always had a suspicion that it must have something to do with this Chia-stuff). Idly, he started watching the program, giving John some time to catch his breath.
“Thank you,” he mumbled shily, but smiled directly at his friend.
John gave a very deep sigh, clearly frustrated with himself.
John’s voice was tight and different; Greg didn’t recognize it. It was also faint and small and barely audible through the door.
. But John didn’t let him. He closed himself off, suspicious of Sherlock’s change of heart and doubting his friend’s sincerity on every step of the way.
children, two of them. Turned out just fine.” Sherlock was being far too over-dramatic for his taste. Geez, he was a father and a DI- have some faith.
“Yeah,” he started cautiously, massaging his temples and trying to wrap his head around the situation he found himself in.
Phew, this took me quite some time. But I'm so proud of it; it's a story-line that has been ghosting around my brain FOREVER.
“That’s good enough for now. Take a shower, I’ll take care of the bed.”
Turned out, the five was closer to a strong 7.5.
Sherlock settled more comfortably against the pillows and let out a long breath. With all the turns the day had taken, he would have expected his mind to be racing like it had been before, however in that very moment, he felt peaceful.
The outburst was sudden and violent, and right after it happened, John started sobbing again. Sherlock felt terrible.
“I love you.”
“Hm?”
Apparently, addictive brain-structures were hard to overcome. The rush- as consuming as heroin.
“Don’t say self-degrading things like that. You want to be little, not a baby. We both know you don’t actually need them. I would never assume that you…. I just thought they could offer some comfort in moments when you’re feeling anxious and insecure. I would never… expect you to actually use them. I just thought that maybe… being aware of their presence would help you relax, despite your worries.”
Maybe… that was the problem.
, while he was wearing a fucking pull-up because he didn’t even trust himself anymore,
, he told himself). His partner was keeping strange hours, enthralled by the mystery of the case, which resulted in him barely seeing Sherlock at all. It was Sherlock’s thing, it was what he did- but John kind of missed him, maybe, a bit (a lot).
by something. He didn’t want anyone else to know. He somehow thought Sherlock would leave out this particular detail, but
Despite of probably having the complete wrong idea about the situation, Greg nevertheless managed to hit the nail square on the head.
“S’okay,” John sniffled again, his voice faint; all the emotional extremes were clearly wearing his already exhausted body out. “I should’ve said something. But I thought I could get by, y’know? I thought I was doing fine until I suddenly found myself in the middle of no being fine at all. It caught me off-guard.”
