He found the books he needed for his next two classes and got up to stuff them into the bag hanging from his desk chair. “I’ve got class, I’ll uh, see you later.”
When it was his turn, he kept it simple. “Uh, hi, I’m Castiel Novak. I’m also a bio major, um. Can’t wait to graduate!” That last comment got him a few laughs.
Dean managed to kill the demon eventually, and maybe he would have been fine even if Cas hadn’t shielded him from the attack, but that’s not a chance Cas is willing to take. Not anymore.
That seemed to get Castiel to stop moving so sporadically, so Dean tried touching his face again, and this time, Cas let him.
"You know how much Dean values your opinion," Cas urges, "Without your blessing, he may not say yes."
Cas shook his head and smiled. Usually, it would bother him when someone tried to change the subject whenever he asked a question, but with Dean, it was almost admirable.
Dean chuckled in response, a bit distracted, but who could blame him? His boyfriend was standing wet and naked in front of him, and Cas was
Sam’s eyes flew open. “Why not?!” he blurted, before closing his eyes once more. “I mean, continue.”
Cas was still staring at Dean’s mouth when a waitress came over to take their order. When Dean licked his lips, Cas looked up (to keep himself from losing his mind –
, until now. Jack hasn’t settled since his morning nap, and when he cries I still don’t know what he wants. I do everything they told us in those parenting classes, Dean, I check his diaper, I play classical music, I carry him up and down the stairs and all over the house, I put him in his playpen, we do tummy time, I fed him and he threw up all over the floor, I --!”
“Way to go, Winchester,” he huffed, wincing as he flexed his fingers to make sure none of them were broken.
Castiel paced as he thought. How was he supposed to explain to Dean that he was abused for six years and didn’t tell anyone about it? Didn’t do anything about it? He didn’t want to do anything now because that would mean he would have to remember – he’d have to reach deep into the crevices of his mind and replay the nightmares he spent months training himself to stop thinking about.
"Sam!" Dean yells, spinning on his heels and marching straight into Sam’s bedroom, just down the hall from his own. He slams open the door, which startles a bleary-eyed Sam, who lets out a yelp and ends up on the floor.
“Dean –,” Castiel began, but Dean was already grabbing his keys and his wallet, and what looked like the list Dr. Henricksen had given him.
a psychic. Contrary to popular belief, the two are nothing alike. Anyway, feel free to sit down and we’ll get started.”
on wearing those atrocious khaki pants with some sort of dress shirt. No clue why, but that’s Cassie for ya.”
“Good, because I think I’ll call you that more often,” Cas replied cheekily. He brushed the dirty blonde hair off of Dean’s forehead. It was getting long. I need a trim.
John Winchester had a quick temper and a drinking problem. Combine those two things, and you got a very unsafe household. Sam grew up with Bobby and Dean raising him, while Dean grew up cleaning up his father’s messes. He was in a dark place for a while, and while he could hide it from Sammy, his uncle Bobby knew him all too well. He started high school with no hope of graduating, but then, he met Castiel.
Dean hated feeling like he needed help, but according to the door that just slammed in his face, Cas wasn't giving him a choice. So he turned on the shower and let it run while he looked for his toothbrush.
Cas is looking at him with a depth that Dean doesn’t even recognize. It makes him nervous and uncomfortable but he can’t bring himself to look away. The weight of Cas’s hand is warm and heavy, and Dean can feel the hairs standing on his arms.
“Oh my god, Dean, that’s amazing! I’ll be over as soon as class gets out, okay? I’ll take the school shuttle. They’ll let me in since I’m your brother, right?”
Dean shakes his head, but then Cas reaches out, puts his hand on Dean’s where it sits on the gear shift.
Cas smirks in the way that makes Dean forget that he’s not human. “Yes, awesome,” he says, and then his eyes shift towards the entrance of the room. “The boy is looking for you. I should go.”
“Okay, fair,” Meg shrugs, “But I don’t think he’s a robot. I’ve seen him smile! I’ve heard him ask how people are doing, like he actually cares, and...” She leans in close to Cas, then whispers, “I’ve heard him ask about you!”
“It’s not… that simple,” Dean muttered, running a hand through his hair. When Sam looked at him expectantly, he groaned and set the bottle of Pepsi he was holding down between his shoes, and then placed his head in his hands. “Alright, alright, I’ll talk if you stop looking at me like that.”
“See, now that we’re all being civil, no one has to get hurt.” Al hid his knife away somewhere under his sweater, “It was nice speaking with you, Dean. Have fun nursing your little boyfriend back to health.”
“No!” Castiel rejected, turning a few heads with his volume. He sighed and pulled Dean down onto a couple of the chairs that were conveniently spread across the walls between office doors.
”- so I think you’ll be just fine. If you’ll excuse me, I’m going to get coffee with Jess.” Sam heads for the door but stares them down before walking out of the apartment. “No sex on the couch, okay? That’s all I ask.”
“Oh, yes. Um, here –.” Castiel pulled out his phone and handed it to Dean to type in his number. Dean took it, seeming quite pleased with himself. After a few seconds, a muffled Led Zepplin began playing somewhere close by. Dean handed Castiel back his phone and rummaged through his own bag, pulling out his phone.
“To do what?” Castiel was having a hard time accepting that Anna would be so disobedient. Those clothes? That hair? Telling lies?
the best-looking mayor the city has ever had. They didn’t nickname him Mayor Handsome for nothing. Even as he talks on his phone, the man exudes power and confidence in a way that makes everyone around him shut up and listen.
“Crap,” Dean said again. He dropped his phone in his lap and covered his face with his hands. He took deep breaths, inhaling slow, exhaling slower, and tried to stay calm. Of course Sam’s old friends would want to come, everyone loved Sam; Sam was the golden boy – friends with everyone, loved by everyone, respected by everyone. Dean was never like that. People liked him, sure, but he wasn’t exactly very good at keeping friends. He still wasn’t sure why Castiel gave him the time of day in high school, but Dean sure was glad that he did.
Dean coughed, “Nothing nothing, I just…” Dean took a deep breath, “I knew, about The Garrison. I knew Lucifer was working for them.”
“Stay with me,” Cas says suddenly, and Dean is so caught off guard that he nearly drops the beer in his hand.
“Well, I know now,” Dean whispers, thumbs caressing the angel’s cheeks, wiping away the tears that have suddenly appeared there. He looks into Cas’s eyes. “I know, and I feel the same way.”
Dean clears his throat and changes the subject as quickly as possible. “Um, thanks, Cas…I guess. Now, Ben.”
“Three? What do you mean three?” Cas imagined who else Dean could have met. He couldn’t have met Gabriel yet. He was a sophomore, and lived on the opposite side of campus.
Dean blinks and his brain comes down from the adrenaline rush. “Honestly?” He starts, “I don’t even know what
He almost hung up, but then Dean grunted on the other line and Cas knew he would probably put his cell on silent for the rest of the night.
Dean thought. The words were too important to be blurted out so carelessly, even if Dean only wanted to reassure Cas that he would truly be okay – that Dean wasn’t going anywhere, no matter what happened next.
He was certain that he had heard the news by now, though. Tragedy had a way of getting around in Baldwin City, Kansas.
“I realized we weren’t even properly recycling,” Cas explains, Dean still too groggy to move and following his movements like a rag doll, “and so I thought that we…”
“I love you,” he says, nuzzling under Dean’s jaw tenderly, closing his eyes once he finds ”his spot” in the crook of Dean’s neck. “You know that, right?”
He swallows with difficulty, trying to get past the lump in his throat. It’s something he’s been gearing up to do, that his therapist encouraged him to try: say the things that he really means, even if it takes more time to actually get past the discomfort. And Cas deserves to hear it, even if he texted it already.
There are lips on his within seconds then, and Dean allows himself to sink in the moment for a few blessed minutes where it’s just him and his sweaty-naked-boyfriend slash angel-of-the-bloody-Lord slash gardener-extraordinaire kissing like there’s no one else on the planet.
“So from then on I only had sex with women. And it’s been a while too. I… Last time was a couple of weeks before my last deployment, so we’re looking at… I don’t know, a year and a half ago at least.”
He tells himself it’s what he deserves. Being faced with the love of his life every damn day and still not being allowed to have him, for eternity.
worried about before. Maybe because you don't really think you'll die from a bad taco when the world is ending around you.
A bunch of episodes later, and an intense rant from Cas about how Ross is a complete assbutt, Dean decides it was time to call it a night.
Sam opened his mouth to say something, but didn't seem to find the words. "Dean… maybe you need some time to adjust to being back."
Cas purses his lips, and crosses his arms but stays silent. Dean wipes his hand down over his face, why did he say
They walk inside the barn and it looks pretty much the same as it did almost thirteen years ago. The sigils on the walls have faded and there's still glass on the ground from the shattered bulbs.
"Sam-Sam what did I tell you? Be careful!" Garth reprimands but the little kid just laughs maniacally and continues to bolt through the room with an inhuman speed.
. A horrible voice in the back of his head keeps whispering that this was Dean’s plan all along, to die in the Empty so he could be with Cas.
They finished their meal in silence, Dean didn't feel like small talking or making lame jokes. He was tired. Heading back to the bunker, they stopped to buy some groceries. Dean waited in the car, took out his phone and started writing a message to Cas. He wrote and erased, wrote and erased. "
close by. This place could be endless, an entire universe in itself. He's really looking for a specific needle in a stack of needles. Did he actually think this was going to work? That he could walk right in, pick up Cas and waltz right back out?
Dean faces his brother and throws his arms up in exasperation, "Sam look, I'm messed up, that can't possibly be news to you."
Dean tells her the whole thing. Jody listens carefully, chimes in with a few questions every time the words get stuck down his throat. It is an out of body experience, he can hear his own voice, but it's not really
He went up from his bed, with a groan. His head pounding from one or seven too many glasses of whiskey last night. The only thing that seemed to keep the nightmares away was to drink himself to sleep. Sam had been nagging Dean non stop about his drinking habits since he escaped purgatory, but according to Dean they were perfectly healthy. Who doesn't need a couple of beers and a few shots of whiskey each day to function?
Cas eyes twinkle and he brushes his fingers over Dean's knuckles. "You did not think you deserved to be saved. You still don't. But saving you was one of the greatest moments of my existence. Saving you changed me."
This is the end people! Thank you so much for reading, the kudos and the comments. It has given me some courage to keep writing, even though this isn't my native language and well.. I'm not a writer. So thank you all! <3
There's a flash and a bang so loud it fills Dean's head with a high pitched screech. They did it, it worked.
Miracle sits in the corridor and whines in front of the door to Dean's bedroom. Just like he did when Dean buried himself into a well of whiskey right after they defeated Chuck. It's different now. Dean won't come out of that door again. The mere thought of that makes Sam's stomach turn.
"I can't do this anymore Dean, you have to talk to me." He has the same look on his face as a kicked puppy.
"So, I hope I didn't interrupt something important between you and Cas?"  Sam asks, side eyeing Dean who's occupied with shredding the cheese.
The tune of Thank You fades out and Dean lets go of Cas' hand to lower the volume. "How about we find a place to catch a few Z's? I'm beat." Cas yawns and nods.
Dean takes a deep breath, braces for impact, ready to flee right back out of the door if needed to. His tongue is stuck to his soft palate, it feels impossible to say even the simplest of words. Then Sam turns around and meets his eyes.
! You think you're just killing yourself with your self destructive shit, but are you really so full of yourself seeing what it's doing to me?"
"What?" Sam pops out from the kitchen, his eyes wide, probably prepared for another apocalypse coming their way.
Sam wants to leave, who wouldn't? He's thirty-seven for fucks sake, still living with his fucked up brother only because he feels obliged to do so.
Dean can't sleep, which is not exactly unusual. He has an uneasy feeling creeping under his skin. He goes through Amara's words to him over and over in his head. What
"Gimme' one of those" Claire says and gestures to the can in his hand and Dean tosses one to her. He rests his back against the counter, one of the knobs on the drawer digs into the small of his back.
"Cas I…" Dean starts, his voice hoarse, he looks over at Cas, whose face is illuminated by the red glow from the setting sun slipping through the boards.
Jody returns at noon as promised and gives him a long lecture about his drinking. The anger simmers in his veins, but he doesn't act on it. It's harder to be angry at Jody, especially since he barged into her house like a stray cat.
Dean kinda wanted to tag along, it's not like John took them to stroll around at zoo's when they were kids. Hell, practically the only animals he's ever seen have been supernatural beings trying to kill him.  But Sam had given him a weird look and left no room for any discussions. Which was odd. But Dean backed down and figured Sam wanted an excuse to go on a cheesy date with Eileen.
She keeps talking about Sam's disastrous attempt at making fish tacos, her car which is in desperate need of some TLC and other abnormally normal things. She doesn't expect an answer from him, and that's a big relief.
"That's not on you. He did what every parent would've done, stayed and helped their kid. He made the right choice, so don't worry about me." He rasps and downs the rest of the whiskey.
Sam explains what's going on and Rowena gasps and sighs and grimaces, dramatic as always. Dean zones out and stares at the syringe in his hand. He loathes the grace floating inside it. It stole his body away from him. Sometimes it feels like Michael is still inside him and will take control at any given moment. His body doesn't feel like his own anymore.
They end the call and Dean can still feel the fear burn like acid in his throat. It doesn't make any sense, hunting is all he knows, it's in his blood and engraved in the marrow of his bones. He doesn't know who he is without a gun or a blade in his hand.
"He saved you Dean, it was his choice, not yours." Jody's voice is compassionate and her hand is resting on his arm.
They're interrupted by Eileen who's carrying a book that is almost the same size as her. "Guys, I think we got something."
you've felt it, haven't you Dean?" The Shadow says with his dad's voice and wraps one hand around his throat.
Dean stares at him for a moment, stunned by the fact the kid wants anything to do with him after all he's done. It's not until Sam kicks his shin under the table he manages to respond, "Yeah, sure thing."
he shouldn't be drinking the way he does. Hell, he's been calling himself a functioning alcoholic for years. It was kind of manageable before hell. Then the nightmares began, making him wake up by his own screams, the dreams so vivid he could taste the blood in his mouth. And then everything in their life escalated and his drinking with it.
Cas breathes in, brings his hand to Dean’s face and glides his fingers on the apple of his cheek carefully, the light stubble covering his skin tingling under the press of his thumb, reminding him what’s real. “Then show me.”
“Do you want to go alone? I could tag along if it makes you feel safer to have someone else with you.”
The entire apartment is silent at that, every single one of Dean’s words hitting Cas front and center. He feels his eyes watering as his heart breaks to his feet but stubbornly holds them back.
Dean fits his lip on Castiel’s again, kissing him gently. Cas huffs into the kiss, still holding on to Dean but apparently still not convinced.
“Shit no-,” he manages to say before carefully removing Cas’ glasses from his nose and drawing him into a hug, both arms wrapped tightly around him and hands running across his back. “No, I’m sorry. I didn’t realize. Sweetheart I’m sorry.”
Progress has been made but fear runs deep within both of them still. Cas can still remember when the mere thought of having Dean like that was just a fantasy he cultivated in the confine of his own brain.
It really isn’t that big of a deal, but Cas knows Dean has been beating himself up over spending so much time at work for the past few months. That’s also part of
“Mhm,” Dean smiles into his skin, pressing one last kiss into the crook of his neck before tucking his face against his back, ready to fall asleep. “Okay. I’m here regardless.”
“Dean? What’s going on?” he manages to ask, tearing himself away from looking at Dean’s body for too long. “What are you doing in here?”
Cas makes his way home then, taking the long road through the park and down the river. He needs the time to sort out his thoughts and try to find a way for him to express everything he has to say to Dean. It’s already dark and Dean and Benny should have made it home by now.
“They’re the last ones,” he says after a moment, his voice impossibly soft as his fingers resume their dance on Dean’s scalp. “8 years ago, when I relapsed. It was easier to inject in my shoulder so Jimmy wouldn’t see. He found me with a needle in my arm because I needed a quick fix, but all that time I had been injecting into the muscle in my shoulder.”
It’s silent for a moment, and bordering the uncomfortable line where Dean doesn’t seem to even want to talk. He averts Cas’ eyes every time they cross.
“Yeah, I mean… not every day, but we would text back and forth a couple of times a month. With my schedule, it’s been hard keeping maintaining any kind of relationships, but Jimmy made it work.”
Dean nods and they get outside. It’s still early and the sun is shining lightly but the air is as cold as it gets for March in Kansas. They walk until they’re alone in some secluded part of the hospital’s park. There, Dean stares at him with all the composure he can summon, but Jimmy has known him a long time. He can see the tear tracks on Dean’s cheek, the way the green of his eyes doesn’t shine with energy as it normally does. How his shoulders threaten to snap with the tension that’s gathered behind his shoulder blades.
Cas burrows closer into Dean’s shirt, tightens his grip on Dean’s waist and Dean feels like he’s been hit by a truck full of emotions at the simple gesture.
Yet it’s here, hands clutching at Castiel’s forearms like he’s afraid to lose himself, that he realizes that kissing Cas feels like coming home.
Beautiful, stupidly handsome Dean Winchester. The only person in the world able to turn him into a big pile of babbling goo with just a smile.
He nods as he gets up, and grabs Dean’s hand as they make their way to the living room. It’s only when they're both comfortably sitting facing each other on the couch, the letter resting in-between them on the blue fabric, when Dean starts explaining.
They make it 20 minutes late, and neither Sam nor Eileen has the heart to call them out on it, because both of them are beaming like actual rays of sunshine, and
The kitchen island is covered in plates. Scrambled eggs, bacon, waffles, pancakes… you name it- it’s there.
“You’re going to catch a cold if you keep going outside barely wearing any clothes,” Jimmy tries to joke, seeing as Cas is only wearing a pair of sport shorts and a t-shirt — it’s only March after all.
alright. He forces himself to look away from Cas' protruding hip bones. How long has he been staring anyway? Probably much longer than what's appropriate. Dean can feel his ears heating up as he meets Cas' piercing gaze. "Uh-huh, yup, definitely," he says and he winces at how high-pitched his voice comes out.
-" he sings quietly into soft disheveled hair. He repeats the song twice before Cas' body finally stills.
Turns out he doesn't need to call Cas, because suddenly there he is, walking down the stairs in the entrance.
There's a rock face along the road and the thought of smashing right into it runs through his mind. Maybe the new Death will carry out Billie's threat of throwing him into the Empty. Then he could find Cas and figure the rest out from there. It's risky, and besides, Baby would turn into a pretzel and that's really an off-putting thought, even if he wouldn't be there to see the aftermath. There are better ways to end it after all.
"You'll see," Dean smirks and his stomach flutters. When he woke up this morning, his head resting on Cas' chest, it all clicked into place. Maybe it had been a subconscious decision when they first left for their little road trip, because why the hell were they even going east to begin with? But now he knew exactly where they were supposed to go.
"Well, I don't want to," Sam swallows hard and tries to blink away his tears. God, why does he have to cry? Dean hates when Sam cries, well he hates when everybody cries, but especially Sam. It's been Dean's job to make sure Sam's okay and he has failed him so many times.
It feels like hours before Sam removes the needle. The vial now filled with blue shimmering grace. Dean is breathing fast and shallow, his clothes drenched in sweat.
Sam loosens his grip around him and takes a step back, still holding his hand on Dean's shoulder, right over the faded scar of Cas' handprint. Sam looks gaunt, with dark circles under his eyes. His cheekbones are more protruding than before and his hair is slick and greasy against his forehead.
When that didn't help, he became desperate, he yelled at him, anything to get some kind of reaction. Now it's the silent treatment, the last thing Sam said was that he won't be around to see Dean slowly kill himself.
Dean heads for the door, he needs to take a breather and get some goddamn peace and quiet. Fuck, he's such an ungrateful dick.
The small flickering light from the rift dies out and Dean stares at the spot where it was not even four seconds ago. Okay. Breathe. He can deal with that problem later.
"I have always wanted you, Dean." All the walls Dean has built around himself shatter and crumble to dust. He leans in and presses his lips against Cas'.
She sits down with the girls and immediately seems to bond with Claire. Dean does not want to think about the trouble they can get themselves into together. But that will be a problem to deal with later.
"So you're God, huh? Should I call you the Lord almighty now or something?" He tries to go for levity, but Jack just tilts his head in confusion.
matter." Cas looks at him so fondly it makes Dean's insides squirm. "Yeah, sure buddy. You too. I mean, uhm, you also matter. You know that, right?" Cas takes his hand in his and smiles and the simmering fear disappears.
"I needed to find some purpose, and I did. Hunting, saving people so they wouldn't have to go through the same thing as I did. Raising the girls, even though I sometimes question my goddamn sanity for doing that." She rolls her eyes and smiles briefly, "And you need to do that, find something to make it worthwhile. Hell, you're
"She's such a little shit" Dean mutters and picks up his own phone, he does a few Google searches before he finds something to send back to her. A drawing of a whiny baby holding a knife. Perfect.
"What if I told you I got a better offer and let Castiel out and the Nephilim granted me eternal silence in return."
It is too dark to see if there's anything closing in on him and he has never felt this vulnerable before in his life. The only thing he can hear is his own pulse thundering in his ears and the rapid breaths leaving his mouth.
"Lemme see it then," Dean dives down and removes Cas' polka dotted socks (where the hell did he get those by the way?) "What the - Did you jam it repeatedly against a fucking
Back in the bunker, Dean started to clean his guns. Taking them apart piece by piece. When all of his guns were practically shining, he started to make some rock salt shells for the shotguns, cause who knew, maybe the next case would be some vengeful spirit. He paid no attention to the fact that the trunk of the impala was full of every type of bullet they could possibly need for the next 3 years. He knew if he let himself relax for just a minute the flashbacks would return with full force. The images that haunted him both day and night. Being tortured in hell, not getting Cas out of purgatory, seeing Sam get stabbed to death by Jake, Bobby taking his last breath. It all seemed to have caught up with him. He felt like his chest was about to implode, like he had a nuclear bomb inside him about to go off.
The kitchen was empty. Sam was probably still sleeping, it had been a long weekend, hunting down what they thought was a lone vampire which turned out to be a massive nest. They were still a bit battered and bruised from the fight.
) to be a huge turn-on. So now he's desperately trying to hide the raging hard-on tenting in his sweatpants. It ends up with him putting a pillow over his crotch and Cas gives him a questioning glance. Dean's face is red-hot and he's afraid it's glowing like a fucking red light in the dimly lit room.
He pulls over for gas in Silver creek. There's a liquor store next to it and temptation wins. He heads back to the car with three bottles of Jack and a beer case. Enough to make it through a couple of days at least. The booze leaves a trail of soothing fire down his throat.
Dean wakes with a jolt, heart stuck somewhere up his throat. He throws himself out of the car and hurls his guts out on the asphalt beneath him.
Dean's attempt of keeping it together fails, and a few tears roll down his cheeks as the end credits roll. He quickly wipes them away with the back of his hand. "I thought this wasn't
With his hands raised, Sam says between yawns, "is there any coffee left?" Dean points to the full pot on the counter, and goes back to scrubbing the pan that was clean fifteen minutes ago. Trying to keep his hands busy to avoid thinking about everyone he failed.
The Shadow interrupts his derailing thoughts by grabbing his wrist, twisting it and the bone snaps with a loud crack that echoes through the empty space. Dean lets out an agonized shout and his vision blacks out.
Things seem to fall in place inside of Sam's head and he goes pale. "No Dean, I can't let you do that, it could kill you."
"Leave, if you can't deal with it anymore, then fucking leave!" Dean yells with a broken voice. He doesn't recall getting up from the couch, but now he's standing leaned in over Sam with his fists curled up.
"You're not him, you're the Empty," Dean chokes out, gripping the blade so tight his fingers cramp around it.
"I tried to make him go back to you sooner you know, but he refused. I should have made him return to you. I'm sorry," Jack looks devastated, bottom lip trembling when Dean meets his gaze.
After drinking one quarter of the whiskey left in the Impala, he can breathe again. The alcohol layers itself like smooth cotton over the throbbing pain deep inside his chest. Dean turns on his phone, and winces when he thinks about Sam, he should call him, let him know he's alive.
Jody scoffs, "Like you could ever stop a Winchester from doing anything stupid, that's kinda your trademark. But there won't be a need for me to look after him, because you will come back and do it yourself."
They are on the way back to the Bunker from a quick salt-n'-burn in Iowa when Sam's phone buzzes in his pocket. He doesn't care to look at it, it's probably Jody texting just to check in. She's been keeping in touch almost every day to make sure he's doing alright. It wouldn't surprise him if Dean told her to do so, even when Dean was facing his own death, his only concern was Sam. Dean's always been looking out for him, being more of a parent to him than John ever was. Dean was the one who made sure he felt safe, always made sure he got up in time for school, made sure there was food on the table when John left them without enough money. A sting of guilt flashes through him, he never thanked Dean enough for everything he did.
The words knock the wind out of him and the shame leaves a bitter taste in his mouth. It's the first time his darkest secret is spoken out loud, he buried those memories years ago, pushed them away. The memories flash before his eyes and it makes him sick.
And Dean shuts off, he can't deal with Sam's disappointment. He stares at his brother, but he doesn't see him. He is somewhere else, back in the dungeon, running away from Death. He hears Cas' voice, saying goodbye for the last time.
Dean burrows his nails in the gaps between the marks Cas' fingers left behind, with enough force to break the skin. Physical pain is much easier to handle than the constant gnawing ache in his midriff.
They settle down on the couch with the bowl of popcorn in between them. It's Cas's turn to pick a movie, and Dean already knows he's going to hate it.
Dean sings along, placing his hand, palm up, on the bench seat between them. Cas immediately takes it, and curls his fingers around Dean's. Cas' hand fits like a puzzle piece in his, making him whole.
The thing they have going on, whatever it is, drives Dean insane. Cas said he loved him, but still he has made no move whatsoever to take their rela-
Being behind the wheel is a bad idea, but since Dean has a Ph.D in bad ideas, he doesn't care. The headlights from the passing cars make him see double, and he is exhausted. Falling asleep behind the wheel would be a first though. But since he's been sleeping less than two hours every night since Cas died, it wouldn't be a surprise.
tried, was ready to exhume the feelings which he buried years ago, only to be interrupted by Jack's return. It's like the universe is trying to send him a message.
"I guess you can't hear me, huh? Prayers probably don't reach the Empty, but I'm on my way, alright? And then, then we can… I dunno man, just hold on for me okay." He whispers as he drags up fistfuls of grass by its roots and then buries his head in his hands.
Dean, on the other hand, is barely holding together with spit and glue. A while back, he walked in on Sam and Eileen checking out apartments up for rent on Sam's laptop. This led to him going on a bender across the state, stopping at every shady dive bar he could find. The only thing he remembers is waking up in a drunk tank in Concordia, wearing someone else's clothes and vomit all over his shoes.
The thing wearing his dad's face laughs, a sound that cuts through the void like nails on a chalkboard. "I'm one of your worst nightmares Dean, so what's the difference really?"
"I'm gonna hit the shower," Dean says and drops his duffel by the bed. He rummages through it for some clean boxers Cas slumps down on the loveseat in front of the TV, yawning like he's about to swallow the entirety of the room.
"Bye Cas! Bye Dean!" Jack says and his voice is barely audible, probably already on his way to see another cool animal. Dean can't help but feel a bit jealous.
Dean moves his head and drives the needle deeper in his neck, "keep going" he hisses through gritted teeth. The pain surges through him once again and he bites the inside of his cheek until his mouth is filled with a metallic tang. It feels like this might actually kill him. And honestly speaking, he doesn't care. At least then he died trying to save Cas. These last few weeks have made something very clear, Dean doesn't know how to live without Cas. He doesn't
hurt like hell. White-hot flashes of pain shoot through his body, fire raging in his blood vessels. The world shrinks down to nothing more than the excruciating pain. Dean doesn't know if he blacks out or if he screams.
"Kids, am I right? So darn wonderful" Garth says, with not even a hint of sarcasm in his voice. Just as Dean opens his mouth to respond, baby Castiel takes a huge bite of one of the books lying on the floor and Garth sighs heavily and gives Dean an apologetic look.
Despite all the pain of hearing the voice of his best friend, it comforts him. There are tiny fragments of Cas left that will never fade. Dean places his hand on his shoulder, it's like an instinct. The bright red scar faded years ago, now it's barely visible. But it is there, the calloused elevation of his skin, perfectly molded after Castiel's hand.
"Cas!" He calls out again, louder this time. Still nothing, not a single thing indicates there's someone or
. Dean can't do this again, have some of him and then lose him once again. Not when Dean finally has accepted the feelings he's tried so hard to ignore for years.
Sam was patient at first, sat by his side in bed and talked softly, helped him to the bathroom when Dean was too drunk to stand on his own two feet, and brought him water to dilute the alcohol in his bloodstream.
but you know what I mean," She winks at Dean and turns on her heel, the red gala gown twirls around her feet.
The tune of some horrible pop song disrupts his thoughts and Cas picks up his phone from the pocket of his jeans.
Dean has lost track of time, it could be days, weeks or months since they defeated Chuck. He doesn't know, and he doesn't care.
"Can you please call Sam? He's driving me crazy. I'm not some mediator, you know that right?" She takes the plate out of his hand and places it in the dish rack.
Cas takes forever to decide, he shuffles through the entire library on Netflix before finally pressing play. It seems to be a cowboy movie, so maybe this won't be too bad after all.
When the dishes are dried and put back in place, Dean walks to room 15. His fist raised and placed on the wood door, but can not bring himself to knock. Instead he stands outside, ear almost pressed against the door to detect any sign of movement in there. Jeez, he really is a creep.
Since Sam didn't seem to think it was that urgent to extract the grace, Dean gets another beer. And another after that and now he may as well go for a third (or seventh? He doesn't know anymore). Anything to fill the aching hollowness inside of him.
Sam practically beams as he runs between the groupings of hunters, giving directions, handing out more books and rambling about lore to everyone who will listen. The same way he did with all of the hunters who escaped from the apocalyptic world. He's good at this.
“No, actually,” Cas shrugs, “Dean and I have been together for more than three years now, we’ve known each other for almost seven, and I think it’s time to take the next step. I love him, and I want him to be my husband.”
“It’s my absolute favorite. I’m tellin’ you right now, if you ever want to bribe me? Forget money – use pie.”
“No, I want to know who almost fucking killed me!” he yelled, so loud his entire body was starting to ache again, but he had to know. “Who did –.”
Once he’s removed the tie, Dean pops the first few buttons open on Cas’s dress shirt, then leans down to suck on his collarbone.
Castiel couldn’t sleep. He turned his head to look at the digital clock on his bedside table. It read 3:51AM. With a sigh, Castiel sat up in his bed. He brushed a hand through his hair a few times and folded his legs so that he was sitting Indian style.
Dean has his hands on his hips as he waits for some sort of explanation. “Cas, whatever you got me, I’m sure I’ll adore it.”
It’s Friday, the last day of school before the holiday break, and Dean expects his first graders to be loud and rambunctious all day. Luckily, school lets out early, so he doesn’t expect it to be that bad. He plans on stopping by the mall before heading home in order to find his husband the perfect gift, or gifts, although he has no idea what to buy. He’s asked Cas’s sister, Anna, for help, and she’s agreed to meet him there.
“You look like one,” was Dean’s reply, but in a few short strides, he was at Castiel’s side, reaching for his right hand and kissing the back of it.
Gabriel raised an eyebrow, but shook Sam’s hand, “Nice to meet you, too, Sam WInchester. Call me Gabe. You’re uh, really tall.”
After finishing his pizza, he chanced a look at Cas and regretted his decision immediately. Cas had just swallowed a forkful of spaghetti and was licking his lips just as Dean looked up.
to take Castiel's towel while he was in the shower, forcing him to run through the dorm hallway stark naked. One time, Gabriel was insane enough to lock the bedroom door on the same day their female RA was doing room checks, and well... Castiel would never forgive his brother for that one.
Cas nodded, making a sound that resembled a response before gathering his things and leaving a moment later.
Dean made a face. “That’s really cheesy, man. I’m just asking you to come with me, okay? I mean, seriously, do you think I’m in any state to be travelling alone right now?”
It’s been a week since they first arrived at Bobby’s, and Ben seems to be feeling significantly better. He’s eating more, sleeping more, and when the TV is on, he actually watches it instead of just staring at it.
“No, he –!” Dean stopped, then, chewing on the inside of his cheek, he mumbled, “Well, he did have a knife –.”
“I’m not complaining,” Kevin replies, and Dean’s tempted to throw his phone at the kid, but instead he fixes him with a look. Kevin rolls his eyes. “Don’t look at me like that, dude, I’ve been alone for too long. Sue me!”
want to go alone. Three months on the road with no one to keep you company probably wasn’t much fun, but it would take a miracle for Castiel to agree to go with him. Dean knew that. But, he was desperate, and so, as he stood in front of the refrigerated shelves of milk, Dean closed his eyes, and prayed for a miracle.
Cas corrects, “Sam says exercise is important, and we should keep our fighting skills up. Sam’s been practicing with Jack, so I thought we could try it, too.”
about my feelings. I deal with…” Dean swallowed before continuing, “with grief, in ways that aren’t recommended, you
Dean thought, snickering. He pulled out his phone and sent Sam a text: Word of advice, Sammy - Never leave your towel unattended in those shitty community bathrooms.
"Where the hell have you been!?" Dean yelled, attempting to sound angry. Because, honestly, it had been almost a year, and
Cas sighed, closed the passenger side door and made his way over to Dean, looking around to make sure no one was staring. When he reached his best friend, he hesitated for a moment before kneeling down beside him and gently placing a hand on Dean’s back. The moment his hand made contact, Dean let out a choked sob, and Castiel’s heart clenched. He didn’t expect this to happen until after the funeral, but apparently the Bon Jovi song had triggered
“Abuse,” Cas was practically whispering now, looking down, but Dean heard him loud and clear, and if he wasn’t already worried, he sure was now.
“I…I don’t want to lie, or withhold information but I can’t,” Dean sighed, “I can’t mention any names; I was threatened.”
Cas’s face lights up, “We’re having a baby,” he says, wrapping and arm around Dean’s neck with a dazzling smile. “This is really happening.”
“I’m stuck on the freeway, traffic is bad because of the rain,” Dean explains, fiddling with the radio in his car to find the the local traffic and weather station, “but I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
“You’re not something to put up with, Dean,” Cas corrects, “You’re the man I love. There’s no one else I’d rather spend forever with.”
Dean swatted it away with his hand as it landed on his mattress. He stopped laughing. “Whoa, what was that for?”
“I’m just getting some air, dammit!” Dean yelled from the doorway before slamming Castiel’s front door shut, and Cas was left alone to clean up the mess. He covered his face with his hands and sighed. He wasn’t sure how long it would take for Dean’s anger to shift into bargaining, but what he truly dreaded was what came after that: the all encompassing depression. After John’s death, Dean started talking again after about four days, smiling and even laughing when they spent time together. Cas thought they were out of the woods then, but he had misread Dean’s positivity as acceptance, when really Dean had been making deals with God, promising to get his shit together if God would find a way to turn back the clock, or just bring his father back. This happened for about two weeks, to no avail. Dean came to the conclusion that praying was hopeless, and fell head first into a pit of depression so deep that he almost brought Cas down with him; Castiel hadn’t been prepared for such a swift shift in mood and tried to help, but ended up letting Dean make him feel depressed himself.
“You’re so beautiful, Dean,” Cas continues, their faces only inches apart, “I hope you believe me now when I say it.”
on Cas, what is wrong with you?” He gets up, feigning disgust, and leaves the den, a confused Kevin not too far behind.
“I’m going to ask you a question,” Dean says, his face only a few inches from the secretary’s, “and you’re going to answer me honestly, okay?”
“I’m not opposed,” Dean said finally, looking away from Castiel, “it’s just… I don’t see why you need to talk to some shrink. You’ve got me, you know?”
Cas’s heart sinks, and he wishes he could take the words back. He wishes he had more of his grace, so he could disappear with a flap of his wings, but all he can do is get out of the car, so he does. He mumbles a quick, “I’m sorry,” then stumbles out of the Impala, walking quickly toward the office to see if he can get his own room. He’s almost to the door when Dean catches up to him, grabbing him by the arm and spinning him around.
“You’re probably right,” Castiel replied a few moments later, his body calm again. He stepped out of Dean’s grasp and took a deep breath. This was
“Hey,” Kevin greeted with a small smile, while Ash gave him a pat on the back as he sat down. Neither of them brought up Cas. They knew better than to pester him about how he was feeling, and Dean would definitely let them know if Cas was doing any better.
Dean flips them over before Cas can finish his sentence. They’re chest to chest as he holds himself over Cas, smirking.
Castiel felt Dean’s hand squeeze his own. He tried to squeeze back, to give him some sign that he could hear him, but his body wasn’t cooperating with his brain yet.
“You know, I usually hate having the FBI in my town,” she says, smacking her gum loudly as she flips through files on the desk, “But you’re a pretty one, so I’ll play nice.”
“No,” Cas interrupts, “You know what you are? You’re brave, and you’re smart, and you’re kind beyond measure. You fight for what you believe in and aren’t afraid to stand up for what’s right. You care about your patients, you advocate for them, you study hard and work even harder. You aren’t perfect, and you make mistakes, but you admit that, and you
“He doesn’t even know you’re hurt! His precious little boy – his pride and joy – is hurt, and where is he? ‘On business,’ always busy…too busy for his own son. Do you even know where he is?”
They fumbled around for about a minute before separating, both breathing heavily. Cas's pupils were blown, his lips were slightly swollen, and Dean could only assume that he looked about the same.
“Second floor is clear,” Sam’s voice comes through the sharply in Dean’s left ear. He looks at Cas, who is making small talk a few yards away. He shakes his head, no sign of the shifter yet.
Thursday, nearing the end of the workday, and Dean has waited all week to make his move. Castiel has been noticeably more nervous around Dean ever since catching him and Ketch together, but Dean doesn’t mind. He thinks it’s cute, really. He hasn’t had a shy boy in a while, and he’s starving.
Dean tapped his pen on the desk, and then put it back in his mouth. Castiel tried not to roll his eyes at him, afraid they’d get stuck if he actually did. “Should we exchange numbers or something?”
“God, I’m so glad you’re okay,” Gabriel said, voice cracking as he gave Castiel a gentle hug. “Is everything alright? Are all your parts working right?”
“Oh, no,” Dean whispered, pulling Cas against his chest. “Don’t let Crowley get into your head, okay? He’s just an asshole professor, that’s all.”
that’d be it, he’d be done for, because Cas would have his heart in the palm of his hands; Cas would be the first thing on his mind in the morning, and the last thing he thought about before he went to sleep every night. Once he said those words, he’d be open and bleeding and vulnerable at all times, ready to be picked apart for the sake of
the cutting. I wasn’t ready, but Dr. Al, he shoved the scalpel into my hand, and told me to figure it out.”
“Hell yeah, I’m nervous,” Dean said, “Aren’t you? Look at him! He’s so fucking calm I wanna throw something.” Dean chewed on a finger nail to keep his composure in check. He didn’t want to freak Cas out, but he couldn’t believe that this was actually happening – they were essentially standing directly across from Cas’s brother, who had almost killed him.
“Dean, you had panic attack,” Cas articulates, continuing before Dean can protest. “I can’t get upset with you for that. I do, however, need to know what triggered it. Did something happen at work?”
“Sorry sorry sorry,” he repeated quickly, shaking his head, “We have to stop, I have – I’m…sorry j-just-.”
He barely has time to exhale and process the situation before someone else is calling his name again.
know, yes, she’s cute. She’s got blond, curly hair, and pretty eyes, and when she laughs, I just…” Sam trailed, smiling, and Dean couldn’t help but be happy for his brother.
“It’s been twelve days,” Dean was saying, “and you still haven’t woken up. And I’ve tried praying – prayed more this past week than I have my whole life – but nothing’s working.”
Castiel wondered why they never spoke about that moment, and then realized that they probably wouldn’t talk about this one either – Cas’s head on Dean’s shoulder, Dean’s lips resting near Cas’s temple, their hands – wait,
to come to the ceremony; his brothers tended to be restless and, frankly, embarrassing. At his high school graduation, Castiel’s little sister Hael had begun to cry just as they called his name. Michael and Raphael had started an argument over whose fault it was, and a large fraction of the crowd became clearly annoyed. Castiel had run off the stage as quickly as possible, but when he looked up again, he saw Dean, with Sam, sitting a row in front of his family, waving and clapping. They didn’t even seem to mind the noise his family was creating, and it was at that moment that Castiel considered the Winchesters to be his family, too.
“Dean?” Cas asked, voice so shaky, he sounded like a terrified child, and it made Dean squeeze his eyes shut.
face, and then Dean remembered that he hadn’t had a burger since the Sunday Cas was attacked. Come to think of it, he hadn’t eaten much of anything since…
Dean made his way to the back of the store where the pharmacy desk was located. The girl behind the counter was reading a magazine and didn’t look much older than Dean.
Sam let out a bitter laugh, “Yeah, and be judged and ridiculed for the rest of our lives? I think not, Dean.”
Dean leads the way through the dining area and down a wide hallway, where the bedrooms are. There’s a spare room across the hall from his that’s mostly empty, save for a few boxes of books and other things they haven’t had the chance to organize yet. He opens the door and flicks on the lamp that sits on a desk to his left. He and Cas step inside, and the floor creaks slightly. There’s a bed and a mattress on the opposite wall that’s already covered with clean sheets. The bedside table holds another lamp and a clock, and there’s a small rug on the floor. The room is a bit smaller than the other rooms, but still large enough to be comfortable.
The purr of Baby's engine when he turns the ignition sends a shiver down his spine. It still feels like coming home every time he sits behind the wheel. God, he has missed this. Making things even better, Cas is sitting next to him in the passenger seat, shuffling through the box with cassette tapes.
The despair turns into raving fury. He takes the lamp on the side table next to him and throws it against the wall, it shatters and glass shards fly through the room. His heart pounds in his chest, with rage in every beat. The books fly out of the bookshelves and he slams his fists into the wall, over and over, tears still flowing down his face.
exactly? His actions have brought the same fear in Jack as he had for his own father growing up. He made Jack alter himself in every way possible to please and get validation in everyone else's eyes. He has put a gun against his head, and not just once. He tried to bury him alive in a box for fucks sake.
He can't stand losing anyone else. So it's not just the thought of his family going on hunts that scares the shit out of him, no, he's even scared of the most mundane stuff. What if Eileen doesn't notice oncoming traffic and gets hit by a car? What if Cas stops breathing in his sleep? What if Sam trips over a rock on his morning run and bashes his head open?
That'll show her. Claire sends back a dozen eye roll emoticons and he grins. His phone pings again right as he's about to put it back in his pocket.
. But if he doesn't think or talk about it, it never happened, right? Slowly wasting away in his pitch black room seems easier.
Claire takes off in her beat up Subaru, rolling her eyes as she waves at them. Dean really has to convince her to get a new car, that piece of scrap she's driving is a goddamn death trap.
"Why don't you help Dean with the dishes?" Cas says, in a tone that can't be described in any other way than
"I hope this will be enough…" Sam says as he inspects the vial. Dean grabs Sam's wrist tightly and Sam gives him a worried look.
. You didn't want to listen, man. Then you said all those things to me before you died. You didn't even give me a goddamn chance to -"  his voice breaks, and so does he.
Jack is beaming when he greets them in the kitchen, his hand stuffed in a box of chocolate Cap'n Crunch.
Cas crawls into bed with him, thankfully dressed in boxers and one of Dean's old AC/DC-tees. Dean rests his head on Cas' shoulder, because yeah, that's a thing they do now apparently. God, this whole situation is confusing. He wants to finish what he started before Jack returned. But the spell had been broken and the words were pushed back in that heavy lidded box deep down in his soul the moment Sam burst through that door.
"I know. I won't be able to forgive him but he doesn't deserve to be stuck in that place. You have to get him back." She looks up at him, and she actually has tears in her eyes.
Dean lays on a bed in the infirmary, staring at the cracked ceiling. If this doesn't work, then what? Then Cas will be gone forever.
"I'm yours if you want me," Dean whispers, barely audible. Cas places his hands on Dean's hips and he melts into the touch.
"Uh-huh," Sam's obviously not believing a word coming out of his mouth. Why does he even bother to ask then?
"I should probably stay here. It hurts when I walk," Cas pouts. Dean has to fight hard to avoid rolling his eyes, sure getting used to real pain must suck, but
Alicia, Max and Sam snaps to attention, gathering closer around the book. If someone had told Dean ten years ago his brother would practically be a witch, he'd probably laughed in their face. But here he is, the wicked witch of Kansas. The Sam-witch.
He pops some painkillers and washes them down with beer, earning him a disappointed glare from Sam, which Dean pretends he doesn't see.
forgave Cas but Cas never got the opportunity to forgive Dean. Not that he had deserved Cas forgiveness anyway. He didn't deserve anything from Cas, definitely not his love.
"I love you," He blurts out as he parks the car outside the bunker and he immediately bites his tongue.
restaurant and not a diner with questionable health code regulations. But not one of those stuck up places with linen cloths and a dress code Lisa always dragged him to. This is more of a fancy burger joint with loads of different beers to choose from. Right up Dean's alley.
Dean's chest tightens and he takes a deep breath, "look you said it yourself when I asked you what was real or not," he pulls himself up to rest on his elbow, "
"Did Claire's text upset you? I promise you, you don't look like a cat." That's all it takes to untie the knot in Dean's stomach,
It feels like a thousand fireworks explode inside of him. Like the lights are shattering above their heads all over again. Like a crack of thunder splits the air and the shadow of Cas' wings illuminates the room. It's like the night they met all over again. But instead of fear and anger he is filled with love. A love so strong it aches in his bones and fills the dark crevices of his battered soul with light.
. You need to be careful, you're fragile now goddammit," Dean grumbles after he retrieved some tape to splinter the broken one with the second toe.
"Do you need anything?" Cas snips and goes back to reading his book. Fuck, this dude really knows how to get on Dean's nerves. Here he is, ready to pour his heart out and Cas decides to be a bitch about it. Great.
The movie is a tragic one, and Dean digs his nails into the palms of his hands to keep himself from crying. Had he been on his own, he would have cried his eyes out. Watching heartbreaking movies is one of his very few healthy coping mechanisms. When the void in his chest can't be filled with bullets, booze or sex, crying his heart out to a sad movie is a good way to go. Sam and Cas don't know this, and Dean would rather be eaten by a ghoul than admit that.
Stumbling back to the bunker after picking up Baby from the impound lot was probably one of the worst walk-of-shame he's ever done. And he's done
He doesn't wait for Sam to answer. Instead  Dean scrambles to his feet, his knees giving off loud cracking noises with every move, "So you can either help me find a way or get off my damn ass 'bout it. Your choice."
puts the weight of the whole fucking world on his shoulders. "Then Amara thanked me for giving her what she wanted the most, and said she would give me the same thing."
Everything turns into an awkward mess. Dean was not prepared for it to be about two gay cowboys, which turns out (
Dean swipes a shaking hand over his face and takes a deep breath. The air is crisp, the clouds grey and hangs low beneath the sky.
He kept scrolling through news sites, but gave up. Slamming the laptop shut and stared at the bookcases in front of him. Maybe he should call Cas? Just to check in. It had been weeks since he had heard anything from him. But where to start? "
Dean takes a deep breath and starts over,"If I'm stuck there, don't try to get me back. Just let it be man, you got some good stuff going on here and I want you to have that, okay? You can do it without me," Dean says and gives his brother, what he hopes is, a reassuring smile.
"Sam I'm just tired of everything. We keep losing over and over, once we solve one apocalypse we get thrown into something worse. And I'm fucking pissed, why does the world always seem to depend on
"It's funny y'know. Most of the time I couldn't even look at him. Like, I've hated him for so long, I
"You're taking off? Seriously?" Sam doesn't even sound angry anymore, just drained. Dean doesn't respond, and he can't make out what Sam yells after him the moment he slams the door shut.
Dean's heart pounds hard enough to break his ribs the whole drive. The gravel cracks like fireworks under the Impala's wheels.
"Food?" She signs and he nods and brings out the leftover pizza which has seen better days. He doesn't care to heat it up, it tastes like ash anyway.
"Gimme' that" Dean snatches the phone out of Cas's hand and inspects it. It's a text from Claire, a picture of a grumpy old cat and the text message reads:
Dean shoots her a pleading look, "just promise me, I need to know he will be okay if this goes wrong. It's not exactly a waterproof plan we got going on here."
"No, we're on a road trip. Enjoy the scenery or somethin' and stop whining would ya?" Dean turns the volume up and drowns out Cas' annoyed groan.
"Well, either you do it, or I get one of them to do it," Dean gestures to the doorway, "and I trust you poking me with a needle more than I trust Claire doing it."
"Dean, we need the grace" Sam says, hovering over a rusty cauldron filled with ten different kinds of weird shit. Dean hands him the syringe and Rowena cuts deep into her hand and lets her blood flow, making the bowl glow purple. Sam empties the grace into the mix and the four witches start chanting something Dean can't even begin to decipher. For a second, Dean could swear their eyes glow purple.
A glass wall is separating Dean from the rest of the world, he can see the women's mouths moving as they talk and laugh, but he can't make out a single word.
"Boy, you're more demon than you are a human. Your soul is charred and flayed beyond belief, it's barely even there anymore. I
hate him. But now that he's gone… I kinda want him back." Claire mumbles between the sips, her eyes fixated on something across the room.
Sam groans and rubs his temples with his fingers, "he cut his finger while slicing apples, I wouldn't call that
The kid really knows how to wound a guy, even though she's probably just messing with him. But the worst part is that she's right. Dean's not been good to Cas. Hell, he's not been good to anybody the last decade or so. He stares at the phone and the dark pit inside his chest sears, burns in every fiber of his body. Dean downs the drink in his hand, it fills the aching hollowness in his abdomen. But it's like putting a bandaid on a bullet wound, the void will always be there, ready to consume him at any given time.
There's a hesitant knock on the door and Dean turns around to face the opposite wall instead. He doesn't want to see Sam's desperate look on his face and hear whatever guilt-inducing shit he has to say.
Cas puts a tape in the deck and a familiar intro rumbles from the speakers. Dean's grip on the wheel tightens for a moment. Dean shoots a glance at him, Cas' features are soft, relaxed. His hands are strumming a staccato against his jeans-clad thighs. The moonlight lights up the car and reflects in Cas' blue eyes.
how he feels. He's been cooking, held him through his nightmares, tried to take care of him when he's been getting himself hurt. But maybe this is all Cas wants. And if that's the case, Dean's content with it. As long as Cas stays with him.
needs something to take the edge off the massive chaos going on in his head. With a well-filled glass of whiskey, he heads back to Cas who is still on the couch, looking at something on his phone.
Dean walks up the hill that's covering the bunker and sits down in the tall grass. Dean used to find Cas sitting here, looking at the sky or mumbling things in Enochian with his eyes closed. He always seemed to be so peaceful here.
He scrambles up from the floor and nearly knocks Eileen over in his rush to get out of the room. With hurried steps and his pulse thundering in his ears, he burst through the door to Cas' room. Cas is sitting in his recliner, a book in hand and a steaming cup of tea on the side table next to him. He looks startled at first before his expression hardens.
Baby takes him north, out on highway 281. For a brief moment he considers turning off his phones, making it harder for Sam to track his location. But fuck it, Sam is probably happy Dean is out of the bunker. Walking out on his brother, something he never thought he would do, but here he is. Acting just like his dad.
Instead of seeking up Cas and tearing him a new one he heads for the firing range, shooting stuff always calms him down. Though filling a werewolf brain with silver would be more satisfying than a piece of cardboard, but hey, he takes what he can get.
Dean tries to swallow the lump stuck in his windpipe, unsuccessfully. "C'mere," he gestures to Jack and wraps his arms around him, the lanky kid melts in his embrace.
again. Well, as normal it can be in the life of a Winchester. Eileen decides to try and break the brothers by telling the dirtiest jokes she knows and Dean laughs for the first time in weeks. The guilt hits him immediately and it grows to a smoldering abyss in his abdomen.
Judging by the soundless movements it's not his brother entering the room, it is Eileen. She's been staying with them ever since Jack brought back everyone Chuck erased. Sam doesn't want to let her out of his sight again, afraid that she might cease to exist if he does.
Dean traces his fingers over the curves of the bottle and tears start to well up in his eyes. His knees give in and he falls to the floor, he rests his head against his knees. He allows himself to break. The grief rips through his body like an earthquake.  His lungs are about to implode,
Dean walks towards the rift, he looks over his shoulder, looks at his makeshift family who all dropped everything to come help him. He smiles and takes a deep breath and steps into the rift.
He watches all the hunters from where he stands, scattered around the bunker, drinking beer and going through tons of lore. He can't help but to feel guilty, they're all here because he screwed up his chance with getting Cas back.
"You don't have to wait up for me, go to sleep if you're that tired." Cas shoots him an annoyed glare, "I want to shower too, so please hurry."
"I know he's here, he made a deal," Dean snarls and pushes the blade harder against the entity's throat "so now, you bring him here and let us out or I'm going to bug you for the rest of eternity."
"Dean, just give him some space," Sam says the moment Dean is on his way to stomp out of the library to follow the infuriated Cas.
He should be filled with rage, he should be ripping the fabric of the entire universe apart to get Cas back, he should do
"I am the queen of Hell Samuel, I can do whatever I want. And it happens that your wee girlfriend had the two
He twists and turns in his sheets and he can't stop thinking about what Cas is doing right now. The guy doesn't sleep, so will he just stare at the wall the whole night? For a brief moment he considers asking Cas to spend the night in his room, because why not? Dean and Sam shared a room for fifteen-plus years, so if Cas and him spent
When he goes to bed that night, he does so with the green jacket next to him. With his hand wrapped around the bloody handprint.
in the same room, it wouldn't be weird. Thanks to the Djinn-induced reality he knows how good it feels like to sleep next to Cas.
Cas has a towel loosely slung around his hips, water still dripping from his hair and running down his bare chest. Has he always been this…
"The guy said it might help us" She flips through the delicate pages until she finds what she's looking for, "here!" She says and signs along, smiling widely.
"Dude, if you're gonna stick that thing in me you should really get your shaking hands under control"
Cas hasn't been up yet. Dean snuck out of the room around 5 am, after staring at the sleeping Cas for hours. Like every other night, Cas had been haunted by nightmares, thrashing around in the sheets. Dean hadn't dared to touch him, even though he wanted nothing more than to thread his fingers through the dark hair resting on the pillow, or to softly press his lips on the worried crease between Cas' brows.
"Fuck!" He hisses through his teeth, he drops the scalding hot paper bag on the floor, it's only a tiny blister on his index finger, but
They both flinch when the door suddenly swings open and Sam bolts in, with a smile going from ear to ear.
The nightmares take turns on waking him up, with a scream on his lips. The solution is always more booze, but the bottle is empty and getting up from the couch is out of the question. The entire room is spinning and his head feels like it's filled with wet sawdust.
"Something tells me Sam is actually right on this one," she signs back and smiles apologetically. Dean throws his arms up in vexation and glares at the both of them.
on a hunt'," Jody rolls her eyes, "Alex is working and Patience is in school, so we have the house for ourselves, at least for now."
Hearing Cas' voice again feels like getting electrocuted. A shockwave of pins and needles shoots through his body. Instead of crushing the phone to a million tiny pieces, he listens to it so many times he loses count. Self-torture at its finest.
And why in the hell does this turn him on so much? It's not like it's porn or anything, and he's seen so much porn he's basically desensitized by now. He can't take his eyes off the screen, but in his head, it's Cas with the cowboy hat, the two of them in a tent out in the middle of nowhere. And that imagery is
While Cas and Eileen help Jack set up his room, Dean starts dinner, he goes with a classic; mac'n'cheese. One of the first things he ever learned to cook, before he  was even tall enough to reach over the stove. Well, maybe
Cas puts his hand on Dean's arm and squeezes it lightly, "It is okay to want things for yourself too"
"I love you." Dean draws a sharp breath, for a second he's convinced Cas is going to be devoured by black goo again. But nothing happens. He presses another chaste kiss against Cas' lips.
"Jode's, if I don't come back, look after Sammy for me okay? If something happens to me, he needs you guys. Make sure he doesn't do anything stupid."
The cavalry of hunters manages to find all the ingredients needed for the spell. Dean doesn't ask how, since the stuff is pretty obscure even by their measures. The only things left now are the grace and the blood.
Dean drank himself to sleep that night as well, just like he had been doing for the last couple of months. But the nightmares came anyway. In the dream he was running, trying to get to Cas who was pinned against a tree by a leviathan, Cas looking at Dean with a desperate look on his face. But Dean couldn't get to him in time, it seemed like he ran in slow motion. Right as the leviathan killed Cas, he woke up. Sweating, heart racing in his chest.
Everything in the Bunker reminds him of Dean. The kitchen is organized in the way Dean liked it, the cups, color coordinated in the right cabinet, the plates in the left. His robe is still hanging on one of the hooks in the bathroom, his stupid hot dog pajamas is in the dryer and Sam can't bring himself to take it out.
After a while, he falls  asleep in the backseat of the Impala, put to sleep by the lullaby of booze flushing through his bloodstream.
he want most of all? He has no freaking clue. Months have passed since Amara made that promise, and everything is exactly the same. Maybe he already
Cas turns around and faces him, with eyes red and puffy from all the tears. They're so close, their noses are almost touching and Dean can feel the warmth of Cas' breath on his lips. He swallows hard, this is about a hundred miles outside of his comfort zone.
"I looked through the archives, there's not much lore on the Empty or if there's even a way to get to it. Nick kinda managed when he tried to get Lucifer back, but you'll need the blood of the thing you want to summon… and the only blood we got is from your jacket, and that probably won't be enough for the spell."
"Let me" Cas who apparently has been watching him from the kitchen doorway, walks up to him and grabs his hand.
Dean holds Cas through the sobs that rips through his body. Then Dean's brain decides to go fully offline and he starts to sing. He starts to fucking
Dean went back to his room, pulled out his booze stash he hid under his bed and opened a bottle of whiskey. He drank straight from the bottle, felt how the burning liquor untied the knot in his stomach.
Cas ignores him, and he wraps his hand around Dean's wrist. Dean feels the familiar wave of heat flowing through his veins as Cas's grace heals him. The blister is gone in an instant, but Cas doesn't let go. Another pulse of warm energy and the dull ache in his bad knee goes away, then another one which melts the tension in his shoulders. Dean has to lean against the counter for support. It's like his nerve endings have caught on fire.
Not avoiding one another though, quite the contrary, they seem to be no more than eight feet apart at all times. Dean has this annoying habit of freaking out whenever Cas doesn't immediately respond whenever he calls out for him. Yesterday he completely lost it, looking through the whole bunker while yelling at the top of his lungs, before realizing Cas was in the shower.
Dean huffs, "I dunno man. I mean, I don't know anything else. That's what I do. Saving people, that's what I'm good at, I'm just… ah it doesn't matter anyway."
"No! C'mon man, get over here. Let's sleep," he slaps the space next to him on the bed, a bit too hard to be casual. If he could act normal for once in his life, now would be a great time.
"How the fuck would I know? You're the… what did you call it? Multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent, Shouldn't you know what the cosmic entity meant?"
Cas adjusts himself on the couch, ending up really close to Dean, their thighs are brushing against each other, and Dean holds his breath. Jesus christ, he's a soon to be forty year old man and he's acting like a teenager on prom night.
Dean coaxes the limping Cas out of bed with a promise of freshly brewed coffee and pancakes, which seem to lighten his mood slightly. Always something.
The corner of Rowena's mouth twists and she raises her eyebrows. "Well shall we save that pretty angel of yours so you can set this straight once and for all? Or maybe not
The atmosphere in the room grows so thick Dean could probably slice through it with a knife. He curses himself over and over. Is there a spell to give him the ability to think before he speaks? Maybe he should call Rowena about that. On a more positive note though, the strained atmosphere solved the situation in his pants rather quickly.
Dean's been gone before. And Sam managed to live a whole year without him when Dean got stuck in purgatory. Well, if diving head first into a relationship with someone as broken as you can count as
A shout goes up from Sam’s chair. “Hi! Give me a second to set up,” he says, trying to both hold his phone up and sign at the same time.
“You have nothing to be sorry for,” Dean said softly, planting a chaste kiss on his lips. “You did good, alright?”
"Of course," Dean slides off the bed and walks toward the bathroom. When he reaches Cas, he cups his cheek with one hand and kisses him, slowly.
“I don’t know where I’ll go from there – everywhere and nowhere, I guess. But I’m taking Baby and I’m just gonna drive. All summer.”
"God dammit!" Dean shoves himself away from the table and it falls over, the newspapers landing on the dirty carpet floor, along with Sam's fresh cup of coffee.
“Yes, Dean?” she replies, taking the book from Dean’s hands and sitting it back on the counter. She opens it and begins to flip the pages, trying to find her place, Dean assumes.
Dean stares at the pan in his hand for a moment before looking up at a Cas. “So you don’t want…any of this.”
Dean still can’t remember if he kissed back or not. All he remembers is being speechless and dizzy the entire drive back to his apartment. He remembers telling Sam, and then regretting it immediately. He remembers Sam grinning stupidly, and making Sam swear not to bring it up.
“Hey, Benny, I want you to meet Cas,” Dean said, practically shoving Cas into Benny. Benny put a hand out. Cas shook it, trying not to look as uncomfortable as he felt.
“Why? What do they want me to do, confirm that it’s him? They still have my phone, don’t they? To match his voice?”
Dean hangs up and makes his way out of the car and to his front door, thankful that the rain has stopped. The house isn’t huge, but there’s a garden in the front, and a yard in the back, and it’s enough space for the three of them. Sam and Eileen live a few blocks away in one of the newer properties in the neighborhood. They moved as soon as they could once they found out they’d soon have a nephew, wanting to be closer to family.
“His appointment? He… oh, wait…” Dean smacked his palm against his forehead. “Shit! That’s in…” he glanced at his watch again, “in an hour and it takes like half an hour to get there –.”
He gets up, showers, brushes his teeth, and dresses, as per usual. He’s pulling on a flannel when there’s a knock at his door.
“Here ya go,” Dean says stiffly, handing over the clothes, “They’re probably too big, but they should do. Let me know if you need anything, alright?” He turns to leave when he hears his name again.
“It is, yes,” Cas responds with a nod. She’s wearing her outfit from the day before, sans the trench coat, and Dean realizes that she could probably use some new clothes.
Dean raised a brow, eyes flashing with mischief. “Are you trying to get a rise out of me? Because let me assure you, you got a rise out of
Dean pulls the angel into a hug, wrapping his arms around his shoulders. Cas returns the embrace, his arms settling tightly around Dean’s waist. They stay that way for a long moment, and Dean finds himself not wanting to let go.
“Okay, but you studied for this procedure, right?” Cas remembers Dean staying up a little later than usual, going through his textbook and research print outs with a highlighter. “You knew what to do.”
Dean moved out of the way, dropping Castiel’s hand, and he immediately missed the warmth. “Get over here, you menace,” Cas said to Gabriel, smiling and waving him over. He’d have to continue his conversation with Dean later. For now, he was just excited to see his little brother.
Cas looks like he’s about to die of embarrassment but is still unsure what to do, so Dean turns the heat up.
Dean thought. He walked through a couple isles looking for scar cream, choosing the first one he saw. The heat/cool patches, though, came in every shape and size imaginable.
“Yeah, and I’m Dean, short for I’m-gonna-kick-your-ass. Enough with the pleasantries, I wanna know why you wanted Cas dead. Where’s Lucifer?”
Book an appointment at the spa you love, grab Charlie and visit that bee museum that makes you all giddy, just get out of the house, okay? You need a break.”
Before Dean could respond, Castiel was walking out of the front doors on the diner and heading toward the Impala. Dean almost ran after him, afraid of losing his new friend, but instead, took a deep breath and calmly followed him outside.
The guy’s face suddenly went all too calm, and a lazy smile appeared on his lips. Dean felt something cold and sharp press against his abdomen, and the man spoke, voice low and rough. “Back up, or I’ll gut you right here.”
Castiel’s heart sunk. Another funeral for yet another Winchester, and Dean was the only one left. Cas was about to ask when the funeral was, but Dean spoke up again.
“Alright, I yield, or whatever,” Dean wheezes, his body protesting against supporting the weight an entire angel, and when he opens his eyes, Cas is panting, and chuckling.
True to his word, Sam had dropped Ruby back at her house a full two hours before the dance ended. He texted Dean and said he was on his way. Dean was at Castiel’s for the night, in case Sam changed his mind and decided to bring Ruby back with him. He told Sam he’d have the place to himself, put his phone on silent, and passed out on Cas’s couch.
Cas squints at the both of them, and Dean ignores the part of his brain telling him how cute she looks when she does that. “I
“Darling, I planned a proposal tonight, you accused me of cheating on you,” Cas deadpans, “We are going to talk about this.”
“Cas!” Dean barked. He must have been calling his name for some time now. “Where’d you go, man, you okay?”
Tattoo removal was another thing. It was illegal, but Dean didn’t understand why something like that had to be enforced. Well he did – underground removal businesses. But Dean thought those were stupid. Why would anyone want to
“I’ll reschedule, okay? They don’t need me, and all my younger siblings are in school until June anyway. Mom will have Michael and Raphael to boss around.”
He kept up this routine for about eight months before he finally decided he’d had enough of the adventure that life without wings had to offer.
will do that to a person,” Castiel growled, turning his head slightly to look at his brother. “Is that all?”
“Yeah, yeah, whatever,” replied Dean, wiping his mouth with a napkin from the dispenser on the dining hall table. “Now, the girl. Spill.”
“He’s what?!” Cas hadn’t waited for an answer before he jogged over to the scrap yard, the sound of clanging metal getting louder as he got closer. The scene that appeared in front of him made him gasp.
“Why?” Castiel asked aloud, “I don’t… I didn’t… Why?” Tears filled his eyes and he felt Anna’s thin fingers wrap around his own.
"No!" Cas answers, a bit too quickly for Dean’s liking, but he’d rather not piss Cas off again, so he doesn’t push.
“I can come with you,” Dean suggested, his voice soft, “You don’t have to go alone. I won’t make you go alone.”
ass. Dean wondered if Cas was a runner in high school. Cas Jr. wasn’t lacking, either, but when Dean had commented, Cas had actually slapped him. Dean had tried to hide his amusement, but failed miserably.
“Glass,” Cas answered from the small kitchen on the right. “You broke some of my picture frames. I got glass in my hand cleaning up your mess.”
Dean was right. Castiel sighed and tried to relax, scooting closer to Dean. He opened his eyes to see that they were face to face, so close that Castiel could count the freckles that peppered Dean’s nose and cheeks. The sight filled him with a warm feeling that spread all throughout his chest.
Cas nods again, suddenly unable to use his words. He waves Arthur Ketch over and ushers him into the office.
“I can’t?” Crowley replied, “That’s funny, because I think I already did. You don’t have to take the exam, Ms. Bell, but I suggest that you do.”
“Uh,” Dean set the textbooks down on the table and glanced at his watch, “8:37, so we’ve got like 20 minutes, relax. You won’t be late to class.”
“A nice man let me stay in his motel free of charge,” Cas replies, “He even gave me some money to buy food and other necessities.”
BLESS ALL OF YOU. Sorry for the wait, college makes things a struggle. I hope you enjoy this chapter! It's emotional.
blue. Dean's eyes travel down his toned legs and he notes the 3-inch heels on his feet. He looks back up and they lock eyes once more.
“Good luck,” Jo said as they passed her, “I’m glad they found the bastard. Life in prison would be generous for him.”
Cas stopped walking and tilted his head, “They hardly fed me anything, Dean, I was on an IV most of the time. Why, am I too heavy?”
“You’re my best friend,” he said, moving his hand to rest at the crook of Dean’s neck. “That’s my job, isn’t it?”
“Please. That man may be a cop but he’s as soft as a feather pillow when it comes to me” Meg winks. “I’m an only child with divorced parents. I’ll get anything I want until the day he keels over.”
“I’ve hurt you so much already,” Dean whispered, still looking down. Castiel was surprised when he heard him huff out a laugh. “This… this whole thing is crazy,” Dean continued, “and half of me wants Lucifer or one of his goons to show up and try something again, just so I can kick their ass.”
“It’s as if you are just messing with us for your own pleasure. You’re supposed to be teaching us, Professor, not torturing us.”
Dean sat in class Monday morning, half asleep and incessantly checking his phone. He had spent the night at the hospital, scrabbling to finish his assignments, and only got a few hours of sleep before he had to get to his first class of the day. Dr. Henricksen had promised to get in touch with Dean if there were any changes. A week had gone by, Cas was still unconscious, and the police were no closer to catching Lucifer. After Dean had shared the voice mail with the sheriffs assigned to Castiel’s case, they went to work immediately, using voice recognition software and criminal records to track the men who hurt Cas. As expected, Lucifer had a record a mile long. From 18 to his current age of 27, he had managed to get picked up for selling and distributing illegal substances, and was even suspected of getting a few people killed along the way. He’d already been to jail many times, all over the country. But there was no recent activity on his record, and the Sheriff Mills told Dean that unfortunately, Lucifer could be halfway across the country and out of their reach.
Oh, great,” Dean mumbled, covering his face with his hands. He wanted this to be over just as much as Cas did, but apparently, fate had other plans.
Dean awoke to Castiel whispering on the phone. By the amount sunshine peeking through the blinds of the window above Dean’s bed, he could tell that it was still early. It was Friday, he remembered. Doesn’t Cas have class soon?
Turns out, they’re hunting shapeshifters who shift into rich townspeople, throw extravagant parties to lure other people in, and snatch up whomever they have a grudge against. They aren’t sure why, but it ends tonight.
Dean’s heart sinks a bit in his chest. “Son of a bitch,” he mutters, wiping a hand over his mouth. “But you’re okay, right? Did you get hurt?”
After arranging his things and making his bed, took out his wallet and pulled out a picture of him and his brother Sam, a freshman this year, and another of him and his mother, who had died in a fire when he was four.
“Hey, I have plenty of style!” Dean defends, too quickly, so he clears his throat and stands taller, “But uh, yeah, usually. But you’re stuck with me. That a problem?”
“Please,” Castiel agreed, and then looked toward the Sheriff. “I’m ready to see him – to see Lucifer.”
Dean is speechless. He’s got a few records, sure, but the whole damn collection? It’s not something he ever needed, but now that he has it, he wonders why he didn’t get it himself ages ago. Somehow, though, getting it from Cas means so much more.
He knew Sam was giving him an out, a chance to walk away and play it off as a prank. But Dean also knew that he had to tell
“Well that’s just it. I sleep for like twelve hours, now that I can actually sleep though the night. I’m full of energy at this time, so I get up.” Dean shrugged again. “But if it bothers you I can -.”
"And teach him how to defend himself while you’re at it," Bobby adds. "If the boy’s ever gonna be safe with you two idgits, he should at least know how to manage a solid left hook."
Dean starts to protest, but Cas just kisses him again before backing away to close the door in his face. “And no eggs! Even thinking about them makes me feel sick all over again.”
Cas looks down at himself for a moment, but when he looks back up, he’s smiling, too. “All good memories, I presume?”
The moment the words are out of his mouth, Dean knows he needs to get out of there, and fast. He looks at Cas, ready to brush it off as a joke, a fluke, a figure of speech,
Dean pulled his book bag over his shoulder and made his way out of the lecture hall. It was still warm in late September, although it was officially fall. Since he didn’t have too much time before his next class, he decided to text Sam and find out what he was up to. Ever since Sam told him he was worried about him, Dean made an effort to be more present, even if he would rather lie in bed until Cas decided to
From Bobby S.: All’s been taken care of, no need to worry. Hospital called Monday, morgue called Tuesday, they’re keeping him till the day before the funeral. Saturday the 14th, after schools out. Sound good? Impala should b ready by the 12th.
“You know, since we’re lab partners. I assume we’ll have to do some work together, outside of class, so.”
“I am, indeed, sure,” Castiel replied, placing one hand on the side of Dean’s neck. The gesture surprised Dean, but he found himself leaning into the touch. Cas’s blue eyes were locked onto his, and Dean had to remember to breathe. “I’m going with you.”
“Dean, baby, what is this about?” Cask asks gently, reaching out to Dean. This isn’t the first time Dean’s had a panic attack like this, so he’s careful, as to not scare the other man away. To Cas’s surprise, Dean latches onto him like a lifeline, allowing Cas to pull him against his chest as he starts to cry.
“Delinquent,” Cas muttered, a smile pulling at the corner of his lips. Dean frowned as he opened the door for him.
“Oh, so you’re just gonna assume I’m okay with you sitting with us?” Dean sneered, but Castiel could tell he was only making fun.
From Bobby S.: Oh, and they got Sam here early this morning. Everything’s set up for tomorrow. Some of Sam’s old friends are coming, just a heads up. C U soon.
“How could I possibly forget that your brother is dead? You think this week has been easy for me, Dean?”
“Please, call me B. It’s much simpler, and you’re sure to pronounce it correctly.” Baltha – B, winked. Dean didn’t know what to think of it, so he busied himself with stuffing his keys into his pocket. The Brit spoke up again before walking back into the storage room, “Feel free to roam about the shop if no one’s buying things. We usually get students from the university coming here for a quiet place to study. I don’t mind if you bring school work, either.” Then, in a sing-song voice, he added, “As long as the cus-tom-ers aren’t com-plain-ing, neither am I.”
"Dean, come on. I couldn’t miss this!" Cas takes off the hat and tosses it to the floor, and then smiles brightly. "What kind of friend would I be if I didn’t buy you a pie on your birthday?"
“Someone’s impatient,” Lucifer snickered, tilting his head again. “I’ve missed you, brother. Is that not reason enough?”
“Hey,” Tessa said quietly, placing a hand over Dean’s, “I don’t need to know. Let me get these filled for you, okay?” she smiled, and Dean smiled back.
Cas was sitting, shirtless, on the Impala's trunk as he blew out a puff of smoke, wincing slightly as Dean wiped at a small cut on his abdomen.
He tries to cast an innocent glance at Cas's crotch to see if the movie is affecting him the same way, but can't get a good look without staring like some kind of freak.
"Can you be a bit more specific?" Dean croaks and tries to ignore the anxiety brewing in his abdomen.
. Looking back on it, he was just clinging on to the first person he could find because he was scared shitless to be alone.
The waitress flirts mercilessly with Cas and the jealousy leaves a bitter taste in Dean's mouth. But Cas is as clueless as always and only seems to have eyes for Dean, which is both reassuring and makes his face heat up like a furnace. Blushing more than he did the first time he got to second base with a chick back when he was a freshman in high school.
"Of course. We're soon crossing the border to Illinois. Dean won't tell me where we are going." Now it's Dean who rolls his eyes. Passive aggression, real classy Cas.
Sam is sitting in the war room, head ducked down over some old book. Dean takes a moment and observes his brother. Sam looks thinner, hair longer than ever, and probably hasn't shaved in a couple of days. Honestly, he looks just as crappy as Dean does.
Cas mostly stays in his room and only comes out to eat whatever Dean decides to cook for him. So far, he has found out Cas likes lasagna, chicken stir fry and waffles while anything involving fish makes him gag. The stove in the bunker has probably never been used this much since it was installed .
- no. There's no chance in hell. Dean brings the tip of the blade up to John's neck, pressing lightly.
"What's going on?" Eileen signs, walking in from the war room, a duffel bag hanging over her shoulder.
", Sam grabs Dean and takes him into his arms, he tries to struggle, but Sam's tight grip around him leaves no room for putting up a fight, and he gives in. He can't hear anything besides the blood pumping in his ears.
"No you're not. You still blame yourself for everything that has happened, and I know you still blame me, and I do too, I should have looked for you" Sam said. His voice dripped of guilt.
Sam and Eileen insisted on taking Jack to the zoo in Topeka after they watched Madagascar 2 during their last movie night and he desperately wanted to see a real life zebra.
"I don't know what to do anymore," he signs, he wants to look away, but knowing his ASL isn't exactly flawless, he has to give her the possibility of reading his lips too.
. He has no fucking clue about what really happened in the dungeon, what led up to Cas being swallowed by the Empty.
"Sam!" Dean yells as he busts through the door and almost stumbles down the stairs, the eyes of a dozen hunters are on him immediately.
"Yea yea buddy, it ain't dinnertime yet." Dean mumbles to Miracle who watches his every move, with his tail thumping against the concrete floor.
Krissy shows up a bit later, with an impressed expression on her face as she takes a look around the Bunker. She greets Dean with a punch on his shoulder, which will probably leave a bruise. That kid is
The pages are black and thin. The letters almost seem luminescent, he's never seen anything like it. And he's seen a lot of weird books through the years.
Dean walked restlessly around in the bunker, trying to find a way to make time go by a little bit faster. Ever since returning from purgatory he had kept himself busy, hunting non stop to keep his mind occupied. He opened his laptop, looking for a case while sipping his coffee. He resisted the temptation to pour some whiskey into the mug. A few hours went by, Dean scrolled through every news site he could find without any luck. No strange deaths, no cattle mutilation or electrical storms, nothing that seemed to be their kind of weird.
"I know everything about you Dean. I can see right through you. You're a disappointment to everyone around you. How many times did Sam die because of you? Because you dragged him back into the life he never wanted? And don't get me started on the angel, he sacrificed himself for you how many times? And you repaid him how? By kicking him out, screaming at him,
"Hello," He smiles and waves a sticky hand in their direction. Cas almost smothers the kid in a bone-crushing hug. Then Jack's gaze drifts to meet Dean's. Dean shifts awkwardly on his feet, not knowing how to approach him. What do you even say to a three year old turned God who you tried to kill on multiple occasions? Who looked up to you and you betrayed, over and over.
Dean really wants to call Cas, his fingers are hovering over his name on the phone, aching to press the green button. He chickens out, because Dean Winchester is a coward.
Cas gives him an annoyed glare and Dean slaps his shoulder before picking up the bag of popcorn off the floor, "Come on, we got movies to watch."
"Okay, you're okay," Dean soothes. It feels like he's comforting a child, not an antediluvian ex-celestial being wearing the body of a middle-aged man. He used to do this when Sammy was a kid, and cried about Dad's drunken outbursts, them moving away (again), or when the other kids in school teased him.
Dean gets up to get more beers, but they are out. Sam had promised to do the grocery shopping this week, and it seems like he decided to get a shitload of kale instead of beer. He puts a bag of popcorn in the microwave, because Sam is not here to roll his eyes at Dean's dinner choices.
Another sting of jealousy pierces through him, because why didn't Cas call him? Cas always calls Dean. Not Sam.
"Don't start crying on me old man," she bumps her hip against his, but she stays close and Dean wraps his arm around her. Surprisingly, she lets him.
listen to it. Dean's heart rate speeds up and an unfamiliar feeling sets in his gut. But not in an uncomfortable way, no instead it feels like butterflies fluttering around. What has happened to him? He's become a goddamn sap.
"You can't keep me here, I'm human" Dean hisses and the Shadow twists his wrist even further back and fucking laughs. The pain is so intense everything else ceases to exist.
for help with cooking, that's the day you should take me out back and put me out of my misery," Dean grumbles, "but you can make some of that rabbit food you like, 'cause I ain't touching that shit."
Sam takes a shaky breath, "Ok, here we go then." The needle pierces through the skin right under his jaw. And Sam was not exaggerating, it
the wrong thing to do. It's not like Dean has a good framework figured out for how to console anyone. His usual method involves beer and guns. So he begins to shuffle away and that finally gets Cas' attention.
But instead, Dean laid flat on his back, wallowing in his own guilt and anguish. All he could think about was how he poisoned everything and everyone he ever touched. The thoughts were suffocating. He had to get out of there.
John laughs again and his eyes bore into Dean's, "what would Daddy say if he knew who you really are Dean? Daddy's little soldier, his
They end up back on the couch, watching Friends and arguing about who's their least favorite character. It has been a long time since Dean had a full day off like this. He doesn't even remember when he spent a whole day on the couch. Since the whole almost-apocalypse-sibling-quarrel between Chuck and Amara, they had been on hunts non stop. Mostly because Dean goes insane when there's more than a couple of days of doing absolutely nothing. He doesn't need a shrink to tell him it's an escape mechanism to avoid dealing with his feelings, he's perfectly aware of that. But he wouldn't mind more days like this, him and Cas doing whatever they feel like, without having to stop one apocalypse after another.
She flips him off and Kaia, who's sitting next to her, bites her lip and smiles. When Kaia notices him looking at her, she tenses up and her eyes widens for a second. Dean's heart clenches and he feels sick. She's scared of him, and she has every right to be. He put a fucking gun against her head the first time he met her. He storms off to the kitchen, downs two beers in quick succession and pops the cap off a third one. All these kids who never got a chance only because he was close enough to screw up their lives completely.
He's going to make it up to him. To all of them. All he wants is for them to be happy and safe. That is all he needs.
"Your turn, buddy," Dean says and points to the bathroom. Cas rises from the couch and shuts the door behind him.
The week that follows Cas' return is strange to say the least. They haven't talked about the things Cas said before the Empty took him. Dean gets nauseous just thinking about it, which is all the damn time because the words echo through his head over and over like a broken record.
He cradles Cas' cheeks between his hands and rests his forehead against his. Cas' breath hitches and his eyes flutter shut. All that can be heard are their shaky breaths.
"You woke me up Dean, you disturbed my peace and now, now you're gonna pay. You will be trapped in your own worst nightmare forever."
Sam's mouth slams shut and by the looks of it, he's fighting off a snarky remark. After a while, the silence becomes overbearing and Dean puts another tape in the deck. Metallica this time, it never fails to soothe him and he manages to get some sleep.
"Yeah, being human is annoying, but you gotta get used to it. Listen to your body and all that crap Sam always nags about."
When she releases her grip around him, Dean feels even more guilt ridden than before. His father's voice echoes through Dean's head. If there's one thing his dad hammered into his head, it was to never show any weakness. And right now, he's failing miserably.
Jody walks to the kitchen and gestures to make him follow along, she starts to prepare sandwiches for both of them.
"The day Sammy learns to keep his goddamn mouth shut. And why were you guys talking anyway?" He can't help but feel a bit jealous, which is extremely pathetic. It's not like Dean is the only one who's allowed to communicate with Cas.
Dean keeps driving north, and soon he passes the border to South Dakota. Before he knows it, he has parked the car on a very familiar driveway. He hesitates, this was stupid, what is he even doing here? Just as he's about to put the car in reverse and pretend he was never here, Jody sticks her head out of the door and looks at him with a confused look on her face.
The big toe on his left foot has doubled in size and is colored in a nasty shade of blue and purple. So okay, maybe Cas does have a reason to whine about this.
"I know you didn't wanna hurt her. C'mon now." He steps out of the car and the chilly breeze makes the hair of his neck stand up.
"There's got to be another way" He rasps and closes his fists to keep them from shaking. Sam exhales, deeply. "I want it to be, I
The closer they get to Illinois, the more stupid the idea feels. Is it too late to turn around and drive straight back to the bunker and hide inside a well of bourbon? Probably.
"You had a full year without hunting, you should be well rested" Dean said, with a lot more bitterness in his voice than he intended. Sam furrowed his brows, but did not respond. Dean knew deep down he should not keep punishing his brother for not looking for him during the year he spent in purgatory. But it still hurt.
He looks through the library for a hidden bottle, he always keeps a secret stash in places Sam won't look. The only one he can find is a half bottle of bourbon, the one he and Cas shared when they still had hope.
Dean doesn't respond, there's no escape from this. This thing will kill him and make sure his dad's face is the last thing he sees.
"Sam told me you almost got yourself killed by a Djinn" Cas looks pissed. He's kinda cute when he's angry.
"What? Yeah, of course" He answers, his voice is strangely high pitched, and he clears his throat a couple of times.
The fury pulses inside him in the same way it did when he had the Mark. It's like coming up for air after being underwater for too long. Feeling absolutely
Hesitantly, he lies down and wraps his arms around Cas until his back is flushed against Dean's chest. They've been sleeping in the same bed for almost a week, but this feels ten times more intimate. Dean hasn't been this close to another person in years. But it doesn't feel wrong. Instead it feels like he's been lost and finally found his way back home.
. He's been tortured in very creative ways, but a needle, that's where his body decides to go into panic mode. Pathetic.
"He's doing great. Maybe we shouldn't have allowed him eating cotton candy for breakfast though," Sam says with a sigh.
"So you lost your wee angel? That's too bad," Rowena cocks her head but Dean doesn't respond. "Did you at least fix the rift between the two of you like I told you?"
," he hisses and scrubs his hand over his eyes. Why is this so hard? This is his best friend, they've been to (literal) hell and back, multiple times. Seen each other at their worst and basically been in the trenches together for twelve years.
Rowena helps out with preparing for the spell and Sam seems thrilled. The bond between him and Rowena is something Dean probably never will be able to understand. They are perfectly synchronized, it's like watching a dance.
It would be so easy, they're so close Dean would only need to lean forward  and their lips would meet. What if -
and kind of wanted Sam to put a goddamn bullet in him to give Chuck the ending he wanted. It would have been easier.
In the middle of the room there's a rift. It's not golden like the other rifts they've seen, this one is black and looks like the substance that devoured Cas.
"Did you miss him?" Jack asks and Dean focuses his gaze on the floor and nods, clenching his jaw tight.
Jack reaches out and wraps his arms around Dean's waist. "I can and I do," he mumbles into Dean's flannel. Dean doesn't answer, he just holds him tight and doesn't even fight the tears rolling down his cheeks.
and -" Cas rambles, tears spilling down his cheeks. Dean has to bite his lip to prevent a chuckle slipping out. Yes he's an asshole, he's perfectly aware of that.  He just wasn't expecting
This has become a regular thing, Cas going batshit crazy whenever Dean tells him to be careful. It's not Dean's fault the guy seems to have a death wish. First it was the broken toe (that healed rather quickly thanks to Dean's meticulous care, thankyouverymuch), then he slipped in the shower and got a nasty bruise over his ribs. And now he nearly cut his finger off. So sue him for looking out for the man.
But, It wasn't supposed to end like this. For Dean to die immediately after they got their freedom. It wasn't
This is the resting place for demons and angels, how many of them are here because of Dean? He doesn't have a chance if they get a whiff of him and decide to get some revenge.
Dean decides to take the bull by the horns the next morning and texts Sam that he's coming back home. The moment he hits the send button, a massive knot forms in his stomach.
Claire and Cas' relationship was complicated to say the least. And yeah, if someone was walking around in his dad's meatsuit, he would be pretty fucked up about it too. Who wouldn't?
"It's where we met on earth for the first time," Cas' voice is soft like velvet, "and you shot me and then you stabbed me."
"Hey, haven't seen you in a while" Sam says, warily, "y'know, it's not what you think, we were just… scouring the market, for fun. I won't just pack up my things and
"Why did you say that you couldn't have it?" Dean asks and Cas tilts his head and furrows his brows, "what do you mean?"
isn't the right word for the chaos that was his experimenting in grungy motel kitchens as a kid, but whatever. He will never forget the time he got the brilliant idea of making a pasta sauce with canned tuna and peanut butter. Disturbingly enough, Sam had licked the plate clean. He sure was a weird kid. Or it was the knowledge of not knowing it could be days, even weeks, before they got to eat a hot meal again.
Dean gives her a weak smile and places a kiss on top of her head. He appreciates the sentiment, even though he knows it's not possible. Sure, Cas was thrown out of the Empty before, but that was before his stupid deal.
Sam has texted him four times since he ran off. The first are written in outrage, accusing Dean of being a coward and running away just like their dad. But the last two are apologetic and he can tell Sam is worried. Instead of answering, he turns his phone off and shoves it into the glove compartment. It's childish, but he needs time away from his brother. Sam means the world to him, hell, he
When they walk into the Bunker both of them immediately feel like something is wrong. Sam doesn't know what it is, but years of living on edge and never feeling safe gives you this superpower of knowing when something is
," Robert Plant sings everything Dean wants to say out loud, but can't. He has tried, how many times over the years? Wrapping it up in 'I need you' and 'I'd rather have you' and other vague sayings, hoping and praying Cas would get the message. And this time he
This is probably a bad idea. But if there's something Dean has mastered over the years, it's going through with stupid ideas. It's still over a five hour drive so there's plenty of time to change his mind.
"You looking for that angel of yours?" The man sneers, "I knew you would show up here and disturb my peace."
. How could he go on and live his life like nothing happened? Knowing that Cas died because of him. He was ready to die
Dean's lips twitch up and he bites back a snarky comment. Cas is always in a terrible mood when he's tired. It's actually quite adorable.
"Someone owed me one, so I decided to cash that favor now" She says and shrugs, Claire looking impressed at her.
"Back there, before, you said the one thing you want was something you couldn't have," Dean swallows thickly, "but you
They drove to the nearest diner and sat down in a corner booth. Sam ordered some green smoothie and whole wheat toast, and Dean ordered the greasiest thing he could find on the menu. "You know you're gonna get a heart attack with that diet right?" Sam said. Dean rolled his eyes, "Not that I'm gonna live till I'm 70 anyway, nobody does in this business, and by the way, your drink looks like vomit." Dean said and started to eat.
Sam has been desperate, he still is. He needs his brother back. One particularly rough night he walked to the nearest crossroad and considered making a deal. Right as he was done digging a small hole in the gravel, Eileen found him. She brought him back to the Bunker, signing so fast Sam didn't even catch half of it, but he knows enough ASL to get that she was pissed. And she had every right to be.
, who couldn't wait to get down on his knees for not even a twenty in every dirty bar bathroom he stepped his foot into."
Dean shrugs, "I want Sam to be safe, I want you to not die whenever you get the chance, I want…." He trails off.
"You realize this is going to hurt like hell?" Sam says and Dean tenses up at the sight of the syringe in Sam's hand, Jesus Christ that thing is
With suds up to his elbows, Dean absent-mindedly scrubs the pots and pans from yesterday's dinner, since
Sam stares at him like he completely lost his mind. And yeah, he probably didn't phrase that right. But it's not his fault his brother is a bit slow on the uptake.
It's been two weeks since Dean stepped into the rift and it sealed right behind him. Sam could probably count the hours of sleep he's gotten since then on one hand. He's a complete mess.
Dean doesn't answer, instead he focuses on  Cas’s thumb that's tracing circles right above Dean's elbow. When Cas notices him staring, he removes his hand, and Dean immediately misses his touch.
"I think we need the grace of an archangel, I mean, we used Lucifer's when we saved mom and Jack, remember? And Michael opened the one to Purgatory. It might be the key to crack open this bitch too" His blood is rushing in his ears,
It's in Latin. Dean recognizes about two words on the pages and he doesn't even know what they mean. Great.
"Jack!" He answers, the frown on his face gone in an instant. Dean knew Cas hates being away from Jack and who could blame him? He'd lost that kid too many times already. Dean gestures to Cas to put the phone on speaker and he obliges.
Dean snorts, this woman is way out of his brother's league. But she fits perfectly in their little family of misfits, and Dean fills with gratitude. They are all safe. They beat Chuck and got everyone back. They are free, so why does he still feel so goddamn trapped?
Dean catches a glimpse of Cas over Jack's shoulder and the sight makes him weak. Cas' smile is radiant, warm and contagious. Dean can't remember ever seeing him smile like this in the twelve years they've known each other. He looks absolutely beautiful.
John Winchester, or what looks like him at least, is staring at him with a twisted smile on his lips. He approaches Dean who takes a few steps back.
Cas could be saved by now, if Dean hadn't been a self-pitying piece of shit. Instead he's been stuck there for more than two months.
"Oh, by the way, I think there's a case in Missouri. Seems to be a quick salt 'n burn, maybe we meet up and take care of it?" Sam says enthusiastically and the blood inside Dean's veins goes cold.
This turns into a routine. Eileen sits by his side, talks about mundane things, and brings him some food, which he reluctantly eats. Soon, Sam joins her, but he doesn't talk, judging by his tense posture he's still too frustrated to even open his mouth. Dean doesn't  like being treated like a baby, but hasn't the energy to tell them to fuck off again. Both of them refuse to go to the liquor store on his behalf, and soon his hands start to tremble. Every cell in his body yearns for the comfort the booze brings him.
, him staring at the ceiling of the guest room he stays in and drinking himself to sleep only to wake up screaming. Sam still hasn't reached out, but Dean has a feeling Jody has told him by now, otherwise there would be a nationwide search for him.
"Sam, listen to me-" He doesn't get to finish that sentence and both of them turn to look towards the door.
So now, he spends his time in the garage, hiding underneath Baby and replacing parts that don't need to be replaced. It's a distraction really, he needs to keep himself occupied or he will go crazy.
"Okay. So, here goes nothing. Remember back in purgatory? The, uh, second time, when you disappeared? So, I prayed to you, well yeah, you heard that," he rambles, sweat starting to pearl at his forehead. Cas places the book in his lap and clasps his hands together, softness spreading over his face.
Fingers run through his hair and he meets Eileen's worried eyes. She sits down on his lap and he nuzzles his face in the crook of her neck.
When Sam and Eileen are fast asleep in their room, Dean walks to the kitchen, in search of something to silence the war going on in his mind. His muscles are stiff and his knees throb with every step he takes, laying flat on his back is definitely taking a toll on his already broken body. He raids the fridge for beers, but of course they're out, it's empty except for some left over pizza. Maybe Sam poured all the bottles and cans down the drain, suspecting this might happen.
All the words Dean had thought out on the way here are glued to his vocal cords, they won't escape the confinement of his mouth.
Sam has to guide him down the metal stairs, barely being able to see turns out to be quite hindering.
Every night, they go to bed together. Dean keeps telling himself it's because Cas is scared of sleeping alone, being a freshly made human and all. But the one night Dean actually went to sleep in his own room, he kept tossing and turning for hours before he bit the bullet and crawled into the bed across the hall, with Cas' hand in his.
happy you reached out and came here, but Sam needs you. And don't even try to tell me you don't need him. You guys need to talk, like yesterday. For two people who've been living inside each other's pockets for almost two decades, you suck at communicating."
There's no response from Cas, Dean sighs, "You can talk to me, okay? I know I've been a dick, but I- I'm here, okay?"
Sam drives them back to Kansas, since Dean's left eye is swollen shut. Robert Plant's voice rumbles through the speakers.
Hi guys! I'm so so happy for all the feedback you keep giving me, it keeps me going! I really struggled with this chapter though, but thanks to B (anotherxfangirl) and her amazing input i managed to get it done, so.. enjoy!
dark, no, it's dark as if light had stopped to exist all together. Dean can't even see his hands in front of him and the silence is deafening. Panic rises in his body, how in hell is he supposed to find Cas like this?
"Of course, this is your home. We're gonna set you up in your old room, okay?" Sam says and pats Jack's shoulder.
"It sounds like you are having fun, are you being nice to Sam and Eileen? And you remember the rules, right Jack?"
With enough alcohol in his blood to knock out an elephant, he falls asleep on Jody's couch, bottle still in hand.
The door opens and Eileen slides down the wall to sit beside him. The silence between them is comforting. Sometimes it feels like she gets him more than Sam does, which is strange since she's only been a part of their lives for a few years.
many of them in Dean's opinion, but he's going to keep his mouth shut, they're here to help after all. The loud noises that follow from dozens of hunters being in the near vicinity of each other makes him jittery and in desperate need of a drink or five.
Dean woke up and stared at the ceiling and then turned his head towards the clock on his nightstand, the bright red numbers on the alarm clock were mocking him, 3.34 am.
Jody puts her arms around him and he exhales, allowing the tears to fall. It's a quiet whimpering type of cry, and he tangles his hands into Jody's shirt like a small child seeking consolation, not a forty year old man. She holds him tight, and when he tries to wriggle away, she holds him even tighter.
