When he was sure his mom wasn’t anywhere near the room, Dean pushed the plate as far away as the tray allowed. A part of him just wanted to pack his bags and start a new life with his mom somewhere, as far away from anyone named Winchester… but it felt too much like he was letting John win. His mom shouldn’t have to give up her life just for him, she had given up enough already. No, their whole life was here! Their home, the café, his friends! Bobby, Ellen, Baby,
I took Dean a little more than an hour to fix the car. It appeared that Bobby had a sixth sense or something, since he had come in right before Dean was done and asked if he should call the owner and let him know the car was ready.
Turns out Sam was almost finished with it. The two of them spent what was left of the hour talking about everything that happened so far in the book. It kind of surprised Charlie how much thought Sam put into the events and she was actually enjoying their conversation and debates about different foreshadowing and symbolisms. Sam had never showed any signs that he liked to read in the classes they have had together, he’d never paid any attention. He had always spent most of the time either sleeping or joking around with his friends.
Before he had a moment to react, Cas was pushing his shoulders backwards and pulling his hips forward so that his ass was off the counter. Dean leaned back on his elbows, enjoying the sight of Cas’ face, red and sweaty with arousal, still bracketed by his knees. Cas gave him no time to compose himself before he took Dean’s dick back into his mouth and began to suck his brains out through it.
Since their guests were nowhere to be seen and the others were all wrapped around Dean, it didn’t take Ash long to put two and two together and figure out that he had missed something. Before he could ask what happened, Jo tilted her head back and whispered that she would tell him later. Jo noticed then that Charlie was looking at her with a guilty look on her face and Jo knew what she was thinking.
“I don’t know.” Cas couldn’t take his eyes off the bruise around Dean’s left eye. It was a lot darker than the rest of the bruises on him and Cas couldn’t remember seeing a bruise this bad since he was six and Sam had jumped down off a roof pretending to be Superman. “Do you think Sam had anything to do with this?”
They heard an out of breath Dean said, “Ohh, god Castiel, this is so good!” through the door. “More! I need more.”
double tulip, I know." His favorite flower. Cas buries his nose in the delicate petals and indulges in the sweet, spicy scent. "Where did you find this?"
“I should be the one apoligizing for keeping you out so late.” Castiel reached down and gave Dean’s hand a gentle squeeze. “Thank you again, Dean. I couldn’t have done this without you.”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas replied with a grin. Dean grabbed Cas’ chin between his pointer finger and thumb and pressed a soft kiss to his nose before tilting his face up to kiss his plump bottom lip. The kiss remained chaste even as both the men wrapped their arms around each other tighter.
“No more than usual,” said Mary as she fussed with the bedcovers. “He was worried about you. He would probably appreciate it if you gave him a call as soon as you’re feeling up to it. Your friends too.”
As soon as Cas was done coming, he fell forward against Dean, uncaring of the mess between them. He nuzzled into Dean’s neck and started leaving soft, open-mouthed kisses wherever he could reach. Dean sighed softly, reveling in the attention until he elbows and shoulders began to ache. Dean pushed Castiel off and got down from the counter.
“Now most of what I found out about him, I found out from Sam Winchester’s page. The two of them have been friends for a
“No, no need to apologize,” Dean answered just as quickly, giving him a smile. “I’m Dean.” He held out his hand, the man meeting him halfway, and smiled at the firm handshake he received back. He wished he wasn’t wearing the thick, leather gloves – he would put up with sticky, tree sap if it meant feeling the man’s hand in his own.
“I get to take baby?” asked Dean hoping that if he didn’t answer Bobby’s question that the older man would let it go.
“Not by blood, no. My father married Naomi when I was around three years old and he adopted her two sons. They took up our name right away.” From the look on his face, Castiel didn’t seem to like that little fact very much.
“Yup!” said Mary, who, to Dean’s relief, had calmed down some. “And after I was able to puzzle together what happened, I told him to go screw himself and hung up. Then I called your school and told them what happened.”
he had his essay stolen, but it never lasted all that long before it erupted back into chaos. Of course, Dean claimed it wasn’t his fault. ‘It just happens! Like magic!’
Saturday. He had been pondering wearing his most obnoxious t-shirt for the day, but it seems that Charlie has been looking out for him again; some of his best clothes lay out on the couch for him to wear instead. Yeah, these are probably better for his career’s longevity... There’s a note pinned to them about a change of address for the venue.
Still leaning up on his elbows, Dean looked down to see Cas mesmerized by the sight of himself fucking into Dean’s hole. He couldn’t blame Cas though, Dean would be mesmerized by that too if he could see it right now.
Sam blinked, looking between the officer and Principal Crowley, both men stared back at him, not giving anything away. “Uh, non existing? We don’t get along. Never have, never will.” Sam glanced between them again. “Can someone please tell me what's going on?”
Dean did a double take when he walked into his room. He was fairly certain that the room had not been this clean when he left home. Or in years, in general. And for the hundredth time in his life, Dean wondered how he had ended up with the best Mom in the world. Maybe it was to make up for having the worst Dad...
“Oh, you mean the seminar I organized?” Castiel said, in an offended tone. “I have every intention of attending.”
“I’m a perfect gentleman, so how could I say no to that?” Castiel teased as he placed his hand on Dean’s lower back and guided him to the door. “Wouldn’t want you to get scared.”
“Dean, I have been a Doctor for a long time, I know a panic attack when I see one, so do you want to tell me what’s going on?”
“Sam, maybe Gabriel was right. I think there has been some kind of misunderstanding and we are not welcome here. I think we are too late to catch the movie we had planned. Maybe there something else we can see? Come on, let's just go...” Castiel trailed off and it was obvious that both he and Gabriel were really uncomfortable and had no idea what was going on.
Dean chuckled and followed after Claire who ran back down the hallway into the kitchen. He turned and saw Cas and Amelia watching him. “Hear that? I’m awesome.”
Dean finished putting the last of the weights back in their rightful place before going to get something to clean with. After years of helping both his mom and Bobby clean up at work, Dean was quite used to it, so it didn’t take him all that long to finish.
“Hmm?” Castiel stacked empty flat box on top of bubble wrap, on top of empty flat box, only half listening. He was humming something under his breath, and Dean really wished he hadn’t opened this so that he could share the mood.
“She thinks you forgot him.” The silence that followed told Dean that he didn’t need to explain who he was talking about or how he knew that.
Castiel’s mouth fell open, his eyes shining as he looked down at the white gold ring nestled in the center of the box. Dean smiled, knowing that Cas’ lack of response was the best answer he could’ve hoped for. It was rare his boyfriend was ever speechless.
“Dean and Eileen had the same taste in music, loud and screaming, lots of bass and guitar. They were on their way to a concert, one of Dean’s few free weekends in his residency. I stayed home; I got enough of loud rock music in my own house, as Eileen liked the play it while she did anything around the house.
Amelia laughed and shook her head. “Well, at least one of us is. Claire is nine going on sixteen, I’m pretty sure I won’t be awesome again until she’s thirty.”
On Sunday evening, the whole gang got together in Benny’s room as planned to watch the Walking Dead episode. After the episode, they started playing a car-racing game. Right now, Ash was sitting backwards on Benny’s deckchair, Dean and Jo were lying at the end of Benny’s bed, and Benny and Charlie were lying on the floor in what Dean would call a race to the death, just from how competitive the two of them were.
The second thing he saw was a photo of his mom and him in his nursery. He was pretty sure this was a copy of the one that his mom kept over the fireplace, the first photo ever taken of him. His uncle Bobby had always said how proud he was of how well that photo came out.
“Castiel,” the man corrected softly before adding, “or Cas, as you seem to enjoy calling me. I insist.” The last part left no room for negotiation, and then he turned around without another word, leaving the door open.
After they got dressed, Dean’s hungry stomach led them to the kitchen where Cas managed to mix something up from the cold remains of what was supposed to be their breakfast. They sat down at the table, entirely too close and whispered to each other as they ate, unable to keep their hands- and mouths- off of each other for long.
smart,” said Charlie, her voice showing how impressed she was. Dean knew that not many people at school could impress Charlie with their intellect. “You’d like him if the two of you could just put everything behind you.”
They both groaned as their erections rubbed together through the thin layer of their boxers. Dean’s hands slid down the slope of Castiel’s back and gripped his ass as he rutted upwards with a growl. Castiel gasped and threw his head back, breaking a very heated kiss. He dove back down and began to kiss and suck marks along Dean’s throat.
Throughout the movie, Dean couldn’t help but sneak a peek at Cas every once in a while. In fact, he probably spent more time watching Castiel then he did watching the movie. There was just something about seeing Cas take care of his family that Dean couldn’t help but admire. He’d gotten caught a few times, mostly by Cas. The first time, he reached for Dean’s hand and tangled their fingers together, after that he would get a found smile or a kiss on the cheek, much to Claire’s amusement. Michael had caught him one time, only too turn back around with a knowing smile and pull his wife closer toward himself.
“Yeah, absolutely!” said Sam as he reached for his bag and got his folder. He quickly flipped through it and when he found what he was looking for, he turned the folder over and passed it over to Charlie. “Here is everything I have gotten from her in the past.”
She picked ‘The Hobbit’ back up and found the place she was on, that way it at least looked like she was doing something else then listening in on Sam’s conversation. The whole town knew that Sam and John didn’t always agree on things, but up until now Charlie had always thought that Sam and his mom got along. But now that Charlie thought about it, she could count on one hand the times she had seen Sam with his mom.
“Uncle Cas! Uncle Cas! Who’s that?” Claire had her head turned, bright blue eyes locked on Dean’s face.
Before Dean could stop him, Castiel raised his hand and interrupted, “I’m not on any social media platforms, Mr. Devereaux.”
your brother?” Castiel asked, watching Sam jump as if he had forgotten where he was. Sam cleared his throat and slowly shut the door before walking to the visitor’s chair and dragging it to Castiel’s bedside.
His breathing got shallower as Cas reached behind his balls to rub a dry finger at his hole- pressing against it but not pushing in. One of his hands came to rest on Cas’ head, holding him in place and the other scrambled for purchase on the smooth surface of the counter.
“I came from that end,” Castiel offered when Dean cocked his head, asking which direction they should go to.
It was the time between Christmas and New Years, when everything seemed to be standing still in anticipation of a new beginning; and while Dean could count on his fingers how long he and Cas had been together, he was sure he could get used to the feeling that being with Cas gave him.
“It’s not running away if I never show up!” Dean muttered his argument, resisting the urge to roll his eyes. He had been dreading this moment ever since he found out that John would be taking over the class.
Since nobody else was in a hurry to answer Dean, Benny took it upon himself to shrug and say, "The girls invited the new boys."
When Mary came upstair twenty minutes later, she found the two of them in front of the tv having a heated, but playful, disagreement on which one was better the Marvel universe or the DC universe. Since Mary knew from experience that this could go on for hours, she decided to go make some popcorn and go enjoy the show.
The policeman put his hand on the principal's shoulder before turning his attention back on Sam. “Can anyone confirm that?”
While taking a deep breath, Dean quickly looked at his mom before looking away again. He decided to start with what was less likely to get her upset. “I met this guy today, that I… kind of liked.”
you? He’s your brother! I actually thought you were different than your asshole friends, but it turns out you’re just like them.”
Since someone had obviously not wanted him to know who left it for him, Dean decided not to open it until he was in his room. For all he knew it was some kind of prank. It wouldn’t be the first time.
Speaking of his room… Dean blinked, confused as he looked around. Why wasn’t he in there? He had a moment of panic before he recognized his mom’s room and the answer came as soon as he tried to sit up.
” She’s tried to sit up straighter to give Dean a proper telling off and the movement jars her ankle. Her face twists in pain and Dean is at her side in a heartbeat. Behind him, Sam lingers at the curtain, looking pale-faced and stricken. Ellen’s face softens as she sees him.
He had just finished brushing his teeth when the alarm went off on his phone to remind him that he needed to go if he wanted to catch the bus to work. He quickly grabbed his phone and backpack before going downstairs, put his shoes on and grabbed his jacket on the way out the door.
“I’m sure your place is just fine, Dean. Here,” Castiel smiled softly as he passed the tree stand to him, “thank you for helping me.”
They were all love sick puppy dogs, but who could blame them? Apparently, the Novaks and the Winchesters just clicked.
“Did they just lock us in here?” asked Castiel. “Should we tell them that we have been together for days?”
Since Dean still hadn’t told his friends about his date with Castiel, he said, “Yeah, and he didn’t even freak when he found out. Unlike some people.” He finished his thought by looking at Benny.
“I was twelve, give me a break! Besides, you’ve seen what this town has to offer. You and Dean don’t exactly have many good guys to choose from.” Benny shrugged, looking away from Jo and then addressing the entire group. “I mean, there is no wonder Charlie is gay.”
“You okay there, doc?” Dean was full of concern, and he gently put his hand on Castiel’s shoulder. He could have sworn he felt a spark of electricity at the touch.
“Sammy, I swear to God, when I end up with a massive bonfire from all of these trees? I’m putting you in the center of it.”
Holy crap. I am so excited to be a part of this Round Robin, with so many other talented authors! I hope that this chapter does the first two justice ♥ Huge thanks to Courie696, lotrspnfangirl, and WinchestersRaven for reading over parts of this to let me know it wasn't crap.
“Dean!” Claire drew his attention as she climbed up to sit on the arm rest. “Are you going to be here on Christmas?”
Dean swiped his tongue over Castiel’s wet hole, swirling it around the rim before gently pressing in. Dean could taste himself, could feel his come coat his chin, and he let out a long moan, the vibrations causing Castiel’s legs to quiver.
"Well, I sure as hell am not going down there without you. It's your boyfriend's family, and I only remember like... two of their names."
! This was getting intense, but Castiel felt like he was trapped in Dean’s gaze, and he couldn’t break away. And honestly, he didn’t want to.
Ignoring what the nurse was trying to say, John turned his eyes back toward his son. “Was it because you’re gay?”
Before Dean drove home, he opened the glove compartment to check what Bobby had left him. He wasn’t remotely surprised to find a pack of condoms.
I had planned for this to be a fluffy chapter, but my extremely un-fluffy mood wasn't co-operating, so you get a weird mishmash of fluff and smut instead. I really hope it isn't too unsatisfying to read, considering that I didn't end up writing most of what I had planned to.
Castiel squinted at the other man, his eyes moving up from Dean’s lower half to his eyes. Interesting.
Dean frowned and laid his hand on Cas' arm, felt the muscles tense and bunch under his fingers. "It's okay."
Winchesters had something to do with the article not getting published, but it didn’t take a genius to put two and two together. They had taken away an amazing opportunity for his mom to get ahead, build them a better life, instead leaving Mary nearly drowning in debt. So, yeah, Dean considered changing his name if only to escape the shame of being associated with that family. He’d gone back and forth for weeks but finally was set in his resolve. Why should he have to change any part of who he was? It was what the Winchesters really wanted, after all. But it was
hell ever froze over and Sam chose to be nice to him, than John would put a stop to it faster then Dean could blink.
to say the least. The Campbells were old fashioned, hated how Mary had chosen to live her life, and used every opportunity to remind her of that. They would start with ‘how she had ruined her life by getting pregnant out of wedlock’ before transitioning to nagging about how she ‘still hadn’t found a good husband’. They’d nitpick the shop, pointing out how she should brighten things up by getting rid of all the ‘books and useless stuff’, demanding floral arrangements and plants and classical paintings that would never fit in with the aesthetic. Though, to be fair, it was Mary’s aesthetic that they hated… When Mary would be about to blow about their constant input about the cafe, they would switch it up, encouraging her to sell instead. Then she could settle down and get married! They even had the perfect bachelor picked out - rich, kidless, and living directly across from them.
They were in the middle of grilling Lucifer about how he liked living with Sam, despite it only being a few days. The “I really like breaking in the new bed,” was hardly out of his mouth when all of the sudden, the sound of something hitting the floor followed by a colorful string of curses, that under other circumstances would’ve made Dean proud, was heard from the kitchen.
Together, Jo and Dean spent some time setting up a decent, comfortable movie-viewing space. Of course, that turned out to be quite tricky for Jo since Dean didn't know that there might be two more people coming. They had used this room for a movie night a few times before, mostly on holidays and birthdays, and therefore, Dean wanted the usual setup. Ash’s LazyBoy was positioned in the middle of two old and matching loveseats.In the end, the only way to get him to change the set up was by claiming that she and Charlie were sick of always having to practically sit in Dean's and Benny's laps.
“Yeah, just one moment,” said Dean before turning around to grab his jacket and calling out to tell his mom that he was leaving. “Okay, I’m ready.”
Dean laid out their spoils and Cas’ eyes widened when he saw the sandwiches. Dean handed him a paper plate, then set about adding lettuce and tomato to the sandwiches and adding a heaping pile of chips beside them. “You’re trying to kill me,” Cas commented, accepting the sandwich, his mouth already watering.
He wonder if he should stay and try to stick up for his mom, but he figured it wouldn’t help either of them if he made a scene in front of the whole class.
. That is not a relaxing day, Cas. I don’t care what you say, just because you’re still in pajamas? Laundry is more work than work.”
“I mean, I wasn’t going to be the one to say it,” Castiel offered back, laughing as Dean pulled the towel from over his shoulder and smacking him in the stomach with it. “Come here.”
Cas rolled his eyes. There was no way he was transferring Dean. This fight was hopefully nothing more than elevated emotions and would blow over shortly. But something in his gut told him it wouldn’t be as soon as he hoped, wondering if he should try talking to Dean. Fighting wasn’t something he enjoyed, especially when it came to someone he cared for. He definitely wasn’t one to back down from his beliefs when it came to his patients and keeping his own sanity.
“Yeah, lets go,” he said with a smile that hopefully didn’t give away how nervous he was. Apparently it didn’t work.
But, back to the problem at hand. Although he felt happy that Sam had been able to move on with his life, and was overjoyed at being with Cas, he’d just said yes to a double date. A double date with Sam and his boyfriend, who just so happened to be his boyfriend’s brother, who happened to be the boss of Dean’s boss. He already had a headache.
It would not make a good first impression to meet your brother’s boyfriend slash your boyfriend’s brother with a boner.
“Which…” Cas turned around. Dean held up the picture for him to see. Cas sighed. It was a small, defeated sound. “Oh. I forgot about that one.”
“How old is she?” Dean asked, taking a step closer and pulling one of the trees out, slowly rotating it so they both could look at the flourish of branches.
“Thanks, man!” said Dean as he handed over the keys to Cas’s car. “Everything should be alright now, but if you notice anything wrong just let me know and I will take another look.”
Amelia crossed her arms over her chest, shaking her head though Dean could see she was hiding a smirk. “What if Dean has family of his own that he wants to spend Christmas with?”
A half hour later and he’s in the driving seat of Baby, the most beautiful car in the damn world, looking up at the address Balthazar has given him with a mixture of awe and creeping nerves. The house is a four-floor townhouse, well-kept with an immaculate front garden and the shittiest car in the world parked in the driveway. Castiel might have good taste in real estate but he needs teaching a thing or two about motors.
Dean gulped. “Well then, what are we waiting for? Let’s get this show on the road.” Internally smirking, Dean lowered his voice on purpose and leaned forward to whisper in Cas’ ear, “Fuck me, Cas. Fuck me so hard that I feel it for the rest of the week.”
Dean hadn’t realized that he had been holding his breath until he let it out and started laughing lightly. “Cas, I’m out, I’ve been OUT for years. Everybody that
“Who?” Charlie asked, shaking her head. “Jo didn’t say anything about Sam’s boy being in the hospital… they talk almost every day.”
“Dean Winchester was brought to the Emergency Room last night after he was discovered in a remote area outside of town, after being taken against his will, and assaulted by multiple perpetrators. Given your...
Unfortunately, Dean didn’t get a lot of time to decide before the girl, Krissy according to Cas, came to take their order. “So, what do you guys want?”
Sam ignored and picked out another movie to watch while he tried to ignore Dean and Cas, and Dean carded his fingers through Cas’ hair. Sitting there with his brother and boyfriend, Dean realized that this is what he had been waiting for his entire adult life, and he would fight to keep this until his last breath.
more interested when she brought up Dean and what is one little lie if it gets those two together? Without even giving Castiel a chance to answer, Charlie continued, “I’m Charlie and this is Jo. I think you met our friends, Dean and Benny, earlier. The two of us and our friends usually have a movie night at least once a month. Dean suggested we invited you to the one we are having tonight.”
“Thank you,” Molly said as she reached them, the youngest of the kids in her arms with coca staining the corner of his mouth. “You boys are the best.”
They walked closer to the water, the slight breeze coming off it now that the trees were gone, would hopefully keep any bugs away. Dean placed the basket down and reached for the blanket, unfolding it and promptly getting it tangled. Cas laughed but reached forward, the two of them getting it straight and flat on the grass.
Dean, I’m going to give you to the count of 3 to take that Twilight crap back or, I don’t know, I might tell them about that thing that happened in fourth grade.
“You say that every time,” Dean sighed, leaning his head back into her hand. “and yet every time they leave, I get to hear about the million things they did to piss you off. I doubt they’ve changed.” His relationship with his grandparents was...
He was going to get fired - because that’s what happens when you can’t keep it in your pants. What if the sex was bad, anyway? Cas could just pull the trigger, say the word, and Dean would be out a job, and he worked hard for this. And Dean’s no good at the whole commitment thing anyway, what if Cas wanted more- expected more- and it wasn’t with Dean? Why would Cas even want him around the hospital at that? Green eyed fuck-boy is just about all he is, anyway.
The reaction Dean saw on the doctor’s face at this revelation was extremely interesting; Castiel’s eyes widened, and that was definitely a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. Dean could only think of one reason for the other man reacting that way, and didn't that just make him feel warm all over?
“Lets see if you’re telling the truth, Mr. Novak.” Mr. Devereaux started typing away at the keyboard, turning the overhead screen off as he searched for what he was looking for. Castiel waited patiently for the paranoid man, slightly curious to see what he would be able to dig up. The rest of the students stayed silent, a thrum of nervous excitement at the ‘new kid’ already being in trouble running through them. Dean rolled his eyes and started working on his drawing again, talking to Castiel in a low voice. “Interesting” and “Huh” was muttered a few times from their teacher until finally, he looked up with a wide smile and flicked the screen back on.
“I will.” His mom had a right to be worried, he didn’t have the best track record of letting her know when he was hurting; he hated worrying her and would rather downplay it for as long as he could. Plus, he didn’t like going to the doctors. “I will. I promise,” he added after seeing the unconvinced look on his mom’s face.
Sam didn’t say much while he was on the phone and Charlie wondered if that was common for Sam when he talked to his mom. He sat there and answered every once in awhile. With every ‘aaha’ and ‘I understand’, Sam shrank more and more in his chair. Every now and then he would start fiddling with the corners of the paper in front of him without realising he was doing it, suddenly stopping for a moment before picking it up again.
Cas dug through the tapes until he found one he liked and popped it in the player. The opening notes of
The nurse with him let out a loud huff before saying, “Yes, he’s gonna make a full recovery from his injuries.”
He ruminates on this all the way to Castiel’s room, adjusting his stethoscope around his neck and making sure the chart in his hand is the right way up. First impressions and all that. Then he pushes open the door to see…
I want to start by thanking everyone that has left kudos or comments, it's always fun to see what you guys think.
"It will be. Now hang up and finish moving tree branches and lights around for the millionth time, and I'll see you soon."
Even though he’d been expecting something, the punch to his face caught him off guard and he fell completely on the ground. With his hands still tied behind his back, it was impossible for him to even try to defend himself or to get up on his feet. As kick after kick landed on him, Dean knew he’d be feeling this for weeks. Finally, after what felt like hours, they stopped.
“You know, its very sexy when you blush.” Castiel hummed as his hand slid to Dean’s inner thigh. “Makes your freckles stand out.”
“Claire, it’s only a few minutes past seven. Let them sleep,” called Amelia from somewhere else in the house and the door closed again with a, “But Mom!"
He rest his head back against the couch, trying to focus on the excitement he was feeling and ignore the slight nervousness. He tilted his head to the side to look around their living room. It was a mix between the both of them, Dean’s eclectic tastes mixed in effortlessly with Castiel’s clean and tidy decorating. There were pictures of them together, with their families and coworkers. Other than when he’d had his first apartment with Sammy, way back in the start of their twenties, Dean had never felt more at home.
He let his eyes fall closed again, pulling the cover higher up his chest, though he knew sleep wouldn’t come again. The sound of Dean ushering his nephew around in the living room and the sound of the TV coming on, full blast before Dean could turn it down, was what he focused on until there was a soft knock on the door.
“Hello Sam.” Castiel smiled at the giant brother who was filling the entire doorway. “I am really sorry about messing up the date the other night.”
Dean moaned, the sound low and dirt, rolling from deep inside his chest. Cas’ hand moved over him once more and he came with a shout, spilling hot and white between them. Cas’ eyes rolled back and he loosened his grip to work Dean through the aftershocks, his hips fucking up and losing their rhythm as he chased his own release.
"You know you don’t need to do all the calculation yourself if you have put all the information in the document, right?” From the look he got in return it was clear that Bobby had not in fact known that. “Never mind, I will fix it for you,” said Dean before turning to the screen. Without looking up he added in a sarcastic voice, “By the way, thanks for the heads up about John becoming my teacher.”
"Just remember to tell Benny that." Ellen didn't  believe him for a second but she decided to let it go for now. Walking in on Dean and Benny last time, dancing to "Shake it off", had definitely put a smile on her face. Besides, she got a great video out of it, not that any of the kids needed to know that.
Dean’s head dropped back and he shivered under Castiel’s touch. “You’re not so bad yourself,” he whispered back, tipping his head back up and letting his eyes roam unashamed down Castiel’s bare chest to his jeans, tight over his crotch. Dean reached forward, mapping out Castiel’s chest in the same manner Cas was doing to him.
at Sam’s they were going to meet, and it hadn’t occurred to Dean that Castiel was used to hanging out there, so of course he would just go inside instead of waiting outside.
And now Cas' earlier insistence about the reservation and processes being in place made sense. "Rules are there for a reason. You know that just as well as I do."
“What Dean forgot to say,” Amelia added, lifting her hand in a ‘come here’ gesture to her daughter, “is that Claire was being rude and all but demanded Dean come for Christmas. Though, I told her that it was up to you to invite him if you wanted him there
Dean gave his arm a squeeze, then moved to the end of the aisle to meet his brother. He followed Sam over to a red minivan, the tree already netted and laying on the pavement beside the car.
As he sat down, Dean tried his best to hide that he was hurt, but he had a feeling that Charlie had seen right through him.
“Or... maybe Castiel is just pretending to like Dean. I mean, maybe it's like in Cruel Intentions and Sam and Castiel have a bet! Sam probably told Castiel to get Dean to sleep with him and then dump him in front of everyone,” said Jo. Dean would be so pissed if he ever found out that she put him in the female role in that movie...
Dean and his friends had come up with two reasons for why Bobby and Ellen hadn't gotten together yet. The first one was their past loved ones. Bobby's wife had passed away years ago and Ellen's husband had died in a hunting accident when Jo was young. She’d been so young she could hardly remember him. Even though years had passed, both of them were still having trouble letting go and moving forward.
Walking towards the nurse’s station, he spotted Jo leaning against the counter and bit back the expression of fuck my life. Jo
. What if this isn't what Cas wants? They've talked about it, sure, but not in serious terms. What if he's making a huge mistake, putting Cas on the spot like this? What if Cas would prefer something private and intimate. What if—
there would be bruises there come morning. But in Dean's defense, Castiel was riding him like a porn star, and all he could do was hold on for the wild ride. Dean let out another groan as he gripped tighter and thrust upwards, hitting Castiel’s prostate over and over, drawing the most decadent gasps and moans from his lover’s lips.
Picking himself off the floor, he tripped over discarded pants just as his own pager and phone started to go off. Stumbling over to the dresser he picked up his phone to check the messages. Fuck.
have money left for food. She even entertained the idea of saving enough up to get Dean a new computer, a brand new one, a thanks for all of his help.
As Dean stood in line waiting to be served, trying to choose something - anything - for the handsome blue-eyed doctor, he spotted Charlie coming towards him. Maybe she might know how he took his coffee. “Hey, Bradbury,” he waved her over. “Do you know Doctor Novak?”
“You’re welcome,” said Mary before taking a deep breath. “Dean, I’ve been wondering, has someone been harassing you at school? I know you and Sam haven’t been getting along, but is there anything else going on that you’re not telling me?”
“Castiel lives now with his father and stepmother, Naomi Novak, her two sons, Lucifer and Michael, and his older brother, Gabriel.”
Really, it was really only natural that he would be ridiculously attracted to the blue-eyed angel, complete with wings, in room two-oh-five. He was
“Nothing. Just let it go,” said Dean in a singsong voice with a small smile on his face before picking up the speed so he was in front of them for the first time.
The girls got the whole story from Castiel with few details from Dean. For an example, they got to hear
“What you have to know about my brother,” Sam said as he leaned back in the chair, scooting himself forward so he could lift his feet to rest on the bottom side railing of the bed, “is that he takes the entire world into his shoulders. Dean puts everyone, everything, before himself and how own well being.”
Dean had just finished getting changed into his gym t-shirt and shorts when he heard Uriel say, “Hey Losechester, we don’t like fags in our changing room.”
Cas looked back and forth between him and the hostess—Beth, according to her bright yellow, taco-shaped nametag. For a second, Dean feared Cas wasn't going to let it go, but his shoulders slumped and he nodded.
He glanced over and watched as Castiel knelt by the fridge, loading a few orange sodas for Claire near the bottom and relocating a bottle of Chardonnay they picked up for Amelia. Dean was more curious to meet Cas’ sisters-in-law than anyone else.
“Uhh, umm... nothing important,” answered Charlie, shrugging for effect, and Dean was fairly certain she was lying to him.
Jo saw through him, though, because of course she would after having grown up together and all. There was a beat before she laughed and Dean tried not to wince. And really, have mercy, it's not really fair that everybody knew about his “thing” for the intellectual-type. Equal opportunity or not, he enjoyed people for their brain. And if it just so happened that maybe he's had a couple of flings with another doctor or two... Okay, and maybe the one professor back in grad school... and Lisa from pediatrics... But, it wasn't his fault she quit after he broke things off – she wanted a father for her kid, and to Dean she was just... bendy.
“How about we go outside? I think a walk in this beautiful snowy day will help you cheer up, babe. Get fresh air. Exercise.”
Dean smiled, remembering the long night they’d spend wrapped up in their bed for the first time after Dean moved in, and the three words that slipped out before he could call them back. He’d meant them, however, as much as he hadn’t known it at the time.
empty. By that he meant all of his stuff was gone. All of it, gone! The old leather jacket he loved that he had gotten from his mom two months earlier, gone! His phone and keys, gone! There wasn’t anything left in the room that wasn’t bolted to the walls or the floor.
“That’s not it, Mom. I was pretty sure he might be interested but it’s never going to happened now.” When his mom went back to being confused he quickly added, “The girls invited him to movie night and since he took his best friend with him it didn’t turn out too well.”
It gives me great pleasure to pass the baton on to the super whiskeyangel88, and to find out what is going to happen next.
Dean’s living room was covered in photos of him growing up and his old art projects could be found all over the apartment. His mom had kept every single one of them, even the ugly ones, claiming she wanted to keep them incase he ever became a famous artist in the future. That way she could sell them for millions no matter how ugly he thought they were. She joked she might even be able to sell them for more since a lot of rich people were suckers for “abstract art”.
The first thing Dean did when he and Charlie, got to his house was get out of the wet clothes and for the second time today, he was half naked in front of Charlie. Not that Charlie cared, they had grown up seeing each other in their underwear and after they both came out, it never became a problem. Well, at least not for them. There had been times when Ash and Benny had gotten jealous when Dean wasn’t kicked out of the room like they were when the girls were changing clothes.
“Hey Winchester, it looks like your girlfriend got her painties in a twist! Maybe you should go help her unwind,” one of the jocks at the table called, much to the amusement of the rest of the table.
“I kind of forgot a knife,” he said and Cas looked up to see his boyfriend staring down at the glass pie plate in his lap. “I remembered forks though.”
“We’re at the hospital. Dean’s hurt but they say he’s gonna be fine,” Cas said in a rush. “We don’t know exactly what happened but Dean was attacked.”
Dean quickly loaded the dishes into the dishwasher, before closing it and putting it on a short cleaning program.
“Right, thank you Mrs. Camp- Uhh, Mary,” Castiel said as he sent a quick look in Dean’s direction only to get a small, sad smile in return.
“What… did I just miss?” Castiel asked as he slid them onto the coffee table, looking between the three of them.
“I just wanted to enjoy this for a little while before everyone starts asking questions. You know Charlie and Jo are going to give us the third degree, about how it happened, if we’ve gone on any dates, when our first kiss was, all of that when they find out, right?”
“You coming?” asked Castiel, looking at him from across the car. Dean looked over and saw Castiel reaching to pick up his phone with one hand, his other balancing the ‘ruined’ pie in his lap.
It was easy for Dean to decide which one of the pictures was his favorite. In the middle of the magazine was ‘Misha the Pizza Guy’, who just happened to look a lot like Castiel. They both had blue eyes, dark short hair, and were very,
“My dad was a Marine,” Dean said as he pulled into a parking spot outside of The Burger Stand, killing the ignition and turning to look at his date. “Retired after my mother passed away and opened up the shop.
Dean heard hurried footsteps coming towards him, then there were hands on his shoulder shaking him, gently but firmly.
Dean noticed that Castiel sent Charlie a slightly panicked look before saying, “Yeah, Gabriel and I were talking to Charlie yesterday and she mentioned you liked pie. Gabriel is always experimenting in the kitchen, so he offered to make one. He ended up making five before he was convinced he had made the best pie in the whole world.”
Ronald let out a screech of excitement and practically ran from the table back into the living room. Claire chuckled but looked over at her mom. Amelia rolled her eyes and nodded her head, reaching over to take the last piece of Claire's bacon as the teenager ran after he cousin. Gavin at least got half of his breakfast down before he was asking Sam to help him out of the "big kid chair".
So, Dean started making his rounds, checking on his other three patients, and taking more time with them than really necessary. He
A date with a gorgeous green eyed mechanic, occasionally Christmas tree salesman, was definitely not what he had expected when he went to check out the Christmas tree lot, but it
“I love you,” Cas replied, smiling. He’d heard Dean’s argument before, every time the washing machine was started.
“Hey, you have a car waiting for you in the garage. Get started if you want to be able to go home on time,” Bobby called back from his office.
They stayed intertwined until the timer went off on the oven, prompting Dean to groan and press his head against Cas’ shoulder. Cas chuckled at him and stepped back, moving to grab the oven mitts and take the pie from the oven.
They ate in a comfortable silence, watching the river rushing ahead of them. Every once in a while, Dean would point out a fish jumping, making Cas jump with every, “Oh! Did you see that one?” The sun had set completely by the time they were finished eating, but Dean had thankfully thought ahead and packed a small battery-operated lantern in their picnic basket.
“God, Dean! What the hell happened?” Cas asked, worried. Before Dean could answer, pain shot up his arm. He didn’t know which one of them had grabbed him, but the person quickly let go when he yelled out in pain and brought his arm closer to himself.
Dean stares at the walls absently while he thinks. He’d kept the distance for a reason, he was protecting Sam! But… was he truly hurting Sam more than he was helping him? It was his fault that Sam’s life was changed, his fault that Eileen had… His eyes started burning.
Dean simply beamed back at him, his stomach flipping for a moment. “You sure know how to butter a guy up,” he murmured, but Castiel’s soft chuckle told Dean he’d heard him.
The past two weeks were probably the strangest of Dean’s life. If someone had told him a few weeks ago that he wouldn’t be on speaking terms with Charlie, his
Sam seemed to have noticed that Dean hadn’t gotten up from Cas’ lap and rolled his eyes. “What, now that you’re together, do you plan on being this sickeningly sweet all the time?” he asked Dean.
Castiel smiled and leaned over, kissing Dean's cheek before grabbing a bathrobe from the bathroom door. "Take your time," he said to them both, Sam shifting to the side to let him pass, "I'll meet you both in the kitchen."
“Oh,” Dean said, looking to her in surprise, “I… well, I don’t think so. It's a family day and I’m sure-”
Dean pulled out of the parking spot, nodding once to Sam as they came around the building and saw his brother locking up the front door. Castiel gave a tiny wave, then reached for the radio, clicking it on and turning the dial to a comfortable sound level.
“Thanks, Charlie! You’re the best. See you tomorrow!” With that, Beny turned around and pretty much ran out the door.
When Dean got into bed that evening, he couldn’t for the life of him remember who initiated the kiss he and Castiel shared before they went their separate ways. All Dean knew was that one, from now on kissing Cas is his absolute favorite thing to do, and two, that it most likely was him that pressed the car horn in order to get closer to Castiel, managing to wake up half the street in the progress, including his mom.
Once Balthazar actually left, Cas once again tried straightening out his desk but was unable to concentrate for very long before he began thinking about Dean again. After his fourth failed attempt, he simply gave up straightening the desk, deciding to go looking for man in question. He felt almost self-conscious riding the elevator back down to the first floor, despite being known to splitting his time between his office and the Emergency Department. Barely anyone paid him much mind as he slowly wandered through the maze of the hallways. For a moment, he believed Dean might have already left. His heart leapt into his throat when he saw him talking to several nurses, obviously giving them direction about their patients.
“Hey, Charlie! Have you killed Benny yet?” said Dean when he find her putting some books back in the shelves.
The first thing Dean had done the day after his none-date was call Bobby and double check if he’d promised to stay longer today, which of course he had. Dean had gone on and on for nearly five minutes about how he would make it up to Bobby if he could
of the problems was that Dean made the big mistake of agreeing to meet up with Castiel and Charlie at the party instead of the trio traveling together. Dean tried to talk the whole gang into showing up with him, but Charlie had been the only one that was free that night. Now he was standing outside Sam’s house, alone, looking like an idiot with Charlie running late and Castiel nowhere in sight. They hadn’t specified
“Hey, I said I was sorry! You just ‘came out’ out of the blue! How was I supposed to react?” asked Benny turning around to look at Dean before quickly turning his attention back to the game when he realized Charlie had pulled ahead.
If the clearing of the throat in front of them was any indication, Dean might have forgotten himself a little bit when Castiel returned the favor. “Sorry, Mom.” Wasting no time, Dean quickly grabbed the tray his mom had made for them in one hand and took Castiel’s hand in the other, starting to drag him away.
She started hacking on his shoulder, muttering ‘my precious’, until the smile Dean cracked was real.
Dean almost melted when he tasted the pie. It was by far the best pie he had ever tasted! If the sounds he was making were the same as the sound from his favorite porn film, then he didn’t give a flying fuck. His bad mood was gone and as far as Dean was concerned, the only thing that mattered right now was finishing his slice, then finding Gabriel and marrying him. It took Dean a little time to realize that everybody at the table had stopped what they had been doing and were now laughing at him.
Castiel told himself that all of this was merely to lift his own spirits, and nothing more, as being a patient sucked immensely, and he might have even convinced himself this was true too, if it wasn't for his reaction when the door opened and the doctor walked in. His heart sank; he tried not to show his disappointment, but evidently he was unsuccessful.
It seemed like an immeasurable amount that time stood still as Castiel and Dean stared at each other. Honestly, it was only probably a few seconds before Dean managed to get his wits back and clear his throat, his nerves making his stomach flip. He had to do or say something before awkwardness creeped in.
“I’m not sitting at an old Volvo-table when there is an empty Mustang’s one. Come on, Cas, we are sitting over there,” said Dean as he gripped Castiel’s hand and dragged him over to the table made out of spare parts from an old Mustang.
Dean turned back to his locker seconds before he heard Alistair’s almost panicked voice behind him, coming closer and closer, “… you can’t be serious, Sam! He’s going to ruin everything!”
Beeping. Loud. Irritating. Bright. What the hell was that infernal racket? Dean swung his arm out to hit his alarm on his night stand - and fell out of the bed. There was no night stand to catch him.
It wasn’t the first time people had made that mistake, and Dean hated it every time he heard it. He knew that his mom had dreamed about marrying John back when they were dating and now every time she heard it, it was just a painful reminder of what could have been. Everybody that had known them back then had been sure John and Mary would get married and, since Mary had a son with John’s last name, people often presumed that they had.
“We are already dating!” called Dean after them, which caused Charlie to turn around on the spot. “Plus, we could have just gone out the window like I use to do when we were younger.”
Castiel shook his head, pushing up and finding Dean’s lips in a soft kiss. “Go save the Oreos. I’ll be down in a sec.”
“A family emergency came up and my mom has to go stay with my grandparents for a couple of weeks. I had to help her get ready.” Sam licked his lower lip, staring up at the principal. Dad always said that in order to have a lie be believable, it had to have some truth behind it. His mom
Castiel looked at his arm, covered in snow. He looked up at Dean, who already had another snowball and a smug expression.
On the fourth lap Jo was at seven and Benny was at twenty-two. If this kept happening then Benny really should just save himself the trouble and give Dean an iPod with ‘Let it Go’ from Frozen playing on repeat. Come to think of it, Charlie could probably find a rock version or something for him. Not that Dean was ever going to suggest that.
The doorbell rang, causing Castiel to shut the fridge before reaching over to squeeze Dean’s shoulder. Dean blew out a breath and trailed after him through the hall to the front door.
“Dude, did you hit your head in the last two weeks, or have you just forgot everything you know about me? He’s really not my type,” said Charlie offended.
I try to help and this is thanks I get. Someone trying to kill me. Think she will forgive me if I say I’m sorry?
The names on all the angel ornaments glittered as the light from the tree hit them, right above where Claire, Ronald, and Gavin sat playing with their presents. It had been a special moment when all the family members had gathered around the tree to place their names. Gabriel had been determined that his family ornaments should be at the top, only he couldn’t reach it without standing on top of something, which meant every time he got down Michael or Lucas would move them down.
Dean couldn’t argue with that; the man was ridiculously attractive. “Okay. Well, do you know how he takes his coffee?”
They both groaned as Castiel lined them up and slowly began to sink down, groaning deep from his throat at the stretch and burn of Dean pushing inside.
“You like him don’t you?” came Sam’s voice from behind him when he had his head in the cabinet next to the sink. Which of course, ended up with him hitting his head on the top of the cabinet.
“Then I will pick you up here around seven,” said Castiel, and Dean was sure that the smile on his face mirrored the one on Castiel’s.
“So you’re going on a blind date essentially.” Charlie shrugs. “I mean, sounds good to me. Mr. Dreamy Ocean Eyes sounds pretty down to earth. As much as you can tell from a profile. It’ll be great. Taking the leap.” She gets a taunting sparkle in her eyes as she says, “HoneyBee83 would be proud.”
“Plans? That are like… real plans not with me or Sam? And don’t think sitting in your car drinking a latte and crying to a new Harry Styles album counts as plans.”
Charlie looks simply offended as she crosses her arms. “You guess? Listen, I won’t make you spill all the juicy deets right now, but just remember I know how to hack into your account if you don’t tell me everything before next week.”
“The Hinge profile you made me create?” Charlie nods, smirking a bit at the fact that she basically made it for him, but minor detail. “I’ve been using it. I know I said I wouldn’t, but I got… I don’t know…”
“Fair enough. I’ll brush this one under the rug just this once. But for real, whatcha got going on? Anything fun?”
Ignoring Charlie’s inevitable raising of the eyebrows, he blows out a hard exhale and minimizes his internet tabs and draws his attention back to the new sticky note on his desktop.
He shrugs. “What can I say? I pick ‘em well, Charls.” He can’t help but look over her shoulder as she scrolls through Cas’s photos, sharing a laugh with Charlie as she reads the profile bios as she goes.
Dean clears his throat and runs a hand through his hair. “Uh… about that. I figured if I took the leap before I chickened out, I’d have a better chance at not stopping myself.”
Internally facepalming for what he’s sure was a total failure to contain his wussy face, Dean smirks at his red headed friend and gives a half-hearted eye roll. “I would say ‘I don’t know Charls, ask my therapist’, but…” Cue a reciprocated eye roll from said red headed friend.
“Oh, that guy you follow on Insta? You still check that daily, do ya?” The lifting of Charlie’s mouth is all Dean needs to feel a little sheepish, but it’s really not a big deal or anything. It’s not that girly. It’s comforting. Is that the right word? Sam has his yoga and rabbit food. Charlie has her RPGs and little vinyl figures. He occasionally has the guilty pleasure of scrolling HoneyBee83’s Instagram and feeling a little better about going about his day. If occasionally meant every morning.
Some memories are hard to parse. Sometimes when he sleeps it’s just… black. Goo and tar, endless, deep black, no sound, no light. Other times there’s so much light and laughter his heart feels as though it will burst. Dean’s laugh, Sam’s laugh, and another laugh he can’t really place… but one just as lovely and comforting.
She yelps and dances away, a gleam in her eyes as she sticks her tongue out at him. “Leave your poor brother alone.” She sends Sam a wink, who gives her a toothy grin in response.
Snorting a laugh, Benny shrugs. He makes a wiggly motion with his fingers, grinning when Castiel opens the fridge and hands him a beer. Twisting the cap off, Benny takes a swig and then says, “Dean been keepin’ it a secret?”
The first touch is electric. It’s just the pads of Castiel’s fingers slipping over Dean’s soft, smooth skin, but then the heat starts spreading through him, a familiar warmth that his subconscious relates to lazy mornings and a dark room and soft sheets.
Going reflective, Castiel stares down at the table, at his closed notebook and unused, brand new pen. The light on his recorder flashes intermittently, reminding him that it’s still recording, and for the life of him… Castiel can’t think of anything noteworthy that he’s ever done outside of writing articles and graduating at the top of his classes repeatedly. Dean seems to sense this, his voice softening as he inches forward on his chair a bit.
!?” Dean shouts. He can’t open his door fast enough, fingers scrabbling over the interior of the door before finally hooking on the handle. It slips out of his grip three times, thudding dully against the well before he finally gets a solid enough grip to open the door and shove it open simultaneously. He can barely stand, his feet feeling like cement as he tries to distance himself from the car.
when John will be coming back. Next Tuesday, they say. Dean feels a lead weight in his gut, but tells them he’ll be there to pick him up. The lady, no doubt aware of the charges brought against John, asks if that’s a good idea and you know what? Dean’s not really sure, but out loud he says, “Just dropping him off somewhere”. That mollifies her. He’s touched that a stranger cares that much.
“Looks good, Cas!” Dean crows, slapping Castiel on the back. Castiel grunts. Dean’s wearing jeans and a comfy red sweater, his face clean and fresh. “I’m heading out.”
He can feel Dean’s gaze prickling his back. He artfully doesn’t mention Dean’s meltdown yesterday, and probably won’t ever speak of it for the rest of his natural life, knowing how Dean would probably react to it. But he needs to know how Dean is, because seeing him nearly catatonic from sobbing had shaken him up quite a bit.
On Tuesday Dean drives out to the county jail. He parks his car, leans against the front bumper, and stares up at the concrete monster. There have been plenty of times in his own life in the past couple years that he thought he’d end up here himself. Charged with prostitution or maybe even petty theft, from when he worked at the grocery store and would sneak bread and peanut butter home. He’s not quite sure how he managed to stay below the radar, but he’s thankful for it. Not that he’s any sort of delicate, but the thought of going to jail just brings up mental images of his mom being disappointed in him, and she might be up in heaven but he’s pretty sure he’d be able to feel her anger down on the mortal plane.
“Well you’re definitely bringing your awesome pecan pie so, as a contributing member of the family, it wouldn’t be an imposition.”
"She was unlike anyone I'd ever met before." Castiel nods, taking a careful sip of his cocoa. "She was full of life, endlessly positive, and loved with her whole heart. My father told me she was an angel sent to me by God, and that I should thank Him for the rest of my life.
That startles a laugh out of Dean, his handsome face transforming as he sends Castiel a quizzical look. “Alright, forgetting the fact you had an answer prepared: a trashy romance novel? Really?”
It’s too much. “Don’t ‘son’ me.” Dean’s voice is low, threatening in a way it’s never been towards his dad. “You have any idea what you’ve put us through?”
“Fuck no,” Dean says, writing the order down. “Did you want a drink or can I spit in some water for you?”
Smiling wolfishly, Dean sends the man a wink, newly energized. "Why would I have one when we can share yours?"
The tension that he held in his body the whole time his dad was in the car with him threatens to choke him. He buries his face in his hands and feels sobs hiccuping in his throat, skin flushing, eyes leaking goddamn tears that won’t stop. His nose runs. He makes dumb little noises. He tries to hold the ugly sobbing at bay but it’s useless. Sammy’s safe. He’s safe. If his dad’s smart he won’t bother either of them again for a long, long while.
Cautious eyes look towards Castiel. The orange-hued streetlight half a block away hollows his cheeks and his temples, his eyes dark and guarded. He’s hesitant, with reason. Castiel is his boss, twice his age, and inviting him into his home after being sexually assaulted.
"That he stopped 'cause he cared." He folds his arms over his chest. "He probably thought I was gonna call the cops on him or something, eventually. That's why he stopped comin' around."
in front o’ me, Cas, and I ain’t letting you go. We’re gonna break this fucking Twilight Zone bullshit and you’re comin’ home with us. You got that?”
He snorts and waves a hand, “You know I don’t smoke.” He rests his elbow on the table, chin in hand. “I don’t suppose you could find a person based on description alone?”
“What did you do?” Castiel asks. When Dean doesn't reply immediately, Castiel rephrases. “It is my understanding that one must… break rules, to get into solitary. Cause trouble.”
All over the country, strange deaths were being reported. People mauled with their hearts removed, people with silver bullets lodged in their bodies, people with their heads chopped clean off, people burned, cemeteries desecrated, bodies exsanguinated… it was quite a strange laundry list, with one common factor: witnesses at any of these scenes described the same man, every time. This man was a federal agent, a park ranger, a sheriff, a reporter, a student, a family member. This man injected himself into investigations and always seemed to disappear right when the strange occurrences would stop.
With Dean Castiel feels physically exhausted, but mentally charged. It’s almost as though his brain is sucking up so much energy with all the thinking Dean incites that Castiel’s body can’t keep up.
They both reenter the club, splitting ways. Dean disappears into Castiel’s tiny, cluttered office, shutting the door behind him. Castiel heads to the bar, wiping a few things down and collecting a few dishes. It’s nearly bar close on a Friday, so half of the bar is still packed, but he knows he can hand things off to Garth without the cheery man getting overwhelmed.
“Drawing a Devil’s trap,” Sam says simply. “We’ve been going through these altered realities for… man, maybe six years? Every time we’re dumped onto some different timeline with our memories wiped, starting over with no knowledge of each other or something keeping us from knowing each other. Putting either myself or Dean in prison is usually how they keep us apart, but you’re always a wildcard. We actually haven’t seen you at all. Probably because you were in the Empty.”
The woman finally opens her eyes, surprise and pity in them as she looks across the room at him. “Oh my God.”
“Charlie,” Castiel says tiredly. The percolator isn’t done making the coffee, yet. “I can’t do intellectual discussion right now.”
“You, um,” Kevin shifts a little. “I won’t tell anyone, Dean. If you like makeup, that’s your business. I wear it ‘cause I have to, but if you wear it ‘cause you want to… I think that’s cool.”
“I mean- normally you’re kind of a low energy dude,” Charlie continues. “It’s part of your sparkling personality, but you seem… super drained. Like, one-percent charge.”
“Basically, these dudes were saying that y’know, before humans, when God was creating stuff, he communicated with his angels in Enochian. When Adam left Paradise apparently he was the one who invented the old
“Uhh… not sure yet,” Dean said, still too distracted to actually remember what he had planned to make.
“Hey, Claire,” Dean breathed out, his voice a little shaky. Cas stood up then, moving closer to Dean to try and better hear their conversation.
As Dean bent down, Cas’ eyes began to wander down to his body, unable to keep his eyes from watching the way Dean’s ass stuck out in the air as he scooped up the bag of food. As Dean stood up, Cas quickly averted his gaze, which did not go completely unnoticed by Dean, but was not something that he was willing to comment on.
Dean vaguely thought he heard the sound of a door, but he was too far gone to actually notice or care and then he heard a loud moan from Cas as he felt him come inside of him, filling him up as he rode out his orgasm as well.
“I was thinking of going to visit Mary for a bit, there was something I wanted to speak with her about.”
you gonna do, huh?” he asked with a shit-eating grin on his face, just about daring Cas to do something.
Hello everyone!! I hope everyone had a lovely 100 days since Nov. 5 the other day that wasn't filled with sad Destiel videos at all... I for one totally did not spend my day doing that... not at all... Okay, maybe A LITTLE (or a lot but shhh)
Cas looked at him suspiciously, not seeming convinced, “This isn’t because of earlier is it, because we kissed?”
Cas hesitantly pressed the answer call button, bringing it to his ear, not sure of what to say and still entirely confused. He heard a breath hitch on the other end. Cas spoke after a few too many moments of silence.
Dean knew Cas wouldn’t actually smite him, or at least he was fairly certain so, brushing past Cas, Dean continued in the same direction as before, and in doing so, pointedly ignored the daggers he was sure Cas was shooting into the back of his head.
His sign language had gotten much better and it was rare for him to struggle with it at this point, but now, he didn’t know what to do. Maybe it was because he didn’t even know what words to use, he wasn’t sure if Elieen could help, he wasn’t sure if anyone could help, but Sam had to try. If anyone else could understand what Sam was feeling, it would be Eileen. She had been living with them since Jack brought her back. She cared about Sam and also cared about Dean, so she was becoming increasingly worried as well.
After clearing away most of his mess, Dean went off down the hallway, following the same path that Cas had taken not too long ago.
He knew that worrying did no good, that there really was no logical reason to worry about Cas, of anyone, at the moment. He alone was beyond capable of dealing with a wendigo, something he now believed more firmly upon learning just how much of his power had returned with him. But that didn’t stop the pit in his stomach when his eyes took just a second too long to catch sight of that beige trenchcoat and messy brown hair. It was something he had no control over. An automatic response that had taken over ever since the angel had returned. Any time he did not know where Cas had gone, he panicked, something which had only become worse since starting this case.
When he opened it, Sam wasn’t there. He let out a sigh of relief, but then a little whimper caught his attention. He looked down at the ground and his breath caught in his throat. He couldn’t believe his eyes. Was that? It couldn’t be, could it?
Once it was off, Cas threw it to the floor, which was soon met by his trenchcoat, and everything else that he had on above the waist. Castiel was about to grab at his tie as well, before Dean finally found his ability to move again, raising a hand to place on Castiel’s as it loosened his tie.
“Care to elaborate?” Dean asked exasperatedly when John didn’t continue, his hand splaying out in frustration.
Dean didn’t reply, but he also didn’t let go of Cas. He tugged on his hand, leading him to his bedroom. Once they were both inside, Dean shut the door, pulling Cas further into the room. Dean could see Cas had no idea what was going on or what he was doing and if he was being honest, he didn’t know what he was doing either.
What one would perceive as Castel’s regret if he ever noticed his carelessness would inevitably become extremely fortunate for Dean.
They had made a whole day out of decorating the bunker. The library had a tree sitting alongside a bookshelf, decorated with lights, tinsel, and a whole bunch of ornaments that they’d gone out and bought together, letting Jack pick out the best ones. They had almost left the store, when something had caught Dean’s eye. It was this little angel tree topper, he wasn’t sure why exactly it caught his eye, but it did, and something about it made him smile. He grabbed it quickly before they left the store and decided to surprise everyone with it once they’d decorated the tree.
Soon, Cas had them both turning around and was leading Dean backwards towards his bed. When the backs of his legs hit it, Cas pushed him down before crawling down on top of Dean himself. By this point, they both had very noticeable bulges in their pants. Dean wasn’t completely sure what to do here, sure he had plenty of experience in bed, but never with another man, he never let himself go there. He never even admitted it to himself that maybe, he might have wanted that. It wasn’t until after he had met Cas that he realized something might be different, and by that point, the angel had been plaguing his dreams, there was no one else he could think about besides the angel.
Cas knew it wasn’t his place to tell Jack the details, but he couldn’t let him keep John here, not when he knew what he knew.
Things had been good for them then, not perfect, because is anything ever really perfect? They were both happy though. They had so much to catch up on, so much time that was lost between them.
Rusty’s cousin told Rusty about what Dean and the angel, Castiel, had said, how Castiel had gripped Dean tight and raised him from perdition. This angel saved Dean. He was forever grateful, but they were bonded now, Rusty knew it and he couldn’t get enough. Their bond was like lightning. It struck quickly and without warning. Nobody could have been certain that this bond that formed would have ever happened between the two of them, not until it was too late. This bond was so strong that Rusty could feel it.
After a few moments of standing there dumbfounded, Dean seemed to snap himself out of his head, remembering that they had a case to get on with and the drive ahead wasn’t a short one. Taking one last moment to himself to prepare for the drive ahead of them, he opened the door and got in without a word.
Dean gave Cas a look, his eyebrow raised as he tried to determine if the answer was complete bullshit or not.
Dean didn’t wait for a reply, turning around and stepping back into the hallway, heading towards the garage where the Impala was parked and waiting for them.
After it was all done and Cas had returned to heaven he went to find Mary as promised. When he found her, she looked at him with a bit of a guilty look on her face.
“Well, do you think he knows how bad Dean has gotten? I’m sure Jack still loves you both, you’re his family.”
It was something he tried not to notice or think about, but it was just so hard. There were still so many things he wanted to know about them. The sketches looked like he’d been doing them for years now, there were so many. How did he and Sam never know about this little hobby Cas picked up? It seemed strange to him. Before Dean found them, he never would have thought that Cas drew, or that he would even be any good at drawing anything. He’d never given it much thought if he was being honest, there was no reason for him to. He was a little disappointed that Cas had never shared this with him, not just the drawing themselves, but even just casually bringing it up in conversation, just mentioning that he liked to draw sometimes, not even specifics of what or who he drew, just something about it. But he never did. Not even once.
Dean had fallen asleep, he wasn’t exactly sure how long he’d been out before a noise abruptly woke him. Blinking his eyes until they adjusted to the dark room, Dean looked around, noticing Cas wasn’t sitting where he once was. Searching further, he thought Cas had left the room altogether, that was until another noise caught his attention. It was coming from the bathroom. It almost sounded like a gasp, but he must have misheard it. He
The drive itself was quiet, extremely quiet. The only sound in the car was the low rumble of the engine, the soft hum of ACDC coming through the speakers, and the little clicks the car made when he used his turn signal. No one had spoken though. Not since before they got in the car and it was unsettling to Dean.  He just wanted to talk, to say something to break the silence that had settled over them but he wasn’t sure how, or what to say. He’s not dumb, he knew
Dean thought back to the sketches again, to the other ones of him. There were one’s where he was awake, where he looked happy. These ones had to be drawn from memory or else Dean would’ve noticed. It was the details that got him with these ones. They were so detailed. It was like Cas had accounted for every last freckle on his face, every laugh line. He got it all. The amount of care and effort he put into these drawings amazed him.
Uncovering his ears and opening his eyes, which he only just realized had been closed, Dean blinked, adjusting his eyes to a brightness that he could’ve sworn had not been present minutes before.
“Dean. Look at me.” He spoke, firmly, yet comfortingly. “It’s not real. None of this is real. You need to wake up.”
Since then he hadn’t had the courage to say anything about it, to bring up what might have happened with Cas. How does someone just bring that up with their best friend who just came back from the dead yet again? You don’t, apparently. At least if someone were to ask Dean. Maybe it was better that Sam had interrupted before he had done something stupid like kiss Cas.
When he reached his hand in again, what he expected to find was a bag of fries, but that was not at all what he felt. Instead, his hand grasped upon a container, one that took him by surprise. Curiously, he pulled it out, wondering what the hell was in it, but when he saw it, he just threw it on the table carelessly with a wrinkled nose.
“Sometimes it didn’t even matter if I did something or if I deserved it… sometimes he’d just… he’d take his frustration out on me, just because I was there, just because I was around and I couldn’t- I wouldn’t do anything about it. I’d just let him hurt me, daddy’s blunt little instrument I guess…” he whispered out.
“You never deserved what he put on you, Dean. What he did to you… No father should ever put his child through that, especially not you. There was nothing wrong with you, Dean, there still isn’t.”
He used to be just fine doing things like this, but if he was being honest, he wasn’t as young as he used to be and these past few months of sitting around the bunker had gotten him pretty out of shape.
Since it was late when Sam found the case, they decided they would head out the next morning, Cas saying that he would tag along on this hunt.
Sam just kept smiling after the call ended. He felt a bit better hearing it from Dean, and actually hearing that he meant it when he said they were both fine and that they didn’t need any help.
“Now, don’t tell me that you two didn’t work things out. I will come back to Earth just knock you both on your arses if I have to.”
“Yeah, sure,” Sam replied as he headed towards Cas who was at the counter attempting to slice the tomato without squishing it. One could say that he wasn’t too successful at this job so Sam took over and suggested he wash and cut the lettuce instead, at least that way, the lettuce wouldn’t make a big, juicy mess if he squished it.
That was all the warning Cas had gotten, before Dean was shooting white, hot spurts all over his chest and Cas’ hand as he stroked him through his orgasm.
If only he had just a little bit more time, maybe he could have processed what was happening and told his angel that those feelings weren’t unrequited like he thought. Dean loved him just as much, even if he never fully let himself go there until now.
Cas got up from his crouch, his knees cracking as he rose. He walked back towards the chair and picked it up, carrying it to the other side of Dean’s bed, the right side. He set it against the wall beside his headboard, having to so it was facing Dean. Then he sat down.
He turned on his phone, and there was his name. Still there from the last time he did this, he was still sitting in the same spot, sitting on the floor of his room, back leaning against his bed. There was nothing else for him to do besides this. How long had it even been since he last called? A few minutes, a few hours? He didn’t know. All he knew was that it had been too long since he heard the angel’s voice, so he pressed the call button again.
He really shouldn’t have continued speaking because for some reason his brain and his mouth were not communicating very well today. He decided the best thing to do was to just shut up, at least until Cas had spoken, if he ever did.
It wasn’t enough to quell his rage though, he went in for a swift kick to John’s ribs, then was about to lean down and pick the man off the floor by his collar when a hand grabbed his shoulder.
Dean shook his head in an attempt to focus on drawing the last of the fourth symbol. Once finished, he stood up and took a few steps away to find another area that was clear enough for what he needed to do.
He continued shouting for a while, his throat starting to hurt, but he couldn’t stop. He knew it was possible. He had done it before with Ruby.
“‘m fine, Cas. Don’t worry about it,” he muttered, avoiding Cas’ gaze by looking down at his hands which were now fiddling with the edge of his blanket.
The rest of the trip was done in relative silence, other than when Dean read off a few items on the list, but before no time, they were at the checkout and paying for the groceries. Dean pulled open the bags they had, handing two of them to Cas as they packed up the bags.
He didn’t want to push Cas though, he knew that there wasn’t really anywhere else for Cas to go right now. There also wasn’t anywhere he needed to be so he didn’t want to push him away this one time that he was actually able to just do as he wanted.
It was hard to see Dean’s face in the dark room, especially since he had just walked in from a brightly lit hallway.
“This is the least I could do for you after all that you gave me. You never gave up on me, Cas. Even when the world was screaming at you to do just that, you never did. You always believed in me and I’m so grateful that you did.”
Dean felt a warm heat spread across his face, but then Cas pulled his hand away from his thigh, making his body feel cold, despite the flush that was still painted on his cheeks. Dean missed the warmth of Cas’s hand instantly, but he didn’t know what to say or do after a response like that. I mean, it hadn’t really answered his question, but in a way, it also did.
Rolling his eyes, Dean tried to fake hurt, but he couldn’t keep down his own little laugh that escaped him. He couldn’t help it, not when Cas’ laugh was so contagious. Both of them were soon overcome by little giggles, only fueled by the other’s laugh and not really anything else anymore. It was ridiculous, but the more ridiculous it was, the funnier it got. There was really no reason for them to be laughing, nothing was even really that funny, yet there they were and there were Sam and Eileen sitting across the table from them just staring at them as if they’d lost their minds.
Dean and Cas were surprisingly the first ones up and about today. There was no sign that Eileen or Sam had woken yet. It seemed a bit odd but Dean just decided that maybe they were having some “alone time”.
Cas hung up the phone. His call with Claire went pretty well he thought, at least as well as it could’ve gone. He couldn’t shake what she had said about Dean from his head though. She said Dean was crying, that he had worried everyone. Dean showing emotions like that, especially outside of him and Sam was quite rare, so this seemed to be cause for concern. He’ll just have to add it to the list of things he wanted to find out more about.
The man moaned out in pleasure, breathing out Cas’ name, followed by a series of curses. Dammit, he needed
that would have made Cas proud, would have made Cas happy, would have honoured the sacrifice that he made.
Just like that, Jack started to walk over to the other angels, Cas following not too far behind. Jack was meeting most of them for the very first time, maybe some were a bit skeptical at first, him being Lucifer’s son and all, but it was hard for them not to like him or be intrigued by his presence. He had no trace of his father in him, his biological father at least. His adoptive father, well, that was an entirely different story. Maybe that’s what some of them saw or maybe it was the gift he had given them or the power that they could feel that he held, but either way, they listened to him, they wanted to listen to him.
He had just been sitting outside on a bench, not doing much of anything. He startled at the sudden noise of Mary’s voice, thinking that she was here to bring him back home, but he couldn't have been more wrong. John became angry once again. He didn’t understand how Mary and Bobby both had turned against him so fast.
I wasn’t too sure about how to get that breakout done but I wanted it in a way that we got back some of my old favourites so there we go.
Dean tries to not shut himself off from Sam and Eileen completely, he knows that they’re worried and he knows that Sam was grieving too. Sam lost Cas and Jack too. He tried to be there, just be present, just so Sam still knows he has Dean, that he didn’t lose his whole family. But this is still hard for Dean and sometimes it’s too much for him to be around them when they’re together.
Slowly, he made his way throughout the bunker, eventually making it to the hallway outside the library, hearing the soft murmur of voices nearby. He recognized it as Sam’s voice quite quickly and assumed that maybe he was on the phone since he hadn’t heard Dean.
Another song started playing. Cas was dead still as it started. If the other songs hadn’t registered in Dean what these songs meant, then surely this one would give it all away. Cas couldn’t have written a better song than this if he tried.
“Well, I was trying to cut the pineapple, it proved to be a more difficult task that I had originally anticipated and I guess I forgot about the bacon for a few minutes.”
He didn’t know what else to do, Dean couldn’t feel anything but loss and pain and longing. Longing for Castiel, his angel. So, he did what he thought he should do, he tried to think about what he would have normally done. He tried to make those around him happy, because if he couldn’t be, then at least the ones he loved could be happy, they could be free. Sam, Jack, Jody, Donna, Garth, and all the rest of them could be happy. They could be alive.
This continued on throughout the second day. Dean kept bumping into Cas when he was around and he kept standing way too close. It was a very long day and Dean just couldn’t wait to get back to the motel and go to sleep for the night.
His lips made their way to Dean’s neck, kissing and nipping their way along it as his hands slid down Dean’s body, all the way to his jeans. His fingers fumbled clumsily for a moment to get the button undone before undoing the zipper as well and shoving his pants down his legs. Dean tried to step out of them but before he could, Cas was grabbing the back of his thighs and was lifting him up onto the table.
As they ate dessert, Dean kept his leg pressed firmly against Cas’, not wanting to be apart from him now. Once they were done, Dean followed them to the kitchen, watching as the three of them cleaned up. They wouldn’t let Dean touch a single dish, so he just sat on top of the table, swinging his legs as they worked.
“Okay, I guess Dean’s been acting a bit different than he normally does, but it’s fine, Sam. If he wants to talk then he can. He knows we’re both here for him, so if he’s not ready I’m not going to push him. I don’t see how that’s ever done any good.”
Deciding that he might as well cook enough for everyone and he even went back to the fridge to grab the pack of turkey bacon he saw laying around for Sam.
“From what Dean has told me, he is extremely homophobic and quite vocal about it too. Always has been and I don’t think he’d understand that I really don’t have a gender, he’d only see me as my vessel, the way I choose to look here for your sake.”
There were other drawings too, other images, places, people. There were some of Sam and Jack, and some with all three of them, but Cas was never in them. Even if Dean was sure he could pinpoint the memory, he could place Cas somewhere in that moment, Cas was never there. It was always seemingly drawn from an outside point of view, as if Cas was just sitting there, watching it all unfold as if he was never there. Like a stranger looking in.
The process had been long and extremely taxing on Jack. The first one was the hardest. He needed to get it just right, he couldn’t make a mistake, this was too important. He went over everything Chuck had taught him dozens of times before he even thought about actually attempting it.
They talked for a few minutes, Sam asking how Cas was and how the case was going. Dean explained that they were pretty sure it was a wendigo and that they were heading just about to head out to the woods. It really did sound like they were fine, that they could handle it, yet Sam still wasn’t able to hold himself from making sure.
“What’s going on?” He questioned. He didn’t want to push, but if something was wrong then he wanted to know.
There wasn’t much left behind by the angel this time. His whole being was gone. There was no body to burn this time, no trench coat for him to hold on to. He needed to focus on saving all the people Chuck hurt, but it was so hard. All he could think about was Cas.
Cas just hummed in agreement, watching as Dean walked over towards the other side of the bed, turning the light off on his way. Discarding his jeans in a heap on the floor, he finally flopped down onto the bed with a content groan that Cas could hear loud and clear from his own seated position on the bed. It didn’t take long for the sounds of snoring to become clear in the room, signalling to Cas that Dean had fallen asleep, and quite quickly, he might add.
“Who the hell is this?” John yelled out then, interrupting the two of them. He was looking back and forth between the three of them as he held the side of his face in pain.
The line was silent for a few moments before Claire answered. She was probably trying to process it all.
With that, Cas disappeared, returning to heaven, to try and figure out a way to save Castiel knowing that nothing could be done about Chuck at the moment.
I wasn't sure if I wanted to post today because this may not be the happiest fic of all time, but I thought why not. It's Christmas so here's a little gift in the form of an extra post!
"Just make sure your grace doesn't get up my ass," he mumbled with his mouth still full, too afraid to look up. He could hear a little huff then, which sounded a bit like a quiet laugh before he could feel a tingling sensation on his right butt cheek, which made him jump immediately.
It was dark, rain drizzling from up above. There was no one else around, it was quiet apart from the sound of the rain hitting the ground or the occasional sound of a car driving nearby or a dog barking in the distance. Jack couldn’t help but pity the sight he saw before him now. Chuck was crouched down on the ground, pulling at his thin jacket to try and find some warmth. He was leaning against a dumpster and a brick wall, trying to get cover from the rain. He jumped slightly when he noticed a presence. He didn’t lift his eyes at first, trying to ignore this stranger that had appeared, but when Jack didn’t move after a few minutes, he turned his gaze upwards, meeting Jack’s eye. It took a moment for him to register the familiar face, but when he did, his facial expression changed and he looked away swiftly, clearly not wanting to talk to him.
“It’s almost not fair just how beautiful you look like this,” he hummed, his eyes wandering along Dean’s body, noticing the slight flush that had arisen and the way Dean looked so completely shocked by his words.
As Dean’s eyes closed, Cas could hear his breathing was still a bit ragged so he slowly and gently placed a hand on Dean’s back, stroking it with his fingers and he felt Dean relax into the touch. His breath began to even as he drifted off, Cas’s hand not leaving him once as Dean slept tucked into his side.
After brushing past a few branches and other various plants, the object caught Dean’s attention as well.
His breath caught in his throat, forgetting how to breathe and then, he sat up, sliding to the edge of the table once more, bringing his body into contact with Castiel’s.
Once Cas was certain that Dean was asleep and wasn’t going to wake up, he headed right for the bathroom, closing the door behind him and only then did he turn on the lights so as not to disturb Dean. Now in the quiet space of the bathroom, Cas leaned back against the wall, finally feeling like he was able to breathe for the first time in almost an hour. It really hadn’t felt like that amount of time though. No, it felt like an eternity just sitting there, only a few feet away from Dean after he’d seen just exactly what he was wearing under those sweatpants.
No matter the way, he needed to know, he needed to save heaven. He could let it die, he couldn’t let all the billions of souls there be forced out and thrown back down to Earth where they would roam for eternity, never finding peace.
He hadn’t been thinking then, or probably, much more accurate, he had been thinking too much. His mind had been racing, trying to catch up with what his eyes were seeing, what his ears were hearing, all the thoughts were spinning around inside his head, each one fighting for Dean’s attention. He couldn’t think clearly, not with all the noise, but now that some time had passed and he was able to process what had happened, he was thinking more clearly.
Cas was about to argue with Balthazar about that when he saw the look he gave him. Balthazar was not taking any of his shit.
After a series of hugs and goodbye’s, Dean and Cas packed their bags into the impala and off they went.
Cas cut in this time. “We just need to know what happened that night, if you could just walk us through it as best as you can. We know it won’t be easy, and you might not remember-”
“Cas, uh, are you alright there, man?” Sam asks, trying his best to withhold his laughter. Dean, on the other hand, is not as successful. A deep chuckle rumbles out of his throat as he looks at Cas questioningly.
He listened to the rest of the tape with a smile on his face, thinking about how much time and effort Dean must’ve put into this one thing for Cas. Why did he even think to do this for Cas? Was there a reason? Did he spend hours thinking about which songs he wanted on it or did he just know?
“No,” Cas replied simply and then he brought his face forward, crashing his lips into Dean’s, finally bringing him into a kiss, a kiss that they had both been waiting for since before Rusty had even become rusty.
“I think so... I guess this also means we’re on the right track. Maybe we should take a look around, see if we can find anything else?”
Afterwards, he removed himself from on top of Dean and collapsed onto Dean’s chest for a few moments as they both were still breathing heavily. Eventually, he rolled off to the side, to lay next to Dean. They didn’t say anything for a few moments, both still thinking about what had just happened. Cas didn’t want to be the first to speak, he didn’t want to startle Dean or scare him away.
He heard another noise, a whimper of sorts. Maybe it was just an animal that was injured, maybe he should find out. He started to take a few careful steps towards the bush when out popped… a dog?
Not knowing how long Dean would be in the bathroom, Cas made quick work of changing into his new, not wet, clothes. He had to admit, he quite liked these clothes. They may have been a little big on him, but they were comfortable and maybe the fact that they smelt like Dean didn’t hurt either.
So many maybes, but he didn’t have any answers. This dog brought up so many new questions, but it also gave him one thing. Hope.
Cas decided Dean had had enough then, and grabbed hold of the waistband and removed both his sweatpants and underwear in one fluid motion, socks coming off with them. He flung it all to the ground, not caring where it landed.
No injuries seemed to be as serious as the one Dean had suffered, at least those sustained externally. For the most part, it was all cuts and bruises, but for those who’d been there the longest, had begun to feel the effects of a lack of food and water.
It was Dean’s turn to kiss and tease the angel, now. Dean made quick work of it, however, as he was growing impatient. Soon his fingers were undoing his belt and then pulling down his pants, along with his boxers, until Cas was naked.
“Well yes, he- he told me that once he experienced a moment of... of true happiness, it would come for him, that it’d take him away, forever. I didn’t understand why he was telling me this at that point, I was still so caught up in thinking we were both going to die- that
Still, after watching the sobs force his body to shake even harder, Castiel decided that it was worth the risk to wake him. He was taking a step or two back to prepare for the great sleeping beast that was Dean when he heard a mumble. It was quiet, probably inaudible to the human ear, but luckily, Castiel wasn’t human.
Dean noticed Cas’s disappointment, honestly wanting to help out, but he really had no idea where he left his charger. In an attempt to help him out, he spoke up once again.
“Oh, I see,” Chuck smirked. “It’s about the rapidly declining angel problem, huh? What makes you think that I’d care about any of that? Go bother someone else.”
It was stupid, he knew that, to just pretend that he minded, that he found it creepy or weird, but what else was he supposed to do? He couldn’t just come out and say that Cas could watch him sleep whenever, especially when Sam was around. That would’ve been weird.
In no time it seemed that Cas had already managed to get 3 fingers inside himself, judging by his facial expressions and this one sound that Cas had made when he first started. He had only made it a few times since. It was a low, gasping whine of sorts and Dean couldn’t imagine how he would sound when he finally decided to take Dean inside of him. Dean wasn’t sure if he could handle that, feeling Cas around him, hearing the noises that he would make, seeing the pleasure spread across his face.
Afterwards, Cas would walk with Dean to his room. They both go in and close the door, sometimes Miracle would already be in there, laying on Dean’s bed, but other times he’d be off sleeping elsewhere in the bunker.
Cas was worried though. He knew John was in heaven, he knew how Dean would feel about this when he came here. He knew Jack might not understand it all, he probably wouldn’t, after all, Dean had never really talked to him about it and neither had Sam. He didn’t know much about John other than he was their father and that he wasn’t necessarily the greatest dad ever.
Dean would pick at a meal that Sam had brought him, he hardly ate anything anymore and Sam stopped pestering him about it. He knows Sam knows that there’s more to the story, that there are things that Dean isn’t telling him. Sam’s not stupid, and Dean also knows that Sam is worried.
Genuine concern was evident in Dean’s eyes, but also a little bit of something else, maybe a bit of fear? He wasn’t sure.
He didn’t tell them everything though. He left out what woke him up, what motivated him to escape back to Earth, he left out his conversations with Mary and Rowena, the one’s about Dean. He left out the reason why John was no longer in heaven and where he was now.
He felt a pressure on his arm, feeling the warmth of Cas’ hand on his bare skin. He held his breath for a moment, before opening his eyes, blinking a few times. He brought his gaze down to where Cas’ hand was still resting on his arm and then looked up at the angel looking down at his face. A small smile appeared on his lips.
The conversation carried on, light and carefree. Miracle had also joined them, laying down at Dean’s feet. He was being good so Dean decided to give him a piece of bacon, much to Sam’s disapproval.
Cas glanced back down to the filing cabinet nearby, gesturing towards it. “I had just been doing some reading on some spell the Men of Letter had been experimenting with. It sounded interesting…”
Dean looked down and he watched Cas fully strip down in front of him, his hand falling from Cas’ hair as he watched and caught sight of his naked body, his cock bouncing lightly.
Dean hadn’t specified which of the two back pockets it was, partly because he assumed it would be obvious to Cas which one once he looked but apparently Cas hadn’t bothered with that. Instead, Cas just grabbed Dean by the fucking hips and spun him around because apparently, he couldn’t just walk himself. The unexpected movement of his body was not something Dean was able to process very fast and before he had even fully realized Cas was now behind him, Cas had made yet another move that caused a gasp to rush past Dean’s lips in surprise. That was because immediately after Dean had found himself being manhandled by an angel, Cas had decided to not remove his hands from Dean’s body, instead opting to simply slide them onto either side of Dean’s ass to feel which pocket contained the pocket knife.
“No… I don’t think it works like that. I haven’t uhh, I haven’t felt anything since I returned to the bunker. I’m not really sure how it worked but I think our distance from one another may have played a role in it, as well as any extremely strong emotions…”
“Well, I guess I’d gotten used to being stuck with broken wings…” Cas said sadly, but before Dean could even think of something to say, Cas continued. “And besides, I haven’t really had the opportunity to fly or needed to since I returned.
Once he was done, he shuffled his way through the darkness, guided only by the flecks of light from the hall that made their way into the room through the grate in the door. When he hit his bed, he removed his pants, feeling the coolness on his legs. He then pulled back the covers, and crawled into bed, pulling the blankets tightly around his body.
Cas turned back around then, thinking that was the end conversation before he felt Sam’s eyes still on him. He turned back around looking at the younger Winchester. He must’ve had something more to say.
Dean looked back at Cas’ face and cut him off, grabbing at his tie and pulling him forward. He wasn’t going to do that awkward dance around it this time, might as well get it over with as quickly as he could.
“You know, I could yell at you right now for being so stupid, but what help would that be… You’ve only done the one thing we all taught you back on Earth. You only did the thing we all did countless times. You were faced with an impossible task and you tried your best to find answers, probably not even the worst thing we’ve all done.”
Jack snapped his fingers, feeling the power of his being swell up and focus onto this one thing. This one action. He focused his mind on that dog, that specific dog that Dean had found and sent it to where Sam was outside the bunker.
Dean nodded his head before he realized that Cas may not be able to see him too clearly in the darkness.
Anyways, I’ll just shut up now and say thank you to a certain someone who has refused to be named that helped with this chapter when my writer's block ass couldn’t do anything. And also blame Jas for encouraging this title… because apparently, we all need to be called out by Dean twice today.
Cas didn’t think he could answer that, but even now he could still feel the pain and the suffering that was burning inside of Dean and he couldn’t stop it, he couldn’t help him. Not yet. He still had a job to do here, at first it was just with the angels, but now he also had a job to do as a dad, because even though Jack was now the new God, he was still only a child and he was still Castiel’s responsibility, he still needed to take care of him and make sure he was okay.
He still wasn’t sure how he had missed the fact that his best friend was gay, but maybe really hadn’t and had instead just been in denial all these years because if it were true, then that meant that any possibility of them ever becoming a
“That we should save this guinea pig from this place and take him home with us,” Cas stated like it was completely obvious.
“Go,” Cas said loudly, whipping his head around to give Sam a glare. He was not in the mood for Sam to fight him on this. Not even a moment later, Sam was walking out of the barn, in the direction the children had run earlier.
These little pieces that Cas had left behind weren’t enough. Maybe all together it seemed like something, but it wasn’t much at all, not for Dean. The only thing that would be enough for Dean was having Cas there and getting to hold him in his arms.
“I’m fine, Jody, everything’s great.” He really did mean it too, unlike so many times before when he lied through his teeth while speaking those exact same words. “How’s everything going there?”
“I’m sorry that we’re asking this of you. But it would be very helpful. Just start with that night maybe, what were you all doing before it happened? What was the environment like around you?”
It was Cas. The angel just couldn’t handle having Dean out of sight for a few seconds and it was becoming too much. Sure, he played it off like a joke before, even though he knew there may have been some reason for Cas’ worry, but that didn’t mean he was
Cas’ hand finally moved then, one moving to cup the back of Dean’s neck and the other placed on his hip.
If Cas was shocked by these feelings from Dean, he was absolutely shaken by what he felt next. Almost immediately the feelings of intense desire and bliss were turned into something so broken that Cas felt in his core. He was overcome with a sense of longing and heartbreak that he had never felt before.
Cas shifted then, reminding Dean that their faces weren’t the only parts of them that were close. Just that little shift, brought the rest of their bodies in full contact with one another. He realised then that he was getting hard, and now Cas must’ve felt it too as Dean was pressed up against the angel’s hip. Dean was not alone here, however, as Cas was also pressed right up against him, and Dean could feel the rock hard bulge in his pants.
“Dean,” Cas spoke softly as he leaned closer to the man. He had been watching that whole little exchange unfold and didn’t understand a word of it, only that Dean clearly didn’t want to talk about something that Sam clearly did.
“Because it needs sleep, and it needs total silence to sleep. It basically loses its mind if it becomes too loud in here, so I think if there were enough of us, we could make it loud enough, and there would be too many of us for it to deal with. It’d have no choice but to send us all back.”
The dream couldn’t last though, they never did, always having to end and this ending came much too soon and in the form of emerald green eyes, blown wide from pleasure.
Not long after, Dean’s hands made their way to Castiel’s face, pulling the angel back up so that he could kiss him once more, somehow finding those lips addictive as hell. During the kiss, Cas took the opportunity to gently push Dean back against the table.
“I- uh,” Dean stuttered out. “No? I just- let’s go to bed.” His voice had grown higher than normal. A lot higher.
“Dean, calm down, please. I swear it’s really me. Ask- ask me anything, please. Let me prove it to you.”
A lot had changed since then, now, instead of having Jack to talk to, he had Elieen. One thing remained the same though, on the nights when Sam woke, he still heard Dean, it was just happening more and more frequently now.
“Look, we don’t want to lie to you. We really can’t tell you for sure what happened to them, not until we go out there. But we think you could really help us out with this so that what happened to you doesn’t happen to anyone else.”
Voices, that's what he heard. All around him, muffled, not allowing him to hear what they were really saying, but they seemed important, familiar even. He wanted so desperately to know what they were saying. Louder and louder they grew until his hands were covering his ears in pain. Then, suddenly, it all stopped. Everything was quiet, almost eerily so, not a sound to be heard.
When he reached Dean’s cock, he continued further down, and nipped lightly at Dean’s inner thighs, just to tease him a little, before soothing them with his tongue. Dean watched as Cas lifted his knees so his legs were now bent. He continued to watch as Cas slicked up his fingers, before they disappeared beneath Dean.
“Good. Now that we got that out of the way…” Cas trailed off, the hands that were still holding onto Dean’s shirt, now sliding down and lifting it up above Dean’s head, with no signs of protest from the hunter.
Rusty had heard about the brother’s for years now, them and their stupidity, but then one night. things had begun to change. Rusty’s cousin in South Dakota had witnessed something once. It was a dark night, quiet, when Dean and Bobby just happened to pick the barn that Rusty’s cousin resided in. Out of all the barns they chose that one. Rusty’s cousin told Rusty every last detail of what it saw.
Cas didn’t respond though, instead one of his hands grabbed Dean’s hip as he lined himself up with Dean and pushed himself slowly inside of him.
“Okay, let me just…” Dean reached into his pocket, struggling a little from his sitting position to grab his phone out. Once he had it, he turned it on, seeing how it was already in the contacts app. He scrolled down to Claire’s name before pressing the call button, pressing the phone against his ear.
Later that night, they scoped out the place. It was a small house in a quiet neighbourhood. It was empty when they got there. It looked like no one had been there for a few days. Somehow they must have caught wind of them being there, maybe Tommy heard them talking at the restaurant. They weren’t too sure, so they searched the house, hoping to find any clues as to where they might have gone, but they had no luck.
After all that, he kind of just assumed Cas would go with him if he left since that was becoming the new normal for them both.
Dean was about to speak, to tell him it was fine and not to worry about it or to crack some stupid joke that he’d probably later regret, but was cut off by the buzzing of his phone on the table. With an almost inaudible sigh, he picked it up seeing that it was Jody on the line.
breaks Dean out of his train of thought and he looks down at Cas to see what the sound was. He froze. There Cas was, staring Dean right in the eyes as he lowered his hand onto Dean’s dick. Dean shuddered when he finally made contact, closing his eyes.
Now that he was alone, he needed to deal with his problem. There was no way he was going to be able to sleep with this thing begging for attention. He wanted to just jump in the shower, but he knew Cas would probably question it if he just decided to just have a shower in the middle of the night so he didn’t bother.
Cas shoved him against another wall then, one without a fucking rebar on it. He looked Dean in the eyes, unblinking as he directed his next words to the other Winchester.
He was having a hard time breathing at this point, so he reluctantly pulled away for a moment. Cas was wasting no time, however, and used this to his advantage, gripping his shirt in his hands and pulling it over Dean’s head, tossing it to the floor. He then followed suit with his own, pulling it over his head as well.
“Okay, okay… I’m worried too. I-I’ll try again. I’ll keep trying until he comes. He is still family, so maybe he’ll make an exception to his new way of doing things.”
There it was, Dean was proved wrong, yet again. He was absolutely beaming at Cas now, feeling the love and joy flood his body, his entire soul.
Suddenly, Dean felt Cas line their dicks up with each other lightly. Dean tried to buck up for more pressure, more friction, but that’s when Cas pulled away again.
After breakfast, they decided it would be a good time to exchange gifts. They went to the library, which had been completely transformed into what Dean had described as “looking like a Christmas parade threw up in there” and he wasn’t wrong, as Sam had even agreed with him.
Dean blushed a little, trying to hide it by letting out a small chuckle and turning away from Cas to put the bottles in a bin to be recycled later. There hadn’t been much to clean up so it only took them a few minutes before Dean was ready to head off to his room.
Cas only nodded very quickly and before Dean could say another word, Cas was brushing past him and heading to the kitchen.
Cas came back to press his body flush against Dean’s and attacked his mouth with his own. There was no space left between them as they started to rut against each other.
“You think I don’t know that?” Dean nearly yelled out, clearly frustrated over the bites and giving Cas yet another reason to be smug.
“Shut up, Sammy.” He said, the words rushing out before he took a few more steps into the bathroom, fumbling for the door and slamming it shut, leaving him all alone and drowning out the sounds of Sam’s laughter.
“Like I said, I don’t mind, Dean. Why don’t we go find Sam and Jack, I’m sure you’re hungry and dinner should be ready soon.”
Cas released his tight hold on him then, stepping back, but leaving one hand on his shoulder as he gazed at his son for possibly the last time.
Cas pulled back from Dean then, one hand on his shoulder now. He could feel the tears wetting his cheeks, but he didn’t care if Dean saw them. It wasn't a weakness to show emotion. He looked Dean in the eyes again as he spoke.
During Cas’ speech, he had already stepped out of his room, and his slow walk had turned into something more urgent as he went. By the time he made it to the map room, he was sprinting. He took the stairs two at a time and, just like last time, he paused when he reached the door.
This time his voice did not falter. It was loud and clear. He shouted at the top of his lungs, praying someone would hear him.
Cas tilted his head to the side a little and brought his mouth right up against Dean’s ear, lips brushing lightly.
“But do you?” Sam shot out, maybe a bit too harshly. “I mean we’ve both seen him grieving but this… this was a whole other thing.”
When Cas, the last one of them to finish, did, he pulled out, then collapsed, half laying on top of Dean and half on the table. A blissful feeling overtook him then, even though he was fucking exhausted. Silence settled between them, both only realizing now just how loud they’d been and how thankful they were that the bunker was completely empty.
Dean’s breath caught in his throat when he felt his fingers slide their way under his shirt, his fingers brushing against his skin lightly at first, but then he got a more firm grip underneath, trailing his hand underneath his shirt and to his chest.
“Yes, Dean… it’s all the TV”s fault that you have an unhealthy obsession,” Cas said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
Sam put a hand over his eyes, trying his best not to fall down the stairs as he went. He did NOT want to see any of that again.
A few days went by and Dean didn’t feel so alone anymore, he was starting to show signs of his old self again, and then something happened, something always seems to happen.
The changes that he saw were starting to scare him. This behaviour was anything but healthy. He was worried for Dean, he’d never acted like this before. He also never used to cry like this, at least not this often, maybe it had happened a few times in his life, but this? This was different. Sam knew something had happened, something had to have happened for Dean to become this different and this shut off from him and Eileen. He didn’t know what to do, so he tried discussing it with her.
Sam couldn’t let him go though. Sam prayed, he begged Jack or anyone to come, to save his brother. He couldn’t let him go out like this. The overwhelming emotion that Sam showed hit Rusty, Rusty did something then, he prayed alongside Sam. He couldn’t let Dean go now, not after all this. He prayed to Castiel, hoping that he would hear Rusty, that he would come and save their hunter.
“I’ve been thinking about that and yes, we’ll have to be careful, we need to make sure that we can trust them, we don’t want them calling someone unnecessary and be stuck with dealing with them on Earth again. For starters, we don’t want Raphael or Lucifer coming back… That could be, well... that could be a huge problem once again.”
The two of them stayed in relative silence for the majority of the time. It wasn’t awkward though, it was pleasant, calming even. Both of them just enjoying having the other nearby. Cas stood near Dean for most of the time, just watching as he cooked. Occasionally, Dean would ask Cas to grab him something or to pass him something that was on the other side of him.
Castiel made a decision then, one he hadn’t considered before due to him trying to respect Dean’s privacy, but something else took over when he heard those words. With two quick steps forward, Castiel touches Dean’s head and then everything around him changes.
Cas didn’t have to fill Bobby in very much about their earlier conversation, not after what had happened, plus, Bobby had known John after Mary’s death. He was able to see parts of him, the parts that changed and became more prominent after she was gone.
The way Dean loved so strongly and deeply, the way he actually cared about the people around him and fought for those people, fought for the whole world, in fact, because of how strongly he believed it to be right. Even when all seemed impossible, Dean kept fighting. He didn’t give up, he wouldn’t sacrifice the whole world for his own happiness or personal gain, quite the opposite actually. Dean would give everything he had for the sake of other people, people he didn’t even know. He would sacrifice his own happiness or even his life.
Cas felt the loss of Dean’s warm hand, but he didn’t have time to dwell on it, not with what Dean was telling him. What exactly
“Those two weeks were some of the worst of my life, and I know I can’t blame Sam for thinking they were some of the best for him. He got away from dad and even from me.”
Cas was beginning to maybe think he should have waited to give this to Dean until later. That was the original plan. To give it to Dean before he went to sleep, then he could listen to it by himself another time. Then Cas wouldn’t have to sit here with him, just waiting for him to say something. Waiting while he opened his heart up to the other man.
Cas hesitantly toed off his shoes, leaving them on the floor and pulled back the covers. He climbed into Dean’s bed, sitting down, with his back resting against the headboard as he brought the covers back over his legs.
Castiel's eyes narrowed dangerously and Dean lowered his head because he knew exactly what was about to come.
Deciding that there was no way he was going to fall back asleep while they were both talking, Dean just let his thoughts run wild. But they really didn’t run far. Only to last night really, to his and Cas’ conversation.
A small bump of Castiel’s chin to his clothed erection had a gasp escaping his lips, he could feel the stubble grazing against him. Even though he had been watching the whole thing, it still surprised him when his mouth finally made its way to his panties. His tongue makes sure to clean up every last bit of come. But, once it was gone, he didn’t stop, he didn’t remove his mouth. Instead, he traded the small swipes of his tongue for hot, open-mouthed kisses right over Dean’s still rock-hard cock.
“Cas, everything alright,” Dean asked as he walked up to Cas, a bit concerned as to what could be wrong.
He wanted to go to Sam, to tell him that Cas was back, that it would be okay, that they shouldn’t give up hope, but he didn’t, he
“Yeah alright,” Dean replied, remembering the delicious apple pie sitting in front of him. He was ready to devour it. Gosh, it smelt so good.
A dark look took over Castiel’s features, with his pupils blown wide. They both just stood there silently, Dean pretty damn sure that if he said anything it would be the last thing he said so he remained silent, waiting for Cas to speak first.
“I um, I turned angel radio back on for a bit. I thought it’d be nice to check-in, just to see how all the changes are going.”
But also, a message? Did he really just hear Cas right? He had no recollection of leaving a message at any point, so he must’ve been extremely drunk at the time. God only knows what he said on it.
This continued for a few minutes, Castiel testing just how long Dean would let this continue and apparently he found his answer when suddenly, a hand shot down, wrapping itself around the tie that was still clinging loosely to Castiel’s neck. With a sharp tug, Dean had pulled Castiel back up to his face.
He can’t talk about him, not with Jack, not with Sam. They don’t understand, not really, not the way that he feels. He knows Jack lost a father, and Sam lost one of his best friends, but to Dean, it was always more. He had always felt more, even if he chose not to admit it to himself.
Dean picked up within a few rings and thankfully, he hadn’t woken him. He had actually just interrupted his breakfast, which wasn’t really the worst thing.
“Yes. Actually wait, on second thought… we don’t need to tell Sam about this just yet. Why do I need to be the only one having a heart attack over this?”
When he was done, he turned off the water and stepped out onto the bathmat, feeling the cool air attack his still wet skin. Hurriedly, he reached for the towel sitting nearby and quickly dried himself before wrapping it loosely around his waist.
When he came across Cas a few minutes later, he more so heard Cas than saw him at first. Confusion hit him first, because why the hell was he gasping so loudly, and then, his heart stopped, but his feet did not. He followed that sound, needing to know the reason for it more than anything at that moment. He followed it all the way to the guest bedroom, the bedroom that Cas tended to use when he was around. The sound only got louder as he got closer to the door, and soon he realized that the reason for it being so loud was because the door wasn’t even closed all the way. Cas was in such a hurry to get away earlier, that he hadn’t even noticed he hadn’t closed the door all the way.
Instead of arguing further, Cas took it upon himself to end the conversation altogether by pushing Dean down against the hard table, his mouth now diving down to follow the exposed skin that was his chest, continuing further and further down, stopping when he reached the very obvious bulge that was Dean’s sweatpants. He didn’t take them off though, not yet. He wanted to have some fun first.
The drive was pretty uneventful. Dean drove, while Sam was beside him and Cas was in the back, behind Sam. They arrived in town early in the evening, finding a motel to stay at and then heading out for food, before settling in for the night to do a bit more research before heading to bed.
"That doesn't mean there aren’t any around anymore. Just think about it, the area and the timing both seem right. Didn't Jody say the last time that happened here was 27 years ago?"
Dean didn’t know what else to say so he got up out of bed and headed to the bathroom to have a shower.
Dean was ready to pass out once they’d gotten back, but he hadn’t forgotten his promise to Cas to let him borrow something that wasn’t sticky and covered in beer. Walking over to his duffle bag that was still laying on the bed, he grabbed some clothes for Cas, one of everything since he really wasn’t sure about just how much damage had been done and he also didn’t want to ask. He did, however, grab two pairs of pants, some jeans and some sweatpants, deciding to leave it up to Cas to choose.
Before Dean had even finished speaking, Cas had taken his egg in both hands, and applied a little too much pressure, causing the whole shell to be crushed, resulting in several pieces of the shell plopping down into the bowl along with the runny insides.
Cas got a faint smile on his face at the memory of the man he had met while living on the streets. He hadn’t known him for long, about a week at most, but it was interesting to him how something so small could bring a person such joy.
Cas wasn’t laughing though, his face remained the same as he leaned in closer, his lips just grazing Dean’s ear.
The feeling was new, but it was very much welcomed. Dean didn’t think he could get enough of this, so he pushed his own hips back into Cas’. The sound that escaped Cas’ mouth, was a sound Dean didn’t think he’d ever forget. Dean wanted to hear that sound again, so he grabbed onto either side of Cas’ hips and flipped them around, so now it was Cas who was being pressed against the door.
Cas pulled off him then, rising up to Dean’s level, looking him Dean in the eyes. Dean’s hand was still tightly wound in Cas’ hair.
“I left you for what? Five fucking minutes and you do this!? You just what? Let yourself get killed by vamp number 2 over here? Seriously, Dean. are you kidding me?!”
Technically it wasn’t a lie. Coming back had been different this time than any other for a variety of reasons. He’d missed a lot. Like them finally defeating Chuck and bringing everyone back.
It was okay though, they never really celebrated Christmas like this growing up. It was usually just him and Sam, exchanging a small gift or two, and then ordering a pizza for dinner while they watched whatever Christmas movie was playing on the TV.
Poking out from under the considerable-sized pile of clothes on Dean’s bed was something that looked like a cord. Starting to feel a swell of accomplishment, Cas walked towards the bed to get a closer look, fairly certain that this was what he had been searching for.
Cas was the one who shifted uncomfortably now. If it hadn’t actually been Dean and he mentioned the sketchbooks then Dean would certainly like to know more about them and Cas was still quite shy about the drawings, more specifically some of the subjects in the drawings.
Once again, Dean starts to drink. It seems like this was becoming a regular occurrence. This is how most nights seemed to go now.
Dean was the one who pulled away, needed to get some air. His forehead rested against the angel’s again, looking into his blue eyes. They were breathtaking. He didn’t think anything could be better than this moment, that anything could possibly bring him more joy than this.
Something strange happened that night though. Dean had a dream. Not just any kind of dream though. The kind of dream where you wake up all hot and bothered and you can’t stop thinking about it for ages afterwards.
He asked as he handed it to Dean to squirt some on his fingers. Dean did this without thinking. He didn’t have a chance to think about what Cas was going to do next, because as soon as he was done, Cas leaned down, and put his mouth right next to Dean’s ear.
It hadn’t taken him long to pick it up, although it may have taken longer than usual, because him being his dumb, nervous self, actually let the phone slip through his fingers the first time, causing him to have to reach out again to actually grab it, check for any signs of damage and then properly shove it in his pocket.
He went outside the bunker, wanting some privacy, he didn’t want to be overheard. It was a cool night, there was a slight breeze blowing through the air, brushing a few strands of hair into his eyes. He brushed them away as he walked a bit away from the bunker, into the trees. He paused when he reached a tall oak tree, sitting on the ground beneath it, with his back supported by the trunk. He closed his eyes, taking a few deep breaths and tried to collect his thoughts before he began.
Cas would take his seat on the chair that was now right up against Dean’s bed and he’d sit there silently while Dean brushed his teeth and got ready for bed.
Sam had missed out on his morning run today, so he planned to go on one in the evening when the sun was setting. It had been a beautiful day outside, perfect for a run. He was getting pretty beat, but he was so close to being done. Only a kilometre left.
Dean raised his eyebrow at the angel, about to question his movements, when Castiel pushed him back against the table, his ass hitting the edge and then resting on top.
Sam offered up a hopeful smile, he knew losing Cas was hard for Jack too and he just wanted to be there for him.
With a sign, he turned off the phone, heading towards the kitchen, where Cas assumed Dean probably still was. He decided not to say anything about it, just for now though.
A noise broke Dean from this train of thought. It was Cas. He saw his face scrunch up in pleasure and the sounds he was making, whimpering Dean’s name, Dean never wanted to hear Cas say his name in any other way.
He shut off his phone, not bothering to wait for a reply. He spent the rest of his night laying there in his bed, just thinking. He was starting to drift off after a while and before he did, he sent out one little prayer, not much, maybe it wasn’t even enough to be heard, but he did it anyway.
Jack looked like he was close to tears, and now Cas felt guilty. He didn’t just leave Dean behind, but he left Sam and Jack too.
“We’re stronger than you think we are. It’s not that easy to get rid of us, even if you tried. I promise I’m not going anywhere, Dean.”
Cas stretched out his right arm, slipping it underneath Dean’s shoulder, pulling him closer until Dean’s head was resting on his chest.
Once the door closed behind Dean, Castiel walked towards several pieces of clothing that Dean had left out for him. He picks up the jeans, inspecting them, before wrinkling his nose and putting them down. Next, he grabbed the sweatpants, they were Dean’s favourite pair, he knew that. They were soft and looked warm. He decided upon them, partly wondering why Dean liked them so much.
Dean didn’t know how much longer he was going to last, Cas had hardly touched him and he felt like he was going to explode. He couldn’t take it anymore.
A few hours and two gas stops later, he was so close, maybe ten minutes away and he still had no idea what he would say or do when he got there. In almost no time, he was on the road leading to the bunker, and then there it was. He could see it.
“To Sam, those two weeks were some of the best of his life, but to me they were hell. Dad blamed me for it. Sam left on my watch, he left when I went out, when I went out to see someone… a- a friend... Dad just lost it when he found out about why I left… I didn’t even tell him who I saw but- but I think he knew. Then I was alone with him, I was the only one around and he was- he was so upset about it all. I ended up in the hospital that time, usually, it didn’t get that bad or even if I should have gone I didn’t. But that time was bad, one of the worst I think and I just- I wanted to get away from him.”
It was late, just after 3:00am when Sam had woken up to use the bathroom. He stumbled out of bed and was heading for the door when he heard a noise. It seemed to be muffled slightly by his door, so he slowly reached his hand out to turn the door handle, his door opening with a creek.
“You’re really gonna regret leaving me there like that…” Dean whispered out, his voice lower than normal. Without warning, Dean spun the angel around so his back was facing him now.
Things had been going fairly well so far. They had only been there for around forty-five minutes and were almost done with the list. So far, they’d been able to find everything.
Dean blushed, and tried to hide it with a yawn, he then lifted himself off Cas slightly to stretch out his arms and back.
Sam tried to play it off. He kind of did promise her that he’d stop worrying so much, it really wasn’t good for him, but he just needed to hear it from Dean this time, just once and then he could take a breath.
It had been a long day, Dean had been up late the night before setting up the room for Jack’s new bunny and then he had woken up earlier than normal that morning. To top it off, he spent a lot of time cleaning that day, so he was getting pretty tired when it came to the third movie.
He knew it wasn’t his own pain, he was able to tell the difference more easily now. It consumed his whole being, that one sharp pain before it faded out to a dull sort of throbbing. Knowing in an instant where it was coming from, he closed his eyes, trying his best to focus on it, on the source of it in hopes of finding Dean.
As soon as Dean caught the angel's gaze, he noticed that he actually seemed to consider it, which was more than enough for now. Satisfied with his plan, he started to eat the second burger, much faster than the last one, because he wanted to avoid dropping it once more, even though it was unlikely.
“Since we’re communicating somewhat efficiently today… then technically I have no assigned gender. However, if you were to assume that I were male, based on my vessel of course, and also based on my preferences for such a vessel, then yes, I would say I identify as gay.”
“I guess I don’t have anything else to do,” Cas responded reluctantly, not entirely sure if sitting in a confined space with Dean right now was a good idea, but his brain was also now lacking any kind of reasonable excuse he could use.
Heat shot straight to Dean’s face. “What? We’re not- he- he’s not,” he started to ramble out, finally letting go of Cas and taking one full step away from him.
It felt like it took them days to gather a large enough group of angels, but time seemed to pass differently here and it was hard to keep track so he couldn’t be certain of how long it really took. Each angel they chose, they had to think about and consider carefully. They needed to be smart about this if it was going to work, and if it did work and they made it back to Earth, then they couldn’t have just any angel running around. Cas knows he was playing God here yet again, but after all the damage he has caused to heaven and Earth already, he had no other choice. He needed to be careful and if this was the only way to find his way back to Dean, he had to do it while trying to play it as safe as possible.
talk properly, even if Dean felt like it since there was so much distance between them at the moment, but either way, the silence had begun to get more than a little unnerving.
“I could never be myself back then, it was never an option. My whole life I had to pretend that this whole other side of me just didn’t exist, that it still doesn't, and it- I can’t do it anymore, Cas. I can’t keep pretending like this. Every day I look in the mirror and I- I hate what I see.”
After only a few more steps, they both realized what it was. There, lying on the ground was a small backpack, one that must’ve belonged to a child. Before either of them even touched it,  they could clearly tell it was all torn up, the front of the bag completely destroyed, which had no doubt been the cause for a few other items Dean now noticed were scattered around the bag on the ground. The one item, specifically, that seemed to catch his attention was a small stuffed cat that was lying a few feet away, covered in dirt and what he prayed was not blood.
Cas was now only about two feet away from him. This was the closest he’d been to him in a few days now, it made him nervous.
“You do know, scratching them only makes them itch even more and for a longer period of time?” Cas asked after watching Dean scratch at yet another bug bite on the back of his neck.
Once the footsteps stopped, Dean just huffed and turned over in the bed so he was now facing Cas. His eyes were now fully open, allowing him to look at the angel that was still standing above him.
Castiel turned around to face the other angel. He wasn’t sure how to play this, he wasn’t sure if Balthazar held a grudge against him. At one point, they’d have considered one another good friends, but that was years ago and before Castiel had gone mad with power and stabbed him in the back. He had been too far gone to realize that Balthazar was only trying to help because he cared, he wanted to save his brother, his friend.
Dean was faster than him though, as he had also gotten off his chair to help pick up the things Castiel had dropped, feeling a little bad for startling the angel. It also may have helped that the sketchbook had landed much closer to Dean than Castiel, allowing him to easily reach for it, not having to move too far.
Cas hadn’t noticed the call log immediately. It took him about two days to really pay attention to it and when he did, when he finally noticed he had a voicemail on his phone, he got nervous. He didn’t know for certain who left him a voicemail, but he also saw that no one had been calling him beside Dean so really the only logical answer was that it was from Dean. He had no idea what it said or how long it was. It really could’ve just been accidental and been only silence. He really had no idea, yet when he first noticed it, he was stuck staring at the phone for what felt like hours, just thinking. Maybe he shouldn’t listen to it, but then again, maybe he should. What if it was important?
The way Dean would stuff his face with food and sometimes start laughing halfway through the mouthful, even if it was kind of gross. His awkward little laughs or his jokes that only he seemed to laugh at. His obsession with pie and how he wouldn’t let it go if someone forgot to buy it, and when he did get it, he didn’t care where he was or who was around, it seemed as if it was the first meal he’d eaten in months, making noises of his approval that were audible to anyone near by.
Before Dean could say another word, Cas’ lips crashed onto his own, attacking him hungrily. Dean didn’t react at first, shocked at the sudden invasion, but then became just as hungry as the angel. Pushing up against him, sliding his hands around his waist, pulling him even closer.
Dean knows he should talk to someone about what happened. Anyone. He knows Sam would listen, that he probably wouldn’t be surprised by how they both felt. Sam knew him better than anyone, they had grown up together, knew things about each other that they’d probably rather not ever know.
Dean froze. He dropped his phone in the process out of pure shock. There stood at the foot of his bed was his angel. Dean couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t think, he couldn’t move.
“That’s exactly what I expect, or at least you fight for him, you show him that he deserves your love, that it’s something he can have, that he shouldn’t be afraid of it. You take care of him, you hear me?”
Their eyes meet as Dean speaks and Cas’ eyes soften before Dean breaks their gaze and coughs awkwardly, ruining the moment.
But even now, with Cas here, he wasn’t sure what to do. After all these months of wishing for just that, he was stuck.
Out of all the many drawings there, Dean loved them all, but there were still a few that he loved more than the others. One, in particular, was of just a place, a field. The grass was tall, looking as if it were at least a foot in the air, and in the grass, scattered about were a bunch of little wildflowers. They were everywhere, but not so much so that they were obnoxious or taking over the drawing. Dean could also see little bees buzzing around the field, going from flower to flower.
Hastily, he rubbed at his cheeks, quite harshly in fact, not wanting Cas to notice even though he knew that ship had sailed long ago. What surprised him then, was the warm grip of a hand on his wrist, gently pulling it away from his face.
He had been looking for a few days already when he stumbled upon this little cabin in the mountains. It was small, but looked quite cozy and not in bad shape at all. There were also no other cabins around for miles, which was another bonus. Dean thought it could be perfect, plus, how often do they really get to enjoy the snow?
By the time he reached the bunker, he was dead and he really needed a shower. He couldn’t wait to wash off, but first, he needed to get some water.
“‘s alright, wasn’t sleeping,” Dean replied hoarsely, turning to the other side to switch on the lamp residing on his bedside table.
Dean walked back over to the sink, briefly wetting his fingers, before walking back over to the bowl. He then proceeded to stick a wet finger into the bowl, and began to scoop out the two big pieces of shell and then all of the smaller pieces. After a few minutes he was done and was discarding the egg shells in the trash.
He slumped back in his chair and gave a defeated nod before he finished the second burger as well as the remaining bits of fries. When he was done, he got out his wallet and left enough money on the table to cover the food, before he nodded to the door. Cas got up without another word, the trenchcoat still pulled tight around his body, and even though Dean was curious, he didn't ask. At least he managed to get Cas to agree to his plan, or at least he until a better option presented itself, so he definitely didn't want to get into a fight with him after that. As soon as they left the diner, a big yawn escaped the hunter, which he tried to hide behind his hand.
Was it really that obvious all this time? He wouldn’t say it out loud, but he had been slightly nervous about what Sam would think about all of this. He also didn’t think Sam would be so quick to process this, but here he was, his younger brother was getting it all. He understood, and he knew this whole time.
This love that made him reckless at times, made him close up and push away the people that he cared about, that he loved. Dean was a proud man and a man who would rather push people away when things got tough than deal with it, than share his most vulnerable thoughts and feelings, than admit his wrongdoings. He would rather ignore the pain or any possibility of not being loved in return.
“You wanna know something else?” Dean asked. “The worst part of it all… it wasn’t even that he was gone. The worst part was when dad was there, when he was there with us. Either the hunt was there in the town we were in or there was nothing. There was nothing for him to do.”
“Hey, why don’t you go get some plates and stuff while this finishes up and then see if Jack and Sam are alive yet? We don’t want this delicious food to go cold while we wait for them.”
“Whatever…” Dean muttered under his breath, finally turning around and walking in the opposite direction to start on the symbols.
“I was sleeping, but now I’m awake. I can’t sleep anymore. I used to spend this time with Cas sometimes, while you were both asleep, but now I’m not really sure what to do. Everything is just so different now.”
Dean would also never admit it, but he hadn’t slept as well as he had that night in ages. He also didn’t want to admit why that was the case, even if he knew deep down. Or maybe it wasn’t even deep down because in all honesty, it was really quite obvious. There was only one thing different about that night than any other night. It was Cas. Even before he fell asleep he could feel the heat radiating off the angel, he could feel his presence. He really shouldn’t try to deny it, but he couldn’t help it. It was all just so different. Things were changing with respect to how he thought about the angel and it was terrifying and confusing, but also exciting at the same time.
Castiel knew he had his wings back now, but he was so used to not flying by now and he just needed time. He needed to prepare himself for when he arrived at the bunker. He had been thinking about it while in heaven, but he always seemed to push it aside, telling himself he had time later to worry about that. But now, there was no later. There was only a few hours between him and Dean, less than a day's drive. He was so nervous to see him, but he also couldn’t wait. He just wanted to be with him now, right this second, but he knew he needed some time to think about it. This is why he flew his way to the nearest car and then proceeded to drive his way to Lebanon, Kansas. To Dean.
There was a softness to Cas’ voice that wasn’t normally there, but every so often he found himself speaking in that way, often when it happened, it was with Dean.
Cas was looking down at the small box, avoiding Dean’s eyes as he fidgeted with a loose corner of the wrapping paper.
“Cas! Just-” Dean started, his voice growing much louder than it should be for the middle of the night. He tried his best to control it and lower his voice again so he wouldn’t wake up Sam. “Just go sit, okay?”
Sam still worried, of course, he did. Nobody knowing the things they did would be foolish enough to not worry, but it wasn’t so prominent, it didn’t take up all his focus.
“Ahh,” Dean interrupted from near the stove. “So, that’s why you were both up later than normal then… Makes sense now.”
“Oh uh yeah...Why don’t we get started on the eggs while we wait for the bacon, huh? It’ll take a little while before we need to flip it.”
He told Jack about how they were doing, the little things, maybe some funny story that had happened that day or how he was thinking about settling down with Eileen. He wanted Jack to know what was happening in their lives. Sam also spoke about the bad times and how much they needed and missed him. He talked about Cas and how he’s sure something had happened with him and Dean before he died, but Dean still wouldn’t talk about it.
Dean headed to his room, Cas still following close behind, to grab his things for a shower. Cas didn’t really have anything else to do. Once Dean had grabbed the few things he needed, he was about to leave his room but bumped into Cas instead.
“Oh, sorry, dear. I didn’t mean to assume, I just thought- well, nevermind that. I should go find my girls before they cause any more trouble.”
Sam walked further into the war room, his eyes fixed on Castiel, too shocked to have even noticed the intimate moment that he had just interrupted.
“A walk,” his words were brief, and not really at all helpful. He wasn’t sure if Cas was following him or not, but he was quite sure he heard a brief shuffling sound. Not wanting to turn back, however, he continued up the stairs, not stopping until he was a little ways away from the bunker door and into the trees behind it.
Cas removed his fingers, but not without a noise of displeasure from Dean. Cas was moving quick, however, he needed to be inside of Dean, just as much as Dean needed him. It didn’t take him long to open the lube again with a
He froze what he was doing, however, when he heard Dean let out a chuckle. He spun around immediately, startled by Dean’s presence.
Cas tried to speak as calmly as he could, praying that Dean would open the door. Then, the sound of the loud creak of the door filled the silence as Dean swung the door open.
Dean didn’t even have time to process that Cas could feel that kind of love. He thought maybe he could remember it from when he was human, the kind of love you feel for a friend or your family. He sometimes even thought that Cas was able to
“Earth to Cas… anybody home?” Dean waves a hand in front of his face, finally catching his attention, breaking Cas out of this trance.
Okay, yeah, he was definitely glad that Sam was nowhere fucking near them right now. Then, Cas stepped closer to Dean. He could feel his breath on his face in the chilly spring air. “Our bond, Dean,” Cas continued softly, his hand reaching out to just barely brush at the side of Dean’s cheek, causing a shiver to run through Dean’s spine almost instantly. “It reaches throughout time and space. It’s not-”
The little gasps that Dean coaxed out of the angel were heavenly; he never wanted them to stop. Dean’s hands were roaming around the newly exposed skin and soon, his mouth followed. Dean began to work his way down Cas’s chest, when Cas decided he had had enough.
Dean didn’t know how to move on from this loss. He just wanted to hold on to Cas, any small bit of Cas that he could, so he did it again.
Things had been going well so far with heaven. They had made a great deal of progress. They had built most of the “new” heaven, needing to start with that first, before they even thought of moving all the billions of souls to it. Slowly, they had alerted a few residents of what was to come, Mary Winchester being one of them. Castiel hadn’t been to see her yet, only Jack had once or twice before. With Mary though, that also meant John. They had been sharing a heaven together since she died.
“Hey, there sleepyheads,” Dean hollered out, glancing briefly in their direction to offer them both a smile.
“Things were different back then, Cas. I was different. There were things I felt, things I shouldn’t have been feeling and I think dad knew. He knew everything… he didn’t have to say anything to me, not directly, but the things he did, I knew how he felt about it, even if he might not have known for sure. I disgusted him. I was damaged to him.”
They both take all the fruit out of the fridge and set it on the counter, then they proceed to wash it all and, after Cas’ insistence, put it all on some big fancy dish that seemed to appear out of nowhere.
Dean was holding his breath, he mind was moving a mile a minute, trying to come up with any explanation.
Castiel was watching the short interaction between the two of them from the far side of Dean, but then he walked a little closer to Sam and Eileen to greet them.
“It’s alright,” Cas stepped in, looking at the woman. “No need to apologize, just a simple misunderstanding.”
Sam just let out a frustrated sigh but dropped it nonetheless. Eileen tried to offer him a comforting smile, dropping one hand to his knee, stroking it gently with her thumb.
Sam stopped mid-sentence, fully seeing who Dean was standing with when the two of them jumped apart at the sound of Sam’s voice.
“Hey,” Eileen said, placing a hand on Sam’s shoulder in greeting. “Who was that?” She asked, nodding to the phone that was now sitting on the table in front of him.
“I want you.” Dean simply said before deciding to further explain. “I want you to fuck me. On this table.”
Cas did his best to explain everything to Balthazar, starting with the deal he made to save Jack. He was hoping that he might understand and that he would help.
That was Cas’ breaking point, the sight of Dean looking so wrecked, biting his lip to keep the cries from spilling out, and covered in come. This combined with how Dean was clenching around Cas even tighter now, was Cas’ undoing. With only a few more quick sporadic thrusts, Cas was coming inside of Dean, filling him up as he rode out his own orgasm.
A little awkwardly, Dean reached out to hand the book and then pencil back to Cas, offering up a reassuring smile as he did so as to make sure Cas didn’t think he was upset about the drawing.
A few seconds later, Dean heard the crunching of twigs snapping beneath the weight of Cas’s feet, and then, there was Cas, standing a little too close, but nothing that was abnormal for them.
Shit, shit, shit. How the hell did he even- Then Dean remembered he had done laundry earlier and had been too lazy to put any of it away just yet. Fuck. How had he been so stupid as to leave
“Well I appreciate the support, Sam, but I can assure you that everything is fine. I’m just grateful to be back.”
Out of all the people he could have loved in this world, he loved Dean Winchester and Dean didn’t know how to process that. He spent so much time avoiding his feelings, feeling hopeless and thinking that Cas could never truly fall in love with someone. He was an angel, they weren’t built for love, or so Dean had thought. This was just another thing that Dean had turned out to be wrong about. He was so very wrong.
Cas just nods, still thinking about that brief moment they just shared. Cas knew how he felt about the hunter, he knew what these feelings were, he had for a while now, but he knew Dean would never feel the same way, that he couldn’t feel the same way. Dean was straight, he liked girls, so he could never have Dean the way he wanted to. He just needed to try not to ruin their friendship with something as stupid as his feelings that he couldn’t seem to control.
“You gotta make sure the burners’ not too hot. It’s best to have it on medium-low heat so it doesn’t curl and it’ll also be easier to make sure it doesn’t burn.”
Dean's fingers twitched for a second when he thought about putting his hand over Cas' to show him that he was serious, but he caught himself at the last second and clenched it into a fist instead.
He feels as if there’s nothing left, feels as if someone ripped him into two, throwing the other half away. There’s nothing, there’s nobody who can help him or lessen this pain that he feels, this pain that’s consuming him. The only one who could is dead. The only one who could rid him of this despair and longing is gone.
Cas offered Dean a soft smile and then took the few steps over to it, letting himself take a seat on the chair,
Sam held up both hands innocently as best as he could while he was still holding on to one cup of coffee.
“I uh, well since I’m back… I was thinking I should probably give Claire a call. I assume one of you called her and alerted her of my death so I thought I should probably let her know that I’m not dead anymore.”
Cas opened his eyes then, looking intensely at Dean. His eyes didn’t leave Dean’s as he spoke. “If you ever do something like that again, I will fucking leave you here, or better yet, I’ll heal you just to murder you myself.”
Finally, the phone stopped ringing. It was silent for a moment or two before Dean heard her voice. It was quiet and confused.
“Dean fucking Winchester. If you don’t stop shoving those damn panties in my face...” Cas started before Dean decided to get cocky.
“I guess upon further consideration this now explains your obsession with a certain fictional TV character,” he finally spoke, a hint of humour evident in his voice.
Cas is much more careful with the eggs this time, and when he cracked the next one, he only dropped one piece of the shell into the bowl, which Dean didn’t mind removing. Once they finished cracking all 12 eggs, they both went back over to the sink to wash away all the egg on their hands, before heading back over to the oven.
All those dreams he’d had of the angel while he was gone, all the memories he thought of, none of them could compare to having him here, to have him standing in front of Dean.
“Don’t try to deny it, it’s not going to work,” Cas rubbed his face, “ Look, I don’t know why in that moment that’s what I felt, but I- when I raised you from hell… I rebuilt you, piece by piece, cell by cell, and somewhere along the way, somehow after that tedious process, a part of me, became a part of you. I think… that part found a way to reach out to me without you knowing, only partly under your control. I think it was just trying to help.”
He stayed there for a moment, his back turned to the angel. Cas saw Dean’s shoulders shake. Cas wasn’t sure if he should speak up or if he should just leave.
It was a lot of work, however, and they were all tired so they decided to all pack themselves into the den to watch some Christmas movies for the rest of the night.
“I mean, yeah, I’d get it if you thought that when we first met since I wasn’t really you know… broadcasting that to the world, I mean I’m still not really doing that, but Cas, come on man, you’ve known me for how long?”
This love that they share, this life that they’re sharing, it’s something that Dean isn’t even sure he wants anymore. He doesn’t want it if it’s not with Cas, so Dean tries to give them some space, he tries to avoid them when they’re being all couply or when he knows both of them are together or both are even in the bunker at the same time. He spends a lot of his time in his room or the ‘Dean Cave,’ sometimes he’ll take Baby out for a drive, to nowhere in particular, but just to get away, to clear his head.
Dean’s brain was moving a mile a minute. He was lost in this memory. They were both about to die and then Cas tells him that only he would have to die. He would save Dean. He could save Dean, all because of some stupid deal he made with the Empty. Why didn’t he tell him about this deal sooner? Why did he keep it from both him and Sam? Dean didn’t know why Cas was choosing to tell him about this now. He didn’t know why exactly it mattered, why he chose this moment to tell him about this stupid deal.
Rowena was more than surprised to see him, but ushered him back into the room from which she came from. Castiel explained why he was there and why he had travelled so far to come to hell once again. Rowena had never met John, but she’d heard the stories. Castiel explained to her that John was not welcome in heaven, not after how he had treated Dean, not after the things he had done on Earth. He still wasn’t sure why John was let into heaven in the first place, maybe it was just some sick joke of Chuck’s, but Rowena was glad to offer her assistance in the matter. She really did care about Sam and Dean both a great deal. They were family to her and she would protect her family fiercely.
He stood there and watched as Jack took a few steps away from him, his eyes staying focused on Castiel.
different. His skin was almost sickly pale and he looked like he had lost some weight. Maybe a bit more than some. His cheeks seemed more hollow than he remembered and although he didn’t frequently see Dean bare-chested, he couldn’t ever remember a time where he could quite clearly see his ribs. It all gave Castiel an unsettling feeling, more so because of the reason he might be different. What could have caused this. He didn’t want to think about it, about just how wrong things might have been while he was away.
This chapter was originally meant to have some other heaven stuff in it as well, but I accidentally made Dean’s little opening up to Cas scene really long because I just apparently love making characters suffer so that’ll have to be saved for my next update. I think most of my chapters now will be longer than they’ve previously been, so hopefully, y’all can forgive me for the wait.
It felt like they had been screaming for ages when finally they heard another noise, a slurping, gurgling sound and then they saw the morphing of a black gooey liquid. It screamed at them, pleading for them to stop, begging them to stop. It couldn’t handle all this noise. They were torturing the ancient cosmic being, causing it to writhe in pain. Then, they halted, each one of them becoming silent as Castiel took a few steps toward the being, breaking away from the group.
