Still holding Cas’s slowly tightly against his Dean couldn’t help but smirk at the cute little ‘uh uh uh’ noises that were punched out of Cas with every thrust.
After eating their ice cream, Gabe and Annie went home. There, Gabe helped her with her few worksheets of homework, hung out for a little while, and cooked some pasta for dinner. It was a little past nine-thirty before Cas got home, far too late for little girls to still be awake if you ask him. However, Annie was still waiting for her dad to come home.
Cas soaked a washcloth in cold water and rubbing Dean’s bare, sweat-slick back with it, “Hey, no. Don’t say that, I don’t mind at all.”
Before Cas got out of work, Annie called him to say goodnight. Knowing Annie was happily sleeping with her Uncle Gabe watching her, Cas didn’t feel bad about spending the night at Dean’s.
After that, nothing, not hell nor high water could stop Cas from getting to Dean. With Alfie pulling the stretcher behind him, Cas ran up to the passenger door. Now that the door was off and Cas could see Dean he nudged the firemen out of the way, hurriedly putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder, “Baby? Hey, it’s me. I got you.”
Dean couldn’t help but laugh at Cas’s grumpy face, “Because you wanted to pet something that could eat you.” When Dean’s hands started to tickle Cas’s thin sides, his frown eventually turned back into a smile again. That’s when Dean notices how red Cas’s cheeks were, he took off his baseball cap and tugged it onto Cas’s head, “Come on, let’s get out of the sun for a little.”
When they got to the morgue a few minutes later, Dean flashed his badge to the receptionist and walked through the double doors into the sterile room. The most recent victim who was killed two nights ago was laid out on the exam table. She was a pregnant woman of twenty-seven years old. She was murdered the same way as the other victims; throat slit and the same mark drawn on her arms. The black ink looked like a backward ‘F’, it was drawn on them so small, it almost looked like a birthmark.
Cas sheepishly rubbed the back of his neck, scratching at his black hair, “Sorry… I just get protective.”
Once they were comfortable in bed with Dean spooning Cas, Abby jumped up onto the bed and snuggled against Cas. In the dark Cas sleepily mumbled, “Goodnight, Dean.”
Dean and Cas sat in the row directly behind Sam and Anna in the dar and fairly busy movie theater. As the movie progresses, Sam and Anna jump and let out muffled screams before laughing with each other. They were having a good time but Dean was genuinely scared. He had his eyes tightly closed and his hand was gripping onto the armrest.
All he could do was tighten his arm around Dean’s waist and hold him close, “Goodnight, Dean.”
It wasn’t too much longer into the day when Alastair found Sam and Anna in the library, working on an English project during their study hall period. He snuck up to them and put one hand on each of the freshman’s shoulders, “Hiya, kiddos. Sammy, this your new little girlfriend? What’s your name, sweetheart?”
Anna broke into a huge smile and hugged her brother. Cas felt her slight shiver, “Are you cold?” Without waiting for her answer, Cas quickly stripped off his leather jacket and wrapped it around her small, shivering shoulders. It looked like she was drowning in the dark jacket.
The hotel was gorgeous, the ceremony was filled with white lace and light pastel colors. Dean stood in the first spot next to Charlie and Cas sat in the first row as they waited for Dorothy to walk down the aisle. When she did, Charlie started to understandably cry. It was very sweet and there wasn’t a dry eye in the room, including Cas and especially Dean. For a strong, tough, masculine detective, weddings definitely got to him.
Then he felt it. The longing. The heart-wrenching, horrific, painful longing, “Dean?”
Trying to get his broken drugged-up boyfriend and their favorite lesbian through the hospital and into his car was much more of an issue then Cas would have previously thought. They just wanted to run opposite ways and Dean decided to abuse both Cas and Charlie with his metal crutches.
Cas’s cheeks turned a light pink, “…you’ll make fun of me.”
They finished their drinks and ordered a round of beers, not wanting to get too intoxicated. They started to talk about little things; favorite bands, T.V shows, pet peeves, memories.
The dark red car that sped past him reminded him why it wouldn’t be fair to Dean to find out. The owner of the car quickly pulled over and jumped out, followed by his passenger. The two boys were both surprisingly bigger than Cas.
Again, Cas shook his head. He was far too nervous to eat. He could catch this horrible person, he could stop innocent people from being murdered, he couldn’t take a break to eat.
Cas blushed under Dean’s lustful gaze, “Really?”
Again, Cas repeated himself, slightly hesitant this time, “I’m… sorry.”
“His room. Do you remember where it is?” She pointed down the hall towards his room for emphasis.
“Oh my god, is it only one? Fine, then I’m going to take a nap.” Without another word to his brother or roommates, Cas and Abby walked down the hallway to his bedroom. Cas quickly changed into a t-shirt and his boxers. He crawled into bed and patted the spot next to him, “Abby, bed.”
Cas kissed his stubble-covered cheek, “Time for work.” After hearing his groan, Cas patted Dean’s butt, “Sorry, babe.”
Cas finished his dinner and took a quick shower and was about to change into some comfortable clothes he keeps at Dean’s but when he walked back into Dean’s room, he was pleasantly surprised.
Dean laughed and gently kicked Cas’s foot, “Pervert.”
Cas groaned and turned it off, closing his eyes for two seconds which quickly turned into fifteen minutes. The next time Cas's eyes opened his phone read 6:17. Cas half-flailed getting out of bed and rushed to throw the first thing he could find on.
Bobby placed his hand on Cas’s shoulder, the way a father would, “Anytime, son.”
Once the bed was clear, Cas gently laid Dean down on the bed and started to strip off their clothes. When they were finally naked, Cas started to kiss down Dean’s freckle covered body and caught one of his nipples between his teeth gently biting it and flicking his tongue over the bud.
Cas could smell the waves of whiskey coming off of him, “At my internship. I told you about it… I’m sorry, dad. I’ll start dinner, okay?”
Bobby shook his head, “Son, I can’t have you doing this to yourself. I’ll lend you the cash.”
He could, however, feel Dean move. Laughing, he nudged Dean’s side with his elbow, “Did you just try to high-five me?”
Dean scowled at him, roughly yanking his arm out of Alastair’s nasty, clammy hands, his anger quickly building in his chest, “Don’t fucking talk about him.”
Within seconds the other officer was assisting Cas getting the two guys into the back of their cruiser. Before the other officer left, Cas pulled him aside, “Let them stew for a little… separately. I’ll swing by later.”
Barely looking up from his laptop, Dean questioned, “Thoughts?” He hoped that Cas would come up with nothing. He hoped he could yell at him (because he’s an intern… definitely not because he’s so pretty and that’s not fair).
The three girls sat on the hood of Charlie’s car and watched as Cas tugged his helmet on and started to drive out of the parking lot. That’s when Alastair pulled in and purposely steered towards Cas, trying to hit him with his pickup truck. Cas dodged him, loudly revved his engine before flipped him off and driving away from the high school.
The moan that ripped through Dean was loud enough that Cas had to pull off and kiss Dean quiet, “Baby, you have to be quiet. Annie is sleeping.”
After turning off his bike, Cas walked up to the older man, wanting to be friendly and respectful, “Hi, Bobby. Thanks again for the job.”
After getting settled in the two bedroom- one bathroom beach cottage, they all got changed into their swimming gear and headed to the close-by beach.
After the petite girl hopped off the large bike, the guy helped her take off her helmet before fixing her hair and dress. He smiled and took her hand, walking towards the front doors of the brick covered high school.
Dean gladly hugged Cas back, “Good idea.” Dean let Cas lead him inside, trying not to trip on anything in the dark. In Cas’s bedroom, Dean couldn’t see anything, “Hey, Cas? Do you think we could turn a light on for a second?”
As Alfie and Cas clean out the back of the ambulance, Cas called Mary. After a few rings, Mary’s loving voice answered, “Hello?”
Gabe was already finishing his phone out of his pocket, “You just fucking passed out. I’m calling an ambulance.”
Cas does exactly what he’s told, his faith in the team still strong. Cas blanked out a lot of the walk to the abandoned factory that sat stagnant, two blocks down the road.
Jody didn’t call Cas until the end of the day. She wanted the most emotional testimony to go at the end of the day so the jurors would think about it all night. Cas took the stand and swore the oath that he would not perjure himself. The questions Jody asked him were similar to the ones she asked during their meeting. But soon, Crowley stood up to cross-examine Cas. His Scottish accent was thick and cunning, “So… internship at the station? You’re a pretty lucky guy.”
“I—I'm sorry. W—west side of station nine.” Cas sounded nervous and breathless and that’s exactly how Dean felt as he ran out of Charlie’s apartment out to the Impala.
When she hopped up onto the comfortable bed, Cas scratched behind her ear, “Good girl.”
Cas looked completely taken back by that, “Of course, Dean. I mean, have you seen you? Smart, funny, kind, and hot as hell? I’d be crazy if I didn’t want to see you again.”
Walking into the small coffee shop, the rich smell of coffee grounds was complimented by the sweet, cinnamon smell coming from the case of fresh baked goods. Gabe walked up to the counter and smiled at the tall, long-haired man behind it, “Hey Sam, this is my little brother, Cas.”
The next day, Dean and Cas picked up where they left off; drinking coffee and searching through security footage. Eventually, Dean looked up at Cas and after admiring his stubble covered jaw, focused blue eyes, and a new bruise on his other cheekbone, he spoke up, “So… buddy—.” That earns Dean a very strange look from Cas, “—how are you today?”
Sitting on the side of the road in the middle of the night, bitterly spitting out hurtful words is not how Dean wanted to talk with Cas but he couldn’t stop. He grabbed two handfuls of Cas’s jacket and spoke dangerously low, “Do not call me, do not speak out of turn, do not do stupid shit that I specifically tell you not to do!”
Smiling through the pain, Dean squeezed Cas’s hand, “I love you more. Can you call my mom for me? Just… don’t let her come here, it’s not good for her to be rushing around.”
D: ‘Helping Sammy with homework. What about you?’
Cas couldn’t help but chuckle at the teacher’s obvious flirtatious joke, “Depends on who’s calling me that. Cas Novak.”
Dean softly kissed Cas’s cheek and turned out his light, closing the door behind him. After leaving Cas’s room, he knocked on Annie’s door. Cracking it, he smiled at her, “Hey, your dad isn’t feeling too good so we are going to let him rest so, you and I are going to hang out for a while.”
One of the detectives yelled from the other side of city hall, “We know, Winchester!”
Once the bike was off again, Dean asked a question that wasn’t about death, “So, you’re good with bikes?”
Dean snapped his head up, “What?”
When Dean was completely fucked out, Cas pulled his fingers out and slowly licked up Dean’s limp body until he got to his mouth where he placed a wet, open-mouthed kiss onto Dean’s bruised lips. Pulling away, Cas gazed down at Dean’s face, noticing the dried smears of cum and light pink blush that spread across his freckle-covered cheeks, “You okay?”
Thankfully, he was. “No wife, I’m single. I actually adopted Annie.”
Cas’s cheeks turned a slight pink at Dean’s observation, “You have a very unique voice.”
Dean blushed, once again embarrassed, “Shut up, Novak.”
Cas turned back around to try and refocus on the job at hand. But, with Dean’s beautiful, strong, lean body standing a few feet away from him, he found it increasingly difficult to focus on the bike instead of Dean.
Throwing his hands up, Dean huffed, “He threw up on the body!”
D: ‘You’re the best. Maybe I’ll repay you ;)’
He listened to Dean’s hurt words of grief and wanted to make it all go away but he couldn’t and somehow that hurt worse. He knew Dean couldn’t feel him there so he asked a dove to sit on his grave as he softly whispered a poem into Dean’s ear.
Cas stuck out his hand towards the sound of Mary’s voice, “It’s very nice to meet you, ma’am.”
Cas just wished he could look into Dean’s joy-filled eyes when they said their vows.
Charlie, Dean’s red-headed best friend, slapped his arm, “Dean… play nice.”
Through his sniffles, Cas managed to say, “She just isn’t right today and I know she doesn’t feel good. How does she look?”
Dean thought he was having a heart attack as he grabbed the plastic bag from Cas and stared at the different shades of green nugs, “Are you fucking kidding me?! When and where did you get weed?!”
After another minute of being a grump, Dean finally got out of bed and they both got ready for their day. Dean put on his dress shirt, tie, slacks, and dress shoes while Casa dressed in his street clothes. Instead of driving to the station with Dean in the Impala, Cas pulled on his helmet and rode in front of Dean on his motorcycle. Dean was pretty skeptical about Cas buying the small bike but he wanted Cas to be happy. Anyway, he had to admit, Cas looked pretty hot on that bike.
Neither of them had any more nightmares that night.
When Cas finally got up to him, he grabbed Alastair's collar, picking him up out of his seat, and slamming him against the nearest wall.
The next thing Cas knew, the aggressive stranger was on the ground bleeding and the familiar protective comfort of Dean’s arm was around him. When the man tried to get up, Dean grabbed his collar and growled at him, “I strongly suggest you keep your fucking hands to yourself and walk away.”
Dean yanked on his Henley, “Fuck you.” He walked out to the living room and started to put on his boots with Cas, who’s now dressed, following behind him.
Hearing the first bell ring out into the parking lot, the four friends walked into school chatting about what they had going on for the rest of their day. But all Dean could think about was how that leather jacket fit on the new kid’s muscular shoulders and how his jeans hugged his strong thighs. His thoughts were cut off when they stopped in front of Sam’s class. They said bye to the youngest Winchester and the older kids kept walking towards their first period classes.
But Bobby didn’t see what Dean did, “Good. Now, we have to catch him so you’ll take the ten o’clock train back. Stop and get something out of your backpack, okay?”
Annie smiled up at her dad, “Ready, daddy!”
Dean started telling him the parts of himself that he wasn’t ashamed of, “I’m super old… twenty-eight. I have a little brother Sam who’s a teacher in Stanford, he’s twenty-six. My mom lives in Topeka and my dad died two years ago. I’ve been teaching for four years.”
Cas shook her hand and thanked her, the two walked over to Dean as Cas held the shirt behind his back. Dean smiled at his boyfriend, “Hey, I found something for you.”
Charlie’s AMC Gremlin was on the far left side of the highway; the roof and windshield were both completely crushed. A large red Ford F-350’s from driver’s side bumper looked mangled. The driver of the truck, a middle-aged male, was being checked out by another ambulance.
Cas thought for a minute and lightly smiled, “I’ve always wanted to see the Grand Canyon.”
For the millionth time in only a couple days, Cas was asked, “Are you okay?”
The ride to the courthouse wasn’t the comfortable silence they were used to; now it was anxious and hesitant.
“Dean.. don’t you fucking dare.”
Dean’s sleepy, loving reply made Cas understand exactly what it meant to love somebody, “ I love you more, Cas.”
At home that night, Sam was greeted with his older brother, Dean, handing him a cold beer and their close family friend and Dean’s boss at the local auto shop, Bobby Singer, handing him a bowl of chili.
After they ate and Cas reassured Dean that yes, he really was okay, they got back in the Impala and Abby jumped in the back seat on the blanket Dean had put down. He was a little hesitant about having Abby in his car at first but now, the blanket never leaves the backseat neither do her toys or the dog treats in the glove compartment.
Her blue eyes lit up at the mention of her eldest son, “Yes! Do you know him?”
I suck at writing smut, I apologize!
They sat in silence for a few hours as Cas carefully read everything twice. When he was finally done, he closed the binder and placed it on Dean’s desk.
Bobby stayed in the back of the crowd, hiding in a dark corner, watching people yell at him and bet some serious money on the young boy.
The smile quickly fell from Dean’s lips, “Yeah, he’s like a father to me but he is actually Jo’s dad… my real dad died four years ago.”
After Cas’s meek reply of, “…six months ago…”  Gabe smacked the back of Cas’s head, much to everyone in the shop, including Sam’s, horror.
His smile was big and bright, “I’d love to!”
Cas took a deep breath and even though it was muffled, he managed to answer, “No.”
C: ‘Be there in five.’
Trying to calm down the detective he saw as a son, Bobby handed him the cup of coffee he was holding, “I asked a nurse, she said he was okay. Visiting hours just opened if you wanted to see him.”
“Don’t worry about it. It’s getting late, you should eat something. Come on, I’ll cook some dinner.” Dean changed into some sweats in the bathroom but when he walked back into his bedroom, Cas was still sleeping. Dean chuckled and started to tickle Cas’s foot that was hanging out of the covers. An inhuman choked out laugh escaped Cas’s lips as he shot straight up.
Over the next week, Dean barely left Cas’s side as his injuries started to heal. Cas slept a lot of the time but when he was awake, he and Dean talked. Sometimes they talked about how Cas was feeling or work but most of the time they would talk about the little things.
Wanting desperately to get back to how relaxed Cas was a minute ago, Dean said the first thing that came to his mind, “You didn’t. I would actually take you up on that offer.” Feeling ridiculously exposed and uncomfortable after that admission, Dean started to play with the label of his bottle to try and hide the blush that spread across his freckled cheeks.
Cas tried not to let any emotion through his answer, “Guess so.”
Dean’s buzz quickly went to shit, “Guess that’s why he wants to be a detective.”
Dean lovingly kissed him back, “Yeah… I do.”
On the phone at home, Dean is already throwing on his shoes and jacket, “Mom?! Jesus Christ, are you okay? What happened?”
Mary smiled at them before leading them into the living room where Sam was reading a comic book. Anna bounced up to him and sat down next to him, starting an easy conversation about what part of the comic he was reading.
Surprisingly, Cas actually lets Dean hold him for once. Even more surprisingly, Cas cries. Not little tears but sobbing. Cas buried his head between Dean’s neck and shoulder and cried while Dean kept his arms around Cas and took his temperature.
Halfway through class, Charlie poked Dean's flannel covered arm and whispered in a hushed, slightly annoyed tone, “Dean, instead of making goo-goo eyes at him for the rest of your life, why don’t you make the first move for once? Go introduce yourself!”
The betters in the room were either ecstatic or pissed; most of them the latter. The drunk men started to berate Cas, who had just started to get his bearings back.
“It’s okay, I just wanted to make sure you were okay.”
It was already late at night when Cas got home so he decided to wait and call Dean in the morning. That night was restless as Cas thought about the words he would say to even try and explain himself to Dean.
“Would you say my client is attractive?” After Crowley asked that Charlie had to grab Dean’s arm to keep him in place.
By the time Dean got to Cas’s house, Cas was home but Annie was still struggling to stay awake as she dozed off on the couch.
Cas nodded and scooted forward and took Dean into his mouth, hungrily sucking him off. Dean grabbed Cas’s hair tight enough that he could feel it but lose enough that he could easily move his head, “You’re so good. Oh… Cas. I know you love it.” Cas hummed and tightly sucked on Dean’s heard length. When Dean came deep into Cas’s throat, Cas greedily sucked every drop out of him.
The day of the surgery, Gabe called his commanding officer and told him the situation while Dean called Bobby and asked for time off, which Bobby gladly gave him.
Cas rocked into Dean, smirking at the desperate moans and whimpers coming from the man under him, “Feel good?”
D: ‘No, you pervert. My mom wants to meet you.’
Dean’s brain was screaming that this was a perfect opportunity. By some miraculous burst of courage, Dean managed to ask, “You could join me if you wanted?”
Dean groaned because of course, Sam wasn’t going to drop this, “I snapped at my intern…”
Cas turned his head to the left to see Sam’s friendly, smiling face. Castiel turned off his bike and helped Anna with her helmet; and just like the day before he smoothed out her navy blue dress, “Have a good day today, love.” She gave him a quick hug before walking up to Sam.
With Cas’s low groan as encouragement, Dean pushed in a second finger; he wasn’t stretching himself out as he already did that while Cas was showering, instead, he was just teasing Cas.
Surprisingly, Cas grit his teeth back at Dean and got in his face, “I can take care of myself!”
They both climbed onto the bike as Dean scooted up close against Cas’s back and tightly held onto him. Cas turned on the bike; feeling it spring to life under him, the vibrations shook through the two boys. When Cas revved the engine, Dean could help but break out into a huge grin as he thought about what the rest of their night was going to be like.
Cas sent a text to Dean before boarding the plane:
“Well, right now, Cassie and I are staying at our brother, Gabriel’s house. He’s in Germany, he’s in the military.”
Opening the bedroom door, Dean walked over to the bed and disregarded Cas’s protests, wrapping him in a tight hug. Rubbing his back, Dean tried to comfort him, “Shh, I’m here. I got you, sweetheart. Everything is okay.”
Cas cringed and turned around, the black, blue, and yellow bruise obvious on his cheek. Dean’s eyes quickly found it, “What the fuck is that? What happened? Are you alright?”
Dean loudly laughed and flipped off the awe-stricken driver. Much to Cas’s surprise, Dean yelled over his shoulder, “FUCK YOU, ASSHOLE!”
Towards the end of the movie, Cas was asleep on Dean’s shoulder and Dean was asleep with his head on Cas’s. John chuckled at his son and his boyfriend, “Are they always like this?”
It didn’t take Dean long to flop onto his bed, letting his eyes close until his phone beeped. Looking at the too-bright screen, Dean squinted at the new message from a slighter older man he met in college, Benny. ‘Hey, if you’re back in Lawrence let me know if you want to grab dinner. I’m like 45 minutes away.’
He stuttered out a weak response that to his dismay came out a bit squeaky, “Yeah… lotion?”
Annie continued to smile at him and told him to have a nice day before walking out to the parking lot to find Gabe’s car.
Cas started to wake up more and tried to fight his yawns, “I’m going to take Abby out for a walk.”
“Morning.” Cas shyly walked into the kitchen, his cheeks still pink with embarrassment. Before sitting down at the table, he let Abby out into the backyard from the sliding door that was in the kitchen.
Luke sarcastically chuckled, “Dude, it’s only one o’clock?”
Growing equally more and less aware, Cas grew panicked as he searched for his love, “Dean?!”
He grabbed at Dean’s ass and slowly pulled out his plug, twisting it and gently fucking him with it before pulling it out all the way. Some of the lube Dean had used earlier to stretch himself out leaked out of his ass. Cas smacked his ass before cleaning up the lube with his tongue. He felt Dean shiver under his touch.
Once the water was warm enough, Cas started to use a cup and rinse water through her hair and start lathering the shampoo into her hair, “So you like Mr. Winchester?”
In a raspy voice, Cas answered, “Hospital.”
It was directly after third period when Alastair confronted Cas.
Everything was calm and quiet until a rattlesnake slithered cross the dusty ground in front of them. Dean screeched and jumped backward but Cas instantly let go of his hand and decided to grab the rust-colored snake with his bare hands, “Awe… Dean, it’s so pretty!” Adding to Dean’s shock and horror, Cas kissed the top of the snakes head.
Dean took a slightly weaker inhale and ended up coughing a few times, “Jesus… I haven’t smoked since college.”
Dean felt the waves of nausea hit him with every shaken breath, “D—don’t put your hard around m—my throat.” Instead of pushing Cas away again, Dean clung onto him, desperately looking for comfort.
Dean was genuinely impressed with that, “Wow, dude. Your bike looks awesome.”
The judge gladly granted him his request, “This court is adjourned for today.”
Before they could continue their conversation, Dean’s phone rang. Another body was found. He ran a hand through his short hair and turned back to Charlie after hanging up, “Another vic, father of four. The body was found near the Industrial Park. Look at the cams for me?”
They quickly went their separate ways and Cas found a sales associate to help him, “Hi, I was wondering if you could help me. Do you see a tall guy, blonde-ish hair, green eyes, great jaw, superhot boy?”
Back at home, Dean noticed the lights were still off and Cas was still sleeping in bed. Dean started to worry; while Cas did need rest, sixteen hours straight seemed like a bit much. Very slowly and carefully Dean shook Cas’s shoulder, “Hey, Cas?”
That’s the last thing Cas wanted to hear… or was it? He wanted Dean. He didn’t just want to slowly take Dean apart with his hands and mouth but he wanted to build him back up with loving words and soft touches but could he trust himself? Would he help Dean or destroy him further? He didn’t know what to say, nothing made sense, nothing was clear. His whole plan just flew right out the window.
His whole world stopped.
C: ‘Oh, in that case… I’m busy.’
As soon as the words left his mouth, Dean regretted them. Cas looked so hurt as he looked down and slowly stood up, “Yes, sir.”
The short man, dressed in his usual designer suit stood and started his speech of slander, "What these ‘victims’ didn’t know, is that my client is the real victim here. The death of his wife, of their child, drove him to the understandable breaking point. And the one ‘victim’ you’ll hear from today… well, we don’t even know if it was, in fact, Mr. Manus that assaulted him. Hell, we don’t even know if he’s telling the truth!”
Dean didn’t answer him as he was in an exceptionally foul mood. They were polar opposites; when Cas got angry, he yelled and when Dean got angry, he was quiet.
Cas quickly walked onto the nearest subway car and met the van at the next stop, as instructed. He knocked three times, signaling that it was him. Dean handed Cas a cool water bottle and offered him a supportive smile.
Dean barely got the words, “Holy shit. Dean, watch Annie.” Out before taking off full speed towards the brown gazebo. When he got there, he directed his attention towards the hysterical woman, “Ma’am please, take your child over there and call an ambulance.”
Their teacher, Mrs. Beth, a tall middle-aged woman, stood up and cleared her throat, “We have a new student joining us today. Would you like to introduce yourself, Castiel?”
Michael tousled Cas’s hair, “Heard daddy finally lost it, huh?”
He couldn’t offer any words to comfort Anna.
Once they were back on their feet, Cas still clung to Dean’s hand but was starting to let go of his fear. When he finally started to move his feet and no rely on Dean for momentum, Dean gave him encouragement and a quick kiss, “See? You got this!”
D: ‘Sounds like you’ve already had a few. I’m going to come over, okay?’
Dean shot daggers at her, growling out his warning, “Charlie… Yes, he is. He’s also a single dad and an EMT whose life is already busy enough. He doesn’t need me making things worse.”
“Alright, Charlie and I are going to hit the road now.” Dean finished loading his duffle bag into the back of Charlie’s yellow ‘monstrosity’ of a car.
It didn’t take Dean long to fall asleep curled up close to Cas. At some point in the middle of the night, Cas woke up due to being uncomfortable in his position. However, when he read the note that was sitting on his nightstand he smiled and rolled over, softly placing a hand on Dean’s hip and kissing his shoulder blade, whispering, “Thank you.”
Carefully icing her older brothers bruises and cleaning his cuts, Anna tried to fight back her tears, “Cassie… you need to slow down, you’re going to get hurt.”
Cas was instantly awake and tense, “What do we do?!”
Dean held his hand out for the flask again but Cas shook his head, “No, man. You’re driving. Come over some other time and get drunk.”
Dean wasted no time taking his papers back and reaching into the back seat to grab Cas and his clothes. By the time they had clothes on, the cop was gone, and Dean had stopped laughing but Cas was still doubled over in laughter. Dean couldn’t help but laugh again, “What’s so funny?”
Dean quickly stood up and covered the five feet between him and Cas in a second. He threw his arms around Cas’s stomach and buried his face in his chest.
Dean and Cas had already set up a rental home by the ocean for June twenty-eighth to July sixth. They had also rented a Jeep for their vacation.
Dean quickly walked over to Annie and hugging her, trying to show her that everything was going to be okay, “Why don’t you go to your room for a little bit?”
Cas rolled his eyes and kissed Dean’s cheek, handing him a burger, “I’m fine, babe.”
He paced around his room drunkenly yelling and throwing things. What Cas couldn’t hear over his breakdown was the doorbell ringing.
The smirk that crossed Cas’s face brought out the willing-submissive in Dean. The way he growled out his words, his firm and commanding hands; Dean just couldn’t get enough.
Dean eagerly kissed him back, wanting to be held and touched. He couldn’t help the soft moan that escaped his lips as Benny led Dean back to his bedroom. Their clothes easily fell off as their roaming hands became desperate. Benny held himself above Dean, passionately kissing him.
Cas roughly kissed Dean again before tugging the helmet on over Dean’s sandy blonde hair. Feeling the alcohol course through his veins, Dean wasn’t as worried about riding on the bike.
Cas pulled on his helmet and flipped the mask up, “I will be, I’ll see you for lunch hopefully.” While Dean was still one of the head detectives in the station, Cas had started working undercover for intelligence… and giving Dean heart attacks in the process.
Anna’s cheeks matched the color of her hair, “I would like that.” She leaned over and shyly kissed Sam’s equally blushing cheek.
“Dean Winchester.” Dean turned back towards Annie and gestured towards the desks, “Annie, why don’t you go have a seat?” Once she wasn’t next to them, Dean started to ask Cas questions about her performance in school.
Instinctively, Dean covered Cas’s hand with his, “Okay, don’t freak out yet. I’m sure she’s okay.”
Cas reached for his cane and a tighter grip on Abby’s leash, “Don’t let me keep you, enjoy your dinner.”
Bobby gripped at both of them, “Fuckin’ idjits.”
After they both got dressed in semi-decent clothes, Dean drove them to the courthouse. The ride was peaceful with Dean drumming his hands on the steering wheel to one of his favorite Led Zeppelin songs and the summer breeze blowing in through the open windows.
In the small mostly empty kitchen, Anna got a glass of water for Dean and two glasses of lemonade for her and Sam. As the two freshmen went to watch a movie in the living room, Dean asked where Cas was.
It started with anger towards his father; the drinking, the screaming, the fighting, and now, he killed his mother.
Dean watched as Cas reached over to grab a small container of jelly and carefully spread it on his toast. Dean was impressed with how well Cas adapted to being blind in just five years. He would never tell Cas but sometimes he would close his eyes and try to do simple things like take a shower or eat and it was almost impossible for him.
After coming up empty-handed, Dean shut his laptop with a frustrated sigh, “I have to head out early to meet my brother. Why don’t you go home and make sure you get enough sleep?”
They unloaded Mary on the stretcher and smoothly pushed her into the emergency room. As the E.R doctors and nurses started to work on Mary, Cas put a hand on her shoulder and smiled, “You’re going to be just fine, Mary.” Mary managed to thank Cas again before the nurses whisked her away to do some tests.
Cas playfully smacked Dean’s arm and lovingly said, “Idiot.”
Cas couldn’t believe his own response, “Thanks, you’re pretty gorgeous yourself.”
JULY 19th 5:27 PM
Dean couldn’t help it, he let his curiosity get the better of him, “The shop?”
They both sat down at a table for two where Dean ordered a whiskey on the rocks and Cas ordered a bourbon neat. Cas didn’t drink much but since Gabe agreed to watch Annie for the night, he decided to indulge. Once they had their drinks, Cas met Dean’s green eyes, “So, Dean… tell me about yourself.”
Dean quickly stepped in, seeing Anna’s slight pout, “We can give her a ride home later, it’s no biggie.”
Cas grabbed two handfuls of Dean’s flannel and pulled him close, nipping at his lower lip, “Hey, did somebody miss me?”
Cas knew he’d been an asshole to the younger boy but after what happened in Seattle, he was desperate to stay in the closet here. He couldn’t have that happen again. The truth was, from the first time Cas saw Dean he was taken by his sparkling green eyes and charismatic smile. His body was thin but muscular and Cas wanted to kiss and mark every part of him and that scared the hell out of him so he did what he does best; deny, lie to himself, and push other people away.
“You feel so good, Cas. You make me want to cum so bad. Please, I need you.” Dean needed more, with every thrust from Cas he was pushed closer and closer to the edge.
Even though she didn’t like it, Ann patiently waited for Cas to be done rinsing out the white bubbles. She smiled and wiggled around, “Yeah, he’s awesome!”
Cas said nothing, he just took his phone back and took a photo of him kissing Dean’s cheek. Dean knew what it meant though, he knew it was a silent invitation; a way to say, “I’d like you to be my family too.”
The three friends walked into school, Jo and Charlie were still teasing Dean about his little "man-crush" on Leather Jacket, when Alastair grabbed Dean’s arm and held him against the cold, metal lockers. Alastair's snarled smirk made Dean's stomach churn, “Hey Winchester, how’s your baby bro doing?”
Dean emptied his stomach into the toilet and groaned, “I’m sorry I’m so disgusting.”
Relief flooded through Cas, “Thank you, sir.”
Seeing the broken look in Cas’s otherwise joyful blue eyes crushed Dean. What Cas said didn’t help at all either, “A bomb went off on a bus today… fifteen people died…”
Charlie wrapped a blanket around the both of them and rested her head on his shoulder, soothingly stroking his cheek, “My poor gay babies… so sad.”
“Hello, Castiel! I called Gabe and he said you were at your boyfriend’s house! It’s wonderful that you’re enjoying yourself! You should because let me tell you, boyfriends—husbands get insufferable after a long time. Oh, honey, I miss you so much! I don’t know why you ever left our house, you never visit. Well, I’ll just be sitting here waiting for my son’s and grandbaby to visit us. Talk soon! Love you!”
After another kiss… or two or three… Dean left and Cas took a deep breath before stepping inside to face his brother and their roommates.
It was around four o’clock when Dean texted Cas. They hadn’t been together long but none the less he missed Cas. It had been a week since they first hooked up and they hadn’t seen each other since Cas was still suspended. He missed Cas’s lips, his strong arms, he missed the dominant look in his eyes… hell, he even missed his sometimes terrible attitude.
Dean laughed at the implication, knowing exactly which shop it was and more specifically who owned it, “Awesome.”
Bobby officiated the wedding with a proud smile. When Cas stood to give them the rings, he supportively squeezed Charlie’s hand and smiled at Dorothy.
Cas smirked and took back the flask, “Guess so.” After sitting in silence for a minute Cas asked, “Hey, what’s Alastair’s deal anyway?”
Cas didn’t get very far; mostly because of his injuries. Dean noticed the slight limp in his walk and twinge in his back. He would do anything to be able to touch Cas and make him feel better. Dean didn’t want to hate Cas, he didn’t want to fight or be angry. He would give anything to be able to lay in bed together and read before giving Cas a slow back rub and fall asleep together.
Dean moaned and ran his fingers through Cas’s hair. His moans only grew as Cas worked his mouth down, sucking on Dean’s hip bones before taking his hard cock all the way down his throat and sucking hard.
“Cas! When you’re done with that one, I got a Street Glide for you!” Bobby’s deep voice boomed through the dusty old shop's empty halls.
Dean snapped his head up in a mix of anger and worry and quickly marched over to Castiel, Sam, and Anna. He stopped in front of the table and clenched his fists at his side, “Sam, what are you doing?”
Dean almost spit out his crappy hospital coffee in shock, “Seriously? The same sweet little guy I’m dating? The one who insists on being the little spoon and holding Abby at the same time?”
Seeing Gabe look more serious than he ever had, Sam walked over to their table. His question of, “Is something wrong?” was ignored by Gabe who continued to question Cas, “When was the last time you went to the doctor?”
Cas however, was having none of it, “Shut up.” With the help of Alife and the firefighters, they carefully pulled Dean out of the car and loaded him in the back of Cas and Alfie’s ambulance.
Cas giggled and reached out for his beer, “You’re old.”
Nothing could beat the look of wonder in Annie’s blue eyes the first time she saw the light, sandy beaches, and the sun-sparkling blue water. Cas squeezed his hold on Dean’s hand as a thank you before having to take off to try and keep up with Annie’s running feet.
Thankfully, Charlie reached over and held Cas’ hand as she quickly drove to the hospital, “He’ll be okay.”
Mary and John were shocked by the news but everyone else was shocked that Dean didn’t tell them. But nobody looked as upset as Cas. Even when Mary smiled and hugged him, saying, “Oh, I’m sorry, he didn’t say anything. I’m glad you guys are happy!”
“Why don’t you show me how much you want it?”
After fretting over Anna, Jo finally looked up for the first time. She grabbed Dean’s arm and spun him around so he was facing Cas, “Dean, make him stop!”
Dean couldn’t help but smile as he scrolled through the pictures, “You’re such a cute little family.”
Cas held onto Dean’s arms and nodded, “Very.”
C: ‘Need to get out of the house?’
But they both can’t get enough of snuggling and holding each other; pressing soft kisses to each other’s soft skin and whispering loving, sweet secrets to each other in the comfort of their blanket bubble.
With a serious face, Dean answered, “Work.”
Dean clung to Cas’s hand and brushed his thumb over his cheek. He begged and pleaded through his desperate sobs, “You have to wake up. Please, Cas wake up.” As usual, Dean got nothing in reply. Family in the room or not, Dean got pissed, “Fuck you! Wake up! You made me love you, you selfish son of a bitch! You don’t get to leave me!”
Hearing Dean plead with him, broke Cas’s heart. He finally willed himself to look at Dean; Cas could see the tears slowly flooding over the brilliant green of Dean’s eyes. His freckles still spread over his face, even in the dead of winter. Cas noticed the slight stubble that had started to grow on Dean’s jaw, he looked so beautiful. Realizing he was staring, Cas decided to hesitantly climb into the passenger seat.
When Dean said, “I love you too.” His smile could have blinded the sun.
Cas ended up staying the rest of the night with Dean in the waiting room. As promised, the next morning Ellen and Bobby both came by to take Mary to Alpha Recovery Center. She put up a fight the whole time; refusing to go until she saw Sam’s tears. Seeing her youngest son cry broke her resolve and she eventually agreed to get some much-needed help.
Not too long after that, Dean let his thumb slowly graze over Cas’s uneven, scarred knuckles.
Dean’s answer scared the hell out of Cas, “Are you fucking kidding me?! You beat me to it, you asshole!” Completely done with everything, Dean reached into his pocket and pulled out a slim gold band. They laughed and lovingly kissed each other before slipping the rings on each other’s fingers.
Leaning over the toilet and violently throwing up, Cas looked over his shoulder and glared at Dean, “Baby, you know I love you but right now… I hate you so much.”
Her shaking voice answered him, “Yes, Cassie.”
“Perfect. You’ll be able to scream my name nice and loud for me.”
It didn’t take long for Cas to be buried deep inside Dean, lustfully thrusting into Dean’s warm, tight hole; his arms wrapped around Dean’s back, their lips and tongues dancing together. Everything was all pleasure until Cas rested his hand on the crease between Dean’s neck and shoulder. His fingers wrapped around the nape of Dean’s neck and his thumb around Dean’s throat and squeezed.
Unfortunately, they didn’t even get a chance to move before the front door opened. Ellen and Dean walked into the house; their laughter quickly died after taking in the scene before them.
Dean’s hands immediately stopped moving, not trusting his own ears. Cas chuckled at how flustered Dean could get by his words, so he pushed it further, “Seriously, this is awesome. I didn’t notice how bad my back had gotten until I got your fuckin’ magic hands on me.”
Sam smiled at Dean with all the adoration that a younger sibling has for their elder sibling, “I missed you too! Jesus… you got old.”
Cas nervously said, “Baby…?”
After Dean parked and he and Sam got out of the car he chuckled and covered Sam’s eyes. “It’s not you two kissing… it’s that hideous car.”
Cas had no idea why Dean looked so insecure as he pulled off his long sleeve shirt and pants before dropping them on the floor because he looked absolutely gorgeous. Although he left his boxers on. Cas shook his head and hungrily looked at Dean’s half-naked body, “Boxers too, baby.”
Sam couldn’t help but hesitate when Cas pushed his shades up onto the top of his head because wow—his eyes were seriously blue. Eventually, he did repeat the order back, “Alright, diabetes in a cup, a latte, and some water for the pup. Be right out.”
“Yeah, totally.” No, he wasn’t. Dean’s thoughts were roaming from Cas to pie and back. One issue was resolved when Jessica came back with their orders.
Now that things were calmer, Cas sat in front of Dean on his bed and held his hands, “Dean, if we are going to keep doing this I need to know what that was about so I don’t upset you again.”
Cas was far too tired to argue, “Fine but as soon as shit hits the fan… like it always does, we’re leaving.”
Dean and Cas took their time walking to the Roadhouse, mostly because Cas walked very slowly; stopping at the curbs and clearly tensing up. Dean, platonically, of course, took Cas’s hand when they were crossing the street and once they reached the other sidewalk, dropping it.
She punched both of their arms and loudly complained, “You guys are so embarrassing!”
Not a real answer but still proving to Cas that Charlie was okay, Dean yelled, “Oh! They put her in the same room as me! Say hi, Charlie!!”
The blonde looked up from the empty salt shakers she was filling, “Totally. I mean he’s so sweet with Anna maybe he was just having a bad day?”
Cas easily drains half the glass and runs his hands over his face and through his hair, far too tired to fight, “My parents lived in Seattle while Anna and I were here. You know about two months ago, my mom died. My father killed her. And don’t get me wrong, I am eternally grateful for you giving me a job so quickly but it’s just not enough money to support Anna and I. Fighting gives me some extra cash.”
During summer vacation and Cas’s fourth day on, Gabe needed to leave the house as soon as Cas got home, which is exactly what he did. In his rush out the door, he didn’t notice the distress his younger brother was in.
Dean was sitting on his front steps anxiously jiggling his leg when Cas pulled up. The rumble of his bike cut through the quiet, stillness of the night. Dean stood up and quickly walked over to Cas’s sleek bike, zipping up his thick sweatshirt.
Cas felt his heart stop and the bile creep up his throat as he choked out his answer, “What?”
Cas didn’t take his eyes off of Dean who was desperately squirming as Cas slipped off his belt and jeans. He growled out, “Turn over.”
Gabe laughed because he knew exactly where Dean was coming from in his confusion, “Oh yeah. I’m talking parties, drinking, smoking weed, a few particularly horrible boyfriends, sneaking out, he got arrested for being drunk in public and trespassing… the whole nine.”
Bobby ran a hand through his fading hair, “Dean, please try to play nice. We don’t need a repeat of the last one.”
Outside, Cas hopped on his bike and started off down the street, looking for the usual suspect or witness. His eye for small details hadn’t faded over the years, if anything, it’s only gotten better.
“I told Charlie and Jo, that’s it! You hurt me Cas, what else was I supposed to do?! Keep it in like you do?! Because clearly, that works out so well for you!”
Shaking Cas’s hand, John put his other hand on Cas’s shoulder, “And you better not call me sir. Seriously, it makes me feel old.”
Admitting defeat, Dean sighed and followed Cas to Dean’s usual table. They ordered burgers and fries and Dean managed to sneak them both two beers. By the time they were done eating, they were both more than ready to get out of the cramped, hot diner. Dean silently followed Cas outside to his motorcycle.
Dean looked absolutely shocked at that and Cas choked on his toast at how mature his daughter sounded. Once Cas took a drink of coffee and got his breath back, he asked, “Honey, who told you that?”
The small lamp light by Cas’s bed gently illuminated the room. Dean’s hands were still pulling and kneading happy noises from Cas, the smell of the aloe lotion filled their noses. It was a perfect, calm, and intimate moment. Soft touches weren’t something Cas allowed himself but something about Dean helped him let go.
Cas was too lost in Dean planting his feet and thrusting up into him, trying to get some leverage back to answer Dean.
Thankfully, Cas’s face lit up again, “I’d love to. Dinner? Maybe around six?”
After a few chapters, Dean placed the book next to him and ran his fingers over the soft well-worn fabric and started to speak, “I talked to Anna the other day. She’s doing really well, Cas. She graduated high school.” He hesitated for a moment before remembering something, “Oh, I have a picture.”
One year later, Dean was running around like an anxious mess. From their bedroom, he shouted to Cas, “Have you seen my tie?!”
Wincing at the antiseptic, Dean answered, “We were just driving and some guy merged into us, hitting the passenger side. Charlie panicked and over corrected. We rolled over but it wasn’t her fault.”
Cas smiled back at him and playfully pinched his cheek, “You’re too sweet. Really though, what do you think you want?”
“Oh… yeah… well, tell him I was here?”
Two years later
Once Dean’s breathing started to slow, Cas got up to run to the bathroom where he quickly threw the condom away and cleaned himself before pulling on a pair of sweatpants. After, he brought the towel to Dean and helped to clean him up before handing him his boxers.
“So… he likes you?”
Anna decided on a strawberry milkshake and a small fry. The food was very good, better than the frozen, cheap stuff she and Cas usually had to buy.
Knowing that nobody was to blame for this, Gabe shook his head, “No, Dean. This is not your fault. But you are holding him together right now because worst case—most likely his cancer came back. So you listen to me, either leave now and do not come back or if you’re going to stick around, you have to stay.”
This time when he left, Cas did his nightly routine of making sure every window and door was locked.
Still, Dean stayed, “I’m not leaving you alone, Cas. Not like this.” He wanted to help and comfort Cas but he only seemed to make things worse.
“I want a dog.”
Dean stepped on the gas, driving faster back to his house, “Cas? Just so you know… we are going to have the house to ourselves tonight.”
“Yeah, the local auto shop.”
The next thing to shock Cas was the feeling of the blood-soaked duct-tape being ripped off his mouth. Everything went black as his head fell forward onto Dean’s shoulder.
The next day when Cas dropped Anna off at school, he hugged her for a long time, soothingly rubbing his hand on her back, “Love, I promise you’ll be okay.”
He didn’t know why Dean was calling but the last thing Cas expected was to hear the wavering tone of Dean’s voice, “Cas… look… I know you were probably sleeping and—just fuck… I don’t know. We don’t usually talk about—I just need you.”
Both Dean and Cas followed the redhead into her office and watched as she pulled up a traffic cam video, “Okay, so you know how all the vics have the same mark drawn on them? Well, look at this. Some guy was spotted with the same mark tattooed on his forearm.”
Smiling, Mary hugged her eldest son back, “I love you too, honey.” Dean sat in the chair next to her bed, still holding her hand when Mary’s smiled turned knowing and devious, “So, are you going to tell me the story between you and that adorable EMT?”
Cas stood up and jogged off, trying to catch up with the fading blonde ponytail. When he saw that she really was running up to Dean, who clearly seemed to be on a date with a pretty redhead woman, Cas wanted to facepalm.
Her usually joyful brown eyes were red and puffy; she didn’t answer, she only nodded in response.
While the two younger kids walked into school together, Cas strolled up to Dean looking surprisingly apologetic while fiddling with the helmet that was on Anna's head, “Hey man, look, I shouldn’t have been such a dick. You didn’t deserve it.” Cas kept his eyes downcast, not feeling the ability to meet Dean's gaze.
Anna smiled and grabbed two packages, handing one to Dean, “So does Cassie.”
Cas was cut off by the high pitch screams of a woman coming from the gazebo near the woods, “OH MY GOD! SOMEBODY HELP!” The woman was holding her child behind her and staring down at the ground where a man was slumped over.
When he heard his fiancé’s warm voice, asking “what’s up?” Cas’s strong face crumbled, “I know you’re at work but I think it’s time…”
Sam threw one of his sweet potato fries at Dean’s face, “No, you’re not. What’s up?”
Bobby could feel his heart cramp as he whispered, “Oh kid, what have you gotten yourself into?”
“Wow, those hours with an active six-year-old? Your wife must have her work cut out for her.” He said the last part with the desire that he was wrong.
Dean tried to speak calmly and encourage Cas but his terrified expression only made Dean crack up into a fit of laughter.
That afternoon when Dean met Sam by the Impala, he looked over and watched as Castiel placed a kiss on Anna's head before tugging his helmet onto her; it seemed habitual almost like he did it everytime he put the helmet on her. Castiel got on his bike and started it up before helping Anna climb on and get comfortable. Castiel carefully backed out of his spot before turning and slowly driving past the Impala.
When he got to work, Dean was bombarded with questions about Cas. He chose not to answer most of them, he didn’t want to tell anybody anything if Cas wasn’t okay with it. The three people he did talk to were Sam, Charlie, and Bobby; Dean trusted him to be loyal to Cas and not do anything to hurt him.
Cas made one more attempt to stand up but was met one last time with his father’s harsh fist. He decided it was best to just lay down and admit defeat. Cas waited for his father until three in the morning. His eyes were heavy with sleep and the pain that radiated from his jaw to his eye socket. His headache pounded deep inside his head and no amount of aspirin seemed to help.
Cas’s blue eyes were dark as they stared back at Dean, “Next time I won’t.”
He has no idea how long it was until he felt his pants being half put on him and his weak body hit a wall, his hands bound behind his back, duct tape over his mouth, and those hands; those horrible hands grab his face, “You know, I was going to kill you but… keeping you alive. Now that... is the most beautiful torture.” And Cas was alone.
After his shower, Dean handed Cas some pajamas and lead him towards the bed, “You need to rest. I’ll stay here and watch Annie.”
Sunday, Dean and Jo worked at the Roadhouse. While they were busying themselves getting ready for the dinner rush, Jo nonchalantly said, “I heard you and Cas went on a date…”
Dean craved more; a better relationship with Cas, more information about him, taking things slower, and quiet, lazy days together. He craved more for his mother, as well. Her drinking only got worse towards the holidays—it always did.
Now, Cas was conflicted. He was professional and Dean wanted to talk about personal things, he talked about personal life and Dean got angry. His frustration started to come out as tears but he pushed them down the best he could, “Sir, you wanted to keep things between us professional and I’m trying to.”
“So what the kid dumped you or whatever, that doesn’t mean I will!”
Anna, still sobbing, ran to Jo and Dean, who quickly checked on her and made sure she was okay.
“Cas…”
Back at Cas’s, they wrestled with Abby until she was in the bath and started to spray her with the handheld showerhead. Cas and Dean both scrubbed Abby’s long golden fur with the fancy all-natural shampoo Cas insisted on buying.
Cas’s low whisper of, “Yes, sir.” Made Dean cringe. He didn’t want to be ‘sir. He wanted to be Cas’s friend… and more.
When Dean added a third finger, he moved back up to kiss Cas. He easily slipped in his third finger while gently capturing Cas’s soft lips in his. After another minute, Dean pulled away to look at Cas’s lust-blow eyes, “Think you’re ready?”
Cas actually looked crush to have to say no to his little sister, “I’m sorry, love. I have to work today.”
Heavily sighing Dean took them from Cas, “Son of a bitch.” Without missing a beat, Dean pulled out his phone and after a moment started speaking, “Charlie, I need the subway footage from the purple line from last night around 10 pm. Yeah… just grab all of it.”
Cas hoped that was okay with her but if it wasn’t it wasn’t a question in his mind choosing his daughter’s happiness over his relationship, “Yeah, honey.”
After saying bye to Lisa, Cas and Annie walked down the hall until they reached Mr. Winchester’s room, which was filled with neat rows of twelve desks that were set up four by three with his desk facing them.
Towards the end of the day, Dean left early to go check on Cas; Bobby told him to make sure their intern was okay over getting paperwork done.
Taking a deep breath to relax, Cas nodded and tried to focus on the pleasure, “Yes, keep going?”
Cas’s blue eyes shined up at Dean with happy sedated eyes, “Very okay.”
Dean made a disgusted face, “Really… orange? Dude, that’s gross.” He didn’t mean it, he was just poking fun at Cas. Truthfully, anything Cas liked, Dean wanted to like too.
“What’s your name?”
C: ‘Fine, only because I love you.’
As soon as they walked in the front door, Annie attached herself to Cas’s legs, “I missed you, daddy!”
His vision was faded and dark but slowly the walls and details of a room could be seen coming into view, “Dean?”
Cas gave Dean a small smile in return, “Thank you.”
Almost a minute later, Gabe came running into their bedroom, closely followed by Alfie, Mike, and Luke. Gabe’s heart stopped as he saw his little brother suffering, “Oh my god, call an ambulance!”
Dean needed to do something. He couldn’t just sit and watch the person he loves suffer, “Okay, baby. Look, I’ll go get her okay? I’ll bring some food too so she can stay.”
JULY 19th 6:45 PM
Dean and Cas followed Sam out to the living room where everyone was sitting. Dean and Cas wedged themselves on the large cough next to Sam and Jess while John and Mary sat on the loveseat. Abby was happily sprawled out at Cas’s feet, contently enjoying the company of everybody.
What Cas wasn’t expecting when he strolled into the ring was the enormous fucker he had to fight. The large bald man had to be a foot taller than Cas and fifty pounds heavier.
Dean gently interrupted him, “Cas, you don’t have to worry about me. The only person in this school that has an issue with being gay is Alastair. But please, tell me the rest.” Dean kept rubbing soothing circles on Cas’s back as he continued.
They finished dinner in a comfortable silence and helped each other wash the dishes. They were sitting on the couch together when Dean muted the TV, “You should talk about what happened before the trial.”
Cas mumbled against Dean’s chest, “I don’t deserve you.”
And Sam assumed the role of little brother, “Dude… already?”
Cas politely thanked her and turned back to Dean, muttering, “Everything you own is flannel.”
The slightly younger and smaller man smiled back at him, “Yeah. Cas isn’t feeling great, he’s asleep on the couch but you can come in if you like.” Alfie stepped aside to let Dean in and closed the door behind him.
Dean leaned forward and ran his hands down Cas’s firm sides and over his hips, “I’m one lucky son of a bitch.” He pressed a kiss on Cas’s cock, over his panties and when he heard Cas’s quiet breathy moan, Dean smirked at him, “Hands and knees, sweetheart.”
Once their waitress, Jessica, walked away Sam went back to ranting about the case. Eventually, he stopped when he saw the blank look in Dean’s eyes, “Dude, are you even listening?”
Submissively looking down at his converse covered feet, Cas nodded, “Yes, sir.”
Not being one to disappoint, Dean drove hard into Cas, holding him close and using all of his strength to give Cas as much pleasure as he was receiving.
Dean sat on the bed and wrapped his arm around Cas, “I know you don’t but you can’t do that, you’re going to hurt yourself.”
When the doctor was gone, Dean helped Cas pack up the few things he had in his room, “So, you going home?”
“Fucking amazing.” Dean couldn’t help the sadness that swept over him as he thought about never being close to Cas again, never feeling Cas hold him again, never kissing him again. He hoped that eventually, the pain would go away. Hopefully sooner rather than later because Cas was coming back to school soon and seeing him was just going to make everything worse.
Cas offered him a small smirk, “Castiel, but you can call me Cas.”
After a few more moments of trying to catch their breaths and pull their brain cells back together, Dean and Cas walked back to Jody’s office to finish the rest of the meeting. Cas described going to the hospital and his injuries and after that, they all decided to call it a day.
Cas and Anna got off the plane in Seattle four hours later and were greeted by their aunt, Amara. She was their father’s sister and a sweet woman but she was not without her issues. The long-haired brunette was kind but often flew off the handlebars at small things.
“Tired, baby… she looks tired.” Giving each of them a kiss, Dean walked into their kitchen and called the vet’s office to let them know they were coming in. After hanging up, Dean picked up Abby and carried her out to the Impala with Cas close behind him.
Cas stiffened at Dean’s words and turned around to face him, his head tilted and eyes confused. Dean started to panic so he began to babble, “Stay as long as you want or you know, you don’t have to leave at all. You’re pretty fucking awesome and talented and honestly not hard on the eyes so if you wanted to move in for a little—.”
Cas couldn’t help but chuckle, “I know what you’re saying, Dean. And trust me, I’m definitely not the prettiest one having this conversation.” That made Dean’s cheeks flare up in a slightly embarrassing, dark pink blush. With sparkling blue eyes, Cas flirtatiously smirked at Dean, “Thanks again, Dean. I’ll see you later.”
Dean loudly moaned as his hips stuttered and froze as he came onto his stomach in long, white ropes. It was one of the most intense orgasms Dean has ever had. Cas’s hands didn’t stop as he worked Dean through his orgasm.
At lunchtime, Dean, Cas, and Annie were all sitting around the table with bowls of tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwiches. Annie refused to eat and instead opted to bounce in her seat and play with her food.
When Cas did answer, he sounded just as worried as Dean felt earlier, “Dean? Please tell me your mother is doing alright.”
Cas being Cas grabbed the shirt and walked up to a woman he could hear talking before politely saying, “Excuse me, ma’am... is this flannel?”
Not before long, Cas came deep into Dean, filling the condom and pushing Dean over the edge with him. They both came with each other’s names on their lips.
Not that Dean cared but he still didn’t have an answer by the time he pulled up to Cas’s house. He honked once then twice, still no answer.
D: ‘Of course.’
From where Dean was sitting in the car watching the scene unfold, he was brooding. Yeah, he wasn’t the nicest guy to his new intern but he wouldn’t lay a hostile hand on him. Since they were already inside, Dean shifted the Impala into gear and drove away. The feeling of guilt spreading inside of his chest. Sure, he was crabby and aggressive at times but nobody should lay a hand on their child. He decided he was going to have to have a chat with Cas about this tomorrow.
The security guard, who was actually a Lawrence police officer, ran up to where Dean and Cas were still sitting, “Novak, stand up.” Cas complied with the officer, not wanting to make things worse. Standing up, he kept his hands on his head until the officer grabbed his wrists and put him in handcuffs, “Just until we know what’s going on.”
Cas smiled at his little sister and pulled off his black helmet, handing it to her, “Of course you can, love.”
Cas sighed but agreed, “I’ll be home soon.”
“Your bedroom…” Cas’s eyes slowly refocused on Dean’s face, “… you’re bleeding. I hurt you…”
Now, Anna was crying again but this time, it was because of Cas.
C: ‘Yeah. You and I could grab dinner. You could sit on my face etc.…’
Under his jacket was Cas’s favorite flannels. It was red and black and soft from being worn so often. Dean pulled it on and let the familiar smell of Cas comfort him.
One of the more recent ones was both of them resting their heads on the toilet bowl when they had the stomach flu. Ever the comedian, Cas wrote: ‘The couple who suffers together, stays together.
Riding home, Anna’s voice repeated in Cas’s mind, “C-Cassie? It’s momma… she’s dead…” Through her sobs, Cas could tell how crushed she was.
Dean lightly pulled away and groaned against Cas’s lips, “You’re so beautiful.”
“Easy… blue. Like the ocean.”
Despite all of Cas’s protests, they did end up going to the gym almost every day. Cas had two months before the academy started and by the time those two months were over, he could easily spar with Dean. Their study sessions turned into play-wrestling which turned blow jobs; it was surprising Cas ever got any studying done.
“I don’t like to drink and I didn’t go to parties.” Cas kept his answers short, trying not to say anything to upset Dean.
Cas coldly greeted the announcer with a curt nod before he stripped off his jacket and climbed into the ring; loosening up his neck and arms, slightly jogging and bouncing from one foot to another.
Every year, Wichita State University had their top graduate of the Criminal Justice Major and has them intern for the summer at the Wichita police’s Homicide unit. It was usually funny to see the graduate who thought they were hot shit absolutely lose their mind when they got drop kicked into the shark pit.
After lunch, Sam bounced up to Dean, excited to tell him his news, “Guess what?! I asked Anna out and she said yes! Do you think you could drive us to the movies tonight?”
Dean’s hand quickly stroked himself and gently twisted his fist at the head of his leaking cock. The tight feeling in his stomach had a vice-like grip on him. When Dean’s thoughts roamed to how Cas would arch his back and cum across his stomach with Dean’s name on his lips, Dean came hard enough that a strangled moan escaped from deep in his throat. Dean was horrified when he let Cas’s name slip out as came into his fist.
Dean rolled his eyes, “And stop apologizing so much, it’s annoying.” That was mostly true. It was getting on Dean's nerves but he also didn’t want Cas to think he had to apologize for every little thing he did.
“Tell me… what’s the difference between the boy from tonight and the others?” Dean perked up when he heard Bobby ask that.
“Once we unplug him, it can take a while for him to let go. You can all sit with him.”
Cas’s face fell; his usual steeled, cold expression overtaking his smile, “I was just joking. Didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable.”
As seductively as he could, Cas practically growled, “Get over here and fuck me.”
It was Dean who ended up asking the uncomfortable question on everyone's mind, “Where are your parents?”
D: ‘Yeah, you still owe me that ride.’
His tears streamed down his face as the wind started to pick up, “I still have the ring you gave me. I have everything… everything besides the most important thing… you.”
By the time Cas was back, Annie’s tears had started to slow. Cas, ever the protector, worriedly sat with his boyfriend and daughter, scooping Annie up into his arms, “What happened?”
Sam hesitated but not by much, “I met a girl. Her name is Jessica. She’s blonde and gorgeous and the sweetest person in the world. She’s a nurse.”
Dean whimpered as a shiver wrecked through his body, “Can we just skip dinner?”
The funeral was three days later. Naomi was buried in the cemetery that was four miles from their house. The service was quiet and small, only her immediate family showed up to pay their respects to the kind woman who was stuck in a horrible situation.
Both of them were obviously hard so when their cocks ground together, neither could contain their moans. Dean scratched his nails down Benny’s muscular back desperately searching for more.
AUGUST 18th 1:15 PM
Laughing, Cas looked out the window at the golden glow the sunset painted in the sky, “Okay well then I guess I’m just going to have to figure something out...”
Cas didn’t need to see to feel the love his family shared.
Cas’s hesitation was obvious as he ran a hand through his disheveled hair, “No, I’m not.” Cas climbed out of the Impala and hopped on his bike before taking off towards the dark road. Dean quickly pulled out of the parking lot and followed Cas, at the distance Cas had told him a million times was safest.
D: ‘My mom is just being my mom.’
Alastair’s breath was hot against Dean’s ear, “Oh, and why not? He’s so innocent… so impressionable.”
Cas chuckled already feeling relieved, “Alright, John it is.”
Cas shoved his hands in his pockets and kept walking, not fighting his thoughts. They drifted from Dean’s eyes to his lips, from his lips to his freckles. Cas wondered how far they went? From his nose to his cheeks? Cheeks to his chest? He wondered how easy Dean would be to take apart? How beautiful he would sound moaning out Cas’s name?
At this point, the atmosphere was uncomfortable and tense so Cas decided being direct was the best option, “Dean and I are dating… we’ve been living together for months.”
C: ‘Jesus, baby. You scared the hell out of me. Of course, we can talk tonight. I get out of work a bit late though.’
For the rest of the night, Dean and Cas got lost in sweet kisses and warm hugs; something they both desperately craved.
Dean’s curious green-eyes followed them as they walked away, “Is that kid new?”
That first gasping breath stung deep into Cas’s lungs. As soon as he could, he barely managed to choke out, “…Dean?”
“That’s my boyfriend and even though I can’t see what he wears, I know for a fact that he wears the same five flannels all the time so I need to find him something that isn’t flannel. Could you help me?”
“No, just some plates.” Castiel placed the box on the kitchen table as Gabe turned to Alfie, Mike, and Luke, his friends, and roommates, who were sitting in the living room with him.
Still not understanding but dropping it anyway, “Just give me the papers.” Dean snatched them out of Cas’s nimble fingers. After skimming over them, Dean finally made eye contact with Cas again, “Okay, Novak. Here’s how things are going to go; I tell you what to do and you do what I say, when I say it. Got it?”
Dean thought about everything Cas had to go through over the past two weeks and he thought about the last time he talked about it. After a deep breath, Dean started, “I was a kid. Well… I was your age actually…  a year or two younger. And I saw a woman get shot by a guy who wanted her wallet. She bled out on Anderson Street at six fifty-eight on the night of September nineteenth. I still talk to her family but all my nightmares are about her blood and she begged me, Cas. She begged me to save her. I couldn’t save her. Just like I couldn’t save you and I can’t save you. I can’t stop it. It won’t stop—.”
Back in Dean’s office, they both got comfortable in chairs and started looking through the hours upon hours of footage. The lack of sleep was starting to catch up with Cas as they sat in silence. He felt his eyes start to close and get heavy until Dean sharply kicked his foot, “Novak!” Dean didn’t go too hard on him as he was started to fade as well, “Grab some coffee for us.”
Laughing Dean noticed one picture in the row of photos at the bottom of the screen, “Wait— what’s that?”
They were all sitting in the living room, some on chairs or the couch, telling stories and drinking beer. Mary and Naomi were bonding over raising their sons and Chuck was sitting with Annie, telling her fun made-up stories.
Dean was determined to make Cas feel better, “Take your shirt off and lay down on your stomach, I’m going to help you.”
Happily, Cas agreed, “That sounds great, Dean.”
Sam was a brand new law professor at Stanford University and not being much older than some of his students, they definitely pushed all of his buttons… all of the time. Dean laughed as he started to pull out some food to make dinner, “From the sounds of it, I’m glad to be around the 6-year-olds. What about the positives?”
Cas brought two fingers up to Dean’s mouth, “Suck.” Dean immediately complied, obscenely sucking on Cas’s index and middle finger, trying to get them soaking wet.
Cas smiled and kissed the side of Dean’s head, “Hey, baby.” Cas held Dean close, softly rubbing his back, happy to finally have some alone time with his boyfriend.
They had spent enough time together over the past week that Dean could easily notice the hesitation in Cas’s actions. He didn’t need to ask what was wrong, “Want me to come in with you for a minute?”
Cas took a deep breath before explaining the call, “I don’t want you to worry but I have your mother in the ambulance. She had some shortness of breath and chest pain. She’s doing okay though. Would you like to talk to her?”
Sammy was a freshman and Dean was a senior this year at Lawrence Public High School. This morning, like everyone before, had students piling into the parking lot but Dean still managed to pull into his usual spot next to his best friend Charlie Bradbury’s yellow hatchback.
When Dean grabbed Cas’s hair and tugged while he came down his throat, Cas moaned at the sweet saltiness of Dean’s cum. He thought that this is what heaven feels like as he felt his own orgasm rip through him. Cas swallowed every drop of cum and pulled off of Dean’s softening cock.
Reluctantly, Dean pulled away from Cas, who stared at him with wide eyes, “Better?”
“You were having sex? Just say it, Dean. You have sex. I have sex. We all have sex.” Mary looked unamused at her son tip-toeing around the topic.
Throwing his hands up, Dean shook his head. He was hoping for at least one more day of peace and quiet, “Well, fuck me. Fine.”
Dean was instantly on board, “That sounds like an awesome idea! What about the beach?”
Dean’s anger filled eyes didn’t turn sad and regretful until Annie stood in the doorway to the living room, clutching her stuffed bunny against her chest and with scared eyes and a timid voice asked, “Daddy?”
In Cas's mind that was too much like a loving touch, which he definitely does not do. He quickly dropped Dean’s freckled hand and crossed his arms. They didn’t look at each other or talk the rest of the movie.
A few seconds later, Cas blearily woke up and groaned, “Urghhh… stop yelling. What happened?”
Cas smiled at Dean as he tried to smooth down his hair and Dean put a plain black tie on him. After they were both dressed, Cas noticed Dean frowning at him so he frowned right back, “What?”
Cas and Anna both hopped on the Sportster and quickly drove to Dean’s house. Cas had made the decision to try and dress a little nicer than usual. With Anna’s help, Cas had tried his best to smooth out his hair, put on a pair of clean jeans that didn’t have holes or rips in them. He also switched out his usual biker boots for clean sneakers. Anna helped him pick out a clean but casual black t-shirt; she did insist that he kept on his leather jacket because it, “Gave him his power.”
Dean felt pride at Cas’s praise, “Anytime.”
The anxiety and panic in Cas’s stomach were subsiding now that Dean was with him but he still wanted to get the hell out of that bar, “Can we go back to the room?”
At the end of the message, Cas opened up the picture app on his phone and pulled up a photo of his father making a ridiculous face and his mother looking completely unamused. He showed Dean and rolled his eyes, “My dad is probably driving her crazy.”
After a long, eventful, and busy day, Annie fell asleep as soon as her head hit her pillow. Back in Dean and Cas’s bedroom, Dean was busy digging through his school bag and desk.
Knowing he’d been beat but still couldn’t just take somebody’s money, Cas supplied, “I’d rather pick up some extra hours and earn the money.”
Dean’s eyes traced over Cas’s bed hair, his bloodshot eyes, his sharp jawline, his thin neck and shoulders, “Oh, Cas… I’m so sorry this happened to you. What can I do to help you?”
“Fine! You want me to leave so bad, I will!” Dean untangled himself from the blanket and left the room, slamming the bedroom door behind him. The harsh sound of the door slamming shook through the small house, cutting through the silence.
Cain grinned wickedly, “He didn’t beg until he lost enough blood. I had to make him suffer just to hear his pretty little cries. Let me tell you… boy, did he beg once I was in him. You should have heard how he whimpered. That was one tight ass and how his blood flowed out of him with his heartbeat… mmhmm.”
Dean’s eyes flew open as he shoved Cas off of him and yelled in a broken voice, “Stop!” His hands were shaking and he could hear his heartbeat in his ears. The fear coursing through him didn’t stop even when Cas stopped moving completely after pulling out of Dean.
Dean, however, seemed unfazed by the laundry, dishes, kid’s toys, blankets, and pillows that covered the living room, “That’s alright. I basically spend every day with kids. Mess doesn’t bother me.”
Half-way through rinsing out the shampoo, Cas quickly sprayed Dean with the hose, giggling like a dork.
Cas carefully turned towards the voice and smiled, “Hello, Dean.”
Their answers were slow in response to the strange question but Sam’s wasn’t, “Yeah. He’s super nice. Alastair was being mean to Anna so Cas knocked him out.” Maybe not the best answer but the three teens hoped the adults would see what Sam was trying to say.
They didn’t end up talking much on the way but once they got to the classroom, Anna gave Dean a quick hug. It was short and sweet but got her point across; it was a thank you. Dean decided maybe the Novaks aren’t so strange, after all.
The musky scent of Cas’s leather jacket mixed with the November night air sent Dean’s nerves on fire as they zoomed down the highway, probably going too fast but not at all caring. Dean ran his hand down Cas’s thigh and roughly squeezed it, urging Cas to go faster.
Bobby Singer shook Cas’s outstretched hand, “Of course, as soon as I saw your bike and found out that you fixed it up yourself, I knew you’d be a great help with fixing up the pile of old bikes I have behind the shop.”
Cas felt Dean’s beautiful cock brush against the back of his throat and the younger boy squirm under his hands, it wasn’t until he felt Dean tap his shoulder that he realized that Dean was grabbing a small bottle of lube that was under the seat. Cas pulled off of Dean’s cock and smirked at him, “Have you been planning this, you little sneak?”
On their way back, Gabe stopped only a block away from their house, “Oh and this is Sam’s. Best coffee around here. Want some?”
Looking into Dean’s bright green eyes, Cas smirked at the sweet, needy younger boy who was clinging to him. Cas leaned forward and whispered into Dean’s ear so that the rest of the diners didn’t hear him, “You’re such a good boy for me.”
Dean lit up because of course, he wanted to hang out with Cas more, “Yeah, definitely! You’re actually my last parent of the night if you wanted to grab one now.”
Dean was overjoyed but honestly surprised. In his opinion Cas was so far out of his league, he has no idea how he got Cas in his bed. So he couldn’t help but ask, “Really?”
The look in Dean’s green eyes was full of love as he smiled at Cas, “What’s something you’ve always wanted to do?”
To celebrate, Cas bought them a six pack of Dean’s favorite beer when they stopped at the grocery store. When he got back to the Impala, he was pouting.
Castiel was diagnosed with a Pilocytic Astrocytoma at only twenty years old. After surgery and treatment, the tumor was removed but unfortunately, so was Castiel’s eyesight. Now twenty-five, Cas and his seeing-eye dog, Abby, were moving into his older brother, Gabe’s house in Lawrence, Kansas.
When the smile spread across Dean’s lips and the tears of joy formed in his eyes, Cas knew everything was okay. Dean pulled Cas into a tight hug, “I’m so happy, Cas.”
In Mr. Wyatt’s freshman English class, the first thing Sam noticed was the usually empty seat next to him had been taken by the girl who was with Leather Jacket earlier. Sam smiled at her rosy cheeks and invitingly stuck his hand out, “Hi, I’m Sam.” She seemed to consider for a minute before accepting and shaking his hand, “My name’s Anna. Nice to meet you.”
Keeping good by his promise, Dean walked through their front door only five minutes later. Cas was still sitting unmoving on the living room floor with Annie carefully watching from the kitchen.
“Anna and I moved to Lawrence a few months ago, I work at Bobby’s shop…um… I love your son.”
Once he was back with Dean, Cas tried to smile but miserably failed, “Thanks for watching her, sorry for interrupting your date.”
Cas didn’t seem to mind the question, “No, when I was twenty my vision slowly got worse and I started to get terrible headaches. I was diagnosed with brain cancer. I had surgery to take it out but between the damage from the tumor and then the surgery, I was completely blind.”
Mary beamed at the two boys, “Good now… who wants to see baby pictures?”
Gladly complying, Dean opened his swollen lips before Cas came into his mouth and across his cheek. He moaned at the salty taste that filled his mouth.
Cas stirred more and snaked an arm around Dean’s middle and pulled him closer. After they kissed for a few more minutes, Cas pulled away but moved his hand up to cradle Dean’s face, “So… last night was really fun. I’d love to see you again.”
Gabe kissed her head, “Night, sweet dreams.” Annie was too tired to pick her head up off Cas’s shoulder and say goodnight back.
Annie poked his nose and giggled when he scrunched up his hazel eyes, “I’m your only niece!”
Surprisingly, instead of pulling away from Dean, Cas latched himself onto his arm, “Don’t let them hurt me.”
By the time Annie bounced back into the small living room, she was wearing a pretty white dress with a blue floral print that Dean had bought her. They all headed to go get some BBQ at a local restaurant.
And then, the hard questions started;
Cas nodded and relaxed a little once Dean was sitting in the chair next to his bed, “You doing okay?”
When the fit, but still, small boy with messy black hair, big blue eyes, black jeans and a grey sweater over his white button up walked into his office, Dean actually did groan, “You’ve got to be fucking kidding me.” Dean's brain supplied his real problem with the intern, '
“Anything for you?”
Dean shot Cas a nasty look but trying to make Dean feel at least a little better, Cas started to kiss Dean’s neck.
Cas gently brought his hands up to Dean’s sides and stepped close to him before softly placing a kiss on Dean’s neck.
Everybody laughed except for Cas who looked completely confused, “You broke an intern?”
His steady, experienced hands were putting the finishing touches on the bike when a familiar voice snapped him out of his meditative state, “Cas?”
“Nothing! The doctor said my MRI and CT were clear and so were my blood tests. I’m probably just getting sick.”
John choked on his drink, “You’re what?!”
Back in the bathroom, Dean was still throwing up when Cas came back. Cas dropped his supplies and sat behind Dean, rubbing his back, “Alright, I got you. You’re okay.”
Dean sounded just as devastated as Cas felt, “I’ll be right home.” When he did get home, Dean sat next to Cas and started stroking Abby’s head with him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mary shook her head, letting her heavy eyes close again and fall back into a restless slumber. Dean made sure to turn her on her side and cover her with their old wool blanket before stepping out the front door, closely followed by his younger brother, Sam, who eagerly followed Dean. He wore an old pair of blue jeans, scuffed from summer baseball games and one of Dean's hand-me-down plaid shirts; his lengthy blonde hair threatening to cover his brown eyes.
Dean’s cheeks flushed as he spread his legs wider, giving Cas better access to his needy hole. Cas slicked up his fingers and pushed one into Dean. Hearing Dean’s gorgeous moans, drove Cas crazy. He quickly pushed another finger into him and stretched out his tight hole.
Naomi and Chuck Novak had been married for thirty years. Every single of those thirty years was miserable. Chuck was never afraid to throw his wife and kids around, drunk or sober. Luckily, Gabe got out by moving to Lawrence before joining the military but Castiel and Anna were stuck until Castiel turned eighteen and decided to take Anna and move into their brother's house. They were on their own but at least they were safe and together.
Without needing to think about where he was going, Cas walked out of Dean’s house and down the street, just following the pain his boyfriend was in.
As Dean fell asleep that night, their last phone call played over and over in his head. Cas had called him before he left the house and got on his bike. He could hear Cas’s deep, sweet voice, “Yes, I’ll be safe. I love you so much, baby, I’ll talk to you later.”
Charlie took a deep breath and turned towards Dean, “So my seemingly innocent friend… how was sex with Cas? You know the scary, violent, leather-wearing, tattoo-covered, motorcycle-riding, hot kid you met like two months ago?”
They stayed on the floor together until the night became morning.
Cas got started right away with a pretty banged up looking Harley Street 750. It would need at least new brakes, paint, a new seat, and some improvements to the engine if Bobby was going to turn a profit. He couldn't wait to fix it up and get the motor running at full strength again.
When Dean felt steady behind him, Cas revved his bike and drove off. He felt Dean tighten his arms around his stomach and take an uneven breath so Cas kept his speed low as they cruised down empty back roads. Dean allowed himself to enjoy the feeling of freedom and liberation as the trees quickly zoomed past them. Eventually, when Dean started to relax Cas sped up and pulled onto the highway.
Cas tried to hide his blush with a grumpy face, “So do you, baby.”
Against his better judgment, Cas let out a sarcastic chuckle, “We could if you bothered to talk to me but sure, what would you like to talk about?”
Thankfully, Cas carefully moved his hips and nodded, “Yes, Dean. Don’t stop.” Cas thought this would be painful but the feeling of Dean holding him and stretching him out with his hard cock was pure bliss.
Unlike all their other kisses, this one wasn’t harsh or rushed, it wasn’t lust filled or desperate; it was slow and sweet. This was the first time Dean felt like he was actually kissing Cas; the fullness of his lips, the warmth of his mouth, the softness of his hands.
Thankfully, mostly for Dean, Sam visited with coffee and hugs for everyone. He always lit up whatever room he was in and made everybody smile, which is something everyone could use at the moment.
Mary put a loving hand on his cheek, gently stroking his cheekbone with her thumb, “Oh, Dean. My love, I’m so sorry you’re scared. What your father did to us, it wasn’t right. It’s okay to be scared but you need to talk to people, honey.”
Being Charlie’s best man, Dean stood up to make a speech, “Charlie, you’re my best friend. You’re a fantastic woman and I know you’ll be an amazing wife. I can’t wait for you and Dorothy to experience life together. You both deserve the best things in life and—yeah… I’m going to cry again. I know most of you from work and just because I cry at weddings, doesn’t mean I won’t kick your asses.” Everyone laughed at that, especially the many other police officers who were there. When everyone quieted down, Dean continued but not before turning to Charlie and seeing her wink at him, “I mean… I cry at every wedding, in fact…” Dean walked over to Cas and took his hand, dragging him out to the middle of the floor, “I’ll probably cry at ours.”
Dean couldn’t help but smile because Cas really was perfect, “No, thank you. I just… look, I shouldn’t have snapped at you. I’d really like to meet up if we could.”
“You’re a horrible liar.”
Dean didn’t mind going to the gym; he enjoyed lifting weights and exercise but one thing he absolutely despised was cardio and even more than that… yoga. Cas loved yoga. It helped him relax and stay comfortable. But anytime he tried to encourage Dean to do a little bit, it was like trying to give a cat a bath. “Cas, it hurts!” “My body doesn’t bend this way!” “I’m thirty-two, not twenty-one!” Cas easily moved from pose to pose, his newly built muscles doing nothing but helping him. Often, Dean gave up and ended up just watching Cas and smiling at how peaceful he looked.
Once he was comfortable on the couch, Cas drank a bottle of water and listened to an auto book for a while before drifting off to sleep.
“Anytime.”
“Yeah, Anna is just nervous about me not being in school.” For punching Alastair in the lunchroom, Cas received three days suspension. He didn't mind as long as Alastair kept his distance from Anna.
Cas didn’t need to hear anything else before pulling his helmet on and taking off.
Alastair had a reputation at their school for being a bit of a dickhead. He tortured anyone and everyone who ‘got in his way’. He took a particular interest in Charlie, Jo, and Dean; the friends tried to tell themselves that he wasn’t worth getting upset over but there was something about the tall, skeletal man that just made their skin crawl. He sent out a terrible energy, a plague almost, that easily infected anyone in a spitting distance.
Dean most definitely checked out Cas’s ass as he left and yes, Cas is hot and no, Dean is not sorry.
She held up one of the crowns, “I made them red for Christmas.”
Cas breathed out a sigh of relief, “Please.”
It didn’t take long before Cas asked Dean to turn back over. When Dean laid on his back, his neck and chest were bright pink and covered in a thin layer of sweat. The view of Cas rolling on a condom and stroking himself a few times to spread the lube over himself was enough to fill his spank bank forever.
Eventually, the twelve of them sat down to a big dinner of pot roast, mashed sweet and regular potatoes, corn, greens, rolls, and gravy. Towards the end of the night, Gabe and Kali went to her house and Charlie and Dorothy went home. Mary stayed at Dean’s house with Sam and Jess while Chuck and Naomi stayed in Cas’s guest room.
“Nothing.”
Dean pressed a kiss to Cas’s head, “I’m not going anywhere.” For the rest of the night, Dean and Cas held each other and silently begged for the other to stay.
He ran up to them and roughly shoved Alastair away before grabbing Zach and slamming his head against the wall until he was unconscious and bloody
Half-heartedly, Cas hugged Mary back, “Yes well, I should go home and grab some of Dean’s stuff anyway. Let him know when he wakes up?”
Dean quickly hopped into the Impala and sped off to Cas’s house, his worry for Cas’s wellbeing boiling in his stomach. Thankfully, they only live a few short minutes from each other.
Gabe and Luke heaved Cas to his feet while Alfie pulled out a chair for him and Mike let Abby in.
“Holy fucking shit!”
The car ride back to the Harvelle-Singer’s was quick and tense. Cas was still unconscious but thankfully the blood coming from his face and head had stopped when Bobby carried him inside his house, “Jo! Sam! Get in here!”
Cas didn’t notice Dean’s sleepy smile and loving eyes watching him until he heard his half-asleep, “Good morning, sweetheart.” Finishing his flow, Cas flopped back down in bed next to Dean who tried to drag Cas back into the warmth, “What time is it?”
Sam shifted uncomfortably in the doorway, “Ice cream… we are having ice cream and watching a movie.”
Without saying much more, Cas walked out of the hospital and for the first time since the worst night of his life, he took the subway back to Dean’s house. It was filled with anxiety and horrible flashbacks that did nothing but add fuel to the pit of anxiety building in his stomach. Things were going so well… why does everything have to fall apart?
Dean’s smile quickly faded as the familiar pang in his chest returned, ‘Somewhere else?’
Dean was going to snap, he could feel his anger and frustration reaching the boiling point. He dug his nails into his palm, “Could you please tell me if he is out of surgery yet?” When she looked up at him, Dean tried to flash her a charismatic smile, “Please… I’m worried about him.”
Dean led Cas away from the bar and observing eyes before whispering to him, “Are you okay? What can I do to help?”
Dean smiled to himself because Cas really is an amazing father. After a moment, he got his feet moving towards Cas’s room. While Cas was in Annie’s room, Dean ran into Gabe who looked slightly displeased to see Dean again. The apology was out of Dean’s mouth before he could think, “Hey… sorry about the other night.”
AUGUST 18th 1:09 PM
They were interrupted by Anna’s loud voice, “CASSIE! WE’RE HUNGRY!”
Again, Charlie shrugged and gave him an innocent smirk, “Road bumps.”
After returning from their families, Dean, Cas, Annie, and Gabe all spent Christmas day with each other. As they sat around the Novak’s small Christmas tree drinking eggnog, spiked for everyone except Annie, they exchanged gifts. Cas gave Dean a vinyl record of Led Zeppelin, he gave Gabe baking equipment, and he gave Annie something she’d been begging for, a new bike.
The second day he was in the hospital, Cas and Dean were alone. Knowing it was going to happen anyway, Cas asked Dean to help him shave the sides of his head, even though only one side would be operated on. When he was done, Dean kissed Cas, “I got to say, baby, you look pretty hot. You know, kind of punk rock.”
When they did get to the Roadhouse, their waitress, Jo, sat them down at Dean’s usual table; a small comfortable booth in the corner of the diner. The comfortable seats were covered with a red cushion and the table was a solid, dark wooden table. They both ordered a beer and a double cheeseburger.
He quickly ran up to Dean, the panic obvious in his frantic blue eyes; grabbing onto Dean’s arm, his voice wavered in fear, “Dean, I can’t find Anna. I have no idea where she is.”
Cas wanted to help Dean, he would do anything that was asked of him, “What do you suggest?”
Somehow, Dean’s cheeks only flushed hotter, “Um… yeah.” This time, it was Cas who reached out for Dean’s hand. Eventually, Dean took Cas’s hand, only pulling away when Abby started to lick their hands.
“Okay, Novak. You’re okay, alright? Keep walking, do not stop. I’ll be there in a minute.” Trying his best to keep Cas calm, Dean was doing the opposite by working himself into a panic. Things weren’t bad until Dean heard screaming. Cas’s deep voice yelled for somebody to get off of him then the line went silent. Dean stepped harder on the gas and yelled into the phone, “CAS?!”
Bobby was quick to try and block Cas’s path towards the front door. Amusement and bewilderment evident in his gruff voice, “What are you going to do? Walk back to Perry?” He didn't believe that Cas could walk twenty minutes in the cold December weather and live long enough to get his bike back.
Pulling on his helmet, Cas snipped back at him, “She’s fine. I’ll talk to you whenever.”
“Yeah, thanks. Be good, you two.” Dean gave them a jokingly stern look before walking down the hall. He took a deep breath before knocking on Cas’s door. From inside, he heard Cas’s familiar deep voice answered him, “Come in!”
“Can you describe what happened on the night of June seventeenth?”
Not realizing he was outwardly doing so, Dean brooded at Cas,
Cas’s mind screamed but he couldn’t bring himself to say the words, ‘
The two laughed together as Cas peeled away, taking the next exit off the highway to get back to Lawrence. Soon, Cas pulled onto a quiet back road, looking for a very specific spot; the abandoned hunting cabin he had seen a few days back while he was out for a drive.
“No, it’s not. It’s the color of fall. But fine… what’s yours?” When Cas looked at Dean from his pillow, Dean knew his answer.
Dean adjusted his grip on Cas’s hand and gave him a good morning kiss on his healing cheek; the same way he did when they would wake up in bed together, only this time Cas didn’t groan and pull Dean against him. He didn’t smell like morning-after sex and his cologne. He didn’t beg for, “Please, baby… just five more minutes.” Cas just laid in his hospital bed with the machines steady hiss and beep. Breath in. Breath out. Breath in. Breath out.
The ride home was quick and silent. No music just the low hum of the Sportster’s engine filled the tense air surrounding the siblings.
Dean internally celebrated when Cas reached out and grabbed his hand before whispering, “Stay?”
“No big deal, just a few questions. You know anything about Allison McAdams?” Cas tried to keep it casual and not accusing.
Cas seemed embarrassed that he forgot about that, “Of course. Abby, light.” Abby left Cas’s side only to jump up and grab the light switch with her mouth and flipped it on.
He thought about how happy Dean’s smile would be when he saw the record that he’s been wanting for months. He thought about how Dean’s freckles completely covered his face now that they were in the summer months. He thought about the vacation they had been planning to go to the coast and enjoy a week by the beach. He thought about how happy they would—.”
Dean snarled at his new intern, “Get the fuck out of my office.”
Before Cas could answer, Judy stood up in outrage, “Objection! Relevance?”
Dean slowly walked away, hating having to leave Cas when he is in that much pain. He knew Cas needed time; after all Dean needed time when his father died.
She nodded and snuggled back into her warm blankets, “Okay, daddy.”
Dean ruffled Cas’s hair and pinched his cheek, “Awe, little ring bearer.”
After pulling away, Cas offered him an almost embarrassed smile, “Thanks for the other day. Sorry about being such a mess.”
All the air was sucked out of Dean’s lungs. He couldn’t even cry.
Dean kissed the back of his hand, “Is it your stomach again, baby? We can go home if you don’t feel good.”
Surprisingly, Dean was physically fine, sitting on the front steps of the hospital. Cas finally took a deep breath, seeing that Dean wasn’t bleeding, that he hadn’t ruined him, that history wasn’t repeating itself. “Dean? What happened?”
Dean’s heart stopped when he looked at Cas’s bloody face, “…Cas?” Quickly dropping his backpack, Dean ran to Cas’s side; forgetting his anger towards Cas, “What the hell happened to him?” He brushed a barely-there touch through Cas's hair, inspecting his wounds.
Dean really was bored. So bored he took a huge risk and drove to the station with his left foot… the wrong foot. Eventually, he made it to the station in one piece but was unsure how long he was going to stay like that what he saw the death glare Cas gave him, “Dean! Why are you here?!”
Dean put two steady hands on Cas’s arms, “Come on, you’re okay. Just take a deep breath.”
“In our safe!” After a long, pregnant silence Cas wearily shouted again, “Right?!”
With a professional goodbye and prescription in hand, Cas walked back out to where Gabe had parked the car.
They both walked back to the lunch room together in silence. When they finally got back to the table, Charlie smiled up at them, “Hey, you found him!” Before sitting down, Cas wrapped an arm around Anna and gave her a kiss on her forehead.
Cas looking down at his feet and adjusted his backpack’s strap on his shoulder, “It’s fine, sir.”
Dean facepalmed at his huge mouth and grumbled into his hands, “…twice.” He didn't want to talk about it because of the embarrassment but he needed to get it out. He couldn't deal with the pain alone.
All efforts to relax against his soft sheets were destroyed by his painfully hard cock. After another few minutes of trying to fight it, Dean bitterly took himself into his hand and muttered, “Stupid dick. Stupid night. Stupid self. Stupid intern and his stupid fucking blue eyes and stupid fucking lips and stupid body and—fuck…” He tried to stifle a moan as his thoughts roamed to Cas’s body; his slender hips and elegant hands, his crystal blue eyes and his perfect ass. He thought about how amazing Cas would feel pressed against Dean.
Chuck’s rage filled eyes found Cas’s, “Are you fucking kidding me?”
Grumpily taking his coffee back, Dean added, “I’m also his daughter’s teacher.”
At that, Dean pouted and when Cas hung up, he whined, trying to hold Cas down, “No, stay in bed with me.”
“I—I um… yes…” Cas’s laughter was one of the most beautiful noises Dean’s ever heard, he needed to hear more. He couldn’t help himself from pulling the blankets off of Cas and jump on the bed, his hands quickly tickling Cas’s waist and armpits.
Cas understood why. Dean’s mother could have died—she almost did. Cas could understand the panic of a parent being very close to death, he could only imagine how he would have felt if he saw his mother after Chuck beat her to death. That whole train of thought made Cas’s eyes flood with tears. Instead of showing his emotion, Cas pulled Dean against his chest and shoulder again, “I’m so sorry, Dean. Is she okay now?”
Cas stood up and started pacing around his room, leaving Dean sitting quietly on his bed at a loss of what to do. The sound of Cas’s fist colliding with the wall made Dean jump, “Cas, stop.”
Dean couldn’t think of anything that would make him happier.
Cas lightly chuckled, “You’re drunk.” After kissing for another minute, Cas pulled away and tightly hugged Dean, “You should stay… just because I don’t want you walking home like this.”
Sleepily blinking awake, Dean yawned, “Good call. Goodnight mom, love you.”
What seemed like forever later, Jess came back and led everybody up to Cas’s room. They sat with him until the doctor came back in and Dean was relieved Cas couldn’t see the look on the doctor’s face. His suspicion of bad news was quickly confirmed, “Looking at the scans, you can see the tumor sitting in the right hemisphere of his brain. We can assume that it is the same cancer type as before which luckily means that it is benign. It is fairly large which is what caused the seizure, it is putting a lot of pressure on the rest of your brain. We can surgically remove it and test it to make sure it is benign. After the surgery, we will do a course of radiation and continue with regular scans to monitor it.”
At the station, Dean is grouchy until he successfully chugged two cups of coffee; Cas, on the other hand, was pleasantly saying good morning to their coworkers, having already exercised and drunk his coffee. Dean only smiled when Cas kissed his cheek and told him to have a good day.
The park was about ten minutes from their house and five from the restaurant. The late October weather had stripped the trees of their leaves, leaving them covering the sidewalks and the woodchips of the playground at the park.
Their conversation about how terrible Alastair was interrupted by the low, rumbling sound of a motorcycle. They turned their head towards the unfamiliar sound; a few spots down was a tall, muscular boy with messy black hair pulling into a parking space. He turned off his black Harley Sportster 883 after smoothly dropping his kickstand down with his left foot. He had on a beautifully fitting leather jacket, ripped blue jeans that covered the tops of his black biker boots… and no helmet. More unusual than him, was the younger girl sitting behind him. She looked small, probably a freshman. She had on a pretty floral dress and pink tights; her red hair was trapped under a black, full-face helmet.
Her just as slurred reply of, “Hi, Cas!” was enough to calm the rest of Cas’s nerves. Along with being on some pain meds herself, Charlie had a minor concussion, whiplash, a few cuts and bruises, and a fractured wrist.
Cas thought Dean was going to have a heart attack when he said that. Luckily they were able to get back to Dean’s in only a few minutes. When they did get back, Cas waited until Dean was out of the car before picking him up and throwing him over his shoulder. Dean giggled when Cas smacked his ass and carried him through the front door, practically running up to Dean’s bedroom.
Of course, he is, Cas was an asshole. He hurt Dean, he made him feel used and lonely. He did the one thing he was trying to protect Dean from. By trying to protect him, Cas was the one hurting him.
Cas leaned into this radio, “3220, 10-4.” Once his hand was off the radio he turned to Alfie, “Bet you it’s a heart condition.”
Dean tried not to stare as Cas wrapped his plump, pink lips around the bottle and took a long drink. He tried not to listen to Cas groan as the cool, amber liquid quenched his thirst. However, Dean couldn’t help himself; he was completely infatuated with the Cas. The way his hair stood up when he ran his fingers through it, how his muscles moved under his tattoos, how the black ink seemed to seamlessly flow over his body, and then there were his eyes. They were the holy water that Dean wanted to be baptized in, the oceans that he could drift away on, a beacon of light he desperately wanted to cling to.
Dean stood shocked in place until Cas was gone. As soon as it was just him and Jo again, “Holy shit!” He held up the napkin to Jo.
Let me know what you think so far? xxx
It wasn’t until two-thirty in the morning when the doctor finally came into the waiting room to talk to Dean. Since Dean was the only one in there, it wasn’t hard to tell who he was waiting for, “Hello, are you Castiel Novak’s family?”
He flicked Charlie’s nose obviously trying to deny the truth of,
At the small hole-in-the-wall shop on thirty-second street, Dean and Cas strolled in and walked up to the front counter. The rock music playing and the cheap lighting seemed almost stereotypical of a tattoo shop. Approaching a similarly aged brunette man in dark jeans an hoodie, Dean was the one who led the conversation by holding up a picture of the suspect's tattoo, “Hey, pal. Any chance this is one of yours?”
D: ‘Fuck, I’m so hard. You need to get home. A.S.A.P.’
Cas’s blue eyes flashed up at Dean, “Are you trying to say something about how I take care of my sister?”
Annie smiled so her blue eyes were staring up at Dean, “It’s okay, daddy said sometimes adults get into arguments.”
Back in Cas’s room, Dean brushed his teeth with the toothbrush he started leaving at Cas’s, he washed his face and stole a pair of Cas’s boxers and a t-shirt that was a little big on him. Before getting into bed, Dean left a glass of water on Cas’s night stand with a bottle of aspirin and a note that said, ‘Annie has been fed and she’s happily sleeping. Drink some water and take the aspirin if you need it, there are leftovers in the fridge.’
She arrived in the office a few minutes later, “Hey, Cassie!” She bounded up to him and tightly hugged him, “What’s going on, big bro?”
Dean didn’t wake up until he felt Cas shaking and murmuring in his sleep, Dean reached over and took Cas’s hand, “Shhh, you’re okay.” They both fell back into a peaceful sleep until Dean’s alarm woke him up.
Before Cas moved, he barely touched his lips with Dean’s, gently brushing them together with every word, “No, no, no… be a good slut and scream for me.” Wrapping his large hands around Dean’s waist, Cas harshly fucked up into Dean.
When they turned to walk back to their siblings, Cas's eyes traced down Dean's body, stopping at his ass. It was firm and round in his snug jeans. Cas's mouth watered at the thought of Dean bent over for him. Sufficiently frustrated, Cas climbed on the Sportster before helping Anna with her helmet then waiting for her to hop on the back of the bike. Before they could drive away, Dean tapped Cas’s shoulder, pointed at his own head and mouthed, ‘helmet’.
“No connection besides the subway line.”
“I understand, Dean. I won’t let anything happen to her. We are going to Saint Francis Hospital.” Just as he said that Cas heard Alfie turn off the sirens as they pulled into the E.R bay.
Cas clung to Dean’s bare arms, burying himself against his boyfriend, “Don’t go, Dean. I’m so sorry.”
Dean cut him off with a hand in the air, “Okay… too many feelings. Love you too, bitch. Talk later.”
He was still in his army green fatigues and obviously exhausted but was still trying to be his playful, cheery self.
C: ‘Yeah, you looking for some 8==D? ;)’
Again, Alastair snickered and started to sneer something back but was cut off by the harsh impact Cas’s fist on the left side of his face; which instantly knocked him out. The entire lunchroom sucked in a simultaneous harsh breath, including Dean’s table, when Alastair fell to the floor completely unconscious.
“Okay, grouchy…” Cas wanted to help Dean feel better, even if he was being a little bit of a dick, “Want to read? We’re only on chapter ten… forty-nine left.”
Dean turned the key to the Impala as her engine roared to life, “Be there in ten.” As he drove to the station, Dean let the familiar feeling of his Impala soothe his harsh mood.
Dean looked completely shocked when Cas looked back at him, “I—I’m sorry… what?”
Dean drove home with tears streaming down his face and a white-knuckled grip on the steering wheel. What did he do? Cas was trying to be kind. He didn’t mean it. But that didn’t matter. He still did it. It’s his fault. His fault. No! Fuck. It’s not. He shouldn’t have yelled at Cas. Too late now. It’s always too late. Always his fault.
When Cas finally came back to school, he tries his best to ignore Dean but unfortunately, that means ignoring Charlie, Jo, and Sam. He made sure to tell Anna not to let what happened between him and Dean hurt her relationship with Sam or her other friends. She assured Cas it wouldn’t; after all, she and Sam decided to just stay friends for now and that, “They were better as study-buddies than a couple.” As long as Anna was happy, Cas was happy for her.
“Jesus, Cas. Your temp is 104. How long have you been feeling sick?”
When they got to the outdoor ice rink, Cas realized why Dean wanted to go so badly; the rink was a large circle, surrounded by a white wall with multiple strands of white, twinkling lights on it. Everybody there looked like they were out of a movie scene; gracefully gliding around the ring.
There were times that Cas could still be an asshole and fly off the handlebars at times but Dean stopped taking his shit and just gave him the, ‘You’re being a gigantic asshole’ face and Cas quickly realizes what he’s doing. Dean knows under Cas’s issues, he really does love Dean.
“Mom? Mom… wake up.” Dean Winchester shook his mother’s pale shoulder, trying to wake her up after an all-night love fest with one of her favorite red wines. Hearing her son's voice pierce through her dreams of crushed metal and flame; her blue eyes opened quickly. It was clear to Dean that she did not get a good night’s rest, something neither of them would admit she desperately needed.
Dean who was standing completely shocked in the corner of the room, jumped in front of the doctor, “Wait, no. You’re going to make it worse.”
Dean jumped to his feet and had his phone put before he was even in the hall. Once he was alone, he wasted no time calling Cas. He paced back in forth waiting for Cas’s deep voice to come through the phone.
Everyone cheered and laughed when Charlie snuck over to them and proceeded to pop a bottle and spray them both with champagne, completely drenching them. As they laughed and hugged each other, Charlie took the microphone Dean was still holding, “When Dean came to me a year ago and told me he wanted to propose to Cas, I immediately offered for him to do it here! I want to wish them the best just as they have for us!”
Cas leaned into his black radio that was on his chest, “3220, 10-4.” Cas turned on the lights and sirens before stepping on the gas and taking off towards the scene of the accident.
Cas breathlessly answered him, “Yes.”
“For right now.”
Dean placed a gentle, reassuring hand on Cas’s arm, playfully teasing him, “Recognize my voice already?”
“Night, little brother.” Gabe turned back to his laptop to work on his spreadsheets as Cas headed back to the bathroom to shower. He showered as quickly as he could, mostly washing the sweat from his body and black hair. It wasn’t long until Cas fell face first into bed, letting sleep claim him and his exhausted muscles.
“Is this really all the boxes you have?” Mike’s voice was heard from across the kitchen, where Cas was putting the boxes he had moved from the truck. Mike’s laughter was full of amusement, “Dude, half of this shit is for the dog!”
Fifth, was the day they adopted their first and only child. She was a six month old with soft, olive skin, blonde hair, and shining blue eyes. Her name was May and she was the light of their lives. Dean and Cas were protective papas from the moment they held her. Dean gently handed Cas their new daughter, wrapped in a pink blanket. Cas hugged her and softly kissed her chubby cheeks.
Dean smiled because he could definitely do that, “The day my mom, dad, me and Sammy all went to the beach. We got hot dogs and ice cream and some seagull stole Sammy’s hotdog and he was so pissy, it was hilarious. We walked around the rest of the day and did all the normal beach stuff. You know, sand castles, finding sea glass, climbing rocks, getting sunburnt. It was just a perfect day. What’s yours?”
Thankfully, Annie just smiled at the two adults, “Okay!”
Cas wished he could look into Abby’s big brown eyes and tell her goodbye.
Dean doesn’t know how he managed to stutter out his answer, “Of course, I’ll be there as soon as I can.” He quickly hung up and ran past the table. Sloppily pulling on his shoes he heard a voice but couldn’t register who it was, “Dean? Are you okay?”
His shift at the shop passed by in a quick eight hours. Cas let himself get lost in the process of fixing the bike he was working on until he looked at his phone and noticed it was nine o’clock. He wrote a note and put it on Bobby’s desk. It read, ‘Last shift. Direct deposit please.’ After signing it at the bottom, Cas jumped back on his bike and took off towards Perry. A town that was twenty minutes away and home to Mackie’s bar. It was an old, dusty bar with a dirty secret.
“Yes, sir.” When Cas reached forward to grab them, the sharp twinge in his back from his father kicking them last night. He tried to hide it but it’s Dean’s job to notice small things.
Dean was ten steps ahead of the rest of the department with his gun drawn as they ran through the subway. He was the first one to reach the ticket booth but only to find it empty, “…They’re gone.” Dean frantically turned to Bobby, “They’re gone… he’s gone.”
Once they were thoroughly spent, Cas rolled off of Dean and peeled off the condom, completely out of breath. After taking the condom from Cas, Dean shuffled to the bathroom to clean up. When he was done, he tossed Cas a towel to wipe himself off. After they were dry Dean flopped back into bed and chuckled, “Best parent-teacher conference ever.”
Cas bobbed his head, hollowing out his cheek and sucking on Dean, while his tongue teased the underside of his cock. Needing relief of his own, Cas pulled his own painfully hard cock out and quickly started to stroke himself.
Cas quickly took it, “Yes, sir.”
After thinking for a minute, Gabe agreed, “Fine. Only because the guys and I have to go to work and I know you’re going to do it anyway.”
Dean sighed at the steady drip of blood coming from split open knuckles. Without saying a word, Dean soaked a paper towel in cool water before walking up to Cas and taking his bloody right hand in his.
Sure enough around nine o’clock that night, Dean and Charlie were plenty drunk and only getting drunker. Dean slumped on Charlie’s couch, “Hey, hey. Do me a favor? Look up my intern.”
“Wonderful.” Dean handed Cas a large binder full of cornier reports, autopsy results, police reports, and witness statements, “Familiarize yourself with this information.”
“How are you?” Of course, that’s the question Dean decided to ask. Cas wanted to help Dean, he walked to talk about Dean, not himself.
The eruption of applause and cheering was deafening as Charlie made her rounds, hugging everyone. She eventually hugged Cas and Dean and invited them out to dinner with her and her fiancé that night.
AUGUST 18th 1:20 PM
After their short drive from the school, which only happened to be an easy ten minutes through Lawrence's quiet streets, Castiel and Anna pulled up to their older brother Gabe’s house. Even though he was currently overseas in Germany serving in the military, he had agreed to let them stay at his house. It was a small white ranch house but a million times better than the brother and sister living on the street as their parents were still living in Seattle, Washington. After all, they had moved here on their own to get away from their parents.
The nausea hit everybody. Cain raped Cas. He tortured him. Bobby couldn’t be in the same room with him anymore; he left and slammed the door behind him.
“Love, you need to get your shoes on." It was Annie’s first day in her new elementary school in Lawrence and not wanting to be late, she came bouncing into the kitchen where Cas was making her lunch.
(See the end of the chapter for
At this point, Cas wasn’t crying anymore. He had a smile on his face that Dean hadn’t seen before, “My mom and I went to this tiny little hotel in Vermont and we got stuck there during a snow storm and she and I ate ramen and watched Gilmore Girls all week.”
Not caring about seeming too eager but just wanting to get through this with Cas, Dean offered, “Tonight?”
When Cas opened the storm door, Dean could see the tears already pooling in his blue eyes. As Cas stepped to the side, Dean walked in. He was about to make a closed off comment about how he’s not interested in hearing excuses but he didn’t have a chance.
‘Arthur’s?’
He hugged her back before adjusting the cardigan on her shoulders, “Hey, Anna. I was just checking on Cas, he’s sleeping now.”
Rolling his eyes, Sam seemed displeased, “Dude, for the last time I wasn’t the one who stole your Halloween candy! It was mom!”
“You should ask him to sit with us Monday… or ask him now.”
Dean answered him as they walked to an open table, “Good, you?”
Dean was rubbing his lube covered hand over his length when Dean breathlessly whimpered, “Can I ride you?”
Hope is the thing with feathers
Dean felt his stomach lurch and twist horribly in his gut. He needed to see Cas, right now, “Can I please see him?”
Cas’s vision finally went completely black as he passed out; his head roughly smacking against the cold parking lot pavement.
Charlie could barely hold her tongue long enough but as soon as they were in Charlie’s car she turned to him and tried to control her shaking voice, “Dean got shot in the leg. He’s okay but he’s at the hospital.”
It was one week until Dean saw Cas again. At the end of October, Annie was bundled up in her jacket and jeans waiting for Gabe to pick her up but surprisingly, it was Cas who pulled up in from of the school. It was a Tuesday and only Cas’s third day on so he should be at work.
It took Cas a minute to meet Dean’s eyes, “Dean.”
The bright green of Dean’s eyes flickered and faltered for a moment, “Yeah, Cas. You’re dead.”
C: ‘Did you like it?’
“Just thinking, sweetheart. Everything’s okay.” Dean couldn’t help but smile at Cas who was now sitting up in bed and sleepily looked for Dean.
Dean coughed a few times to cover up his shock before texting back in all caps:
Hearing Dean’s shouts of, “Mom?!” and “Cas!!” Coming through the phone pushed Cas to bend over and pick up his cellphone, trying to calm Dean’s panic, “Dean, she’s okay. Just a bit of chest pain. I got her, okay? You can trust me.”
Cas’s head snapped up in shock as he thought about all the things he had done with his past boyfriends and what he and Dean do as his stomach dropped and his face paled. Speaking with a deadly seriousness, “No. You are never allowed to have a boyfriend.”
As soon as her hand made contact with Cas, he harshly shoved her backward. As another nurse tried to help her up, the doctor and another nurse nodded at each other before grabbing wrist restraints.
“I knew you were a bottom!” She turned and yelled to where Jo was behind the counter, “You owe me ten bucks!” Going back to Dean she stopped laughing, “Okay, sorry. So seriously, how was it?”
Through her bite of syrup-covered waffle, she smiled, “Grandma.”
When they walked up the courthouse steps, Cas froze. His breathing quickly increased and his muscles tensed until Dean put a hand on his lower back and kept ushering him towards the daunting steps, “Come on, sweetheart. I got you.”
Dean’s green eyes instantly filled with tears with how awful he felt, “…I’m so sorry. It was an accident, I just… I’m so sorry.”
Scoffing, Dean rolled his eyes and make fun of Cas, “Sure, that’s why you called me.”
When Bobby finally was able to look into Cas’s eyes; the boy looked dead. He looked empty. His once bright eyes were more grey than sapphire, the bruises plaguing his face complimented the dark bags under his eyes. The dried blood easily stood out against his pale skin.
It only took Dean twenty minutes to get to the hospital while he was driving like a madman, pushing the Impala as fast as she could go. By the time he got there, the doctor had already diagnosed his mother with angina; a painful but treatable and manageable heart condition when you do not get enough blood flowing to your heart.
Bobby slapped Dean on his shoulder, the way a father would to an obstinate teenager, “Yeah, well… be motivational now. I’m sticking the intern with you, his name is Castiel Novak.”
Not wanting to make Dean any angrier, Cas just nodded, “Yes, sir.”
Cas thought for only a moment before answering mostly to Dean, “I’m not really feeling that great… mostly just tea?”
Well, that was the last chapter. Thank you all for reading, I hope you enjoyed it. Let me know what you thought? Much love xxx
Instead of leaving to get drunk, Dean leaned against his door. Running a hand over his face, Dean’s heart ached at the sound of Cas’s sobbing.
“She’s a very good student usually. Although, she can get a bit talkative at times. I don’t think her starting a month late should be a problem though.” They talked for a few more minutes about Annie’s strengths and weaknesses before the conversation started to stray.
Cas put down the cup and handed Annie a washcloth and a bar of soap, “Good because you know I’ll rough them up if they’re not.” He put up his hands in a fighting stance, fake fighting somebody.
Cain pulled Cas down the dark, empty hallway with what felt like a gun pressed to Cas’s back, “Walk quietly with your head down.”
When Cas came back out of his room with a t-shirt on, he saw Dean looking at a picture of Cas’s mother, Naomi. She was a pretty woman with kind eyes and a gentle soul, “Is this your mom?”
Dean squirmed out from under him and quickly sat up, “Cas, I’m serious. I’m not in the mood. Can we just talk?”
Maybe Anna was right, maybe Cas really is sweet once you get to know him.
Dean, who was a very light sleeper, was also awake when Cas smiled to himself, “Of course, I’m sorry my love. Get comfortable in bed. Now, close your eyes. It’s bedtime for little girls.”
“Do you think it would be okay if I slept in here? I had a bad dream.” This time, Cas actually opened his eyes and the sight of his little girl in even the smallest amount of pain wasn’t something he was okay with. Not thinking twice, Cas opened his arms and easily swung Annie up into the bed, stuffed bunny and all. She snuggled between her father and Dean, happy to just hold Cas’s hand. It didn’t take long for both Cas and Annie to be back asleep.
Cas reached out to help Charlie carry the stack of books and computer equipment she had in her arms, “Well, you know Dean a lot more than I do and I know you and Jo have been together for a while and I was just wondering… what should I do for Valentine’s Day?”
Seeing Cas’s mostly naked self stretched out and dozing off to the radio next to him in the passenger seat was like a dream come true… until he saw the red and blue lights behind them. Dean groaned and hit the steering wheel, “Oh… son of a bitch!” It didn’t take him long to figure out why there was a cop behind him. Dean looked at the speedometer and saw he was going eighty-five and that definitely was not the speed limit on the two-lane highway.
“Who is your supervisor?”
Cas weakly nodded and once again, let Gabe pull him to his feet. Cas clung to Gabe while keeping one hand on Abby, “Bed?”
Bobby interrupted Dean’s thoughts with a laugh, grabbing one of the burgers, “When are you guys getting married?”
It was a Godsend when they heard Luke yell that the ambulance was there. Without thinking twice, Dean scooped Cas up in his arms and carried him outside and placing him on the stretcher. The EMTs overwhelmed him with questions but he could only shakily answer, “He was sleeping and his service dog woke me up and he was seizing.”
They finished their conversation about their lives so far apart from one another and then hung up to get ready for school in the morning. The next day, Dean passed out a form for each of the kids, “Parent-teacher conferences are coming up so please show this form to your parents or guardians when you get home.”
Dean softly smiled at him, “You look great in a suit but I have to say, I’m partial to your bedhead over it being brushed and neat.” Cas couldn’t help himself from running his fingers through his hair once just to see the bright smile that spread over Dean’s face.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas smirked and downed the last half of his beer before getting up to double check the bike. He tried to sound uninterested and laidback but his heart was thumping so loud in his chest, he was worried he wouldn't be able to hear Dean's answer, “So you’re gay? Or bi, I guess?”
“Let’s go then. I need a break from this goddamn job and it’ll be good for you to get out of here for a little bit.” When Dean saw Cas’s bright smile light up his face, he knew he made the right choice.
He grabbed his keys and started to leave, unable to think through his shock. He had one foot out the door when Bobby roughly grabbed his arm, “Dean! Calm down, what’s going on?”
And that, Annie did. When Cas got home from work that night she gladly handed Cas the information sheet. He smiled at the date because it was one of his days off so he could make it, “Thank you, honey.” Cas definitely looked forward to talking to Dean with no interruptions.
They sat together in silence, both deep in thought until Dean whispered, “She needs help… I should call Ellen and Bobby.” He pulled out his cellphone and rang the Harvelle-Singer’s house, “Ellen? It’s Dean. I’m sorry it’s so late—I’m okay. It’s mom…” He proceeded to quickly tell Ellen the events of that night. She said she would make some calls in the morning and that he would try and get some sleep.
A few minutes later, Abby is pawing at the glass door to get back inside, definitely wanting some bacon. When Cas stood up to let her in, he instantly passed out and hit the ground very hard.
Sam laughs at his brother’s fed-up expression, “Jerk.”
Charlie shrugged and pulled out a water bottle from her army-green messenger bag, “No idea. How did your talk with Leather Jacket go?”
“Do you not remember?” Dean wasn’t upset, he was just worried.
On one hot summer night towards the end of June, they all decided to stay at Dean’s house. Mary cooked a delicious dinner and they all went to bed full and happy after watching some comedy movies together.
Dean rolled his eyes and grouchily got out of the car. He walked up the front door and harshly knocked three times, “Novak! Let’s go!” No answer. Then, Dean tried the doorknob and it was… unlocked? He called out into the seemingly empty house, “Hello?”
Dean jumped at the opportunity to redeem himself, “I’ll come sit with you.” Gently placing a hand on Cas’s sweater covered back, Dean led him over to an empty table, leaving their brothers to talk without them.
Instead of crying, Cas growled back, “No.”
Before Cas could get the apology out, his father’s harsh fist collided with his cheekbone. Cas ended up on the floor from the force of the punch. With unsteady limbs, Cas tried to scramble to his feet but was knocked back onto the cold floor by his father kicking him in the ribs. Cas cringed as he crawled onto his hands and knees, watching his father grab his keys, “Dad, stop. You can’t drive right now.”
Too late. Dean’s face went bright red with embarrassment and hurt, “I just thought—”
It wasn’t long until Cas’s vision started to go dark and blur. He barely heard the owner of the bar tell the other man to get off. He doesn’t remember how he got up or how he got into the parking lot. The next thing Cas noticed was a hand on his shoulder and a familiar voice flooding into his ears, “Cas? What the hell happened to you, boy?”
“Yes, sir.” With Cas’s answer, Dean started the Impala and started to drive home. When they got to Dean’s one-story house, Cas couldn’t help but smile at the comfortable looking couch and plaid blanket, the empty beer bottle on the coffee table, Dean’s socks all over the floor, and a half-full laundry basket on the kitchen table.
Dean was relaxing on his couch and skyping with Sam when he brought up what was really going on in his mind, “Hey, Sammy… could I ask you something?”
Dean froze but then continued wiping down the bar, “Okay, one, it wasn’t a date. Sam and Anna went on a date and we supervised and two, how did you hear this?”
Dean wasted no time speeding the two of them to his close-by home. You could have cut the sexual tension in the Impala with a knife. The trip from the bar to Dean’s front door to his bedroom was a bit of a blur. On the way, they stripped off their jackets and kicked off their shoes, leaving them haphazardly on the floor. When Dean was laying down on his bed, without his dress shirt and tie with his elbows propping him up.
“Yeah, just my back.”
Gabe could hear the sirens in the distance when he answered, “I know, kiddo but we have an ambulance coming, okay?”
Dean has been on the job for ten years and still, seeing dead bodies—especially pregnant woman got to him, “Really? He’s killing pregnant woman now? This guy is really getting on my nerves.”
Running to her bedside, Dean hugged her tight and tried to take a deep breath, “You really scared me, Mom. I love you so much.”
He wasn’t careful tonight; he was distracted and emotional. His form was sloppy and haphazard in how he assaulted the other man. His fists didn’t hit hard, they were simply brushed off. The counter-attack from his opponent was simply too much for Cas.
With every picture Mary showed them, Dean’s cheeks grew redder and redder. Then came the birthday pictures. Mary handed Cas a picture of a young man with short black hair and a huge smile on his face, he was holding a naked baby Dean who was completely covered in cake, “This is my John and Dean on his first birthday.”
Dean hugged Cas again, needing to be closer, “That sounds perfect. I’ll pick you up at six.”
Dean was completely floored, “No fucking way.”
“Yeah, I like working with my hands.” The innuendo slipped out before Dean realized the double meaning.
Cas was terrified that he hurt Dean but when he saw the tears coming from his green eyes, he felt his stomach drop. He gently put a hand on Dean’s cheek and one arm around his shoulders, “Dean? What’s wrong?”
Cas took Dean’s hand and sleepily snuggled his face against his palm, “Don’t feel good, Dean.”
For two weeks, Dean and Cas sat next to each other in the scorching hot courtroom. They had to listen as Cain slandered the other victims as well as Cas but in the end, the jury found Cain guilty on all charges.
C: ‘I want your tongue in me so bad.’
Cas stretched and adjusted his pillow so he was comfortable before mumbling a sleepy, “G’morning.”
The voice that came out of the kid wasn’t what Dean was expecting from looking at him. It was deep, gravely, and filled Dean's spank bank, “Dean Winchester?”
Cas didn’t know if she was upset or not about him riding a bike so he just decided on the truth, “Yes but any time Dean is with me I make sure he wears a helmet and I drive extra carefully.”
Looking back over the clipboard, Dr. Wyatt shook his head thoughtfully, “Well, your blood tests look good as well. However, if you have any other symptoms please come in, it’s better to be safe than sorry. I will also write you a prescription for Zoloft.”
Cas willed his feet to move in quick steps towards his siblings. When he hugged Gabe, he tried to hold back his tears. He couldn’t cry; not now, not in front of Anna.
Anna and Gabe sat on Cas’s left side and Dean sat on the right. While the heart rate monitor was still beeping, Dean leaned forward and kissed Cas’s lips for one more time, “I love you, Cas. Everything will be okay, I’m here.”
After his door was closed, Cas tried one more time to get Dean to stay but the jacket and keys in his hands told Cas all he needed to know.
“Age?”
After a few deep breaths, Cas finally looked back at Dean, “Tell me your happiest memory?”
Sam, noticing Cas’s glasses, white cane, and guide dog immediately put two and two together, realizing Cas was blind, “Hey, it’s nice to meet you. And who is this pretty lady?” Sam almost reached out to pet Abby but reminded himself that you shouldn’t pet a service dog.
Crowley rolled his eyes and sighed, “Your honor, could you please instruct the witness to answer questions with yes or no.”
When they finished at the morgue and were driving back to the station, Dean couldn’t handle the awkward silence anymore, “So… you just graduated college. How was that?”
Dean slammed on the breaks, “It’s freezing out, you’re going to get sick. We don’t have to talk just… please, Cas.”
When Cas was satisfied, he brought his fingers down to Dean’s tight hole. He slowly rubbed his wet index finger around the tight ring of muscle before pushing it all the way into Dean.
That Friday, Cas’s second day off, was the day of the conferences. A bit later than he wanted, Cas knocked on Dean’s classroom door, sticking his head in, “Hey, teacher.”
Dean cringed, trying not to seem to hurt by the other boy's cold words that still rang in his head, “We need to start calling him Sir Douche Bag.”
Cas very lightly grazed his teeth along Dean’s cock, “Good boy… such a good boy. You like getting finger fucked? You’re such a good little slut for me. I want to see you cum all over yourself.” Cas wrapped a strong, spit-soaked hand around Dean as his fingers pushed hard against his prostate.
Back at the station, Cas and Dean met up with Charlie in her office. Thankfully, she looked like she had good news, “Alright you two, come here and look at this. This…right here—.” Pointing at her screen she gestured at a clearly very pregnant woman walking southbound on the purple line platform, “—that’s the deceased and this… is our new suspect.” She pointed to a tall looking man walking towards the woman on the crowded platform, “Dark hood, purposely avoids cameras, can’t see his face. They cross paths and five seconds later… gone.”
“Goodnight, Dean.”
Dean slowly moved his hands up to cup Cas’s face and gently pulled him close, softly kissing him. Cas sighed and leaned into the touch, jumping at the opportunity to touch Dean everywhere he could; his strong arms and back, his defined jawline, and running his hands through Dean’s short sandy-blonde hair. Touching Dean helped Cas imagine what he looked like and needless to say, he was not disappointed. With Dean’s hands securely around his waist, Cas let himself focus on the comforting touch.
Alfie went back to his room to finish the paperwork he was working on while Dean wondered into the living room where Cas was peacefully sleeping on the couch, covered with a light blanket. Dean sat on the floor by his head, next to Abby who was vigilant by Cas’s side. Dean ran a hand through Cas’s bed hair and whispered, “Hey, Cas. Are you okay?”
Dean was leaning against the bakery case, chatting with his little brother. Only, when he heard Cas’s name, Dean immediately straightened up to get a better look at the guy Sam had told him about and holy shit, Cas was gorgeous. His dark, almost black, brown hair is what Dean would describe as artfully-styled-bedhead, his body was slim but muscular and his skin was still tan from the long, hot Kansas summer.
After filling out all the necessary paperwork, Dean, Cas, Charlie, Kevin, and Bobby all piled into an unmarked black van and parked in front of the subway station. His superiors quickly briefed Cas and fitted him with a wire and an earpiece.
She beamed up at him and held out a small white flower crown made out of Marigolds and Primroses, "I got bored after my homework was done so I made this for you." Cas gladly took it and placed it on his messy head of hair. He wore it for the rest of the night.
Two hours later, Cas got a phone call from Dean which he quickly answered, “Baby? Are you alright?”
His daughter’s happy face snapped him out of his thoughts, “Could we go get lunch?” Annie leaned in and whispered to Cas like she was telling a huge secret, “The food here sucks.”
Cas took his eyes off the pages and held the cover up for Dean, “Great Expectations by Charles Dickens. Have you ever read it?”
A kind, brunette nurse tried to speak calmly and out a reassuring hand on Cas’s shoulder, “We aren’t going to hurt you but you need to lay back.”
The judge thought for a moment before answering, “Prove relevance in two questions or move on.”
Gabe squeezed her small body close, “How about we go get ice cream and not tell daddy?” Gabe was always sneaking Annie treats and desert, no matter how much Cas begged him not to before she’s had dinner.
Dean balked for a moment before carefully putting a hand on Cas’s shoulder and leading him back into the house, “I heard, man. I’m really sorry.”
Dean had to use every ounce of self-control not to pounce on Cas and his fucking gorgeous body, “Baby… as tempting as that is, I don’t think it’s safe.”
That’s when it started to register with everyone what just happened, Anna was assaulted. Alastair and Zach sexually harassed her... they assaulted her. This isn’t a small bullying situation anymore; this is now a criminal issue. The police gladly detained Alastair and Zach after bringing them to the hospital.
When Benny wrapped a hand around Dean’s length, Dean moaned, “Cas… please.”
Dean tried to wake Cas up “Hey, whoa. Cas, you’re okay.” but he was too far gone for that. Stupidly, Dean reached out to Cas’s arm.
“We’re a hot mess.” Neither of them could deny the humor in that.
D: ‘Oh yeah?’
Dean turned around and started kissing Cas, his cock twitching with interest. When Cas dropped to his knees and tugged Dean’s jeans and boxers off, the first words out of Dean’s mouth were, “You don’t have to.”
That night around midnight, Dean woke up and shuffled to the kitchen to get a bottle of water. He tried to be quiet with his oversized pajamas muffling his steps but when he saw that Cas was still awake, he gave up on that plan, “Hey, it’s late… try to get some rest.”
Bobby’s voice cut him off, “By the way, what the hell happened with you and Dean? Kid’s a mess.”
Dean ended up staying with his mother and eating dinner until eight-thirty. Before he left, Dean asked again,  “You call me if you need anything, okay? I mean it, mom. I can take time off of work and stay here.”
He parked his motorcycle next to the Impala as usual but when he and Anna walked up to their friends they noticed a few things. One, this was the first day since they knew Anna that she wasn’t wearing a flower crown. Two, Cas’s usually flawless face was covered in purple and yellow bruises and a still-bloody cut, his knuckles were in a similar, if not worse state. Anna clung to his hand, refusing to let go.
The cabin was old and hanging on by the studs. The wood was rickety and completely falling apart, the furniture inside was old and honestly, a little disgusting. Cas saw Dean’s revolted face and he couldn’t help but chuckle before pushing him up against the wall, “Don’t worry, I don’t intend to put you on that couch.” Cas kept his promise by leading Dean to the somewhat clean kitchen table and bending him over it.
After a few minutes, Cas managed to even out his breathing. He let go of Dean’s jacket and placed one of the softest touches Dean’s ever felt on his cheek, “Sorry… I’m sorry. I—did I hurt you?”
Dean was about to ask if Cas was sure he wanted to finish this but Bobby beat him to it, “You sure you’re okay out there?”
Cas couldn’t help but chuckle at Dean’s question. He had missed him so much, “Pretty much. That’s why I have the bruises and bloody knuckles.”
After a few more minutes of kissing, Dean pulled away again and laid his head on the pillow, “If we are seriously going to do this I need two things from you; one, stop drinking. I can’t see you go down the same road as my mom. Two, you have to let me in.”
Back at the hospital, Dean could barely hold onto Abby long enough to get to Cas’s room. As soon as they were in the room, Dean dropped her leash and she leaped up onto the bed, laying on Cas’s legs where he desperately clung onto her and whispered, “Thank you, thank you. Thank you, Dean.”
An unreadable look crossed Bobby’s face, “Head home early, Novak. Someday when your parents are home, stay for dinner.”
Back in his room, Cas picked up Dean’s clothes from the floor and rummaged through his drawers to find a clean pair of boxers; handing them to Dean, he spoke quietly, “I’ll be right back, go ahead and get comfortable.”
Dean placed the chicken he had in the fridge into a pan and let it sizzle, “That’s funny I actually met a guy. His name is Cas and he’s an EMT.”
Kneading Dean’s firm ass, Cas leaned forward to place a long, wet, obscene, dirty lick across his asshole. Dean threw his head back and loudly moaned out Cas’s name; his hard cock was uncomfortably pressing against the table, “Cas! Fuck… please, fuck me.”
They put their clothes back on in silence and Benny walked Dean out. As they stood by the front door, Benny hugged him again but in a consoling way instead of a romantic one, “Dean? When you get to a better place, give me a call, okay?”
D: ‘No! Sorry, that came out wrong. Just wanted to chat about something.’
Trying to sound as confident as possible, Cas started talking, “Hi, Mary. It’s Cas.”
It was a sunny Friday in the middle of May. Annie is now nine and in the third grade but she was still the same sweet girl she always was. Dean is officially daddy number two and Cas couldn’t be happier having his boyfriend, daughter, and brother all happy under the same roof. On school days, Dean brought Annie to school while Cas was still working as an EMT in Topeka.
The last thing Dean remembered was seeing the barrel of a handgun, excruciating pain shooting from his leg, and then darkness.
Very slowly, Dean started to rock in and out of Cas. Lovingly kissing him, Dean whispered, “You’re so perfect… so good for me, aren’t you?”
During Cas’s first day back, Charlie was questioning Dean as the two walked into school together, “So, are things going to be awkward between you and Cas today?”
Cas clearly seemed embarrassed, “Thank you, Dean. I used to be much more confident on my own but neither Abby nor I are used to Lawrence yet.”
After eating, Annie asked Cas to take her to the park. Figuring the weather was going to turn too cold soon, he agreed. Even if it was too cold, there was no way he could say no to those big blue eyes.
Everyone in the squad room had the same reaction of, “Ooooh! Somebody’s in trouble!”
“Alright, listen up. This guy has killed seven people in the last 3 weeks. Different ages, ethnicities, jobs, financial statuses, religions. All the bodies have been found in different locations. All with their throats slit and the same mark drawn on their left arms. There is no other connection… find one. Now, get the hell out of my face.” Detective Dean Winchester barked out his orders to the lower level detectives and cops in his jurisdiction before sulking off back to his office.
The light flurries had started as the cold gusts of wind bit at Cas’s split, bruised knuckles as he rode to the bar. He hated the pit; it was cramped and dark. The ring smelt of dried blood and sweat. The room was damp and musty. It was the last place Cas wanted to be. He would have much rather ride home and have Anna and Dean waiting for him; he would wrap each of them in a hug. After a hot, relaxing shower, Cas would lay in bed with Dean and finally finish that book; they would be warm and safe.
Again, they came up empty-handed by midnight so they decided to pack it in for the night. The next day, the team was back in position when Cas made eye contact with the closest camera after strolling by one of the vacant, old ticket booths.
They do fuck a few more times and quickly discover what makes the other one tick. Dean loves when Cas grabs onto his back or his arms, he loves those beautiful whimpers Cas makes, and he loves flipping Cas over onto his hands and knees and really fucking into him.
Dean nervously fidgeted, “He um… had a temper. This isn’t really a good after-sex topic.” After a second of silence, Dean added, “But really, you give that girl everything, I can tell. You don’t have to feel bad about enjoying yourself for one night.” Putting extra emphasis on the words enjoying himself.
Dean tried to take all of Cas into his mouth but ended up having to pull away because of the gag that ripped through his body.
Standing up a little straighter, Dean steeled himself, “Let me help him.”
After they pulled away, Dean regretfully said, “I should go… school is in the morning.” They got up and Dean followed Cas to the front door, hugging him again, just enjoying being close again, “I’m really glad we worked this out.”
Cas finally got out of bed with shaky legs and walked to the bathroom to shower. After stripping off his shirt, the bandages were the next to go. The happiness he felt a few minutes ago quickly faded at the memories of the knife, the pain, the debilitating fear. He showered as quickly as he could so he could get his clothes back on.
Dean could barely take his worry and curiosity anymore, “What happened to him, anyway?”
Carefully following instructions, Cas stepped onto the ten o’clock purple line, heading back toward the platform where he saw the suspect. His heart was thumping in his chest with every step he took. He made his way through the still-crowded subway, keeping his eyes open for any suspicious activity. Until it happened…
“Twenty-five.” Even though Cas couldn’t see Dean’s smile, it changed his voice in a way that was obvious. The change in sound, made Cas smile back,  “How old are you?”
“I’m well. I’m actually calling to let you know that Dean and Charlie were in a car accident today. They’re both doing just fine and are at Stormont Vail. I assure you, they’re both doing well and have no major injuries. He did ask for you to stay home and he will update you when he can.”
“Hey, everything okay?”
As the bird and Dean stared at each other, a poem crossed Dean’s mind.
Moments later, the principal, assistant principal and security guard ran over to where they were kneeling together. The principal was absolutely irate and shocked at the violent scene in front of him, “What the hell is going on?!”
Two weeks later, Dean and Cas had their marriage license and certificate framed over their bed, their puppy curled up between them as they sat on the couch and cleaned their guns together, talking about their cases.
Finishing his mouthful of chicken lo mien, Cas shrugged, “I want to join the academy and try to find my own place… you know if you didn’t want me to stay…”
“Fuck, Cas. Oh my god, that feels so good.” Dean moaned and pushed his ass back further.
The artist's smirk drove Dean berserk, “Don’t know, can’t give out client info.”
Cas decided to have both Dean and Charlie stay at his house for the night to keep an eye on them. Once they got back at Lawrence, Annie came bouncing up to the front door to unlock it after seeing Cas’s car pull up in the driveway. She seemed elated to see Charlie again, “Hi, Charlie!”
The first time Cas felt the blade puncture his skin, the pain was overwhelming. It overrode the stink of the factory’s first floor, the feeling of the damp floor and drip of the pipes, the sound of the cars so close but endlessly far away.
Cas ignored Dean’s joking and put a C-collar on his boyfriend’s neck, trying to avoid any further damage. Trying to hold it together, Cas yelled, “Alfie! Bring the spine board and stretcher over here!”
D: ‘I’ll save some dinner for you. See you later, be safe. Love you.’
Bobby grumped, looking up from his bowl of chili, “The hellion that lives with the other three crazies? Yes.”
In the morning, Dean’s temperature was 102.5. His vomiting started all over again while Cas held him and over the next two days, forced Dean to eat some crackers and toast and drink water.
Cas’s voice didn’t hesitate but the fear in his eyes contradicted him, “Yes, sir.”
Dean woke Cas up like he was trying to wake the dead, roughly shaking his shoulder, “Come on, time for bed. Wake up.”
“Sure.” One beer turned into two which turned into three. They both had five beers by the time they left the diner. Needless to say, they were both fairly buzzed so after Dean insisted on paying the bill, he offered to walk Cas home.
Dean could already smell the warm salt coming from the crashing waves, he could feel the sun on his skin as he and Cas watch Annie play in the sand, “We are just going to have to change that.”
Cas tightened his grip on Dean’s strong hand until his knuckles were white. Still, he took a deep breath and answered Jody’s question;
As soon as Cas saw Anna’s puppy-dog eyes he knew he was in for it, “Alright, what are you going to ask for?” He knew the look by heart, "Cassie, could I have lasagna for dinner?" "Can we go look for flowers?" "Can we go to the thrift store for fabric?" "I need more pins."; He never could tell her no.
Once they were inside the nice apartment, both Dean and Benny were on the same page. Benny’s warm hands on Dean’s hips were welcomed and not unfamiliar.
“Yeah, he just pisses me off.” Dean tried to shake off the terrible feeling coursing through him.
Cas seemed to share Dean’s eagerness, Sounds good to me. I’ll be home around 9.”
Cas is kidnapped and taken to a factory by Cain where he is told to beg for his life. When Cas refuses, Cain tortures and rapes him until he does beg for his life. Dean and the rest of the team find him and Dean goes with him to the hospital
Dean didn’t want to hear Cas out. He didn’t want to see those big blue eyes tell him that he’s sorry but he heard himself say, “Fine. Your house?”
Groaning, Dean threw his head back, “Definitely. My plan is simple: avoid him.”
However, today was the day that Anna was moving back to Seattle to live with Amara. Before she left for the airport she stopped at Dean’s house holding a cardboard box, “This is some of Cas’s stuff. I know he would have wanted you to have them.”
Cas flipped him off and smirked before driving away.
Anna didn’t look embarrassed instead, she giggled and leaned towards Dean’s ear and whispered, “Just a secret between us? When I make a flower crown for him, he wears it around the house and you know what? I think he kind of likes it.”
Cas ran his hand over the shirt, “I like it, it’s soft… wait, is this flannel?”
Not thinking straight from the pain medication, Dean thought nothing of it, “He’s fine, Sammy.” It wasn’t until five minutes later when Dean sat straight up with a horrified look on his face, “Oh my god. I’m horrible… fuck! I need to go see him.”
Cas wasted no time spraying the scrape with antiseptic spray, applying some antibacterial ointment, and wrapping it in a clean bandage. He gently kissed it and smiled at Annie who was snuggled in Dean’s lap, “Good as new.”
Dean cut him off because he was so painfully awkward, “Sam, it’s okay. What were you saying?”
The two youngers in the backseat were very awkward. Somehow labeling this a ‘date’ changed how Sam and Anna interacted. Dean and Cas had to stifle their laughter at the uncomfortable silence that filled the car and it was almost impossible to do so by the time they arrived at the theater.
Which seemed good enough for the doctor, “Very good. I’ll let you rest for now.”
JULY 19th 5:03 PM
Cas cut him off before he could finish, “No. Whatever you were thinking… no. We aren’t dating.”
Cas gave him a once over, his eyes catching on the bulge growing in Dean’s pants, “Oh… you’re very okay.”
“DEAN WINCHESTER, I OUGHT TO BEAT YOU UPSIDE THE HEAD!”
Cas growled and nipped hard at the side of Dean’s sweat-covered neck. When Dean came hard across his and Cas’s stomach, he clamped down hard on Cas’s throbbing cock; moaning out Cas’s name.
Dean hit his knees and sobbed against Gabe’s shoulder, “I love you, wake up… don’t leave me, Cas. You can’t just leave me... I love you.”
Once she was out of the way, training took over. First, assess the situation; no needles, no blood, no seizing, no weapons. Second, check the airway; no obstruction. Third, check breathing; not breathing. Fourth, check pulse; no pulse. Probable cause… cardiac arrest.
When they let go of each other, Mary hugged Sam then Jess while John, a tall man with dark brown hair that was starting to turn gray followed. When they were done, Dean gestured to Cas and smiled, “Mom, dad, this is Cas and his dog, Abby.”
Cas seemed like he was searching through his mind for any idea of what Dean was talking about, “No, I think I do.” Cas’s eyes seemed to get teary as he reached out for Dean, “Please stay.”
Dean pulled his fingers away and slicked himself up before using one hand to hold Cas’s hips up and the other to slide into him.
Chuckling at his flustered boyfriend, Cas helped him put on his car coat over his suit. They walked outside and decided at the last minute to drive the Impala instead of Cas’s bike due to the increasingly icy temperatures.
Breathlessly, Cas moaned back, “Yes… feel so good.”
After the first day, Cas’s recovery went smoothly. He was in the hospital for five days before being sent home where Dean and Gabe still didn’t leave his side and of course, neither did Abby.
“I guess so.”
The next day was a rainy Sunday and Cas’s fourth day off. With no word from Dean, Cas started to cook a breakfast of scrambled eggs and bacon when Gabe shuffled into the kitchen, his long hair flopped in his eyes, “Dude, what the hell was the yelling about last night?”
Cas tried to look fearless and brave but his hands wouldn’t stop shaking so Dean put a warm hand on his hoodie-covered sweatshirt, “You got this, Novak.”
Mrs. Beth pulled a bitch face and scoffed before turning back towards the board and started to teach.
Luckily, in his panic, Cas isn’t far away. Dean, Jo, and he were searching one side of the school for Anna and Charlie and Sam were on the other.
“I still remember the day we found her.” Alfie shuttered at the memory of finding the sweet two-month-old in her horrible situation. Cas was only twenty- three when he became a single father.
Instead of answering Cas’s question, Dean asked one of his own, “Does your father hit you?” Maybe not the smoothest way to bring it up but Dean was never one for subtlety.
When Dean stepped out of the bathroom, a huge grin spread over his face; Cas was laid out on top of the motel bed’s tan comforter in his boxers with a joint hanging out of his mouth and a black lighter being spun in his slender fingers, “You’re so pretty.”
Every day for a week, Cas ventured into the subway and walked around, with direction from Charlie and Dean. Kevin and Charlie carefully kept the security cameras trained on Cas as he strolled through the many stops of the Purple Line.
Cas mumbled into his pillow and let his eyes close. Dean smiled to himself and went back to reading his paper. Only looking up again when Cas started crying twenty minutes later. Dean dropped the newspaper and walked over to the bed, sitting on the edge of it he gently rubbed Cas’s shoulder, “Hey, what’s going on?”
My knowledge of court is from taking one semester of mock trial in high school and watching SVU... sorry if it's not realistic! :)
D: ‘Be safe, crazy.’
Dean doesn’t ask questions, he just drove. He secretly missed being this close to Cas, even in the uncomfortable silence.
Dean hummed against Cas’s lips and quickly nodded his head, bumping his nose against Cas’s, “Of course I did.”
Walking into their old one-story, white house, Cas yelled as usual, “Dad? Are you okay?”
Sam could see Cas’s eyes go dark; they took on a murderous glare, aimed at the threat that hurt his baby sister.
And just like the night before, Dean and Cas got comfortable in Dean’s bed but tonight, they laid facing each other when Dean said, “You know, this job has taken a lot out of me. I’m a grumpy asshole, I drink more than I should, I have more nightmares than I’d like to admit, and I take out my frustration on other people.”
Dean could barely nod in response. Cas rolled off the bed again but this time, he walked into the living room where Anna and Sam were asleep on separate ends of the couch. He was glad they were asleep as he didn’t expect Dean to be so loud but Cas was certainly glad he was.
Instantly knowing her son, Mary shook her head against the crisp white pillowcase, “Dean Winchester, I did not raise a liar.”
Now that Dean was closer to Cas he could easily see the dark bags under Cas’s otherwise bright blue eyes. Cas ran a stressed hand over his face, “Rough call.”
Cas slowly woke up with a pained look on his face, “Dea—Yes, sir. I’m okay. What are you doing here?”
“Bobby asked me to pick up lunch, he said his usual.”
She looked up at him with a knowing look, “He left… what did you tell him about calling you?”
Cas hadn’t moved. Everything just seemed to be moving too fast. His mother died, suddenly he was back in the place he hated, now he was seeing his brother and aunt that he hadn’t seen in almost a year.
Throughout the day, neither Dean or Cas commented on what was said that night at Cas’s house; in fact, they barely talked. That was until Cas couldn’t find Anna after school.
When Dean said, “No?!” Cas ran into their bedroom with an equally panicked expression as they started to tear apart every room in the house for the small black box. A half-hour later, Cas sapped his head up and ran towards the front door. A few seconds later he yelled, “I found them! We left them by the front door so we didn’t forget them!”
Dean was still bracing himself against the small table when Cas stood up to kiss him, “So… that was okay?”
When Cas sat up, Dean sat on the couch where Cas’s head just was, letting him rest his head on Dean’s legs. Dean took the opportunity to bury a hand in Cas’s soft hair, gently massaging his head.
After the funeral, Cas needed to get out for a little bit, he was desperate for some time alone with his thoughts. He quickly changed out of his suit and into jeans and a flannel. Cas decided to go for a walk to try and clear his head.
Managing to chuckle and relax a bit more, Cas smiled, “I’m glad you’re okay. How’s Charlie?”
Dean carefully swung his left leg over the back of the bike and held onto the black leather seat, trying to talk himself into believing he wasn't about to die.
Sam gave Dean a funny look, “You let him see your glasses? You hate those things.”
“Don’t you dare tell me to leave.” Dean clawed at Cas’s back, trying to take off his shirt and get at his warm skin.
Dean smirked and kissed down Cas’s neck before licking over one of his nipples. When Cas’s breathy moan filled the silence, Dean sucked harder at his hardening nipple before hooking his thumbs into the waistband of Cas’s pajama pants, “Still okay?”
Cas pulled her into a hug and gently patted her back, “Thanks, Charlie. I’m sorry about your mom.”
When Cas was out of the shower, he got dressed in the clothes Dean had found for him. They were still a little big, which made Dean chuckle and tuck the shirt tighter into Cas’s pants, “These things fit me when I was a senior in high school. Seriously, stick around with me long enough and I promise these won’t fit you anymore.”
Surprisingly, Cas actually laughed and that beautiful sound made Dean’s heart cramp. Even more shocking than his laugh were the words that came out of his mouth, “Thanks, you should see my back.”
Cas chuckled and helped Charlie carry the computer parts into the tech lab, “Well, thank you, Charlie. You’ve certainly given me a lot to think about.”
Dean tried to will his body to move as he grabbed his phone from the nightstand and dialed 911. His panicked sentence was cut off by his voice breaking, “My boyfriend is having a seizure. Twenty-five Lacy Avenue, Lawrence. No, no! I don’t—just, please.”
Dean looked genuinely confused at the sudden change of tone, “What? Dude, no!”
Dean moved so he was sitting on the bed, pulling Cas onto his lap. On their own accord, his hands moved to Cas’s ass and pulled him close, a weak moan escaping both of them. The fun screeched to a halt when Sam opened the door, “Hey! We are going to—ah! Sorry!” Cas jumped off Dean when he heard the door open but Sam already had his eyes covered, “The door… was unlocked and—"
Cas stepped out of his car in jeans and a sweatshirt, instead of his uniform. Quickly walking over to Annie, he fell onto his knees on the cold sidewalk and wrapped his arms around her.
“Look at her steps. Left, right, left, right, then she looks at the small space behind the booth where it’s dark, right, left, right, left. She hesitated.”
Cas was getting out of the shower when Dean stepped into the bathroom. Cas had a towel loosely wrapped around his hips when Dean tried to sneak up behind him but of course, that didn’t work, “I can hear you. You’re not quiet.”
As they drove down the two-lane highway, Cas gazed at Dean with loving eyes, “You’re so pretty.”
The female judge glanced at Cas then back to Crowley, “The witness will answer with yes or no.”
Gabe quickly walked to the front door and opened it, greeted with worried green eyes and a fidgeting teen, “Can I help you?”
He couldn’t think.
However, today was not a tumor day. Today was the day the tests came back clear. Nothing on his C.T scans or M.R.Is. However, Dr. Wyatt insisted on continuing to ask him questions, “So, Castiel, you’ve had dizziness and nausea. Any other symptoms?”
She seemed to know exactly what Dean was saying as she picked up her head and started quickly wagging her tail. Dean brought out his baby voice, which he would deny ever using, “Yeah, come on. Let’s go see how Cas is doing.”
Gabe shook his head, asking the same question, “He’s not a bad person, he’s just angry.”
Little did they know, Alastair had Anna pressed against the back wall of the school, “You haven’t been around Anna. I haven’t had a chance to introduce you to my friends; this is Crowley and Zach… they’re real nice.”
Cas groaned above the freckled boy; feeling Dean’s warm, wet mouth wrapped tightly around his cock felt like heaven.
After dropping his bag in the laundry room, Dean shuffled up to his room completely exhausted from the long day of finally moving out of college. His small bedroom looked the same as it did five years ago.
Cas pulled an almost offended face and Dean knew why; the binding was falling apart and the pages were worn, it was obvious he had read it many times. He moved closer to Dean and held the pages open so Dean could read with him.
Neither he or Dean could hold back their laughter. Once their giggles subsided, Cas asked Dean, “What are you up to? Just prowling around looking for blind guys?”
“Sure. Thanks, man.” After Alfie walked away, Dean gently shook Cas to wake him up so he could get some food in his belly.
When they got their food and started to eat Dean and Cas started to talk to Annie about school. Dean was the first one to mention it, “So, Annie, your dad told me that Rebecca wasn’t being too nice to you. Want to tell me about that?”
Dean gently rubbed his arm, “It’s okay, it’s just us.”
Charlie was the next one to ask a question, “Are you hungry? Kev’s making a sandwich run?”
Unfortunately, the remaining two weeks of his suspension came and went and both Cas and Dean were still regretful and lonely but neither knew where to start. There was too much left unsaid and at the same time, too many words exchanged.
Sam didn’t seem too surprised by that, “Oh. Well, that’s  a really nice thing for you to do.” Sam knew despite Dean’s seemingly hostile attitude, his older brother had a big heart; he just chose to hide it.
Cas did stop scratching for a minute but after another minute of silence, he grabbed the I.V tube and tore it out of his arm.
“Will everyone stop bringing that up?” Dean angrily ate a large bite of his cherry pie and looked grumpily out the window, “This wasn’t like that. He called me at the ass crack of dawn and was in the subway with some guy following him. I think he thought it was the guy we’re looking for.”
Quickly withdrawing his hands from Cas and pulling their boxers back on, Dean tried to hug Cas who was now sitting up next to him. To his dismay, Cas pulled away from him and curled up, “Please don’t touch me.”
Gabe was instantly in big brother mode which was only intensified when Abby stood up and started to whine, “Yeah, are you okay?”
Cas couldn’t say no to Dean’s shining green eyes, “…I like to do yoga…”
“I couldn’t ask you to do that.” Cas didn’t want to be a burden. He didn’t need people ’s charity, he could do this alone.
When they were seated in Dean’s car, Dean ran a stressed hand over his face, “Alright… we’re never going to catch him this way.”
This chapter includes mentions of sexual assault/harassment and bullying.
Innocent little Cas reached into the backpack he had on the floor between his feet and pulled out a bag of weed, “That could have gone worse.”
Everyone agreed on junking what was left of Cas’s bike. Cas would have been pissed but he wasn’t here to make the decision.
Dean was caught off guard by that, “What?”
C: ‘Want to ride you.’
AUGUST 25th 9:34 AM
Dean flopped down in a folding chair and offered Cas one of the two cold beers he had in his hand, “Bike looks good, man. Want one?”
Dean wept into his mother’s long, blonde hair; as much as she had hurt him, Mary was his mother and Dean loved her. He missed the rare minutes when she would be sober and return back to the Mary she used to be before John’s death.
As kids kept coming in, Annie bounced back over to Cas, hanging onto his leg and hugging it, “Bye-bye, daddy! Be safe!”
Remembering that they aren’t alone and Dean did get shot earlier that day, Sam took a moment to compose himself, “Why didn’t you tell your parents about the guy you’ve been living with and dating for eight months?”
Compressions are number one so Cas started right away with deep, effective compressions trying to circulate enough blood to the man’s brain to avoid any damage.
Cas gently grabbed onto Dean’s elbow, just trying to slow him down, “Dean—.”
Cas took a step forward to shake Sam’s hand, “It’s nice to meet you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
C: ‘Anything for you.’
On a day when neither Dean or Cas had work, Dean drove them out to a quiet field. Anna and Sam were at Ellen’s studying for their English midterm so the boyfriends could take their time together. Even in the dead of winter, Dean and Cas found their ways to keep warm in the back seat of the Impala.
Captain Robert Singer came into Dean’s office without knocking, he was the only one who dared to do that, “Real motivational speech there, Winchester.”
Before Cas could get the rest of his sentence out, Dean jumped off the bed and angrily started to pull his jeans on. He snarled, “You don’t need to know because it’s none of your fucking business. We aren’t anything.”
D: ‘Oh yeah? What did you have in mind?’
She beamed up at his green eyes, “Yes sir! Daddy said saying sir is very important for good manners and respect!”
Sam easily said no but Dean took a long drink of water before answering, “Yeah… his name is Cas.”
Dean couldn’t help but be impressed, “Kid’s fucking smart.”
“Oh.” Another drink.
“I’m a mechanic and I play a little guitar.” Dean’s smile sounded different when he answered, he sounded shy and a little embarrassed so he quickly tried to change the subject, “What about you?”
Cas grit his teeth and walked faster; resisting the urge to kill Alastair with everything he had. If Cas gets suspended again, he will get expelled; Alastair knew this as he continued to taunt Cas, “I heard that you’re a queer. Not only that but you’re a fag with Dean Winchester.”
