Chamuel brushed his fingers through the others hair, attempting to push it down more. He could see the untamable cowlick attempting to push itself outward,
Lucifer tilted his head to the side until a sickening crack broke the air around them, “Are you...calling me a liar, Ancitif?” he hissed. Ancitif coward away from the others gaze, as if he would implode from the look alone.
Chamuel clicked off his Facebook, leaning into the headboard of the bed. The silence surrounding him was unnerving, the sound of the hunter groaning and fidgeting in his sleep being the only noise in the small room. Chamuel got off the bed, checking on Abel he raced his fingers through the man's hair. Inspecting a large bump that had settled on his forehead, Cham fingers tracing it causing the bump to slowly fade away.
"No one says goodbye anymore," He scoffed, finishing his wine and placing the glass on his desk. The glass swirled and the image vanished, leaving the streets below to be his entertainment yet again.
"Abe, this'll be live," Donnie said, "Any mistakes will be solidified forever, you sure you know what you're doing?"
"Would you like to call our supervisor?" Chamuel asked, pulling out a small business card from his pocket. Holding it out to the woman with a smile, she looked at them suspiciously before snatching the small white paper.
Baal waited anxiously outside of the church, Sam had to stop to collect a few holy "weapons" and the demon didn't exactly feel comfortable around anything holy. His eyes traced the large building, with it's crosses standing out against the cloudy skies above. Stained glass cast it's beautiful lights to the concrete below, the demon shifted uncomfortably on the motorcycle as he waited. Sam had been inside for a good hour now, which worried the man. What if his friend needed help? No, he's in a church. He's safe. Baal continued to repeat this to himself, pulling out his phone to distract himself.
Everyone turned their head to Israfil who shuffled uncomfortably, "I...was the original owner of the Chamulet," He murmured.
She nodded with a smile, "well Princess," he started, drawing a round cat causing Bailey to chuckle, taking the chalk from him and adding whiskers to it.
"Oh! That's neat," Danjal chuckled as Fran rolled his finger the opposite way and allowed his necklace to drop to Danjal's chest.
She shrugged at this, "We might be working together but my main mission is to get that idiot Cain to the top."
Bailey smiled, rolling her eyes at the other before making a few motions with her hands. The woman watched the hand movements, narrowing her gaze at the other playfully.
"No, he'll hurt you!" Danjal said with a touch of anger in his tone, causing Robin to freeze. The bull groaned, having stopped its rampage as it attempted to figure out its next move.
Her skull shattered like glass against the sharp end of the wooden table, blood and brain matter caked the floor in a lake.
"There are hunters all over the world right now in hiding. They, we've, been hiding forever keeping everyone safe. But now, as a fellow hunter, I'm telling you all to rise up. make a twitter, facebook, whatever and start fighting. We need to protect those who can't protect themselves."
"I can't wait to kill you," He laughed, turning attention to his lackeys with a grin. "Pull the arrows out of your stupid bodies and let's kill Danjal," He ordered.
Pulling his knees to his chest he let his head rest on them, feeling warm tears run down his cheeks as the stress of the situation bore down on him. He could hardly protect Abel earlier, in fact, without the hunter Chamuel might not have even made it. He glanced up at the sky as stars twinkled into existence
"It's either help the Winchesters, or sit on our asses and die with the rest of the world," Danjal snorted.
"How did you do that?" She asked as they made their way towards the steps, staying close to one another as they went.
"You threw up on my bed," Chamuel groaned, sitting up before it all seemed to sink back to him. Abel turned the phone on and gasped, they had nearly a hundred missed calls. Texts covered his screen. At first it was from Iggy, then it was from Marshall, then it suddenly stopped. The last text reading,
Chamuel nodded slowly, not replying as they continued to drive. Abel pulled his phone out, scrolling through it for a few seconds before turning on Chamuel's favorite podcast. Glancing out the window as they zoomed down the highway.
The sudden hit of ice cold sent his system into shock rendering his arms and legs useless, he fought for a few seconds. His lungs filling with water causing his throat to burn, he couldn't see anything but the light above him. For a heartbeat, he was sure it was over and for whatever reason he was okay with that. A sudden sense of relief washed over his being, all responsibility flowed from him as his eyes shut against the cold icy waters.
"Do you like games?" Fran asked, the question caught the Hawaiian off guard. He'd expected a new wisdom to fall from the others lips, some sort of message.
Both teens stared at the door, eyes wide as if they expected someone to burst into the room at any moment but everything remained still.
"Uh, well," He started, rubbing the back of his neck as if he were about to tell an embarrassing story.
He could hear the bang of Bailey's gun as he landed on the sigil, his shoes squeaked in the sticky sludge under his foot. He went down to the ground, his fingertips hit the floor and the flood of power erupted through his body. He heard a few people gasp as orange electricity sparked in the glowing bright lines of the sigil.
The pair pushed from a few small bushes to show a large clearing beside the winding river, long, thick grass stood tall and in the center was a large oak tree with dark burns in it's center.
"Well, I guess that settles it, you're really part of this, a demon with an Adinkra!" he chuckled, shaking his head, "I didn't think I'd ever see such a thing. But than again, you've always surprised me,"
"If we could just get a clue," Chamuel said as they stepped into the cold air. The seasons were getting colder, Abel's breath puffed before his eyes.
“Though the man's stories of demon hunting and monster killing entertained us all, near the end, his fear of being stalked by the very monsters he claimed to fight is what did him in.”
Cain smiled, finishing his talk with his mother before placing the phone back into his pocket. He took in a few breathes of air, he already had the next few days off he just had to play nice with everyone until his time came. Making his way back into the house, blinking in surprise as the large group collected themselves on the couch. All of which were shoved together, that is, aside from Sam who had taken to sitting in a chair on his phone not far away. Baal settled beside Abel, talking to the man with his phone out, Mishka and Donnie strumming at the strings on Israfil's guitar as the angel explained his grace to them.
"What will you get when selling it to the Saint?" A man had asked, the popping got stronger. Something was watching her now. Something so evil she feared she'd lose her grip all together before learning anything.
"Anything?" He asked as Abel smoothed his hair back in it's usual fashion. Chamuel reached forward to push back the bit that flipped out in the front,
The third demon scrambled to its feet, having recovered from the initial hit. It leapt at Baal who swung, bashing his fist into the side of its head. Baal spun quickly, he kicked up at the other demon. His steel toed boots coming in contact with its crotch causing the monster to howl in agony. Without hesitation Baal threw himself back, coming down hard on the demon behind him. The monster screeched in agony, Baal held it to the floor. Blood dripping from his nose, Latin chants came falling from his lips. His eyes flashing a bright gold as he spoke,
"Sammy, wait!" Abel called, "What's happening?" The two stopped by Sam's car as the hunter fiddled with the keys.
Dean growled as someone yanked him away from the puddle. Anger splashed into the man's veins as he turned on the strong force,
"Well I hate it," Another man on the screen growled, presumably, the man's partner. "We protected everyone in silence, than suddenly some stupid Winchester comes and ruins it? Leave it to a Winchester!"
Booker rolled their hand through their puffy hair, letting it drop to the back of their neck with a low, dramatic sigh.
"The point is to win !" Cain laughed, Israfil grabbed the shot and downed it. Slamming the small glass upside down on the table,
“Don’t listen to them, twitters full of idiots,” Arphaxat whispered to the hunter, Abel’s mouth dry as he looked over the personal information that someone had leaked to their online followers. People he’d never heard of were messaging them now, causing Abel to pocket his phone.
"I'm not good at committing crimes," Israfil whispered to the other as he followed him out. Leaving the crumpled, wet money on the counter.
"How'd you get it, Bill? The Adinkra." Bailey demanded. The man's frown deepened before letting out a low, raspy laugh.
They stumbled upon an old truck, it was covered in a light layer of rust around the front but from what the two could see it wasn’t too beaten down.
"Is that…" he pushed the glasses onto his nose more, snatching the Adinkra from Cain and inspecting it. The Adinkra started to hum loudly again,
That was true, in fact, it almost made him laugh as he relaxed against his friend. It was funny, if you had told Sam a few months back he'd be straddling the first demon king of Hell on the back of an old Motorcycle he'd have thought you were crazy, silently, he wondered if Dean approved of his odd friendship with the king.
The men watched as Chamuel fought the Jersey Devil mid air, the movements, the power. It sent a shiver through Baal as he watched War fight, the demon gripped the table he'd been leaning on with great force as he watched War rip the creature apart and toss it at Abel. Abel smacking it with a loud clunk with the baseball bat, the demon king sat on the floor. Attempting to steady himself, anxious energy flowing through his veins.
"I just...felt it was fair to tell you…" Sam said, the whisper in his vice turned louder as if his anger was building, "I know this isn't the first time I've mentioned her! Please, just--" He groaned but Alan stopped listening as he was taken down the steps of the large home. Moving his feet in the air as he glanced towards the floor, she practically trotted through the kitchen and towards the man cave's door. He licked his lips at recalling the food she'd often bring him down here to enjoy.
Baal held a fist back, bringing it down hard on the force field that was keeping the puddle from being touched. It shattered under the demon king's might and power, causing Dean to leap back in shock.
"Can't you see? You are me!" He laughed as the dragon's face turned to Cain's. Cain gasped loudly as the monstrous dragon let out a roaring laugh.
“Should we...find Sam Winchester?” Obizuth asked, looking between the two men, his voice small and uncertain.
Baal and Bailey shared a quick look, "what do you thinks happening over there?" Bailey asked, her eyes wide with worry. He shrugged lightly, his mind raced to Sam or Abel being attacked by something and him not being there to help them. The tips of his fingers tingle with the need to race to his friends only for Bailey to have a hand in the air as if to dismiss the fear that rampaged inside her.
The Impala pulled into the packed strip club, Chamuel looked at the lights that flashed on the front. Something felt off all around, the club seemed packed yet he didn’t see anyone outside smoking, talking, drinking, nothing. He also couldn’t seem to remember the last time any type of club was so quiet, the sound of music could be heard as he stepped out of the car yet it didn’t feel right. This entire thing sent a wave of dread over his body but before he could say anything Abel had leapt from the backseat, his energy was high to the point he wasn’t able to stand still.
Donnie looked a little shocked his father knew who Israfil was but at the same time he shouldn't be shocked! His father was one of the most knowledgeable hunters on the planet at the moment.
"Just have 'em, I got the parts! Why not! But if I had a penis it'd be easier," he whispered, "could just fuck a girl. Wouldn't have to deal with all this shit,"
Abel’s heart stopped when he saw Mr. Vess and the janitor appear on the screen. Now that they stood beside each other it dawned on him how much the two looked like, if it wasn’t for the facial hair on the janitors face they’d be twins.
"I guess...I just want a reason to keep doing this," Chamuel said, his voice cracking as the tears continued to flow. "I'm sorry, I…"
"Maybe it's--" He grumbled to himself, rubbing his liver spotted forehead. Mammon and Onoskelis share a look of irritation at the older man's speed. The balding man typed into the key again, it let out another angry beep causing him to huff.
Cain opened his eyes to the world, the strong smell of the swamp reached his nose, the feeling of the Rabbit shuffling in her sleep beside him brought him back to reality. He sat up, glancing up at the dark sky and into the vines clustered above.
Abel’s head snapped towards the demon, a cold fire broke through his veins at the words, “Shut up, that’s not who I am,” He yowled,
"What? What does that even mean? I mean, I know what denounced means but what does it mean to denounce god?"
Mishka nodded at him, she said something but Chamuel stopped listening. Making his way into the guest room and kneeling beside Abel. He placed a hand on the mans back,
The fabric red with the words "Eat me" written on a small piece of paper that stuck out of the gift.
"I'm here," She whispered, "I'm not going to leave you, I love you," She whispered to him over and over. She glanced around her with pain in her eyes, a noose was broken on the floor, another gun with bullets scattered everywhere. Has he attempted to end it? Had it not worked? She shoved this to the back of her mind, thankful that he was here in her arms and not with his mother in hell.
"Oh!!" A voice yelled, the two glanced up to the second story window. A woman with bouncy blonde locks, crisp blue eyes and a big smile was waving at them with joy flooding her features. She leaned out of the window semi dramatically, it reminded Abel of a girl from an old movie with her perfect shape body and dimpled cheeks.
"What? Royal bloodline?" Sam asked, Bailey raced her hand up and down his back absentmindedly as she looked towards the angel.
"Shit," Robin murmured to himself, eyes going from the bull, to Breaker who was still sitting himself awkwardly on the back of his horse and finally bringing attention to Bodhi who had taken the sunglasses off, his blind eye seemed to be staring directly at him. The bull let out another roar of anger, he had to save the bull. He had to save Bohdi.
"Mishka!" Sam gasped, scrambling to his feet. More of the chocolate candy fell from the bag in his lap and clattered to the floor.
They chatted for a few more seconds before hanging up, Donnie didn't need to say anything as Israfil hopped to his feet and made for the small portable refrigerator at the other end of the messy room. He watched the angel dig around for a cold bottle of water, the brunette had been a blessing in Donnie's life since day one and he couldn't wrap his head around the man's loyalty and warmth. It was like a ray of sunshine had been turned into a human being and handed to him on a silver platter.
She swallowed hard, he would have to see the corpse. She'd call the police after they got to the car, have them pick up the corpse but right now she couldn't possibly do that. He could see her means of helping as another attack, or worse another betrayal.
"Of course! They don't call me 'Eligos the discoverer' for nothin'" The man snorted, placing his glasses back on his face. The two demons surrounded the man as he fiddled with the large suitcase, punching in a code into the electronic key that was wrapped around the front to prevent anyone from getting inside.
Abel collapsed into the room, his body falling through the unseen opening of the wall. Sucking in air, a raw red line burned into the hunters neck where pressure had been applied by the rope.
Seeing Robin go into the air and wield a glowing bow and arrow had sent chills through him he'd never experienced. The demon had always surprised him but this was something new, he couldn't get the image out of his head. When Robin fell he felt his heart shatter in a way he couldn't explain, he thought the man had died. In fact, he was certain he died even for a few minutes.
"Well," The angel took his snapback off his head, fiddling with it nervously. "I know it has Faith's Grace--"
"That was weird," Honey murmured, pulling out her own phone and glancing at her friends, "Did the universe say anything about it?"
He got to his feet, Robin often did his best to avoid making friends. Though the demon loved animals he didn't have many friends, in fact, Danjal seemed to be one of his only friends! That was, aside from a few at the bar who were acquaintances. He glanced at the group before turning on his heels, making it his silent mission to get Robin close to someone in the group. He felt the other needed that extra shot of love, maybe it would help his self esteem.
“Abel, hey, thank you for saying that,” He whispered, “Besides, we might need to trust more people. I’m...not really used to trusting people I guess,” Chamuel ran his fingers through his hair. Feeling a warmth bath over his features, “But I trust you,” Chamuel whispered the last part almost embarrassed by what he said.
"You think you can best me? With some dirt!" The blonde laughed, turning his head to Danjal only to shoot forward as if his feet had wings on them. He snapped his fingers, shooting a blast of darkness towards the other.
Israfil nodded, humming softly to himself as he floated around Baal. "That'd be me!" He sang out. "I'm older than you,"
Abel scrambled from his spot on the ground, he snagged the necklace from the floor as Obizuth watched in horror at the pile of bones that was once her friend. She had never seen such power, such ruthless, untapped energy.
"Chamuel, Thank you for, like, putting up with me." He chuckled, "most people, yaknow, think I'm annoying or whatever. But even through me yelling and shoving you around you...still come back,"
“So…” Sam started, “Why did you help us?” The cats wound themselves around Baals legs, avoiding Sam as the demon started to pet the flea bitten animals. The heat in his hands burned the fleas off the cats but the animals seemed to enjoy the heat as they pushed themselves into his palms more.
"Alright! Drive safe boys, me and Mr. Campbell are very excited to meet you! We've seen all your pictures and can't wait to hear you play your guitar," she said with an added energy into her words.
Taking another drink of the alcohol he scooted closer to the Angel, “Anyways, the rabbit was stuck to this cardboard with this sticky stuff on it. Not sure what it was but in that stuff was this bright paper, I picked it up and it was an add for some guy named Abel who sold guns. Said on the front something like “If I’m ABEL to sell these Winchesters God will bless me’ or something like that. It...just kind of clicked. Abel Winchester, sounded similar enough to Alice that folks probably wouldn’t fight me too hard on it too.”
The man nodded, looking through his computer with a small sigh. The angel pulled out his vessel's ID, though Donnie warned them about using their personal things for checking in and out of motels; they hadn't had a chance to make fake ID's so they decided using Chamuel's vessel's cards would work for a short time.
“Aw come on, waking up  to my voice isn’t that bad,” he finally said, giving the other a crooked smile.
Both Chamuel and Abel glanced at each other, “It’s okay, we’re very gay friendly here! I thought I saw you two drive up together,” the chubby principal chuckled
“Do you think he’d have been mayor?” The woman behind the camera asked, her voice filled with sorrow.
"I'm leaving early," Cain said as he walked past a man in a suit that seemed a touch too big for him, the man looked startled by the others voice but didn't say anything in return. Cain made his way down the long hallways, pulling out his cell phone to check his notifications. A message sent to him by Obizuth caught his eye, he clicked it open and read through it rapidly. A small smile came to his lips, he knew where Sam was. A message from his mom jumped to the screen, he eyed the word on the screen before putting the phone to his ear.
"Together?" He asked with an arched eyebrow, Chamuel blinked at him and shrugged. Abel watched the men vanish into the darkness, running his fingers through his hair, shaking it out anxiously so it fell messily over his face.
"Find him," Cain said with a sigh, scrolling through his texts back and forth with the hunter. It was easy to fool him, people were easy to trick into trusting you when you knew the right buttons to press.
He went into detail about his past, being a doctor and how he'd grown up. While doing this he waved his hand over the zombie-like woman, his Adinkra shone softly in the lights of the room they were piled into. The zombie fought against the ropes that held her down but slowly relaxed against the touch.
With a quick movement of his wrists the handcuffs whined under the heat and pressure before snapping, Theo looked back at him in shock. Dagmar looked equally as perplexed, Theo leaned down to pick up the handcuffs, dropping them quickly. The metal a shade of deep, angry red as they laid broken on the floor. Bailey couldn't stop the grin that swept over her face.
The two men started their search, they never seemed to get used to the putrid smell filling the small, enclosed tunnels. The concrete path would dip in and out of the water leaving them little choice but to slosh through the filth. Some of the muck came to their knees other times it just hardly graced the top of the boot on Israfil's feet. The angel occasionally made himself float but he was finding even that to bring him great exhaustion. The taller of the two didn't have much issue with the water rising up to the top of his boots but Israfil found himself taking in the liquid of the sewer every so often, it sloshed in his boots making him feel sick to his stomach.
The angel glanced up at Abel, who refused to look at him, "I'm...uh, I was gonna tell you about my birthday," he said awkwardly, "and I've been thinking about it all day and...I just, I guess I was afraid you'd…" he paused,
"You gotta take the shot, that's how the game works," Baal had said, now he felt regret swelling in the depths of his skull.
"Why are we here?" Sam asked Baal as they sat in front of the large building, a pair of sunglasses covered his eyes as he glanced around him. Holding a drink in one hand, eyebrows narrowed. The building was large with glass windows surrounding every corner it seemed, with a modern looking set of doors at the front where people swarmed in and out. 'Museum of modern art' tacked onto the front in bold, black lettering. It sat in a forest of steel buildings, scattered shops, restaurants and homes surrounded it.
"You can't do that later?" The other asked, laying back down in the warm sheets. The sun wasn't even awake yet.
"My stop is coming," the man said with a cough, the man's ebony skin shone in the sunlight as they left the tunnel behind them.
"I got me some freaks on here that'll love this!" He said with a laugh. Now the two were moving through the large, seemingly empty farm. The dirt under his boots didn't feel right, he had a closeness to the Earth due to his previous position in Hell. He had been a warrior in the Rocky regions of the damned and considered himself somewhat of an expert on the planet. The ground under him felt sick, but he couldn't place why it felt this way.
"You made my friend bleed for money and gold?" He spat, causing the robber to flinch. The shorter of the two was chubby with his pupils' pinpricks, the other long and lanky. Holding Robin against the dirty restroom walls, blood smeared against the tiles.
"You were able to finally take him over," Bernard scoffed as he took a few steps forward, his nice suit didn't hold an ounce of dirt, hands folded behind his back. Cherm snorted at this, his body shuttered with anger at the very thought of Cain.
"After you, you highness" Chamuel said with a grin, pushing his fingers through the hole where the doorknob had been and holding it open. Abel bowed his head playfully
"It's got the other half of the prophecy on it somewhere," He said with a grunt, getting up and dusting off his purple hoodie before taking Sam's trash and his own, dumping it into a small trash bin. Sam watched Baal lean down and pick up a few extra scattered pieces of trash on the floor and throw it away,
Taking a sip of his coffee only for one of the phones on the desk in front of him to ring. He looked down at the New York number, a piece of tape had been placed on the front of the smartphone, "FBI: Abel and Cham" had been written in marker.
"Then why was I put on Earth for so long if I'm not meant to feel human? If I was supposed to be some killing machine why am I here? If I'm so powerful why did God put me and Abel together?"
Abel's eyes on a TV that was placed on someone's desk, the news station was discussing the darkness in the soil. A scientist with goggles chatting with a reporter about their thoughts on the substance,
"Chamuel, I want to kill him just as much as the next guy, but I think finding his Adinkra is more important," Bailey mused with a snarl.
He continued to slowly float towards the ceiling, the air in the bar whipped and roared as if it was ready to go to war.
"But he drank the darkness! I was there," someone shouted, Lucifer nodded at this before dragging his gaze over the crowd.
“It’s alright,” Chamuel whispered, at first Abel stared blankly at the other before pushing the hand away.
Laszlo laughed, "Eres todo un personaje, ¿No es así?"  ("You are a character, aren't you?") His eyes gleamed as he switched himself to English.
"So when I decided to help I didn't expect anything, I was...a little excited...to think I was going to meet my soulmate," He admitted, "But it's...probably just my brother," he continued to anxiously play with his hair in an attempt to soothe himself. She moved her hand from his shoulder and placed it over his own, her fingers moved over the ring.
Sam narrowed his eyes, attempting to put together what the symbol was. He glanced up at the stars, he gasped as a few shot through the air and lit up the night sky. Bailey stood up beside him,
"No, she doesn't forget. She avoided telling us," Bailey whispered, "Hahasiah doesn't seem to understand why she can't blurt out whatever's on her mind. So…" She trailed off, rubbing her forehead.
"Yes sir," The demon replied from the otherside of the phone, hanging up without a second thought, causing the devil to frown.
"Why are you apologizing? I need to get Cain," Chamuel hopped off the bed. Arphaxat smiled wide, nodding to Abel even though the hunter couldn't see him.
He rolled his eyes to himself, pocketing the watch and going down the stairs to grab his car keys. He was all alone now, he'd have to do this alone.
"Look, the internet isn't some search machine anymore like when you were a kid, yaknow, when dinosaurs walked the earth,"
"I'm s-so.." Chamuels head flopped forward as he passed out against Abel who scrambled to keep him from falling. Sam helped catch the Angel, shouting over to Butch who dropped the bone and followed after the others as they made towards the house.
"Maverick, now or never," Chamuel whispered, Abel nodded before grabbing the handle and yanking it down. The handle didn't move, Abel froze up. Turning to look at the angel with wide eyes,
“Guy probably decided to bounce." Abel replied, turning towards his friend with a plate. Placing it in front of the other who looked at it surprised.
The angel let his fingers move forward, pushing themselves against Abel's open palm. Abel smirked, without any hesitation the king laced his fingers with the others. Abel's hand fit against Chamuel's perfectly.
“Baal, what are you thinking?” Sam’s voice panicked as he could see the gears turning in the man's skull turning before the brute lowered his head.
He was lying to the demon, he should end it. Right? Would Arphaxat even let him? He recalled the seconds before he died. He recalled the thought he had. He hadn't known the angel long, but he silently couldn't imagine not being with the other.
"Welcome honored guests, I'm inviting you to meet me at my home. The church! I want to clear up any miscommunication about myself. Love, pastor Bill," Bailey read, flipping the paper over then back again. She reached into her pocket and fished out the poster of the man,
That was Abel, he wasn't one to stray from a new friend or two. Though this always worried the wolf he didn't fight it anymore. The GPS on the dash let out a ping as they drove down another street. He could tell Robin was terrified, he smelled the others tears. He wasn't sure how he knew that but he could tell they were tears. The man was right though, as the day went on he was able to understand different smells and sounds, he could smell everything! He hadn't needed his glasses either, his vision was clear as water. His mind snapped back to reality when he smelled something else, he turned to look at Israfil. He could smell the same, salty smell, coming from the angel. Though it had a hint of his scene in it making it easier to tell the difference.
Abel started down the steps, closing the door behind him as he went. He felt around for a light switch but shrugged when he couldn't find it. His phone light was strong, he had a baseball bat, fear wasn't something he felt at the moment. But discomfort? Making his way down to the next door, each step let out a soft groan of pain as he moved onward.
He felt his heart sink, he trusted the angel with his life, yet, what could the man really be hiding? He watched the angel crush a person's head between his hands. What if he was on the wrong side of his war?
He smiled at his friend, wrapping the bag of arrows around his body. He felt an odd sense of belonging suddenly.
"Baal was a big deal in hell, even now, he's more powerful than whatever assassins they're going to send after him. So he's going after his other weaknesses."
Fran nodded, "oh! Before you go," he reached into his pocket and pulled out a small, golden pocket watch. He held it out to the other, Sam looked at it with a puzzled expression.
Now the angel was hardly able to stay awake, leaning against his friend as they staggered towards the small motel room. His arm was thrown over Abel who was determined to get the other to bed. Abel didn't bother getting two beds this time, both men found it more comfortable to share a single bed so why bother paying more? He helped Chamuel to the bed, the angel was shaking as Abel helped pull off his tattered shirt.
Mammon landed beside him, grabbing him by the collar of his yellow hoodie and hoisting him up. He landed a hard punch to the other's face before tossing him hard into a large oak tree. Robin fell to the ground, shakily reaching for another arrow just to have the demon step on his head and shove it into the dirt.
"Oh no," he groaned, taking the remote and mug from the woman. His mind went to Bobby for a few heartbeats, silently wondering how the man had managed to handle him and his brother let alone anyone else.
"Dan, you...do you remember why we broke up?" She seemed to be picking her words carefully which confused the demon.
“Well, why not do that today?” Donnie asked, “I got an awesome video camera! We can take videos of you guys just doing what you normally do. We can also take some fake shots too, make it look like Chamuel’s glow is fake or whatever,”
A rock maybe? Shrugging towards himself and following his friend into the poorly lit home, he could feel his grace prickling at the bottom of his palms as adrenaline kicked forward through his veins. The dusty smell of the old home reminded the angel of when he first came to Earth and was introduced to his vessel, silently wondering if Jedidah missed his skin.
"Alright, I can do this," Chamuel whispered to himself as he made his way towards the catcher's box.
"I'm only teasing," she said with a chuckle, "Earth to Cain," he shook off the thoughts, rubbing the back of his neck.
"Me too, fuck," Chamuel murmured, slamming into the other harder until the pleasure peaked, causing the angel to moan out the mans name as he came to his end. Abel felt the build spill over, he shouted out Chamuels full name as his orgasm shuttered through his body. Hearing his full name being shouted sent the angel to the edge as his orgasm followed not long after, he sucked in air as he finished up inside his lover.
"I know, I'm so sorry, I'm...I'm just so used to being aggressive, yaknow? But you make me want to be better,"
"I...don't know," He murmured, "I didn't stop Obizuth from killing a DJ, or a bunch of other people."
Chamuel leaned against the side of the garage, scrolling on his phone with narrowed eyes as he scanned the comments that continued to flow into their twitter. Abel had become good at ignoring them but occasionally he noticed waves of pain falling off the other, he also noticed a dark mark on the man's neck but chalked it up to sleeping with Mishka who was inside with her aunt.
“Let’s go over the plan again,” Chamuel said, holding the small vial of poison in his palm as he spoke, anxiety clear in his eyes.
He rolled his eyes at the familiar voice of Norma who leaned out of her minivan, waving at the other.
"Homie, I'm more than okay!" He laughed loudly, causing Danjal to put a finger to his lips. Breaker put a hand over his mouth and nodded,
The wish Abel had made caused the angel's heart to shatter, before Arphaxat the blonde only recalled one time the hunter had shown any form of dysphoria but the demon must have done something to make his King have such hatred for the body he was in. Chamuel handed the phone back to Sam.
Abels eyes grew wide as moons as he slowly reached forward, taking the cold glass out of the others hand. The parts of the vial without the soul were cold to the touch while the parts that held the light were warm.
They seemed to be in some type of basement, the ground was made of dirt that was flattened by thousands of shoes through the ages. A few random gaps that lead to nowhere covered the floors around them.
"Hang on," Sam whispered, grabbing a pen off the floor he rapidly started to draw something onto the other's arm in the vivid red marker. She looked at him in curiosity, as he finished the man whispered Latin softly before rolling his fingers over her dark skin. She blinked in shock as the feeling wavered before vanishing all together, her eyes wide as she looked at him. His fingers glowed orange against the pale lights above,
Just as it was cut a rush of feelings flashed through the angel's skull, pain, trauma that wasn't his, negative thoughts, love long lost, memories, joy, finally death before a flash of relief flooded him and it was gone. He looked down at his body, his soul settled within its depths. No longer fighting against another soul he felt calm, able to think more clearly. No wonder the angels of old would release the souls, he felt a new energy flood his body.
"Will she hurt us? Do you think she's plotting?" Cherm asked him, he felt the shadow shutter under him.
He found his way to the hole in the trees, lights were dancing from inside the darkness. Flashing bright red in the hunters face, rubbing his eyes before slipping into the darkness. His shoes landed on the grass, he stumbled slightly catching himself before falling into the dark grass. The music was growing louder now as his eyes found their way to the large building before him. It was practically hopping off the ground from the sounds that emanated through the speakers inside.
"I'm Theo Rose, FBI, This is my partner Dagmar," He nodded to her, she lifted her head with a broad grin.
"I'm sorry, Cham," He whispered, his voice somber, placing a hand on the others shoulder in a display of comfort, "I...see the way you look at him, he looks at you but..we can't risk it,"
"You've got blue all over you," he murmured, Chamuel smiled wide. Staring into the man's brilliant green gaze, he looked back to the ceiling. His heart pounding loudly against his chest, letting his hand fall off his chest he brushed it against Abel's. Side eyeing the man who had his eyes closed, a peaceful smile on his lips.
"What did you do? What even if all this?" She asked, sitting back down and really taking the time to study the marks that covered the room before her eyes fell back to the mirrors that seemed to have been placed in a circle around them.
"I mean, I don't either. But this has been...all week?" Bailey offered, Chamuel felt his heart drop to his stomach.
Mishka sat on the bed of the man's room, Amaryllis closed the door and sat on a desk chair. Almost immediately she heard the slap, the skin on skin. She winced, her heart broke in her chest. He was a grown man but his mother practically made him a child. She looked around his room, her heart sank more.
Abel's heart stopped, Chamuel didn't break his eye contact as he whispered out the words Abel had been dying to hear.
"I told you, I don't know anything," Vasa spat, he was tied to a chair in the middle of an empty storage room. The pair had bought the biggest one they physically could, padding it with plastic and dragging the twins inside.
"Yes We do, sunshine" Donnie whispered, staring out at the patrons in the church he sucked in a breath. Standing tall beside his father, feeling powerful with Israfil holding onto him.
"I know, Arph, I know, It's okay. I get it," Abel murmured, his cheek still stung but it was almost a comfort compared to the numbness that settled in the depths of his soul.
"Come on! Race you!" Donnie shouted, attempting to shake off his nervous jitters, pointing towards the large tree. Israfil's eyes flashed as they both pelted forward. Donnie could outrun Israfil easily now due to the wolf that burned within him but he couldn't keep his eyes off the man as the light of thousands were pushed from under their feet and danced in the air around them.
The pair left not too long after, the sound of distant screeching, or was it laughing, didn't bother the doctor. He was in the middle of New York, the odd noises weren't something he would bat an eye at.
"You don't like me," Abel now looked at the other with hurt in his eyes, it broke Chamuel's heart as he stared into the man's Holly green gaze.
He dropped it, right before jumping for his brother. Cain reached into his pocket for his own phone only to freeze.
The angel blinked out of his thoughts, glancing up to Donnie who waved at him. Embarrassment flashed through him as he got to his feet, the group had split apart to join their partner.
"Oh! That's a clean six minutes!" The announcer whistled at this, a few handlers went out to check on the bull only to notice the dark marks in its flesh. They all shared a look but didn't say anything as the animal was taken to it's pen.
"Anyways, call him to a fucking bar or something. He'll feel more protected in public, than just, do you thing."
"What do you want?" Abel whispered, feeling a buzz at the back of his head from the alcohol and something else he couldn't place.
That is, until he heard the noise of a car driving up to his parking lot. The gravel road crunched under the wheels of the Impala as it came to a halt. The dark haired male sat up, glancing at his phone, it lit up bright.
Donnie remained attached to his friend, burying his face into the man's shoulder as he breathed in the angel's comforting scent.
It melted into the floor before the bat made contact, the weapon coming down hard on the wood. Abel stared at the spot the snake disappeared into with a look of confusion flashing over his features.
"That's weird," He murmured, kicking a bit of dirt into the hole. It was a perfect coffin shape, squinting his eyes he picked up a rock and dropped it into the hole. It fell for a long time, he didn't even hear it land. He looked at Mavis with a puzzled expression, no one could be buried here, right?
"Not sure, he didn't say anything to me," Cain replied smoothly, he couldn't help feel a trickle of excitement as the demon's plan seemed to be working to split the two apart.
"I know, I'm just stressed out," She admitted, "And I've been sick and it's just too much, sorry Abe,"
The angel cleaned the blood off the others arm, being sure to get the bits of splatter on the man's face as well. His mind ran back to Cain, who's eyes had been covered in his mother's blood. It looked like someone had tossed war paint on the doctor.
Cain's eyes opened to the waking world around him, he had found a small patch of dried surface to sleep on. Babs curled up against his chest, the rabbit's soft fur tickled his nose. He blinked the dream away a few times, sitting up and looking around him in frustration. It was so dark, the vines slapped him in the face causing him to swat at them.
She turned her attention to Danjal, puffing out her chest and putting her hands on her hips in a dramatic pose.
Chamuel groaned inwardly, he had been incredibly comfortable beside the other. Abel's company had soothed his anxiety through the night but now as morning sun drowned out the sleep he felt hollow yet again,
Abel snorted, waving a hand before opening the case. His eyes grew wide as if he was gifted diamonds, he pulled out the two laminated tickets with a grin on his face.
"What was that?" Abel murmured, Cain glanced into the darkness with a puzzled look in his face before eyeing the zippo. Pressing on the red button now the fire exploded out in a power, brilliant blaze. Abel jumped back in shock, light broke the darkness apart. Casting brilliant red and orange against the deep, wooden cave. Large, sharp looking teeth stuck out of the deep hole that stood before them that dripped with wet, thick saliva. Abel glanced down at the floor, small bumps covered the wooden area before his eyes moved up to the hanging light bulb directly between them and the teeth. It swung lazily with every movement, the bulb itself broken.
“He’s a troubled kid,” He grunted, “Tells people about demons and angels,” Waving a hand in the air, “We practically named our detention room after him,” He chuckled,
Abel tore through the forest, screaming as vines snagged him. He struggled to get out, breaking them as he went. The moaning of the dead filled his head as he turned to look back. The corpses crawled after him quickly, their mouths open as they screamed out into the air, black blood dripping from their eyes, nose and open jaws. They seemed to be rotting as they moved, melting into the shadows.
"Oh no, I couldn't, you don't even know me," the demon whispered, looking back at the ground and biting the skin off his lip.
“This...Oh this,” He laughed, ignoring the man's words as he replayed the video a few times with greedy eyes staring at the golden trinket that glowed on the screen. The demons shuffled uncomfortably as they watched the man rewind, and replay the video a few times.
"First of all, he never was my boyfriend!" Arphaxat hissed out, taking a few angry steps towards Mammon who leapt to his feet to meet the other. He towered over Arphaxat, giving the blonde a toothy grin.
"Yeah, my wingman! My sidekick," Abel shot the other a shit eating grin, Chamuel playfully flicked the other on the back of the head causing Abel to wince, his smile growing wider.
"So what'd you say?" Abel asked, turning on his heels to the woman. His boots let out a soft squeak as he did so.
"We love stupid around here!" Donnie laughed, turning to look at the small demon who gave him a light smile.
"I guess so," Chamuel chuckled, leaning against the leather seat as Abel pulled back into the freeway. The familiar music caused the angel to relax more.
Abel walked through the empty parking lot, it was an odd town, he didn’t see a soul out and about despite it still being decently early in the night. Narrowing eyes against the glow of the fake lights that lit the empty lot, kicking a few rocks as he made for the outside restrooms that stood beside a small convenient store. The door clicked open and Abel moved inside, the light flickered on to show a single toilet covered in graffiti, an old mirror with a few bullet holes and a sink that looked as if it hadn’t been cleaned in years.
"Instincts?" Sam laughed at this, leaning towards her more. She could smell his cologne, it sent a wave of warmth through her blood, "We got lost on the way here!"
"You gonna buy something?" She snapped her gum at them, "Or are you going to just continue to look stupid?"
"Oh yes," Baal leaned back a bit, humming to himself "In hell, just like in heaven, we're elemental. Basically, we can use certain elements to our advantage when strong enough. The darkness made it so we can do it up on earth now too, at least, for higher level creatures"
"Probably, I don't know why they didn't upload it to their twitter," Morris responded, turning his phone on and flipping over to the Hashtag that'd been trending. He had even placed it in his twitter bio in a show of support,
"Hey, it's okay," she whispered, pulling her leather jacket off and tossing it to the floor. He looked at anxiety in his eyes,
"My mom's calling," He lied, turning and leaving the bar. His smile widened as he looked down at Sam's phone number, Cherm giggled like a school boy in his ear. Pushing out of the bar and into the sharp, cold air. His breath came out in clouds as he started walking.
"Wow, Badger!" He said in a cheerful, silly voice as if the crow beside him was talking, "You really are the best at this kind of stuff!"
Suddenly a jolt of pain flew through his veins, Sam gasped in shock as pain clocked over his leg. He wore pants a little too short, leaving a small bit of his skin showing. He looked in horror as a rat, black as the night, raced away from him having left large tooth marks in his skin.
Abel's eyes sparked at the others' words, grinning stupidly for a few heart beats as he raced his fingers through his hair a few times.
Abel hasn't thought about it, suddenly feeling dizzy from the idea. He glanced around him, Chamuel couldn't be doing that could he?
"You must have misunderstood me," Arphaxat mused, "or maybe you're being dramatic again. I said I was confused because I'm so use to cis men but I don't care that you're transgender!"
The drive felt longer than usual to the angel, his mind felt busy as he attempted to understand what all just happened. The woman had tripped, but Chamuel didn't see anything that could have tripped her up. Sure Abel pushed her, but his push shouldn't have been that strong. She was far enough away from the table to have missed, and the amount of gore? It was as if someone slammed her head into the side of the table. Something didn't feel right, deep in his gut he knew something sinister had happened as they pulled up to Norma's house.
"Why is that a question?" Bailey asked, leaning her head against the wall and moving her eyes to the other,
The men screamed as they fell like rocks towards the water, Israfil held the guitar close as his anatomy met the icy depths below sending his body into shock. He could hear the monster above, thrashing still as he was dragged further under the cold water. A sound he couldn't identify could be heard above but the water made it impossible to make out. He started Fight against the darkness that clouded his vision, the cold water had rendered his limbs useless. The shape of a person swimming towards him was the last thing he saw before unconsciousness dragged him under.
"I have a better idea," Bernard said, "Instead of bringing the darkness to the Grotto, why not to Wolfsbane?" The saint turned his head to face the opposite way, nodding down the road where a different farm was settled. It looked bigger than the Grotto with large, angry claw marks scratched into the dirt below.
"You've changed," he snarled at Cain, pointing to the Adinkra, then to the phone in the doctor's pocket.
He had a single bed, hardly big enough to fit the man. It was as if he didn't even bother buying himself a new bed as an adult, just changed the sheets to fit more with his age. On his desk were a few books, none of which looked like a fun time to read. Past this was a small closet with clothes hung up, shoes on the floor. No color touched this room, everything was dull, grey, that is, until she noticed a small shot of color in a picture frame. She glanced towards Amaryllis who stared blankly at her phone before reaching over and picking up the picture frame.
The brothers froze as a shadow passed by them, they pushed themselves close to each other ready to attack if need be. Their breath flowed from their nose, Cain shuddered at the cold chill of air that washed over them.
“Nine thirty, who the hell,” He grumbled, taking a swig of his drink. Grabbing the baseball bat beside his couch, the man swayed towards the front of the garage and towards a small door that led outside into the cold. Glancing out of the peephole, Abel watched as the old school car parked itself just in front of his closed garage. The lights shone bright on the old car, causing him to wince against them before they shut off. Standing in front of the door were three men, though he couldn’t make them out well through the small opening on his door. He rocked back on his heels, rapidly becoming sober as adrenaline kicked into gear. Since the black sludge started to show up in his town, he trusted people less and less. The last thing he needed was one of those freaks to come in here and attack him.
A woman? Sam looked over Abel for a few heartbeats. Nothing about him seemed like a woman. He was strong, muscular, he could tell he hit the gym, face dotted with stubble. How could he have ever been a woman?
Chamuel nodded lightly, not replying to the other. Cain silently cursed himself out, he never had an issue talking to someone yet he was suddenly feeling nervous.
Chamuel watched the man climb up the steps, picking a random room and ducking inside. He hadn't even gone into their shared room which made the angel's heart sink even more.
Abel blinked at the other, he hadn’t expected the question. Sitting down on the floor with a sigh, something about the forest was comforting to him. It felt oddly warmer than usually, more full of life. Arphaxat sat beside him, smiling at Abel, “I don’t mean to pester you, Abe!” He chuckled,
"He just loves to make women's working conditions toxic, maybe we should show him how it feels to work for an even more toxic environment,"
"If we keep checking we'll get too caught up on views and it'll make use anxious" he had said, "if we check in the morning we'll know if it's viral or not,"
"It's called a Demon Keeper Sigil," The man snorted, "Keeps the demon in the skin, and if done a special way it keeps us from burning in holy land,"
"Maybe, if Faith is really behind all this it's possible they're all soul mates in some way or another," Danjal mused.
"You...I have chosen you," He said. They stood now, a hesitation in their eyes before they made their way to Cain. He gestured for them to stand beside Cherm as they picked up one of the glasses, looking into the deep, dark red liquid.
Sam blinked, the anger started to fade. He grabbed the phone, looking through some of the tweets with a look of thoughtfulness on his features.
Abel tilted his head, she held the camera under her arm as she fished out her cell phone. Scrolling through it for a few short seconds she held up a picture, it was a picture of the snake like blob staring directly at the camera.
"I'm going to check on everyone else," Norma said with a smile before ducking out of the room. Abel took a few bites of his burger,
Chamuel blinked a few times, relaxing himself but he could still feel the grace roll through his veins. Pumping his body with energy,
"Oh no no," She folded it up and shoved it back into her jacket pocket. "First we open your chakras, the Lionheart of magic can't have a closed third eye,"
"We can figure this out more tomorrow, I feel like if I don't get a shower and some sleep I'm going to lose my mind,"
Abel blinked in shock, only hours ago he found those words trying to force their way out, but not for the demon. He hesitated, hurt flashed in the others' gaze. He clenched his jaw,
Abel shot up in the bed, dark blood raced down his forehead. He groaned, he felt as though he was hit by a bus as he walked out of the room and down the stairs towards the big bathroom with the emergency kit.
"Slaves, people on the run, even creatures that were misunderstood or reformed," she continued, "it's been passed through my family for generations, this isn't the only hidden room either."
"They don't even know I'm making an army," Cain snorted. He leaned down to Bohdi, getting close to his face and inspecting the man.
Sam let out an exasperated sigh, running his fingers through his hair. Norma laughed at the doctor's terrible joke.
“Yeah, ya’know, chicks, drinks! Maybe we can find you a nice lady, huh? Chicks dig math teacher types."
Chamuel eyed the woman, war wanted to blast her into oblivion but love kept the grace at peace. If he blasted her to the skies he could possibly harm everyone else, Abel included.
"We got a video of what happened!" Someone had told them, showing a video that was quickly dismissed as fake.
The cool night air raced against Israfil's face as he attempted to keep up with the wolf but it was useless. No matter how hard he ran he couldn't seem to keep up, the buildings got taller around him, the innocent milled about lazily in the city that never slept.
“Yeah, he...well before he died, he thought Mr. Vess was a…” waving his hand in the air as he attempted to find the words, “Neko...no...Necromancer? That guy had balls, he’d say that to Mr. Vess’ face. But what cool wizard uses a snow globe to control his magic? It just sounded dumb,”
Israfil always picked at the skin on his hands, ever since he got his vessel it was a constant desire to do so. He couldn't explain why but the more stress that weighed on him, the bigger his smile got but the worse his skin became. He ran his fingers through the others hair, feeling useless as he laid down beside the man. Even the news of Arphaxat didn't pass the numb wall over the angels heart, a touch of guilt for not mentioning Abel's odd behavior to anyone.
"I feel buzzed, but I still feel like a truck hit me," he finally said, Abel gave him a small smile.
"Yeah? And Jesus was a normal guy when he started, you're just a normal guy right now but you're gonna shine brighter than all of us," Paul whispered the last part as if it held heavy meaning, it wasn't anything new. The wolf heard this often from Paul, the man had said this to him since childhood and he wasn't sure if it was because Paul was a good guy or if the man knew more than he let on.
"No! Not at all," He spat out the words as though he were disgusted by them, freezing in his place. Racing his hand through his hair, letting it rest on his neck, rolling his head back a bit.
This lasted only an hour heavens time, which, Dean wasn't sure how long it meant in real time but the tablet restarted every morning. Of course, he couldn't see anything through Abel's eyes or above his head without restrictions. Upon first arriving to Heaven the hero was unaware of his sons existence, going about his time as normal. That is, until the angels couldn't keep the secret anymore when the talk of a new King rising started. Hearing the new king was a Winchester Dean started demanding answers. Castiel had avoided telling Dean but as the hunter grew more determined Castiel broke down and took the hunter to the Forest of Life. Allowing Dean to glance at his son's Life Water, something no human soul had ever been allowed to do.
"Yeah, I have a hard time finding any good pokemon here too. You'd assume such a big church would have a pokestop," the man's voice calming, he spoke to Baal as if they'd been friends forever.
Abel and Chamuel looked down at the corpse, its headless body seemed fresh as if something had dragged it down inside the room to feast on it. Abel pulled out his cell phone, putting the flash on and snapping a few quick pictures.
Cain was so blind sided by the others' comment he simply watched her leave with his jaw nearly on the floor, Cherm giggled against his ear.
Robin rolled his eyes, Danjal realized he was holding the other. Dropping him suddenly and scrambling up and out of the bed.
"I almost...got it…" He growled, the sound of digging caused the man to freeze. He glanced down at the rabbit. It was digging a hole under the bramble thorns. He pulled himself from the bush and watched the bunny squirm under the thorns. He almost reached forward to stop him but something told him not too, the white hare popped out of the other side. It hopped towards the bush, grabbing a few of the green leaves in its mouth.
"You get another wish," Sam said with a soft laugh. She shut her eyes, listening to the sounds of the night.
Bailey glanced to and from, placing a finger on her chin. She glanced back to the door, noticing the teacher's name was written neatly over a sheet of paper and placed on the front.
"Run Alice! Run!" Arphaxat shouted at him, laughing wildly. Abel didn't stop to say anything, he raced back into the deep, blue woods that surrounded the clearing he once felt so safe in. The rabbit padded in front of him, its back legs thumping wildly as it went. Abel followed after, fighting against the bramble and vines that got in his path.
Donnie felt a burst of excitement and pride, he had an angel assigned to him? That must mean he was on the right path, something he had been fighting with since meeting the other two.
Abel blinked at the phone before eyes danced to the other's face, giving him a smile as relief flooded his bones.
"Yes, there are five." Bodhi replied, he watched the evil spirit settle over the head of a man with dark hair. The first king. He could see the outlines of the others with their LionHearts but couldn't figure out the details.
She walked past the large fridge that hummed in the corner of the room, placing her hand on the back wall and pushing. A door swung inward, it was hidden from sight against the white, chalky paint. She trotted down another set of stairs that wound downwards to another room. The room was large, spiderwebs covered nearly every inch of this dark place, the air stale as though no one had been down here for awhile. The webs were so thick you could make out their shapes in the bold darkness.
White hot pleasure rocked into his body, feeling the pressure of the others cock inside him sent ripples of warmth into his system. Each time the angel pulled out and thrust back in sparks exploded through Abel's genitals, rolling into his mind and growing with each pump of the blondes hips. Sweat rolled down his forehead as the other continued to move himself in and out of Abel,
He wasn't sure what he'd eaten, but Arphaxat left it for him. So it couldn't be bad, right? And it couldn't hurt so long as he didn't eat it in the real world, right? He suddenly felt the floor under him heave, screaming in surprise as the wood opened up and swallowed him as though it was alive. Falling to the floor below him and landing awkwardly on his feet, stumbling to keep himself upright the music exploded all around him.
Mishka was surprised to see how messy the car was, she didn't take him for a messy person, but then again she didn't know him.
Baal raced up with Bailey close behind only for the demon king to freeze; he took one look at Abel and bowed his head.
The boot let out a hum as the archer smashed it into the creature's face, the large vampire let out a yowl of agony as he stumbled backwards. Blood poured down his broken nose, his chin slightly eschew.
“He used weed?” Chamuel offered, rubbing his eyes as he attempted to stay away. “But you’re right, earlier his pupils were...huge,”
"What the hell," Abel murmured, making his way to the door of the home. It was large, stacked against the sky so high Abel had to crank his neck in an attempt to see how far it went but the top vanished among a blur of dark clouds as though it were a skyscraper. Abel swallowed hard, he had an irrational fear of falling from a skyscraper and the home was too close for comfort. Red lights flashed from the windows, the music so loud he swore it could be heard in the waking world.
The two turned in shock as one of the Pishacha stood outside, ramming it's small body against the glass door. Laughing as it did so, another one fluttered down as well causing the two to look at one another in shock. They vanished for heartbeat before reappearing again.
It didn't matter, the joy he felt was nearly overwhelming as he laid back in the bed with a soft chuckle. He loved Abel, and the best part about it? Abel loved him. The hunter groaned, opening his eyes to the world. Chamuel rolled himself to look at the man with new light in his eyes.
"Yes," Cain whispered. The sound of someone knocking on the door caught his attention, he collected himself. Running his hands over his face to get rid of the tears. If his mother saw tears she would be mad at him, he couldn't upset her.
The shower shut off after a good twenty minutes, she glanced up at the door as it opened slowly. He stepped out with an anxious expression as if he expected to be yelled at.
"Alright, shoot," she said, giving him a finger gun as the bartender dropped another beer in front of her.
Abel froze, looking over at the man. "You...do?" Abel's voice sounded distant, the look of hurt on his face nearly made the demon laugh but he still needed Abel's soul.
The red head turned his body, pointing up to the large skyscraper whose top kissed the darkening clouds.
“So what's wrong with the car?” Abel asked as Chamuel took a seat, his eyes more focused on the blonde than the other two. Already deciding he trusted him more.
Chamuel was worried about Abel, something wasn't right. He'd been sleeping a lot more, yet, the man always seemed tired. His pupils being the size of dinner plates didn't help either, was he taking something and not telling Chamuel? The angel thought through the medication Abel took regularly, none of which would have any of the symptoms he was showing.
"That glass would have hurt like a bitch and a half," Abel whispered as Cain helped him get to his feet.
"You were with Obizuth, in a room. Those hell hounds, man, some cool stuff. I didn't know you could control them,"
"Aw come on!" He smacked his hand against the side of the machine. Groaning inwardly, leaning back in his seat. He couldn't believe how much Heaven sucked.
"So we now know there's another king, possibly more kings? How do we not know about the other kings?" She asked, Sam could tell she was holding back her need to ramble as she tied her hair up into a messy bun in a nervous fashion. He noticed himself starting to do this as well and chuckled to himself, he was hanging out with everyone too much.
Abel took in a breath as the red light on the camera blinked a few times before it went to green. Donnie hit a few things on his laptop and the video officially started.
Danjal shook his head, running his fingers through his hair. The light buzz in the back of his head didn't help with his thinking, neither did the odd thumping of his heart.
"The darkness is growing," Mishka murmured, she was ripping up her napkin as anxiety flashed in her gaze. Turning back to look at Cain, the Waitress trotted over and placed a small bowl of ice cream down between them.
Chamuel nodded, rubbing his eyes again as he attempted to hold back the hopelessness that settled in his gut. It felt like a hot fire that threatened to burn him up.
"You're one amazing son of a bitch," Danjal mused, pulling out one of the arrows and inspecting it. Donnie bowed to the man as Israfil trotted past with a few of their suitcases.
"You'll figure it out, J." She chuckled, "Get some sleep! Tomorrow's a big day," Cherry let out a meow before pelting after the woman and happily padding beside her as she walked up the few steps to the home and ducked inside. That was a weird conversation, Danjal mused to himself as he got to his feet and made his way back into the small room. Robin glanced up at him from where he sat on his bed,
He didn't need to look far, he spotted the hunter laying on the ground not far from them. His body looked lifeless as the angel raced towards him, screaming out his name. He collapsed beside the man,
Arphaxat typed, Abel let out a sigh. The thought of the other brought him a comfort he couldn't describe, he didn't understand his intense desire to be with the blonde. Just minutes ago the thought of him scared the living daylights out of Abel but seeing the message now? It was confusing.
"We're Bailey? I need to show her this," He whispered, Mishka shook her head as the nausea returned.
"No!" Donnie shouted, scrambling against the dense water and leaping for the golden necklace as it glowed below the depths of the sewer water. Cold water drenched his clothes, pooling into his overalls and filling his boots as he leapt desperately for the amulet, but it was no use. The necklace fell into the rushing water, it hit the endless pool of muck below before vanishing into it's darkness. Donnie watched with horror on his face, Israfil made his way to the other with a similar expression.
"You fought Abel, didn't you?" Callista asked, tilting her head at Ancitif with a fearful look in her gaze.
"Better return the couch," he said with a small glint of humor in his gaze, "it's got a lot of were and tear on it,"
Robin rolled his eyes, rushing his fingers through his hair. A butterfly dropped down onto his head just beside his hand, causing the woman to let out a snorting laugh.
Abel trotted over to the group, grabbing the glass out of his friend's hand and throwing himself next to Donnie and Cain. He grinned, taking the shot without a second though.
"I'm not going back," Chamuel whispered, Abel put a hand over the others and nuzzled into the touch, "I'm going to stay here...if this whole war ends, and we didn't die, I'll be with you till the end, hell! I'll be with you if the world does end! If we die, we die together,"
The pair made sure to stay close to one another until their boots sloshed as the tunnel dipped downwards before opening up to a large, underground room with a waterfall in the middle. Bailey stared around them in awe, natural light flowed down from the top she could see it was turning a soft orange as the sun started it's descent. She could spy a few more trap doors, silently wondering why there were so many and how she hadn't seen a single one.
"So what now? Head back?" Mishka asked as scrolled through her social media, making sure to tag Cain in her pictures as she went.
"Morning Sunshine, you look like shit," Sam laughed as he held a hand out to Cain who looked at it confused before grabbing it and letting himself be hoisted to his feet.
“I remember,” He growled, his skin was becoming hot to the touch. The demon had been in the building once or twice but he couldn’t remember the exact way to the exit let alone to Butch. He took another turn into a door, kicking it in and moving through what seemed to be a laboratory.
“Oh, right I’m uh, Nick Bradshaw, your sub for the day,” Chamuel lied, feeling slightly dirty at using a fake name.
"Are you supposed to be doing that?" Cain asked as he got closer, the man smiled down at him and hopped from the table.
A voice caught him off guard, he practically dropped his phone as he stared up at a dark skinned man with a broad smile. His hair curly, graying in the front. His eyes glittered with a warmth Baal couldn't place, it wasn't the pastor but he was dressed as if he were one.
"Oh yeah, his lecture on mood disorders was incredibly interesting," The angel said, the man's response surprised Cain. They chatted for a few minutes about the podcast, turning the doctors insides to fire at the excitement the blonde shared with him.
Bailey opened the door to the car, a man sat at the front with an anxious look on his tanned face. Bailey dropped into the car, settled just beside Norma's front gate. Making sure her long skirt wasn't stuck as she sat on the leather. Sam followed this action, sitting beside her and leaning into the seat. She scooted a bit closer to the other, pulling her phone out as Mishka got in the front with the man in the front.
It was a picture of a drawing, done in crayon. It looked like a superhero, with a doctor's coat on and a bright red shirt. The hair was crazy, rapid strokes from a black crayon but she saw the cowlick drawn in the front. On the top was a crudely written 'thank you doctor Cain, love Jasmine'. A smile fell to her lips as she slipped the picture frame into the inside pocket of the other blazer she still wore.
"What's going on?" Bailey asked Baal as the demon king yanked the keys off the coffee table. He turned to the small group,
Eventually both men fell silent as the medicine did it's work, the two pulling out their phones as they settled down for bed. Ever so often Chamuel would come across a picture he found funny, showing it to the other causing Abel to do the same in return. Their laughter died into the early morning as they both fell into a comfortable sleep.
Obizuth leaned against the doctor's desk, fiddling with a pen she had snatched from the others desk. Her red hair curled, falling against her shoulders in a fashionable manner.
The night sky cast it's darkness above the pair as they drove down the long freeway, music blasting from the speakers into the twilight. The windows all rolled down allowing the wind to rush through the angel's hair, it was getting longer and shaggy! The loud pop music caused energy to burn through his veins, making him want to run for miles as he turned to his friend in the driver's seat. Donnie sang with the music which caused the angel's heart to hum! Even if Donnie couldn't sing incredibly well it was one of his favorite things to hear.
Chamuel shuffled uncomfortably in his seat, he was on the end of the couch sitting beside Abel and Mishka who were rapidly flirting more and more as the night progressed. Cham wondered what Abel and her talked about on their phone, it never occurred to him what Abel was saying to other people. Not that it mattered, right? He was a friendly man, he seemed to talk with everyone. So why was Mishka suddenly making him more uncomfortable than when she flirted with him. The only time he recalled talking to Mishka since the incident at her house was telling her that he was gay and not interested in a text... a month ago? Time felt as if it was falling around him and he couldn't keep up.
"I was so young, yet I still remember Israfil's light. When those men came up to the church he didn't question us, He told me God had plans for me, that I shouldn't stop fighting for my family,"
"Men don't cry out," he said as Cain sniffled, attempting to hold back the tears that threatened to overflow him.
"These pictures?" She held up her phone, it showed Cain and Mishka. The picture they'd taken earlier, a picture of them at the restaurant. Pictures of him with the group, with Abel. Her voice broke, tears rolled down her cheeks. They felt like acid on his skin as she screamed at him.
Sam scrolled through the pictures of the forest on his phone, "You enter any type of enemy territory you need to have weapons," Sam said, "Yeah, they want to give us the necklace back but if anything happens it's best to have more coverage than just a souped up angel and a Napoleon complex. Though I think we should avoid guns, that might be too much"
"I'm going to love watching idiots not be able to teleport," he laughed, "thankfully my abilities won't be hindered by the shitty side effects,"
"If I didn't...do what I did...he'd be okay right now," Chamuel murmured, rubbing his hands together in an attempt at self soothing.
"You talking about Chamuel...it just gets me so upset, I just don't understand why you can't just be happy with me,"
He held up the arrow, eyes narrowed as the wolf moved past the shop. He shot. The arrow zipped through the air, the wolf yelped as it whizzed by his head. Smacking into the small awning that was set up in front of a shop door. The arrow dislodged the rest of fabric making it fall delicately, landing on the werewolf who burst through it. The fabric wrapped around the wolf's front and he collapsed with a yowl.
"Cain, she's…" Abel started to say, Cain turned towards him with such rage he was nearly tossed back by it. His eyes wide, his shoulders up. He'd never seen someone so angry in his life, he took a few steps back.
A soft glow caught his attention, turning to look behind him with his eyes narrowed. A large rock stood high before him in front of a shrine. Faith was painted in the ruins, the Adinkra around her neck glowed as gold lines that moved like rivers from her outstretched arms and covered the large, carved rock. His eyes moved downward towards the small altar, a mirror had been placed in front of it. The mirror was also etched in gold, an Adinkra shone bright from the other side of the dirty glass.
“Where are we?” Sam asked, not wanting to press the issue further. The cats didn’t seem to mind Sam as he sat beside Baal who ripped what remained of the sandwich in half. Holding it out to the hunter who hesitated,
Mishka made her way up the hidden stairs, lazily running her fingers against the wall. She hadn't been into this room for a few years and silently wondered what or who could possibly be inside it. After all, the room was usually locked.
"I love you so much," She whispered to him, eyes falling to the Adinkra around his neck. It looked as if it were rusting, turning into a deep green which confused her.
"Why are you suddenly my doctor," Bailey snapped, slamming her beer down on the counter. Lightning flashing between them as Cain turned towards her with an annoyed glare on his face.
A knock on the door alerted the group, Cain shot up from his spot on the floor. He had been sleeping beside Mishka but seemed to have rolled off the bed at some point. His hair stuck out in all directions, dark rings under his eyes,
"You see my power?" He hissed as Bailey pulled her gun out, holding it up towards him. The innocent gasped and screamed as they got from their seats and collected into the back. A few attempted the door but it seemed to be locked.
"Hey...Cham," Abel whispered, the angel glanced up from his phone. His eyes brimmed with exhaustion despite the redbull that pumped through his system.
Donnie drove down the highway, Chamuel was passed out beside him. Completely asleep now, the hunter knew the angel would be out for a while if he let him sleep. Glancing at Abel in the back who was also passed out, shaking his head. Something had happened, something he missed, but he couldn’t focus on that.
"Issy, can you shoot one more.time?" Donnie shouted over the noise of the creature's gargled noises.
His long, knife like fingers extended over the hunter who starred with wide eyes. The monster went to crush him but Abel bolted at the creature, causing it to nearly fall back in surprise as its victims often froze in fear. Abel got into a slide, going under the creature's legs he scrambled back into the teachers classroom. The creature swung the mop, smashing only a few inches from Abel’s feet breaking the wood of the mop in half.
Danjal screamed in shock as Donnie jumped over the second line of cars and raced down the street, he could hear more officers coming. Robin rode on the back of the wolf with his arrow drawn, ready to shoot if need be. A police helicopter started to take chase, casting a large spotlight on the trio as they tore down the streets of New York City.
The door let out a loud, low buzzing this time. Buster and Fritz exchanged a quick high five, Fritz opened the door and held an arm out.
Sam glared at Abel for a few heartbeats, but his gaze turned soft. Just like Dean, Abel wasn’t going to be an easy one to get along with.
"Leave that to me," Donnie replied with a wide grin, he fished into his pocket. Pulling out a small screwdriver that was attached to the van keys. Shoving it into the lock, he twisted it a few times with ease. The door let out a soft click, Donnie shoved it open with a grin.
Donnie nodded, Abel didn't argue. Something was wrong but he didn't have the knowledge to know what,
A chill rolled over the bar, the music continued to play but it was as if everyone's attention was suddenly on the conversation at hand. Everyone whispered to one another at this.
The two sat in the diner for the entire film, both enjoying their food as it came as well as sharing a dessert to stall out the need to leave before the movie ended. Abel telling Chamuel facts about the movie every so often, the hunter visibly excited to be sharing with the Angel who listened with a warm smile on his features. He could have listened to the man talk about it for hours!
He snatched both up with a sigh of relief, turning towards the group with a wide grin. Cain also seemed to have found his phone, plucking it off the lone coffee table.
Sam chuckled, feeling his face heat up, "Uh, it's...actually Dean's," He said quietly. Rubbing the back of his head, placing his hands on his hips as he started to explain. Using one hand to gesture into the air as he spoke.
"Hey!" Danjal shouted, his voice boomed around them as he pounded the bottom of his large glass of beer on the table. The group fell silent, all eyes moving to the short, scrawny demon with the lizard on his shoulder.
"Yeah," He said simply, he didn't try to fake a smile. He didn't attempt to make a joke. He just looked out the window, refusing to turn his gaze towards his friend.
"Yeah well, I've been studying to find ways to talk longer. It seems we can only talk for maybe five minutes every few hours,"
Sam shook his head, running his fingers through his hair. Feeling his hair grey just from the conversation he was having with the duo.
"I know, Don," Abel whispered, Donnie felt as if his heart  had been torn out all over again. He choked back a sob, putting a hand over his mouth as the tears stained the floor of the van.
"Did you see? I'm a king!" Bailey said with her head up high despite the ominous feeling that they were somehow being watched.
"Maybe Chamuel is trying to get you...oh no," Arphaxat covered his mouth, "What if," He leaped up in an animated fashion, holding out a hand for Abel who took it and was hoisted up.
Everyone paused, glancing at Mishka who was crying now. Rubbing her eyes with the back of her oversized hoodie, Abel eyes the college name on the front.
"This is so cool!" She beamed, "do you really think the prophecy is on here?" She asked, placing the painting down on the large counter. Baal pushed some of the food aside to make more room, racing a hand over the bumpy canvas.
"Robin," he whispered, reaching forward and running his fingers softly through the others' hair. He froze. He only ever did that for his past girlfriends, what was wrong with him?
Baal glanced up from his phone, "Yeah, it might bring too much attention to us too, can you imagine them reporters finding out the supposed Jesus broke into an important man's home?"
He heard another scream from the creature, Abel turned towards the noise and brought the bat down. He could just make out it's form as it bore down on him. The bat raced through the creature causing it to scream in agony and vanish just inches from his face. He could feel the cold wisps of its vapor cool his cheeks.
"Donnie," Vanilla whispered, his brothers and sister sitting behind him. Rubbing his back as he screamed from the loss of the other,
"If you're lying to me, Cain," She hissed, he felt the pain again as she smacked him a few times over the head.
"And this is all I need," she whispered, the dark, sludge like substance that ate the man's skin bubbled up hungrily. She dropped it into his open chest, the blackness circled the amulet. It sang out in terror as if the Adinkra was alive before the golden color turned black. The dark sludge shuttered, it glowed with power now. The only thing left it had needed was the grace of an archangel.
“Yeah, like, you picked the body? You had the choice to pick any person and you picked a math teacher,”
"Let's head back to the car," She replied simply as her mind worked overtime to figure out what everything meant, shoving the paper into her pocket.
Slowly the neutral look turned to that of horror as the texts continued onward. His jaw practically dropped, how could Abel ever believe he'd even think anything like this,
"Is it due to the angel? Maybe the two already figured out Faith's plans." His voice was deep, yet it had a small buzz to it.
"Cham, rooms on the right, I got the left," he said as they came to the next floor, turning to the doors. He started to slam a fist into the wood, some of the doors fell open showing the innocent had already escaped that room.
“We’ll come back,” Chamuel said, the two men slowly made for the door. Chamuel went much slower than normal but keeping up the best he could. Both men bolted from the home and to their truck, Chamuel hardly made it into his seat before Abel tore out of the driveway and down the street.
The angel of music charged out the broken door and into the streets to find the wolf. His mind only on one thing, find Donnie.
"Alright!" The man said from the front as he pulled into the parking lot of the large, blue store. It towered high in the cloudy skies above, Bailey stepped out of the car and glanced around her. The clouds above looked angry, dark, a chill raced against her bare legs and ruffled her long skirt.
"Is that why this town is so...empty?" Baal asked softly, she nodded at him before turning her attention back to Bailey who pulled out her phone. She scrolled through a few news reports from the tiny Town, eyes tracing over the pictures of the handfuls of missing children.
"From my experience, the bravest ones are the ones with the biggest tears in their eyes, tears, they just mean you care. You're human,"
"Don't follow me," he snapped, "I don't need you to pretend to care," Chamuel blinked in shock. He opened his jaw to reply only for the hunter to make for the stairs once more. Chamuel felt the desire to follow, despite the pain in his chest only for a hand to land on his shoulder.
"You...stopped being a dick when Robin came out," Merlin whispered, "that's why we broke up, because I wasn't good enough. I wasn't Robin."
It was something the two started to do as a way to pass time, having already gone through a few books they now settled on reading another. The GPS on Chamuel's phone beeped as they entered the city of New York. Abel set the book down, looking up at the tall buildings, giant billboards and skyscrapers.
Abel stared at the other with shock in his face, he understood why the man couldn't legally have a gun now. Wondering how things ended up working out with the law but deciding against asking, he could see the story itself shook the doctor to the core.
"Might be, I'm guessing you're Bailey? Sam told me a lot about you," Dean wiggled his eyebrows at Sam, "Damn, you're right she is something else," Sam's face turned red as Bailey laughed, shoving the other playfully with a grin.
"Double tap?" Chamuel whispered, having expected Abel to say it himself but the hunter remained silent. Not even looking at the blonde.
"Get back here!" He spat, wings ripped from the man's denim jacket. They were large, the feathers a deep purple that looked almost black as he took into the air after the archer. Robin yelped in pain as the man collided with him, grabbing him and throwing him to the ground. agony rolled through Robin's system as he hit the floor, leaving a large intent.
Sam and Bailey turned to look at one another and turned back to the woman. Dutch rolled her fingers through her long, shaggy hair
"Look at this badass! She's probably the alpha!!" He laughed, she looked shocked for a few heartbeats. Rolling her fingers through her shaggy hair, her voice held a light Hispanic accent as she spoke.
"Boys!" Norma sang as she hopped back in, "I am going to head to bed, Dinner's ready! Help yourselves," she walked over a few of the corpses on her floor, the bottom of her apron falling into the blood of the dead. Humming to herself as she went before making way up the stairs and into one of the rooms that Mammon had broken into. Closing the door behind her without another word.
"I don't understand," Cain whispered this, taking another step back. "I...I'm supposed to be King of Kings, not you,"
"There's...gotta be a door," Abel said, giving the other an awkward smile. Cain rolled his eyes, "Come on, man up!" He said with a snort. Grabbing the next picture frame Cain pulled himself upwards towards the face of the clock. Abel shuffled uncomfortably from foot to foot as he grabbed onto the picture frames, copying the man as he climbed. The higher the men went the darker the world below seemed as if something was swallowing itself whole.
"As long as he doesn't taste human blood I can fix him," he shouted to the wind, pushing past the innocent.
"Do you even know who I am?" Cain whispered, a wind under his body started to kick up. Danjal didn't reply to him, he didn't want to know as he slammed his foot into the Earth sending a shock wave of rock at the doctor. Cain scoffed, leaping to the side. Danjal's muscles tensed as he shot forward, using the ground under him to catapult himself towards the other. Using his weight to slam into the doctor at full force, his shoulder met the other's chest but shock flooded over him. Cain had his hands out and caught the other, digging clawed feet into the dirt to prevent the man from moving him.
The creatures murmured to one another, Ancitif took the remote from Callista and turned the volume up more. Eyeing the television with narrowed eyes,
He could see Robin's sleeping form as he entered the room, the man let out a soft gasp and groaned as he rolled a few times in the bed. Danjal placed the cat on the mattress, sitting down beside the other.
Running his fingers through his long, brown locks the hunter punched in the phone number into Baal’s phone.
Sitting up from his makeshift bed on the floor. He had piled a few blankets down and a pillow, Sam snored softly from the chair. A blanket drapped over him, while Butch slept on the other couch. The house was dark, silent with sleep.
"Can't you turn into a huge, angry fire fox?" Israfil asked, he'd met a Kitsune or two in his life though it wasn't in America.
“I can’t stay,” he said quickly, walking up to Chamuel his voice falling to a whisper, “If anyone asks I was never here,”
With that the line went dead, everyone still remained silent as they pulled into the parking lot. The angel shoved past Donnie and pushed into the outside world before Bailey even came to a full stop.
"Hey!! You guys almost here?" He asked with a touch of warmth in his voice at the idea of seeing his brother.
“We can’t keep trusting people like this, It’s going to bite us in the back,” Chamuel said, trying to keep the anger out of his voice.
"What is this?" Baal asked, Hahasiah snatched the paper from the other and gasped loudly. She practically hopped where she stood, grinning wide she threw her arms around Laszlo and raced for the door. Baal and the explorer exchanged a confused look before the demon followed her out.
"But what are you doing?" Chamuel asked, but Dutch didn't answer her eyes trained on Abel who refused to look the other in the eye.
Chamuels face turned a light shade of red as anger flared through him, “Why do you have to be such a brat sometimes,”
"Well, let's get y'all hooked up than." She laughed, "It's 'bout hundred dollars a lesson per person but since y'all are our first demons we got for awhile how's about a hundred for both?" She grinned wide at Danjal, batting her eyes at him. He puffed out his chest more as she turned to snag paperwork from her office,
"Ew" Both of them said at the same time, pain shot through Buster as he was suddenly thrown against the window of the pawn shop. Rocking the television that sat inside, a pair of angry blacked out eyes glared down at the werewolf.
"You can choose to love him, or save the earth," Uriels voice broke over the haze that clouded his mind. The pain that struck in his heart made him wince inwardly.
"We gotta go," He grabbed at the bookcase, she helped him push it up just enough for her to get her leg free. Another shelf exploded beside them, she screamed in surprise. He covered her as a book smashed into his spine, letting out gasp of pain he helped get her to her feet. More books exploded from the bookshelf on the opposite end of the room, pelting him over and over as he attempted to get her to safety. The two made it to the door, it was locked.
"I'm not going up there," She heard Cain say after the silence between them, Bailey strained to hear anything else.
"Well, yeah," He chuckled, "I've been doing this a few years. Ya'know, it ain't much but…" Guilt flooded over Baal's gaze, the demon was feeling guilty, but why?
"Did you just turn for the first time?" Robin asked, the innocent around them were filming now as the demon took a few slow steps towards the terrified werewolf. The wolf glanced at him then up to the building again, he swore he heard the beat of large wings but he couldn't place it. Looking back to Robin as he tried to force himself to focus past the burning instinct.
"It was all recorded," Abel murmured, Donnie's heart sank. Did everyone and their mother watch Israfil die?
"Now, are you okay? I saw that picture," His blue eyes brimmed with worry as he looked the other over, "Are you high?"
“And as things get serious you can flip the switch, tell everyone it’s real and to use the tools they need to protect themselves,”
"Are….you doing this as a way to...make up for what you did it hell?" Sam asked, completely bewildered now. Baal shuffled uncomfortably,
"Ol' Penny doesn't like no one," She mused, clicking her tongue at one of the dogs that raced her way over to the girl. Robin chuckled, running his fingers through the other dog's fur before getting up, "Sorry," Robin whispered, Danjal shook his head at this.
“Probably, Angel’s are pretty flawed even if they say otherwise,” Chamuel snorted, “but honestly, homophobia and transphobia isn’t really something I thought about till I got here. Yaknow? I was shocked with how badly gay people were treated,”
It didn't feel exactly right, but it was a feeling. Something that wasn't Chamuel, Butch, saving the world. It was something he could escape with as Arphaxat rolled his tongue against Abel's.
"Evenin' Cain, what're we gonna do tonight?" He asked, opening the fridge door. Pulling out a soda can and popping it open, sitting beside the other at the counter.
Chamuel lost his control, he threw himself at the other like a rapid animal. Not allowing the man to finish his sentence as he plucked him easily off the ground and slamming him into the wall with such ferocity the wall crumbled slightly around him. Uriel gasped in shock at suddenly being thrown around as if he were made of nothing.
“Yeah, I am. I worked hard to be a king too. Get that extra power.” He laughed, scratching the cat beside him. “And one day, I was called to Earth, important mission from the big horns himself,”
"Keep killing those things," Abel instructed, Chamuel nodded. Catching his eye for a heart beat, Abel was exhausted he could see it. He could feel the fear and panic rising but the look on his face was stone cold.
"He...he said that I was making him feel things, like, how I can change people's emotions." Shaking his head, "but I can't make people fall in full love."
Abel shuffled from foot to foot as he thought over the situation, feeling the demon's hand on his shoulder.
Abel let out a sigh as he rolled in his bed and got to his feet, flipping the light on he grabbed his bat, slipping on his shoes and throwing on his jacket. He and Chamuel had gone to a local thrift store to load up on clothes they knew they might not be able to keep clean. There Abel had found an army green jacket, so similar to his other it was scary! Except this jacket had padding, an extra warmth to it.
Angels and demons, he never believed in them. As a child his foster mother used to tell him angels watched over him, but after he had been sent to a new house the comfort of angels seemed like a fairy tale told to orphans. Now, he wasn't just with his apparent uncle, but with an entire Angel. If this was all real, did that really mean he meant anything to this war? Uriel told him that he was meant to save them, but how? He could hardly save himself. He could feel the anxiety and fear building, Sam was speaking to them but Abel didn’t pay attention.
"And if you destroy everything in your path to protect your love for Abel, well, the world might not make it to the end. What a pity, the world's ending because an angel of the Lord couldn't stop a few people from insulting his play thing."
Abel swallowed hard, guilt flashed over him as he popped the unknown drug into his mouth. It dissolved upon impact, the taste wasn’t bad but it caused him to wince. For a heartbeat he swore, he heard a gruff, voice shout ‘no!’ but it was so quick he played it off as his imagination.
He pressed his forehead to Donnie's and rolled his hands through the others fur, Donnie shut his eyes. The mix of the weed and his friend's presence caused his body to shutter. Slowly, the fur started to vanish and his body returned to its normal state. Donnie's forehead pressed against Israfil's as he returned to his human form, groaning inwards. His pants torn but holding strong, though his shirt had been completely ripped off he didn't seem to notice.
"God is the only one keeping this place alive at this point," Morris mused, eyes down on the phone in his hand.
The words were almost exactly what he and Mishka had talked about at one point, he recalled her telling him this about his father but now he couldn't stop thinking it for his mother as well.
"Where are you going, Robin Hood? It's six am," The demon asked with a yawn as he sat up from his bed, the others stumbling around to get himself dressed woke his friend.
He pushed his way through the undergrowth until his eyes fell on the hole, it had been a long time since he'd seen it. The man was so used to just appearing whenever the demon wanted him too. He narrowed his eyes as he looked inside before leaping in, the darkness swamped over his vision until he landed on his feet. The ground felt squishy to the touch, it almost moved under him as he took a few cautious steps towards the clearing.
"Too many!" Baal yelled after a short time, blood covered the floor as more and more corpses raced after them.
"It just happened, we talked it over and planned on bringing it up but...I guess it slipped our minds,"
"I thought we were stopping by the hotel first," Chamuel felt confusion burning into his system causing Abel to look around confused too.
"Why are you out here?" Chamuel asked, the angel looked as if he'd been crying but the doctor didn't want to point it out. His heart beating against his rib cage, he felt Cherm shutter in excitement beside him.
It didn't bother him, he found himself sitting on the bench in a park. Though the demons being made aware he was reformed was what got to him, if he could steer clear of Obizuth he might be alright but if other demons decided to go at him just for being reformed it could get ugly quick!
Cain blinked a few times before looking back towards the collection of people before them. Not answering he made towards the first person, if they could just get a little information maybe they could get out of here quickly.
He felt a flash of rage, him show respect? To them? He didn't want to argue, shaking his head at the thought before sighing.
Joy exploded through the wolf as he got to his feet. Attempting to keep himself from grinning too wide but he couldn't stop it, he smiled so big it hurt his cheeks.
"It's just...this is going to get a lot harder and I don't know if I got it in me, man," He murmured, "I even lost the Chamuelt. What if I'm the reason everyone fucking dies,"
"Mishka? You have Mishka?" Anger burned through him now at the thought of such a being harming his Lionheart. Cherm laughed out loud at this, his head falling back in a dramatic fashion.
His thoughts trailed off as he spotted the Angel in the middle of the garden, inside a small white gazebo. His body leaned forward till his elbows met on the side of the white wood, a cigarette in one hand, his eyes to the stars above. The cardigan sweater folded perfectly over the man's body.  The moonlight shone on his being, for a heartbeat the doctor could see his wings bright against the cool light. His halo rimmed his blonde locks, turning his blue eyes to silver. Cain stared in shock at the feelings that exploded through him, he hesitated before making his way to the other.
"See? It'll be fine! Come on, you have to see this thing Don's making. They're these boots with magnets in them, you can walk on cars!" His voice grew excited as he spoke in an attempt to amp up the other's energy.
Robin ran as fast as his legs could take him, Danjal wasn't far behind but he didn't stop to think about that. He knew the werewolf needed help, something was tugging him towards the beast and he couldn't place his finger on what it was.
Almost a year ago he'd met the angel and in that year he'd fallen so deeply in love it scared him, he moved his hand to the other's chin before leaning forward, their foreheads touched as Donnie attempted to check boundaries but Israfil didn't move away. To the genius's surprise the angel leaned into the touch, his smile more vibrant than the lights around them.
“Well...I don’t really like talkin’ about it,” he started, Chamuel was ready to take back the question when Abel continued, “But you? I don’t think I gotta worry about you giving me shit,”
"A really big thumb," Abel agreed as he pushed out of the car and into the chilly sunlight. The home is dotted with flowers, trees, and fences. Shrugging at the angel who came around the car to meet him.
Lightning stabbed at the sky above, thunder rumbled after as the storm raced onward. The two made it to the town, neither speaking as they anticipated what would be to come. Yet, the town seemed to be busy. A few people running with hoods up, the shops opened, the world alive in the small town. Abel was expecting the place to be in ruins at this point but then again, he wasn’t sure what the sludge did to humans.
"--the darkness is growing, though we know little about it we've been able to evacuate those who live near it for now. We have reports of a group attempting to stop this so-called 'darkness' but so far we haven't heard from them since their original announcement."
"Oh yeah? Shoot!" Abel chuckled, Chamuel leaned forward to listen to what the other had to say. Letting his chin rest on the back of the chair, Abel held the phone up and turned the speaker on.
The three sat down, Abel seemed to be feeling better as he explained who they were and what they did. Though his leg bounced lightly as if he had too much anxious energy flowing in his veins.
“We got Hulu too,” Chamuel added as the three made for the house. Abel grinned at his friends, the lonely feeling that sat in his heart like a thorn lifted. For the first time in his life, he felt as if he belonged. He felt as though he wasn’t pretending to be someone he wasn't, yet the ever growing anxiety continued to press into his brain. Arphaxat’s words still echoed in his mind, even among the laughter and pizza ordering he couldn’t stop the voice that echoed through his skull.
"Wait!" Abel called out as the group was forced out of the home, Hahasiah stood in the doorway with narrowed eyes at the King of kings.
"At this!"  Theo shouted as he raced towards the hunter, being blown back by a giant hand of darkness that came out of Obizuths arms. She cackled as she slammed the agent into the roof with a loud bang.
Danjal came up behind the other, watching as Robin shushed the terrified wolf. Running his hands over the fabric as if petting him, the wolf seemed to calm. Breathing heavily as it laid in a slump on the cold ground. Robin started to untangle the other, making sure not to directly touch the Wolf's fur as he tugged the mix of fabric and rope from the other until he could see his face.
Abel scoffed at the man's comment, "I wouldn't reject you, you know," Arphaxat continued. "That angel of yours...pretty dumb," The man frowned, a look of horror filling his gaze.
Israfil whispered, looking around with wide eyes. He couldn't believe this was happening as the gold on the door flashed awake. The stone was pushed aside to show a woman with a bright smile. Her rich tan skin shone in the golden light, her eyes of amber burned with love. She radiated love in fact, looking at her was like looking into the sun.
"My Grace is almost gone and now you two are here," he murmured, "he must be doing the Ultimate sacrifice,"
The three continued to walk through the large, concrete encased building until they got to a set of stairs that spiraled downwards.
The air can hissed before dying in Abel's hand, shaking it a few times before looking towards the monsters. They practically smiled, jumping at Abel. Pain exploded through the man's body as he held his left arm out, catching the dog's teeth.
“Yeah I uh, was feeling a little tired,” He whispered, feeling his face burn with embarrassment, Arphaxat frowned.
"Scroll, look through every text," he demanded, "Abel this is bullshit, I'd never say that to anyone," Abel felt hot shame roll through his body as he noticed the only people Cham text was him, Mishka, Israfil and Sam. The rest were names he didn't recognize that hadn't been opened in a long while.
"What is it?" Baal asked, cranking his head to get a look at the paperwork. She tore open the fancy envelope, letting the paper scatter to the floor,
"We gonna walk?" Abel asked, Sam shook his head as he reached into the back and pulled out a small backpack. He dug through the contents before tugging out a police radio, holding it up with a grin causing Abel to snort.
Fran. The name was familiar but Danjal couldn't place it, his mind went back to the conversation Abel was having with the group a few days ago. He mentioned a name but couldn't recall it, all he could remember was daydreaming about something unimportant.
"Oh that reminds me," Jegudiel said, flicking a rubber band at Satan who didn't budge from his spot by his desk.
"What a conversation!" Norma said, placing down plates of fries, cheese quesadillas, and anything else she thought to drag out of the pantry. Brushing her hands on her apron, turning to Mishka.
"I've seen enough people to know that was a rejection," Arphaxat insistead, laying back down. Abel felt as though someone had run a knife through his heart, was it? His mind raced back to his therapy sessions back as a younger man but they seemed hazy in the beautiful light of the sun.
She held up a hand to him as his feet met the cool, dry grass. Tilting his head in confusion only for hot fire to burst from below him. He gasped in shock but it was too late, fire raced around his body, circling him.
Danjal had stopped typing all together, was it dumb to ask the man for help? He wasn't part of this, after all so why should he come? Though Danjal seemed to show a softer side towards Robin he couldn't imagine it would mean he'd come up here in the blink of an eye.
"It's cause his widdle heart is broken!" Obizuth laughed as she sauntered into the building with her phone out.
"Torture him," Mammon hissed to his friends, nodding at Robin. One of the men grabbed him and Robin reacted, it was the perfect opportunity.
"Some kind of flower," He mused, though he was curious about what it was as well. Breaker pulled his phone out, snapping a few pictures of himself in front of them while he winked at the camera. Danjal gasped, pushing himself against his friend to join in on the selfies. The pair forget their mission for a few heartbeats only to be harshly reminded of the reality at the sound of a painful scream.
Sam pulled out a small bottle of sanitizer, using it quickly before getting on the back of the others bike.
"Hey, ugly little dude, you okay?" He asked, making his way to the hare. It twitched it's pink nose at the man before turning and leaping into the forest. Right through the center of the bramble and vanishing into the ever foreboding blackness.
