“Look, I had a quiet word,” Greg said. “I told them to lay off Sherlock, that that kind of shit wouldn’t fly and they should leave it alone, but I don’t think the message sank in. I mean, you must’ve seen the bruises, the amount of time you two spend together?”
Sherlock gapes at his phone. He re-reads the message. John is glad to hear from him. Before he can think about it, he sends a reply.
They made their way up an enormous staircase and Sherlock led him to a door at the end of the landing. He stood there nervously, but as John opened his mouth to ask, Sherlock huffed and swung open the door. Cautiously, John peered inside.
"It kind of is," John whispered, "you sound adorable!" Sherlock snorted, then immediately regretted it as a new wave of contortions racked his diaphragm. "You really need to be quiet now though," John continued, "because I think that's Norwood coming back."
There was a short silence during which Sherlock’s scowl got even deeper and his pout even more childish.
"Oi! Eyes up!" John laughs, giving Greg a good-natured shove away from Sherlock and tugging his arm gently to make Sherlock step closer to him.
Sherlock hummed quietly and watched John leave. He sighed and switched slides. This distraction was becoming a problem; his focus was always divided when John was present. He could work around it, but the desire for John’s proximity was troubling. Lately he’d found himself drawing closer, just craving the feeling of being near to John as he puttered about in the flat, making dinner or typing abominably slowly on his blog (which of course Sherlock would not admit to reading avidly). It had begun to be noticed more on cases, too; Sherlock had always stood too close to John anyway, but Lestrade’s raised eyebrows on Met burglary case showed just how transparent Sherlock’s behaviour was becoming. The itch to close the physical distance between them was maddening. Suddenly it wasn’t enough to simply be in the same flat, in the same room. Sherlock wanted to be closer somehow. He wanted all of John, and to give John all of him, such as it was. He wanted John to break him apart and put him back together, and he wanted to do the same for John. He had no idea what to do about these feelings and simply ignoring them seemed to be getting less and less effective.
Sherlock suddenly feels very warm. John sounds so sincere, thanking him for correcting the obvious mistakes in his notes. He’s not used to anyone reacting like this to his so-called meddling, his need to voraciously absorb every snippet of information he can about subjects that interest him. It’s a very pleasant feeling and Sherlock is worried what he’ll do when John stops being so impressed with him.
Saturday evenings are always quiet in the library, except during exam week, and even then, nobody really ventures up to the silent study spaces on the second floor. It's mostly filled with old books that only one or two of the lecturers even know exist, with the rest of the university's holdings in the sciences being stored in the much more modern and much larger library closer to campus. Sherlock hates that library; a giant glass monstrosity that sits right in between two of the university's newest buildings - the medical school and the physics, chemistry and engineering departments. That library is enormous, 11 floors of study spaces for both arts and sciences students alike, always bustling with hundreds of undergrads and some of the more popular lecturers.
John takes a step towards the violin case resting on the neatly made bed. He turns back to Sherlock with a question in his eyes. Sherlock steps towards him and reaches out to undo the clasps of the case. John sits down on the bed and watches as Sherlock carefully opens the case and raises the violin to his shoulder. He picks up his bow, tightens the horsehair and steps back. Then he closes his eyes and lets the music flow through him, from the place in his heart that will now always belong only to John.
This should’ve been anything but boring. A high stakes game with all to play for. There was a time when I would relish the opportunity. This particular game has long since lost its appeal.
John shrugs. “I’m going to move back to London too, actually,” he says, a little too casually. Despite his best efforts, a sliver of hope begins to bloom in Sherlock's chest.
“John Watson,” John said lightly, and he smiled encouragingly. Sherlock cleared his throat and reached to shake John’s hand. Sherlock’s hands were quite frankly enormous, engulfing John’s for a very brief, perfunctory greeting, but they were warm and soft and John could feel callouses on his fingertips. He made a mental note to ask about those at some point.
“So, you’ve done me. Who else…” John looks around, then indicates the student who’s just come into the coffee shop. “What about her?” he whispers in a conspiratorial tone.
"Y'know that tickles," he murmured, not opening his eyes. Sherlock frowned and began to withdraw his hand. John made a discontented noise and pouted, so Sherlock returned to lightly tracing the contours of John's face. John smiled again, a soft, delicate thing, and sighed happily.
Joy swooshes in Sherlock’s belly and he sits down on the edge of his bed, practically cradling his phone in his hand. John wants to see him again. John is at the coffee shop, waiting for Sherlock to join him. John cannot type when his hands are cold. John’s typos are adorable.
Mycroft thinks I am depressed. He’s probably right, the git. I try to care but find it too boring and too difficult, so I give up. Mycroft sighs but for once there’s no accompanying eyeroll. I come back to myself just enough to glare at him. I know he is monitoring my actions, my visits to John’s house. He thinks I am being wilfully irrational. He’s probably right, the git. But I allow myself the indulgence, for now. I am grieving for a grieving best friend, I tell myself. No matter what transpired, John lost a wife he no longer truly loved and a child that was never his. Even I can recognise that kind of emotional trauma leaves its unseen mark.
Those shirts are unspeakably tight, so Sherlock can see every taut line and breathtaking ripple of John’s powerful physique beneath it. John’s skin is shining with sweat, his hair tousled and his eyes bright with exertion as he breathes into the cool evening air after practice. He claps each player on the shoulder as they pass, heading for the ice baths and shower rooms. Many of the team are considerably taller, broader and stronger than John but Sherlock’s gaze is fixed, mesmerised by the captain as he jokes with his teammates. John glances around as the last of the team heads inside and a broad grin breaks across his face when he spots Sherlock, watching shyly from the sidelines. He trots over and Sherlock’s mouth begins to water at the casual strength in his stride. He licks his lips at the bulge of John’s thighs in his slightly too small shorts.
"Morning, sleepyhead," John says softly, tilting Sherlock's face up to bestow a light kiss. Sherlock wiggles and snuffles, throwing his arm over John's legs and hugging them tightly. John laughs and ruffles his curls.
I try to ignore the odious man on the floor and concentrate on her. I am sure, and I move to step towards her. Human error.
John is smiling at him and Sherlock decides there is no way this evening can end now. Sherlock knows he is nothing if not selfish and he wants more, more John, more, more, more.
John is sitting across the thief, one knee pressed to the man's back. The idiot is still squirming under John's weight but he's getting nowhere with John holding his wrists pinned. Distantly I hear Lestrade's voice and John shouts in reply, before turning back to me and grinning. The thief under him protests, loudly.
John lifted himself off of Sherlock’s sticky body and Sherlock finally dared open his eyes. John’s expression was a mixture of joy, amazement and apprehension. The laughter that had threatened died away and Sherlock raised a hand to cup John’s beautiful face. He wanted that apprehension and uncertainty banished, gone for good.
It started on a normal Monday morning. Except this Monday morning wasn't the same as your normal Monday morning in the life of one John Watson, age 17. This Monday morning was the first Monday morning that John noticed. And once he'd noticed, he couldn't stop noticing.
Breathless, euphoric, they lay in the soiled sheets, still exchanging lazy, chaste kisses. It struck Sherlock how silly it should feel, covered in each other’s come, yet kissing shyly. He felt an urge to laugh, barely suppressed.
John swings one leg over my back and settles over my legs. One of his hands rests on my shoulder, his weight pressing pleasantly down on me. His other hand pushes into my hair as he leans forward to brush his nose through the curls at my ear.
Sherlock was not at all prepared for the rush of warmth, comfort and affection which flooded through him at the sight of John nestled in his bed. It just looked...right. Like John belonged there. His face was relaxed and the sheets moved gently with each soft breath. John had curled onto his right side on the bed, leaving space behind him for Sherlock to crawl in and wrap himself around John, stroke John’s hair and kiss the back of his neck, and John would smile in his sleep and roll towards Sherlock and -
A look of open hostility passed between the two brothers and John hastily stuffed his hands in the pockets of his hoodie. He waited for what seemed like an age as some kind of frosty, wordless battle was fought over his head. Finally, Sherlock seemed to give in.
He’s ruined this. Somehow, he’s ruined this and now John will leave. John will leave and this will be all Sherlock ever has. "Hold that thought," John mutters, getting up off the bed again.
"What are you doing?" I try to snap. The effect is somewhat ruined by the moan that escapes my mouth when John shifts against me. His voice is low and his breath hot against my skin as he speaks.
He knows better than to hope. But he can't help it if his heart flutters just a tiny bit, the wish more tempting than all the lemon cakes in Mrs Hudson's fridge.
It was to be the first of many visits to that stupidly big house. They stopped visiting the library altogether, preferring to study in Sherlock’s bedroom instead. John learned that Sherlock played the violin beautifully, taking great satisfaction in the smile and flush on his face when John praised his music. Sherlock was also planning to go to uni in London; he had a distant relative with an empty flat right in the city centre, which she’d agreed to rent to him. John expressed his excitement about uni in London too, secretly thrilled that they’d be studying in the same city.
There was another rumour that Sherlock was shagging Molly Hooper, the pretty girl Mike had had a crush on for ages but was too chicken to do anything about. John didn't think that one was true either, mostly because Sherlock barely seemed to notice Molly's attentions at all.
Is John here, she asks. I fumble at first but I confirm. I regain my confidence. I can help, whatever is happening here, I can help, and I will. I will do anything and everything in my power because I have to, I have to make sure that everything that came before was not purposeless. That there still is a point.
John, my John, is broken. I broke him. She broke him. I'm not sure which of us was worse. My actions, however stupid and reckless, were solely designed to ensure his happiness. Hers, her own. At least in that regard I think I won out.
"There," John proclaims. Sherlock looks down. There, stuck to his shirt over his heart, is a post-it note.
"Will Huddleston," he says warmly. Sherlock takes his hand and shakes it briefly. Will is still smiling as he drops Sherlock's hand and sits down beside him. Sherlock surreptitiously sweeps his gaze over Will's tall form, slouched on the bench next to him.
Sherlock just has time to blush at the praise when John's mouth meets his. The kiss is soft, just a simple pressure of John's lips, but it sets Sherlock's veins alight and sends a hot pulse of arousal to his groin. He hears a moan as John deepens the kiss, his tongue swiping across Sherlock's lips, gently demanding entry. He dimly realises the sound came from his own mouth but he can't bring himself to care when John's tongue brushes against his for the first time. John's thumb is stroking his cheek as his other hand moves down to his open collar, tracing the line of his throat. Every touch to his skin makes Sherlock's heart skitter.
Over the next few days Sherlock is absolutely not looking out for a reply from the desk messer. Nor he is disappointed when no reply appears. He is however glad that his chosen desk is no longer subject to the whims of a sloppy-eating sporty medical student failing a simple chemistry module.
Greg winks at Sherlock as John huffs a mild protest, and when Sherlock turns to glance at him John's blushing just a little, the tips of his ears turning a pleasantly warm pink.
John squeezes Sherlock's fingers, an attempt at reassurance, as they walk down the dark tunnel and into the bright fluorescent lights if the changing rooms. Sherlock can hear the showers running, wild laughter and the general chaos of the team washing up and getting ready to leave. He's still nervous but if John wants him to meet his team, meet John's team he shall.
"Pity you didn't go join him," muses a soft voice to Sherlock's right. He startles out of his John-arse daydream to see one of the other players smiling down at him. The locker room is clearing now, most of the team heading home, leaving just Sherlock and this player. Also clad in only a towel, he sticks out his hand in greeting.
“Hey, you ok?” John asks, his hand reaching out towards Sherlock. Sherlock wants nothing more than to take that so easily offered hand and rub his cheek into the palm, feeling the heat from John’s mug and the caress of John’s skin against his own. He just barely manages to control the urge. That would be beyond mortifying in the middle of Molly’s coffee shop.
He has no idea how long he plays for, he just lets each note move into the next as he tries to put into words how much John has come to mean to him in such a short time. The piece moves from shy and hesitant, to bold and thrilling, to soft and melancholy, to sweet and timid. It's unique, and Sherlock knows that even if asked he could never express this the same way again.
"Nice place, this," he says conversationally, "I've been here a couple of times but only with the lads. They like their fancy coffee but I don't normally indulge, myself."
Sherlock had apparently had plenty of offers but had turned them all down. Irene Adler had supposedly asked him out one day. He'd politely but firmly declined. At least, that was one version. The more salacious version was that Sherlock and Irene had hooked up her room one weekend but she'd kicked him out when he couldn't get her off. John didn't think that version was true, but it didn't stop the hot spike of jealousy he felt whenever he spotted Irene's neat bun in the canteen at lunchtime.
“It was gross!” Phil was saying. “You should’ve seen the way that freak was leering at John! And John didn’t have a damn clue!” At the sound of his name, John took the risk of sneaking a peek through the door. The boys were gathered around Phil, all pulling faces of disgust as they talked about Sherlock.
“Same time tomorrow?” John gasped, dropping his bag and upending his rugby kit all over the floor. He cursed and bent down to retrieve it.
John snorted and pushed Greg’s hand away from his face. “Nothing, nothing I’d care to tell you morons about, anyway,” he laughed, watching Greg’s mock pout droop even further down his face.
Sherlock glanced up at the sound of the front door slamming. He closed his eyes and counted. 15, 16, 17… John stepped into the flat looking mildly the worse for wear. Four, no five pints with Lestrade; soggy, disappointing chips for tea, walked home in the rain (why doesn’t he ever carry an umbrella?), cold, but seems fairly contented.
“Sherlock,” John growled warningly as he sat up. “Not in the mood right now.” Sherlock swallowed and ignored the flare of heat in his belly at John’s gruff voice, pulling harder on the duvet and striding off with it towards his bedroom. He heard John sigh and pull back, making him stumble. Sherlock let go with a huff and placed his hands on his hips, posture impatient. John smirked at him.
“John!” John growled in his ear and Sherlock’s cries of pleasure grew louder and breathier, his voice unsteady. A litany of “yes” and “oh” and “John” rushed from his mouth as John stroked him hard and fast, rutting against his bare backside in time with his fist on Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock turned his head, desperate to kiss John, but he couldn’t reach. He huffed in frustration, wanting to roll over, but unwilling to lose the feeling of John’s hot cock sliding over his cheeks. John’s rhythm was faltering and he growled again before letting go of Sherlock’s prick to roll him over.
He pouted a bit but John just raised an eyebrow and stared back at him. Jerking his head towards the bedside table, Sherlock muttered "Top drawer."
"Oh God," John is moaning, and Sherlock has to stop for a second and close his eyes as the feelings surrounding him edge dangerously close to overwhelming. The last thing he wants is to come in his pants before John even gets near touching him!
"Whoa, sorry mate!" The lad says, taking Sherlock's elbow in a firm grip as he juggles his bag, cup and phone. Sherlock manages not to spill or drop anything and opens his mouth to tear a verbal strip from the group for blocking the doorway. He freezes when he sees deep blue eyes, a scruffy dishwater blonde fringe and a warm smile on the face of the boy holding his elbow.
The desk is covered in crumbs, wrappers, an empty water bottle, crumpled bits of paper, and a chewed pen lid or two. Scowling at this invasion of his space, Sherlock irritatedly sweeps the detritus from the desk into a nearby bin. He drops his bag on the floor beside the chair and draws out his laptop, determined to concentrate on his notes. Despite himself he can't help gathering information on this interloper who's made such a mess and carelessly left it behind for him to find. Sweet tooth, that's obvious from the wrappers and biscuit crumbs (sloppy eater, ew), stressed out despite it being only the third week of the semester (chewed pen lids), clearly plays sports (water bottle), medic in their final year (going by the crumpled notes).
"You're so beautiful, let me show them, love, please?" John murmurs. "I want to show them how gorgeous you are when you come, I want to make you come in my mouth, love. Say I can, say I can suck you Sherlock, please love?"
Sherlock looked back into the sitting room and assessed the sofa with a critical eye. He could spend many an hour reclined on the leather cushions, but the creaky old frame and lumpy stuffing would wreak havoc on John’s bad shoulder. Unacceptable.
"Sure that's all it is?" Lestrade asks, stifling laughter. "I don't think I've ever seen his face go quite that goofy, you know!" He snaps his cuffs on the thief and turns to take him outside. "It's rather adorable," he adds thoughtfully.
Sherlock hung up and tossed the phone carelessly onto the coffee table, where it promptly clattered off and onto the floor. John felt he’d seen enough.
'How'd you know I'm not just drinking the good stuff in a cafeteria cup? Gotta collect those loyalty stamps and get my free cup of horse piss somehow ;)'
He gets more done than he thought he would without the distraction caused by crumbs everywhere. He manages to navigate another encounter with John Watson in the coffee shop with minimal fuss (if by minimal fuss one means darting out of the shop as fast as possible while avoiding all eye contact). Their paths have hardly crossed in almost three years but now it seems they can hardly miss one another. Sherlock is puzzled by this but resolves to ignore any odd fluttering his stomach may do in John Watson's presence. If he simply never looks at John, he can avoid any peculiar feelings caused by that brilliantly warm smile. Crumbs on his desk are one distraction, he has successfully handled, John Watson's smile is quite another.
There was a request for an epilogue and this story wouldn't leave me alone so here it is. Hope you like.
Sherlock smiles, then catches himself. He thinks for a moment, biting his lip. Then he gets out his post it notes and scribbles something down before he can second-guess himself.
"Yeah, I was going to," John replies, grinning again. "Was wondering if you'd show me where to get good coffee around here. I was hoping, actually," he finishes, suddenly looking a little shy. Sherlock furrows his brow - why on earth would John be shy?! Naturally John misinterprets his expression.
The next few weeks passed quickly. John slowly made progress in his coursework (Sherlock’s breakneck speed and impatience notwithstanding),and John found himself becoming increasingly warm towards the irascible chemistry nerd. Sherlock’s enthusiasm for the subject was infectious; the light in his eyes as he explained complex equations, hands waving in front of his face, talking so quickly so as to forget to take the occasional breath. All too often John realised he had lost the thread completely, too captivated simply watching Sherlock.
The first touch of his lips on my backside makes me gasp in surprise, but I quickly lose any and all capacity for intelligent thought as his mouth trails kisses and licks and nips down the curve of my left cheek. I cry out and grind uncontrollably into the sheets when he swipes his tongue down my crease, tickling at my entrance as he goes. I feel him smile and chuckle into my flesh. I shudder as his strong fingers knead the curves of my bottom gently. John hums softly.
He tugs lightly and I go. I fall into him, his embrace sure and steady. He always is. He says nothing and I am glad of it. There is nothing I want to hear right now. He pulls me away from the window and back to bed, tucking my limbs under the covers, always touching me, always silent. He wraps himself around me and holds me close to his warmth.
Sherlock struggled to stand perfectly still and silent as their suspect entered the office and sat down at the desk. John shifted minutely and suddenly Sherlock became all too aware of how closely together they were standing. Not that there was much space inside in which the cupboard they'd hastily chosen to hide themselves, but Sherlock could smell John's shampoo from where he was. If he tilted his head just... down a bit... just so. He inhaled gently, letting the warm, soothing fragrance fill his nostrils. The proximity of John's body was both calming and maddening, simultaneously making Sherlock feel grounded and light-headed. He angled his lower body away from John as best he could, to disguise that absolutely nothing was happening down there, and subtly inhaled again-
"Greg is a competitive bastard, and he's fancied Will for ages. Sounds like they're having a good time, doesn't it?"
"So," Sherlock repeats quietly, voice full of wonder and no small amount of puzzlement. John just gives a happy laugh and settles down again. He nuzzles Sherlock's cheek and Sherlock decides that yes, he has actually died. This is what heaven would be like, of course. The feeling lasts until John suddenly pulls away again and leans up on his arm to look down into Sherlock's face. His expression is somehow sheepish, shy and hopeful all at once. Sherlock marvels at this; how does John express so much and yet give away so little of himself at the same time, except on his own terms?!
He manages to open his eyes and look down just as John swallows every last drop of come. His knees give up and John's hands cradle his sides lovingly as he slides down the wall to land solidly on his bum on the floor. He gathers himself just enough to see John reach beneath his towel. "No, me," Sherlock mumbles, batting John's hand away and replacing it with his own. John moans Sherlock's name and comes all over his hand and the towel. Sated, he flops down to sit beside Sherlock. Sherlock closes his eyes as the pleasure finally recedes.
He strokes my cheek with such tenderness and I hear him chuckle softly, wetly. I don’t dare open my eyes for fear that this is all an illusion. He shifts and I feel him come closer. The first brush of his lips to mine is tentative and fleeting.
“There’s always next time,” he replied. John gasped and Sherlock cursed his loose lips. Hurriedly, he tried to recover. “That is...I mean...I…”
Sherlock spots it immediately. No crumbs this time, but there is a note. He glances around in case anyone is watching him but there's no-one on this floor, as usual. Trying to seem nonchalant, Sherlock sits down and carefully opens the note.
“What?” Vic asked, frowning. Seb just smirked and looked away towards the other side of the canteen, where Molly and her friends were sitting.
John's laugh is self-deprecating but utterly charming. "Well I was going to leave one more note about that coffee," John tells him, "but seeing as you're here..."
When he finally finishes, the last tender vibrato fading from the air, he opens his eyes. John is looking at him with such wonder, eyes sparkling and oddly wet. John blinks and Sherlock is horrified to see tears fall down John's lovely cheeks. John sees him noticing and flushes, his head dropping into his hands. Sherlock panics and fumbles with his violin, hurriedly stuffing it back into the case then dropping to his knees in front of John.
“Great deduction,” John huffed humorlessly. Sherlock sighed, and they sat at the kitchen table in silence for a moment.
John breaks the kiss and trails his fingers down Sherlock's chest, playing with the buttons of his shirt as he presses feather-light kisses to Sherlock's neck. His kisses leave a trail up to the inexplicably sensitive spot behind Sherlock's ear that Sherlock is sure will be visible for weeks. John is murmuring something against his neck and Sherlock struggles to make his brain focus enough to hear what John is saying.
“Like that, then?” John murmured. He leaned in a pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock hummed delightedly and reached up to tangle his huge hands in John’s jumper. John deepened the kiss but it somehow never lost its tenderness. Gently, they parted, both smiling besottedly.
"Sit yourself here, I'll grab a quick shower and then I'm taking you to dinner. And you're going to eat," John says, wagging his finger in mock sternness. Sherlock rolls his eyes but allows John a small smile and does as he's told. John grins at him, drops a quick kiss to his hair and heads off for his shower.
John was pondering this very thing as he packed up his kit after practice one Tuesday afternoon. He hadn’t seen Sherlock all day and their next chemistry tutoring session (which had slowly become a little bit of studying then just relaxed hanging out together, talking about all kinds of things - including bees) wasn’t til Thursday. He was leaving the changing rooms, thinking about just turning up at Sherlock’s house, just to check in on him, when Greg caught his arm.
Sherlock strolls into the library with an air of indifference, nodding in greeting to Mrs Hudson who rolls her eyes affectionately at him. He ignores her chirpy giggling and knowing smile, instead making straight for the stairs and his favourite study spot. His heart is already racing and he sits down slowly, carefully taking out his laptop and forcing himself to calm. He loses himself in his work for an hour or so before remembering the plan.
Cautiously, Sherlock lay down, a long way from sleep but unwilling to give up the opportunity to observe John. He settled in and listened to John’s steady breathing. The light from the streetlamps spilled through the gap in the heavy curtains, the only illumination in the dark room. John sighed and shifted beneath the covers. Sherlock fought the urge to wrap himself around John;s sleeping form and rolled over to face away from temptation. Despite himself, he found his eyes drifting closed as the regular breaths behind him soothed in their gentle rhythm. He was soon deeply asleep.
John laughs and shakes his head. For a moment Sherlock panics that he’s ruined this already but then he sees the warmth in John’s smile.
John grinned at him and dropped his bag on the floor beside the ridiculously large bed. He sat down and smoothed the fancy sheets with one palm. “Right, where do we start then? Chapter 5?”
I pluck listlessly at my violin and ignore Mrs Hudson’s constant fussing. She sees far too much, that woman. She knows I am having nightmares and have been forcing myself past my limits until I slump over at the kitchen table. She’s recommended many things to help, all of which I know are pointless and won’t work. There is only one way to soothe my mind and I do not wish to invite that particular demon round for an extended visit.
I make soft noises and he shushes me, breathing his love into my skin as he kisses and touches and strokes. I shake and tremble in his arms and he murmurs in my ear, his voice soothing the jagged peaks and broken shattered edges in my mind.
"I'll be over to check you in a minute, Sherlock. Just stay still, ok? Can't believe you let him thwack you, you tit," John says warmly, twisting his grip on the thief's wrists and causing him to yelp. I think I'm grinning back at John but my mind still feels a little like treacle. I hate blows to the head.
John's wearing only a towel too, standing beside Greg. Will gets up to join them. All... all barely dressed... in only towels. Sherlock swallows. Hard.
“I see,” said Sherlock, watching as John bent down to undo his laces and toe off his shoes. John humphed under his breath and shed his jumper. Sherlock’s mouth began to water and he hurriedly glanced away. Plain white t-shirts did not usually cause that reaction, but plain white t-shirts stretched pleasantly over John’s broad, sturdy chest certainly did.
Confidence building as the burn gave way to pure pleasure, Sherlock leaned forward to rest his hands on John's shoulders and began to move in earnest. The drag of John's cock inside him caused hot shivers to break out all over his skin. Distantly he was aware of the noises he was making and he bit into his lip to stifle them.
Leaning against a wall away from the main street, Sherlock regains control of his ability to perambulate. He pushes off the wall, shaking dust from his coat, and strides purposefully towards the restaurant. He is going to be a perfect date for John Watson.
He slowly closes his eyes and lowers his mouth to meet mine. I am set aflame instantly by the feeling of his lips. John is kissing me. My John. He smiles against my mouth and I feel it to the tips of my toes.
John trudged home, the heat of the July day soaking into him and making him even more irritable. To say it hadn’t been the best of days was severely understating matters. He’d gotten a locum shift in the A&E and spent most of his non-patient time watching the news with the other doctors.
I look at the now dark house. I know I shouldn't be here. I know he knows I'm here. He knows I know he knows I'm here.
Tearing himself away from the distraction of John in his bed, Sherlock went back to his slides in the kitchen. Focus, he told himself, as a restful quiet settled over the flat once more. But focus was elusive and when it did come it was turned only on the man currently dozing in Sherlock's’ bed. He found himself wondering how John looked in sleep; was he stretched out on his back, or curled on his side? Was he warm enough, or cool enough? What did that marvelously expressive face look like as he slumbered?
“Yes I can,” Sherlock argues. John gestures for him to elaborate. “Left thumb,” Sherlock says, lips quirking into a half-smile.
The silence between them dragged out as Sherlock froze, blinking rapidly. John put down the peas and was reaching for Sherlock’s arm to shake him when Sherlock inhaled sharply and the stiffness in his posture relaxed minutely. John quickly retracted his hand, just in case.
"John?" he asks quietly, unsure what he did wrong. "I-I'm sorry," Sherlock says, wanting to reach out and just touch John, to offer comfort or apologise or whatever John needs. John's head snaps up and he lets out a wet laugh.
Sherlock had realised too late just how deeply his feelings for John ran. So many things unsaid and, he could see now, both of them shying away from taking a step which they had thought could jeopardise their friendship. Why risk everything? They had been such cowards, so afraid of losing what they had had that they tried to be content with just a little, denying themselves what they had truly wanted. And now... Now it was all there. John was waiting for him in what had in only a short time become their bed.
I shrug and go back to my violin. His phone trills in his pocket and he retrieves it, not looking at me. I watch him as he reads whatever message he received and then without another word he stands, hooks his umbrella over his arm and turns to leave.
He eventually falls asleep, his hands steepled beneath his chin, still in his coat, the goofy smile back on his face.
For a moment Sherlock was silent. Then John could see the walls coming back up in his eyes. Oh no, no no no, he thought. Sherlock raised his chin in a haughty manner. John wondered fleetingly if he knew how much like his brother he looked when he did that, then instantly resolved never to tell him so.
He belatedly realised he was supposed to be paying attention to isotopes and he tore his eyes away from that enticing mop of curls and back to his textbook. He ignored Mike's elbow in his ribs and tried to concentrate, but his eyes kept wandering back to the curly head in front of him. The rest of the class passed in something of a blur and before he knew it, John was being shuffled out of the chemistry lab and towards his French class. He laughed at Mike's good natured ribbing about his lack of attention, throwing an elbow as they jostled briefly in the hallway.
The average response time of a London ambulance is eight minutes. Feels a lot longer when you’ve ripped stitches out of a bullet wound in the centre of your chest, you’re bleeding internally and you’re gripping for dear life onto your best friend’s arm, begging him without voice. Begging him to do what exactly? At that moment I’m not sure even I was precisely sure. But it worked. Mostly.
So far Mike and Greg were the only ones John thought had noticed, and neither of them had said anything outright. John hadn't expected them to, but was grateful that he wasn't being forced to explicitly state it out loud. He could say it to himself in his head though. Yes, he fancied boys too. He wondered what that meant, that he liked both boys and girls in that way. He wondered if there were any other boys at school who felt like that. He wondered if there were any boys at school who were gay. Statistically there must be, but who? He wondered if Sherlock could maybe possibly perhaps be... Like that? He wondered, and somewhere along the line wondering turned to hoping.
He finally managed to catch the boy's name after a couple of weeks and it was as posh as he'd thought. William Sherlock Scott Holmes. Sherlock, as John had taken to calling him in his head (anything was better than "curls" and William somehow just didn't feel right), was utterly brilliant. Unfortunately he was also something of an utter arsehole. He routinely corrected Dr Bradstreet and when he wasn't complaining about the idiocy of his classmates, John included, he was doing his own thing with the experiments they'd been assigned. And that was when he did actually attend class, his absences causing Dr Bradstreet to sigh almost as much as his appearances. Secretly John thought Sherlock was quite right about them all being idiots in comparison, though he didn't care much for Sherlock's flagrant disregard of the truancy rules.
It's curious, Sherlock thinks, that John would choose to smile at him. Granted, John is friendly with everyone but he surely must know of Sherlock's reputation as a cold, acerbic arsehole. The only person they have in common is Mike Stamford, who, while he is wonderfully kind, is under no illusions of just how much of a freak Sherlock is. Mike would surely have told John about that thing with the beakers and the professor's blouse. And the time with the acid and the ostrich egg. And the- yes alright, Sherlock snaps at his own mind. There may not have been any explosions at university but Sherlock has certainly made an impression on the academic staff. Not necessarily a positive one.
As he rounded the corner to the changing rooms, John heard voices and harsh laughter. Remembering what Mike and Greg had told him, he crept towards the open door to listen in. He heard Phil’s voice first.
Sherlock nodded, speechless for once, until John chuckled and took pity on him, closing the gap and kissing him, his touch full of promise. They parted again and John flopped down with a wince. Sherlock frowned; the whole point of John being in his bed in the first place had been to avoid hurting his shoulder! Heat, heat would help sooth John’s aching muscles. And they could both do with getting cleaned up.
We lie there silent for a few moments then John gets up. He disappears from the room. I clamp down fiercely on the panic and cold dread that rises up within me and force myself to calm. Just once, then. Just one experience. Even if that is all I shall ever have of him, I will never regret a single second. I will recall his murmurs, the feel of his kisses, the warmth of his touch, in every atom of my being for the remainder of my days, and I will be glad of it. I, for once, will not take that which is not given. The memory of his 'love' will sustain me.
“No,” Sherlock replied casually, “but then under tables isn’t the best place for that sort of thing anyway. Is it? Perhaps you ought to be more careful when you’re using the janitor’s cupboard to cheat on your girlfriend, hmm? Polly? Holly?” Sherlock turned to John.
“Can’t have been Vic, he doesn’t do physical confrontation well, just snide, hurtful remarks. Could be Phil but he’s unlikely to have swung for the face, he’s pretty cowardly. That leaves Carl, I suppose, but I still don’t understand why!” John looked up at the sharpness in Sherlock’s voice.
The bed bounced a little a John threw himself across the mattress, wrapping his body around Sherlock once more. He was muttering something as Sherlock reached back to grasp John’s arse and pull him closer. It was too much and not enough for both of them. Hands fumbled with t-shirts and pyjama bottoms and pants and suddenly there was flesh against flesh, mingled groans, kisses in curls.
John tossed him his phone and Sherlock just about managed to grasp it, firing off a text to Lestrade before replacing it in his pocket. He frowned at his flatmate, who was grinning devilishly from where he perched on the desk at which Norwood had been sitting.
“No!” Sherlock cried, “John! Don’t-” John was pulling away, embarrassed. But he must want...must feel something? Please, Sherlock thought. He cleared his throat.
John clenched his fists and suddenly became aware of a shift in the room. He was definitely outnumbered; Seb was backing off but Phil and Carl were itching to start a fight alongside Vic.
It must be difficult, he thought absently, to start a new school so close to finishing and going off to uni. He couldn't imagine what it would be like, coming into a year group where everyone had pretty much grown up together and knew each other. Still, someone should make the effort to welcome the new boy. John liked to think he would've done it, if he hadn't been so busy. He had a lot on his plate this term what with playing rugby and studying to get the marks he'd need for medical school, not to mention his part-time job, his chores and looking after Mum. And Harry, sort of. Which reminded him, he'd have to take the glass bottles that had accumulated over the weekend to the recycling point at the back of Tesco one night this week.
"Can I take your order now?" the waiter says in a bored tone. John tilts his head and Sherlock picks something completely at random from the menu he memorised when John first suggested this date. Sherlock has no idea what he just said. This is going to become a problem, he thinks. John smiles and, not looking away from Sherlock, orders the same.
I sigh and blow another mist of smoke up, up and away. My hand drops to my side and meets another. I close my eyes. John takes away the half-finished cigarette and extinguishes it on the window ledge. His fingers wind into my hair and stroke gently. He cradles my skull and with his other hand he reaches over me and takes my hand. Cold, I've been sitting here a while.
"I'm not your mate," Sherlock snaps. John's smile falters and Sherlock uses the moment to wrench his arm free, escape from the doorway and stride off towards the old library. That was close. For all that he is not remotely interested in the petty squabbles and gossips of his fellow students, even Sherlock couldn't fail to hear about John Watson. He's seen the rugby captain around campus a few times, although he does his best to avoid the sporting crowds. John Watson is even more devastatingly gorgeous when he smiles, and that smile had been directed at Sherlock just then. Sherlock's stomach gives a little flutter and he feels heat flush into his cheeks. Sherlock knows he could easily find himself in a whole lot of trouble if he spends any time near or with John Watson.
The walk to the coffee shop takes only a few minutes but it's long enough that Sherlock's nerves begin to resurface. It's just coffee, there's no reason for his heart to pound, his stomach to flutter, his palms to feel clammy.
I nod and he nods in return. Then he smiles, and it’s the first time I’ve seen him smile in six weeks.
Unsure of what to make of anything that had just happened, John stumbled into maths and buried himself in quadratic equations until hometime.
Sherlock gathers his things but as he lifts his books the note from the desk mess culprit flutters to the floor. Sherlock picks it up and annoyance flares once more. He crumples it and stuffs it in his bag, pulling free a note pad and tearing off a bit of paper of his own. He fishes about for a pen and when he finds one, scrawls a reply. Then he trawls the reference collection until he finds what he's looking for.
John glances down at the considerable bulges they're both sporting and grins. Sherlock decides he absolutely has to free John from his jeans, and he needs to see John's face when he comes, and he will die if he doesn’t do both of these things right now.
Sherlock answered the door with his customary “John,” then John felt warm hands cradling his face. He winced and Sherlock instantly backed off. John regretted it, but dutifully followed Sherlock to the kitchen at the latter’s instruction.
John nods in agreement. “Though I’m guessing I’m easier to entertain than you are,” he says, “with all that going on in that head of yours. Seriously though, how can you see all that about me?”
“Ah,” Seb said knowingly, and John suppressed an unbidden shiver at the sliminess of that simple syllable.
Will seems pleasant enough. Sherlock can't help but notice how his eyes sparkle a little as he tilts his head and watches Sherlock deduce him. Will smiles and Sherlock hastily looks away. There's definite heat in that look, but Sherlock has eyes only for John.
He pressed kisses into John's hair, savouring the feel of the soft strands against his lips. He reached out with one finger and slowly traced John's jaw, his cheek, his brow, the tip of his nose, watching greedily and soaking up every twitch of John's expressive face. John smiled.
Just one moment. Just one glance to satisfy his curiosity and then he could be back to pursuing his slides once more. Decision made, he quietly made his way down the hall to his bedroom and pushed open the door.
“I’m John,” he said, flashing his best smile, “Sherlock’s tutoring me in chemistry.” Mycroft didn’t say a word, and his eyes swept over John in much the same way Sherlock’s did. John decided instantly that he did not appreciate it when Mycroft did it; it somehow felt more intrusive and judgemental than Sherlock’s gaze. Sherlock was looking because he was curious, Mycroft was looking for weaknesses to exploit, John thought.
As I fall asleep I kiss him, to tell him how much I am thankful for all the time we will have together.
Sherlock moans lowly and closes his eyes. The stimulation of Greg on his knees, Will's head thrown back in ecstasy, and John whispering in his ear while he fondles Sherlock's prick is too much. Then John huffs a breath against his neck and Sherlock is almost overwhelmed by John's next words.
Their tutoring sessions continued in the library until, one afternoon, Sherlock unexpectedly announced that though his brother was home, they could study at his house that afternoon.
"John," I say, "I... I mean it too." He relaxes into my odd embrace and strokes my hair, kisses my cheek. He sighs and laughs. I chuckle into his neck where I have buried my face. We part only enough to look at each other, our arms still around one another. John's face is open and bright and I am sure my expression is insufferably soppy. Must get a handle on that.
Sherlock loves this library. As much as he hates having to type up his dissertation notes, feeling that the results of his experiments should stand for themselves, he likes coming here to pore over his work. He's not been back in a few days and he's eager to get back to it and finish so he can submit his dissertation and move on to his postgrad studies.
Sherlock pulls the now-rumpled note out of his coat and smoothes it open in his palm. There, John's words look up at him and he feels warmth spread throughout his body, as if John were standing beside him, smiling at him. He gazes adoringly at the note for a moment before snorting and catching himself. This should not be difficult. Simply text John and see if he would like to meet again, he tells himself. There. Easy.
He started with the cleansing enema recommended by the woman in the shop where he'd bought the lube; simple enough process and he wanted this to be so very good for them both. Then he showered, quietly so as not to wake John too soon. Naked and damp, he watched John sleep for a little while to calm his nerves. Ridiculous, he thought, that he should desire something so strongly and yet be anxious about actually having it. Then again, that summed up almost his entire friendship with John.
“John fancies Mary,” Seb announced, a cruel twist of his lips indicating just what kind of chance he thought John had with the most popular girl in school. His announcement was met with huffs and laughter from the rest of the team and John forced himself not to react.
Greg sighed again and Mike stepped forward. “We’re telling you this because we think some of the lads have been making life difficult for Sherlock. I heard Vic saying that he knew Sherlock from before, that Sherlock thought they were friends and that Sherlock tried to kiss him once. Vic pushed him away and… well he said he punched his faggot face, John.”
The lights go out in the window and I see John in my mind's eye, curling himself up in a chair or on the sofa. He's a soldier, he can fall asleep anywhere. Often has. Fell asleep on me once, on a train home. Years ago now, but I can still feel his weight against me, hair tickling my neck as he breathed softly into my shoulder. I remember wondering then what the warmth in my chest could possibly mean, resolving to ignore the implications. I smile at the memory, then reality crashes back in. Ruined.
John snorts in amusement and quirks an eyebrow at Sherlock.  Then he's tugging Sherlock's head down into a filthy, messy kiss of their own. Sherlock rapidly loses all sense of time as John ruthlessly plunders his mouth, licking and nipping at his lips, teasing him relentlessly. When John finally releases him Sherlock sways on his feet, dimly noticing that he's now very very hard.
“Yes, well,” he says, clearing his throat. “Of course practically everyone else is an idiot so it’s really not a fair comparison.”
“Shit, what time is it?’ John suddenly asks, grabbing his phone from his bag. “Shit, fuck, I’m late.” He looks apologetically at Sherlock, standing up and throwing on his coat. He picks up his bag and rummages for his wallet. Sherlock beats him to it, and nods at Molly who rings up their bill on her ancient till.
The boy had thick, dark hair which curled in loose ringlets around his ears and the nape of his neck. His hair was longer than most of the boys in school but not overly long. The brown waves caught the autumn sunlight as it streamed through the classroom window and John could pick out hints of auburn, gleaming gently as the boy moved his head while he read. John was mesmerised, and immediately wanted to reach out and brush his hands over the curls to see if they were as soft as they looked.
" as John sinks to his knees grabs two handfuls of Sherlock's arse, pressing his face to the tent in Sherlock's trousers. He deftly opens the zip and brings Sherlock's cock out, groaning in pleasure as he strokes him. Sherlock's knees quiver and he's trembling all over, but he somehow manages to notice that Greg has pulled back from Will and they are both watching John and Sherlock intently. Sherlock looks down, taking in the bulge in John's towel and the darkening of his eyes. John smiles at him, reaching to take one of Sherlock's hands and placing it in his hair. Sherlock smoothes his fingers through the soft silver-blonde strands, then gasps as John takes the tip of Sherlock's cock into his mouth and sets to work.
“Bit busy here!” he snapped.  Mycroft merely tilted his head at his brother, raised one eyebrow and left the room. Sherlock snorted, stood up and slammed the door. John huffed a small laugh.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock says quietly, and smiles as John frowns for a moment then relaxes. Sherlock shoves away school memories and instead occupies his mind by cataloguing the colours in John’s eyes. There are so many of them. Sherlock decides that he likes every single shade of blue in the spectrum but the lapis lazuli in John’s irises is his favourite.
I hear him speaking to John as they walk out onto the patio. Mycroft shouldn't be far behind. I surreptitiously check my watch. Late. Of all the times for him to be late. Nothing for it now.
Oh. Damn. Well. That's not entirely unexpected, but it does make keeping up his walking pace a touch more difficult. Fortunately he's well-practiced at distracting himself from the demands of his body.
Before he leaves for the lab, planning a full evening's experiments, he goes downstairs and digs in Mrs Hudson's desk for a block of post it notes. Then he sits down again for a moment, takes out a red pen and scribbles onto the person's biochem notes. He writes on his post it note: 'Congratulations. You know how to use a dictionary. You are still failing biochem though, so I have taken the liberty of correcting your mistakes. Kindly piss off'. He slams the dictionary closed, tucking the notes inside and sticking the post it on top.
Thankfully John stops his babbling by meeting his eye and smiling that wonderful smile at him. Sherlock shuts his mouth with a click. He reaches out towards the desk to pick up his things and John's smile changes from friendly to something decidedly cheekier. He slides his bum across the edge of the desk, ostensibly to move out of Sherlock's way, but actually bringing their bodies closer together. John tilts his head and openly appraises Sherlock's lean frame as Sherlock hastily gathers his laptop and notebook, shrugging into his coat. He suddenly feels incredibly warm, even though it's still mild outside and reasonably comfortable indoors.
"True, but of course he's far too gorgeous for the likes of your stumpy arse, Watson," Greg teases, his friendly tone going a long way assuaging Sherlock's worries about the team's reactions to their obviously bisexual captain.
Human error. That’s what I told John. Just a few minutes ago, in fact. That’s what I tell myself now, as the figure holding the gun turns to face me. Human error. I am fallible after all.
Twenty minutes later, John stepped out of the blisteringly hot shower and onto chilly tiles, feeling much more like his usual self. He dried off and tugged his jeans and a clean shirt on, rolling up the sleeves to his elbows and leaving the top few buttons undone. What? It was still muggy and hot in the flat, and if John wanted to leave his buttons undone he’d bloody well leave his buttons undone.
Sherlock turned away and bit his lip. This was a disaster. He had to get control again, he couldn't afford to give away just how much that kiss had meant to him. He certainly couldn't give away that it had been his very first proper kiss (Laura Lyons, his mother's friend's daughter, at age six did not count). He felt a hand on his arm as John tugged him back round.
"Okay, it's okay," she said in the same soft, placating tone. John was itching to escape now, and he glanced surreptitiously at the door. Dr Bradstreet cleared her throat.
“Sh’lock, just get in if you’re tired.” John mumbled sleepily. Sherlock’s mouth dropped open and he blinked, still frozen as John pulled back the covers and then promptly fell asleep again. Everything Sherlock hadn’t realised he wanted, here in front of him, waiting for him to lie down in bed? He couldn’t take advantage of John’s sleep-addled brain, offering nothing more than a comfortable place to rest and yet he couldn’t retreat to the kitchen or the sofa; he wouldn’t get a moment’s peace from thoughts of John.
One evening, John looks up from the monitor and sees Sherlock staring at him from his desk. Their gazes collide.
"Something exactly for you," John says, looking into the eyes of the snowstorm, even though out there was peace all around, carols and the smell of cinnamon.
But then he told himself that if women could handle it with their monthly cycles and a cocktail of hormones, they could do it too. At one time he even came up with a slightly sexist joke about it
"I've been in the military, too. Have you never seen M.A.S.H?" he reised up his glass and drank it with a nod.
It was no surprise to him. He had fairly decent deductive abilities, and John told him it wouldn't last long. He had no reason to distrust his medical judgment.
It took him a few months to actually see. It started inconspicuously, it happened against the background of everyday life, obscure cases and boring days. However, he felt that Irene had tuned something in his head to the right frequency, and now all that remained was to pick up the right signal. Of course he was there. He was there all that time… Sugar in tea. Pulling out stitches. Blog. Silence as he waited for the storm. A storm when he didn't expect anyone to stand up for him. Patience. Stability. Strength.
With any luck, he'll be drunk tonight, and he'll lie down without feeling the urge to run into the woods.
When the beautiful deep tone finally sounded, uncontrolled, free of any inhibitions and thoughts, accompanied by tremors and an almost painful grip on the palms and long fingers on his hips, John smiled within again, but revealed none of his tactics. He didn't need to brag, to show his perfection. The best evidence now breathed contentedly beside him. Instead, he whispered simply : "I love you."
High ceilings, colored windows, candles, saints made of white marble, to which human instincts are completely unknown. In front is a stylized Bethlehem with the baby Jesus and all the parade around. Virgo and child, the pattern of all innocence that even beasts worship.
However, the only thing he was interested in now was right in front of him, he took off his sweater and shirt, which separated him from the fragrant skin.
When the engine of John's mind started up again, it sent his thoughts along a completely different track. Everything he longed for now was brutal, animalistic and violent. As one of Sherlock's palms crossed his temple, ear, and down his neck, he saw a reflection of one bright blue eye behind him in the misty mirror. The pupil was dilated, so that it looked like a window into the bottomless abyss of the human mind. Where we all know that we are basically just animals.
He was lonely. He wanted to indulge in at least the illusion of being close to other people, maybe just by being greeted by someone in the square, that he could go for a beer and the bartender would know which one he liked, to put nice bloody steaks aside in the store for him ... and he had enough experience so that he doesn't endanger unsuspecting people when the time comes.
Irene sat comfortably in the wide first-class seat and smoothed her expensive Dior skirt. She looked much better in it than the black hijab. It was their last flight - from Cairo straight to London, where they were to say goodbye.
John chuckled to himself and continued flipping through the esoteric samizdat. Indeed, they were in Soho because of the case last week. Sherlock burst into the shop full of talismans, incense sticks, and Indian blankets, with the intention of wondering if a murder weapon might have come from here — a rather kitsch-decorated letter opener. As he rummaged through the rubbish, John spoke to the owner, an elderly darker-skinned woman with piercing green eyes. That's exactly how he always imagined a gypsy who could tell him the future, for example, from tea leaves. Not that he believed it.
The torn shirt fell to the ground, and the inquisitive hands returned to John's body. One touched his cock and the other ran into his hair. John exhaled, half surprised, half disapproving, but obediently turning his head back. He felt the Sherlock's half-overgrown stubble on his jaw, but he didn't dare look, preferring to be carried away by his touch.
Transformations are not pleasant matters. As you would say, John, I'm not stupid. Now ask why I'm here. "
Sherlock takes three quick steps. His mind is clear and free again. No groundwater dirt and nasty nooks. No
Sherlock followed his gaze. It was true. Death wiped out all the suffering of the last days from John's face. "He was a strange man," he agreed.
Still far ... a kilometer. Persistent steps of a tall man. John sits and listens to the ticking of the clock.
With each layer of dust, with each additional idiotic question to the world today, John's safety fuse shortened. He was beginning to suspect that it wasn't because the detective was bored. Suddenly he decided on the latter option and smiled to himself.
Domes filled with water, exotic fish instead of birds of God, sharks instead of angels. The blue darkness of hectoliters above our heads, the illusion of depth where even God cannot see.
The yellow and black hexagons of the honeycombs covered the white area of the ribs, hips, and shoulders.
At times I forgot about the real world around me, I even found myself wanting to believe that something like this could last between two beings. I wanted to believe that they were attracted by something other than a hormonal cocktail. Was I insane? Maybe. It would be a relief for me to discard all my previous experiences with the human species, my entire storehouse of disappointment. And then calmly let that naivety kill me.
It was a mischievous idea, so he preferred to keep it to himself. Unlike Sherlock, he didn't like hurting people. This did not mean, however, that his mind was always on the holy paths of innocence. Exactly opposite.
Fairy lights, turkey and pudding. Mother's warm brown dress, which always smelled of some cheap floral perfume.
"Those nicknames - I quite understand Mycroft, I've come up with countless invectives for him myself, but mine? "
He unbuttoned Sherlock's pants and slowly led him to the sofa until the detective fell on it. He undressed him and let his instincts guide him. He let his excitement sound only like tones in the background, but a real symphony, which took place on the couch below him - and also above him, behind him and finally in him.
John is not an aggressive hunter. He does not drive his prey for miles until it finally gets tired. John can wait. He can wait long hours, even years, in one particular case. During that time, he built a truly perfect system of traps.
He was going to get a lot more. He bent down and licked the sticky mass and sucked until he heard a moan and his name until he felt a bitter sweet spot on his tongue and Sherlock fell to the ground with trembling knees.
He left a towel on the bathroom floor and followed him into the living room. He already had a clue, and all he had to do was follow the uncertain path behind the animal that had just seized him. Or at least it was very cleverly pretending.
John could feel the steam rising from him. He had showered with really hot water, and now he seemed like a wrathful cartoon character. In addition to the smell of soap, he could smell the scent that still spread from Sherlock — wet fur, blood, and raw meat. Sweat.
When John heard the click of the cap of the plastic bottle, he swallowed and the last wave of sane resistance rose in him.
It didn't really take long, and the muscles in John's neck tensed as he came. Right after that, his knees shook.
“Oh for Christ's sake, John, just don't let him tell you about beekeeping, he can grind about it for hours," Jim said, walking around with a tray full of beers. In that last expression, John caught a slight hint that Jim wasn't
"Actually, yes. I know a lot of ladies from St. Andrew's who didn't want the nice beekeeper and the lonely doctor to starve at Christmas."
If that shot didn't hit the target, it could all end there. Pain, love, hope, thoughts, dreams - and there would be nothing left but the rumble of water-filled tunnels - forever.
"We're the same," the snake hissed as he penetrated him with his fingers. "We're smart - I'm a consulting detective and you're a military doctor. We're strong - we survived Moriarty. And we are addicted. You to adrenaline and me, unfortunately to drugs and to you. We're the same- "he repeated, judging that John was ready.
No, John was not so adept at deductions, he lacked an extensive conception of the world, millions of details stacked to form a coherent image, seen as by the eye of a bee. But what he did better, was to know his emotions. In his own at times he groped, as each of us, but reading other people's emotions - it was easy for him. And when it came to Sherlock - incredibly easy.
Millions of miles away, possibilities, dreams, and decisions, in a different stream of time, Sherlock rolled restlessly in his sleep.
He felt calm, composed, and thought about what it would be like to feel like this for a whole month. Apparently fine - if he was normal, by now he would have a little one, two children, medical practice somewhere in Glasgow and would be insanely happy, just like the people all around.
"Yeah, until Christmas Day. The advantage is that I'll secure myself for the rest of the winter. Then I'll crawl into my burrow and wait until spring and the bees wake up."
"So now that you've drained your excess energy, I expect you not to keep arguing about my methods of investigation," he said in his superior tone and disappeared down the hall.
"I thought we'd ask the caregiver, how the hell I was supposed to know what silly idea would be born in your crazy head again?"
The water began to boil, so he prepared a cup and a can of tea. He ruffled his blond hair with gray strands that would need to be cut, and bits of brown leaves fell on the kitchen counter. Later it will be the shower and a good sleep, but now he needed to warm his entrails.
John looks at the tall man behind the counter. He has black hair in which snow flakes are caught. They are not melting yet. His cheeks are slightly pink with cold, he´s smelling of tea, tobacco and, of course - honey. But there is still something under all this ...
It's half past two in the morning and Sherlock is falling apart. His mind crumbles to tiny pieces and he just has to wait for it to become a ruin. Gray and empty. It's cloudy in his head, it's about to endless drizzle, it's like moor. Desolate and bleak. He is bored.
"Strange, it doesn't say anything about the Capricorns being ungrateful bastards," John added with an edge of dissatisfaction
Sherlock held his breath for a second, but John didn't miss it either. He smiled as he exhaled and pulled out a small, familiar bottle. "You wanted to fuck me, didn't you, you bastard?"
It was finally over. John closed the door, frozen, with blue lips and frost behind his fingernails, along with all sorts of forest dirt. He put on sweatpants and a sweater, turned up the heating tap, and boiled the water.
He wished to continue oppose him, to present all arguments against what was happening to him right now, because there were
Nod. Next step. They are not facing each other, but if they want to, they can touch their shoulders.
That confidence. It sounded as if Sherlock had quietly survived everyone around him, the church, the village, the whole island, and the rest of the world, waiting for God to catch his breath.
Significantly, just at that moment, the stream of hard-to-recognize Christmas songs stopped, because someone sane (and probably also depressed) played Golden Brown.
Apparently there was nothing, so he just shook his head, wiped his eyes, turned, and walked out the door.
Sherlock was already behind him, running his nose over his neck. John straightened involuntarily and looked in the mirror, which was slowly fogging up again. It was easy to imagine that the creature behind him was not human… He heard a growl with his mental hearing, like a distant storm. Despite the heat in the bathroom, goosebumps ran on his arms, forearms, and ribs.
The idea is born in John's brain, and that traitor lets him harden right on the street. When a group of schoolgirls in plaid skirts walk by, he is grateful for his half-length coat.
"Really?" Sherlock raised an eyebrow and his voice dropped so deep that he could vibrate thin glasses if John had some.
"A saint who doesn't believe ..." John lifts a corner in a beastly smile. He knows very well that the title gives Sherlock a touch of vulnerability. Prey sign.
He didn't pay much attention to how Sherlock bit his fingers as he drove into him. He bit his lip at the sensation so that he could taste blood. However, he did not stop pushing and with his hand, still slippery with lubricant, gave to Sherlock the same pleasure.  They culminated after a few minutes like some teenagers, almost at once. John collapsed beside Sherlock, wiping his blood and saliva, which cluttered his shoulder blade and neck. God knows there was a lot more clutter on that couch now.
A chill ran down John's spine like a wand for a xylophone. There was no way she could write it there, he saw her inserting the receipt into a booklet.
He ran back up the stairs and opened the door he had slammed so vehemently. Sherlock turned with a piece of music in his hand, his blue robe swirled, raising an eyebrow in surprise. He wanted to object, but John was suddenly there. For a second — for a brief moment — he felt as if he had seen victory in his icy blue eyes, before being replaced by knowledge of John's intentions.
He sits in his leather armchair - a fad of design, and walks through the corners of his Mind Palace. Although exceptional, his mind is filled with the same things at such moments as millions of other minds around the world. He thinks of the bad things that have happened. He thinks of injustices. He thinks of shame. He thinks of revenge. His soul is slowly filling with poison and black smoke. The arrow of the scales deflected.
He doesn't waste time. He touches John's lips, wipes, examines ... then penetrates in them with his tongue and it´s rewarded with an inaudible sigh. John's bag falls to the ground with a thud.
He throws logs to the flame of rotting hatred and knows what could distract him. Nice little intimate murder. He liked that in the kills - that is, on the solved ones - they were always a punishment for two. The unsolved murder seemed incomplete to him, insulted his intellect, and he couldn't stand it.
. As he walked away thoughtlessly, he looked down at his ass. And when he looked up, he saw that Sherlock had noticed that.
"I think I've learned something in the field of deductions," he said in a low voice, shamelessly reaching into the pocket of Sherlock´s pants.
Only then did John allow the wolf to bite, and there, on the floor between the shards, he took what he had wanted for a whole month.
"I thought the wolf was still hungry. Hence the stupid saying of wolf hunger," he added, as if by the way, and unpacked the basket.
was the one who chose - and usually chose someone like Jim - they were shy, with big dark eyes as deer, destined to be used ...
John didn't hesitate. He ripped Sherlock´s home clothes off his bony shoulders and the sheet music fell at their feet. "What are you doing-" he managed to exhale, but John wasn't fooled. He slid his roommate onto the couch until he was surprised by the strength he found in himself. He took a breath to give the fire more oxygen inside him and walked over to him, opening the zipper. He didn't want to linger on his clothes or talk, so he just turned Sherlock on his stomach and half-pulled down his pajama pants, an integral part of his home uniform. Sherlock didn't fight back, on the contrary, he reached under the sofa mattress. Little bottle appeared in his hand. "You bastard-" John chuckled at the success of his deduction. "It took you-" Sherlock snorted into the pillow John was pressing against him before his palm covered his mouth. "That's better," John smiled, running his other hand between the exposed buttocks. With the doctor's infallibility, he found a point that made Sherlock shudder and accepted the fact with satisfaction.
When John returns from work later that evening, he finds the unusual decoration on the wall ornated with old headphones.
John was a doctor with mental health problems. Sherlock was an unbearably arrogant savior of the world.
Tousands of small pokes and malice, crooked looks, vile remarks from a human substrate that is just as smelly and unpleasant, but thanks to which this city, which he loves so much, thrives and grows. How else to repay them than with the same coin?
He didn't know why he had chosen this little town. He always liked them - villages, neat houses, gardens ... He had spent the last ten years in the big city, working in a private medical center, disappearing into the countryside for a few days a month and no one asked him anything.
He gets up and goes to his chair. John looks at him, and now in his gaze he can recognize the needy:
, the first thought flashed through John's dazed mind. He wanted to start regretting that he had succumbed so easily. However, he also learned a little about deduction.
And so, that morning, which was shamelessly sunny, and the rest of the world awaited a beautiful May day, he sat on his bed - the one he refused to give up when they moved into this country house. It absolutely did not fit into the rustic environment, but despite convictions, he fell to sentiment. It was the bed he had lost his virginity with John.
"Yeah, then you'll finally enjoy it. I wonder how high you can pull your genteel baritone until you ..."
The front door slammed shut.The steps on the stairs are tired, slow. "Oh - you don't sleep. Yeah ... not surprised. ”
John sniffs carefully. In a second, it recognizes honey from meadow flowers, cinnamon and a drop of cherry juice, then tastes it. His face twists as the sweetness of the drink almost burns his throat.
The moon was waning. John liked this time of the month, and his surroundings liked him even better. He lost sarcasm and biting humor, was more approachable and somehow more polite. More human.
For a pound, he took a ceramic capricorn and a booklet with a description of the zodiac signs. When the gypsy woman packed it for him, she got her reputation and said in a haunting evangelical voice:
He took a bottle of disinfectant and a piece of cotton wool from the cabinet behind the mirror. The stinging smell of alcohol irritated his nostrils. Sherlock was still standing in the doorway. The steam that filled the bathroom stuck a torn shirt to his chest. John looked at him.
John looks up and sees gray eyes that reflect the ridiculous Christmas lights. For a moment he forgets the last shift in the hospital. His empty stomach and the empty fridge he has at home. A can of tomato soup, bread and cheese, which he carries in a paper bag.
The tension is beginning to be felt. Smells are more pronounced, colors sharper, humor blacker. This period also has its advantages ... he watches Jim, his gaze, he feels his excitement, he knows that the bartender would like to invite him to a Christmas party at the bar. He won't dare. He's like a deer in  rut ... but it has no effect on predators.
Later that night, when John falls asleep exhausted, Sherlock licks a salty taste from his lips. His breath calms, his heart stops racing, and then he hears a muffled female sigh. He reaches into the pocket of a jacket thrown near the bed. This is the first news in months.
Sherlock closed the drawer and walked slowly back to the bed. He lay down, grabbed John's cooling palm with one hand and put the gun barrel under his chin with the other. "Goodbye, Jim."
"You're married to your job, and I-" He closed his eyes hard as he felt Sherlock's lips on his chest.
Sherlock flashed John a smug grin as he slipped into his white suit trousers. "The headwaiter will be instructed to mistake him for the new chef, arriving just in time to save the evening's service. Angelo will make the obvious choice."
John folded his arms over his chest and returned the not-smile. "Well, clearly you know my name. Have you not read my bio on the website? About Us section. Has my photo and everything. I'd be happy to send you a link."
"No one else knows how to refill the lubricant fountain," Sherlock muttered. "It's quite inconvenient."
Halloween Special! A man wants revenge on the person who murdered the woman he loved. Guest starring: Andy Galbraith
Mycroft, though, had always loved a good storm. A cool puff of wind from the north stirred the hairs on his forearms, exposed by his decadently rolled-up shirt sleeves. After a contented sigh, the kind he only allowed himself when he was assured of his solitude, Mycroft took a long swallow of scotch and then cupped his hands against the wind to light a cigarette.
think of him as a friend. A strange, unpredictable, like-no-other friend, but a friend still. He didn't want to be just a colleague.
They exchanged the sort of pleasantries along the walk two people exchanged when a much more significant conversation was looming, the flight, the weather, the layout of the island, but almost as soon as Sholto's suitcase hit the floor John couldn't hold back his real questions any longer.
"They…certainly don't seem to object." He felt keenly aware of how close Sherlock was standing, curls ruffled once again by the jasmine-scented breeze, except this time under moonlight. Sherlock's hands, John noted, were quite large. Long-fingered.
"We did well to wait for this storm," Sherlock said as he seated himself across from John and Andy and poured himself a cup of tea from the white pot. "The riven sky unsettles the spirits, stirs them."
tell John that—shut up, Mycroft—I'm ending this call now!" He flung his phone away, then swore, squeezing his hand into a fist. "Bugger! I should have said
Molly straightened abruptly from her hunched whisper, sloshing a bit of her vodka tonic onto her flowered skirt. "Oh!"
The man was sat in one of John's tan-upholstered Bergere chairs, leaning back comfortably with his legs crossed at the knee. One long-fingered, ivory-skinned hand rested easily on the curved handle of an umbrella. His blue three-piece suit, the cut of his dark hair, the shine of his shoes, and the cool stare down his long slope of a nose all said
"Yeah. We just met. And you apparently know everyone. Small world and that," Lestrade said, eyes narrowing. "Can I help you with something? Is this a…business call, or…?"
"Er. Nothing. Really." John shifted his weight. He chewed on his bottom lip for a thoughtful moment. Minor setback, there, but he wasn't going to be so easily deterred. Another breath. "So, erm, just wondering…who would you have chosen?"
"Spell it out, Sherlock. You know how slow I am to catch on sometimes," John said tightly, looking not-at-all slow or uncertain. In fact he looked
It was past dawn, the storm long gone, when Mycroft closed the folder on the table in front of him and said, "Well?"
She looked around furtively—Archie's father must be around here somewhere, after all—maybe with a similar set of tumbled curls and, oh, wouldn't that be lovely? She didn't see anyone that seemed to be looking for the boy, though, so she leaned in and whispered, "But just the other week there was a man, an exciting case. Nobody could tell how he'd died until I did some tests and found out he'd been killed by a very
restless entities. But we are also very fortunate to have John Watson with us at this table tonight."
"It's true. I am. And he's sent me on a romantic dinner…with you." John's smile was forced, forlorn. "He doesn't want me. Not like that."
"Reinforcement. Deeper experience." Sherlock did his John-dismissing hand wave. "And technically he's more of a video recorder. Look, I've allowed you to satisfy your caretaker instincts—"
She could feel the muscles at the back of her neck clenching. "What I've asked for requires the work of a
Molly was grinning at the two of them like they were a puppy on Christmas morning. Lestrade thought he was probably grinning back just as ridiculously.
to play in. Of course everything's scaled down. I thought you'd have it taken away after Mrs. Hudson's family left."
"No," she shook her head and smiled. "That's not what I was afraid of. Andy, I was afraid you would leave me."
"Shh!" Sherlock ordered, scribbling away white-knuckled, head bent. He'd filled half a page already.
"And he said, 'Oh, no…I'm taking that back to base.'" Sholto's old grin flashed, brief and shy, and left a sparkle in his gentle, aquamarine eyes.
Sherlock flicked him a puzzled look before he gave Andy's arm another pat. "Drink up, now. We want you to have all your strength."
"He didn't." John laughed and slapped the table with the palm of his hand, then reached over and laid his hand on Sholto's arm. "I've missed your stories."
Sherlock, who had fixed John with a puzzled stare, cleared his throat. "John, Mrs. Hudson." He presented the lady with a flourish, as if she were a game show prize. "Since you ask so persistently, behold. Mrs. Hudson is the start of
John frowned curiously, looking up again at Sherlock just as Mrs. Hudson looked directly at the pair of them. "I've been so very happy here on Fantasy Island. So very happy, you must know. But it's time for me to move on. It's time for me to retire."
Sherlock met John's questioning gaze. There was a spark of anticipation in his eyes. "Here she is now."
They had a little table in a private corner of the island's outdoor bar and cafe, although privacy was hardly required—they were the only people there apart from a few discreet staff. A young woman in a flowered skirt was just starting to light the torches lining the open terrace.
"Make it up with him," Mrs. Hudson murmured again as they waved their goodbyes and the plane pulled away from the landing.
"Not the point, cheeky." Lestrade swatted the boy affectionately with the towel, but his eyes on Mycroft were wary. "He's a stranger to you and we're going to have a talk about this later."
He would be out of his mind to accept. Sherlock Holmes was an overly-dramatic, vain, obnoxious, petulant, plush-mouthed madman. Beyond that, John didn't know a thing about him, what he really did here on this island of his—was it even his island?—or what he might ask of John under the terms of this employment. There had been no mention of compensation. He didn't know how he would live. And it hadn't escaped his notice that Sherlock hadn't actually
"I guess I'll wait a bit longer on that job description, then," John said, folding his hands casually in front of him in an imitation of Sherlock's pose. He leaned in again and pitched his voice low. "Should I be calling you 'sir,' by the way?"
"That was. Absolutely. Fucking. Brilliant." The man laughed huskily in between little kisses pressed to Mycroft's neck and jaw. Affectionate kisses.
"I highly doubt that, John. You seem like a perceptive young—" Mrs. Hudson's attention shifted to the walkway behind the fountain. "Oh, look, he looks happy," she exclaimed.
"If you," Captain Watson continued, "are acquainted with the man who arranged this flight, then you are most certainly aware that the person he'd entrust this aircraft to would indeed be, as you put it, in charge. And completely capable of managing any unruly passengers—"
The reception was apparently to be an all-night affair, judging by the noise still coming from the main grounds. Curious, and feeling like stretching his legs, John left his murder mystery cracked open on the bungalow porch swing and excused himself to Mrs. Turner, who waved him away with a mellow smile.
"It looks like you found the right combination," John smiled, ignoring her. He gave Ushi a friendly rub under the chin. "Hey, there, pretty girl. You have a good trip home. All of you," he said as he straightened.
The blue uniform hovered at his elbow, apparently for the purpose of dithering. "If you'd prefer something not on our menu, we'd be happy to—"
"No. Well, yes." Lestrade sighed. "If I'm not already sacked after that…I'm not sure you're going to want to employ me. Because I'm about to be honest with you."
John didn't think it was his imagination that Sherlock seemed a bit cooler, a bit more formal around him since the awkward (mortifying) backstage conversation where John had only just narrowly avoided making a
"Right. Obvious reasons." Realizing he was staring open-mouthed, John tried to look away, but he wasn't sure where to look. Not at Sherlock. Definitely not at Sherlock. He fixed his eyes on a nearby banana tree, then frowned and hastily looked away from that as well.
John folded his arms and walked toward Sherlock. Slowly, his eyes cast thoughtfully down. "Because you
The museum was dark after hours. Just puddles of sallow light over the display cases and tricky patterns cast by moonlight through the high windows. The sound of Andy's shoe heels striking the gallery floor echoed through the cavernous space with each step.
"Mycroft, Mr. Holmes, I think we should have that quick word you mentioned. Now. And you two…shut up."
"Hi, Molly!" Archie dashed up clutching a somewhat squashed orchid and an orange flip-flop. "Will you tell me about some more dead people whilst we're flying?"
"Which brings us back to the question at hand." John licked his lips and raised his eyebrows, questioning. "What do you want? Or…not want? With…me."
Mycroft turned, unhurried, to the source of the slightly gruff voice, a man walking up the steps of the gazebo towards him. A handsome man, hair as silvery as the moon on a clear night, dark eyes twinkling. He stuffed his hands into the pockets of his frayed khaki shorts and gave Mycroft a sheepish smile. He looked like a beachcomber, although clearly he couldn't be. The island was only accessible to staff and guests, all strictly screened. Mycroft had nevertheless frequently admonished Sherlock on his decision not to install security cameras.
Holmes's pony glanced at him a little uncertainly before he addressed Radka directly. He had, the art curator in her could not help noticing, Prussian blue eyes. "Don't worry about that, Miss Wenceslas. You're among…friends…here. Professionals."
sound out of the side of his mouth, then let a half-smile curl there, "but not bad, John. Not bad at all."
"For you." Andy turned. And gasped. Took a step back. The white sheet was stained with blood, seeping slowly from where the statue's—from where
Sherlock stepped behind John's back, nuzzled his nose against John's ear, and murmured, "Are you suggesting a date?"
, after all. Any resulting humiliation was entirely his to own."I believe you have me at a disadvantage."
"We knew we wanted to share our love," Ravi grinned, cheeks flushing a bit, "but we didn't realize how badly we wanted to
So many things I wish I'd been able to work in. So many of you had such good guest suggestions! And Irene Adler, by the way, operates the Love Boat. :)
"I can't take you around the world, Janine, but I can take you to paradise," Fletcher said, a cheeky grin in his voice, "by which I mean…Dartmoor. But those stars you wanted to see, I can point you out each and every one out there. And under that moonlight, love, maybe I can even make you howl."
"Well, certainly not me," Molly chuckled. "It was the same with me, actually. That…fascination. After my own mum passed and…so he reminded me a bit of myself, actually. At that age. And also a bit of someone I…care for. Cared for. So I liked him. Straight away. Archie, that is. So…sorry, I'm going on quite a lot, aren't I?"
"He'd like nothing better, dear, I'm sure," said a merry voice from behind John. He turned to a petite woman, roughly the age his own mum would have been by now, with short red-blonde hair. She wore a conservative blue suit instead of white, and her blouse was purple with a big, soft bow tied at her throat. Her smile was cheerful. "But I wouldn't cede that ground if I were you."
Major Sholto's scarred face softened. John beamed. There. Clasped hands. Warm eyes. The fantasy was going to work out perfectly.
"Just tell her what you want her to do," Lyons prompted. He had a reassuring hand on Henry's shoulder. "Calm and confident."
a naughty girl. But what we have in common is that I've also worked as a personal assistant. My take on the job was most definitely
"Oh...bugger." Sherlock's eyes flashed, ever-so-briefly, with dismay and he started simultaneously dragging fingers through his disheveled hair and scrubbing at a green smear on the sleeve of his white jacket.
"It is always beneficial to have more than one set of options available to address any given situation. You would, of course, continue in your current employment with New Scotland Yard. I would ask nothing of you that interfered with those duties. I would simply request…and provide…information that would enhance your effectiveness in that role."
," John said, with a snap in his tone and eyes gone flinty. He gave Sherlock a little shove so his back hit the mainmast and stepped in, chest-to-chest. "And you're
John's fist clenched. Tight. He dropped his chin and took a step forward, a step that could not be mistaken for anything but a threat, and clipped out, "What do you want with Sherlock?"
"No. You came here to escape London, where you are having difficulty fitting in and finding occupation after your release from the army, particularly as you were invalided out. You are not close enough with your family to turn to them for support. You are without friends as well, excepting Mrs. Turner, as you don't make friends easily and have left the few you had in…was it Afghanistan or Iraq?"
John didn't know either of the two grooms beyond Mrs. Turner's brief introduction when they'd boarded the plane. They were dissimilar men at first glance—Ravi, slender, shy, and spectacled, had a neat, professorial look about him while Paul in his torn jeans and faded Clash t-shirt was beefy, bearded, and boisterous—but they looked at one another with the same besotted gaze that left no question they were mad for one another.
Mycroft ran his thumb over the back of Lestrade's hand. "It is always beneficial to have more than one set of options available."
"I told you," bold as a rat, Raz leaned over and ran a thumb across her cheekbone, like he was making a tally mark. Like war paint. "I know art."
"Such as…" Mycroft raised his chin, confident in the value of his bait, "the identity of the man who actually killed Andrew West."
The man took a cigarette from the proffered pack and then leaned in to allow Mycroft to light it. Mycroft did not miss the way the man's eyes lingered on his hands as the little flame flickered between them.
, Mrs. Turner," John said for what felt like the hundredth time. "And poor little old landlady, my arse."
. But then I put everything together, the missing plans, Andrew West, and…" Lestrade shrugged. "And then a fantastic night turned into a terrible night. Even though," he snorted a wry laugh, "that's what I came to the island for. An arrest. And I
"Oh." John's smile spread slowly, almost painfully, like he felt his chest swelling at the same time. Like it was taking in the sunlight and the sweet breeze across the grass and the gentle rhythm of waves caressing the shore and it was never going to let any of it back out again. "Mine, too," he said huskily.
"I think you and I are the only ones who've noticed the scenery, Mrs. Turner," John said with a conspiratorial smile.
"Hm," Lyons said. "There's a surprise. Henry…you're doing so well. You know that, right? I'm really impressed."
"John," Sherlock gave him a cool look and cocked an eyebrow, "given the length of said list, do you actually believe you'll have the energy left to fantasize in the shower?"
Raz tugged his shirt back into place, unfazed by the rough handling, and thrust out a hand to Radka. "'Ere, love."
It was entirely possible, however, he had made a mistake in estimating his ability to remain unaffected. Sherlock reminded himself once again that
it's time you pulled that clever head out of your arse, young man, and started behaving a bit more decently towards all of us."
John was getting restless.  He'd seen nothing of Sherlock since Miss Wenceslas's arrival on the island the day before and he still didn't know what he was meant to be
"Obviously I knew about it, John," Sherlock's mouth set in a hard line as he jerked his arm away. "And now that I've stood through it, I'm getting the
John's lips twitched. "Good. Because, Sherlock," he took a step forward, brushed his fingers under one of Sherlock's white lapels. "I'm about to ask you a very important question."
Sherlock's newest guest on the island comes as a personal surprise to John. Guest starring: James Sholto
"More or less," John grinned, leaning a little more of his weight into his hands on Sherlock's lower back. Sherlock grunted appreciatively. "So if you weren't
tears. John resisted the temptation to rub his eyes in disbelief. Which was a good thing, because he might have otherwise missed the silver-haired man who launched himself at Sherlock for a hug of his own. Sherlock stiffened, but allowed the man to clap him on the back several times.
The private island's exclusive staff, wrapped in hibiscus-patterned sarongs, welcomed disembarking guests with white smiles, kisses pressed to cheeks, and icy fruit-laden drinks—complete with tiny paper parasols—pressed into hands. The air was hot and humid, but pleasantly so, and smelled of fruit and flowers. A low drumbeat thrummed under the rustling whisper of the palms.
"I turned it back on. You've had two texts." Captain Watson's voice came from behind him, and Sherlock turned to see his mobile held out on offer. "I didn't read them, of course, but the alerts were interesting. A barking dog?"
"I'll take care of it. Don't you worry about a thing, John," Sherlock said gravely. And he smiled and walked away.
"You know what I've learned about working with dogs?" Henry mused. "Sometimes you have to find the right reward. Sometimes it's food. Sometimes it's a toy." He squeezed Lyons' hand. "Sometimes it's just affection."
In addition to the gale-force tropical hospitality greeting them, the newcomers were being hailed by wedding guests who'd arrived on earlier flights, and with a volume and enthusiasm that suggested a great many complimentary mango daiquiris had already been enjoyed.
The plane's door banged open and a heavyset man with a ponytail and a full beard stepped out, looking uneasy.
Mycroft's eyebrows drew down, but he followed Lestrade to a more private section of the garden, out of hearing distance from Molly, Archie, and the staff who were beginning to load their luggage onto the plane.
"Yeah?" Lestrade hesitantly accepted Mycroft's offered handshake. "Wait. For the…job or the…humping?"
Sherlock met John's eyes with a clear gaze. "Not all. Some. But the point is I haven't tried them with
John did his best not to let his eyebrows fly up when Raz, whose fingertips were stained blue, winked at him.
"Fine, but brunch after." John couldn't resist pulling Sherlock in for one more kiss, lingering longer this time, putting a breath of promise into it. "You can have pastries."
"Whatever else she may have felt for you, Sherlock Holmes, she is still your friend and she deserves better from you."
The staff (Molly could still picture the assignment rosters in Sherlock's headquarters) had done an amazing job in setting up for the reunion. Noah had shown her all the venues and activities: hula lessons on the north beach, drumming lessons in the acoustically-resonant Azure Cove, fishing, guided hikes to the falls, canoeing, a garden for the children to make their own leis, and even a great bloody pirate ship to tour. Aunt Sissy had been beside herself over it all when they met by the reception fountain, blinking back tears after she finally released Molly from a tight embrace.
Sherlock shrugged and looked away, muttering something in the direction of the skull-and-crossbones topsail.
"That going to work?" John muttered, pressing his nose up underneath Sherlock's jaw, nudging up to bare more of Sherlock's throat.
Lyons gave John a closer look, friendly appraisal. "Well, where would you like us to set up camp, so to speak?"
"No, sir, but he left instructions. One moment and I'll bring a candle for the table." Their attendant smiled as the set the tray down between them. "More romantic."
John was waiting for Sherlock to finish rinsing himself free of sand, rummaging around in the refrigerator for some sort of nibble when he heard movement behind him. "Do you want tea and biscuits," he said, turning, "or we have—"
"Primitive?" John frowned at the arrogant curve of Sherlock's mouth. "You're calling my friend primitive?"
and he's come a long way. We're going to talk some more. Like friends. Then he's going to leave. I'll schedule his return flight for tomorrow morning. And I'm going to stay here. On the island. With you. Because I'm in love with you." He looked at Sherlock expectantly.
Sherlock Holmes was going to tutor him in chemistry. If he hadn't been screwed before, he definitely was now.
He could hear the low rumble of Sherlock’s voice in the sitting room, and the sound of bare feet pacing the wooden floor. Curious, he quietly tiptoed out of the bathroom to eavesdrop on what Sherlock was saying.
John sucked in a breath and with his free hand he sought Sherlock's hand. Their fingers entwined and John squeezed a little. Their breathing was unsteady, in time with one another as Sherlock continued, flicking his tongue against the sensitive nub. John let go of his hand and he pulled back to gaze at the pinkened flesh in satisfaction. The hand in his hair encouraged him down and their lips met once more.
I frown. He could have been mocking me, most likely was, but there was something in his tone that was at odds with the usual manner of our exchanges. He almost sounded like he had at Christmas. I push the thought aside; I don’t want to waste my time on Mycroft’s motives. The games he plays were never fun for me.
Sherlock frowns at himself. Where did that thought come from? Shaking his head, he frantically types out a reply.
Tearing himself away from the vision John presented in his bed, Sherlock went into the bathroom to focus on the tasks that would enable him to feel all of those things, to experience that completion with John.
John gaped. A tutor?! He didn't need a tutor, he just needed a bit of time to catch up and he'd be fine.
"O-of course, if you don't want to, that's fine, it's-it's all fine, I just-" he cuts himself off and glances away. He looks a bit crestfallen, and Sherlock immediately decides John's lovely face should never look that way ever again. If he can stop it doing that by going for coffee that's what he'll do.
"Love," John says, smiling. "Yes, I did," he continues. "And I meant it, if, you know, that's ok. I mean, nothing has to change, I just- oof!"
I cut him off, crossing the room in two strides and wrapping my arms around him as tightly as I can manage, pulling him into my body. I am never letting him go.
It strikes me just as the bullet does, that it has only taken six seconds for everything to fall apart.
The handwriting is awful and there is a ring on the paper from a coffee cup. Sherlock snorts and takes a sip from his own coffee. He takes out his laptop and his notes and settles in. If the note finds its way into one of his books Sherlock refuses to notice it.
HOLY SHIT. It's been like six months since I updated this. Oops. Very sorry. Much fluff in this chap.
How was he going to play this? From everything he knew about Sherlock Holmes going all gooey at him was likely to result in either instant dismissal or blissful ignorance of John’s intentions. And more to the point, what exactly were John’s intentions? Passing chemistry again, that’s for certain. But a small part of him hoped that Sherlock would enjoy teaching him, that they’d get on and maybe become friends. If it went so far as mutual agreement that they could stand to be in one another’s company for more than thirty seconds and they could manage pleasant conversation, John might even go so far as to see if there wasn’t anything more he could offer than friendship. If Sherlock wasn't like that, then he’d settle for friends. Just friends would be fine, he’d get over his silly crush. Eventually. The boy was brilliant, he deserved to have a least one friend to text and email and meet up with in the holidays and tell about uni and so on.
Numbly, Sherlock nodded, thrilled as John’s mouth crashed into his. Their kisses were sloppy and messy and he felt John’s body stiffen as his cock began to pulse against his own. He was over sensitive and twitchy but Sherlock wouldn’t have traded the feeling of John coming in his arms, all over them both, for the purest 7% solution.
Sherlock looked at John curiously for a moment, then sat down at the desk and pulled out his own textbook. John watched him, admiring the graceful length of his neck, and didn’t miss the slight wince on his face as he reached down. It was gone as quickly as it appeared, and Sherlock began talking at his usual rapid pace, so John soon forgot it as he listened to Sherlock’s pleasant voice.
"I love you," Sherlock whispered. He wriggled even closer, John dropping kisses into his hair as he whispered back. "I love you too." Sherlock's breathing gradually slowed and he fell into a deep sleep, wrapped in John's loving embrace and boundless affection.
"Wha-" he mumbles, gesturing vaguely to the desk behind John. Great, he chastises himself. Very smooth Holmes, well done.
When he returns to the desk the following day, a smug grin playing about his lips, he finds the OED still sitting there. Point made, he thinks. Then he notices it. The dictionary is still there, only now, it's open to the word 'fastidious'.
"You must be Sherlock," says a tall, silver-haired player, walking over with his hand outstretched. His smile is broad and his eyes sincere, confident and calm despite the fact that he's only wearing a towel. Sherlock gives a small smile as his hand is grasped in a warm grip. The man pumps their joined hands a couple of times as he speaks.
"You were going to leave me a note about coffee?" Sherlock asks, finally regaining control of his mouth and using it to actually form words instead of a mere approximation of intelligent speech.
"It's not-HIC-funny-HIC-John!" Sherlock hissed, pressing a hand to his mouth in a futile attempt to stop the infuriating, embarrassing noises. John stifled a fresh bout of giggles.
A knock and the door opening snapped the eye contact between them, and Sherlock startled before schooling his face to one of disdain at the intruder. John looked towards the door and saw a tall young man with ginger hair, sharp eyes and a smug expression on his face.
“Helloooooo, Earth to John Watson,” Greg said cheekily, waving a hand in front of John’s face. “What’s got you all dreamy-eyed and slack-jawed then?”
Sherlock stands up noisily and heads for the loo. He's twitchy with anticipation, a thrill of excitement thrumming in his veins. He makes himself wait a couple of minutes, drumming his fingers on the counter in the men's and tapping his foot impatiently. Then he sneaks out and back across to the desk.
John hardly looks away for the rest of dinner. Sherlock has the vague sense that John is talking to him and he's responding in a manner befitting a normal human being, but in reality he is capturing every single second of this date and ruthlessly deleting extraneous material like how to boil an egg and who is currently Prime Minister in order to make enough room in his mind palace to store the exact curve of John's smile, how the tendons in his neck stretch when he looks behind him, the melodious sound of his giggles, and a thousand other details Sherlock wants never to forget.
“I do not need your protection, John,” Sherlock snipped. “You don’t have to defend my honour, I don’t intend to come to school dressed in rainbow drag and shove it in everyone’s faces. I just don’t see why I should be ashamed of who I am.”
As I am bundled into an unmarked vehicle I close my eyes and focus. The gunshot is fading from my ears now and silence is encroaching. I allow it to swallow me whole and I try to calm my mind. My breathing and heart rate will follow if I can just get my thoughts under control.
"He got a knock to his head, that's all," John says, stopping in his tracks, his back to Lestrade. He's frowning at me.
“Hey,” John said, leaning up on one arm. He cupped Sherlock’s jaw and turned his head so that their eyes met. “I’m hoping for many next times,” he admitted softly, “if that’s alright with you?”
Tentatively he caresses John's cock with his fingertips. The reaction is instant, as John twitches and moans loudly, swearing under his breath as Sherlock takes this as positive feedback and takes up firmer strokes. He squirms as his own trousers get even more uncomfortable.
"I- er," Sherlock fumbles. John laughs and again, Sherlock has the odd feeling that for once, it's not aimed at him. Well, it is at him, he supposes, but not in the usual way. It gives him a strange sensation in his chest.
Sunlight dappled John's skin, casting a glow across his spreadeagled form as he dozed among the rumpled sheets. Sherlock knew the expression on his face was hopelessly soft but for once did not care about showing his true feelings so openly. He simply stood there, in the doorway, gazing at the impossibly beautiful man currently snuffling softly in his slumber.
Sherlock wraps his coat tighter around himself, his cheek tingling from the warmth of John’s lips. He has no idea how he makes it back to his room. Although he had planned to go back to his experiment as soon as he was home, he finds himself in his mind palace, committing every second of his time with John to his permanent memory.
It's John Watson. As in, gorgeous, friendly, popular among all students John Watson. As in, rugby team captain and final year medic John Watson. Oh shit.
“Do you really think that, Sherlock?” John asks, his tone unreadable to Sherlock’s screeching mind. He nods, then dares to open his eyes and looks at John.
Huffing at himself in annoyance he storms through the old library doors with a bang, startling Mrs Hudson at the desk. She calls after him, her tone one of fond scolding, but he ignores her. He stomps up the stairs to his favourite desk and stops cold.
They finish their drinks in comfortable silence, each shyly watching the other over the edges of their mugs. Sherlock wonders how it is so easy for them to just sit together, neither needing to fill the silence with inane chatter, just enjoying each other’s company. He marvels at how straightforward it seems even as a small part of him begins to worry that this can’t possibly last too long. Unfortunately, that small part of him is right on this occasion.
Cautiously, I nod my assent, lifting my head from pressing into the pillow and turning to the side. I aim for haughty disinterest with my expression. I definitely miss by a country mile.
John takes Sherlock’s hand and begins to lead him down between the stands, back to the locker rooms and his teammates. Oh god. John’s teammates. Sherlock swallows nervously at the thought of meeting the rest of John’s team. They've only been dating a few months but Sherlock is already in way over his head. He’s never been well-liked and he doesn’t know how they’ll react when John appears in the doorway with his boyfriend. Do they know? Will they be accepting of their captain dating a male student, a posh, arrogant genius? Won’t they be expecting John to be with some boring, soft, curvy woman? What about-
They’re making their way to the door now, and the brumal air hits them as they step outside. John crowds close to Sherlock on the threshold.
Sherlock snorts. There are fewer crumbs today but more scrunched up bits of paper. Sherlock unfurls one and tries to read the handwriting. It's the same as the notes he's been getting. The paper has lecture notes from a biochemistry module Sherlock took in his second year. Clearly whoever it is using his desk, they are struggling with the module. Failing, but only just. Some of these notes make sense but others... What must it be like in a normal mind, Sherlock wonders.
Greg whispers something else to Will, one of his hands wandering to Will's back. Will blushes harder and flicks his eyes to John and Sherlock before smiling shyly at Greg. Whatever has passed between them, Will is apparently in agreement. John narrows his eyes but he's smiling too. Sherlock is totally lost as three heads turn to look at him.
John's hand closed around his cock and suddenly Sherlock was right there, on the edge. Then John stroked him firmly, once, twice, three times and Sherlock was coming, spilling on John's chest and stomach and neck, crying out in his ecstasy. He could feel himself clenching around John and warmth flooded his belly as he felt John start to come, filling the condom. He stayed there, watching in awe as John was lost to his orgasm. Finally, breathless, aching and happier than he ever thought he could feel, Sherlock collapsed forward onto John. John's arms came up around his back and they lay there, still joined, for a moment.
"It's okay John, you can tell me," Dr Bradstreet told him. John just stared harder at the floor until she sighed again and turned away, rustling papers on her desk.
A couple of hours and several pages later, Sherlock can barely keep his eyes open. He should probably go home and catch up on his sleep. He doesn't want Mrs Hudson to find him slumped over his laptop, face mashing the keys and drooling again. She worries about him enough as it is, he'll never hear the end of that little incident.
“I don’t fancy Mary,” he mumbled into his sandwich, surer than ever that he didn’t want to talk to anyone but Mike and Greg about his crush on Sherlock.
I quiet and John turns his attention back to the film, still grinning. It feels a little fragile, this peace we have built here in such a short time. We were both uneasy at first; when John moved back in we often tripped over one another in our haste to stay out of each other’s way. Gradually we fell back into our old routines and it began to seem normal again. Our version, at least.
“I only have one exam this semester and it’s incredibly dull,” he answers. John laughs. “It is,” Sherlock insists, “I’d not bother turning up but I need the credits for my PhD application.”
Sherlock glanced at him sharply. “Bees are fascinating creatures, John,” he sniffed. John smiled and nodded, trying not to show on his face how cute he thought Sherlock was being. Their eyes met for a moment and John swore he could feel Sherlock’s gaze poring through him, seeing everything he was thinking right then.
John shot him a glance that was equal parts fond amusement and cold steel. Sherlock shrugged helplessly as the shudders continued. John wrapped the arm with the hand not plastered to Sherlock's face around his back and gripped tightly, bringing their bodies even closer. Sherlock did his best to suppress the traitorous trembling his transport insisted on. He fidgeted and shuffled, but John just squeezed him tighter.
Sherlock stays silent while John thinks, worried that if he opens his mouth all manner of ridiculous sentiment will pour forth in an unstoppable tide. He can’t do this, not now he knows what John's lips feel like against his own, what John's touch feels like on his throat. He is mildly furious with himself that he completely failed to watch John's face as he came. But of course it has to end like this. Of course there is no way he would ever be enough for John. Silly, stupid Sherlock! Just… let him go.
Through the narrow gap between the cupboard doors they had an excellent view of their suspect hacking into the HR files and taking notes for his blackmail side-business. John took his hand from Sherlock's mouth with a stern glare and reached into Sherlock's coat for his mobile, clearly intending to snap some photos of Norwood and catch him in the act. Sherlock wholeheartedly approved of this approach to solving their case.
It is a perfectly normal Sunday evening and we are watching something I have already deleted the title of on telly. John is mildly absorbed in the so-called action on screen and is chuckling at my ongoing, disgruntled commentary. The film is wildly historically inaccurate and the plot is simply ludicrous. John laughs as I yell. I gesture expansively in my indignation and he merely laughs harder. He shoots me a pointed look before doubling over in a fit of giggles at my expression. I refuse to admit I am, as they say, hamming it up a little for his benefit. I stand by my original assessment -  the premise is utterly ridiculous.
“You too,” he says, “you’re beautiful John.” John looks up sharply. Oh shit. He closes his eyes as he realises he may just have let a tiny bit too much slip there.
He thinks of his flatmates and his peers at the ball; loud music, sticky alcohol, bright lights. Yelling over each other, laughing, getting a bit pissed, stumbling home. Friends with their arms around each others' shoulders, giggling, listening to stories of a smile and a wink in the library, flirtations in group tutorials, meeting for coffee before lectures and invites to so-and-so's flat before the ball.
“That’s not a problem, not at all! He refuses to be anything other than himself, it’s pretty cool actually,” Greg continued, “but it does make him stand out a bit. I mean, er, what I’m getting at John, is that Sherlock is… well he’s gay. And everyone knows it.”
John is still frozen in place, his fists clenching and unclenching at his sides. He's staring at the floor but when I wobble on my feet he reaches out to steady me without thinking. His hand closes around my elbow and I manage to right myself. The fuzziness in my mind is clearing but I'm still lightheaded. We stand there a moment, deliberately not looking at each other. John snaps back to reality first, yanking his hand away from me as if burnt. My heart gives a lurch at the loss of his touch but I cover it quickly.
A crescendo is imminent, and suddenly Will is crying out hoarsely as he comes onto Greg's face, Greg working him through it and murmuring sweetly. Greg's other hand has disappeared between his own legs and soon Greg's moans can be heard as Will slumps down beside him onto the floor. Sherlock can just about make out the sound of their kisses as Will uses his tongue and his discarded towel to wipe come from Greg's chin.
I am trembling a little now. His hand is also still on my ankle and I can’t tear my eyes away from his. He blinks once, twice, and seems to come to a decision. He lifts his hand from my leg and reaches out towards me. I unconsciously lean forward to meet his touch and when his palm reaches my face I breathe out shakily and close my eyes.
“John,” Sherlock whispered desperately, trying to hold back his orgasm. Suddenly John snapped awake and hurriedly let go, shuffling away to the far side of the bed. Sherlock couldn’t help the whine that rose up in his throat as cold air rushed in at his back. He stayed on his side and took his hand out of his pajamas.
“There’s a great research programme at Imperial. I want to carry on studying, but in a more specialised area,” John goes on, his face lighting up as he tells Sherlock about the centre for tropical medicine and the research he's interested in. Sherlock knows a little about tropical medicine – well, the really interesting diseases at least, and they lose themselves in the topic for a while.
Sherlock settled onto his back and breathed deeply as John poured more lube into his palm. He gently slicked and teased Sherlock's erection to full hardness, kissing his bottom lip and nibbling it to make Sherlock gasp. The room filled with the sound of their heavy breathing, low moans passing between them. John's hand moved lower, tugging lightly at Sherlock's balls. Then John stroked lower still and this time they both groaned as Sherlock quivered around John's finger. Sherlock was soon keening and panting as John slowly worked him open.
Sherlock huffed and flopped down onto the sofa again, eyes closed. John sighed, lifted Sherlock’s feet into his lap and switched on the tv. He was absent-mindedly stroking Sherlock’s calf when the news came on. Cabinet reshuffle. Turns out the rumours about that were true, then.
Chemistry though, his chemistry was slipping. He'd just about managed to scrape a decent mark in one of the class tests last week, but he knew he had to knuckle down if he wanted to get a good mark in the prelim exams coming up. He'd never been exceptionally strong at the subject but the contrast of pale skin and mahogany curls directly in front of him were continuing to make it difficult to concentrate.
He rounds the corner at the top of the stairs and makes for the desk he (and Mrs Hudson) think of as his. What he sees there pulls him up short and he gapes for a moment. His confusion quickly turns to annoyance.
John’s ears began to burn and he was sure he was turning an interesting shade of red but before he could respond Tim carried on.
"John," I groan, tilting my hips up again to get more of that lovely tongue. John grins and pulls me up onto my knees, my face still pressed into the bed. One of his hands drifts to stroke at my side, then trails across my stomach beneath my shirt.
John blinks and hurriedly looks away, biting his lip to prevent the smirk threatening to creep across his face from escaping. He clears his throat instead.
John is smiling a little ruefully, then he rubs a hand through his (soft, it must be so soft) hair. "Guess you're wondering what I'm doing," he says. Sherlock's mind splutters for another moment then seems to get itself in gear. Maybe.
The library is quiet as Sherlock makes his way through the stacks towards his favourite spot. Tucked away on the second floor, beside musty rows of rarely accessed volumes, Sherlock's spot is peaceful; not too warm in summer, not too cold in winter, far enough from the lifts and the loos that nobody walks by , close enough to the stairs that he can hear snatches of his peers' ludicrous conversations in the stairways. In other words, the perfect place for him to think, do some spring cleaning in his mind palace, store away tidbits of gossip, or type up his notes.
In retrospect, it might have happened anyway. As it was, circumstances converged to create conditions conducive to finding himself trapped in a small space, pressed close to his half-furious, half-laughing flatmate, trying desperately to stop the undignified squeaks erupting from his oesophagus. Sherlock later reflected that, if he'd known that's all it would take for John to kiss him, he'd have got stuck in a cupboard on a stake out long ago.
"Always wanted to get my hands on this glorious arse," he murmurs, his hands moving to part my cheeks. I think for a moment that I should feel ridiculous, exposed, John's face pressed to my bottom. The thought is fleeting and quickly forgotten when John licks a broad stripe over my entrance before kissing it over and over. I am dimly aware of a loud moaning and am horrified to realise that the sound is emanating from me. I burrow into the pillow again, trying to muffle the noise. No use trying to prevent it, not with John lavishing attention on me like this.
Sherlock paces his room and tugs at his curls in frustration, flinging his phone onto his bed. Why is this so difficult? He has a ridiculously high IQ, first-rate observational skills and a quite frankly astonishing brain. He should be able to work this out! John kissed him, for God’s sake. He slipped his number into Sherlock's pocket and kissed him.
"I won't keep you any longer, John, I just wanted to check in with you. And to let you know that if your marks keep sliding like this, you're going to have trouble getting into that Bart's course I know you have your heart set on."
"Gonna make you feel so good, Sherlock, love," John mumbles. I want to reply, say something in return, but I find I can't. He has chased away my capacity for language with his talented tongue. He resumes licking and kissing and sucking with vigour and the wave is beginning to crest. I feel him moan against me and I am almost there, I am so close now.... John...!
It’s not that I believed I’d never make a mistake. Even I’m not that arrogant. But I do miss things. Sometimes. Occasionally. And this was so very well hidden. And I didn’t want to look. Or, I didn’t want to look too deeply. The decision had been made already, maybe months before, maybe minutes before, who knows (or cares). I realise now just how wrong I’ve been all this time, how badly I’ve misjudged this, how well played the game has been. How much I’ve lost.
"John," I mumble in response, my body already reacting to his weight and proximity. This is going to be very embarrassing very quickly, I think desperately.
"Me too," says John, "maybe we can do this again?" Sherlock nods shyly and his eyes widen as John moves closer to him. John leans up, giving Sherlock plenty of time to move away but Sherlock tilts his head closer. Still smiling, John presses a featherlight kiss to Sherlock's cheek.
"Mmm, well you can do that anytime you like, ever you want," John replied, snuggling back down into the sheets and tugging Sherlock closer. Sherlock nestled his face into the curve of John's neck, tucking his hands in to stroke John's collarbone and inhaling deeply. John sighed again and the arm he had wrapped around Sherlock's back tightened further. John's breath ruffled his curls and John lifted his other hand to push into the thick hair at the roots. Sherlock moaned lowly in pleasure; his scalp was very sensitive and he absolutely adored having his hair stroked.
Sherlock nodded, but he still seemed a bit lost and puzzled. Eventually, he met John’s eyes. “I’d no idea Mike and Greg were gay, I’d thought I was the only boy at school who was gay. Well, me and Tim Dimmock, but I don’t think Tim is out, not like I am anyw-”
John leaned down to capture Sherlock's mouth once more in a searing kiss. Sherlock's breath hitched as John's slick finger circled his entrance, and he pushed up into John's mouth on his. John smiled against him and began pressing kisses down his neck, across his shoulders, before moving down his chest again. His hands dropped to brush through John's hair, loving the feeling of the short strands between his fingers.
John flicks through a couple more photos and Sherlock winces internally at what must surely be on there. He forgets deletes some of the things he's had a fleeting interest in and he can't remember when he last took photos. He hopes there isn't anything too off-putting on there.
“Th-that is,” Sherlock fumbles, “I mean, y-you always, erm, well, I think, I-I like, well not like, but that c-colour is, well. But of course beauty is a construct built of childhood impressions and role models. But y-you, are.” He stops while alarm bells scream in his head. Loudly. The silence that had been comfortable and tinged with anticipation is now deafening agony.
“What’s up Greg?” John asked, feeling a cold pit in his stomach. This had something to do with Sherlock, he was sure of it. Greg rubbed a hand through his hair and sighed, looking a bit uncomfortable.
"Get this crazy bastard off me!" the thief yells with a fresh bout of wriggling. "I didn't do anything!"
“Sally,” John said, glaring at Phil as he tried not to laugh. Phil stormed away, red in the face, and John allowed himself a small chuckle. Sherlock snorted something that sounded like “idiot” and went back to the book.
Sherlock gradually becomes aware of a heavy weight on his back, wait, no two heavy weights on his back, weights that feel very much like John's hands. His own hand is trapped between his and John's groins, sticky and cooling and covered in their come. His head is pillowed on John's shoulder and John is... John is pressing kisses into his mussed curls. He feels lightheaded and utterly boneless and, despite the encroaching discomfort of his sweaty shirt sticking to his back and cramp in his hand, he never wants to move. Ever.
"Sherlock!" John cuts me off, tutting in mock annoyance. He is grinning again as I push him back towards the bed, encouraging him onto his stomach and straddling his thighs.
He could barely believe this was real. Only a few days since he had finally given up holding back and allowed just a fraction of the desire he felt for John to show on his face, for the briefest of moments. It was all that John had been waiting for, closing the distance between them to press their mouths together in a perfect kiss. Sherlock's lips tingled at the memory of that first, almost painfully tender embrace, and he flushed a little at the thought of the kisses that had followed. John had backed away slowly and reluctantly, insisting that they go slowly. Sherlock was equal parts annoyed and grateful for John's strength in this. He had found himself unexpectedly tentative and shy, relying on John's gently guiding hand and whispered admiration in these early days. As a small boy he had struggled to interpret his emotions and would often find himself overwhelmed to the point of lashing out in frustration. John was patient and he was kind, never patronising, and never hurtful. Somehow it seemed John instinctively knew exactly what Sherlock wanted and needed, and he merely acted on this knowledge.
“Don’t worry, I won’t tell the others,” he whispered. He looked down at his feet sadly and then, shaking off whatever had made his shoulders slump like that, he took off down the hallway to his art class.
John looks a bit stunned, a bit bashful and a whole lot delighted. His smile is warm and genuine and Sherlock can't keep staring at John like that, it scares people. So he's been told. He looks away, the brilliance of John's acceptance too bright to his eyes. John reaches out and twines their fingers together across the table. Sherlock's sharp intake of breath makes him hesitate, and Sherlock instantly curses himself as he tightens his grip and refuses to let John take his hand back. He looks up and they hold each other's gaze as John rubs gentle circles into the back of Sherlock's hand with his thumb. Sherlock thinks he could die here, right now, and know nothing but happiness.
He stretches, extending his arms high above his head and pulling his back straight, rolling his shoulders before settling back down again. A tiny sound echoes from the other end of the room, behind the carrels of dusty old books. Sherlock frowns and peers around his computer, looking for any sign of movement. There is none. He starts to get up, intending to investigate, then pauses. No, stick to the script and catch the person in the act. If it's Seb, he'll be disappointed but unsurprised. All the more reason to find a flat of his own as soon as humanly possible.
Sherlock was startled from his thoughts by a loud shout from upstairs, followed by a colorful stream of curses. He frowned and was just standing up to investigate when John came thumping downstairs, making for the linen cupboard. He was muttering under his breath, more cursing.
Sherlock hatches a plan to catch whoever it is leaving him notes. It's a simple plan, really - go to the library, make sure he's seen going up to his his desk for a couple of hours, feign going to the loo and dart back to see if anyone is leaving him a note. He feels more than a little ridiculous doing it, but if it works...
Mike shrugged. "And ze boys, if zat is what you like," he murmured quietly. John blinked at him for a moment, feeling the beginnings of a blush creep onto his face. He stuttered a noncommittal reply and followed Mike to French, forcing himself not to watch out for a tall boy with luscious dark curls.
He so badly wants this to go perfectly. He wants to be funny and charming and to hear John laugh and to see John smile at him. He wants to hold John's hand across the table and brush their legs against each other under the table. He wants John to kiss him when they leave, to kiss him properly, on the mouth. He wants John to come back to his crappy flat with him, to sit on his bed and kiss him some more. He wants to feel John's hands on him, unbuttoning his shirt and stroking his chest while John kisses his throat and-
I remember saying once that the chemistry of love is very simple and very destructive. Hope, however; hope is immensely more so. Hope is infinite, infiltrating the small spaces between one’s ribs and eventually filling one’s entire chest cavity. Hope is visceral, an irrepressible, immortal optimism that burrows its way into one’s heart where it has no place ever being. Hope keeps one returning night after night, coming back to a life of which one was never meant to be part. Hope is all I have left.
"Yes, John," I whisper, writhing on the sticky sheets beneath him. I want to feel his pleasure, I want it on my skin and I want him all over me. He moans low in his throat, voice gone rough and deep, then suddenly he is coming, spurting onto my bare bottom and thighs. I sigh in satisfaction and rub myself onto the bed. My oversensitive skin tickles and John flops down beside me.
The restaurant should have been my first clue. Should have been. At the time I was too focused on getting back to
"No, no Sherlock," he soothes, lifting away my pillow and forcing me to bring my arms up to support my neck and head. "I want to hear you, I want to hear every gorgeous noise you can make, love," he says. Then he lowers his head and begins lapping at my hole, kissing and sucking and licking and...
"Oof!" he exclaims when John slaps his hand, albeit gently, to Sherlock's chest. Sherlock sits up, confused.
I'm only out for a couple of minutes but when I open my eyes everything still feels a little fuzzy. I hear grunting up ahead and I manage to rally my faculties sufficiently so that I can raise my head and peer through the dim light to see what's going on.
John comes with me on cases again now. I don’t take anything with children and Lestrade doesn’t ask me to. I still have nightmares. So does John. When either of us wakes in a cold sweat we go to the other. I did it first, climbing in beside John just to feel his chest moving in and out with his breaths. It calmed my mind enough for sleep to find me again. He did the same the next night. Since then we’ve shared a bed 57 times. I sleep best with John.
John came back into the sitting room carrying a bundle of spare bed linens. He strode over to the sofa and dumped the bundle in a heap.
John moved his hand to tug the curls at the back of Sherlock's neck, pulled sharply and crashed their mouths together once more. This kiss was messy but no less sweet, and this time Sherlock couldn't hold back his moans. Distantly he heard himself make a low, rather helpless sound as John tenderly explored and coaxed and stroked. Sherlock's hands flew up to John's shoulders and he held on, only vaguely aware that he was harder than he'd even been in his life and desperate not to come in his pants like a schoolboy.
"Yeah well, you'd be constantly going on about him if he was your boyfriend," John mumbles even as he looks up at Sherlock with soft affection radiating from his expression. Greg laughs, a couple of the others watching their conversation joining in and smiling.
"What the hell are you apologising for, you idiot?" John says, wiping his eyes. He reaches forward and cups Sherlock's face in his hands, pulling him close. "That was the most beautiful music I've ever heard."
As it is, he flops down face first onto his neatly made bed. (For all that he is barely an adult, he isn't an animal, unlike some.) His sheets are soft and comforting, and before he realises, Sherlock is drifting into a doze. He hasn't slept in three (or maybe four?) days, and he's more tired than he thought. Forcing himself to sit up, he takes off his shoes and socks, wriggles out of his  coat and lies back down on top of the bedclothes, feet dangling over the edge of the bed. It's not that late but the halls of residence are dark and peaceful. It's hateful.
Sherlock stares at Will's earnest, friendly face and shakes his head as Greg saunters back into the main locker room. "What are you up to, Huddles?" he grins. Will bites his lip and laughs. "Stop bugging John's lovely fella!"
“We’ll see,” he said curtly, then immediately launched into a detailed explanation of redox reactions. John scrambled to keep up and began taking copious notes as Sherlock talked, trying not to lose his train of thought by watching his tutor instead of paying attention to the subject matter. That's was what had got him into trouble in the first place.
“Yeuch!” exclaimed Seb’s voice. “How could he not notice that little fairy was hitting on him?! It’s pathetic, that’s what it is.”  Carl loudly agreed with this and made pretend vomiting noises into his hands.
“The one I attended once, corrected the idiot directing the class, was asked to leave, then passed anyway? Yes?”
The phone is silent. Sherlock paces. The phone stays silent. Sherlock fiddles with his books and re-sorts his sock index. The phone is still silent. He picks up his violin and screeches a few arpeggios.
Mycroft watches me silently. Mrs Hudson brings him tea and he thanks her. She leaves. I see all of this and none of it. I continue plucking at the strings, not producing any melody as such, merely taking some measure of comfort in the action alone.
I feel a hand on my shoulder and I give no reaction. A sigh, a shrug, a promise to check in with me later. A gentle nudge, a push towards John, a murmur that he needs me now, more than ever. I blink. Lestrade is wrong. He doesn’t need me now. I doubt he ever will again, not after this.
John looked at him warily. Sherlock held his ground, waiting until whatever internal battle was being fought in John’s head ended. A flicker of something that was more than trepidation but less than fear flashed across John’s face, chased by several other emotions which appeared and disappeared just as quickly. John sighed, rubbed his face with one hand and stood.
“Oh, and he drives a van but wants to be a pilot,” Sherlock pronounces. John gapes at him incredulously, then laughs again. Sherlock thinks that John’s laughter may be his favourite sound in the world, beating out any violin concerto by a country mile.
Sherlock stares down at the latest post it, stuck to the desk in the few minutes he'd gotten up to use the loo and find an obscure reference book in the stack at the far end of the floor. He peers around, looking for signs that anybody is nearby. There's no-one there. Who the hell is leaving him these flirty notes?
The sound of his phone vibrating in his hand shakes him from his thoughts. John has texted him again.
John's face is flushed, his pupils blown to eclipse all but a thin circle of blue, his lips are reddened and he is licking them unconsciously as he stares back at Sherlock. Sherlock is elated; he did that.
“Right then,” John said, crossing his arms. “That’s how you feel about it, is it?” Phil opened his mouth to reply but closed it again sharply when Seb elbowed him in the side.
Sherlock nods. "There's a little coffee shop, hole in the wall almost, just up Old Middle Lane," he begins. John's eyes light up.
Sherlock can't help it. His mouth drops wide open and he makes a noise that is absolutely not a happy squeak. John chuckles again. "So," he says.
“Fine,” John grumbles, “but only because I am so late for rugby practice. I was in such a rush to get here to make sure I didn’t miss you that I forgot to pick up my kit.” He pulls a sheepish face. “I had to run back to my room to grab my stuff, and I’m still going to be late.”
“At least I have a very good excuse for being late,” he says softly, leaning up and pressing a gentle kiss to Sherlock’s cheek. Then he chucks his bag over his shoulder and jogs away towards the pitches.
"Leave," John says quietly. Bracing himself, he straightens his shoulders and looks directly at me. His gaze is steady and unwavering but I can see the thin edge of hope and sadness there, hidden deep but shining as the stars to my eyes.
“Well,” he started, then stopped, looking over John’s shoulder. John turned to see Mike standing behind him. Mike simply nodded at Greg and John got impatient.
I join them on the patio and have to stand by helplessly, lost in a fugue as John bears the brunt of my folly. Yet again. I cannot keep doing this to him, I will not. John’s voice wavers. He is losing his control, it’s slipping and we can all see it. I tell him resignedly that there is no alternative. I loathe and despise everything about this entire fiasco. I am ending this now.
Right, Sherlock thinks. He spends a few hours typing up his notes, getting lost in the formulas and equations he's been working on. When the bell sounds to indicate that the library will close soon, he sighs and stretches in his seat. Mrs Hudson will let him stay a bit longer but he is a bit tired, having not slept in two days, and he should probably eat something soon. But before he leaves he needs to deal with the messy medic intruding into his peace.
Sherlock does feel a little bit silly, exchanging notes with this person via post it instead of texting or finding each other on Facebook or whatever it is people of his age normally do with their friends. Not that he'd call this person a friend, per se. It's just that, besides avoiding John Watson's smiles and the taunts of his flatmates, this is the only real interaction he has with anyone on campus. (Mrs Hudson and her lemon cakes don't count, he tells himself.) So what if he's carrying on a conversation by post it?
“You decided to become a doctor not because you found a baby bird when you were seven,” he continues, smiling as John giggles, “but because you thrive on being kept on your toes. You have an innate caring nature, of course, but you like the challenge of studying medicine. You, like me, hate being bored.”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Yes, well…” he mumbled, cheeks flushing a frankly adorable shade of pink. John bit back his smile and set the bee down on top of the pillows. He still had a stuffed rabbit wedged behind his headboard, he wasn’t going to make Sherlock feel bad about the soft toy in his bed.
He reaches down and strokes my leaking cock, pushing his glorious tongue into me at the same moment. I am utterly lost. The pleasure rushes through my entire body as I spill onto the sheets, and I sink down uncaring that I am lying in the mess and probably ruining my shirt. I come back to myself gradually and become aware of John still straddling my behind, his breathing ragged. I realise with a groan of renewed desire that he is touching himself.
Wriggling a little to dislodge John's hands, he reaches forward and hastily fumbles with John's fly. John groans and his hands fall away, one coming to rest on Sherlock's knee, the other flung up over his face as Sherlock frees him from the confines of his jeans. John, Sherlock is both thrilled and terrified to see, isn’t wearing any pants. Also, John is... equipped. Sherlock's mouth begins to water as he sits there admiring John. If he's honest he's a little bit intimidated. Can't be any different than... doing that to himself, surely?
Christ. Too circular, too tired. Anyway, makes no difference. I didn't expect him to come straight back to me (my open arms, always open for you John), except the very small part of me which did. He didn't, that's why I'm standing in the garden watching the house. It would be foolish even for me to think that everything could go immediately back to how it was. I curse my naivety for ever thinking that everything could somehow be the same as it had been. I curse myself harshly back to the moment I knew I had no choice but to go up onto that damned roof. Nothing is ever new. Everything is broken.
That afternoon, as John trotted off to rugby practice, he was still thinking about that tiny smile of Sherlock’s. It was almost like a ‘v’, that smile, curving his full mouth into an odd but lovely shape. He was looking forward to seeing it again at their tutoring session after rugby.
Sherlock is greeted by delicious smells of garlic, wine and meat as he enters the restaurant, and is reminded of spending his summers with his Grandmère as a child. John looks up from the menu when the waiter escorts Sherlock over, smiling as he stands.
John, God love him, just nods and keeps smiling, as if this display of complete idiocy is charming, rather than merely insane. Sherlock scrabbles for his phone in his pocket and flicks the photo app to a picture he'd taken of the fireplace when he first moved in. He offers the phone to John across the table, and their fingers brush for a couple of seconds when John takes it. Sherlock's heart makes a break for it, escaping his ribcage to settle in his mouth.
I am shaking minutely and squeezing away the hateful tears when John returns. As he tenderly cleans the mess on me with a damp cloth from the bathroom, my control snaps. My face crumples and I rub it into the bedclothes to hide it.
John's focus and determination doubles in intensity, and Sherlock can feel his orgasm building in his belly and groin. A hot spike runs through his entire body when John cheats a little and moves one hand from his arse cheek to tease down the crease of his arse through his trousers. John's fingers brush ever so gently over his hole and Sherlock cries out as the pleasure peaks, his climax rushing over him in wave after wave of bliss.
The joy in Sherlock's chest is tinged with a sharp ache of longing. John looks like he belongs here, standing amongst Sherlock's things in a space that Sherlock keeps so private and so protected. He wonders what John would think to know that he is the very first person to be allowed in like this.
John hands him his phone back. "Looks nice," he comments, and Sherlock can't miss the cheeky twinkle in his eyes. Feeling brave, Sherlock goes all in.
', the note announces. Sherlock looks at John, who is grinning widely back at him, leaning back on his hands and pushing his own chest forward, eyes shining with such happiness as Sherlock thinks he is glowing with it.
Greg holds nothing back and swallows Will to the root in one go, moaning around a mouthful of cock. John grunts and gently palms Sherlock through his trousers, leaning up to whisper into his ear.
“You look gorgeous,” John continues, dropping his eyes to the table and fiddling nervously with his fork, as if he’s unsure how this will be received. Sherlock is astounded and gapes stupidly for a moment. When he recovers he tries to return the compliment.
John laughed and rolled them over, so Sherlock was lying over him. He stroked Sherlock's back and kissed him tenderly. "Okay love, lie down."
Each day after that, Sherlock finds a note stuck to the desk. He replies to every single one. Mrs Hudson catches him smiling more often and, since he's usually the only one occupying the second floor, starts bringing him treats from her kitchen. Just this once, dear, she says. Sherlock hides his grin behind mouthfuls of tart, scone and traybake.
Alright? He asks. I nod. He kisses me again. I hope he never stops. Six months is a long time to wait, and yet no time at all.
John's mouth drops open and Lestrade's gasp is probably audible on the other side of London. Belatedly I figure out that somehow my sluggish brain chose to verbalise that particular thought. Oh no.
Sherlock nods to Molly, who hides a smile as she prepares their drinks. They sit down at one of the three tables squashed into the tiny shop. Sherlock feels John's knee pressed against his and, feeling somewhat daring, he shuffles a little closer. They're not looking at each other but Sherlock can feel John's smile as if it were the sun itself shining on him. Molly brings over their order and a slice of chocolate cake, accompanied by two forks. Sherlock shoots her a look but she just shrugs and goes back to scooping beans out of the giant bag into jars. She pretends not to watch them and Sherlock pretends not to notice.
Think of something else. Something that isn't John's eyes, or his touch, or his laugh. Seb's crusty sock down the side of the sofa. Victor reheating fish pie in the microwave. The chemical formula of violin rosin.
Grumpily, he storms out of the library and towards his tutorial, nose buried in his phone. If he'd be concentrating properly he might've seen someone standing chatting to Mrs Hudson, a brilliantly warm smile on their face.
My brain is slowly going completely offline. All I am aware of is John's mouth on me and his last word. 'Love'. John called me 'love'. I hear him saying it again and again, echoing in the corridors and hallways and rooms and gardens and all of the spaces in my mind.
'Removing your illegible and inaccurate notes does not constitute tidying.'  He leaves it sticking out of the OED, open to the page on which the definition of 'tidy' is displayed.
'Don't be ridiculous. You're still drinking the cafeteria sludge. Clearly you don't know good coffee from horse piss.'
It was a long 45 minutes but for John it was over too quickly. He felt a bit overwhelmed but as though he now understood concepts he’d been struggling with much better following Sherlock’s somewhat terse explanations than he ever had with Dr Bradstreet.
“Sibling?” he asks. Sherlock huffs.  John grins and gives in. “Sister.” Sherlock frowns. So hard to tell on so little data. There’s always something.
This statement pulled John up short and he looked questioningly at Mike. Mike shrugged. “I like him,” he said simply. Greg nodded in agreement.
Sherlock dropped his hand back to himself only to have John bat it away with a growl. When John’s hand closed around his cock, Sherlock cried out.
"Fucking hell, I'm in," Fletcher sounded rather enthusiastic. He did say he had a lot of energy, after all. "For anything. Wait'll you see these two, love."
The man threw one arm behind his head, scooting up to prop himself up on a cushion to grin at Mycroft, naked and sticky from neck to groin. "Yeah. Lovely," he echoed with a wink.
"Yes. Well done. Correct on all counts. And ta very much for that display of skill, but it really wasn't necessary." John leaned in and lowered his voice. His face had gone tight during Sherlock's speech. "I was actually already impressed by what you can do."
John felt for a moment like the ground fell away from under his feet. He didn't fall, though. He was lifted up on flames. He wanted nothing more than to launch himself into Sherlock's arms, except that Sherlock's arms were now folded over his chest, close and defensive. "So, what's wrong?"
thought I couldn't have you myself, I would want to see you happy. With someone you could love. I think your Mr. Holmes would want the same for you. Who is he, after all, to lay claim to your affections?"
He'd taken a few uneventful walks around parts of the island, considering them patrols and probably in line with his still unspecified duties. The leg of his patrol that had taken him past Raz's studio had been particularly quiet. The windows were shuttered and John could only assume Raz was hard at work on the Vermeer for Miss Wenceslas.
"So that's what I want to do," Lyons looked down into his half-empty beer glass, a rather adorably shy smile playing around his lips. "Open a big shelter, you know? Take in abandoned dogs, strays and what not and train them, socialize them properly. And we can do classes to teach the new owners how to work with them."
"It's quite simple, John, really." Sherlock produced a stack of blue cards from behind his back. "All your cues are here. All you have to do is read."
No, that was unfair…John adored Mrs. Hudson and didn't begrudge her family or friends or festivity or any good thing in the world. He was more than a little puzzled with Sherlock's attitude towards the whole affair, though. On one hand, Mrs. Hudson was a much appreciated employee and it was completely understandable Sherlock would grant her request to host this event. On the other hand, Sherlock had been in—and there was no better way to put it—a complete
, John had begun to think, those times when their warm and smiling looks at one another lingered just a bit longer than could be considered
"How does a gondola ride in Venice sound? Or the skyline view from a penthouse in New York? Fireworks over Hong Kong. Dancing the tango in Buenos Aires. In fact, why don't I just take you all the way around the world? For you, Janine, twice."
Mycroft carried his glass of scotch and his cigarettes out to the gazebo overlooking the rocky north beach. It had been teeming with people during the day, dancing and talking and doing the things people seemed to do, but now it was quiet and deserted, waves lapping rhythmically against the beach. Flashes of distant lightning flickered gold and purple light through the heavy, rolling clouds obscuring the night sky.
be afraid of a woman like her. Radka Wenceslas was intimidating. She made certain of it. She was tall and sharp and strong and she made the most of it. Her lipstick matched her red-soled pumps, and the necklines of her fitted black dresses did not hide the scars near the base of her throat. All of it she had earned.
Ushi rolled onto her side and peered up at them, panting happily, like she was pleased with Henry, too.
John turned to look and couldn't help a surprised smile. Henry Knight had Ushi's leash in one hand and Lyons' hand in the other. Both were looking at him with the same brown-eyed adoration. Henry was smiling so hard John thought it must be hurting his face, glowing with pride.
Sherlock tugged his white jacket down and sniffed. He looked a little pink, like maybe he'd gotten too much affection on him, or possibly over-exerted himself. "I mentioned our client."
to that. But mostly I want to see what I'm going to be fantasizing about in the shower for the next week or month or year or however long it takes us to get through all these."
Sherlock glared at the top of Mrs. Hudson's head and drew himself up, re-asserting his presence. "Welcome to Fantasy Island, Mr. Lyons," he said, just a bit on the loud side.
John sucked in a breath at the sudden intensity in Sherlock's eyes. Those Caribbean-clear eyes that John had fallen into and drowned inside and no wonder he couldn't breathe. "I…yeah, I know you do. This job…"
Radka paused before she followed, turning back toward the church.  Her eyes lingered, troubled, on the scaffolding for a long moment before she walked away.
The plane banked left, treating John to an incredible view of a double waterfall sparkling prisms as it cascaded between lush green folds of mountainside.
"Oh, bless, they're so excited." Mrs. Turner cast a fond gaze over her shoulder, focused on the two men currently embracing in the center of the scrum. "So kind of them to invite their poor little old landlady. I do love a wedding."
"John." Sherlock repeated, as though his name was an important opening line. "As you are aware, my work is deducing and fulfilling fantasies."
When Sherlock put his big hands on John's shoulders, held him steady, and stepped closer, John's heart almost stopped.
okay. Some things aren't meant to sit behind glass," Andy said fiercely. "They're made to be touched."
Together they darted down narrow, cobbled streets in the tricky light of sunset, past glimpses of the Soviet tanks in the Town Square, past the cold-eyed soldiers, and scrambled up the scaffolding, small and agile as rats--Mikolas, slight and pale, and Radka, already tall for her age, a stringy girl with stringy brown hair.  They'd marked the window so they wouldn't forget the right one. They shimmied over the sill and into the third story gallery of Kinský Palace.
Sherlock shook his head as though John was being remarkably obtuse. "So that's settled. You'll accept the position."
Mycroft pushed himself up, away from the man, off the sofa, and tugged his trousers up. "Yes." He cleared his throat. "It was. Lovely. Thank you."
"I studied Miss Wenceslas's personal history. Deduced her aesthetic, philosophical, and sexual preferences. And reminded her of them. Simple, really."
John swallowed hard. He'd never said it out loud, or even inside his own head, but…yes. That was exactly how he felt working here. Except it wasn't the work itself, it was
Lyons slid his hand, his strong, reassuring hand, into Henry's, and stroked his thumb over the backs of Henry's knuckles.
Sherlock's pale skin had a beautiful sheen in the soft light coming through his bedroom window, but John was almost more fascinated by the room itself than by the contours of Sherlock's body.
"People are the pit." John nodded. He was starting to get a horrible, oh-god-I've-gone-wrong feeling in his stomach. The pit of it. "Okay, but…you're doing all this
"No, er, no problem," John said a little unconvincingly. Okay, a lot unconvincingly. He was a little keyed up. Okay, a lot keyed up. It was his game show host debut, after all. And here was Sherlock, the bastard, looking so delighted John was glad he'd given in and gone onstage after all. And the whole thing had made John
lark wasn't going to work. I should have known better after saving you from Mycroft was such a disaster—"
So John's excitement level pulsed when, just after his morning tea, he received a text from Sherlock to meet him once again at the island's reception garden. New guests, perhaps. Or a
that John Watson. You always will be." Sholto drew back and folded his arms, giving John an appraising look. "And I think your Mr. Holmes and I are not, in the end, so dissimilar."
"I think you'll find the question is referring to ill health," Sebastian interjected, "rather than assault by ruffians."
and such rot. He wasn't given to self-indulgence. But things on the island were changing. There was a storm coming in. And Mycroft had always loved a good storm.
Sherlock slapped his mobile down on top of the map of Prague spread across his tray table. "Nothing. Nothing to drink. Nothing to eat. No coffee. No champagne. No crisps. No dessert. No hot towels. No extra blanket. No headphones. No in-flight entertainment. Nothing. I am
Sherlock stood there, frozen in the middle of his last word. The tip of his tongue was stuck to the roof of his mouth. His eyes wouldn't blink. He had on a white suit and no shoes. He didn't have shoes. Everything was quiet. And he
The island sparkled in the morning sun in the aftermath of the previous evening's storm. John knew the staff had been up before dawn clearing away fallen leaves and debris from the paths, straightening wind-tattered flower garlands. At Mrs. Hudson's invitation, he'd met her and her niece Molly for breakfast, and the conversation was proving revelatory.
John bit his lip, still tingling from Sherlock's teeth, and sat down in the sand, too, wriggling his bare feet while he waited patiently. He tried not to feel too smug, or too giddy with anticipation of their next experiments, but he mostly failed.
," Sherlock said. He grasped John by the shoulders. "This morning. All of it, John. This is my fantasy. The answer to your question."
She patted his leg. "You're a good man, John Watson. A good friend to my boy. You deserve this trip. I know you've had a hard time of it, dear, but you deserve good things."
"I did try to get in touch," John said quietly. The skin of the left side of Sholto's face, his neck, his hand, was thickened with burn scars. "After."
"I wonder why not," Mrs. Hudson said wearily. "Sherlock, I know this sort of thing is difficult for you—"
"Mm." A pet shop specializing in exotic birds was also a possibility. Sherlock brought up both the Starbucks' and the shop's hours on-screen and began typing a quick text to Mycroft.
Janine broke into a blinding smile. "Oh my god, then all of you! I'll have all of you!" She sprang from her stool and ran across the stage, around the panel, where she was met halfway by her new admirers. After a collective pause to take each other in, they flung themselves together, a huddle of bent heads and delighted laughter.
Sherlock, on the other hand, was very old - and could be happy with his life. Except for this last day, it was worthless if he could judge. He took his walking stick and stood up. He was still taller than Jim, and he was delighted.
"But that doesn't stop you from doing good deeds," John points to the empty box in Sherlock's hands, which he knows was a moment ago full of honey goodies.
John was an ordinary guy who happened to survive the war and now can't be without it. Sherlock was an above-average intelligent bastard who invented his own profession.
As if he had a cold and all the smells, so clear until then, had disappeared from the world. And where there were no smells, there were no feelings. At this time, he usually didn't understand the creature he was a week ago, two weeks ago ... he was a stranger, someone who was prevented from listening to primordial instincts only by an iron will. It was confusing ...
Slender fingers scoop something golden yellow and hot into a paper cup. It smells like honey. After all, like the whole stand.
"..That I'm not at all surprised," John replied, but she was already behind the beaded curtain. When she returned, she was carrying a ten-inch-tall figure of a horned animal. It could be a pretty imitation of an antique if it didn't have an absolutely contemporary statement embossed on it below:
He has a glass of whiskey in his hand and sweats, even though it´s only ten degrees in the house and the fire in the fireplace is fading.Three days to the full moon. He smells deer in the nearby forest.He hears cars on the road eight kilometers away.He sees microscopic cracks in the plaster.
"You gave me a goat figurine, John. You probably bought it at that esoteric shop in Soho last week. "
His roommate appeared in the bathroom doorway. His face was also ornated with a few abrasions, as well as that unbearably god-like expression. His hair was tousled and his expensive shirt was torn in two places on the front.
for you," he told him then, and John's gaze then involuntarily slid down his throat - exposed, white and so beautifully fragile that he longed to bite into it immediately, whetherthere would be any reason for that.So he bought the glass and quickly dropped out of the Christmas fair.
And I must say that he was quite successful. So successful that it completely engulfed me. I was fascinated by the dance they circled around each other, the chemistry that was unmissable.
Dr. Watson is the type who brought tea towels because they were missing from the kitchen, bought a full bag of detergents, because under the sink it looked like he was about to develop a new species, he's just the type who can't ignore hunger and fills the fridge with food instead of samples ...
They were of varying intensity over the phases of the moon, but he had already learned how to tame them. More or less. He was able to combine his predatory instinct with the sexual one, and when he added the fact that he wasn't very picky ... The victim, or rather his partner, had to be submissive, and that was all he cared about. At that time, both were satisfied. He wouldn't be able to fight for supremacy in bed. It might not end well.
Sherlock turns and walks to the kitchen. The things of his new roommate are there. He inadvertently touches the mug with the sign of his military unit, imagining if he has such a tattoo somewhere on his body ... no, Dr. Watson is not that type of guy.
He remembered Jim from the bar. He was small, like John, but much more subtle. He had graceful movements of a gay man, though he could master it. He could be willing ...
"-You did it once, remember? I promise I won't get angry again. ”He placed his palm on the glass as if waiting for something. Despite his sadness, he smiled, raised one corner of his mouth, and searched the Sherlock's eyes.
," he said with unbearable tenderness as he penetrated John and the doctor's loud sigh was the sound of the fall of the last wall still separating them.
Now he drove thirty miles to the district hospital, taking double shifts, not minding work at night if he could take time off. They thought he was a bit of an annoying weirdo, but he did the job conscientiously, didn't neglected the patients, didn't constantly growl because of his low salary, so there was no reason not to accommodate each other.
