An unexpected punch hits him in the side head, sending black stars dancing through Castiel’s vision. He groans, trying to pull himself out from under the man. A sharp pain on the area where his neck meets his shoulder has him hissing and trying to yank his body away. A hand pushing down on his shoulder holds him still as he feels a wet tongue licking it’s way up his neck to his ear.
“Follow me,” she says walking through the slowly opening doors.
And that, Dean thinks, is the best news he’s heard since he got out of the hospital.
The pounding in his head seems to keep time with the slapping of skin, and suddenly the thrusting doesn’t seem so dry. There is a wet sound as Dean pulls back enough that he’s almost out of him, before pounding back in. Pain shoots through his body and a scream rips out of Castiel’s throat, knowing that the wet sound is his own blood. The warm huff of Dean’s breath tickles his ear and makes his hair stand up on end. No, not Dean. Not
He hears Crowley mumbling curses as Sam frantically grabs the chains on the table behind him. Castiel’s eyes never leave the door as they wait. He can feel Dean’s energy radiating from behind the closed door making the hair on his arms raise. It’s powerful.
The storm raging outside wasn’t anything compared to the storm raging inside Castiel’s fierce glare.
Dean cringes at the warm breath on the back of his neck. It’s just
Sneezing, Dean rubs his nose realizing he’s never been around his brother out of the hospital when he’s been upset or really any other emotion other than his usual carefree self. It’s unsettling how much scenting his own family for the first time after years of Sam becoming beta bothers him. He’s known betas carry a scent, albeit it be subtle, it’s still there. Why hasn’t he cared enough to even ask? Has he really been so self involved that he’s ignored asking his brother about something as simple as his own scent? Nowadays that’s almost like common introductory starters for people who first meet.
Castiel looks up at him, but instead of seeing the careful suspicion from just moments before, they look so incredibly sad. Dean takes a step back, eyes searching his friends face trying to understand why he looks so…so broken.
Narrowing his eyes as Dean takes the outstretched phone, bringing it to ear and murmurs his presence, Castiel’s chest tightens again. He watches as Dean’s body instantly goes stiff, and on impulse takes a step forward. Sam’s hand grips his shoulder firm enough it stops. He whips around, shaking the hand away, mouth open to question why, but Sam just mouths the word “no”, shaking his head looking as frustrated as he feels. Castiel turns back to Dean in confusion, feeling like he’s missing a piece and the other two brothers know where it is. Dean stands there, eyes closed tightly, his face holding nothing but anger as he grips the phone so tightly Castiel wonders how it isn’t broken.
“Castiel.” A honeyed voice, purrs.
“But you fought against him. You didn’t completely give in, right?” Sam asks.
Cain casts a hard look back at Dean, and shakes his head as he turns walking away. “No.”
Dean opens his mouth to reply, but Castiel hisses in pain, his hand flying up to his lip. Dean’s body jerks to move forward off the couch and over to check on him, but he catches himself at the last minute remembering his presence is probably the last thing Castiel wants close to him.
Unable to say anything more he just stares back at him, letting himself get caught up in Castiel’s eyes. Dean brings a shaky hand up and grips his alpha’s uniform like a lifeline.
“You remember trials to seal the gates of Hell?” Castiel asks.
Cas doesn’t even have to say anything else, because Dean knows exactly what he means. His body feels itchy, almost like it’s uncomfortable in it’s own skin. The feeling of restlessness is coming back, zapping away his euphoric adrenaline feeling. Dean almost pouts –
Speaking of music, its Tuesday. Do you know what song I heard at work today!? You guessed it. -_-' Fricken Heat Of The Moment. Sadistic bastards working the playlist, snickering in their bigshot chairs knowing someone, somewhere, is freaking the eff out.. Ahem. Yup.
“It isn’t what you think,” Dean hears himself say.
For ruining the only good thing that Dean’s ever had going for him in his fucked up life. For Gordon being a homophobic, sick sadistic, twisted asshole. For seeking out to cause problems just because – in Gordon’s head – it was wrong. For even thinking it was okay to say the utter grotesque things in front of Dean. For saying everything he said about his friends he loves like his own family.
“What Sam?” He snaps back.
Dean just rolls his eyes and lets the heels of his boots bounce off the side of the brick building as he continues to swing them back and forth. Together, they stare out to the red, pink and purple sky as the last rays of sunlight fall over them.
The bruising from Benny is slowly fading, but still every time Dean looks in the mirror he sees the ring of sickening yellows and purples circling his neck. Touching it doesn’t hurt as much, or maybe he’s just gotten use to the pain. Either way, when Dean talked to Sam a few days ago he didn’t mean to go about using the same kind of method. That seems a little unorthodox for a doctor to try, at least. Sam wouldn’t…he couldn’t do that to someone, could he?
Slowly, as if Castiel knows exactly what he’s asking, he moves just enough forward that their lips brush in a barely there kiss. Dean’s eyes go wide, unable to help the tiny gasp leaving his mouth before hesitantly nudging forward and brushing his lips against Castiel’s again.
Dean walks up to the passenger door watches Sam walk to their door and disappear inside trying to figure out how to wake up Cas. He settles for knocking on the window. Castiel doesn’t even move. Not even a twitch. Frustrated, Dean grabs the handle and opens the door. Castiel gasps awake, half suspended outside the car the only thing keeping him from landing face first on the asphalt is his seatbelt.
“You see,
“Dean! DEAN!” Sam brings the phone away from his ear, and looks at the screen in defeat. “He’s gone. The line went dead.”
Trying to open his eyes is almost like a feat in itself, but still he manages. Blinking then open slowly Dean sees nothing but a bright blue sky above him.
Dean pulls the phone away from his ear as Sam screams his name. He doesn’t bother glancing at Cain, but walks across the room and lets himself out the door and onto the porch. “Yeah, I know. I’m actually –”
“You saw Sam?” He asks after a beat of silence.
Still slightly out of it, Dean rises to his feet on autopilot and walks to the door. He opens it to reveal Sam standing outside of it with his head tilted to the side holding his phone where his ear is pressed against his shoulder while holding onto a metal pot with two hand towels. Dean ends the call and shoves his phone into his pocket before stepping aside to let his brother through.
Honestly, Dean isn’t exactly thrilled about digging through that blurred haze of everything that happened. It’s repressed for a reason, right? He knows the gist what happened, but when he tries to think about the tiny details and the why…it’s all fuzzy and just a mixture of images and muddled words. Though he knows Castiel’s reason for needing him to give him
that Cas was it for him.
“What? Mating bonds?”
“I don’t hear you coming up with any other options!”
Crowley pushes up from the wall he’s leaning against and takes a step closer. “I gave you my option – the only option there is. You’re too stubborn to even consider it.”
Sam looks back and forth between them slowly, mulling over the words. “And what if we find no way?”
“You!” Castiel steps towards the demon, watching Crowley’s gruesome true face flicker through his human vessel. “You did this!”
Dean tenses. Sharp words, ready to defend himself being anything less than fine are on the tip of his tongue. His usual argument of still being able to kick anyone’s ass despite his omega status pushes to the forefront of his mind, which makes him flinch.
Castiel gives a minute, letting the long red light turn green before he responding. “I bought it for him for Christmas last year. He was always complaining about how slow the computers are there.”
“Dean…He…” Castiel clears his throat, trying to work some of the roughness. He straightens his back, grits his teeth and looks over Cain’s shoulder, still unable to meet his eyes. “I watched Dean die. The Mark brought him back. Dean is losing himself in the Mark. We only need to find a cure-“
Mind spinning with the whiplash Charlie and Bobby just threw at him, Dean fumbles for something to say. His mouth opens and closes like a fish out of water as watches Bobby stand up from behind his desk.
But now, after the fact, if he wants to make things to be any better Dean know he’s going to have to come clean with why he lied, or why felt like he couldn’t be honest in the first place. He knows, eventually, things will come to a head where he will have to end up explaining why he came back even more frustrated than when he left. It’s embarrassing enough in his own head, let alone saying it out loud. But Castiel ins’t dumb. The angel will put together that that’s why Dean’s been more on edge and jumpier since he’s been back.
“Dean, I can’t – I can’t –” Dean watches as Castiel’s eyes close tightly, sweat beading up over his forehead. “I can’t hold back much longer. I need you to tell me what to do. Please. Before I can’t stop anymore.”
“I had to keep my promise to Colette. I had to put it where no one would think to look for it, and far away from myself.” Dean flinches as Cain’s hand touches his shoulder. He half expects the touch to be laced with pain. “You have to promise me something. When I call on you to come find me, you will use the Blade on me.”
“Shit, he’s strong!” The beta huffs as he struggles to hang onto him.
Crowley huffs and stops beside the window looking out with a bored look on his face. “The window needs to be boarded up. We’ll need to get a chair stronger than that toothpick you have in the other room.”
Dean blinks trying to ground himself, attempting to pull himself back like his therapist taught him, but he
They also have ruts once a year, which is pretty much prime time for finding a mate or getting someone knocked up. The ruts usually last anywhere from three to five days depending on a whole bunch of factors Dean hasn’t cared listen or read about. Why should he? He isn’t an alpha.
“Knock it off!” Dean growls, his head really start to pound. Moving around Sam, he gets in between them pushing both of them back. “Seriously you guys?”
“Cas, just listen to him.” Sam rests a hand on his shoulder.
Hello there, loves! Hope you all are doing well. I wanted to get this chapter out before next week, and let you all know the anniversary of my soulmates death is coming up so it might be a wee bit longer than usual. But I *will* be working on it.
*~*~*~*
He gestures to the computer on the desk. “The few alpha’s I’ve actually got to speak to after an attack say they just caught a whiff of the person, and by person I mean omega, and they couldn’t help themselves or stop. They didn’t even try to find some shady dark alley, they just pinned them up against their car and fucked them.” Sam shudders and looks back at Dean. “That isn’t something I want for you so I got you something.”
Tell him what to do? Since when do omegas call the shots? Shouldn’t he be taking what he wants regardless what Dean wants?
to, anymore. Too much has happened and so much of it is twisted together with so many other things left unsaid, Castiel’s head begins to throb trying to piece it all together.
They’d had another long movie night, something Cas insisted they do whenever they both had a free night (which ended up being close to every night, regardless of if either of them worked the next morning). They both had passed out on the couch together, which was usual for both of them at this point. He doesn’t remember what he was dreaming, just that someone was gripping and shaking him hard enough that it hurt when he woke up. Cas’ face was close to his, calling out his name with a raised voice. But all Dean was focused on was the deep red mark on the left side of Castiel’s cheek.
“Not this time, Feathers.” Crowley’s demonic face twists into something that might resemble a smirk. “He is causing more harm than good, and losing Hell souls. I can train hellhounds easier than I can that man.” He raises a hand that seems to glow and flicker with an unending burn of hellfire embers. Crowley taps Castiels hand still gripped around his collar. “Let’s talk about this like civilized adults, shall we?”
Throughout the years the grace inside Dean hadn’t faded like everyone in Heaven assumed it would. It grew. Castiel could feel Dean’s yearning for him through their bond even back when the man barely understood what that feeling was. Even when Dean prayed to him he didn’t just hear it – he felt it. Everything between them has always been
Maybe if he were more himself, Dean thinks he might laugh at how a few handful of minutes ago he was accepting his life heading towards an unknown future, and now, how quickly the roles are reversed; but he can’t feel anything.
“Hey Cas, about last night,” Sam says walking past the threshold of the bathroom and clicking on the light with his elbow. “I mean…It wasn’t – Dean would never –”
“I wont let anyone hurt you,” Castiel’s whispers. “You’re safe now. I won’t abandon you. Not now. Not anymore.”
“Wait, what?” Dean rasps out, his voice scraping the insides of his dry throat like sandpaper. He coughs and clears his throat before trying again. “Message you? I have been messaging you. You’ve never responded to me.”
He waits, counting to ten. Cas counts to ten again, before sighing and slipping his off his cup. “Dean, if I’ve done something to upset you or making things ‘weird’ between us, I need you to tell me so I can apologize. I know I have a tendency to do things that might –”
Dean’s out of the car before Sam can even unbuckle his seatbelt. He takes one look at the his car where his keys sit nicely, almost staged, in the front seat of the car. Dean hears Sam walking up behind him and turns at the same time he points to their room.
He smiles back at him, eyes stinging and blurring with emotion. “You’re all I’ve ever wanted. If anything, these awful past weeks have taught me how true that is. Since the moment we met I’ve been absolutely ruined for anyone else, and I’ve never minded.” Huffing out a wet laugh, he leans his forehead against Dean’s. “I love you, Dean Winchester. That’s all I know, and for me, that’s enough.”
“We can get Dean back.” Sam replies, nodding towards Crowley. “But we are going to need his help.”
“Can’t do what?” Sam asks tilting his head, a greasy strand falling over his face.
Castiel looks up at the ceiling desperately trying to blink back tears. He sniffs and huffs out a laugh as a tear escapes down his cheek. “Maybe you got things wrong.”
“I’m Dean,” he says extending a hand. Flinching, he retracts it quickly as he catches sight of the blood staining his hand. “Sorry.”
The diner itself is more or less the same thing as the last hundred places they’ve been. The scent of oil and fried food hits Dean’s nose and his mouth starts watering while Sam scrunches up his face in mild disgust. They chose a booth in the corner, Sam facing the wall while Dean has a good view of the front door.
Dean parks the Impala in front of a rough looking motel Sam had given him directions to. He runs his hand through his hair letting out a breath as he eyes the building. Guess it’s not the worst place they’ve ever had to stay in. He turns to look over at Cas who is slumped against the window, breathing steady and even.
But now that he’s twenty-seven? Now there isn’t really any excuse except Dean just likes touching him. Now that he’s thinking about it, it hasn’t ever really been this much since last year, though. He’s pretty sure he hasn’t been doing anything out of the ordinary, but now that he’s thinking about it, his friend does stand a bit more closer than usual. Their fingers brushing each other while they walk through the woods does seem to linger a bit more than they use to. When they sit by the edge of the creek with their feet in the water, they do tend to press up against each other, their feet pushing back and forth against each other gently.
Dean manages to get himself to the hallway before he hears the door opening. His body tenses as the alpha steps in and heat or not, Dean kicks himself for not even thinking to lock it when he got home. The alpha’s – Castiel, he reminds himself – hair looks even more messy than yesterday. Stubble dusts his face and his clothes look wrinkled and haphazardly thrown on. But his eyes, his bright blue eyes Dean remembers from yesterday, are ringed with red so dark that Dean swears parts of them look purple.
Crowley snorts as he walks back over to the wall. “Rubbish of a plan.”
And Dean was addicted to it all.
The elevator dings its arrival, and before the doors can even open all the way Castiel is out and walking straight down the hallway to Bobby’s office. A few random uniformed police officers look at him as he passes, but no one important enough that he can put a name to the face. He keeps his eye out for any doors looking like supply closets, but by the time he’s in front of Bobby’s open door he hasn’t passed any.
It’s taking everything in him to keep his feet planted on the ground and not launch himself forward, ripping the guy apart. He does not need his, or any, fucking alpha to do or make any decisions regarding his life, ever. He is a grown ass adult, and if he wants to decline medical treatment, then he fucking can.
Finally, Bobby rolls his eyes and motions for Cas to sit. Shaking his head, Castiel just stands there, trying to figure out how to explain to the Chief of Police that he – well maybe not himself exactly, but Charlie –  has something he needs to see. Something to help Dean.
His alpha’s face looks stormy, set in a stern, cold look that Dean imagines police officers are forced to hold, but his eyes… Those blue eyes that he swears must be a color of their own, look down at him full of relief and worry. There is just the faintest hint of red around the edges, but from what Castiel has told him about never letting his alpha out on duty, it’s enough to know how upset he is.
He turns around and looks back towards Dean which earns him a sideways glance before the man clenches his jaw. Castiel sighs and turns his head back to the window, peering out into the darkened land passing by in a blur. It’s no secret that Dean is disappointed in him. If it wasn’t for the fact that some of Dean’s stronger emotions seep through their bond, the looks alone that the man gives him would be enough.
He’s not on the bed anymore? Why did they move him? Breaking his eyes away from Cas, Dean sees that his brother is right. He’s on the floor, but still not any closer to having an idea of why he to there. Looking back to his alpha, he gives a small nod hoping Cas will know what he means.
, his hand ventured a bit too south, brushing against Cas' hardened length bulging through his boxers. He could feel Castiel tensing under him, but he kept pushing, telling himself that maybe it was just nerves. That maybe Cas needed this just as much as he did.
“Humans.” He states, shrugging. “Eh, the Mark thirsts for all kinds.”
“He literally took the shirt off his back to – ”
What the fuck? An omega putting their claim on an alpha? Dean tries to wrap his head around it, but he just keeps thinking back to those first few weeks where the news showed blurred images of omegas getting raped on the street from behind, and the unmistakeable red of blood dripping from their necks. How would an omega even be able to get in a bite?
Two bright blue eyes stare back at him, no long circled with black bags. A healthy looking face moves along with his as he shifts his face to the side. He watches himself in the mirror as his fingers touch his cheeks, trying to find his sunken in cheeks that he had only hours before. Castiel runs his fingertips over the start of his five o’clock shadow loving the tickling feeling he gives him. He marvels, for a moment, at the healthy glow his grace has given him. He had almost forgotten what it was like to feel “well”. Castiel blinks at the stranger, trying to rememorize himself again.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut, dropping his gaze as he tries to get his pounding heart under control. All he sees behind his eyes is Cas’ bruised and bleeding face staring wide eyed with fear and rage back at him. Gritting he teeth Dean knows exactly how he would react being put in Cain’s shoes with his power. Hell, if possible he’d burn the whole damn world down just to save Castiel. He knows he would – will – kill anyone standing in his way getting what he needs. That’s why he’s here, isn’t it? One step closer to doing what needs to be done to get back Castiel’s grace. One step closer to earning back that trust that was stolen from him.
Dean looks up at his reflection slowly and for a second he barely recognizes himself. He looks older, somehow, with tired eyes that have black bags underneath them. When’s the last time he got any amount of decent sleep without having to worry about them getting jumped or attacked? The last place they stayed for the night ended up with Dean waking up when he heard a thud and seeing Castiel sprawled out on the floor next to the tipped over chair he was sitting in. Apparently he’d fallen asleep, then fallen over. After hearing that, he laid awake the rest of the night internally freaking out because angels don’t fucking sleep.
Dean can hear another demon’s life end somewhere behind him, and Crowley mumbling something about his suit getting dirty. Dean wipes his knife on his pants before he looks over to Crowley. The King of Hell holds his Angel Blade loosely, surrounded by three dead demons. Dean’s eyes fall back over to Cain, narrowing at the man as he pushes off the doorframe and taking a step closer to the duo.
what he was thinking), because he grabbed him firmly on both shoulders, dipping his head so that Dean had to look at him in the eyes. His blue eyes were looking back into his so intensely Dean felt compelled not to turn away. There was something meaningful in the look, but Dean’s mind was blank, completely taken aback with how righteously angry Castiel looked.
“It’s a long story, and not the kinda thing I wanna talk about over the phone,” he looks over to the clock on the stove. “You workin’ today? How about an early lunch?”
“He’s back,” Sam says with a sigh of relief. “Yeah, he’s still with me.” He points to the phone, but Dean just shakes his head. With his shaky hands Dean’s not sure he would even be able to hold the phone.
Furrowing his forehead, Dean tries to bypass the numbing static in his mind preventing him from accessing any type of long term memory. His head starts to ache like it usually does when he tries to remember, but he starts to get little tidbits of memories. Most of them of Benny screaming at him. Some of them with Castiel coming over and holding an ice pack to his face.
“The hell you are!” He snaps, trying to push himself up. Pain shoots sharply through his side, carrying throughout his whole body. Screwing his face up in pain, Dean bites back a scream trying to climb up his throat as he tenses just trying to breathe.
Dean wants to deny it. He wants to blame Sam, someone, anyone! He wants this all to just be some big mistake. Maybe a bad dream. Maybe he’s still in a medical induced coma and is actually still on a ventilator. That actually seems like the better option than having a…having a fucking baby maker inside him. Where the hell would the kid even come out at?
“You are the most incredibly real, compassionate man I have ever known. To ever doubt you are anything less than after all these years of knowing you is pure stupidity and my own misplaced fear. Having you as a friend all those years were some of the happiest of my life. I didn’t think it could ever get any better. And then we got together and I realized how wrong I was. If I thought happiness was just knowing you, being intimate with you and being allowed to kiss those sinful lips every day was euphoria.”
The man squeezes his wrist just slightly before stepping closer, their chests practically touching if it wasn’t for their arms in the way. “I can’t go back to living without you.”
'Ello loves. Here we are again! Glad you decided to stick with me. I'm so happy you did. It means a lot. This story is going places, that's for sure. It's building, just bare with me.
The whole night was a mess, and now Dean’s created a whole larger mess with things between them, and the only way to fix it is admit the truth – well, maybe not
. Oh God, does he want. He wants Dean in every way possible he never thought was possible for him to feel, or even dream to feel. He wants to
“Now, now, you insult my intelligence,” Dean says climbing on top of Castiel and straddling him. “You seem to think I did this all without some sort of plan.” He clicks his tongue and leans over him. Castiel flinches at feeling his harden dick pressing against his groin. “I’ve thought of everything. From stealing the car, which, honestly, getting the keys from Dean was easier than I thought it would be, to taking the motel key.” His eyes glint with humor as his fingers graze overtop of Castiel’s –
how much he is hurting. He can practically taste it.
Feeling as though he’s frozen, Castiel watches Dean reach his free hand behind him grabbing the blade and yanking it out. It clatters to the ground as Dean rolls his shoulders turning his head so his black eyes lock with his. The energy around Dean is charged, thick and heavy with his anger. The smirk is gone from his face, leaving it void of any emotion and cold. To call it pissed would be an understatement because this is far more. Castiel swears he can
The Dean he knows and loves has to be in there, somewhere. He will just have to find a way to pull it out and to make him feel again. He has failed the brothers so much, Castiel refuses to fail again. Somewhere in the back of his mind he knows he would never be able to truly harm Dean if it came down to it. The mere thought makes his stomach tighten, painfully.
Panting, Dean glares up at him before he gives a breathless chuckle. “Taking a page out of my own book? My, how the holy have fallen.”
“Cas,” Dean breathes, sliding into the seat across from him. “Man, it’s good to see you.”
Looking back to the pair of betas Dean’s lips twitch threatening to let out another snarl. They both stand there with their smug faces, looking back at him in such a way that Dean knows even if he doesn’t fight them, he just
“I figured that was your problem. Not gettin’ any, right?” Gordon brings his arms down, placing them on the edge of his desk as he leans over, leering across at Dean. “Your guy was good lookin’ enough. I don’t get the whole wanting to stick my dick up another guys ass, but whatever floats your boat. An open willing hole is just as good as any. But then I overheard you and that red headed lesbian talking and your guy ain’t even putting out!”
“I would imagine given his power it would make sense,” Castiel sighs and looks at the closed bedroom door wondering if their last ditch effort will truly work.
“Isn’t that what dating is for? I mean, are you guys just going to give this to the world and expect life to not change?” Dean asks. “Don’t you think there are going to be kids growing up pushing aside the chance for a really good life with someone just because they haven’t found ‘the one’? Who’s to say that that person is even really something great. What if they’re some sort of sick serial killer or rapist? Our bodies just decide that this is it, screw everyone else, you have to be with them? And who’s to say that that someone even runs into their true mate? They could be halfway across the world!”
“Hello Dean,” he says glancing back at the door. “Where’s Sam?”
“My grace,” Castiel says reaching for one of the more cleaner looking needles. “If my grace is what is keeping the Mark from taking over Dean completely, then he needs more.”
“I didn’t think it would work! It was a last ditch effort,” Sam pulls back, smiling so wide Dean feels his anger draining away leaving only the painful emptiness aching inside his chest. When was the last time he saw his brother smile like that? Hell, when has anyone had a reason to smile like that? “You were fading so much faster than our usual patients, but it fucking worked!”
“Holy shit, you are alive!” She screams so loudly Castiel has pull the phone away from his ear. “What the fudge, man?”
A short, dark haired girl with a heart shaped face and pointed ears stands there. She holds a bloody knife in hand while the other runs through his faerie’s messy hair. All that seems to be supporting and keeping his friend upright are his hands tied at the wrists, ropes connected to separate trees. His whole body is slumped forward, head bowed, as Dean tries to take in the severity of the wounds all over his bloodied body.
What the fuck just happened? Panting and trying to slow down his heartbeat that’s pounding in his chest, Dean stares at the car like it just physically bit him. Inside his boxers his dick twitches. He’s never just leaked slick outside of his heat or the rare occasion he finds some beta chick whose okay with him being omega. The alpha smells good – better than most – but that doesn’t mean that he’s going to submit like some bitch and let the guy knot him. Not that it’s a problem, but he doesn’t even swing that way. His heats don’t count, and it’s not like before he became omega that he ever fingered his own ass.
Sam’s eyes flick down at his phone, then back up to Dean. “It’s at the motel.”
Shaking his head, Sam pushes off from the chair. “I don’t have a good feeling about this. It feels wrong.” He sighs and looks down at his watch. “Twenty-three minutes left.”
“I hit him twice,” he says steadier, as if he’s just giving commentary to a movie he’s watching. “Said I was losing the business money. Wasn’t dependable and then said I was just some warm hole to fuck. Then I hit him after that.”
“We were talking about Cas before she came up to the table,” he says slowly, connecting the dots. “Oh shit.”
Not really thinking, Dean takes a step forward. The two betas head whip towards him, their eyes narrowing. The curly haired one raises his hands in a calming gesture before taking a step forward. “Hey now, Dean is it?”
Turning to the voice, he opens his mouth to ask what the hell is going on, but the words turn to dust in his mouth the moment his eyes lay on the man. Castiel is sitting there, leaning back on his arms with head tipped back just soaking in the sunlight without any car in the world. But that isn’t what makes Dean lose his words.
Shortly after that things picked up. Not just for him, but for Cas too. He was prompted to detective and Castiel got offered some sort of thing halfway across the country seeing if some sort of bone was what the people thought it was. They called when they could, texting when they weren’t able. Depending on where Castiel was at, sometimes they resorted to emails. Dean isn’t exactly why Cas put in the effort just to stay in contact with him, but he’d be lying if a few words or seeing Cas’ face wasn’t the highlight of his damn day.
“Cas,” Dean says, panting, trying to catch his breath. Castiel leans into Dean’s hand, no longer fighting against him to press back together. “I want – oh fuck, of course I want to! You have no idea what you do to me, and how turned on I am just looking at you. But I don’t want to rush this – us. We just got back together. You have to know by now I’m completely fine with just being with you. I don’t need anything else.” Leaning forward, Dean rests his forehead against his, huffing out a laugh. “I feel like you think you might need to do this for me.” He pauses and takes in a shaky breath before leaning up and pressing a kiss against Castiel’s forehead. “I don’t wanna fuck it up this time. I don’t want to risk losing you again. Please. I can’t…I can’t go through that again. I wont survive it.”
– pajama pants. Castiel pushes his heels down into the mattress and tries to buck the shifter off, but the shifter just chuckles and sinks his hand down lower inside his pants. Castiel’s eyes flick to the side table where the lamp sits and reaches his bounds hands out for it before he can talk himself out of it. Dean’s free hand reaches out and grabs his wrists just as Cas’ fingertips touch the lamp. It wobbles back and forth before crashing to the ground, casting the room into awkward shadows.
Walking briskly down the street, Dean digs his hands deeper into his pockets in a feeble attempt to warm them up. He can’t help it if it’s been a long night of ignoring his buzzing cellphone sitting on the arm of the couch. A part of him wanted to answer it, but the other, more stronger part of him, kept him paralyzed with anxiety, overwhelmed with his own headspace.
He feels his eyes grow wide as he realizes how just the guy’s voice alone had him reacting. Bile rises in his throat as he snaps back to reality realizing he was baring his neck. The air in the car suddenly seems thicker – stale. Fumbling trying to get a hold on the door handle, he finally grasps it with shaky hands, swinging the door open, just barely stopping it before it hits the car beside him. Leaning out of the car, Dean gasps for air, scrubbing the wet tracks from his tears on his cheeks away as he tries desperately to try and get his mind thinking clearly again. Crying? When the fuck did he start crying?
The walk down the hallway to his door is infuriatingly long. He reaches it just as the door across from his opens, and his neighbor, Castle? Cassie? Casper? Steps out holding a garbages back. Dean hears him hum as he fumbles with his keys.
“I have to go, Sam. I will call you back.”
Castiel opens his mouth to reply, but voices suddenly fill his head. It’s been so long since he heard them, save for sister welcoming him back to the Host. But this time, it seems something has them panicked. He stares past Sam, trying to focus on what his brothers and sisters are saying. Finally he picks out his sisters voice that welcomed him back.
Two days later the infected in their county spikes by the hundreds. Deaths begin to rise drastically every day. Two days since they’ve last seen each other, and Sam sends Dean a text message telling him it isn’t safe for him to stay at the apartment anymore. He’s going to bunk with a bunch of the other doctors and nurses at one of their houses closer to the hospital.
“Cas,” he rasps out.
Sam’s forehead wrinkles, like it usually does when he’s thinking too hard. Dean shifts back and forth on his feet, trying his best not to rush his brother. His body still feels antsy, and keeping still just isn’t registering with the rest of his body right now.
As he’s flipping through Netflix trying to settle on something to watch he hears a loud knock sounds at the door. Glancing at behind him to the clock on the microwave he sees it’s a little after four. Cas left for work a few hours ago and no one told him they would be stopping by. A shiver of fear runs through his spine wondering if Castiel locked the door on his way out.
Dean blinks, trying to focus and collect his thoughts enough to make sense of why he’s standing in the hallway, completely naked. What was he trying to do? A warning in the back of his head is telling him that this is wrong, but the alpha hands slid down to his ass, squeezing hard enough Dean knows it’ll bruise. The thought alone of the alpha leaving a mark on him has him turning his head back and pushing his lips back against Castiel’s like his life depends on it. Everywhere Castiel has kissed him seems to be buzzing with electricity. His body feels like it’s vibrating and as their tongues rub against each other again. It’s too much. It’s not enough.
“That bullshit and you know you,” he growls, taking a step close to him. “Any time he’s dragged your feathery ass up to Heaven there’s never been any good news to follow. Last time I didn’t see you for the better part of a decade. It took you even longer to act like yourself again.”
“Yeah, decided to book the first flight into Italy to see the sights. Hear it’s nice this time of year,” Bobby says. “What the hell do you think I’m doing, ya idjit? Your brother called me, threatening me that if I didn’t come by and see him to get tested he’d shut down my business. So until the results are back I’m under quarantine. Guess it’s you I got ta’ thank for that.”
“So, safe to say this meant nothing, right?” Dean snaps, angrily throwing the paper towel in the trash. “I’m just some random fuck to add to your dwindling spank bank because tits and pussy don’t do it for you?”
Dean’s skin begins to prickle letting him know he’s being watched again. He licks his lips; mouth watering as he almost has to bite back a whimper as he drags his eyes away. He looks back up at Castiel and sucks in a sharp breath seeing red slowly seeping back into the blue. Despite internally yelling at himself and tensing his body under his alpha’s eyes, slick begins to trickle out, once more soaking into his damp sheets. Castiel’s eyes dilate, the blue completely disappearing, but instead of feeling afraid or angry, it’s like his body is seems to only call out for him.
Sam shakes his head frantically and grips the back of one of the chairs. “No, I don’t like this. Fuck!” He runs his hand through his hair again and glares at the door separating Dean from them. “What if the blood is working? What if it’s just taking longer to take effect than what it did with Crowley? Why not just wait it out till we give him the last dose? If it doesn’t work, then we could try the grace.”
He almost feels floaty now, just on the verge of passing out and waking up. All the sensations that he’s been feeling have gone numb, and nothing but a tingle across his whole body is what he feels. It feels nice, almost. The weight and rocking Dean’s body over his is almost comforting.
“Cas, no!” Sam leans over the back of the seat and blocks the door handle with his hands. “You can’t just jump out of a moving car! Damnit Dean, pull the over!”
Not expecting another heat – or whatever this is – so soon Dean hasn’t had any time to restock on supplies. Instead of having his case of water beside his bed, he has an empty cup from who knows how long ago and not enough energy to refill it. His phone dings again with another message. It’s been doing that all night, but he hasn’t had the energy or the want to check it. Maybe Sam actually found something but doesn’t want to come over and be traumatized?
But it’s his brother. The only family he has left. He practically raised this kid on his own from diapers and seeing that concerned look in his eyes isn’t something he ever wanted to put there. Dean takes a shaky breath and gives the smallest of nods. He wants to reassure him more, but that’s all he’s got in him. It seems to be enough, though. Sam gives a small smile and nods his head back.
think this could be?”
Elasa bolape micaelazodo - you are strong
A twinge of pain through Dean’s chest has him stumbling, reaching out to catch himself before he collides with the trunk of an old tree. A chuckle has him looking around the forest, panting and rubbing his chest, trying to spot who the laugh belongs to.
(See the end of the chapter for
Trying to get closer to the scent, Dean cranes his neck, nuzzling deeper into whatever it is providing him. Something rough like sandpaper rubs against his cheek as he presses his nose more firmly against the warmth. The urge to lick the area, claiming it as his own so everyone will know what’s his, is almost too strong to resist.
“No, you clearly don’t. And I’m not saying you
He hates it.
A swooshing sound, almost like wings of a bird, come from his right. With narrowed eyes, Dean watches as Castiel steps forward, seemingly materializing out of the shadows. Behind him Dean can see the shadowed figured of two very large, very mangled wings tucked tightly against his back. There are a million questions Dean wants to ask, but he doesn't have time to focus on that.  Something about the way the angel is looking at him, his steps almost hesitant rubs Dean the wrong way. Instead of relaxing, Dean just tenses up, gripping the hilt of his blade tighter.
“Could you tone down your angry omega vibes? You fricken’ reek,” Meg says putting her hand over her nose. “What’s got your panties in a twist?”
“CAS!” He yells, managing to jostle his arm away from where the other beta was reaching for him. Yelling for his alpha doesn’t make him feel better, only the opposite. Like he’s giving up or giving in on becoming someone he swore to himself he would never be. In a way, it’s like he’s admitting to the world he isn’t enough to take care of himself. Like calling out to his alpha means he’s the very thing he’s always fought on not becoming; powerless, inferior and weak. He tries to swallow down his shame, trying to convince the little voice inside his head telling him he’s not strong enough to help himself get out of the situation. That’s twice in less than, what, maybe an hour? Maybe his inner voice is right, but Dean notices that by saying his alpha’s name is enough that they have stopped advancing. He grits his teeth, tilting his head back again and screams again, “CAS!”
'Ello loves!
“In the supply closet,” she whispers. “I, uh, may have accidentally let it slip when I was screaming at Gordon that I had proof of what he said.”
As the second movie ends and credits roll, she stretches her arms over her and groans. “So what have you been doing for a whole month besides ignoring me?”
“The last time one of the Winchester’s lied it almost caused the end of the world. I helped save it, so I think I’ve earned to know what’s so important.”
Sam’s finishes his water, but stands at the sink clutching the glass in his hand staring at the backsplash lost in thought. His scent isn’t as subtle anymore, and Dean doesn’t even have to try to catch it. It’s just there, stinking up his apartment the more Sam stands there thinking whatever it is that’s going on his mind.
“Don’t get your feathers all ruffled,” he huffs, his eyes quickly scanning over his body. “By the way, you’re dripping on the carpet.”
The headlights of the Impala blind him momentarily and he jerks his head away. It’s only then that he gasps in a lungful of air, flinching at the rawness of his throat, that he realizes he’s been screaming. He blinks furiously at the ground as the adrenaline starts to seep out him, leaving him with nothing but the sharp reminder of what happened to him. Hot tears streak themselves down his face, and he watches as they drip from his face to the gravel below. Panting heavily, he lets his body go slightly slack in Sam’s arms.
“Not his hands I’m thinking about,” the first one says. “I wonder what a mouth like his would look like with my knot shoved down his throat.”
Sam’s nose scrunches up as he tilts his head, momentarily thinking. “So kinda like how Anna’s grace became and stayed in the tree when she fell and Uriel was able to take it?”
He just stares up at him, trying to find something that will give away just
After awhile, he eventually hears Castiel’s breathing even out. He almost lets himself breathe out a breath of relief before Dean hears him whimper. Dean tenses, every instinct in his body telling him to just fucking get up and wake Castiel up out of whatever he’s dreaming. But that’s entirely the problem. Castiel is dreaming about him.
Sam comes in much later with the results of his scans and bloodwork, looking just about as tired as Dean feels. Everything internal seems fine. The bloodwork seems to be all over the place; some levels seem a bit lower than they should be, others higher, but his brother says they can go over things in his office another time. Minus the swelling and bruising he’s physically cleared to leave. Sam excuses himself quickly, apologizing saying he has to get back to the omega, but that he’ll call before he stops by tomorrow to talk about breaking mating bonds.
“I’m already on my way.”
Dean tilts his head just a fraction, so very close to pressing his lips against Cas’ he can feel their breaths mingling in the barely there space.
“You’re gunna what?” Dean teases, lowering himself just a fraction closer. “Ya know what they say, right? If you can’t talk about it, then you probably shouldn’t be doing it.”
“Vampire?” Sam asks quietly.
Cupping his angel’s face, Dean gives him a small smile. “I’m sorry.”
“I called Charlie on the way over here,” Cas says clearing his throat. Dean looks up at him, eyes wide with some sort of panic. “I assured her you were okay. I asked, uh, asked her about my phone and how you got blocked. She said I did it the night of…” Placing the water bottle down on the coffee table for no reason other than to appear occupied with doing something since he can’t bring himself to say the words. “She thought I knew. Apparently I was little more intoxicated than she thought at that point.”
Sam nods his head. “So what do we do when we got him? Exorcism is out. We can try holy water. I really think we should try injecting it. Dean told me he tried that with Alastair and it worked enough to weaken him. I mean, the outside effect hurts him, stalling him almost, but if we go from the inside maybe we can get rid of the Mark itself. Or at least weaken the effect enough Dean comes back to convince him to fight through it.”
Something white is sticking out of the dirt. Castiel brushes some of the dirt away from the object, leaning closer to try and see the item better. It almost looks like a shoe of some sort. He grabs the shoe in question, pulling it free from the earth, and turns it over in his hands. It is defiantly a shoe; a white, slip on shoe, but it has letters on the bottom of it. Letters that mean whomever wore it was an inmate of some sort.
Suddenly he’s got arms around him squeezing him so tightly it’s actually hard to breathe. Dean can’t even reciprocate because his damn giant of a brother has his arms pinned at his sides. Meg stands there, scowling down at him, arms crossed over her chest.
Sorry to keep you all waiting, loves!
“I sure as hell didn’t leave that on you.”
Bobby starts coughing one afternoon after their hourly wipe down session, but claims it’s just the chemicals. Dean reluctantly agrees, but texts Sam once he’s back out in the garage, asking him what to do. The next day Bobby calls Dean before his alarm goes off, telling him he’s has to open the shop by himself today.
“I know,” he whispers giving him a small, careful smile. “Dean, I – ”
Without fail, just like every time before, Castiel shudders as the darkness finally finishes spreading over him. It’s a small detail that Dean can’t help but find endearing about the angel. An angel that is immune to feeling an extreme hot or cold, yet shudders when the last tendrils of warmth are cut off from his form.
Either way, Dean left Cas with Sam, hopped over two states just to avoid any accidental interruptions. He needs to get laid. He needs to find some random chick at the bar to prove to himself he hasn’t lost his touch. He needs to fuck some random chick just to get rid of those guilty dreams and fantasies he has about his best friend. Dean swears if he doesn’t do it tonight he might fucking snap or explode or murder someone. Maybe all three.
“Stop, please,” Dean chokes out. “This is all just – Cas, I need to tell my brother about it because of where he works – What he does,” he lets out a watery laugh, swiping away more tears falling from Castiel’s eyes. “He’s been trying to break the bonds from the omega’s with unwanted mating bites here. They’re dying, just like I was.”
Castiel looks over at Sam, and shakes his head. Crowley stares at him from behind Sam with an amused expression.
Dean opens his mouth to say something, but nothing comes out. He isn’t even sure how to argue this. Does his omega status really have that much power over his body? Castiel gives him a sympathetic look before clearing his throat again and picking up the empty glass from the nightstand, turning and walking out of the room. “I’ll just get you some more. Are you…are you good?”
“Fine!” Charlie says, sighing dramatically. “Short and simple, I remember. Geez, what’s a good story without the build up.”
“I know you’ve felt it. The energy running through your body, enhancing every single touch and feeling. Your breath comes out short, as you anticipate what might happen next. Your skin tingles with every sensation, and you
“I know!” He yells, his voice bouncing off the bland walls of the sterile room. Dean doesn’t even flinch at his alpha raising his voice. Honestly, he still feels kind of out of it, making everyone’s words not process very well until a few seconds after their said.
After wiping away the worst of the mess, Cas settles back down on the beside Dean, curled just slightly into him, his ankle wrapped underneath Dean’s.
. You are a good man. A beautiful man. You deserve so much more than what you’ve been dealt.”
, but despite understanding the reasoning for it far later than he should have, he always felt Dean’s confusion he could never pinpoint.
Seeing as it’s still early in the evening there is only two other people in the cell with him. When he was thrown in, Dean caught a glimpse of one guy with curly hair curled up in the corner mumbling something about angels and demons. To sit down he had to walk past the larger, more burly, second guy who was sitting on the other end of the bench. Tattoos covered every patch of skin that was exposed, including his face. He wore some sort of biker jacket covered in patches that Dean really could care less about reading. The prickling on the back of his neck tells him that the biker guy still hasn’t taken his eyes off him since he walked in. Maybe it should bother him, but Dean can’t bring himself to care.
“I said I would fix this, Cas. I’m going to make things right. I’m going to get back your grace.”
“Well,” Charlie says opening her door and sliding into her seat. “I gotta get home to Dorothy.”
“That isn’t-“
It doesn’t make sense. Blood pounds in his hears as Dean hits him in the back of his head again. This can’t be happening. Nothing that is happening makes any sense. Why him? Why Dean? He can’t wrap his mind around any of this.
You hear stories about how people sometimes hear something terrible or life altering, and suddenly it feels like the floor is gone and they’re just free falling. That’s how he feels. He can see Daphne’s lips moving, but her words are drowned out in a high pitched ear ringing noise that makes Dean feel dizzy.
Sam lets out a forced laugh, opening his eyes and looking up at the ceiling. “Dean kind of…blames himself for what happened to you. He thinks it’s his responsibility to make everything right. He thinks getting your grace back will somehow redeem himself.” Sam shrugs and looks back at Castiel. “Crowley got here and told us a little about what Abaddon has been doing. She’s taken over hell completely, kicked Crowley to the curb. She’s making new demons for some sort of demon army by removing human souls.”
Dean looks around him for the shirt but doesn’t see anything. Sam gets up and leans over, pulling out a balled up worn gray ACDC shirt from behind his pillow and hands it to Dean. He thumbs the fabric for a moment, already smelling the faint hint of their mingled scent from his alpha.
Dean glares back at her, wishing nothing more than to have the strength to push past this skinny, short dark haired omega. She has no idea. He doesn’t have an alpha fighting for him! His alpha rejected him, obviously, otherwise he wouldn’t be in this damn room! As for his brother, Sammy doesn’t understand. He’s only doing his job, but the kid is doing amazing without his big brother weighing him down anymore. That’s all he’s ever done. Held Sam back.
Dean disappears in front of Castiel, and before he has time to turn around something very solid slams down on his right arm, and his blade clatters to the ground. Hands grab his shoulders, and Dean’s knee slams into his stomach. Castiel raises his arm, only practically protecting his face as another hit knocks into the side. Before he can manage to stand upright, Dean brings his elbow around, slamming into the opposite side of his face.
Out of all the people in the the seven point seven billion humans on this planet, and all the places across the whole entire earth, never did Dean think he would see the one person he’s been trying to avoid for countless months.
“What’da say, Cas?” Dean asks, toying that line of carefully masked sarcasm that’s hiding his true feelings. “Wanna see what sin tastes like before you go?”
By the time they get to Dean’s car he’s on the verge of a full blown panic attack. He just wants to know
“Cas, buddy, you alright there?” Dean asks tentatively.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean remembers. Images, thoughts, memories of hell when he resurfaced plagued him. At first he thought he could just nut up and deal with it like he had with everything else in his shit life, but this…this was something else. He couldn’t eat, couldn’t sleep. Dean would literally do anything to try and stay awake to the point he was so tired he started hallucinating hell. Castiel had appeared in front of him just as Dean was about ready to stab some punk teenage kid he thought was a demon, and stabbed him instead. When Cas put his hand on his forehead he expected that warm, comforting energy that usually happened. Instead his brain felt like it was being squeezed between a vise. And then, as quick as it hit him, it was over. Castiel grabbed him by the shoulders, lifting him up off the dirty alleyway, and slammed him against the wall.
Dean’s eyes suddenly widen and he grunts, arching against the chains. Castiel has to restrain himself from stepping forward and ripping the chains off Dean. From the moment he raised Dean from the pit it was his mission to protect and keep him safe. But seeing him like this? Knowing he is the reason Dean is yelling with a demonic roar, gasping for air is almost too much. They aren’t even sure if it will work. All they are working on is blind faith and hope.
“I have to stop this.” Castiel whispers his voice breaking a little.
“You gotta know I don’t care about that shit, Cas.” Hesitantly, Dean brings his hands up, cupping Castiel’s face in return. “You of all people know me better than that. I love you too damn much to ever ruin what we got.” Taking in a shaky breath, Dean shifts his body, closing the barely there space between them. Pressing himself into Castiel more feels so much like a missing piece shifting back into place he wants to cry. Instead, Dean moves his hands and runs them through Cas’ soft, dark, unnameable hair. Overwhelmed with just being allowed to touch Cas like this again, Dean lets out another choked out sob. “Losing you nearly killed me.”
Dean lets out a low moan as he twists the head of his cock, trusting up into his own fist. “You gunna sit there just watching me, or you gunna touch me, babe?”
“What she’s tryin’ to say,” Bobby interrupts giving Charlie a look before turning his gaze back on Dean. “Is that you’re free. Walker agreed to drop any and all charges over what happened. He’s on suspension until Charlie and I can write out the papers for termination for some of the shit he said. Broke a lot of rules, agreements and other legal things we’ll take care of. Seems like the way he was talkin’ was more of a threat. And considering how he managed to mess up things between you two, well it doesn’t take bein’ a detective to figure out with what he said where he was goin’ take things next.
Almost.
“Wait, hang on,” Dean holds up his hand to stop Sam. “Female alpha? Male omega?”
“Could you just fucking not for five seconds!” Dean hisses pushing off the dresser and drunkenly walking into the hallway.
“Don’t you get it?” Dean asks, stepping forward and back into his personal space again.
Dean turns his head back to where Crowley was, and naturally, finds him gone. Hanging his head he lets out a forced laugh. “He knew. He fucking knew what it meant and he just let it happen. He meant for it to happen. He…”
“Cas,” he whispers brokenly.
Hit me with some feelings. ~_^ Comments and Kudos are give me a high and keep me moving, let me know what you think.
Looking back at Crowley, he shivers and automatically wraps his arms around his middle, gently, trying to keep out the cold creeping over his skin. “Why are you here, Crowley?”
“Crowley,” Castiel says looking over at him. “Are you ready?”
“Yes,” Castiel gasps as his whole body shudders.
*~*~*~*
Castiel hears a growl leave his lips before he can stop it. The King of Hell raises an eyebrow skeptically at him. “As if it hasn’t crossed your mind.”
One with stringy brown hair and a beer gut knocks on his window. “Why don’t you come out of there? I promise we’re just going to have a little fun.”
Dean huffs a laugh thinking to himself how frequently he’s actually been in the damn hospital lately. It’s like he’s going for some sort of record or something. He hardly ever saw the doctor back before the world went to shit. Now it’s like he practically lives there.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You into this kind of foreplay?” He chuckles tossing Castiel onto the bed easily. “Knew you’d be a kinky fucker.”
Two days later, Dean’s underneath a Mazda CX-30 when he gets a tickle in his throat out of nowhere. He tries clearing his throat to get it rid of it, but that only makes him start coughing. He doesn’t think anything of it, and brushes it off as just dirt getting up his nose or something.
The demon tips his head back in a deep laugh. Castiel ignores the pain prickling throughout his chest, standing up a bit straighter. “Fix this?” Dean chuckles. “Are we forgetting how everything worked out the first time anyone tried to fix something?”
As Dean lifts his head his eyes look past Cain over to the picture on the mantle. He can’t even fathom watching Cas die in front of him for good. A twinge of pain spreads through his heart at the thought of being without him. Dean takes a shaky breath and rubs at his chest absentmindedly trying to dull the ache. He doesn’t understand it, but somewhere in him he just
“Damnit Cas!” Dean sighs, letting his eyes close as he rests his forehead against Cas’ sweaty one. “I told you I would fix this.”
Dean sees him moving, looking both ways before he steps out into traffic and then it’s like everything hits him all at once. The sound of cars driving and honking, people yelling from everywhere around him, people walking past him having conversations on their phones, dogs barking – he wants to grab his ears to try and muffle the sound, but there isn’t any time. Instead Dean turns and dives into the crowd of people walking towards him.
“Charlie told me what happ– ”
As he looks back at Dean, rememorizing the way the afternoon light hits his surreal green eyes just right it makes them almost appear to golden. In all his years of knowing this man, he will never get tired of his eyes. To date, he has yet to find anyone with the color of green Dean has.
Crowley rolls his eyes letting out a bored sigh. “Of course I did, you idiot. I’m Crowley. And I know you enough to know you’d do anything for that angel, so I played it to my advantage.”
A sharp pain shoots through his chest and Dean jerks forward with a hiss, hands clenching into tight fists before they hit the ground. Panting, Dean squeezes his eyes shut tightly as the pain starts spreading sluggishly throughout his body.
He is the reason Dean is breaking apart. He is the reason why the brothers relationship is strained. He is the reason Dean is hurting.
Closing his eyes, Dean wonders if Castiel will be waiting for him. Will he make some sort of comment about how he’s kept him waiting, but his eyes will be telling Dean exactly how must he missed him. They did talk with their eyes a lot when he was alive, didn’t they? They could have whole conversations without any words, and somehow they both knew what the other was thinking.
Raising his hands in surrender, Sam stares back at Dean with an open look. “Whoa, hey, it’s not like that, okay? I was just thinking about how Castiel is verses how every other cop that’s taken over is. That’s it. I’m not against your mate. Especially after last night, alright? I just…” He lets out a long sigh while running a hand through his hair before dropping both of them in his lap. “To me, it’s just kind of weird that they’d let an alpha like Cas still be a police officer. The way the new law and government have been moving things around it’s just weird to still have good people out there.”
“Enough!” Castiel yells.
“No,” Dean sighs looking up to the slowly brightening sky. “No it isn’t.” He looks back at the dark haired man standing barefoot in the middle of the parking lot, tiny shivers he’s trying to hide and feels confident that he did the right thing. “But I would did it over again if it meant having a chance of saving you.”
“You smell amazing,” Castiel says in between hot, wet kisses against his scent gland. “I’ve never –”
“He was trying to make my body want to submit to him, but he’s not my alpha.” Blinking his dry eyes but still seeing nothing past the unfocused shapes of his brother and mate in his peripheral vision. Even with his eyes open Dean relives trying but failing to get away. He almost feels the sting when Benny grabs his hair, then the pressure inside his mind fighting against being told what to do by someone other than his mate. “I tried…I tried to get away but – but –
“Guess all alphas aren’t so bad,” he mumbles to himself walking to the car.
Bobby holds his glare long enough a sliver of doubt starts to trickle in that maybe he is wrong about his words. With a sigh, he leans back in his chair before rubbing his hands down his face.
Sam looks down at him, all the anger deflating from his body in a long exhale. He chuckles and shakes his head. “Yeah, man. I had a a nurse call the station to try and get a hold of the alpha you said that bit you. He wasn’t in, but after some coaxing, I got his number. In the middle of threatening his life, the dude hung up on me. I was pissed. Ten minutes later he’s trying to bust into the unit to see you.” Sam chuckles again, grinning down at him.
“There’s a diner a few miles down the road,” Sam says. “It got some good reviews.”
“Yeah, okay. I’ll see you soon.”
“Pity that. Looks like I’ll just have to find another angel.” Crowley chuckles, clapping his hands together. Castiel snaps his head up, glaring at the demon fiercely. Out of the corner of his eye he sees Sam starting to advance on him again. “Oh sod off! You –”
Dean sits on the edge of the slightly bent, misshapen metal bench in the holding cell staring at Gordon’s blood discoloring his hands. He rubs and scratches at the darkened spots, as if making the evidence disappear from his skin will make what happened somehow vanish with it.
Narrowing his eyes at a particular rough shove against Sam’s chest sending the younger brother against the hood of the car, Castiel exits out his door quickly.
“You’re in heat now?” Sammy asks slowly.
“We’re going to kidnap your boyfriend, lock him up in your flea infested place you call a home, and attempt to beat the demon out of him.” Crowley rolls his eyes dramatically at Sam. “I simplified it for Castiel here.”
“Hey, look at me,” Cas says as his other hand brushes against his cheek before moving underneath his chin slowly coaxing Dean to look up at him. Cas gives him a small smile before spreading his hand over check, thumb rubbing against his jaw in a comforting way. “There you are.”
It only takes two rings before she picks up. “Cas! Castiel! Holy shit, you will never believe what just happened! Dean was arrested and – ”
“Angel radio.” He says staring at Crowley who is leaning back against the wall, staring at the ceiling looking bored. “Did you know?”
“Annnnd that’s enough,” she says snapping her fingers. A branch comes up and wraps around Castiel’s mouth, cutting off the rest of his words. “On that happy note, time for us to go. See you at Elysium, Clarence.”
Castiel snorts and Dean hears muffled background talking over the phone. “I’ll try. Till then.”
Sam sighs and shakes his head. “The baby was healthy, appeared to be full term. Defiantly a healthy set of lungs.” He lifts the bottle to his lips before scowling at its empty contents and setting it down on the coffee table with a loud thud. “A few of the nurses tried comforting him. It worked for a few seconds, but the baby kept trying to scent the nurses, probably trying to smell his father…mother…I don’t even know!” He pushes up off the couch and stomps into the kitchen for another beer.
It’s on the tip of his tongue what he wants Castiel to do. He wants to tell the alpha to shove it where the shine don’t shine and get the fuck out of his apartment. But his mouth refuses to speak any of those thoughts out loud. He shakes his head trying to clear his mind and to get it together, but the haziness from before is rolling in quicker. The entwined scent of both of them is growing so much stronger than before a groan falls out of Dean’s mouth as he bucks his hips into nothing. It’s almost palpable, their scent. It feels like warmth, comfort and home. Dean leans back as more slick falls out, his legs falling open like an invitation.
Dean pulls him closer to his face. “You fucking knew he’d give me the Mark? You knew about everything?! You played me! This whole time you played me!”
looking at him again. “You didn’t do anything, man. I’m sorry I made you think that.”
Castiel is pushed from the room by Sam. He takes the syringe from Castiel’s hand and throws it on the table next to the other empty three. It has been four hours. Four doses every hour on the hour. Even if Sam wasn’t setting a timer, Castiel would still know the time. He counted the time down inside his own mind to make sure they weren’t even the slightest second late.
now that his old friend is being threatened? Hell, Cas’ throwing around his alpha voice like the he’s God and minus a few minor things, he feels nothing. Is this what Benny meant when he said the guy could break a mating bond? Does that just leave the omegas like empty shells?
Warmth begins to spread throughout his chest as he blinks back at Sam. Castiel tries to make sense of the spoken words settling inside his chest. It isn’t like they haven’t been said before in some form or fashion, but this time it just feels…different. A part of him wants to hold tight to what Sam is offering, but at the same time the cautious part of him is telling him not to trust it. Yes, they’ve been to literal hell for one another, but the fact remains that he was always able to
It was like being punch-drunk and yet hyper aware of every molecule that made up him and Castiel all at once. It was like flying, but never coming down.
Turning back to Castiel, Dean feels guilt rise in him for not having his first thought be to clean him up, cover him, free his wrists – something! All he’s been doing is staring down at him in some sort of numb state.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes,” he breathes thumbing the head of his cock.
Castiel glares up at the shifter as shadows from the fallen lamp cast across his face in a way that vaguely reminds him of the car ride not that long ago. The similarity hits Castiel like a lead weight in his chest making it hard to catch his breath. His head begins to spin against as he feels the adrenaline start to wear off. Squeezing his eyes shut tightly, he doesn’t see it coming when Dean flips him over, pushing him down on his stomach.
Heyyyyy! So I’m back. 😅
“I’m here,” he says disconnecting the phone from Bluetooth and shutting off his car. “Where are you?”
“What the fuck!” Dean yelps, jerking his head away, stumbling backwards.
The faerie chuckles, tilting his head as if to reevaluate him. “Watch your little brother, hm? That is quite the grown up job. Why don’t you get back to your parents though?”
“Yeah, well, it wasn’t…” Dean rubs the back of his neck, looking down at the floor. Where does he even start? Even if Dean wants to put all the blame on Cas, he knows somewhere deep in himself that he was just as guilty. Sure the guy bit him, but after four days with the guy Dean would be lying if he said his alpha was just some knot head. He’s different. Not only can he just feel it, but he knows the way Castiel took care of him that he’s not the same. “The guy didn’t mean to, and I made it clear that I didn’t want to be some omega bitch, and I think he kinda…respected that.”
“Sure.” Dean just crosses his arms and proceeds to start walking towards the door again. “You know what, it’s obviously none of my business. Forget it.”
Dean just sits there, letting his brothers voice fade as he lets himself go back to that underwater feeling. His eyes unfocus as he blissfully, lets his mind go blank.
Staring straight ahead into the blinding white of the snow all Dean can do is clench his jaw tightly, fighting the sudden urge to spill and admit to everything. His knuckles are white with how tightly he’s gripping the steering wheel, not so much in fear he might lose control of the wheel, but so he doesn’t so something stupid like reach out for Cas just in case he feels the urge to disappear.
“Uh, Cas, what are you doing?” Sam asks, hesitantly.
“Are you asking me out?”
Pulling back, the girls lean forward and lick into each other’s mouths with such ease Dean wonders if maybe they do this more than what they say. The shorter one slides her hand up front of the blonds body, slowly pushing up her bra to expose her breasts. She palms it, toying with the nipple as licks deeper into her mouth, swallowing down the others delicious noises. Dean startles when he feels a hand palming his crotch. Looking down he sees the blonds delicate hand rubbing and caressing him through his jeans. It feels good, but it’s not enough.
“If anyone can find a way to stop Dean, it’ll be you. Tell anybody I said that, and I’ll kill you,” Crowley says clapping his hands together. “On that note, fancy chopping off his arm now?”
Focusing on Sam’s fingers moving again, Dean gasps and hisses out higher numbers. Over the lower side of his unmarked neck is bad, but behind his neck Dean has to fight back the tears. His throat seems to close off, and when his brother asks for a number all Dean can do is barely shake his head. As Sam pulls back to give him a minute, Dean practically collapses over himself. The exhaustion is back, and the steady increasing brain fog doesn’t make it any better. With every painful amount of pressure felt on his neck, shadowed images of memories without faces dance on the edges of his mind.
Sam looks back and forth between the two of them for a moment before walking back to his food and sitting down on the opposite side of Crowley. “Getting Dean inside the devil’s trap seems like the only sure way he’ll actually be contained.” He says taking a bite of some biscuit sandwich.
“I saw
“No, fuck that!” Charlie snaps, squeezing his shoulder. “I love you like a damn brother, just the same way I love Dean! And frankly, both of you are idiots.” She huffs a breath as she pulls back her hand. “I think something shady happened when Dean went out. I’ve been trying to work it out, but there’s something fishy there. Dean’s story doesn’t match up to what Gordon or the other guys are saying.”
Instead of watching the light go out from his brother’s face, he just looks confused. Fuck, is he really going to have to break it down for him?
“And you can’t make it?”
Pushing his feelings aside, Dean manages to swallow down his epiphany of emotions. This isn’t the time nor the place for declarations that mean nothing. Even if they could mean
Dean huffs and wipes the water away from his face with his sleeve, unlocks the door and steps out. He takes two steps before the blond waitress steps in front of him with a tray of drinks, and they collide. Everything crashes to the ground and the few people that are in the diner begin clapping.
It’s the only warning Dean gets before Castiel rushes at him at a blinding fast speed. The hit comes so fast Dean doesn’t have time to block the angel’s fist before it hits him on the side of the jaw, sending him flying backwards into the mud. He lands on his back, skidding backwards through the muddy ground, as the wind gets knocked from his lungs.
He walks out of the room and sets the lamp on the floor by the kitchen. Either way things happen, no one will need it again. Castiel walks back into the bedroom and touches the bed and without thinking about it, appears outside in the backyard with the bed lying on the ground beside him in the exact spot he burnt his clothes. He blinks and is back in the half emptied room, kneeling to the ground hissing as another twinge of pain goes through him.
“Something tells me that isn’t gunna be a problem.” Dean replies, smirking down at him.
Comments and kudos give me a high. Let me know your thoughts, feelings, and concerns. ^_^
“Correct,” he says, eyes flicking back and forth between them before reaching out and grabbing the blonds wrist. “Get your hands off him.”
He reaches inside the bag and pulls out a vial of blood, eyeing it carefully. It doesn’t feel or appear any different, but of course, it wouldn’t. Still, he’s suspicious. Crowley may say he wants this as much as they do, but they’ve been double-crossed by him more than a few times.
“Fuccckk!” Dean hisses.
let the realization and acceptance washed over him. All Dean could do was step back staring back at the man in front of him that wouldn’t die wondering what the hell this would mean for him.
“I knew you w-were a kinky fucker,” he breathes against his ear, the rocking quickening. “I knew you liked it rough.”
When was the last time someone touched him?
There’s a blackness at the edge of his vision again and his heart begins to race remembering the last time this happened. The last time when Dean – no! He’s not doing this. Not here. It was
Dean bends down and starts helping her pick up the glass from the floor. “I should’ve been looking too. Sorry about that. ‘Minds on other things.”
Voices.
“He’s toying with us,” Castiel growls walking forward to the door unable to take it anymore.
“What the hell for?” Dean asks, leaning forward.
Deciding it’s best to get the conversation he’s been pushing off for weeks Castiel takes in one last deep breath, and answers the phone.
“What’s going on?” Castiel asks reaching them in a few long strides. Dean watches as his blue eyes narrow down to the beta’s arms around him. “Why are you touching my mate?”
Dean pushes the lifeless body to the ground just in time to be met with a knee to his chest he doesn’t have any time to turn away from. He pushes the blond female demon away as another male demon with a trucker hat grabs his arms pinning him back against the wall. The blond quickly rejoins them and Dean is railed with a few punches across his face. He brings his foot up, kicking the girl in the chest sending her flying back, falling over the couch. Dean grits his teeth as he slams his head forward to smash into the trucker hat demon. The action stuns him enough the demon loosens his grip on Dean for a moment. It’s enough advantage Dean needs to free his arm with his hand that still holds the demon knife, and stabs it under his chin into his head.
Deciding to take the safer route, Castiel doesn’t comment. Instead he circles back to his unanswered questions. “You two decided it was best to ask Crowley for help.”
“Fine, but you’re not wearing that crap to sleep in,” Dean says digging through his bag and pulling out his old AC/DC shirt and a pair of flannel pajama pants. “And you’re taking the bed. I’ll crash on the couch.”
. Dean swears he can smell the sour scent of Alastair in his nose and hear those angry alpha words echoing in his head like it was just done hours before. His breath hitches as he remembers just how it felt when that one leather whip snapped across his back, drawing with it the scent of blood into the air.
“I’m…I don’t understand,” Castiel finally says slowly. “You made it perfectly clear what you thought of me –
. Because I know, better than anyone, including Sam, that you aren’t that person. Do I mean so little to you that you would just give that up?”
Dean snorts. “Pretty sure I know him pretty well.”
“You sonofabitch!” Dean starts for Crowley, but Sam catches him and locks his arms around Dean, holding him back. “This is all your damn fault!”
Castiel knows if he opens his mouth to reply, that’s it. The pathetic little dam he’s built to keep his feelings out will break open and that’s it. Biting on his lip is keeping the truth locked away. Admitting that everything he’s feeling is entirely his fault, well, he’s not sure he wants to admit that. He’s pretty sure that
Castiel doesn’t respond.
Dean’s face heats up so much his he can feel his ears burning. This is not happening. “I can’t…I can’t say it. Don’t make me say it.”
Dean’s eyes lock with his in the review mirror as Castiel hears the familiar click-click of the turn signal come on. It’s too much. He grabs his head as a scream rips itself from his throat. There is so much pain. He feels everything.
He pushed himself off Cas, scooting clear over to the other side of the couch, letting out a frustrated yell. There was screaming. A lot of screaming. Dean trying to explain how he just needed to blow off steam, he had a bad day at work, would never do anything to hurt Cas, asking why he doesn’t trust him. Castiel tried to say how he wasn’t ready, he never was without someone in that way, of course he trusts him but this is something that actually means something to him and up until Dean he didn’t think much about sex.
“His IPad recorded everything!” She announces loudly. He hears something loud thud in the background and them distant voices. “Crap!”
The voice inside Castiel is reminding him that Dean isn’t really himself. He is truly trying to latch onto that. He tries to come up with some way to process everything, or something to say to snap him out of this, but he’s having trouble forming proper words. Out of everything that could have happened, the gentle touch is something he least expected, and he isn’t sure how to react. Castiel thought he’d never feel this again, though the touches before were always brief and far and between, it was always a possibility. After months of absolute hell, Castiel hasn’t realized how badly he was starving for something so simple.
Dean tries to open his eyes again only to see the world hasn’t stopped spinning and closes them again tightly. “Yeah, not such a good idea to do too much before the drugs can get fully out of your system there, Dean-o.” There’s a tug on something up his nose and then the rush of air flowing up his nose is gone, along with the plastic smell.
Something starts to warm in Dean’s chest with those words. A possessive part of him loves the fact that Castiel will be wearing
Sam’s phone beings to ring, cutting off his words. The younger Winchester digs into his pocket, pulling it out and swiping it without looking at who’s calling. “Yeah?”
Groaning, Castiel applies just the slightest bit more of a pressure while picking up the pace. Dean’s hand has long since stopped being any help, but instead has made it’s way around to his back. The dull nails digging into his bare back have Castiel teetering on the edge of his orgasm, but he’s desperately trying to fight it off, wanting Dean to get off first.
“Because of that bitch I’ve lost money and customers! He’s my omega! I own him!”
“No,” Castiel says roughly, shaking his head. “Sam doesn’t have to. It’s…It’s fine.” He spits the last word out like venom. Nothing about this whole situation is
“You’re not him!” Castiel yells, watching the darkness around Dean flicker in and out. The pull of his grace tingles against his palm, begging to be used against whoever has angered him. He squeezes his fist, digging his nails into his hand, trying to push it away.
“I wouldn’t bite you!” He yells, voice cracking. “Not in my right mind. My rut was…is….I don’t even remember driving over here, or really, talking to you on the phone. It’s all just bits and pieces here or there, but for the most part I had no fucking control over what my alpha was doing! All I kept thinking about was your scent and then I walked in here and, oh my God, it felt like I was coming home.” His eyes slip close as he takes in a long deep breath, lips twitching with a smile.
Maybe now Dean realizes everything was a mistake, or maybe the other person didn’t work out and now he wants him back? Maybe he asked Charlie to try and work her magic to get them back together? Either way, however it was suppose to go, Castiel is too raw to give in. He can’t help thinking about everything the other person must’ve given Dean that he’s been unable to give him. That (he thought) they’ve been working towards. Building a foundation of trust and love before…
Together they gather most of the bigger pieces and place it all on her tray. Dean stands up and looks at her sheepishly, rubbing the back of his next. She puts the tray on the nearest empty table and suddenly lunges at Dean, burying her arms inside his jacket, face buried in his chest.
A low growl builds up in the back of his throat as he glares back at the guy. “I’m a fucking adult, not some child that needs to be treated with kid gloves! If I say I don’t want you touching me, then you better back the hell off!”
Even if he could bring himself to try, knowing a part of Dean remained inside him would ruin him. Castiel knows that if the Mark had ripped out the last of his grace inside Dean he would have felt it. So how much of it is left?
Dean almost wishes he could take everything he said back.
They winged dicks don’t even pause, or pay him any mind at all. Castiel’s hardened face breaks, looking truly afraid for just a moment; too fast for anyone to notice but him.
It’s the first sound he’s made since Dean watched him walk in with Bobby. Up until this point Dean all but thought the guy was some type of psychological babble bullshit manifestation of strength and stability, or some other bullshit.
“I helped Claire with a case last month in Nebraska while you were two states over,” Castiel interrupts with that cold, monotone angel voice he gets when he’s pissed. “I believe you said you were busy with a rugaru and I could handle it.”
“I mean, if I knew you at all I should remember something, but all I gots is nada,” Dean says. “Sorry pal.”
He’s either too broken for the bond to set, or his brother must have finally figured out some miracle cure. Either way, it doesn’t matter. Anger starts rising. A part of him is angry his brother actually saved him. He doesn’t deserved to be saved. He doesn’t want to be saved. Being here – being alive – just means that he’ll have to live with this fucking hole in his chest and a scar on his neck showing the world of how truly broken he is. It’s one thing to live in this world being something every alpha wants to claim, but now they’ll all know that he’s disposable and able to be discarded easily.
Instead of being sad or upset, Benny channels his emotions into anger. He laughs with the alphas that bring their cars in to get worked on, goes out drinking with them after work and eventually stoops down to their level calling Dean slurs. Dean tolerates it for about five minutes before slamming Benny up against one of the cars they’re working on, reminding him that he may be omega, but that doesn’t make him weak.
Confused, Dean scrunches up his forehead in question. “He’s a doctor, or was, before the whole virus. How can he not care? The whole point of a hospital is to help people. You say he hasn’t been on your floor since the whole virus thing, so what has he been doing exactly?”
His mind’s already made up. If having the Mark means it’s given him the ability to kill Abaddon and get Castiel’s grace back to him, then it’s a done deal. He can deal with whatever comes after that.
Dean watches Benny drop to the ground with a heavy thud, unmoving. His alpha’s name must have been enough to pull Castiel back from whatever alpha rage he is in as, so he counts that as a win. Squeezing his eyes shut tightly, he strains to drag up any dregs of strength left inside him. He manages to lift his hand away from his body, reaching out for Cas, silently hoping the alpha actually didn’t make good on his threat and kill the guy.
“Dude, demons I get,” he says closing his eyes and rubbing his forehead feeling the beginning of a headache coming on. “But people…people are fucking crazy.”
“Yeah,” Dean says closing his eyes bringing up his hand to place over Castiel’s. “Me too.”
“No, it hasn’t crossed my mind. We are not cutting any part of his body.” Castiel glares at the group of them.
Well, maybe that’s a lie. The world hasn’t been very kind to him lately. Maybe this is just some sort kind of sick game Fate is playing with him. That, actually, would make more sense than just some sort of coincidence.
Dean’s eyes snap shut, jaw clenching, as he feels his whole body tensing, waiting for the pain to start. He waits for Castiel to move, thrust into him, the slick to stop flowing, or even Castiel’s scent to change to rotten eggs. Dean feels the alphas fingers lightly touch his cheek and his eyes snap open to see two red, worried eyes looking down at him.
Laughing behind him, Castiel lets Dean pull him down the hallway to his bedroom. With Dean’s humor lightening up the mood, Cas finds himself not as nervous as he probably should be after such his declaration.
“Yeah, I’m glad she stayed,” Dean says thinking back to how waking up with Meg was. “I mean, the nurses are okay, but uh, I feel like letting Meg go rouge would —”
“Don’t go saying something your big brothers and sisters are gunna – ”
Comments and Kudos give me a high, loves!! I would love to hear what you all think.
Chuckling, Dean feels some of the tension he’s been feeling fall off his shoulders. Maybe it is that easy? What does he have to lose at this point? “Do you want to get something to eat, sometime?”
Castiel strains to focus his grace on his shoulder popped out of place that he misses Dean’s fist coming directly to the side of his face. It catches him on the side of his jaw, sending him falling to the ground. He manages to turn his body just enough he falls on his good side, shaking his head at the impact. His grace pops his shoulder back into place, but Castiel hardly registers it happening as he hears Dean’s footsteps moving around the room.
Bracing himself for an attack, Castiel opens up the door and steps out onto the stoop. Dean is nowhere in sight. He scans the yard but doesn’t see anyone. The sound of chains falling to the ground has Castiel turning around slowly only to see Dean behind Sam, an arm wrapped around his chest, holding the Blade against his neck.
– as his.
Finally Dean glances over to him. If at all possible, his features grow even more cold. “Crowley has another idea on how to get rid of Abaddon and gain control of hell again.” Dean looks back over at him, but his eyes are off enough to know he’s just looking over his shoulder as to not meet his gaze. “He needs the First Blade. He said it kills Knights of hell.”
“Sam was fired today,” Dean finds himself whispering, unsure to why those are the first words that come out.
“Doing great, kid,” he says, tipping his beer to him slightly before taking another drink.
“No one is killing Dean, Cas.” Sam says somewhere behind him. “We just need to restrain him and get the chain around him. Once he’s unable to do anything, we can get him to where we need him, and figure out how to cure him.”
“Knowing you’re without my scent tonight makes me feel…”
The thought of some random guy having the ability to make him smell like his horrible scent forever has Dean dropping the phone, running to the nearest trashcan and heaving everything he’s eaten in the past twenty-fours out of his body.
Dean’s hit with such a sudden shock of anxiety at seeing Cas walking away from him (because Dean knows he will never be able to walk away again) has Dean’s heartbeat racing. He can feel his face starting to perspire as he envisions tonight being the last night he ever sees Castiel again. The familiar aching in his heart flares when he thinks back to all those weeks he went without hearing Cas’ voice.
Dean huffs out a breath, leaning back against the headboard. “Well aren’t we just a pair.”
“Yes. But you must understand what comes with the Mark.” Dean looks back down at the Mark on Cain’s arm as if it might look more ominous than just an angry looking scar. Cain dips his head trying to catch Dean’s eye. “It comes with a great cost. You need to be sure you will be able to deal with the ramifications of your choice.”
“Hey, are you okay? Didn’t you hear me calling for you?”
The weakness he’s been starting to feel isn’t remotely what any normal human might define as weak, but to him, an angel, he feels pathetic. Every day he finds himself more and more exhausted, but it doesn’t make any sense. Sam says he’s sick, but what type of sickness that no angel can cure, is it? More than that, what good is a sickly, less than half powered angel to the Winchesters? Castiel knows all he’s becoming is another burden and with so much already on Sam and Dean’s plate, it’s only a matter of time before they cast him away. Honestly, he couldn’t even blame them if it was sooner rather than later. The last hunt they went on he did nothing but slow them down and potentially put them in harms way.
It works enough that he feels Benny’s grip loosen on both his hair and neck. Dean yanks himself the rest of the way free, falling forward onto the ground. He rolls to the side, scrambling to get his feet back under him just as Benny lets out an angry howl. Shakily, Dean puts all his remaining strength into just pushing himself up. He stumbles forward, almost falling back down with his first step. He clenches his jaw, internally yelling at himself to just keep going. Keep moving. Keep fighting.
“Cas and I set off each other’s…” He waves he hand in front of him and clears his throat. “Has that ever happened? I mean, between someone else?”
“By the last dose of the blood there wont be any of my grace left to save.”
A knock on his open door startles him out of his thoughts. Dean looks up to see Gordon leaning against the frame, arms cross with a smirk across his face. Something about the way he’s holding himself makes the hair on the back of his neck raise.
They’ve both demolished an extra large veggie pizza together while they work their way through the Lord of the Rings movies. True to her word, Charlie has stocked her refrigerator with root beer for him and Mt. Dew for her. The whole night has been busy quoting lines, talking about the movies verses the books and Charlie going on a rant about one of the major plot points.
Castiel shifts his weight and rubs his arms trying to warm them without thinking about it. Goosebumps erupt over his skin as he waits for Dean to acknowledge him.
A gasp leaves Dean’s lips as he feels his eyes widen as he remembers what he’s desperately been trying to run from since he lost Cas.
“And what kind of company
“It wasn’t just a normal virus. The whole thing was human made, created specifically to rewrite a human’s entire genetic code makeup. It’s almost as if we share a similar code with the canine species. ” he pauses as he listens to Dean’s heartbeat for a moment before continuing. “Whatever genes or traits were more dominate before this crap happened, well, in essence that’s what a person became. The ‘virus’ was just a mask for what was really going on. While people were being taken to the hospital and near death from something no medical professional could figure out, their bodies were actually changing. Completely altering.”
Sam snorts and takes a sip of his water with a fucking
Sitting down in one of the three chairs in front of Bobby’s desk it dawns on Dean that he doesn’t remember walking up here. He feels his forehead scrunching as he tries to remember anything past opening the door to follow Bobby out, but it’s all blank. Huh. That’s probably something he should look into.
“You’re so beautiful,” he says stepping out of his pants. “Just look at you, chest flushed, eyes golden for your alpha. You were already so hard when I walked in. Couldn’t wait for me to get to the bed and had to meet me by the door, right? ”
“I can.” Castiel nods his head, grimacing as his greasy hair flops against his face.
“Sticks and stones, love. You need me.” Crowley waves his hand, rolling his eyes. “You and Dean have a bond, ay? Now that you got your feathers back, I wonder if you would still be able to feel him…” He taps his chin with his finger. “Just a thought.”
Sam blinks wide eyed down at him. “Cas I…” Taking a few steps back he shakes his head and regains his composure. “Listen, it’s kind of cold out here. Why don’t we go back inside where it’s warm and we can talk about this, yeah?”
Dean looks down at his untouched cup trying to pull himself together. This is Cas and he can’t fuck this up. Clearing his throat he raises his head, willing his face to look as neutral as possible. Cain’s unwavering eyes watch him, not a hint of emotion displayed on his face. “Look, we came looking for the Blade. We didn’t know we’d be meeting you.” Dean’s eyes glance over at Crowley momentarily. “I didn’t know we would be meeting up with you, at least.”
“Dean, take a breath.”
Sam begins their very slowly walk to the bathroom, and Castiel finds that every single movement makes different areas of his body ignite into pain. It’s almost too much.
“I can give you the Mark, if you so truly desire,” he says leaning closer to Dean. “It may only be given to someone who is truly worthy.”
Dean watches as Castiel’s lips part with a response, but before he can speak, his eyes grow wide and suddenly Dean’s flying backwards, his back slamming into the five foot ledge around roof they were just sitting on. Pieces crumble and fall on top of him as he hisses in annoyance more than pain, pushing himself back to his feet. Looking around he tries to figure out what the hell just happened.
Finally back in the states, after a month of silence from Dean, Castiel’s heart still weighs heavy inside him. He tries to keep his mind occupied with different things, but living with Dean present in his life for so long, everything seems to circle back to him. Where the first few weeks were filled with tear soaked pillows as he’d try to fall asleep, now he just feels numb. Nothing seems to hold any type of excitement anymore. Not even flying to a different continent discovering a new kind of dinosaur bone. Even the food he forces himself to choke down tastes bland.
. He’s just drunk, exhausted, and today has been total crap.
The lump seems to almost grow larger as he tries to swallow past it. Castiel looks over Dean slowly, trying to see a crack in the armor he wears so well trying to make people nothing in the world can get to him. There doesn’t seem to be one, not anymore. But Castiel knows him better than Dean thinks he does. He remade him all those years ago, how could he not?
Squeezing his eyes tightly closed, Dean tries to block out everything around him. Slowly, almost painfully, he lets himself breathe in a small whiff of the alpha.
“‘Lo,” he rasps out, wincing at his own voice.
“What the hell happened?” He asks, glancing up at him as they sit down.
Castiel reaches his hand out and grips Sam’s arm. “No one is killing Dean.”
*chuckles in cliffhanger* =D
“You’re such a – ”
“Where’s Sam?” He asks.
“The fucking waitress.”
I'm not dead!
Focusing on not putting too much pressure on his broken and bruised hand, Castiel pushes with his forearm against the couch and rises to his feet on unsteady legs. He takes in a few deep breaths and lets them out slowly in a an attempt to try and relax his body. After a few times Castiel realizes he is getting nowhere and looks around the small motel room but sees no one. The voices must be coming from outside.
And then it hits him what he’s just done.
Another screams cuts through the air, but then suddenly stops short. Dean tumbles forward, face first into the floor of the woods. The confusion only lasts a moment before he shakes his head and pushes himself to his feet. Breaking out into a run, Dean strains his ears to ear anything, but leans more on the pull inside his chest to guide him to his friend. Cold dread spreads through his veins the deeper he gets into the woods, but Dean doesn’t slow down. He can’t slow down.
The shorter hair stops thrusting her fingers, pulling out quickly before reaching up and grabbing her ass and pulling her down overtop of her. The blond lets out a pleasured scream as the other holds her down on top of her, going to town, licking and sucking her clit while Dean watches the whole thing, completely transfixed with how they’re completely lost on each other. He almost feels like he’s intruding on something private, something he shouldn’t really be seeing.
“And?” Crowley asks.
“Bobby,” he practically growls out. “I want to talk to Bobby Singer, now!”
The only time he sees Castiel is when his arms are chained from the ceiling, bare feet barely touching the ground. He’s always bare chested. His chest and back are riddled with marks both old and new from knives, whips and other various instruments used to get him to comply. They – whoever
Dean brings up his hand trying to touch his shoulder, but Castiel pushes further back into Sam letting out something that sounds like animalistic snarl that has Dean yanking his hand back. “Get away from me!” He struggles in Sam’s arms trying to get his hands free to defend himself, but Sam just grunts, holding him tighter.
When he went to break things off with Lisa, that’s when Dean realized how big of an idiot he was for thinking he could ever be happy with someone else when he and Castiel worked together so well.
“Cas?” Sam waves a hand in front of his face. He blinks, eyes focusing on the room around him, and Sam’s narrowing eyes. “Did you hear anything I said?”
Castiel bites down on his tongue hard enough to taste blood. His head is spinning with all the possible ways to disarm Dean and win this. In reality, it would be fairly easy. Dean may be strong, but he lacks the skill of centuries of battles. But this isn’t Dean. This is the Mark talking, trying to get into his head and bring out his weakness. He knows he will never be able to kill him, but if he wants to live, he needs to overpower him. He tightens his hands into fists, takeing a cautious step closer to Dean.
“Black and white isn’t always so easy to go by,” he continues like Dean answered him. Maybe his silence was answer enough, or maybe he wasn’t ever really expecting one. “There’s always these little gray areas no one seems to consider. Little things leading up to the bigger thing that no one ever takes into account. Maybe the person had it coming, or maybe it was just a little thing that set off that avalanche of shit that’s been piling up. But either way, I ain’t no law. I wasn’t put here on this earth to sit here and judge you for what you did or why you did it. Everyone’s got a tipping point. Some of us are just more unlucky to get caught when it happens.” Clicking his tongue the man shifts on the bench, the sounds of something metal on his jacket scraping against the stone wall as he adjusts his position. “So I’ll ask you again, and I’m not asking for the story. Simple yes or no. Did they deserve it?”
Dean walks down the dark steps of the station as the numbing shock starts to slowly fade and the reality of the situation sets in. Charlie is giddy beside him, fisting pumping the air and talking a mile a minute about how amazing it felt to stare down the enemy, good triumphing over evil and how alive she feels. Out of habit, Dean walks Charlie to her yellow Volkswagen bug.
He loses count with how many hits he gets in, and the red spilling from Gordon’s face just seems to fuel the red already staining his vision.
to ask – but all he can do is lean into Castiel’s gentle touch.
the problem now is how he took one whiff of this guy – this stranger – and now he’s suddenly being labeled as gay? This can’t be right.
“So, I put a gps tracker on the Impala awhile ago,” Sam says ignoring the glare Dean gives him. “I’ve got some good news.”
“Sam can fill you in more tomorrow. He’s passed out in his old room, so don’t freak out if you hear someone. Kid will probably will wake up with a wicked hangover that I’ll never hear the end of,” he chuckles dryly. “Sucks, though, you know? The whole way the world is. Thought maybe where he was he’d get to stay out of some of the bad.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel’s hand rises without a thought, cupping Dean’s face, his thumbs brushing away the tears. He feels his eyes widen in shock as he realizes what’s happening just at the same time Dean gasps in surprise. Standing there, his body frozen with Dean’s face in his hands, he manages to take a shaky breath. The sound of his heart racing echoes inside his head, but still his eyes refuse to stray from Dean’s.
Leaning forward just as Cas, finally, leans forward into his space their foreheads knock together and they both huff out broken chuckles. Dean grabs the back of his alpha’s neck, letting his tangling his fingers into his mess of dark hair. Just soaking in the simple touch of their foreheads resting each other has a peace settling in him.
“All of this is something you can’t even begin to wrap your head around by being beta. Hell, you lock yourself inside that hospital going about your day like nothing has changed while all us rejects from the genetic lottery get raped, harassed, losing jobs or whatever else shit end of the stick the new worlds gods want to throw at us. So when you ask us how we’re doing, or how we’re feeling, none of you really want to hear the answer. None of you could give a shit less or even begin to understand what any of these
“I’m poison,” Dean whispers, his warm breath falling over Castiel’s lips and making them tingle. “Why can’t you see that? Everyone who gets close to me ends up Dead or…” He squeezes his eyes shut, tears falling out the sides. “Or worse.”
In two strides he’s standing over him. It’s impossible for Castiel not to notice how Dean is already half hard, as if he’s getting off on everything he’s doing. Dean reaches down and grabs a handful of his hair and pulls him up to his feet. Hissing, Castiel tries to knock his hands away but Dean just tips his head back and laughs.
“Don’t fucking come near me,” he warns, eyes flicking back and forth between the two of them.
“Mmm,” Castiel hums. “I can see what you mean, but that doesn’t really answer my question about you.”
“So let me get this straight.” Sam pauses from his vigorous pacing back and forth in the small motel room turning to Dean. “You leave to go get drunk, Crowley finds you, fills you in on what is going on and –”
“Why isn’t your brother here with you? I am told how close you two are.” Cain asks, leaning forward, wisps of hair falling over his eyes. “Or is he back with that angel you care so much about? Protecting him while you risk your life with a reason you barely know anything about.”
More than that, it helped working around Benny at the garage. They were able to interact with each other almost like they use to, minus Benny getting weird sometimes and posturing when another alpha came in. Dean was able to go to the bars after work always being mistaken for a beta. He even managed to get lucky a few times, bringing a beta female back to his place who was usually too drunk to notice the slick. It always seemed to leave him empty afterwards, though, like he was missing something. Almost like a part of him was incomplete.
As the last of the words fall out of Sam’s mouth, Castiel is in front of him, shoving Sam against the wall. Sam glares down at him with so much hatred Castiel can almost taste it.
the brothers agreed to helping Crowley get the Blade without actually taking the time to understand what they’re getting themselves into is the cause of his simmer anger.
. And now he’s been so stressed and out of his head, running on autopilot, he just manages to walk down it? Like it’s just an average Tuesday?
“Stop.” Dean holds up a hand, giving him a cold stare. “You’re not going to say shit. You don’t get to say shit!”
“Ask Rocky and Bullwinkle here, eh? They requested my presence.” Castiel tilts his head, eyes glancing back to the brothers as Crowley pushes himself off the building, casually slipping his hands into the pockets of his jacket. “Though I will say we make a great team. With our powers combined and all that.”
A rush of cool air breezes over him enough to gain a sense of himself to pull his hand gingerly away from the mirror. Bloody glass clinks down into the sink as Sam rushes over turning off the water and grabs at a towel. Sam carefully wraps it around his hand leading Castiel out of the bathroom and back to the bed.
Castiel presses his body closer into Dean’s, putting more of his strength into pushing his arm into Dean’s chest to keep him from moving. He tries not to worry about how Dean doesn’t even try to fight against it, wondering if, maybe, the last dose of blood might be starting to work after all. “You can try mask everything behind this act, but you being able to walk through the devils trap means it’s working.”
– what’s happening right now – was most definitely
Castiel fights the surge to bit his already split and painful lips as he watches Sam pace back and forth in their small motel room. It had been nearly morning when Dean had walked out. Sam assured him that Dean just needed some space and would come back in the room after he drove around for a bit.
Dean’s face twists into something cold, dark, evil as he yanks his brother’s head back further, causing Sam to stumble backwards as he bends awkwardly. Castiel surges forward, angel blade raised to stop Dean but right as he’s about to strike, Dean arches his back, the Blade slightly moving away from Sam’s throat. Dean hisses in pain as Castiel takes the opening, swinging the hilt of his blade into Dean’s hand that is still gripping onto Sam’s hair. Dean barely loosens his grip, but it’s just enough that Castiel pushes Sam away right before he shoves Dean with his whole body into the kitchen counter. He catches Dean actually grimacing in pain and is taken aback for a moment. Something silver catches Castiel’s eye and his eyes focus on Dean’s shoulder and the angel blade protruding through his right shoulder.
“I filed a restraining order on Benny the day I turned in you statement,” he continues. “You are covered under that since you’re my mate. If Benny is anywhere around you again it violates —”
“You always do that,” Cas chuckles beside him. "It's almost unfair how easily you can fall asleep."
Sleep comes to Castiel in waves.
“My scent was the one thing keeping you alive!” He growls. “Unless Sam has managed to do the impossible and break a mating bite, then I would imagine without my scent around you, within a few days you’ll be right back in that rejection wing.”
“Cas,” he says, voice cracking despite his efforts to try and steady it. “It’s going to be fine.”
Pushing back all his thoughts and issues whirling around in his head, Dean turns back to his mate. “I’ll get looked at, but not by these two assholes.” Castiel raises an eyebrow in surprise, but nods his head. “I want my brother looking at me.”
Sam’s ringtone blares from his pocket, cutting off his words.
Now that Cas is turned over Dean can see the slight rise and fall of his chest. It’s a simple thing that with anyone else he might be relieved, but the bottom line is two hours ago he’d been almost semi happy to give Castiel his clothes to wear for bed, and now this? Dean’s mouth goes dry as his stomach twists.
Dean still remains the oddity; point-oh-one percent of the world’s population. Rare. A mystery.
Truthfully, Dean doesn’t even have a damn answer. Carefully Sam helps Castiel sit on the edge of the bed, and carefully takes one of his hands to examine his fingers. Dean knows they were broken before they got here and Sam obviously hasn’t had a chance to really set them, or hasn’t wanted to traumatize Castiel anymore for one day. Can’t blame him. Still, Dean winces thinking about how much it must have hurt to pick him up and toss him across the room. Castiel’s face flashes through his mind again as Dean tries to blink back the images.
“You know what I’m sick of?” Dean asks through gritted teeth. “I’m sick of being asked that. I’m sick of you, or Cas, or one of your nurses asking me over and over again how I’m fucking doing. I’m sick of being looked at like I’m some sort of freak or-or some sort of science experiment that everyone’s trying to figure out what went wrong. I’m fucking sick being treated like I’m not human anymore. I’m sick of having to worry about what streets are safe to walk on, or what time of day I can leave my house, or if my heat is close and the smell might leak into my scent.”
“Uh, friends, actually.”
“Mm, that would be nice,” Dean mumbles again, nuzzling his head back into the pillow.
“I don’t understand,” he says narrowing his eyes back at Sam. “Dean proceeded so adamantly to make a deal because I was sleeping?”
It isn’t as if he’s sad, because that word doesn’t seem quite right with what he’s feeling. He’s not exactly numb, either. There’s this steadily thrumming melancholy running through him taking away any and all motivation to really do anything, but gives him just enough that Dean can wistfully acknowledge the feeling of longing for his alpha. Any time the feeling begins to teeter on the edge of “too much” Dean just turns his head into Castiel’s bunched up shirt he’s been using for a pillow and takes in a deep breath of it.
The pile of his old clothes lies on the floor, taunting him with unkind reminders of the last few months. Castiel walks into the kitchen, and heads straight over to the stove where the long kitchen lighter still sits, waiting to be used. He grabs the lighter, heading back into the bedroom. Castiel bends down; scooping up the clothes in his arms, and feels the air shift around him again.
Crowley’s laughter echoes around the, thankfully, empty parking lot. “Or you’ll what? Bleed on me? I mean really Castiel, have you seen yourself lately?” He gives one last chuckle, clearing his throat and straightening up. Crowley sticks his hands in his jacket pockets, leaning back against the Impala and looking back at them with some expression Castiel doesn’t bother to figure out.
“Still tired? Weak?” Dean asks pressing his body closer into his.
“What the hell are you doing, going on vacation?” Dean grumbles, tossing the blankets off him and rolling out of bed.
“Hello! Earth to Winchester!” Charlie says snapping her fingers in front of his face. “Did you not here the part where you work tonight?”
“The whole situation is just fucked up, okay?” Dean says shaking his head.
Things were good – great, even. Castiel had finally come out and told him how he felt shortly after that day at their diner. He’d asked Dean to take it slow. And by slow, Castiel meant like, a glacier pace. But he was cool with it. It was fine. He finally didn’t feel like he had to hide saying little things. Little things changed, like instead of going their separate ways after dinner, they’d drive back to one of their apartments and just watch movies or talk. It was almost like they were the same as they’d always been, except now they just sat even closer on the couch, brushing their fingers on each other’s skin without having to pass it off like they hadn’t meant for it to happen.
When it comes right down to it, people don’t understand. No one can possibly understand another humans decision for doing whatever it is that they choose do. Bottom line is people deal with things differently. Sometimes they’re strong and can make it through, start anew, or whatever other bullshit far better people than him do.
“Some ‘bitch’, huh? What the hell are you talking about?” Dean snaps out with a growl. “I go over the books same as you, and our profits are just as good as ever!”
“Hey!” He hears behind him. “Dean! Wait up!”
“You never were a good liar.”
He feels Dean’s body move, feeling the subtle shifts of his muscles press more firmly against his. Castiel doesn’t let his eyes leave Dean’s face, but holds his stare almost daring Dean to try and prove him wrong. Cas watches as his jaw clenches, then relaxes. He watches as a bead of sweat drips down from his temple, catching on his five o’clock shadow. Castiel watches him so carefully, conscious to all his movements so intently, that he’s ready when Dean lunges at him.
But there isn’t anything he can do about it, anymore.
Sam rolls his eyes. “You’re an idiot.” He takes another sip from his water and then places his off to the side. “So Branson, you really think this is a salt and burn thing? Because I was looking into it and…”
Cain just continues staring at him for a moment more before he rises from the chair in one smooth movement. He starts walking towards the kitchen, but pauses at the threshold. “Does anyone else know you are here?”
“I can go get your alpha to help you settle down. Would that help?” The beta asks in a soft voice, lowering his hands.
“You always told me from the beginning you never wanted this. I…I just didn’t realize it would hurt this much,” he gasps out, his face crumpling as his façade breaks apart.
“Cas, c’mon man. Get up.” Dean gently shakes Castiel, with one hand, keeping the other running through his hair. “C’mon. We’re going to get you a warm shower. Cas… ” Dean’s head falls on Castiel’s shoulder as his tears start to break through. “I’m so sorry I wasn’t here, but you gotta get up.
Warm, gentle fingers lightly fall over his hand, stilling his fingers from rubbing the bruises. Dean hesitates before looking up at Cas slowly, a few tears blinking free. Bracing himself to see a sickened expression or a furious one, Dean steels himself mentally to accept either one. But when he meets Castiel’s gaze, he’s overwhelmed with relief seeing his soft eyes.
The shaking stops and the blond lets out a cry as Dean sees the brown haired girl shove three fingers in her, pumping them slowly. “You’re gunna fucking come with my mouth on your clit and only with my mouth, right?”
His heart stopped beating on a Saturday. He wasn’t buried in his favorite tan trench coat he wore everywhere because it made him feel safe. No, his family had him cremated and placed in an ugly urn they planned to put in the corner of some room left to collect dust.
Dean lowers the blade, stepping up to Cain. “Just give us the damn blade!” He hisses, somehow managing to retrain himself from grabbing him and shaking him.
More than that, though, he is impure now. Not to say he was ever the picture of a perfect angel, but he still had his dignity. And now… Is there any coming back from this? He is left with nothing. He has no skills now that his grace is gone, nothing that sets him apart that might be useful to Sam or Dean for hunting. If anything, with how drained and sick he’s been feeling lately, he’s only a barely walking hazard.
Dean shakes his head picking up the fruit bar and nibbling a little off the end. He feels his face scrunch up when all he can taste is cardboard and tosses it over onto the nightstand. He takes the cup of water in both of his trembling hands and takes a sip. Thirst hits him out of nowhere, and he tips the cup back gulping it down in four big swallows.
“Castiel!” Sam yells, slamming his fist on the table to get his attention.
“Not going as well as you hoped?” Crowley says.
Gritting his teeth, Castiel pushes himself off the dresser and walks the few steps to the edge of the bed where he sits down. He can feel his grace moving and working inside him attempting to heal him, but something isn’t right. It took hours to build up enough energy to fly back here and now he feels completely exhausted. He can still feel it trying to replenish itself, sluggishly healing the damage to his body. Maybe he just needs longer to recharge until things get back to normal?
First, his ears start ringing making impossible to hear anything else Castiel has to say. Next comes a coldness that starts working its way over his body like a fog rolling in. He can feel his heart beating rapidly inside his chest, and for a second he thinks maybe he’s having a heart attack. A part of him knows it’s not that, but the way it’s pounding inside him has Dean a little on nervous.
Dean’s laugh cuts him off. A full bellied, eye lines crinkled, head tipped back laugh. Castiel can’t help but smile up at him, chuckling in response. How long has it been since either of them have laughed?
“I want you to tilt your chin up to me like this…” He raises Dean’s chin where he needs it with his fingers. The angle makes it difficult to look at his brother without going cross eyed, so Dean settles with staring up at the ceiling. “I’m going to start at the chin working my way down and around your throat. I’ll try and finish with the mating bite last. I want you to tell me if anything hurts – scale one to ten – and describe the pain beset you can.”
He doesn’t understand. He’s trying, thinking back to anything and everything that’s happened in such a short amount of time, but he can’t remembering saying anything about his brother that might cause something like this. Something to make an alpha fall apart. Castiel’s lip trembles and Dean tries to get his heavy body to scoot closer over to him.
Dean slips his shaking hand into Cas’, wincing slightly at how sore his body feels as Castiel helps him rise onto his trembling legs. Dean gives himself a moment to lean against Castiel, taking in a few deep breaths of his mates scent, trying to help steady himself before turning around. His alpha reluctantly lets go of his hand, giving Dean one last look before turning back to Benny with narrowing eyes.
It dawns on Dean, for whatever reason, that even though they’ve been together all this time, neither one of them as ever said those three little words. They’ve done it in other ways, certain actions, but the actual words themselves…
Slowly, as if in a trance, Castiel slid into his seat across from Dean, still staring at his arm like it might light back up again.
Those are the words of someone very, very confident in how they survive. Swallowing thickly, Dean tries not to make it obvious that he’s trying to look at Castiel’s wrist as he moves to turn around. As he’s turning around he glances at the numbers, then freezes, eyes going wide before he grabs his wrist.
“I’ve been a police officer ever since the virus hit, so what you’re saying is news for me.” He clears his throat, posture suddenly changing and becoming stiffer. Dean wonders if it’s an alpha thing or a cop thing. Maybe both. “After the virus, I’ve seen a lot of things; a lot of things that didn’t make sense yet. One thing I do remember is coming across a female omega that still preferred the company of other females. Their subgender never changed her preference, though it’s considered wrong if it’s not with an alpha female, but that’s missing the point.” He rolls his eyes and takes in a deep breath. “My point is, even if you became beta or alpha, it wouldn’t change your sexual preference. Your subgender changes hormonal things and your body a little bit, but really it just enhances your already there urges and desires. As for all the other things…”
At least they got one night together before the world was thrown back into chaos.
“Charlie, I’m s –”
Castiel looks back at him, holding his hands up in a nonthreatening way. “No judgment by any means,” he lowers them as his eyes dart around the room like he’s looking for something. “Don’t you think you should’ve prepared better for your heat? You don’t even have any type of protein bars or any type of substance.”
“Hey, look at me.” The voice fades in and out, barely audible.  Castiel looks back at the man. “You’ve been through a lot. I get it. But it’s going to be alright, okay?” He squints as Sam blurs into a mixture of colors, lights and darks. “You just gotta talk to me, okay?” The flesh toned colors move closer towards him. Castiel tries to back away from the colorful blur approaching, but his back only hits the wall. “Cas, it’s just me. Let me help you.”
Sam’s face scrunches up before he turns back to look at Crowley who just stares back at him with his usual neutral face. Castiel sighs, shrugging off the blanket and rises to his feet. “I believe it was the sixth dose that we noticed a change in behavior, correct?”
As the last trickle of heat drips down his throat as a certain clarity fills his mind. Castiel’s eyes shoot open just as his body is enveloped in a blindly blue light.
“This way,” Sam says at the edge of the emergency room waiting room. He swipes his badge before shouldering open a door, waiting for them to follow.
Squeezing his eyes shut tightly for a moment, Castiel sighs, trying to get his emotions in check before slowly opening them again.  “I am not asking your permission.”
“My vessels clothes. Where are those clothes?” Castiel begins to slip off his flannel over shirt, leaving him in a black t-shirt.
Cain’s words whisper at him from the back of his mind,
Gritting his teeth, he tries to focus on keeping his body from collapsing despite how his body trembles uncontrollably. Dean tries to think about tomorrow and the plans he has to see Sam and his wife Jessica. She keeps nagging at him to go out and meet someone so it’ll balance their dinners better.
“Listen here you alpha dick. My brother has been through enough shit without your stupid fucking mind games. He smells like beginning stages of rejection again, so if you’re going to be the rea—”
“Might I introduce you to the walking, talking angel that’s been in love with your brother for years?” Crowley says motioning at him. “Pity to waste out on all this holiness beside us, don’t you think?”
Right below his chin he feels Sam’s fingers press gently. Besides annoyed, it feels fine. The pressure stays the same, but slowly Sam’s fingers lower down to his neck. He flinches a few times, feeling like someone is poking at a bruise. Sam refuses to move and further until Dean mumbles out a number rating his pain.
“No I’m not a fucking cat!” Dean huffed, sticking his hands in his pockets as they started walking down the sidewalk with no real direction. “Why does everyone always assume I’m a fucking cat?”
There is no cure.
“You know what, this is stupid,” Dean mumbles crawling to the edge of the bed. “Get the fuck out of my house!”
“Really?” He asks sarcastically. “You’re just going to go with ‘fine’ and expect me to buy that?”
“Dean?” His brother says off to the side of him.
Striding over to the table he reaches out to grab the keys, but Sam’s hand slides in front of him. “No,  you’re not leaving this time.”
. “What are you doing?” He doesn’t mean for it to come out so harsh, but he’s hard to wrap his head around Dean laying a hand on Sam in anger.
“Come again?” He asks stepping closer to his brother, fists balled so tightly his nails dig into his hands. “You know what, no. If you know where my car is then I don’t care. But we
and it’s like I – no! That’s no excuse. I know how to handle something like this and – ”
Dean jerks Castiel’s body against his so forcefully that he has to close his eyes to try and steady himself. As he slowly opens them, Dean’s eyes, now darkened with lust, peer down at him with such a hunger that Castiel’s stomach twists and his mouth goes dry. He hears the sound of a belt being unbuckled, but he’s unable to break away from Dean’s eyes; those green eyes that belong to his Righteous Man he pulled from hell. Those eyes that belong to the man he’s fought beside for years, saving so many lives.
“Now just cause I ain’t there doesn’t mean you can start pissin’ around. I expect you to keep things runnin’ smoothly. Got it, son?” Bobby says, his gruff voice breaks off into a coughing fit.
By the end of the day Benny hasn’t come back. Dean is closing up when he smells something that makes him turn his head sniffing the air. It smells like he’s in a forest. Some type of wood he can’t put his finger on…Cedar? Pine? With a hint of honey. Dean knows it’s instantly an alpha but instead of feeling fear his body is seems to almost be pulling him towards the scent. His mouth starts watering and without thinking about it, his feet are taking him towards the open garage door. He manages to stop himself just outside the door staring at a man with dark hair that looks his hands have been running through it too much stands beside an old gold Lincoln Continental. Bright blue eyes stare back at him, crinkling slightly as he offers a small smile.
Before Dean can even process what’s happening to stop himself, he’s leaning over the small space between them, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s neck as gently as possible. As his actions hit him, Dean tries to ignore the face that Castiel has now gone completely rigid. Dean tries to sooth him by running his hand through his messy hair as his other hand hangs onto Sam’s giant shirt hanging off his shoulders. Somewhere in the back of his head alarms are going off telling him to let go before something bad happens, but he pushes it away. Cas knows he’d never hurt him, and this is just his way of earning that trust.
. “I left you because it was toxic, and Cas told you to leave me the hell alone.”
“Dr. Winchester, what do you want us to do?” A female voice asks.
Castiel watches as a slow smile spreads over Dean’s lips. “Oh, I really think I do.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“How much?” Dean impatiently asks again.
“This is my brother, Cas. I know you guys have shit or whatever, but he’s… I…” Sam swallows thickly, looking down at him with his hazel glistening. He takes in a shaky breath and Castiel nods in understanding.
Is that why he got fired? Did they think Sam was going to use the same method? “So, the head of your department, or whatever, thought you were going to do the same thing?”
that their own body refuses to function properly for them. No matter how tired they may be, sleep escapes them. They’d even take one of those nightmares that use to plague them instead of the two hours of sleep filled with vivid dreams of a happily ever after haunting his only escape from reality.
After a beat Crowley’s gruff voice breaks the silence. “Did Dean ever tell you why Cain stopped?”
The kid hardly moves, and Dean can feel his brothers muscles tensing underneath his hand. The air is so thick with his scent he can almost taste it. It actually takes him aback before he remembers that Castiel’s own scent now mingles with his own. Sam raises his arm, and Dean braces for whatever might happen next, but then Sam suddenly whips his head around to the side and sneezes.
Out of the corner of his eye he sees Sam give a firm nod, but his face is twisted into something pain that pulls at Dean’s heart. He shifts his feet, turning his body away from him, staring down at Cas not knowing where the hell to go from here.
“This isn’t the best place to have this conversation,” Castiel voice rumbles behind Dean. “I suggest we take this inside.”
“I know what it means driving you here to your brother,” Castiel whispers, his last word breaking slightly.
“Remember now?” Castiel says, stepping out into the hallway, angry tears still running down his face.
Knowing that any attempt he makes to try and get free will only make things worse, he tries to relax enough to not tighten up around Dean. He hears Dean spit again and the spit drip down on his hole, but the pain doesn’t ease. Castiel grits his teeth, fingers gripping the sheets as tightly as he can as Dean relentlessly thrusts harder, deeper, faster.
With a sigh, Dean reaches for his phone and turns it on. He chews on his bottom lip as it slowly starts up and starts pinging missed calls and messages. Some are from his brother, a few from Benny, but not one from Cas. Sighing again, he doesn’t even bother reading the messages before clicking on his brother’s name and calling him.
Dean walks in, stopping beside the hospital bed in the center of the room. He tires to scent the area, unsurprised when he doesn’t really smell anything. It’s weird how after living with heightened senses for hardly any length of time it’s become an oddity to not be able to scent another person. It’s hard to think back when they were all “normal” and relied on their intuition and eyes to gage a person and their reactions.
clothes – are soaked in sweat and he’s pretty sure he has a fever. The thought alone is humorous enough to make him laugh, but he can’t quite bring himself to laugh when getting out of bed for a glass of whatever leaves him breathless and sore.
Sam had been nagging him for months to get back out there since Lisa left him, but Dean kept pushing it off, always coming up with excuses not to. It was hard enough admitting his presence wasn’t enough for her. Yeah, they weren’t technically a compatible match, but it seemed to work well enough when they both put in the work. Or at least Dean thought it was enough until he came home from work and everything that was hers in the house was gone. Not having any warning or conversation leading up to it was probably the biggest slap in the face.
“Dean,” the voice says again. They’re pressed so closely together Dean can feel the rumble of every word in his chest where his heart beats slow and steadily now. The only sharp pain he feels is on his neck, but soaking in the worlds most perfect smell, nothing else matters.   “Open your eyes. I need you to look at me.”
Dean leans back against the pillows and decides it’s best not to beat around the bush. “Sam, I can’t…” He motions to himself. “Do this. I can’t live like this.”
“I am well aware you
“What the fuck!” Dean yells, shoving Benny back. Did he just smell him?
“Someone’s grouchy,” Dean mumbles letting his heavy eyes finally slip closed.
. It’s why people like him have to be careful and keep their guard up at all times. It’s why Dean will never be able to trust anyone because time and time again he’s seen how the addiction has overpowered that flimsy emotion people call love.
“He’s dead. Sam killed him. He’s dead,” Dean mumbles shaking his head as he stumbles towards the room Sam had texted him was theirs. It’s impossible. It’s been
Dean chuckles shaking his head. “See, that’s just the thing. You gotta have something to love to fight for.”
Dean raises his head, eyes following Sam as he gets back onto his stool and goes over to his computer. “I need to ask you some questions. I know it might be a little uncomfortable, but the more information you can give me the more I will be able to help you.”
you keep?” Dean asks, trying to keep his voice steady. “Huh, Cas? Spell it out for me, cause you know us demons are stupid, right?”
“I doubt it,” Sam says with a shrug. “He didn’t technically do anything. Like I said though, my only goal was to save you. Honestly it was a bit touch and go there, but after thirty-six hours here we are.”
He tries to block out the sound of Dean’s voice, only to focus on the faint, barely there hum of the his grace inside Dean. Even this close, straining to feel it, Castiel can barely make it out. It’s there, though, almost as if it’s calling out for him – screaming for him – encouraging him to help. Begging him not to let the demon win.
After trying to set and splint his fingers as best as Sam could, the younger Winchester tried to get a few more hours of sleep. Castiel couldn’t bring himself to relax enough to even close his eyes for longer than a few minutes. Noises, any noise, had his eyes shooting open, his body bracing for another attack. Of course no one was coming into their room, it was just car doors slamming, people passing by talking, or dogs barking; normal things. Realizing sleep was a lost cause, he said up in bed, staring at the door waiting for Dean to return while Sam tossed and turned.
Letting his head fall back against the door, Castiel lets out a breath and lets his eyes slip closed. This whole thing was foolish. He failed not only Dean, but Sam as well. Whatever he saw the other night in Honduras may have been Dean, but every time he reaches out he feels less and less of him. Castiel opens his eyes and pushes up from the door.
And the fucked up thing about it all? It doesn’t even feel wrong to want it.
“Alpha voice,” Dean mumbles, finishing for him. He’s still a little fuzzy, but he does remember Cas saying that at some point since they’ve met each other. “Yeah, you said that.”
*~*~*~*
That’s how Castiel finds him some time later; head laying against the cool porcelain bowl, dry heaving as he tries to rub the smell spice from his nostrils.
“I never said anything the, what did you call them? New world gods?” Sam says leaning forward in his chair to look at him eye to eye. “I never said anything they were doing was for the best. I just tell you what I hear so you can prepare yourself.”
Two hours later Sam is sitting at the table holding a bloodied rag wedged in between his elbow and arm. Crowley took the bag of vials of blood and disappeared promising them a quick return. Castiel offers Sam another bottle of some mineral, electrolyte something-or-another water, but he only shakes his head and lowers his arm, dabbing the dirty rag over his bruised crease.
No bargaining. Nothing more, nothing less. And when it when it comes to someone that has the power to take away his angel, sealing him a world of nothingness forever, no chance to save him no matter how many deals he tries to make, well…
There must be a look he gives Sam as he raises his head because Sam just rolls his eyes. “The bond? He can probably feel whatever it is that you’re feeling.”
“It isn’t Dean’s responsibility to fix me,” Castiel says sitting up straight, ignoring the throbbing coming from putting pressure on his ass. “Nor is it yours. This is my problem and I plan to fix it.”
Slowly, almost hyper aware on what he’s doing, Cas starts his car, connecting his phone to the Bluetooth. “Are you home? Where am I going?”
Resigns to the fact that he might not actually get out of this office unless he agrees. “Fine. What is it?”
control him, let alone some piss poor excuse for an alpha that isn’t his. Benny is going to have to find out the hard way how serious he’s always been when he said he wont ever allow that to happen.
Castiel takes a long look at the deep, moss green eyes swallowing thickly. Dean is in there somewhere. Even now he can feel their bond, though it may be faint. It’s only just a few more hours and Dean can be cured. It will – no – it has to work.
Dean snorts. That’s the biggest understatement he’s ever heard. But maybe that’s because he comes from a time where the world wasn’t in ruins and the smoke from fires didn’t blot out the sun. Squinting up through the smoke, he stares at the red sun briefly letting himself wonder when the last time he saw the blue of the sky.
“There is still hope for Dean to find himself, again.” Castiel argues. “We can remind him of his humanity, and give him something to hold onto.”
This goddamn fucking forest where all signs pointed to it being a wendigo, but come to find out there’s a whole damn nest of vampires. A nest of vampires that was busy draining a couple of campers by the looks of it. That is, until the vamps caught their scent and they all three had to scatter, trying to hide before getting seen.
Dean lifts up a couple of shirts laying on the dresser but his keys aren’t under them. Sam moves to stand in front of him, but Dean sidesteps and walks over to the side table in between the beds and starts lifting up a Kleenex box like they might have magically been hiding underneath it. Giving a frustrated huff, he almost decides to just leave trek it on foot but as Dean turns to head to the door, he sees the glint of his keys from the table in front of the window.
Sam doesn’t move from the spot on the ground, and Dean blinks his face back into focus wondering briefly how long he’s actually been staring up at him. It can’t be comfortable. Sam shouldn’t be wasting his time on him, anyway. He’s probably got a whole floor full of omegas going through the same thing that actually deserve to be saved.
Dread floods Dean as he slowly approaches his boyfriend, unsure of what happened.
An anger so fierce Dean, never in all the time that he’s been alive, has felt. It rages through him, blind hate fueling his movements as he pushes off the ground, screaming so loudly his throat burns with all the emotions he never thought or wanted to feel again. Pushing his body harder, he picks up speed, raising his bloodied fist as he rushes towards Castiel. He will make that angel pay for leaving him. He wont stop until he feels every ounce of pain he felt, threefold.
He looks up and down the street wondering where the guy could have gone. Dean grits his teeth and glances down at his business card with his cell phone number scribbled on the back of it. The guy needs to know that if he doesn’t get four new tires on his car sooner rather than later, he’ll probably have end up in the same situation. Dean isn’t some asshole that is going to not let him know just because of his designation.
Cas looks away, wringing his hands. The hairs on the back of Dean’s neck begin to rise. Somethings not right. Call it his demon intuition to tell when he’s being lied to, but something tells Dean that Cas is hiding something from him. Something big. And sure, yeah, they’re both playing for opposite teams, but Dean always thought that they were different. They at least have enough trust between the two of them that they don’t have to lie or keep things from each other. But seeing Cas acting the way he’s acting leads Dean to believe it’s been one sided this whole time.
Sheepishly Sam rubs the back of his head, laughing nervously. “I got ahead of myself. So, uh, true mates have more of a bond between them. Even before mating, it’s like…” He furrows his forehead before snapping his fingers and pointing back at him. “Setting off your heat and Cas’ rut! Even though you had just had your heat and Cas wasn’t due for his rut, just the proximity of being within the distance of your true mate set off your guys cycles.”
Castiel growls, tipping his head back before slamming it forward into Dean’s nose with a sickening crunch. Dean stumbles backwards, taking him with him. Castiel slams his head into his nose again, pushing against his chest with his free arm. The strain from the angle of how Dean has his arm makes any type of momentum difficult, but the pained look and amount of blood on Dean’s face seems to mean something is working. Dean pulls on his twisted arm harder until Castiel hears a pop and lets out a yell as pain floods his shoulder.
“I’d like that,” Castiel responds too quickly. “To get to know you, that is.”
Cain rubs the Mark, staring at it with longing. “Given by Lucifer himself.” He looks up Dean, still rubbing the Mark. “The Mark and the Blade work together. The Mark gives the Blade its power. Without the Mark, the Blade is useless. It’s just an old bone.”
“He’s your brother.”
Even after Sam went off to college a few states away, Bobby passed away and he seemed to constantly be repairing something in the place he inherited, Dean still hung onto the house. People in town talked, whispering and calling him all sorts of things. Some were brave enough to question him to his face, asking him why a good looking guy like him wouldn’t start looking for a nice lady to spend the rest of his life with. He gave them all the same excuse, some bullshit line about waiting for the right girl, or until it felt right. It’s not like he could explain that more often than not he spent his evenings with a faerie that never seemed to age.
“Technically what Benny did isn’t anything that isn’t done every day,” Sam says with a sigh as he leans back against the chair. Dean opens his mouth to comment on his brother siding with the whole fuckery of the system, but Sam just holds up a hand to him. “Just hear me out, okay?”
“Don’t fucking ‘
“We gotta go,” Sam says. “Do you need help into the room?”
He watches as Dean’s jaw tightens. No matter how anxious Castiel is after saying all that, he feels better. Still nervous waiting to see how Dean will reply, Castiel keeps his body language open and relaxed as possible, looking on at Dean, waiting for some hint in his body language of what he might be thinking. They both seemed on the same page back in the parking lot, though over the years of knowing Dean Cas knows how poorly and very quickly things can get when Dean is left alone with is own thoughts.
“Dean was arrested!” Castiel exclaims, stopping dead in his tracks causing a lady walking behind him to bump into him. He gives her an apologetic look as she walks around him trying to keep up with Charlie’s fast paced words. “Wait, slow down.” He starts walking again, now a bit faster, fishing his keys out of his pocket with his free hand. “Just start from the beginning. What is Dean being arrested for? What the hell happened?”
Dean complies quickly, leaning back against the headboard. His dick lays half hard against his thigh as the two girls slowly undress each other, taking their time as they share kisses and careful touches. Dean takes himself in his hand jerking himself slowly as he watches the blond eyeing him through hooded lids as the shorter haired one sucks on her nipple.
Sam snorts. “You going to fight a bunch of alphas and betas literally genetically altered into being stronger and more agile than you?
“Benny!” Dean yells, unable to hear his brother blame Castiel again. “Would you just stop assuming shit for five seconds?”
“I can’t leave,” Crowley whispers behind him. “Cain is doing something to me.”
The sound has Dean stumbling back away from Sammy, blinking like he’s coming out of some sort of fog. Was he really just going to fight his own brother? Sammy sneezes again and scrunches up his nose, looking back at Dean before walking back to his desk and grabbing a Kleenex.
“Yes,” Dean rasps out. “Yes he did.”
“I don’t –”
Dean just shakes his head and pulls the covers back trying to push himself to the edge of the bed to leave.
Castiel narrows his eyes down to him, jaw tightening with holding back words Dean’s sure he probably deserves. He drops his eyes down to his arms still resting overtop his knees and wishes he hadn’t listened to his brother about coming to his stupid college reunion.
By the end of the month the news reports started covering it a little more. Hundreds were dead; hospitals overrun with the sick. It had spread to other countries and their body count seemed even higher than where it started from. One rumor said that it all started because of a bat.
“Dean, please just –”
The mark on his arm throbs in agony, enough that Dean wishes the pain would just burn him alive. A voice in the back of his head is laughing almost mockingly at his wish. Dean can’t help letting out another yell, unsure if it’s from pain or anguish. Maybe both.
Little sparks of arousal would flicker up deep in his gut randomly throughout their college years. He chalked it up to being a late bloomer. The more he got to know Dean though, the more the frequent it flared up. He wasn’t blind, he knew how beautiful Dean was. Not just outside though, but his whole personality was bright and pure. To Cas, his looks were just a bonus. Occasionally he’d catch himself staring at his friend, or purposely doing things just to start up a conversation and spend a few extra minutes with him.
Even though he knows exactly what he needs, Dean refuses to give in. He tries to rationalize it with telling himself Cas is at work anyway, and the chances of them actually talking are slim. Stubbornly, he pushes his omega needs demanding touch and attention, and absolutely refuses to even check his phone that’s been quietly dinging in his pocket all day. Since he knows Castiel works twelve hours today and doesn’t get off until eight tonight, the texts coming through are probably Sam checking up on him.
A hoarse, gut wrenching scream cuts Crowley off. Everyone’s eyes look down at Dean, whose back is arched off the bed, veins budging in his neck and head as he grits his teeth together so loudly it makes Castiel wince. Castiel feels Crowley walk over and move beside him and then the weight of his hand on his shoulder and he annoyingly shakes it off.
Dean will never get over how bright and alive his brother’s face looks when he’s on one of his doctor spiels. Secretly, it’s probably one of his favorite things about Sam actually becoming a doctor. Every time he sees him really excited about something new he’s learned or discovered, Dean gets to see that face. It makes the difficulty of getting Sam through school worth every second.
Silence stretches between long enough that Castiel begins shifting awkwardly, almost realizing just now that he’s naked, hands trying to subtly covering himself.
“I had to ask, okay?” Dean says letting his shoulders relax. “I didn’t think you would do something like that, but I just hadda ask.”
“I’m going to speak to Cain.”
“So you’re tellin’ me you aren’t important?” Dean snaps. “After everything that’s happened to you – after what-what…” Dean runs a hand through his hair, letting out a growl in frustration.
Breathing a sigh of relief Dean asks, “Shouldn’t you be at work?” He twists around on the couch to see Sam still in his wrinkled scrubs, angrily kicking off his shoes, looking less composed and put together than he usually is.
A strand of Castiel’s hair is laying across his forehead, and Dean reaches out his fingers to brush it away, careful not to avoid the lump on his head. Cas was defiantly hit with something and hit with something hard. More than a few times it looks like. His anger begins to spike, but quickly douses as the wave of guilt comes back again and falls over him. None of this wouldn’t have happened if he would’ve stayed with him at the motel, or been less obvious at the diner. Either way, it’s on him.
Now Castiel knows he identifies as asexual. Demisexual, to be more precise, but he figured that much out after he worked out his feelings for Dean. He had no idea that was even a thing until one boring night when Dean was working an overnight at the police station, and Cas was alone in their shared apartment. He started searching the internet on different sexualities. It opened up a whole world he’d never realized existed.
Doing quick math Dean balks thinking maybe he got the numbers wrong. There is no way Benny has that kind of money! “Ten grand?! His bail was ten thousand fucking dollars!?”
Dean doesn’t respond, just heads to the kitchen for any kind of drink with alcohol content.
“So technically alpha’s can just take an omega and claim them. What you or I may consider ‘kidnapping’ in a situation like that, that isn’t technically the way.”
The alpha smells like rotten eggs and his foul breath against the side of his face makes Dean want to vomit. The man’s nasally voice sounds like nails on a chalk board as he calls him things like “my omega bitch”, “next time I want your pretty lips around my knot”. Blood stains the bricks in front of him as he thrashes trying to get the man off of him.
“Dean!” Sam snaps, smacking his arm.
Crowley shifts uncomfortably looking off to the side. If Castiel doesn’t know any better he would say that the King of Hell is squirming making him have to fight back a smile. “Not that I don’t mind reminiscing on better times, but what the hell does that have to do with anything?”
Cas. Right now he needs to smell their scent, and know that everything is going to be okay. Dean hates that his body is crying out for his alpha, but fighting his omega instincts and urges on top of fighting off these two idiots is almost impossible. He knows something has to give, and it isn’t going to him handing his body over willingly.
A gentle thumb rubs back and forth against the beginnings of a beard and Dean doesn’t bother to hold back the choked out sob. It feels like a part of Castiel reached inside him and tore it out, trying to cleanse the sadness from his body all with just a simple touch. Dean lets his eyes close, melting more into the feeling of Castiel actually (finally) touching him again. It feels like heaven, but something better. Something more. Something real. It’s not enough but too much all at the same time.
It isn’t until his breaths come out steady but shakily that he lifts his heavy head, squinting against the bright lights to try and look at his mate.
Pulling back just enough so Dean can see his face, Castiel tips Dean’s chin up and gives him a reassuring smile. “You have no idea how much your understanding means to me. You are a rare human, a compassionate lover but more than that, you are selfless.” A pink flush spreads over Dean’s cheeks, making his beautiful freckles stand out even more. It is quite possibly one of Castiel’s favorite things.
The man stops a few good feet away and shakes his head. “No trouble. I swear.”
Dean shrugs and shakes his head as he rubs the edge of the shirt with his fingers. The faint scent of his alpha coming off it is nice, but doesn’t feel like it’s enough all the same. “I…I got away once, kind of. Right before Cas came. I mean, I never stopped trying to get my body to listen to me, but, uh, it was like it was at war with itself, you know? Well, I guess you don’t know. But a part of me knew Benny wasn’t my alpha, but it almost wasn’t enough.” Dean swallows thickly as he remembers the moments right before Castiel showed up and wishing he was dead.
He hates how dark his thoughts seem to dip.
Rolling his eyes, Dean shakes his head. “This is so not even the same thing, You don’t —”
“And how many times are we planning on doing this? How much am I taking out? Because I have no idea what is too much or too little, man.”
Before Crowley can even open his mouth to respond, the door flies open. The demon that surprised him outside enters with more behind him. Dean lets out a growl and pulls out the demon blade from his waistband. Blood drips down from the cut on his forehead, dripping onto his eyelashes. Dean blinks, scattering the droplets of blood across his face. He narrows his eyes at the demons sauntering into the house, trying to figure out what he’s up against; six, by his count.
Dean shakes his head trying to clear his vision before starting out on the journey back to his room. “Sam listen,” he loses his balance trying to move around the coffee table and feels his body falling to the side. Dean overcorrects and ends up slamming into the hallway wall. “Oof! Damnit.”
“I dunno, Cas. This time seems like I might have bit off more than I can chew, wouldn’t you think?” He winks at Castiel trying to keep things light. There’s been enough shit in their lives to last a lifetime.
Ah, the million dollar question. Dean’s pretty sure the reason is locked up there in his head somewhere, just on the tip of his mind, but still just a bit out of reach. He thinks he remembers little snippets of Benny’s voice, but after rolling over the words in his head it doesn’t make any sense. Instead he shrugs his shoulders, sitting down on the edge of the bed without any finesse. “Does it matter?”
Blinking his eyes back into focus, Dean realizes he’s been rubbing and scratching at his hands so much that they’re turning pink and raw with irritation. Some spots even have his blood starting to surface to the area.
Glancing at his lifeless body trying to will him awake, Dean settles his eyes back at the girl. Even if they met in difference circumstances and death wasn’t a possible factor, Dean would be able to tell just by how she looks at his friend that this runs deeper than whatever surface level thing she’ll tell him.
Dean doesn’t think he’s ever been this fucking angry in his whole damn life. He’s practically seething, teeth bared, unable to form any type of words because his mind is just screaming and snarling incoherent words at this absolute asshole in front of him. He’s got the strongest yet weirdest urge to just walk over and sink his teeth into the guys neck, ripping it out.
. But all he feels it absolutely nothing except frustration. Not even the warmth from hearing Cas’ voice is there. It dawns on Dean that he doesn’t really feel anything. Not really. Unless Cas is around he just feels…
“Too close,” he murmurs to himself. “That was too close.”
It’s when they’re done eating, Dean insisting to pay for their meal since he was the one who wanted to meet, and are both walking out of the diner that it happens.
“So we need to get rid of the Mark.” Sam walks over to the bed where his duffle bag sits, and he digs through it a moment before taking out his laptop.
“Welcome back jerk,” he says.
Castiel tries to tug his hands free as Dean pushes down more weight. He watches as Dean’s face falls completely blank. Castiel lets out a mix between a scream and a grunt, yanking his right hand out from under Dean’s knee, just as his own blade comes speeding towards his chest. He grabs Dean’s hand wrapped tightly around the hilt, stopping the blade, just barely.
Castiel kisses across Dean’s cheek all the way down to his neck, nose scrunching against his long facial hair tickling his nose. He places warm, open mouthed kisses across Dean’s chest, sinking lower and lower until he’s reaches his naval. Dean’s fingers run through his hair, tugging slightly when Castiel sucks in just the right places. It’s enough pain pleasure that it keeps him right on the cusp of too much and not enough.
Warmth sparks in his chest. At first Dean starts to panic again, thinking maybe, somehow, illogically he’s burning from the inside out. The feeling never intensifies, though. Instead it spreads through his body. Little by little, the warmth starts to chase the pain away enough that Dean can feel his own body again. The white behind his eyelids fades quickly, leaving nothing but a quiet darkness.
Castiel let the Sam and Crowley’s voices fade into background noise as he reads through Sam’s notes on various ways to try and rid Dean of the Mark. Suffice to say, he hasn’t come up with anything other than trapping him and using regular ways that would vanquish a demon.
