The first night with Sam in the apartment was mayhem. They had nothing prepared, and Sam hadn’t been planning for the trip before he was kidnapped. But, he was safe and sound, and stayed out of their way while they were attempting to cook dinner.
“Does... any other building around here have a graffiti of two comic book characters on top of each other?” Dean asked.
“I’m sorry,” she said. And before he could ask her what she was sorry for, she disconnected the machines and took away the bed.
The living room became a mess of people pacing around, wailing, and sitting down on the couch with their heads in their hands. Michael took the kids to the next-door neighbors, and Raphael called the police.
“Dude,” said Dean, straightening in his seat, feeling himself getting into it. Playing the part. “If someone shows a weird interest in Tigger costumes, it’s a fetish. You’re out.”
“That you’re dangerous,” Cas answered, as if it were a normal thing to say to a seventeen-year-old. Maybe it wasn’t a normal thing to say in another town, to another boy. A town that didn’t spread rumors about kids being killers.
“Yeah,” Castiel said slowly. He felt a tug in his stomach, and somehow he knew he wasn’t going to regret this. “Okay. I’m in.”
He desperately wanted to let his hand slip, fall into Cas’, and he knew he could. No one would think anything of it. The opposite; they would expect it. But it wouldn’t be real.
Dean stood in the middle of the room and looked around. “Dude. It’s seven p.m. How come you haven’t decorated yet?”
“How does this look?” Meg asked, waving for Castiel to come over. He walked around the table and stood beside her, leaning in over her shoulder to examine her work.
Dean shot him a nasty look, but it wasn’t as rude – or as effortlessly playful – as it should have been. His heart just wasn’t in it.
“We had plans,” he said vaguely, trying to refocus. He’d spent the past twenty-four hours worrying about Dean, waiting for his call, rummaging through his things trying to find some kind of clue to where he was, to what he’d found that had made him disappear. “He was supposed to come to Wayward Sisters,” he told Bobby. “He would have called me if something came up. He would have...” He grasped for words, for facts over omens, for something more concrete than a hunch. “He would have left something more than a note.”
"Of course I'm the one who has to handle the poop," Dean muttered when they heard a knock on the door.
The next morning, Dean and him were sitting across from each other at the dining table, drinking coffee, when Dean pointed at an article on the paper he was reading and turned it for Castiel to read.
“Hey. Wake up, nerd. C’mon. What’s gotten into you?” His words came out too soft, the position somehow familiar. He was reliving a scene out of his dreams.
“You really shouldn’t,” said Dean. “He’s a great shot. He once threw a blade at his clone from across the room and hit him right in the back. Long story. Zero practice.” He was looking at Castiel, signaling him something with his eyes.
They sat a few people away from one another, and Jo spun the bottle. Dean felt her knee resting on his and looked over at Cas.
Most of Dean’s crew accepted Castiel, trusting that their captain knew what he was doing; but some were suspicious, eyeing Castiel whenever he was near them, and eyeing Dean just as suspiciously.
Dean’s heartbeat quickened. He looked off into the distance, watching the view and pretending to see it.
Dean turned the knob to his door with a great sigh of relief. His feet felt as though they were about to fall from his body, and his lips might as well have paid their rent for the month and left him forever. His hair was damp with drops of the drizzling rain outside, but he was finally, finally home. Taking an eight hour shift that started at nine p.m. and ended at five in the morning was the worst idea he’s ever had. Especially since he worked at a fair.
“You’re a Mr. Chuckles, like the last one, eh?” He said. Castiel didn’t think replying would do him much good.
Third try. Dean didn’t even manage to touch the chair before the girl in the other seat – Meg – gave him the death glare, and he turned around and moved on to the next column, settling in the only empty seat left in the room he hadn’t managed to get rejected from. He put a notepad and a pen on the table, and leaned back. Maybe he was trying to forget where he was; most people present in the room were.
From that moment, the clone wasn’t seen again. Castiel didn’t know whether to see that as a blessing or as a very big problem.
“I know you eat your stupid burgers every time they serve them at the cafeteria,” he said. “Maybe next time consider taking the stick out of your ass and trying something different for a change.”
“He’s just looking out for you,” he answered. “He might be unreasonable, but he has good intentions.”
Castiel stood up and shook off dust and blood that got caught in his shirt. For a moment, he considered lifting her up and dragging her out of the House of Mirrors to hide her somewhere. But then everyone would see... If he just left her here, she might look like spooky décor.
“Tell my family I love them!” He clutched the collar of Castiel’s shirt. “Cas, you’re like family to me.” He let out a cough and called: “The monsters are closing in! You must go without me!”
“I found the perfect match,” he whispered. Dean’s eyebrows furrowed. “For Cas,” Garth went on. “I think I actually found his soulmate.”
“I quit,” he said, and let Castiel push the back of his hand to the table.“Let’s go do something that’s actually useful.”
“We don’t have to,” he replied, and he was sure Dean could hear it in his voice now – the lying. He was trying to mean it; he really was. But this was almost half a year of their lives, half a year that they’d never get back, and he needed... for the least, he needed to know. What happened. Why. Something.
“She’ll get over being in a fake relationship with you,” said Castiel. He leaned on Dean’s kitchen counter and sipped from his coffee. “She only has to do it for a week.”
“We’re all about the women,” said Dean. There was something so casual about the way he said things like this. His tone wasn’t any different than when he was being serious.
Dean’s mind didn’t even bother registering whether there was anyone in the house as the door swung open and then closed behind him. He went straight into his room and shut the door behind him, leaning against it. Closing his eyes. Breathing in the scent of dust and slightly used clothes. Listening for any sound that’ll take him off the spiral. Make the snowball slow down. He could use a mask right now, to take his sight and calm his mind and let his other senses take over.
They sank back into silence. Castiel tried to focus on solving his exercises. Someone clicked the cap of their pen on and off at the back of the class. April popped her gum. Dean shifted in his chair. He was solving the exercises, too. Which meant he mostly squinted and stared at the questions. Either he was very committed to his job, or he wasn’t so good at it.
“Give me that,” he muttered and reached for his phone. Meg leaned away from his reach, typing hurriedly.
He went back to his side of the table, beside Dean, and they kept working: Dean’s arms looked like noodles, Meg’s head vaguely resembled a human being if you disregarded the empty eyeholes, and Castiel’s torso remained the same flawless mac-and-cheese-ful creation it was. Overall: a masterpiece. When they connected it all together, it was starting to look human. It wasn’t seventeen feet tall, but it was pretty dignified for a blob.
Dean’s room at eight p.m. in the middle of January was warm and dim and quiet, and he really didn’t want to start a fight. But the dance was next week, and he didn’t know what else to do at this point. He didn’t know what could possibly be done. He’d spent every free minute he had spying on Mr. Man, researching aliens or trying to make up something better than the flimsy idea he called a plan, and he was nowhere closer to a solution than he’d been the day he saw Mr. Man and the librarian in the science lab.
It wasn’t the last time they saw Mr. Man. Not even second-last. He kept coming to classes as if nothing had happened – because nothing had, Dean insisted. He was right; finals were approaching in an alarming speed, and with them the end to the benefit of seeing Dean every day. Glowing briefcases were the least of his worries right now.
It sort of was. In an adorable kind of way. Castiel wished he could focus on that, only Dean’s hand was still resting on his shoulder, and, well, it’s practically common knowledge that your best friend who you’ve known for four months and is honestly better looking than any best friend you’ve had before touching your shoulder is a very distracting thing, no matter who you are. So distracting, that Castiel’s fingers were stiff when he gave Dean his phone back.
“Alright, I’ll ask him. But on one condition," he said. "If he says no, I’ll be too heartbroken. Crushed. I’ll be completely crushed. And the last thing I’ll want to do is go to a party.”
“Fifty two,” Dean answered begrudgingly, and Castiel almost snorted at how reasonable his exaggerated guess turned out to be.
“No, don’t... C’mere. Over here. Right, now you can see all of us. Happy birthday, Claire. Look at how cute you used to look. You probably don’t even like saying ‘poo’ now, but you did it all the time when you were a baby. What? Cas, why are you looking at us like that?”
“So far for not telling people,” he sighed. “If you three ever unfreeze, there’s a huge volcano we ought to spend as least time below as possible.” He looked over at Dean. “And since you’d asked me to specify on what we’ll need this time – bring a piece of paper, and a compass.”
The following afternoon, Castiel stepped into his aunt’s office. His mind was filled with colors, his eyelids singed with variations of lavish dresses every time he closed his eyes.
Then he checked his messages. There was one, from Dean, from when he was showing the six o’clock kids around. It said:
“Are you waiting for anyone?” He asked, a little concerned now. Though he didn’t know whether it was for the child or for himself. The child shook her head, and he looked away.
On October 31, Cas wore a Grinch costume and jump scared him. On November 10, Dean stole Cas’ rock collection and buried it in the campus park, replacing on Cas’ shelf a treasure map leading to it. It took Dean four hours to carry out his misdeed, and Cas twice that time to get a hold of his rocks again.
“Little girls?” Castiel's eyes ran along invisible lines in the air. He was digging into his memory, digging and digging. “Blond girls?”
“There is… One more thing,” spoke someone from the back of the room. “The Flood… as a force of nature sent by the Gods above, tends to spare the ones who submit to it. A certain sacrifice, a generous offering – say, a son – can do wonders to the odds of the kingdom’s survival.”
“What’s a space to raise a child in?” Castiel asked defensively. He liked their place. No – he really loved it. To him it meant first kisses and sobriety and safety and a bed that was shitty but it was always warm.
“Second year of college, huh?” Said Meg, and he knew she was trying to change the subject, because the next semester wasn’t starting for another three months.
Dean didn’t cry when they left the cinema. But he was damn close to it. His eyes shimmered as they stepped back into the cold outside. He took one look at Castiel’s blank expression, and turned to look the other way.
“Yeah. Come on.” Hannah pulled him from the desk to sit on the floor beside her. “And stop checking your phone every five seconds.”
“I’d rather you didn’t,” said Castiel. He broke off their hug, and looked into Dean’s eyes. Then he kissed him.
“Oh my God, you’re such a baby.” He tore a strip off his shirt and pinned Dean's shoulder to the ground. "This'll only hurt for a moment," he said.
Cas tilted his head slightly. Dean swallowed a lump in his throat; walking away while Cas expected him to come over or coming while Cas was expecting him to walk away – there was no less-embarrassing option here if he got one of those wrong.
"Come on." she pulled his arm. "He's fine. He probably just fell asleep in his car. Ever since you searched the address for him he's been completely obsessed with it. I think he just sits in front of it and waits for something to happen."
Castiel cleared his throat. “He wanted me to tie him up because he’s too intimidating for any demon to get close to him like this. I doubted that.”
And now, for the first time this morning, Cas looked at him – really looked. “What about us?” He asked, and his voice sounded just as carefully neutral as Dean’s. And it almost felt like they both knew they were thinking about the same thing.
What if he couldn’t? Then it’s better if he puts himself at the mercy of a fussy pirate now, than a furious one later.
When Charlie arrived, she found him sitting by a table with a crumpled piece of paper in his hand. The lights were still off, as if he were trying to avoid someone seeing him inside.
The man currently holding a sword to his breathing canals was everything but a bourgeois with a wedged bottom. He was wearing airy clothes, smeared and stained, and through the slit of his parted lips were visible more than a few golden teeth. One of his eyes was covered with an eyepatch, the other green like spring Virginian hills and burning with spunk.
A few moments later, Castiel’s test plopped down on his table, face down. He touched it, carefully dragged it closer, paused. Then he turned it over.
Dean swayed uncomfortably in his chair. The class was abandoned – they hadn’t even bothered to turn on the light, and the heavy clouds outside made the room dim just the right amount to make it feel like high school in the week before Christmas break - the good kind of high school, the kind where you could lie down on a table in an unused classroom and talk to your friend about dumb choices regarding your ex.
But they were, and Castiel pulled himself together and stood up with them, because he mustn’t do anything out of the ordinary if he wanted to keep the freedom of his mind.
“Writing is not an easy job." Her voice echoed. "Whether it’s a story, a letter, an article, a school assignment. Whether you’re telling a tale or reporting an event or laying down your heart on the page for everyone to see.” Charlie sighed beside him, and he glanced at her. She was listening intently, her back straight, as if anticipating something. Personally, Dean was anticipating a murderous unicorn-dragon hybrid to fall from the ceiling and rid him from this speech. “Some students are naturally good at it, some don’t try hard enough to earn the skill. But this year we witnessed something truly special.” Naomi’s eyes skidded across the crowd, searching for someone. “This year came along a student who had the talent all along, had the dedication, put in the work, but forced himself to swim against the flow instead of with it, produce the most spiteful and angry works he could. Until he didn’t.”
It was nearing noon when he noticed something was happening. He hadn’t realized it right away – Charlie had approached Dean and spoken to him in quiet and fast words, which wasn’t unusual. She had given him a piece of paper, her eyebrows pulling together in concentration as she explained. He’d examined it for a long moment, and then looked at Castiel.
He wished it were night, because everything looked a little more magical at night, and because then he would have an excuse to start snoring and have his father leave him alone.
“Start-of-spring break,” Sam replied finally, desperately, as though he knew how flimsy his answer was.
She looked at them reluctantly. “Everything I told you guys was real,” she said. “Except I’m not a therapist. I’m a cop. I came in here because there’s such a high rate of monsters in the town. Have you noticed?”
“Ha. You’re getting rusty,” Sam teased. Dean slumped into a chair. His hands were still quivering, if almost unnoticeably now.
Dean’s face lit up. “No take backs,” he said. “I’m kidding. Yes take backs. You can think about it. But I’ll start searching for places online, just in case.”
“Yeah,” he mumbled. As Dean fell asleep, he felt Cas’ fingers reach out and rest on his shoulder, just under his neck.
“Alright, everyone’s here. On the bus, people!” Yelled Mr. Zachariah, the pain in the ass. Dean caught Castiel’s eyes from afar and smiled at his murderous expression.
“Sit down.” The man gestured at a padded chair and leaned back in his own. “You know, I had some doubts about you when we accepted you into school this year. An unruly kid with a bad GPA and a very recent run with the law. But your mother promised me you’ll be on your best behavior. And just when I started trusting her word…” He picked up a page from his desk and read from it. “You write your teacher a poem telling her to go to hell–”
“What are you doing here?” Castiel demanded. “And how do you know there’s a dead person on our top floor?”
Then he let out a sigh, and went back inside. His fingers were stiff with the cold, but he barely felt them. He felt numb and overwhelmed and already guilty for leaving Dean this way, without saying anything nice. Without letting him know. It was like the more intensely he felt something, the less he was able to let it show. And he always felt the most intensely about Dean.
“I’m going to have to end our session now,” said Donna. “But you seem pretty solid, you guys. You don’t seem to need my help to resolve your issues.”
The kitchen sure smelled like Christmas. Pans and pots were everywhere, from the counter to the table to the floor.
They both needed to buy new cards for the train – Dean hadn’t been downtown yet, and Castiel’s old one was from 2017.
“Excuse me.” The old lady put her hand on the counter. “I've been standing here for a minute and fifteen seconds with no one even offering to help–”
They set their trays on the table, and Meg rested her black leather bag on a chair. Was everything she owned black and leathery?
“Just in every other sense,” he replied, and Dean’s smile grew genuine. Yes, he would spend the rest of his words trying to make that man laugh if he could. But Dean was right. They were both lying to themselves, and to each other, and truth would catch up eventually.
The bus started moving and Castiel sank into his seat, looking out the window. A hand touched his shoulder.
“Yeah, well, write a strongly worded letter to management. Smear some ranch on it and tell them it’s bird crap.”
His hands still on Dean’s face, he felt Dean’s fingers wrapped loosely around his forearms – as if Dean wanted to answer the despair in his eyes, wanted to remember; it didn’t change the vacancy in his expression.
“The creepy totem,” Dean gestured with his sword at the totem, almost decapitating Metatron who stood beside him, “how did you climb up by yourself? It took us almost ten grown men to get to the top.”
He grabbed his coat and Dean’s keys and walked down the stairs. Put the key into the car door. Turned. Opened. Sat.
He was taking a break. Dean was studying. Their last exam was the next afternoon, which meant they had tomorrow morning off.
“Can you believe this?” He heard Dean’s voice, muted by the wind. “We’re flying! Cas, we’re flying, and I’m not dead!” He tried to turn and look at Castiel then. His body tilted sideways, losing balance.
The figure attacked, throwing him away like a rag doll, but only after he’d managed to throw the board in Dean’s direction. Dean dropped the metal rod to catch the chunk of flaming wood flying his way, and he caught it, and threw it at the figure, which dematerialized and reappeared much closer to him.
“Thank you all for coming,” he said into the microphone. Castiel looked around him. The students didn’t look hypnotized – but what did he know about hypnosis? People talked, and laughed, and held hands. Dean leaned on his shoulder. But then Mr. Man said, “Quiet, please,” and silence fell in the room.
Meg took his phone again. “I stole your boyfriend, and you’re going to die alone,” she said into it.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean said, without really meaning it. It wasn’t as simple as that, but he couldn’t bring himself to contradict her. He didn’t have it in him to dismiss one of the only nice things she’s ever said to him.
Dean looked at him. “When we had that fight, I said the longer we’re together the harder it gets. I don’t... know why I said that.”
Dean snorted. “No, Iron Man isn’t real. Not in this universe, anyway. No, Cas. Regular unnatural stuff. Stuff that’s not natural. Like ghosts. And demons. And vampires and Satan.”
He didn’t like the next part. He didn’t like lying, not to Dean, and this wasn’t lying, but it was downplaying.
There was no point in hoping for the best. His brothers in arms might have deemed him a traitor, but no amount of torture would make him give up information that will put them in harm’s way. Not in the hands of a one-eyed pirate who calls himself the Sword. A pirate who seemed very much apt for slicing a man’s face.
Slowly, reluctantly, almost resentfully, Dean stood up. He took step after step until he was on the edge of the stage, facing his teacher. She shoved a paper into his hand.
“Well, I don’t want to burst your bubble, but school assignments aren’t optional. I need this for your grade.”
Dean sighed, somewhat dramatically, and turned to the Dr. “We know each other through a mutual friend,” he said in the calm voice of someone who had just spent four minutes multitasking between coming up with bulletproof bullshit and arguing with a therapist and a Cas. “She would be very disappointed if we didn’t give it a proper chance. It’s just, we seem to have a tolerance problem with each other in that, um...”
“About a year and a half ago,” said Castiel. Dean had said, and he’d agreed, that the more truth there was to a lie, the more reliable it was.
“It sounds scary,” Castiel said warily. High-key cases stressed Dean, and they stressed him, but this felt like a bit of an overreaction. At the end of the day, they always came out on top.
For some reason, being inside this house took Dean back to his and Cas' old apartment, even though the places looked nothing alike. This woman still felt a little bit like a figment from the past.
“Cas. D’you hear me? The drawer won’t open. Damn this childproof nonsense. My mom gave me a lighter for my fourth birthday and I turned out just fine.”
“She’s not my cousin. Bobby and Ellen are family friends – I’ve known her since I was little. We’re pals.”
Honestly? He didn’t think he’d be able to stop himself. He watched Dean turn around and walk down the path leading back to the street. Then he went inside and swiped his phone open to write a new text message.
"Daughter," said Dean. "I don't know. Let me ask..." His voice faded, and he felt a sudden throb in his chest. He wanted to shout at Cas.
“It’s okay,” Dean patted his shoulder. “You can stay. I don’t want to spend the night with a guy who’d rather be with someone else.”
The next day, classes couldn’t go by any slower. The bus drive could not go by any slower. Finally, he got off the bus and walked up the stairs home.
He drove away in Chuck’s car, never wanting to look back. This was what he did when things got messy – push everyone away, the further the better.
And the thought that he was going crazy, rather than an actual alien invasion happening, was overwhelmingly relieving. And then he heard a voice behind him say,
“Go away,” he said to Meg, and put the book back in Dean’s hands. “Are you sure you don’t want to go?” He asked when Meg was gone.
“Man,” said Dean, looking around. “You spend all this time with the guy, and it’s like you barely even know the man.” He picked up a trophy from one of the shelves, wiping dust off it. Castiel felt the tingle of the dusty air filling his nose.
But at least he would die in honor. Pinned to the floor of a pirate ship by another man, in the pool of his own blood and sweat, with about twenty people watching him. Honor.
He slipped out through the window with as much grace and dignity as possible for a grown teenage boy in a one-by-one-foot space. Outside the sun was sinking through the sky, leaving an excess of sweetly colored clouds behind. Dean climbed up onto the empty roof and sat down on the edge, his feet dangling. It was a three or four stories fall if his asscheek slipped. Not ideal, but worth the quiet. The air felt plenty fresh, too, after the crammy apartment.
Dean groaned. “It’s like you’re trying to annoy me to death.” Sitting on Castiel's bed, he grabbed a pillow and leaned his elbows on it.
“Yeah,” Dean said, scratching his head with his plastic bag. He caught himself mid-motion and dropped his arm. God, he was making an awful first impression.
“Of course you haven’t,” he heard Dean say. From the corner of his eye he saw Robert Man hurry through the crowded hallway – tie, moustache and briefcase in place – his eyes moving frantically behind his glasses, almost shoving kids on his way to the science lab.
“I’m not,” Dean said pointedly. “I was just... being too noisy for him. And then instead of apologizing, I blamed him.”
“I was just putting some books away,” he said to Henry. He looked over his shoulder; where did they guy come from?
But if he wanted it to stop tormenting him, to stop consuming his days and his nights, then he recognized that he should do it at some point.
Dean opened the book and skimmed through it. Meg pushed her chair closer to the bed and tapped on his shoulder.
Dean picked up the page. He held it close to the lamp that dangled from the ceiling. Slowly, his expression changed.
“You never told me how you got this.” He shook the paper in his hand. His eyes held no accusation, only absent minded curiosity.
Cas sighed weakly. All his breaths came out shallow. "There was a fight. Between the Devil and... His kid, I guess."
Chuck glanced in his direction before speaking. “No occasion,” he said. “I just thought it would be nice to...” And his words faltered, because this was so clearly way too uncomfortable to be any kind of nice. “All have dinner together.”
The monster pushed the ship away, until it started floating in the direction it came from. Dean wondered what its crew mates would think when they woke up with a headache, and with Dean nowhere to be seen. And then he wondered what it must have looked like from the side: Dean fighting for his life, losing the fight, and being saved by a giant black stuffed animal right before he was about to be captured. The monster took another look at him and at the seaweed hanging from his head, and left.
She detached from the girl and looked up at him, pouting at the interference. She said something inaudible to her fairy and stood up.
“Oh, thank the Gods,” muttered Dean, and sent a lethal blow at the captain’s chest – only he missed, and the captain forced the blade out of his hand. He raised his hand, and Dean prepared his nose for a close encounter with a punch. Only at that moment, a great movement rattled the ship, and its entire crew flew to the other side of the deck. Out of the ocean erupted what had disturbed the ship: the sea monster.
It was his building. But instead of the second floor, the text said ‘sixth floor’. Dean walked in and started climbing.
“Impressive,” he said. His staring made Dean uncomfortable. “You’re incredibly productive at doing things that serve the opposite of the result you desire.”
“Sick of...?” He said thickly. “No. Holy Jesus. We’re engaged. I just wanted to give you some time. I didn’t want to push.”
“Yes, it is,” Castiel muttered. Dean lifted a hand to push his arm away, but when Castiel didn’t back down, he left it there.
"Yeah," said Cas. He was already dressed in khaki shorts and a Hawaiian shirt that Claire and Jack had gotten from some shop across the street. "I just need a moment with Jack."
“How are you feeling here, honey?” Mary asked after dinner. Cas was helping her in the kitchen, after she’d shooed everyone else into the living room. They knew to go without arguing; it was her tradition – or initiation ceremony, depends on who you asked – getting the new addition to the family alone after dinner and interrogating them until death or submission.
Castiel huffed through his nose. Claire was about as stubborn as Dean and him combined. They must be the most stubborn family in history.
Something went on outside. He heard Dean say, “Can you hold her?” And Gabriel say, “What’s his deal?” And then Dean say, “We’ve had a lot to deal with lately. His dad just died” – followed by a beat of silence, and then – “I mean, your dad. Just give me a minute.”
In both Dean’s and his case, the PI business was a cover for hunting. They paid their bills taking actual PI cases from regular people.
He didn’t turn around. He felt out the table in the dark, and when his fingers found Dean’s laptop, he opened it hastily.
“I was too in love with someone else,” he choked out to his hands. Cas didn’t say anything. Dean couldn’t tell what he was thinking.
“I lost my fangs,” Dean said, touching his tongue to his teeth. The whole world was quiet except for the sound of their feet on the asphalt.
Dean took Claire to the edge of the water and showed her the waves while she said “Wah” over and over again. Castiel watched them with his hands in his pockets from the side of the road. He forgot the people around him and the ceremony that was about to begin. The sound of cars passing behind him faded. The sea was a whitish green that tickled Claire’s toes. Dean’s face was deeply focused as he was explaining something to her.
This sent Dean into his old routine. His jaw tightened, eyebrows pulling together. “My parents were hunters.”
“Were your folks upset to have you gone this time of year?” This was her making-sure-the-parents-weren’t-neglecting-or-psychotic move.
“A bunch of 'em,” he said. “Why? Did I say something weird?” He tugged on Castiel’s sleeve. “Cas, what did I say?”
What is this?” He looked up and found Dean’s jaw slack, his one hand reaching halfway in a futile attempt to stop him. And beside him, a teary eyed Sam and Jo, grabbing their stomachs with laughter.
Cas and Sam never stopped trying to find a way to get him out of prison – even when his parents gave up; even when all the legal options ran out. Even when Dean’s family updated Cas on the full, monstrous details of exactly what had happened that night with the Kitsune. But the more they searched, the less they found. Dean dreaded his brother and Cas doing something that would get them in trouble, that would get them hurt.
Castiel sighed. “If it’s that important to you, let’s just start searching places and see what we find.”
Castiel shifted to look at him. Dean never told him that. Bobby picked up a bottle of whiskey and spilled some on the ground.
He realized now how completely irrational he’d sounded – take a walk, past midnight, in the freezing part of winter. In his pajamas. He didn’t care; he’d rather feel the shocking cold seep through his pants and into his bones than spend another moment alone with Cas, pretending he didn’t want anything from Cas, pretending that the way he was thinking about Cas was fair towards any of them. Did his brain ever consider how it’d make Cas feel to know Dean was thinking about him that way? No
So it was either steal the cupcake, or lean back in his chair and scan the room for Dean. And the second option never got old.
“That, and hot Cheetos,” Cas said. Dean shot him a mean look, but when their eyes met, something was happening to Cas’ face that caught him by surprise. Something relaxed and off-guard that Dean didn’t recognize.
Dean pursed his lips. He crossed his arms over his chest and stared into the empty room. He pursed some more. Then he said,
Castiel ignored the mocking in his tone. “It’s my brother’s. It was a biology experiment. Give me, I’ll leave it in his room.” He took the box and put it in the pile that was for putting things away. “Meanwhile, you can help.”
Barely; but he could. He could imagine Cas losing his cool. Being as dangerous as people made him out to be – to the people who were dangerous to him.
“Don’t lose it,” she said. “It should be good for any food place on the street. Just show it to them and they’ll give you a fifteen percent discount.”
This house had meant so much to him for so long. He didn’t quite know how to say goodbye, except to walk away.
“Luci’s dried brain?” Dean picked up a black box between his index finger and his thumb, holding it as far from his body as possible. “But I already have one! What are we going to do with two of those?”
“If we’re lucky, we’ll find a match for the license plate on a security camera somewhere,” Bobby said. “I called Ellen and Jo. They’re already on it.”
“No,” Dean said, perhaps too forcefully. He wished now that he’d made more of an effort; he didn’t realize Cas was alert enough to notice that he’d dropped his guard. The guy was sharp as a blade, even when he was half asleep. “Why would there be?”
Ms. Mills meant business. She had just started reading the class about Jewish holidays when someone knocked on the door and opened it.
“I think he just wants to be listened to,” she went on. “When was the last time someone listened to you, Dean? Really listened? Who hurt you?”
And so he found himself walking between Dean – gaping at everything in amazement – and Meg – looking around like she was searching for somewhere to sick a knife.
Sam’s head appeared from the backseat. “Don’t agree to that,” he said. “You could bond with half the planet.”
Castiel examined the men surrounding him, their steady arms aimed forward, their sturdy build. A wave crashed into the ship, making it tip slightly to the left. In the slightest of motions, a foot slid a couple of inches down the deck, compelling its owner to lose balance.
was the last thing Dean had told him. He searched his brain, tried to remember the last words Dean really said to him, the last time he’d heard his voice. A Thursday night – on the phone in his dorms. He didn’t remember anymore what they’d been talking about. Something to do with sandwiches.
“The ‘I don’t really believe any of this not-natural crap you’re saying but I’ll just pretend I do to be a good partner'.”
And then he empties it again and refills it with the healthy shit. He needs to move on. And the food doesn’t actually comfort him; it just makes him gassy.
Out the door and down the corridor he fled, trying to keep his cool in front of passing college students as if he didn’t just embarrass himself in front of a guy he would have to survive three years across the hall from.
“Where’s Charlie?” He asked and opened the doors all the way through. He usually took the weekend shifts with Charlie and Meg, and it was always a pain when Charlie was late or missed a shift so that Meg and him were left alone at the store for hours and he had to pretend he wasn’t afraid of her.
He tried to figure out what to say next. Cas’ eyes sparkled in the moonlight. If he only moved his right knee an inch, it would touch the knee beside it.
“Uh... They gave me four free jars of tomato sauce at the supermarket this week, so I guess we’re having spaghetti for the next... forever weekends.” He looked at Castiel.
“I think that’ll do, Mr. Tongue,” he breathed, pulling away. People were making their way into the dining room. He exchanged nods with Ellen, feeling his face redden a bit. “Who taught you to kiss? Yikes.”
"So far for keeping things private." It was only a mutter under the breath, but Dean still heard it. And all at once, his temper flipped.
“Oh,” said Dean, and his face fell, just a little. It was somewhat of a sore spot between them. The recent future was a topic they chronically avoided; in almost every scenario, Castiel would be spending the next three years at least an hour away from his hometown, and he wasn’t going to ask Dean to come with him. No, it was too much, too soon.
Claire made herself in charge of the directions. She did a pretty good job. She also made herself in charge of emotional support. Not so good with that.
Only, until Dean came along, he never accounted for having to leave someone behind that he didn’t want to leave. Leaving his father – that he had expected. And he knew it wouldn’t be easy, but he was ready.
The man started talking, and the voices in the room faded. “Welcome. We’re here today to talk about Jesus...”
Dean threw his hands in the air, pretending he wasn’t touched, like he didn’t take Cas’ words and treasure them, didn’t feel something for Cas not wanting to give up this time with him.
"Dibs on the shower," Claire called when they entered home. "Now that I'm sharing it with someone." she didn't look at Jack accusingly, but she might as well have.
He glanced at his brother in the dark. “I’m not answering that.” He gripped his blanket. “This is starting to sound like a musical. Good night.” And he pulled the blanket over his head.
He did the geometry part wrong. Positively, he did it wrong. That’ll take at least fifteen points off his grade. Hell.
Dean waved his hand in dismissal. “Do you really care, or are you just making sure you’ve still got me on a leash?”
“I’ll figure something out,” he said in reply. He hadn’t thought it all the way through, and now he wasn’t sure he should have said it, or what his father might make of it.
They sat down at the dining table with Dean’s laptop and browsed for couches. Castiel’s eyes wandered off every few moments. The first floor alone was bigger than their old apartment, and now it was dark and dimly lit by a couple of yellow light bulbs.
“Not really,” Castiel said slowly, watching him. “Your parents never…” The question died on his tongue when he saw the way Dean’s face molded into a blank expression, like pulling up the canal bridge around a castle. He checked his watch.
The perfectly expressionless line of Cas' mouth didn't move, but his eyes took on a focused interest when they landed on Dean's face, as though Dean's "Hey" was the only thing in the room worth his attention.
It was dark when he woke up. Dean was asleep, holding his arm like a teddy bear. His laptop was wedged in between them. Castiel rose up on one elbow and looked at the clock on Dean’s nightstand.
Castiel’s mind was faraway from the treasure already. He watched Dean leaning over the table, deep in thoughts, with no trace of the arrogance that showed when he spoke.
“Eek,” he let out as the dishes wobbled between them, and caught them with a steady hand. Then he saw Dean’s expression, and the ends of his lips fell. “How much did you hear?” His voice was deep and low, inaudible to anyone but them. Dean swore, if he met this guy in a dark alley, all Cas had to do was look at him this way with murder in his eyes and Dean would throw money at him and run.
"Not really," Cas said, looking back at the screen. "Had a margarita for the first time. Then had three more. Then, probably a series of embarrassing things I don't even remember. Got it on with Spiderman on the kitchen table." He let out a huff, as if he was thinking,
It wasn’t just his tone – Castiel had been waiting for this moment. He felt a chill wash the sun from his skin.
Something in the air shifted. Castiel leaned forward, looking at Dean with an intensity he couldn’t help, afraid to say a single word that would make Dean take his words back.
Losing his balance, Dean stumbled right into Castiel’s arms and they plummeted into the ground. Somewhere along the way down, Dean lost hold of the fish and it swooped through the air, landing in Castiel’s reaching hand. The culprit himself, as if the handsome and mysterious stranger’s first impression of him couldn’t get any worse, landed right on Castiel’s chest, their faces smashed together.
He looked around the shop. It was quiet this early in the morning, allowing him to focus on his homework for a few moments.
“It’s him,” grunted Sam, throwing a pleading look at Dean as he ducked under Castiel’s clone’s fist.
“It’s a man’s shirt,” Sam pointed at the shirt, as if his words could be mistakenly associated with another shirt. Dean felt the blood drain from his face. “Jesus, Dean, is this the revenge thing again? I told you, stealing Crowley’s things isn’t gonna make him stop turning your hostages into hamsters-“
“Well, I guess…” He took a breath, and hoped to God this would work. “You’ll just have to go without me.”
“He’s really not that bad,” he answered. Now they were in his room, and Dean looked around like everything was magic. And it wasn’t even the size of it: he was looking at the pictures of Castiel and his family on the walls. He was smiling at the puppy print bedding Castiel had since he was a little kid. He was looking out the window and commenting on how well you could see the blue sky and the Halloween decorations of the houses across the street and the old naked man taking a shower in the neighboring house. He looked at the couch and said:
“Looking for something?” she asked dryly. He must’ve looked lost. He wasn’t sure what one did in a bookstore.
“…Shirt,” he finished faintly, his eyes skipping across the faces in the room and finally landing on his shirt. Sam and Jo stared at it, their eyes almost jumping out of their sockets.
"We aren't supposed to talk about it," Dean warned. Then he pushed himself up from the desk. "Come on. Let's make some dinner."
The captain pretended to ignore him, or maybe didn’t hear his mutters altogether. He flashed another smile at the girl, brighter than before, and turned away to grab a piece of rope that lay on a barrel nearby.
“So you don’t have a problem,” he managed to mutter with somewhat of an effort. “With the…” He cleared his throat. “The gay thing?”
He closed the bathroom door behind him and shut his eyes. He couldn’t get the picture out of his head: his sister in law lying in the middle of the hallway, her throat slit, and blood circling the floor around her head like a hellish halo… And then the same person again, laughing with Michael about something in the kitchen.
“No,” he answered. A tiny ball of guilt settled in his stomach when he looked at the books. “I’m... giving them away.”
When Valentine’s day came, he found himself waiting by Cas’ locker before school. He wasn’t sure what he was doing there. They didn’t just wait for each other out in the hall where everyone could see. So he wasn’t sure what he was doing there, looking nervously toward the end of the hall, waiting.
“Funny,” Dean said, pulling a notebook out of his bag. He had to pay extra attention this year if he wanted to keep his job at school. And honestly, Dean’s ability to learn twice as fast as anyone else and somehow keep up with a classful of questions directed toward him as soon as teachers got too lazy to answer them themselves was dumbfounding. Especially when he kept downplaying himself as stupid.
“I can’t focus on my schoolwork when you keep pointing at birds on the tree outside and giving me a detailed description of the kinds of worms they brought for their baby to eat in the nest.”
Around them, people drained from the room like gushing water. In a moment of weakness, trying to ignore the pain that was shooting through his body – shoulder to toes – Dean's head tipped forward and his forehead came to rest on Cas’ shoulder.
“We had just found Michael’s wife dead upstairs. Then we came down into the living room, and we saw her alive and well, talking to him. I know what I saw,” he added, although that just made him sound less sure of it.
“Crime baby,” he said, calm and quiet enough for only the people around them to hear. Someone snorted. Everyone else just watched.
He wasn’t sure whether he wanted to go back and stop himself from ever calling Cas dangerous to his face, or whether he wanted to go back and tell him everything he knew.
“Yes,” he said. Bobby had said – and he’d agreed – telling anyone Dean was missing might lead to consequences they very much wanted to avoid. People passing on information. Police asking questions. “Yes. I’m just... I’ve got a lot on my mind. Sorry.”
Mary insisted that they had another Christmas Movie Night on December thirty-first. Cas and Dean were going back to college the next day – winter break wasn’t over, but Dean thought it better for everyone if they got back early, with the excuse of having to study. Cas didn’t argue.
“Next time, we’re getting thirty,” he said to the empty seat on his other side. Dean shook his head.
He tapped his fingers on the counter, suddenly desperate for a customer to come around, but it was seriously just the two of them. The feeling was starting to sink in: he was sitting on a high metal chair, staring at price tags dangling from shirts, hopelessly seeking affection from someone who would rather be somewhere else.
Castiel put his phone down and stared at the bed. He touched his ring absentmindedly. The whole conversation felt surreal.
But he didn’t. He walked to his chair, rigidly, obediently, and sat down, fists clenched. Charlie put a comforting hand on his forearm, but he was so angry he barely felt it. He felt like everyone in the room was watching him, though no one was actually looking his way. The visual arts teacher came on and named her own honor roll student, and then the principal said a few last words before dismissing the students. As soon as the first person was on their feet, Dean rose and scanned the audience for Cas.
“Never calling my brother again...” he muttered, and looked up. “What’s this?” Dean wasn’t holding coffee. He was holding a baby. A human baby.
Slowly, with his right hand still on Dean’s face, he leaned in and stopped inches from Dean’s face. He grabbed a blood stained rag Dean had left on the bench beside him, pulling away. Dean’s breath came in a short, quiet puff, as if he’d been holding it.
“Alright! We’ll finish it off.” A light click – a snap of fingers. “You. Open your eyes at once! Sammy, help me tie him up. As for everyone else, you’re off the hook. Literally. Save me the biggest steak.”
“Say no more,” Castiel interrupted. He reached for his shoes and clothes in a quick motion and disappeared into Dean’s washroom. Behind him, he could hear the front door to Dean’s room creak.
From the corner of his eye he could see Jo putting her head in her hands. Kevin shook his head disapprovingly.
"Maybe he thought he was asking that," she said. "While he was actually trying to tell you that some things might not be what they seem, and he was asking for your compassion in seeing that."
Dean looked around inconspicuously and found his target, a couple of students from their class talking over their cups.
“Kind of is,” Dean smiled. “Look, all I’m saying is, we could die tomorrow,” he said. “Or we could live for sixty years.”
“I’ve heard the way they talk about you,” he mumbled. Both boys’ eyes fell to the table, a silent awkwardness sinking in between them.
His first instinct was to hit the pile of blanket and human and shuffle backwards with his arms raised protectively in front of him, but as he examined it, he discovered an arm dangling from the bed and ending in a curled up palm that rested against the floor.
Dean swam towards him, trying to kiss him, but Cas pushed him away. He dove, and came back with some seaweed, uprooted so roughly that seawater-soaked dirt still clung to its roots.
“Some party,” Cas answered anyway after a moment. “Look,” he said, scratching his head, and Dean thought that if Charlie were here she’d most likely be spelling the word
three times and you said it was boring,” said Dean. “Who the hell calls a horror movie boring? You’re too busy being scared for your life to be bored.” He backed out of his spot and got on the road.
“Merry Christmas, kid,” said a woman at the threshold. “We brought beer.” She raised a six pack to show him and went towards the kitchen, greeting everyone in the living room on her way. At the door, a blond girl who must have been Jo was talking to Dean. He spread his arms for a hug, but she fist bumped his shoulder and got inside.
“He has liver failure.” She looked him in the eye when she said this. “I’m sorry, but the accident made it much harder for his body to recover from everything at once. There’s always a chance for a miracle, but it doesn’t seem good.”
Cas’ bottom lip pushed forward into a deeper frown. He leaned in, and – before his lips touched Dean’s – pressed his fingers to the small of Dean’s back. Dean was out of breath – literally; he hadn’t managed to inhale before Cas attacked his lips. He tried to do something with his hands, but he was too busy with his distressed lungs and the taste of cinnamon and eggnog on Cas’ lips.
He slipped out of the line and hurried towards the stand. Where would she have gone? There were so many people around - there was no way to tell. But as he scoured the area, one place stood out as the only secluded corner in the fair.
“Good,” Cas said, accepting his cup, at the same time Dean said, “Horrible.” Mary stared at them. Jo watched from the kitchen, face blank.
Dean offered him half a shaky smile. “Yeah, I’m good.” He desperately hoped Cas wouldn't see through it.
It might’ve been half an hour before Hannah pulled her legs off the ledge and said, “I’m going to go back to the hell room.” She stood up and looked at Cas expectantly. Cas looked at Dean.
“Lilith is a real creep, and she works fast. She’s on a mission to break seals to break Lucifer out of his cage, and she’s got hellhounds on her side to tear open whoever isn’t feeling like helping her.”
“Kansas,” she repeated with her index finger in the air, like she was taking a mental note to remember it. “And he’s here for the Teacher’s Assistant Program.”
The good thing about being suspended was that you could hear someone throwing rocks at your neighbor's window at nine a.m. as if they were in some cheesy romantic comedy. The other good thing was that without his computer, all Dean had to do all day was lie on his floor and stare at the ceiling.
"Ugh. You are, aren't you? Because, you know, we could put a bell around your neck, or you could just meow."
It didn’t take him more than a minute to find what he was searching for: the picture Bobby and him saw the day before, from Dean’s security footage.
Not that Cas would care. Cas didn’t want anything to do with him, he was positive. Cas probably told him he was smart just so he wouldn’t feel bad about himself – because Cas was… something else. How could anyone not feel bad about themselves when Cas was around, was a mystery to him.
When they looked at the bed again, Cas' hand rested on Jack’s arm and he was talking to the boy with urgency. He seemed to be very much awake.
“What do you want?” He asked Anna. She took him by the arm and dragged him to her desk. He glanced at his phone; class started in three minutes. So, whatever it was, if it was bad, he only had to get through a hundred and eighty seconds of it.
“The order is out,” said Crowley. “You are accused of treason, Castiel. If it’s up to me-“ he eyed his accomplice- “There is no scenario where you leave this room breathing. As to him…” His eyes shifted to rest on Dean.
He wanted to make a joke. But he looked at Dean’s face, and something there stopped him on his tracks.
“Hey, nerd,” he said when he stood in Cas’ eye level. Cas wasn't a nerd. He was a godly handsome teenager with the most brain Dean had ever seen on someone. Even in his pajamas – his pajama pants, Dean could see from up close now, had tiny cat prints on them – and with his hair all messy, he looked better than anyone else in school (Charlie would strongly disagree; she didn’t find Cas particularly alluring. But she did call him dreamy once. Dean wished he’d gotten it on tape).
Dean exhaled and reopened his notebook, staring at the paint peeling from the table for a few moments before adding to his shitty poem.
“Decent?” Castiel asked, his forehead creasing when Dean grinningly lifted an arm wrapped up in a bandage. “No harm done, though. Everyone made it out alright. Save you, of course.”
He turned to Meg. “Are you going?” On the other side of their little circle, Dean’s shoulders sagged. Meg pulled hers up.
Cas turned to look at him, and Dean became very aware of how close they were. As close as they had been three months ago, sitting in the mud behind a tree. Closer. Their breaths were mixing together. And the look in Cas’ eyes…
“I am not a maiden in need of defending. I am grown,” Castiel argued, but the heat in his voice was weakened by the way the light danced on Dean’s face. He closed his eyes and tried to think clearly.
“Oh, you haven’t heard? They call it an ‘activity’ but it’s just a pretty word for ‘lecture’. Ms. Mills talked about it Monday morning.”
“Oh,” said Chuck, like he wasn’t expecting that to come up. “No. No. Of course not. You know, I’ve been with a lot of women back in my time,” he said. “A lot of guys, too. Sometimes at the same time. I remember once back in my early twenties, it was around 1985-”
“Because I used to have a girlfriend,” Dean said. “And she was the one to schedule this meeting, and if I cancel, I’m scared this therapist person is gonna give her a call to double check with her.”
“I know what I did was wrong,” he said. “And in my defense, when I asked you to this party, I didn't imagine you'd say yes. But the whole reason I didn't ask anyone else was because...” He paused. It was dark, and under Cas’ stare, everything around them faded into the background. “There’s no one in class I look up to more than you. And I thought we didn’t know each other at all, but turns out we do.”
The moment Cas was gone, Meg turned to face them with her hands folded across her chest. “What's going on?”
“I don't care about that,” Dean said, although he didn’t like the label. It wasn’t like he suddenly stopped liking girls. Or started liking guys who didn’t call him a nerd and held his hand through the trees in a remote location. He shook his head. “It's Cas. It's
Claire grabbed her phone and made the order. Then she took a long look at him and leaned back on the sofa. "Marriage problems?"
Cas crossed his arms tightly over his chest. “Don't worry. It's not a problem anymore.” He looked away.
“It’s broken. I don’t think there’s much to do about it now – your face will look a bit silly, maybe.” He sighed. “Try not to think about it.”
"What do think about this guy?" She asked. Dean looked back at Cas' bed. Jack was sitting by it, head tilted, eyebrows furrowed.
“I guess that’s true. Okay,” Dean fixed his hair and took a step closer to Castiel. “If I like her, I'll lean in.” He leaned in. “And when she tilts her head up – I can't do this with you because you're not really much shorter than me but – I’ll rest my hand lightly around her waist.” His fingers left fizzling prints on the small of Castiel’s back. “We are never talking about this again,” he whispered in Castiel’s ear.
It hung between them. They’d known each other for almost a year, and still he never invited Dean to his house. He didn’t mean to be rude – he was just scared Dean would judge him, even if he didn’t mean to. And so, to break the tense silence, he gave in.
"I told you there's nothing going on between us." The picture of Dean right before he left the class kept floating up in his mind, like a dead fish that wouldn’t sink. He couldn't shake off the feeling that something was wrong.
The next day was his first creative writing class, and Dean couldn’t give less shits. He spent the forty-five minutes glaring at his blank notebook and replaying his conversation with his mother. Then he recited this week’s shifts at Dick’s.
“They’re all… So soft and beautiful,” Castiel breathed, and any edge he intended his words to have was gone.
“I never did,” said Castiel. “I swear. Sorry to disappoint you.” And he was desperately hoping for the six o’clock people to show up right about that moment for their Hour of Escape Room Fun, but the door remained unopen.
Cas shrugged stiffly. “The whole fake couple thing is getting kind of old,” he said, and he didn’t seem to mind whether anyone heard him.
He muted the sound of Garth’s babbling then and glanced across the hall. Cas was on the other side of the room, explaining to the Winchesters things about some engineer's project that were probably very, very wrong. Dean watched his hand gestures, the expressions on his face, and smiled to himself.
This was it. He was never going to walk these halls again. He was never going to see any of these people, except for Meg and Andy who were going to his college.
Bobby stepped into the room. “This place is about as bloody as when that pagan god came to life.” Castiel looked at him questioningly, but he didn’t see it. His shoulders stiffened at something he saw on the other side of the room, and he turned around. In his eyes was something between anger and horror that froze Castiel’s veins.
“Of course,” he frowned. “Wh- did you think I wouldn’t find my way back? Come on, you guys. I’ve spent years roaming big city streets while you were on a boat in the middle of the ocean. Give me some credit.”
Dean had been working at Dick’s Yummy Treats for two months, and he still hadn’t gotten his employee card.
“Impressive,” Sam muttered under his breath. Dean let out a soft sigh, as though pulling his dagger out every time someone upset him was a tiring – if rational – reaction, and threw his blade at Sam in a swift motion. Sam dodged it easily, and it skewered a noisy fly to the wall.
“You’re gonna have to!” Said Dean. “’Cause my leg is broken.” In the kitchen, he said to Sam – and Castiel could hear the smile in his voice: “True love, Sammy. It sucks ass. Get ready to pick up tons of undies.”
“I can have mystery friends,” Dean said, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. His palms were starting to feel damp.
Sam left his house when they came back. He hugged Castiel again and said, “Thanks for everything.” Castiel didn’t know what was everything supposed to be.
“It took them a while to figure out the map, enough time for me to come up with a crazy, suicidal plan. I grabbed the map and ran away. After years I finally got ahold of the gold, and I gave it to the villagers. All of it. By the time I was back, my former brothers in arms had burned down my house, and I had nothing left. I took whatever little that hadn’t turned to ash and started planning my new life.”
“Alright. Fine. I’ll pass my wisdom on to you. If I don’t owe that to you, I owe it to the poor girls you ask out.”
Dean was very interested in his teammates all of a sudden. They were walking towards the shower rooms, smiling and slapping each other’s backs, some taking their shirts off. Dean eyed them stubbornly. Cas swallowed, feeling a sudden urge to distract him from the half-naked men. Not that he was jealous. But the way Dean's eyes followed their back muscles was just uncanny.
Not a few days’ job, or a week’s, or maybe even a month's. How long did it take to take down an archangel’s child? Two months? Three? Four? However long it was, he sort of hoped, secretly, just a little bit, that he would miss Claire’s orientation day at her new college in half a year. It had a Bring Your Parent option, and the whole thing was just too awkward for him. He was dealing with a worlds-destroying entity; Dean could take Meet the Professors: Salsa Version.
“Cas.” Dean put his palms together. “I would never, ever, tell you if I cried at a Celine Dion concert.” He laughed. “But, hey… Thanks.”
And he was right. He let the blade slip out of his sleeve, and no one stared or pointed and screamed.
“You asked someone out last month in your gym clothes while you were covered in sweat,” Kevin added. “And she said yes.”
“What is it,” Dean leaned back in his chair. “My leather jacket? My haircut? Maybe I just don’t look like the
It took him a good while to comprehend where he was, because it wasn’t the same place he had lost consciousness in. The couch coating was corduroy, and there were family photos on the walls. He could barely make out the frames in the dark.
Then he felt a heavy hand on his shoulder, whirling him back so fast he almost stumbled. And then Gordon’s fist hit his face.
“No, um.” He scratched the back of his head. He didn’t know whether to break into laughter or start crying; he settled for neither. “So you know how winter break is coming up,” he said. He sat down at the desk, facing Cas.
And he still couldn’t fall asleep. He hadn’t realized how different this would be. The bed was cold. The walls were a different shade of white. Even the sounds of the night outside were different.
“I’m good.” Dean took the acorns from his hand and stuck them into the upper snowball. They appraised their creation for a few silent moments.
He entered his room and closed the door quietly, turning on the glossy blue desk lamp on his nightstand, to find someone sleeping in his bed.
"If you two spend the flight together, it'll be a nightmare for both of you, and you know it," Claire said. "I can handle a teenage boy." she looked back at the kid: he was staring lovingly at a piece of nougat a flight attendant had handed him. Meanwhile, Cas sat down and touched his aching shoulder. Dean searched his pockets and handed him a bottle of painkillers.
“When I killed Lilith,” said Dean, eyes moving around Castiel’s face as if he were trying to solve an algebra problem. “Trying to stop her from letting the devil out... Well.” His eyes dropped from Castiel’s face with an emotion Castiel almost didn’t recognize on him.
That afternoon, after his classes ended, he walked back to the bus station without saying a word to his friends. Instead of going home, he watched the shabby, welcoming neighborhood pass by and got off the bus in a nicer one. He walked up the stairs to the front porch of his old house, and rang the doorbell.
“I’m no Peter Parker,” Dean said, almost in a whisper, because he had to say something. Something to let Cas know what he was getting into. He watched the light in Cas’ eyes fade a little, the light that’s still been there as though just looking at Dean sparked it.
“Is... that why you led me to a dark, deserted corner of the parking lot, or is the murdering just about to start?”
Castiel pursed his lips, trying not to appear as a complete idiot. “Yes,” he said firmly. “And I want my things back.”
He gave himself a moment. Words were always hard for him; not to talk about such intimate words, in front of six other people and a baby and Garth.
“I'll give you this couple's waffle breakfast coupon, eh?” He pulled a small card out of his wallet. “It expires next week, and I won't be needing it, anyway, so...”
“We’ll part into teams,” Dean said, standing with a hand on his sword, his clothes tattered, his back to the sea. “Sam – you go ‘round the island, see what’s on the other side. We’ll meet back at the ship. Everyone else – team up and choose a tunnel. C’mon, just like third grade. Cas, what are we dealing with?”
He opened the drawer and sent Meg the pictures. Meanwhile, Dean kept browsing until he got bored and started watching dog videos. Then he fell asleep on his laptop.
“Bess didn’t want me to go,” he said at lunch. “She got into a university upstate, and she didn’t want to be far away from each other. But I told her long distance can work.”
He looked at Cas hopefully. Cas looked at the coupon. The coupon looked at Dean’s palm (it was facing down).
“If we were friends,” replied Castiel. “Maybe. Or if we had some kind of profound bond. April is...” They both turned to look at her: blowing bubblegum and playing with a knife behind the teacher’s back. “Not exactly my type,” Castiel finished.
Castiel had a strange feeling, like this would be the last time they’d see him. Dean lifted an eyebrow at him, and squeezed his hand when he didn’t shrug back.
“You’re awfully pleasant,” Cas commented cautiously, his eyebrows furrowing. Without looking up, Dean shot him a “Right back at ya.” He waited a safe amount of time until he was sure Cas was gone. Then he looked up from the cash register.
He couldn't help think about how each of them came out of it; him, with relief and anger for his brother once they found him, safe and sound. And Cas, with his head high, and without a father. This void that was filled for him was never filled for Cas. And he couldn't be more grateful for their friendship, that grew and flourished out of this ugly thing that ended things between them. The best days of their relationship could never compare to an average summer day of them sitting in Dean's room and talking about nothing in the past two years. Their time as a couple – it was fire, and anger, and then regret. Every day since had been... happiness in its own way.
,” insisted Castiel, “But we’re in a hurry, so you need to listen. There was an invasion, and the aliens-”
Dean snorted. “If those are the stories then we’ve got some big misfortune. Quite literally. Ghosts are everywhere.”
“So we’re stopping for three hours exactly,” Castiel repeated in a calculated voice, following Dean around the deck as he moved crates and tugged at ropes. “And we’re leaving half our crew behind because… Some old singer needs help with his work?”
"Alright," Dean cut him off. "What next?" no need to go into detail about how he majorly messed up trying to stop the Devil and accidentally assisting him with their daughter and a stranger in the car.
Dean looked down at his book, pretending to read. Only he wasn’t mouthing the words silently like he did when he was trying to focus on reading.
He slung his bag on one shoulder and hurried down the empty hall. The next period must have started already without him noticing.
“She’s very driven,” said Kevin. “And I am, too, you know. It’s just sometimes more important things come up.”
This, to Dean, seemed like an illogical response. (To Cas it seemed that out of the two of them, he was the one being perfectly logical.)
Dean traced the edge of the table with his finger. “That’s great,” he said, watching his plate. Meg raised her head to look at him.
“Look up,” he said gently, in almost a whisper. Somewhere far away from them, the crowd cheered at a touchdown. Dean tilted his head backwards again, though it seemed to be in his nature to argue.
Cas looked at him for a moment, giving him an opening to keep talking, and dropped it when he didn’t.
“Good morning,” he opened, right as Dean and Castiel slipped into their seats. “The Byzantine empire gets its name from Byzantium, the old name of Constantinople…” That was how his classes started. And how they continued, until 2:04, when he would declare “dismissed!” right before the bell for eighth period rang. And then he would take his briefcase and go.
He wondered where he would be in five years. He must be in a better place. Or at least a place where no high school student bothered him. Somewhere where he didn’t have to be a good little boy. Somewhere he could wash the pretenses off himself like dirt and say what he really wanted to say, be what he really wanted to be.
He didn’t have a book today, either. Castiel slid his book to the center of the table again, and rested his head on his fist. Math was alright. It didn’t philosophize. Either you were right or you were wrong.
He was the first one to get into the principal’s office. A small plaque on the wide desk read Mr. Metatron. No last name. Or maybe no first name. Dean had never been able to figure out which one it was. Maybe his name was Metatron Metatron.
There was a moment of silence, and he could see her reflection looking at him in a washed pot on the counter.
“Do you think we should have given it snow shoes?” Cas asked. He pulled his hat off and handed it to Dean, scratching the side of his face thoughtfully with his free hand. Dean looked at the hat, and up at Cas’ face. Cas glanced at him, frowning, his arm still reached towards Dean.
“Why does everyone think he’s so great?” Meg asked. Castiel kneed her. “I mean... that ass doesn’t quit.”
Cas’ eyes were on his face, so intense that Dean looked up to meet them. He was helpless, Dean could see. lost in the silence, miserable, almost. He opened his mouth, hanging on the edge of a word, and–
showing. And that he didn’t look like an asshole walking around the house with no shirt all the time. Cas hated when he said that sort of thing, but he didn’t have much to show for his wits.
Cas hesitated, and Dean jumped in. It was weird how you could feel like a team when you were playing a fake couple and there was incredible pressure on you to not expose your deception.
Inside the barn were some old hay and a chair. Dean’s brother was sitting on the floor against a wall, his wrists and ankles tied with tape. Beside him stood a blond woman in a red jacket, her arms folded across her chest, looking impatient.
“I mean, thirty hours ago I was in my underwear in bed and you were using my arm as a teddy bear.” He lowered his voice when he said that. “And now I’m sitting at the cafeteria eating cold broccoli.” His mouth twisted.
Dean felt the edge of his lip rise. “Gotta love the rumors.” He rolled his shoulders. He felt like his hand was sweating, but maybe that was just his nerves. What’s the opposite of wishful thinking? “What have they been saying?”
“After you were trying so hard?” Dr. Hanscum looked surprisingly surprised, considering, well, they were both terrible liars, and their story was inconsistent. “Really?”
Dean tried to ignore him. He flipped through the pages of the book almost reverently. Cas shuffled his feet in front of him.
Castiel’s fingers felt for the light switch across the wall. When he found it, a scene unfolded that his brain had put together in the dark but could now finally see: his blade, held stable in his hand, pointing at a throat. And the throat being Dean's.
"It's just turbulence." Cas took his hand and rubbed his own shoulder with a wrinkled nose. "Are you okay?" he asked softly.
“Senior courses. The list is up. You had to write your preferences so that they don’t put you in something really boring.”
“No,” said Castiel. He felt his face go completely red, but he didn’t even care. “I’m thinking this time it’ll be more like six months.”
“Alright,” the man wrote a few things down in his notepad. “Lastly, how willing are you to die on the job?”
want until you've tried it and didn’t want it, but if you already know you don't want something, why put yourself through the trouble? It was a setup for heartbreak and headache and nothing more, and it felt silly to him to put himself through something just the thought of made him dizzy, just to please someone else.
It was a small stack of photos. Sam flipped through them – Dean and him as little kids, then as teens, then Bobby with a dark haired man in his study.
On the island, they gathered on a ledge of rock, open sky and sea to one side and the stone mountain with openings to four or five tunnels on the other.
“You probably shouldn’t,” he said. “I’m pretty sure there’s some kind of rat fluid in it. Don’t ask how I know.”
“Better,” Dean mumbled when he was done. Cas looked more than presentable, with his white button down shirt and trench coat – he looked pretty good, actually, for a guy who usually walked around in a T-shirt and jeans, though Dean would never admit it aloud. He turned and knocked on the door, his hand hovering just above the handle. The door opened before he touched it.
“I was just trying to do the right thing,” Castiel said desperately. “I was naïve to think that it could somehow work itself out.” His tone, or the way he looked at Dean, made his words unambiguous.
In his final creative writing class they were assigned with writing haikus – a simple task way below their learning level meant to nudge their GPA upwards. When Naomi saw that he wasn’t writing anything, she made her way to his table.
And yet here he was, sharing something that didn’t have the slightest bit of truth in it. For he had never seen a mouse, and no animal frightened him. Not a thing frightened him, except, perhaps, the feeling that started to spread in his heart.
He shook his head. “It makes more sense that I'll go, and you know it. I’ve got experience with angels, and I’m not recognizable as a notorious hunter.”
Castiel stared at the small man, somewhat taken aback. He wasn’t sure about that advice he’d gotten anymore.
“I fixed some things around the house,” said Castiel. “Changed some light bulbs, washed the dishes, did laundry and took the neighbors’ Christmas decorations down-“
“That’s nice,” he mumbled into the phone. And he put the blade in his bag. “I’ve got to finish packing. Talk to you later.”
“Point is,” said Dean, looking at the two of them hesitantly. “Prom is stupid. And we won’t be here.”
, and shook his head. “Popcorn?” He passed the bowl to Dean, who only barely managed to shake his head. He stared at the screen, hoping Cas didn’t notice his eyes being as big as plates. He’s never listened to anyone so intently before, nor has he ever made such a heroic effort not to let his feelings get to his face.
Dean was starting to fear that one of those times, fire would come out of its nostrils instead of air. So he examined the bumps again, and determined that there was a certain, small, small chance that they were, in fact, land.
He let himself feel the wind ruffle his hair. The chill was slowly disappearing from the air with every passing week, but he could still feel it. He didn’t want it gone.
“Why?” Castiel repeated, looking him up and down. He offered his hand, and Chuck took it. “Come on. Let’s find you a clean robe. Then you can shower. God knows you could use one.”
He tried to clean some more blood off his shirt, but it was futile. He stepped out of the house, looking for Dean, and ran straight into Meg.
Castiel sighed tragically and sent a wide eyed look at the ceiling. “I guess you don’t have to help me. I’ll just ask Garth, he ought to have some good romance tips.”
Dean's foot slipped off the gas pedal for a moment. The car swayed lightly to the right before he pulled it back into his lane. "Which one?"
“I’ve got my share of weird things,” said Castiel. “The last thing I want is more of them. Thank you for... whatever this was,” he said as he pushed past Henry. “But I quit.”
Dean let out an unnecessarily loud huff. "What’re y’talking about," he mumbled, not taking his eyes off of Cas, who was climbing onto the deck now.
Dean thought for a moment – or maybe just prepared himself. “My nightmares have been getting worse,” he said. “Not better. Okay, your turn.”
It was the picture of his father. Him saying something about fish – he didn’t remember his exact words anymore. Something about fish. Was he comparing Dean to a fish? It was all becoming a blur. And Chuck’s face, stripped of pretenses, seeming almost disappointed at his adamant loyalty to Dean.
"Need to get used to being able to stretch my legs on the bed without someone kicking me in the shin," he said. "It's been a while."
Dean held a spoonful in front of her. “You want some yogurt? Yeah?” She grabbed the spoon and ate it. “People die at hospitals all the time.”
idea, but it’s nice to have someone to talk to who cares more about the increase in death rates due to car crashes than which sports team won in the game last night. I’ve just never really had a friend before, I guess. Like, not
“Oh,” Dean said, skipping up the last stair to the second floor. Right behind him, Castiel read the message printed on an A4 paper and taped to the door:
The captain wasn’t too jarred by Castiel’s disbelief in his accusation. It seemed like the fact that Castiel was tied securely against a pole gave his capturer the feeling that he had the upper hand. He shuffled closer to Castiel, examining his face for a long moment. Castiel swayed uncomfortably. He could feel Dean’s breath on his skin, and he thanked God for apparently giving these pirates awareness for dental hygiene.
“So…” he said, clapping his palms together awkwardly, and grasped for a sarcastic comment. The tightness in Cas’ lips had no residue of that momentary spark of amusement it had before.
He was actually quite proud of himself for managing to understand the messages his brother and Cas would try to signal him when they visited – about the hunts they went on, about hunter news, about trying to get him out – without them explicitly saying anything.
“Yeah, clearly,” Dean shot back. “Are you gonna say that to the grim reaper too, and expect him to leave you alone and go on his merry way?” He reached for Castiel’s throat, his fingers fluttering above the collarbone to check the damage, but didn’t try to stop Castiel when he rose back to his feet. They resumed walking.
"She's a baby," he said. He could hear the harsh edges of Dean's voice mirrored in his own. "We hijacked a baby."
Dean smiled at him sweetly. “You’re an ass,” he said, and looked at him like he was about to reach out and kiss him. And then he did, and suddenly Castiel was thinking about their first kiss, a year and a half ago, on the floor of their house. In the afternoon sun, with Dean’s amulet between them, glowing like one of those lights.
No,” Cas protested. “I was studying.” His hand flew in a wide bow to gesture at a desk, on which a pile of books rested. An open notebook sat there with crooked pages. Dean eyed is suspiciously, then he eyed Cas’ hair.
A letter from Sam arrived with a ship earlier than Dean had expected. According to Sam, Dean’s story had taken him by somewhat of a surprise, but it didn’t shock him. He read the lore, and apparently things like that “happened sometimes”. With the letter, he sent two small jars of potions that should lift the curse and keep them alive. They looked absolutely disgusting – dark burgundy mixed with green floaty things – but Dean decided he’d take the chance.
“Who’s Hannah?” Dean paused briefly to stare up at a life-sized Hulk action figure. Their faces were the height of its crotch.
“Where have you been?” she asked without looking up. All the lights were off except for the small, exposed bulb above the dining table.
The first months of college flew by. Everything was a mess – the classes, the meals, the weekends – and in getting accustomed to it, Castiel barely noticed time passing. Halloween came and went, and the trees shed all their leaves. He’d gotten used to life on campus and submerged himself in studying, as much as Dean did with hunting. And by the beginning of winter, Castiel’s life fell into a natural routine.
“A favor?” Castiel asked. His brow arched again, and on his lips – Dean could swear – there was the shadow of a smile.
“But I said no take backs!” Dean smiled, and put a hand on his waist. “Speaking of, are you sure your dad is okay with this?”
Castiel looked up and caught the sight of Dean’s eyes in the moonlight. They did look beautiful, in the sort of platonic, heterosexual way.
“Hey,” Cas said back. He was wearing a holiday sweater, red and white. What a nerd. Dean didn’t want to touch the soft knitted wool at all. And if he did, well, it was just because this wool looked so damn soft.
He looked into Dean’s eyes, emerald green, still exhilarated from their trip. And he recalled something.
“Why would-” he started saying, but a ringing cut him off. A phone on the table that he hadn’t noticed was there before.
It was a hit to his chest and a wave of relief at the same time. He forced out half a chuckle, molded his face into a mask of nonchalance. “You’re saying I don’t work hard enough at getting you action? You’ve already asked out two girls and hit on someone at Denny's, and the week has just started.”
He took a shortcut and slid between two stands. Only Meg’s vampire friend was standing right there, watching his next victim: a short bald guy with a tuxedo and a bowtie.
All the way east and north to Scotland, only to dive into freezing water and stab a sea monster in the toe, and go back the way they’d come. The crew was getting impatient, but Dean’s excitement was contagious. It was admirable, in a way, the sight of him standing in front of his crowd and instilling his buzz in them. Sitting on a crate, affixing his body language and the keen look in his eyes into his arguments; Sam standing nearby, his hands crossed, but still engrossed in the taste of adventure.
“Don’t call me pumpkin,” Dean muttered into the dark. He was staring right up at the ceiling. After a moment he added, quietly, “Night.”
“Do you think they’re buying it?” Cas asked. He was looking past Dean and through the window, his eyes on Dean’s family, inside in the heat. The two of them were outside, on their own. Earlier that morning, while they were in Dean’s room, Cas had said,
Life on Dean’s ship was setting into a comfortable routine: wake up in the room he shared with Charlie, Jo and a sack of potatoes – the men’s quarters didn’t have any space left – eat a breakfast of dry bread, root vegetables and stale water, and then follow Dean around while answering his inquiries for the rest of the day. Dean’s people took to him, slow but steady, and soon he gained whatever version of respect among the crew that pirates had. Dean’s tall, bear-like brother often took his side in arguments against Dean, seeming to enjoy seeing his older brother, as he called it, ‘outsmarted for once by someone other than myself’; Charlie made jokes about Dean and him which he never seemed to comprehend but always elicited uncomfortable reactions from Dean, making him stare down at his shoes or glare at her.
“I’m in real estate,” he said. People always said they were in real estate when they weren’t telling the truth.
Hannah’s eyes tracked the movement of Castiel's fingers smoothing through Dean’s hair. It made him uncomfortable. He stopped and rested his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“Sorry I upset you.” Dean’s thumb moved in circled over his knuckles. Fucking hell, he should have hugged his parents more.
The memories from that Saturday morning in the botanical garden resurfaced in Dean’s mind. The sound of Cas breathing into the quiet that had surrounded them. The paper he’d shown Charlie. The next writing class, Naomi telling him everyone writes about personal things when he came in empty handed. The feeling of Cas' fingertips on his chest fluttering in his mind; doubting other students' writing got
“No,” he mutters. “Not now. Not now…” He presses the button again, but it’s no use. He goes back to his apartment, resigned, and throws his phone in the vague direction of the couch. It’s so dark inside that he can’t even see anything. He makes his way to his bed and slumps down on it.
He lay in bed for a while, just staring at the ceiling. He felt the exhaustion in every bone of his body. But there was an unsettling feeling in closing his eyes for more than a few moments, and the bed felt too big without a warm body snoring softly by his side. After about four eternities of staring at the ceiling he sat up in bed. By now, his eyes were accustomed to this dim darkness, painted soft, faint orange in the light of the lampposts outside. He touched the lace around his neck, watched the dull light bounce off his ring in the dark, and he felt dean's hands on his face. Three, maybe four months ago. On their bed, one completely ordinary afternoon. Kissing him. Pulling him closer. And he'd said,
In spite of himself, Dean sent a glance their way and confirmed he knew who they were talking about.
“No.” Cas’ voice was soft, now, almost a whisper, but all the more passionate for it. “There's no one else but you.” He closed his eyes and took a short breath. “That came out wrong. I just mean it's not that. I'm just getting a little tired of pretending.”
“Yeah, vodka,” Jo said. But when Dean looked up he saw that the chandelier really was swaying gently from side to side. It looked quite heavy. His eyes feel instinctively on the people standing below it, but they seemed unaware of the crystal construction wobbling above their heads.
Castiel glanced at the stuffed dragon. “Of course he’s alive,” he frowned. “I know how to be a parent.”
He knew Dean got distracted easily. Yes, he was putting the lure of cheeseburgers against alien technology, but didn’t Tony Stark pull that off? (Or, at least, he thought that was what those movies were about. He didn’t really listen when Dean talked about them. God, he swore, if he and Dean were to get out of this, he had to start listening to his boyfriend talk about men in full bodysuits more often.)
“I can practically feel every bone in my body breaking from that fall.” He stopped to swallow. His throat was dry. His head hurt, his nose burned, but his heart was beating so forcefully in his chest that he barely felt any of it. “That's the kind of fall you don't get up from.” Gordon looked at him like he was taking mental notes. “So I hold on. I don't let you into the spaces in between my fingers or to the thoughts that push their way into my head between the night and the day. But it's no fucking use, because I can't stop you from filling the cracks in my heart. And I can't stop myself from hoping that I do the same for you.” There was a stifled laughter from one end of the room, and it prompted a few more giggles. Someone said “I feel bad for the guy he wrote this for”, and it echoed just loud enough for Dean to hear. He looked up. Someone caught his eye that he hadn’t realized was there, and he lost his voice.
Castiel was a lightning. At once, he swung his sword and knocked the stumbling man’s gun out of his hand. He threaded his shorter blade into the trigger guard of another man and yanked it into the air.
“I’m sure he left ten IPhones in there and they all rang at the same time,” he said, and Castiel shook his head.
Dean let out a groan. Charlie watched his face; he tried to look a little less defeated, to very little success.
“Awful,” he asserted, his breath catching in her hair. The job he did was much better: a rectangular, shapeless block. That was exactly how torsos looked.
shelf. But as he put it in place, he noticed something. A few of the books back here had some strange titles. There was a book titled
“You know, I wish we met more often,” Cas went on. He looked at Dean deliberately, didn’t let eye contact slip, and Dean realized a moment too late that it was a code.
Dean and Meg kept their banter on either side of him. Castiel had a feeling they were just a little bit sad they weren’t going to see each other anymore.
He saw her storm out of one people-packed room and into another, the emotion in her eyes (furious) so mortally contrary to the other faces in the room (drunk).
Cas’ eyes slid off him. He didn’t need more proof that he was right. He knew Cas; he knew when he was real, and he knew when he wasn’t.
He used to think it did. Used to believe it with everything he had. But strange things happened when you broke up with someone. Promises, words of love, entire futures – they all broke. Not at first; at first you still believed them. But time had its way around these things. Drop by drop, it changed the strongest vows, the most earnest whispers in the dark, until there was an ocean between the two of you, so vast you couldn’t even imagine how you used to be so close.
“I don’t want the gold,” Castiel responded. He paused. Dean waited for him to continue. “I want my freedom. I tell you how to find the gold, and you let me go.”
“Here,” he said, taking his hat off and putting it on the snow-head. It was a mistake he immediately regretted - his head was now exposed to the freezing temperature, and it was losing heat in an odd velocity. “It’s complete.” A shiver ran through his shoulders, and he tried to play it off as a shrug, crossing his arms over his chest.
“Don’t they give you any responsibilities?” Dean asked, and Castiel had to admit, he was exceptionally good at his job. There was no hitch in his voice, no falter. “Any missions?”
“And you’re bleeding,” the captain added, pointing his sword at Castiel’s aching arm. Castiel looked at it now, and saw a pool of blood collecting on the woodboards right beneath his shoulder. One of the garrison’s bullets must have grazed him when he escaped.
It was real. He knew it. Dean knew it too, saw it in his eyes, judging by this soft-impossibly-soft way that he was looking at him.
Dean’s expression hardened. “Thanks, Romeo, but I’m fine,” he muttered, although he was still holding his nose in clear discomfort. His gaze on the ball turned deliberately concentrated.
The first problem was that Dean was getting attached. It was all the little things: the furrow between his eyebrows that appeared whenever the girl frowned. His unaware smile when she did things like shove a finger up her nose and dig up a piece of snot or slam a toy against her head, whine weakly and then slam it again. And his absolute devotion to all the hardest things; change diapers. Stay up for hours every night until the screaming stopped. Flu shots.
“I could take you down right now,” said Castiel, and maybe it was a little ambitious, but there was no telling if he was right, because at that moment Gabriel raised his palms before them.
Castiel’s shoulders straightened at that, the movement sending a piercing pain through the muscles in his arm, but his head rose proudly with no trace of that pain in his eyes. “I have nothing royal in me.” He suspected the guy’s self entitled nickname was somewhat of an exaggeration, too. “I don’t trust you, though.”
He stared out the window, counting the same four stars he could see again and again. Damn light pollution. It was ten minutes or so before Cas spoke.
The touch stung his face, and it took him a moment to realize Dean wasn’t just being weird. His skin was scraped.
The kid who stood on the other side of the door was no older than sixteen. Actually, he was probably no older than fourteen – he was just unnaturally tall. When Castiel opened the door, he cleared his throat, ran a hand through his shabby brown hair, and said,
They each grabbed a blob of clay, and discussed which organs they wanted to do. Meg took the head, because, apparently, she wanted to torture herself. Castiel took the torso, and Dean took the limbs.
“Alright,” he said. He felt a little overwhelmed. Were they about to go and try to kill a homicidal supernatural being using a fork?
“I don't read it,” he replied, doing his best to imitate Cas’ nonchalance. “You talk about it too much. Maybe I should hang out with you less.”
The mountainous path was treacherous and slippery. Between his father and his brother, Dean took one last glance as the sea filled up the valley like water pooling up in a sink, and rode into the mountains. Beside him, John rode fast and close. He sent out his hand towards Dean, and pulled it back. With a heavy heart, he urged his horse forward and the beast picked up its pace.
“I’m fine,” he grumbled. And then the first attack began: a pale figure appeared out of the nothingness; a tall man, sending his white fingers towards Castiel’s throat. The boney fingers were ice cold when they gripped him, and way too palpable for the flickering, immaterial man. Way too strong for his lanky structure, too, as he locked them around Castiel’s throat and lifted him into the air without the slightest effort. Castiel grabbed the man’s arm, kicked and punched, but for no avail. The tip of his head hit the ceiling of the cave. Without realizing it he’d stopped breathing and his throat ached so bad he couldn’t make a sound – and then there was a
He knew if someone could see him now he would look like an apathetic douchebag, but he grabbed his phone and started scrolling.
The inside was chilly. Dean went to close the window and then stood in the middle of the room, watching helplessly as Castiel took it in.
He could have spent this day with any girl he would have wanted. The girl from the supermarket, for instance. And instead he’s home at four in the afternoon, not even thinking about Dean, but thinking about how freaking sad Dean makes him.
Dean nodded, and it seemed that he was releasing a breath his own lungs had been holding in. “I gotta go,” he said, letting go of Castiel’s fingers. “I need to, uh, cancel some… plans.” He did an awkward finger guns at Castiel. “Call me, okay? Don’t do your thing where you disappear for two weeks because you’re too nervous to text them back.”
Dean sat down on his bed. “I dunno,” he said, and he didn’t know where he’d gotten the courage to say that. Where he’d gotten the courage to say anything that wasn’t,
Dean’s eyebrows furrowed with worry. “The hospital wouldn’t let you stay because nothing was technically wrong with you, but I didn’t know what to think. I didn’t wanna leave you – I didn’t…” He shrugged, at a loss. “I didn’t know what to think.”
Everything was so quiet in the middle of the night, it almost felt like the rest of the world didn’t exist.
Sam glanced at him, and turned to Dean. “I was just telling Cas the story about how you were nervous of your first day of elementary school so you ate an entire Ben & Jerry’s container and then barfed on your first grade teacher during reading time."
“The Lovers,” said Dean. “René Magritte. That one also has an interesting background, his mom committed suicide when he was…” But he stopped short when she sent a sharp look his way.
Either way, taking off his shoes and rinsing his mouth about twenty times felt like heaven. He tiptoed around the sharp edges of furniture and squinted in the dark, not wanting to wake his flatmate, as he went to grab a sandwich from the fridge and sat down on the couch to massage his feet.
“Hey,” Charlie said, taking over smoothly, and Dean had never been more grateful for her than in this moment. “What are you doing here?”
He hasn’t put all the clues together yet. And maybe it’s something in his gut more than it is a fact written in a song, but these lyrics have a feeling way too familiar to them. Not just familiar, but personal.
“Someone came in looking for Jurassic Park,” Cas started, “And when I said we don’t have it, she started yelling at me that the bookstore two blocks over has it, and how come we don’t have it, it’s unacceptable – if the other bookstore has it, just go buy it there and leave me alone, lady.”
Well. What was he supposed to do now? Machete lady was nowhere to be seen, and he probably should go back to where they parted in case Dean was looking for him. But... there, right there beside a stand that was called
“I don’t frate guys who have more than five Oreo packs in their house ‘just in case of a zombie apocalypse’,” he said, and then froze. The pronoun was a slip up; why couldn’t he have just said ‘people’? He wasn’t even gay.
She was infuriating. She was infuriating, because she knew just what buttons to push to get her way.
“What would you have done if this was Dad instead of me at the door?” Sam asked in a grumble, slumping down on an armchair close by. “Jerk.”
“I dunno,” said Dean. “Moving to a house with an actual bedroom. Maybe getting a dog. Growing...” He paused. “Growing old together.” It was almost a question. Dean was saying:
"Okay, but say you found out this creature wasn't all bad, and could actually improve and become a good person?"
“How? The kingdom depends on you, Castiel. Not with killing some stupid spy boy, but with ruling in honor and making tough decisions when you have to. Imagine being a king, and falling in love with every man you have to kill!”
“What are you doing?” Castiel asked suspiciously. The other man seemed to feel much more at ease, now that no one was accusing him of theft or startling him into falling from a shelf six feet high. His relaxed posture almost made Castiel feel at ease, too.
later, and his days become an anxious wait for Dean to write him back. And this is so very different from the past years of waiting for the second his inbox updates. Any of their next emails could lead to Dean telling him how he feels, and then him telling Dean he feels it back, and then…
. It didn't last long, anyway. They got a girlfriend, and I realized it was never going to happen and wished I hadn't let Spiderman go..." He frowned, like he was trying to remember something, and mumbled, “It was like making out with a Snickers bar…”
In the kitchen, Sam successfully ignored him, and Dean successfully retrieved scissors. He went back into his room and cut the tag off his shirt.
Castiel hesitated. He was aching to ask about his belongings, if he was ever going to get them back, and whether the redhead found anything valuable in them. But that would only make Dean more suspicious.
“Well then,” Castiel said, pulled his lips into a solemn expression and picked up a book. “She stole his sandwich, after all.”
“Anyone. My brother, first and foremost. And now he won’t forgive me, and everyone else looks at me like… well, you’ve seen. It’s ironic, but the only person who doesn’t resent me is my dad.”
The darkness swallowed them whole, leaving little space for the soft light of their torch. Dean led them through the chilly tunnel, deep into the heart of the island.
"Dinner with our new neighbor," said Dean. "This Marcy woman. Said you helped her find a place here."
Castiel mirrored his smile, just a little bit. “My family is going to love you. Next time, if you could not bring a gun.”
If there was tension under the surface before, Dean didn’t know what to call it now. It was certainly not under the surface anymore. They sat on an old couch that was practically disintegrating, one foot apart. Cas didn’t seem to be interested in making a scene in front of everyone to see, so whatever he was thinking, he didn’t say it.
Keep Dean away from the dance at all costs (because, for some reason, the aliens deemed him fit to be a bride).
“Yeah,” Castiel said distractedly into the phone. He wasn’t exactly looking forward to spending his holiday at Michael’s. It was almost unnatural, this separation from Dean. Almost unnatural how natural it had felt being around Dean in the past two months since Halloween.
Anna's eyes narrowed and cut sideways. She seemed annoyed. “Since when are you dating?” She asked. “Because I don’t think I’ve ever seen you say something nice to him.”
"Jack, why don't you go ahead?" said Dean and took the tickets from her hand, handing one to Jack and squinting at the other. "I'll join you at the back in a moment."
To whoever has made it to this point, I couldn't be more grateful. Seven months and four days ago, I posted the first chapter and wrote at the beginning of it that this fic means a lot to me. A year and a day ago I started writing it. A month and four days ago, I finished writing it. It means just as much to me today as it did all the way along.
Without lifting a finger, it shoved him aside with such force that he flew across the room and crashed his shoulder on a cabinet next to the fireplace. The figure dematerialized again and rematerialized in front of him, grabbed his leg, and pulled.
On the other side of the line, there was silence. He couldn’t tell whether it meant Cas was bored or anxious.
“What?” He asked. “Oh, no. No, no.” No telling Cas, as much as he’d like that. Just staring at him longingly from across the room like the pathetic loser he was.
Cas’ eyes were on him, examining him in a guarded kind of way. Waiting to see what he would do, Dean realized when someone groaned and said,
Either way, he couldn’t say that to a person whose worst misstep in life was an honest mistake. Dean’s Kitsune was a well thought-out execution. It might’ve been a monster, but he sure did mean to kill her.
“Where?” She asked. Castiel looked at the back door. Someone was guarding it, but they didn’t seem to be armed.
contest half an hour after you admitted to spending your Friday nights eating hot Cheetos in bed with Batman pajamas on?”
The next song he finds out about through social media. It’s a video posted on Dean’s Instagram account, captioned
Slowly, they started to wrap up. Closed the registers, then the doors. Washed the floors, shut the lights. Didn’t talk.
“You mean one,” April said. Castiel turned halfway around and took a glimpse at her: she sat at the stand with her back straight and her perfect ginger hair falling on either side of her determined face.
“This is nice,” said Dean, holding a tangle in the shape of a circle. “It’s like a glowing fairy tiara.” He placed it on Castiel’s head, and appraised him for a moment. “
“Me too,” Cas replied, watching him get up and wipe dirt off his jeans. His eyes moved across Dean’s face as if they might be able to find a grip and make him stay.
“What do you want?” Michael answered. His tone brought the events of their last conversation forcefully back: Chuck’s dinner, his older siblings’ collective decision that Dean and him shouldn’t be together, then announcing that they were about to get married.
Throughout the silence, Cas’ demeanor shifted. He turned from angry, lips pursed and eyebrows knotted together, to defeated – shoulders slumped, worry in his eyes – and then back around to his carefully crafted blank expression. Dean had started to recognize those as the unusual moments when he was feeling something intensely and was trying not to let it show.
“But it probably sounds bigger than it is. I mean, what harm can a child possibly do?” That was bullshit, and they both knew it. It was the Devil’s child. The most powerful being in the universe. But he didn't want to make Dean's face whiter. And if he was being honest, they'd seen, maybe, five "most powerful beings in the universe" just this season.
He felt the rhythm of his heart pick up. But Dean didn’t seem to give his answer a second thought. They both remained quiet for the rest of the game.
There was nothing he could do against it. He could do anything if he set his mind to do it; he could turn anyone down. But this was the one person he couldn’t bring himself to say no to.
“I knew something was wrong with the chandelier,” Dean muttered. Someone murmured to his left in response, but when he turned, he didn’t see anyone. Somewhere, a window must’ve been opened; he felt the cold in his fingertips.
“My mom will be mad if I pull anything like that,” he replied. He wasn’t sure, but he thought the air around them darkened. Trees? He could hear a stream bubbling somewhere nearby. He could care a little more about his school assignment at this point; this pitch-black conversation with the stranger whom he’d taken to be mysterious and dangerous, and who was turning out to be more straightforward and transparent than anyone in this town could bear, currently had all his attention.
He didn’t mention how it never worked out, and Dean didn’t mention why. Though he felt like it was fairly obvious, with the way he was looking at Cas, lips dry and face hot and almost on the verge of panic.
“Oh.” Dean’s anger deflated. She wasn’t trying to embarrass him. She was just trying to be nice. “Yeah. I guess I don’t mind.”
And there was something in those two half-conscious, barely audible words, in an old rusty bus with air conditioning that definitely didn’t work, that made him feel more at home than anywhere else he'd ever been in.
“Hello,” he said, straining to sound casual. The man looked at him with clear skepticism from behind his pile of spuds.
Having spat all his fake teeth out, the captain turned around. Before he stepped away, though, someone touched his arm – the woman. Castiel took a closer look at her and found that she was younger than he’d estimated – twenty five at most. Five years younger than himself, if not more. She had flowing red hair and seemed to be the only one, exclude the tall one and the Sword himself, who was carrying a pistol.
“You got a text,” he said and handed Cas back the phone. His eyes skimmed the message automatically. It was from a classmate.
Castiel leaned back in his chair, coldness running through him. Bobby went on, putting into words his own thoughts.
But it didn’t leave Dean’s mind. He couldn’t shake off an eerie feeling, a feeling that there was something familiar about the creature. The way it reacted to him… Ridiculously, he felt that a creature regarding him with such an abundant amount of sarcasm just
“Or she might not. Sure, we may be awful parents. But at least if she stays with us she'll have a family,” said Dean. “The kid deserves a family. We're responsible for her now. And when she grows up, we're gonna be able to give her answers about what really happened to her parents. No one else will be able to do that.”
“All I said was, we’re running out of supplies,” Charlie said carefully, eyeing him as if he might accelerate his pace into the speed of light if she said it again.
Cas’ mouth closed. He smiled pleasantly at her. “Let me show you to the sweater vests.” He exchanged another look with Dean before pushing past him gently towards the women’s section.
Cas looked at him. “I’m not writing that.” Their faces were close, closer than they should be for the sake of Dean’s blood pressure.
“The numbers are in sets of six. They’re nonsequential – there’s no way to know where to start unless you were Carver Edlund himself, or… spent years trying to figure it out.”
He sighed and took the phone from her, unlocking it and giving it back. There was nothing in there she shouldn’t see, anyway. He hadn’t written Dean anything, so there was no reason for Dean to text him, even if Castiel was hoping he would.
Three pairs of eyes stared at him. Beside them, Meg was texting on her phone, like their conversation was too boring to bother to pay attention to.
Castiel wrinkled his nose, for what felt like the twentieth time in the past two days. “Become a pirate?”
“We should go back,” Dean said, breaking away from their hug, and they headed back. Dean didn’t let go of his hand.
“Have you ever tried signing up for a poetry class?” Dean stung. He glanced at Cas, just to twist the knife a little.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said. His voice was deep and low, like stable ground in the middle of the ocean. He gestured at Dean’s body with a hand motion. “Nice costume.”
"Oh my God," said Meg. "Please don't tell me they're bringing out the TV. I can't stand another class on satanic rituals. Some people are Satanists. Get over it. It's not like the gates of hell are opening."
On November 22, Dean’s family showed up in their best attire to the engineering majors’ exhibition – where, as it turned out, Castiel would get his ultimate revenge for everything Dean had ever done to him: he would breach into the troops of the Winchester family, and win their affection.
Dean might have been right when he told Crowley in the interview that you can’t just show people how much you care about them. But maybe directness isn’t the only way around this problem. Maybe he can nose around and see if Dean drops him any clues without having to admit his feelings and make it weird between them if he turns out to be wrong.
It’s not like she was angry. She just looked sad. And that made Dean feel a little miserable, and a little relieved. That this was out of their way, maybe. Whatever this was. And she did smile at Cas a couple times; he had this effect on people, and Dean was starting to recognize the pattern – they always found him somewhat strange and mildly loveable, but for the parts in him he didn’t try with, rather than the other way around. They laughed when he didn’t make jokes. Their expressions softened at something he didn’t intend on winning their affection with. They put a hand on his shoulder when he seemed sad, even though he tried his damnest not to let it show.
Beside them, Sam gripped his head with his giant bear hand. “So let me get this right – you got him to jump into a volcano.”
“I don’t think you should be playing with that,” he said and got up to replace the bullets with Timothy the Destroyer. An insulted crying ensued. He gave up trying to use Timothy as middleman and picked her up. She calmed down instantly. Babies were the worst form of torture.
Still, it didn’t stop the occasional student from nagging him about it, and Meg always seemed to be there to skeptically challenge any lie and half-lie he told. She was relentless.
“Well, originally, it was about this failed relationship between a couple, but I guess that got old pretty fast because they changed the script and now it’s these two guys being gay with each other.”
“When we first met,” he started, “I wasn't looking. I didn't want anything to do with you. And when we got to know each other, it became very clear very quickly that this was different. This wasn't something I was just going to forget about after a couple of months, or a couple of years. When I fell in love with you... it felt like a stroke of luck. And when you went missing, it was like our luck had run out. Everyone was telling me, ‘you have to get used to this. You have to accept that he's gone’. But there was this huge part of me that thought,
“S'up? I’m here.” It was Dean. “I... think. Does your dorm building have a graffiti of Spiderman and Deadpool making out on it?”
“I’m getting there!” The Sword growled and waved his sword at her before the tall one could answer. He turned back to Castiel. “If you wish to live, captured soldier, you must answer one question correctly.”
“Your mystery date.” Charlie looked into his eyes fiercely, as if she could pull the answer out of his brain via telepathy, or via his nose. “The one you text eighty times a day and sneak out to see every other night.”
When he got into the driver’s seat, Dean pouted at him. “Will you stop bonding with people over how annoying they find me?”
Castiel looked at him. “Do you have a problem with us not doing anything?” He asked. “I thought we agreed this holiday is ridiculous.”
“Where do we start?” The excitement in Dean’s voice was infectious; Castiel could feel it all the way to the tips of his fingers. He kept his eyes on the table, avoiding the enchantment of Dean’s eyes.
“Oh." Dean scratched his head. "‘Cause, you know, I’d be fine with that. If you wanted to keep them.”
Castiel opened his mouth, but Dean cut him off. “And I won’t keep you prisoner here. You’ll become part of my crew, till we get to the treasure.”
“Because it was invaded by zombies!” Dean called. Castiel’s lips pulled down, taken aback by Dean’s outburst.
Dean hesitated.  “Have you wanted to kiss me just tonight?” He said, quietly. Cas answered after a moment or two.
Dean and Charlie were back a few minutes later. When the doorbell rang, Dean hopped up to open the door.
“Was she so annoying you killed her?” Dean asked, his tone friendly, eyes on the register. “Or did she turn out to be a demon from hell and just melted into the ground once she had no more sweater vests to try on?”
After dinner, Castiel stayed in the kitchen to help with the dishes. On his one side, Michael barely looked in his direction. On his other, Gabriel couldn’t get a sly smile off his face.
Dean watched the waves rise and fade, and Castiel watched his face. He couldn’t figure out whether Dean was very contented or whether he was making a very focused effort to contain his feelings.
"I think the Devil is trying to lure his child into there. And I think it's working. I don't know when, but soon. The next few days. Maybe a week. I'll text you the address."
Nothing seemed to really matter anymore. Nothing was quite as important as this, as Bobby’s questions, as the cold.
Dean sighed and looked around the room. He spotted Claire and the boy standing by the vending machine. She seemed to be explaining Jack how to use it. He pressed a button hesitantly, and jerked back a little when his chocolate bar fell down from its rack.
He wondered if Dean knew, when he made this blank face, that Castiel could tell he was lying. All the way back to the days when they would sit side by side in old, stuffy classrooms, before his sister in law had been killed, back when he knew nothing about monsters – he could tell, when he would ask Dean about his weekends, or his past, and Dean’s face would go blank like this, that he was lying.
What is he doing? He never calls, and neither does Dean, and that’s just how things are; an unspoken agreement to keep the status quo. Why did he ever think to change that? Why couldn’t things just stay the same?
“Yeah, I’m gonna take off,” said Meg, and he suspected she sensed this was another kind of intimate moment. “I have an exam to study for, and instead I’ve been wasting an hour and a half sitting on my ass waiting for you.”
The words pulled him to a stop. He felt detached. Cold. Calculating. Not hotheaded and angry like he’s been feeling for so long. He turned around to face Gordon.
Dean’s mind shot at him when he saw her. He would never tell her this – would never double-cross his own sense of privacy so viciously as to expose his feelings, any feelings, toward her, toward anyone – but she was, a little bit, his light at the end of the tunnel. She was smiley, and forgiving, and chatty, and all around very gay, and a lot of other things that Meg really wasn’t.
“A portrait?” Dean asked. “But it’s candy.” And he squinted at the pile like he was trying to find a face in it.
Castiel stepped out of the room, ignoring him, but Chuck hurried up after him and blocked his way. Which was just a little funny and just a little sad, because Castiel was taller than him, and broader than him, and sounder than him, and he didn’t have coffee stains all over his clothes.
“What is that supposed to mean?” Asked Castiel. There was an edge to his voice, and Dean’s hand moved to touch his elbow in warning.
“I think green is objectively a good color.” Dean glanced sideways at April and, seeing as she stopped at the sound of his voice, continued talking. “Not, like, the best, but it’s a strong one. You know? Orange is also good. It’s warm, but it’s mellow. I think orange might take the cake for me. Other colors are just too complicated, you know? Like pink, with the gender roles, or beige – nobody likes beige. Black is a spooky color…”
And now he saw it. To Dean, it was struggle. It was grief and a fight for survival and loneliness in a new town.
And still – despite the sticky floor, and the crowd, and all the mess between them – he felt that there was something really, really good there. And he wished he could feel it again.
“I overstepped,” said Charlie. “I talked to the guys, you know. They're worried about you. I told them you probably just wanted to be alone, but they said, he won't return our calls, he's all alone in there, feeling like he's the only person going through this. He needs someone to remind him there might be another way. So... here. There's another way, Cas, if you want it. All you gotta do is call. I'll be on the other end. We all will.”
Dean shook his head. “‘I had a great time’, ‘I’d love to do this again’, ‘your eyes look beautiful in the moonlight. No ‘thank you’.”
“I came back,” said Dean, watching him, desperate for him to understand. “And it was all so complicated, anyway. I was still processing it myself. And then your dad died, and Claire came along, and everything else was shoved aside.”
Dean had let out a breath of relief. He’d made himself look at Cas deliberately. “Cas, we're talking about this in
It’s only been a couple of months, anyway. But in those months, they both clung to each other like they insisted the other would be the one to let go first.
He was speechless. She leaned forward, and put a hand on his shoulder. “You’re the top of your class, Castiel.”
“So tell me more about this Dean fella,” whispered Gabriel on his left when they were settled into their spots on the rug, the room dark. To his right, Balthazar stirred and rolled over to face them. “Yeah, what’s he like when he’s not aiming a gun at someone?”
A few feet further down was the end of their path. It opened into a big, round cave. Drops of water dripped onto the slick surface below from a damp stone ceiling, and the wet sound of them hitting the floor echoed through the cave.
“But it is,” said Dean, looking at their hands. “Sam's my responsibility. Charlie got into hunting because of me. Bobby's taken care of us, and now it's my job to look after him.”
He looked up at Cas, and caught him sneaking a glance back at him. His customer was a middle-aged man in clothes that were way too fancy for any possible position in this godforsaken town. He was gradually raising his voice, complaining about the prices with passionate hand gestures. Cas didn’t seem particularly impressed.
Castiel fought back his smile. “My history exam is tomorrow,” he said, sending a hand to touch Dean’s arm, and stopping himself short. “I hate to say it, Dean, but-“
“And what village would that be,” Metatron continued, stepping towards Castiel cautiously, “the one you so kindly spread the treasure in?”
Castiel walked towards him, his thoughts racing in an attempt to form a plan to tackle Dean and prevent him from jumping into the water, but then Dean’s head tilted sideways, and Castiel was close enough to see a cotton ball stuck in Dean’s ear.
“Sure," he said. "I’m taking your computer.” He sat down next to the dining table to open Dean’s laptop.
“I think he knew exactly what he was doing,” said Dean. He’d long stopped telling people where he worked when they asked.
He just didn’t get it. His brother’s obsessive search for an explanation, for a happy ending. Cas was the love of his life for a good long while, and then one day he just disappeared. Maybe he died. Maybe he had a good reason for it. Or maybe he just left. It didn’t matter; Dean’s heart turned to stone all the same, and it wasn’t planning on opening up to anyone anytime soon. And it wasn’t like he could grab a search party and go on a search –
“The weirdest thing just happened,” he said. He certainly looked like someone who’s just witnessed the weirdest thing. He closed the door behind Castiel, staring at him like he was about to grow wings right inside Dean's no-bedroom apartment. Then he shook his head, and in one moment – as if all at once he realized how strangely he was acting – his expression smoothed. “So how did your day go?”
“I was sleeping.” Dean’s voice was gruff and defensive. He kept the door half-opened, standing under the lintel to block his visitors’ view into the room. He hoped Cas has found his way out by now, but there was no harm in being extra careful.
“Can we focus on the dead person part?” Asked Castiel. “This is hardly the time for introducing our families to each other.” He pulled Dean back into the kitchen.
“We are going out of the parking lot and into your room,” said Dean. “And I’m gonna help you study. Or watch you study. Or play Candy Crush while you study.”
thing, Castiel noticed. Whenever something real seeped out, he would shut it off with a smirk and an arrogant comment.
Dean felt a sting in his chest, partly for her crude accusation, and partly because of the hurt in her voice. He hadn’t realized just how fondly she felt about that little weird dude.
"We should have left it at the hospital," said Castiel. "Or given it away to social services. It shouldn't be here."
“So how’s flower arranging?” Charlie asked halfway through the morning, one eyebrow raised in what seemed to be very poorly veiled skepticism.
Dean shook the rain off his hair and started taking chairs off tables while Meg handled the cash register. It was almost eight-thirty, which meant opening time, which meant getting ready to get yelled at by hangry customers who really needed a chocolate croissant right away or else.
“Everything alright?” Castiel asked. Dean shook his head like he was shaking away his troubled thoughts, and smiled at him.
“I shall pick a bride in the next few days,” he said, feeling a cloud of weary resentment settling over him. He shall pick a bride who likes steak, so that in the very least he will spend the rest of his life eating what he wishes to eat.
Admittedly, there was something questionable about it. And maybe it was this new shift that was in the works this week – from the burden of lying and sneaking around to a kind of exposure he had no control over – that made him just a little bit more open to the idea of inviting disaster into his life.
“I know, buddy.” His brother put his box down, too, and looked down the hallway. Someone fell asleep there, on the floor in the middle of the hall. The two of them stepped forward – and stopped on their tracks. It wasn’t someone; it was Shelley.
Dean couldn’t help but feel bitter, bitter, bitter, that everyone else seemed to get what they wanted, and he had to go about life being beaten down by it again and again, and hating every moment of it.
Lilith was lying on the ground, motionless. Blood was... Everywhere. A horrifying amount of it. But Lilith – Lilith was dead.
“Where’s the challenge in doing it straight?” Castiel asked, and then looked away. It didn’t even make sense. From the corner of his eye he saw Dean looking away too, smiling softly.
Cas pulled him up in one strenuous motion, and it was all Dean could do to cling on to him not to lose his balance and fall down.
He just wished, for one night, to be able to understand someone like no one else did, and to be understood without judgment in return. He couldn’t imagine a better person who could give him that.
Castiel didn’t quite know how he got himself into this situation. Stumbling backwards on a wavering ship that has long sailed away from New England, he held a silver sword in his one hand and a shorter, three-faced blade in the other as half a dozen men in blue uniforms pointed their fancy bullet spitters at him.
But every other word is true. He just… He’s listened to every single song of Dean’s as soon as he was able to since they were sixteen, Dean playing around with a guitar in his bedroom and Castiel tucked into a corner of the small room, watching him. And every song was more clever and funny and well thought out than the last. But almost none of them were about love. Because Dean Winchester doesn’t do love, not really. And that fact is what Castiel has been holding onto for way too long. But now… Something’s changed, it seems.
They should have stepped down but they stood there, unsteady, taller than anything else in the store, kings of the aisles for a few moments more. Cas’ fingers were loosely wrapped around Dean’s elbow, steadying them both. He looked into Dean’s eyes like Dean couldn’t imagine anyone else looking. Like no one had looked before. And he didn’t move. It felt like the most precious moment of Dean’s life, standing right here, wobbling slightly under the fluorescents. He could feel the warmth of Cas’ breath against his face.
He didn’t owe her anything. It wasn’t like she was so informative about her own private life. And still, he couldn’t help but feel bad. The kind of bad that set camp in his stomach and wouldn’t move.
“And that’s where his true colors came out. His skill. His talent. His hard work paid off when his attitude changed and he took this class seriously. And his final assignment won him the school’s yearly
He put the sweater down and sighed. “What am I going to do without you for two weeks,” he said quietly.
“You’re rusty,” Dean countered. His eyes were playful now. “I go on longer hunts, more often, and do more field work.”
Inside, everything was themed. The game stands and the food stands were painted in black and red stripes; the employees standing at every booth were wearing black and red; even the lighting poles had roses taped to them.
Castiel already felt his chest flood with a thick, horrible feeling, like he was sinking into hot lava knowing he had no way to stop it from suffocating him. But Dean said one more thing.
He leaned in closer. Their lips touched, soft and perfect and lingering for just a second before Dean pulled away and their heavy breaths mixed together. And then Dean leaned in again and this time it was intense and passionate and Castiel felt himself frown and pull Dean closer and when he pulled away Dean breathed, “Got it?” And he couldn’t find the part in his brain that controlled his movements to shake his head so he breathed back a
“Okay, well, that's not really relevant anymore.” A night guard appeared around a corner, and he pulled Dean back the way they came. For a moment they were pressed together between two walls, and he could see Dean’s afire eyes, feel him breathe.
“Um…” The man stuttered back. The outside light illuminated half his freckled face, light catching in one emerald eye. “Not… Stealing food?” Collecting the loot into his arms, he stood up bunglingly. “You’re, uh…” He squinted at Castiel. “Oh, shit.”
“Very early lunch break,” Cas said with growing restlessness, still looking at Dean. “Can we talk for a moment?”
“I was just saying you have a lovely home,” Dean said to her. There was a box of donuts on the coffee table between their armchairs and hers.
Dean nodded and looked at his compass, waiting until his dragon made a sharp turn left. Then he lay out the page on his dragon’s deep blue neck and scribbled on it. Castiel could see the tension in his jaw – he was gritting his teeth. The wind ruffling his hair violently in every direction, his eyes wide and the line of his shoulders strong, his figure seemed wild and impressive. Restless and still forceful, like the sea itself. Castiel’s chest filled with a foolish longing to stay in his moment and watch Dean for the rest of his lonely life.
“You fight. I’ll create a distraction,” he said. “There’s just one thing you have to remember: they can only use the go-to-sleep-er once.”
The doors close behind him, but he’s still looking into Cas’ eyes. When the train starts moving, Dean’s eyes leave his face, and Castiel can breathe again.
He finished and noticed that the look in Dean’s eyes had changed. His eyebrows were pulled together in bewilderment. Castiel pursed his lips and waited for the next question, or for the strike of a sword.
“Right. Okay.” Dean got up, glancing at him. “I’m sure she’s okay,” he said before leaving the room.
scared of him. He could barely imagine what this boy who held his hand and led him carefully through a garden might do to make anyone afraid of him. To make anyone feel unsafe around him.
They stared at her with a stunned kind of slight terror. A terror her own face slowly started to mirror.
Dean followed her down the stairs with half the seniors class trailing behind him, holding their faces and groaning in pain.
“We're hunters,” he said, slow and gentle, no harsh edges in his tone. “What kind of a life is that? We come from two broken families. Our kid wouldn't even have any grandparents. We're very likely going to die on a job and even if we don't, what kind of normal could a kid have with two hunter parents?”
He paused his worrying to watch her for a moment – her wavy dark hair, the careless way she was sprawled on her chair. There was something irresistible about her. If he didn't have a boyfriend, she'd probably be rejecting him for the twelve-hundredth time right about now.
“There’s details about creatures I’ve never even heard of in here,” said Dean, bewildered. He turned it over to examine the cover, and something fell from it. Sam crouched down to pick it up.
“This party is stupid, and I have more important things to do,” said Kevin during break, leaning his elbows on the backrest of a chair he'd moved to face the group.
“You live together?” Jo asked quietly. Her dejection was unmistakable. She was quick to cover it with a smooth expression.
He walked around for a while, hands tucked in his sweatpants pockets, not having a particular destination in mind. And what would be a reasonable destination, with every single house’s lights turned off, with no shelter from the cold and the wet in sight?
Eventually, he heard footsteps on the stairs. A moment later, Dean felt a hand on his shoulder. He shrugged it off.
It didn’t matter much. Cas didn’t look his way once. But the strange, detached atmosphere of the house, added to the stream of people passing by them, created some sense of cold isolation. So, when he felt a hand come to rest on his–
“I didn’t,” he said. “I was out of ideas, and it was something stupid that kept nagging me.” He hesitated; he didn’t want Bobby to think he conducted his investigations on arbitrary, insignificant details. Even if that’s exactly what he did. “Last week, I heard Dean mumble in his sleep.”
“Yes. Bury the body, make sure no one ever finds out, etcetera etcetera. We don't want any stories to start spreading, do we?”
And he didn’t mind the walk. It didn’t take more than twenty minutes, and it was a stroll through the clean and homey neighborhood of his school and into the classier one where he lived.
“It wasn’t always on purpose,” Cas said with his mouth half full, and there was a wave of laughter through the table. Dean felt Cas’ eyes on him and resisted the urge to roll his eyes, because he knew Cas wasn’t kidding.
In three years of history classes, today was the first day something remotely remarkable happened to, because, or in the presence of Mr. Man.
There was a shift on the bed behind him, and he knew the movement well enough to know Dean was propping himself up on his elbow. “I’m scared.”
Meg. Cas’ friend. Or girlfriend. Dean couldn’t tell; but his heart sank all the same. He smiled at Cas awkwardly and slid off the boxes. Meg nodded at him as he passed by her on his way to the register. He didn’t want to get in the way of anything.
“He’ll walk it off,” said Michael. “Next time something happens, ask someone else to call.” And he hung up.
Castiel’s limbs felt a little like they were about to fall off his body and roll across the floor. When he saw Meg looking around amidst a group of people, he avoided eye contact and went straight outside.
It became ruthlessly apparent when he looked up at the kitchen, and saw Dean standing by the counter: he was dreaming.
“Remember how you said we could do something else that’s not a trip?” Dean raised his eyebrows deliberately. “We’ve got tomorrow morning free.”
“Oh,” said Dean, feigning disappointment. He worked to remember other names he hadn’t made sure yet Cas had lost interest in. “Hael?”
“Truth or dare!” She screeched at him excitedly. And holy Lucifer in heaven if he was going to fall into the French kiss trap. He’d rather throw Meg into
“I’m not gonna wear a fuckin’-“ He grunted and loosened the loop of his tie. He did hate them. “This shit means a lot to my mom, okay? I just wanna look decent for her.”
“Now,” Dean breathed. His jaw tensed as he looked down and tried to measure the distance they’d be falling through, or maybe their chances of survival. His dear, beautiful face was open with awe. “Now we jump.”
Dean turned back. A few rows behind him, Charlie was glaring at him, mouthing something silent aggressively. He squinted to catch the mute words on her lips.
"Marcy," he said nervously. "What are you doing here? Um, come in." He moved for her to be able to walk in. "Cas, this is my neighbor from the first floor." He gestured at Castiel. "That's Cas. He's my..." They exchanged quick glances.
“Stay back,” Dean called while Castiel was still absorbing the situation, his voice strained, and Castiel realized that Dean was going through the same process he was: waking up, struggling to shake off his shock; comprehension, and decision.
“I won’t,” said Dean, and shook his empty hand expectantly. Reluctantly, suspiciously, Cas placed a hand in his. Dean's fingers tightened around it.
“Don’t get him started,” Meg cut him off. Charlie dug a hand into her pocket and handed him her magnetic card.
For a moment, they looked at each other, and there was something soft in Dean’s eyes. Then his expression broke into a smile. He said,
"You know what," he said, about to stand up, but Claire grabbed the remote and pushed the fast-forward button. It skipped through the video first and into the second one.
“That’s not it,” Dean said. He tripped over a root in the ground. Cas’ grip tightened. “If I wanted to beat them up, I know I could do it. I know I could seriously hurt them.”
If he was being honest with himself, he could have told his mom Cas was lying that night after the exhibition, that the two of them didn’t stand each other and that Cas only said what he said to upset Dean. He wanted to believe that he didn’t quite know why he didn’t come forth, but that would be a lie. He did know – he was hoping that someday, his fake-friendship with Cas might come in useful. And to his discontent, that day has come.
Dean shrugged again. It felt like a good tactic: adults were helpless in the face of shrugging teenagers. They just didn’t know what to do with them. “I’ve got zero interest in writing about my feelings,” he said. “And I’ve got minus three billion interest in anyone seeing it. So, do the math.”
“Well, obviously,” Dean said, without looking up. “We were grappling on the floor for like, five minutes.”
Dean left his first period classroom not knowing his day was about to get food poisoning, then throw up all over the floor.
“Call me a brunette and I’ll break your neck,” Castiel replied, and that was the end of the conversation.
He pursed his lips hard, if only to let Dean know he was dissatisfied. “Do you really think we're ready?” He asked.
“You cheated in Sock Slide. Once a cheater...” He trailed off absently. His thoughts were already elsewhere. He watched Cas, watched the box straining beneath his feet, watched the box straining beneath that one... and slid off his box.
“I’m sorry,” he said and handed it to him. “We don’t have an extra mattress. I can take the sleeping bag, if you want.”
Castiel watched him for a moment. Then he said, “It’s alright. I’ll just be in the guest room. If anyone is looking for me, tell them I just... I need to be alone for a while.”
And so they did. Now Dean was wearing a sloppy button-up, and Castiel was in a T-shirt and a brown leather jacket.
For a few moments, Dean stood in place and watched him pick books off shelves like apples from a tree. Just the sight made his chest a little warmer.
“Right,” he said and sat up in the bed. The room was dark, only lit by the soft orange glow of the streetlights outside, and the more he stared tiredly into the space, the more his eyes adjusted to the familiar dark shapes of it.
He couldn’t say no. But he didn’t want to say yes. There was no way they’d leave him be without a good reason for not wanting to go – especially Jo. The Roadhouse meant a lot to her.
“Dean,” he said. “I know Krav Maga. No offense, but I’m probably stronger than you. I can take on some weird not-natural creatures.”
“Okay,” said Cas, and with his next sentence, Dean finally saw where he was getting at with this fiery look in his eyes. “Then you make my decisions for me.”
He left it, anyway. Did employees have to buy their own books, too? He’d never thought of that. Maybe Dean was just particularly irresponsible, which made sense to Castiel, seeing as he was supposed to be a senior.
“Yeah. Good,” Dean said. His eyes skimmed over the familiar racks and shelves packed with clothes. He didn’t know who decorated, but the space was appropriately gross. Christmas lights everywhere, giving off the questionable ambience of a brightly-lit magical forest of new clothes; mistletoe hanging from the high ceiling at the end of every aisle. They might as well have handed out flyers saying
They drank quietly. Castiel watched the sunlit room. He'd never seen the light hit it so brightly. He'd never been here before, at nine thirty in the morning, leaning against the counter and drinking coffee next to Dean. And he was pretty sure he could get used to this.
Dean hesitated. His mind raced trying to find an excuse to shut the door, but by the time he could stammer something out Jo had already ducked under his arm and walked into the room – from where there was a clear view into the washroom.
“Are you here because of your brother?” His father asked, and Castiel’s eyes settled on him again, somewhat uneasily.
She disappeared for a few minutes and came back with two rings for them to try. He put his on, watching Dean try his own.
“Me neither,” he said. He could barely remember a time where he wasn’t in school. It was hard to imagine being out – getting a job, being a grown up. Having a life. He hadn’t spent much time preparing for that part; maybe because he couldn’t picture it at all. It was like a fleeting dream, not something that felt like it might actually come true one day.
He emerged from between the stands and hoped to God no one took the same shortcut as he did. He looked around for Dean – and felt someone tap his shoulder.
. “Alright. Let’s take it step by step. We can have dinner, I’ll work my charm on them, they’ll love me, and once they’re convinced we’re an amazing couple, we’ll tell them.”
“Fine,” Jo exclaimed. “Don’t tell me. See if I care. You could at least have the decency to be a gentleman and tell us to leave.”
“A year and a half ago?” Bobby leaned back in his chair, and the look in his eyes was just what Castiel had prayed it wouldn’t be; defeated. “So she’s been around for much longer than we’d thought. She’s...” He swallowed thickly. “She’s much closer to Lucifer than we’d thought.”
“Not really,” he said. “They’ve all got better things to do now. You know how big brothers are…” His voice faded. “Sorry.”
“Remember the 2017 Incident?” The 2017 Incident was what they called the events of last year’s Halloween party, when Dean got drunk and made out with Deadpool for a good fifteen minutes until Charlie found them and dragged him away – ‘dragged’ not being an exaggeration – to get him home before his midnight curfew.
How do you express your feelings without opening yourself up to the possibility you might get hurt? How do you tell a person, without fear that your feelings will only end up causing you pain, without fear that he might take your heart and never give it back,
He sank back into his chair. “I can study at home if you can't stand me like this,” he said. “I can study in the library, or with Meg. I can study with... with April.”
“Yeah,” said Dean. “Okay.” He rolled the hem of his sleeve between his fingers. “So, anyway. How’s your family doing?”
“What’s wrong?” Asked Dean, watching Castiel's eyebrows pull together. He stepped closer and took a look at the screen, and then quickly clicked the tab closed, typing into the new tab:
“Yeah,” said the man, dropping the cynical edge to his voice, as if that was a standard thing for a man to say. “I know the feeling.” He took a watch and a small screwdriver out of his pocket and started… clashing them together.
“It wasn’t a date,” Dean hissed, lowering his voice although there was no one around. “It was a stupid school assignment.” He looked at the paper miserably. “What do I do?”
“Yeah.” He switched the car into Park. “So... She said, if I want, she’s decided to give me the opportunity to finish my diploma here.”
“What?” Cas frowned. He crossed his arms defensively – you could think Dean had just asked him for sexual favors.
He can hear furniture being dragged on the floor above him. The heating shuts off with a puff. Outside, some douchebag starts playing the guitar. Probably singing some cheesy love song for his girlfriend.
“My siblings can be impulsive since my father left. We had a fight once on the second floor balcony–”
“Alright, gang,” she said. “When I call your name, you’re going to come in here for a quick chat and then get your diploma. The rest of you can do whatever you want, but
“I’ll help,” said Gabriel, and grabbed a box of his own. Michael eyed them, wiping his hands on a towel, but said,
“He keeps staring at you in this longing way,” she said. “The way you stare at burgers while standing in line at the cafeteria.” She shifted suddenly. “Oh, hey, loser.”
Castiel didn’t answer, nor did his piercing expression soften. In his mind, he ran through his options. He knew Dean was right, although he wouldn’t admit it with a knife to his throat; he was outgunned, outmanned. Outnumbered and outplanned. There was no point in getting himself slain trying to keep his secret covert, for it was his own ass that this secret protected.
It didn’t feel like they did. But that didn’t matter, because they weren’t really the reason he was upset.
Someone jabbed their shoulder hard at his back when they passed him. “Killer,” they coughed. His ego didn’t bother feeling bruised. He gripped the strap of his bag tighter, watching Cas across the room. Nobody touched
“We can grab our balls later,” he heard Cas say behind him. They walked out of the room, glanced at one another, and turned in different directions wordlessly.
Castiel’s lips twisted into a smile for a split second. “Did you just make that up to make me feel better?”
“We’re not doing that,” Cas said, and tugged on his arm. Dean’s heart leaped into a pace several beats faster before his brain could even catch up on what was happening. Cas pulled him into the sock section and took two fluffy pairs off the shelf. “We’re sliding.”
“A demon would not get close to me unless I’m either tied up or unconscious,” he said. Castiel snorted.
Cas sighed and touched his shoulder again with a grimace. "Jack is human. I'm sure of it. He just happened upon the warehouse at the wrong time."
“Rescue dog called Charles you weren't allowed to pet.” They said that last part at the same time. Dean looked away to hide his smile. From the corner of his eye, he saw Cas look straight at him.
“What are you talking about,” said Dean, and his voice was a little hoarse. He cleared his throat. “This is
Dean let out a huff and tilted his face upwards. His fingers were still on his face, as if it would fall apart without him holding it together. His lips were covered in blood that flowed down his hand and trickled onto his wrist. Castiel broke into the group that was huddled around Dean, pushing past the coach and stopping before the twenty-year-old that sat on a bench.
Dean nodded, and Castiel leaned in to kiss him again. And again. And then he stood up, offering Dean his hand and pulling him up, too. His phone rang a second time, and he hit
He didn’t even know how to go about it. What was the point of poems when you didn’t want to say anything? He didn’t want to say
“What...” said a voice from below, suddenly, and there, at the mouth of the aisle, was a person attached to it. “...In hell are you doing, weirdoes?”
The tests were a blur. His thoughts were thick as tar. They checked his blood and his pulse and his sight and his memory.
“I’m serious,” Dean said, and mentally hit his head at how desperate he sounded as he was saying it.
"What's up?" Claire asked when he entered the living room. She took a look at his face and added, in her
“What the hell?” Jo was standing at the threshold, her hand clenched into a fist mid-motion by the open door. Behind her stood Sam, his arms crossed against his chest.  “You’ve taken, like, four minutes to open the door.”
“Her name is Meg,” he told Dean. “A lifetime with her might be tolerable.” He felt Dean’s eyes on him, but his mind was elsewhere.
“You saved my fish,” Dean remarked, having nothing else in mind that could make the situation less awkward. He stumbled onto his feet, face all red, and helped Castiel up.
“Already have one in my shoe,” Dean assured him. “And in case she finds that one – a pocketknife somewhere she’d never want to touch.”
Dean shrugged. “Not as drunk as I’m pretending to be.” He was stable in his seat now, with no need for additional support, but Castiel’s fingers were still resting against his chest.
Dean was waiting in the parking lot, leaning against his car. When Castiel approached he gestured at something behind him with his chin. Castiel turned to look: it was the graffiti.
“Oh, so you mean you’re not enjoying sitting here staring at each other like two idiots in love?” Dean smiled.
shift wasn’t a downer. It was rude. But he just couldn’t help it. He couldn’t help his wishful thinking. Cas turning to him and saying he wished Dean didn’t have to leave in the summer. Saying he looked at him differently, that he couldn’t help it. Saying Meg and him were just friends.
