When Castiel had finally lost the battle with his raging curiosity and asked about it, the alpha had just shrugged and said ‘Garth has mad skills.’
That was true; Angels did not.  But roughly a quarter of the human population was estimated to possess a dual nature:  Alpha, beta, or omega.
And here we have Clan Winchester: a History.  Also, that pesky heat thing is still an issue.  With so many pretty alphas around, there's really only one thing for an omega to do.  Unless that omega is Castiel.
“Truth, Dean.  Between us, always.  We made a deal.  I don’t know love, I’ve never experienced it.”  He looked up, drowning in a sea of brilliant emerald green.  “Please.  I need you to tell me this is real, not some selfless act to save my life.”
“Wow.  That sounds painful,” Dean commented idly.  “You know, all these knots are quick release.  One tug and I could free your thighs.  You could pump into me all you want, hard as you like.” His tone was deep, cajoling.  Teasing.  He wriggled slightly atop Cas to emphasize his point.
Sam turned and went inside.  He barely had his pants off before collapsing into bed. All was as it should be.  He slept.
If his open defiance bothered Dean, the Alpha hid it well.  Then again, Dean had never seemed to give much of a rat’s ass about formal displays of submission, as long as his people did what he told them to.
Sam didn’t say anything.
Occasionally another man balls out came on to him, brazen as hell.  It took Dean by surprise every damn time.  He didn’t much know how to handle open appreciation like that.  Sometimes he was suave; more often he turned stammery and tried to find a manly yet polite way to back away.  But when he was specifically on the prowl for some guy on guy time, all bets were off.  Confused, uncomfortable Dean was nowhere to be found.
Brunette was clearly the most experienced of the three, Dean decided.  She didn’t try to take all of him in one gulp. Instead, she worked her way slowly up, moving her perfect mouth along his shaft.  Now if only her tongue twisted along his under-vein, but no, that was a very specific, unique move.
Barely two hours after he’d first left and Dean was back in his hotel showering off the whole encounter.  Surprise; Sam still wasn’t back.
“That’s exactly what I mean,” Sam replied evenly.  “It’s been burnt down by rogues.  The majority of her pack was taken out.  Most of those capable of providing protection are dead or wounded.”
Castiel glanced down between the slats of the steps.  The ground really was fascinating.  He sighed.  He knew what he had to do, and he was not looking forward to it at all.
Castiel slid against the Bunker wall to the ground, unaware he’d curled into a ball as his conscious mind again became overwhelmed, fully enmeshed in Dean’s terror.  Together, they struggled endlessly, desperate, fighting for a single precious gulp of air.
Hearing his name hollered, Dean set down the crate he’d been helping to haul towards the outer edge of town where his little caravan was camped.  He glanced over at Sam’s call, turning to follow his brother’s line of sight to the right to see what Sam was looking at.
He finished up and went back to the room, confirming that Sam continued to sleep on, oblivious to their nocturnal visitor.  That was good.  If Dean had his way, Sam would never find out about tonight.  Dean put on a different set of clothes and dug the whisky bottle out from the side of the bed, downing the remaining contents in a few swallows.
Castiel is ready to take Dean up on his standing offer.  He just has to figure out how.  And as he learned from Sam Winchester, when in doubt, there's always research.
Sam had not heard that.  Nope.  La La La.  He busied himself with thinking about the ritual ahead.  He hoped Castiel was right, and it’d go more smoothly than the last time.   But still, he’d make sure to hide all the hammers.
“I don’t care what you have to do.  Knock over a gas station, pick freaking pockets.  You will not allow a man touch you again.  Not like that.  Do you understand me?”  He demanded, voice ice-cold.
“Now he’s getting it,” Dean said. He turned to his brother.
“Fine, fine,” Dean muttered, allowing Sam to help him fit the thing across his chest.  “But when half the pack thinks I’m broken and challenges me you’ll have no one but yourself to blame.”
The seamless combination of packs wasn’t the only aspect unique to the Winchester Clan.  Traditional roles and norms seemed next to irrelevant.  They attracted oddities and unusual types like flies to honey.  Their head cook was an alpha.  Beta guards led hunts and patrols in concert with their alpha counterparts, and omegas seemed to do whatever the hell jobs they wanted.
“I had no idea.  None.  You never said anything.”  Suddenly enraged, Castiel shoved Dean back against the wall.  “You love me?  You idiot!  Why didn’t you ever say anything?”
Having vented all his contained anger, and really, he was still trying to rein in the blood-high from the fight, Dean turned his back on the stunned omega and lifted his box again, choking back a grunt as his shoulder popped.
They’d been having sex virtually nonstop for the better part of a week.  Dean didn’t bother with foreplay and Cas would have snarled at him if he had.  This was about connecting, as deeply as possible.
“I’ll be fine,” Castiel agreed.  He believed it.  Trying not to be charmed by the impossibly cheerful omega was a losing proposition.
Reminder, Chapter 2 is completely unrelated. It takes place during the Leviathon/Dick Roman times, shortly after Ghost Bobby's flask was melted.
While his mouth turned its attention to his right nipple, Dean swiped up a palmful still-warm come and wrapped his fist around Cas’ cock.  He began to stroke rhythmically while his tongue continued to relentlessly tease the sensitive nipple.  The noises Cas made for him were delicious, satisfying his inner omega that he was pleasing their partner.
Sam really, really hadn’t wanted to allow Rowena out from the old warehouse where he’d stashed her, but Charlie was in the wind, and Dean…  well, Sam’s idiot of an older brother just had to go and get himself killed again.  The moron.
The happily mated couple need to come out sometime.  Enter Sam, stage left.
That was not entirely true.  Meg knew.  But he hadn’t told her.  She’d found out on accident, and for all that she was a sarcastic little bitch the vast majority of the time, she was also true and loyal friend.  She’d kept his secret.
For the most part, Dean had never much seemed to care one way or the other how the sex worked out, as long as it ended in orgasms.  Except when grief or rage powered him, when he worked out his darker emotions on Cas willing, and endlessly strong body.   Cas had always enjoyed that level of his Hunter’s passion and was glad he could be there for him in that capacity, though it saddened him that Dean hurt so deeply.
“Easy, you,” Dean gentled him down again, kissing back with a teasing nibble.  “I’ve got this.”  The soft velvet of Dean's lips traveled down and along his neck, eliciting a shiver.
“If you insist,” Castiel purred.  He slid to his knees, gripping a firm, round cheek in either hand, massaging gently.  He spread them wide, leaning in to lick experimentally at the slick-wet hole.
It was seldom one of his preferred positions, though it tended to be somewhat inevitable.  However, with Dean it turned out to be an amazing way to fuck, penetration-wise, and gave Cas leave to maneuver his body back onto Dean’s cock at a speed and depth of his choosing.
“Right.  Whatever,” Dean muttered, but he couldn't conceal the smile directed down at the young lady.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean tossed him onto the bed, ignoring Cas’ grumble of protest.
“Is that a heat bribe?” Ellen asked curiously.
(I did a bitch/jerk moment.  Look, the opportunity presented itself and I’ve always wanted to do one, damnit.)
“Why do you do this to yourself, huh?” Dean asked, his voice gruff as he carried Castiel through the woods.  “Are a few days of crazy, wild sex really worth making yourself sick over?”
Sam sighed.  Dean wouldn’t talk about it if he asked.  He hadn’t when he and Cas had first started going bump in the night, and he almost certainly wouldn’t now.
He surged forward and slammed Dean back against the wall, gripping him hard by his arms.  He didn’t realize in his anger that he was leaving bruises, and Dean didn’t complain about the too-tight hold.
There.  Done.  Itch officially scratched.  Now maybe he could get the haunting blue gaze of that freaking Castiel creature out of his head.
Castiel’s telling silence made her giggle.  They sat in silence for a short while, watching the fire pop and spark.
Dean had automatically spun with the momentum so he hit the wall with his back, facing forward.  He looked up into John’s eyes and swallowed.  “I’m sorry, sir.”
But Dean wasn’t his.  This has been an act of charity, given in the name of healing.  And then, thanks to Castiel’s lack of control, it became a raging monster borne of mutual need, as several shattered pieces of bunker furniture could attest to.
It was Dean who eventually found him, of course.   Castiel was at the north edge of pack territory, deep in the woods with no clear recollection of how he’d gotten there.  A benign glow from the half moon filled the night, the bright Cheshire smile holding court over a star laden night.
Ellen took a seat, accepting the covered meal Sam handed her.  It was still steaming.  Venison steak, mashed tubers, and a generous chunk of thick bread.  Delicious.
Once Bobby spilled all Sam had told them from the brother’s arachne hunt, he sat in his chair and thought.  A quick phone call to the boys reassured him they’d taken a break from hunting their evil twins for a routine ghost hunt out in Pennsylvania.  They should be fine on their own for a bit.  Plenty of time for him to take a trip out to Colorado and see what all the fuss was about.
Cas started off determinedly down the hill, a faint echo of dark wings shadowing the ground in his wake.  He glanced back at Sam.  “Give me some time, though.  Twenty minutes ought to be sufficient.”  The teacup screamed in sheer feminine ecstasy.
“Yes,” Cas groaned.  “Please, yes.  I’m sorry.”
‘’Quit being a baby and wear the damn sling,” Castiel heard Sam lecturing as he neared the shared fire pit at the rear of Alpha Row.
Cas wasn’t sure how much of what he was thinking was showing in his expression, but whatever he’d let slip; it was enough to wipe the smile from Dean’s face.  Castiel had hurt him, again.
Clan Harvelle was the closest thing the Winchesters had to neighbors.  A few years back, the small pack suffered grievous losses.  Sensing chum in the water, the pack was ruthlessly plagued by raiders and thieves.  Out of options, they petitioned to be absorbed by the fiercely aggressive Winchester Clan.  The Alpha Female, Ellen Harvelle, had been ready to give up her life for a safe place for her daughter and what was left of her people.  The Winchesters had a reputation for looking after their own.
“They will,” Castiel told him as the hunter’s jumped to their tasks.  “A deal made with the Silver City Pack is sacrosanct.”
The advertised omega was unceremoniously shoved into the prize corral, the gate locked firmly behind him.  The male was bound at the wrists with a long chain, the far end dragging in the dirt behind him.  Dean found that interesting. It was a curious amount of precautions for a lone omega.  They weren’t exactly renowned for their violent tendencies.
Rowena had managed to acquire a bottle of whisky from somewhere and was drinking enthusiastically, a cheery smile on her ruby red lips, while the cuppa tea continued to faithfully project several feminine whimpers and moans, plus the occasional delighted scream, paired with deep masculine grunts of effort.
Cas didn’t have much of anything to use to stake a similar claim.  After a moment, he removed his baby blue Gas N Sip employee issue vest, neatly folded it into quarters, and set it on the other bed, before taking a seat as well.  He was a little tired, but not physically exhausted by any means.   The tasks required of him for his job weren’t exactly straining, physically or mentally.
“Well, yeah,” Dean replied.  “I mean, it’s been a minute since I banged a dude, and even then I usually top, but sex is sex, and great sex is its own form of medicine.”  Dean sat up beside him, weight on his left arm, grinning cheekily down, his right arm lazily draped over his chest.
“Well, of course he is,” Ellen, replied.  “Those bastards would have stormed us to demand a rematch otherwise.”
“Jealous of the girl, big guy?” Dean baited him with a deliberate smirk, rolling his hips against Castiel’s erection.  “Well?  Gonna do something about it?”
Two of the most powerful, dangerous alphas he’d ever met were staring each other down, and he, an omega that both had some claim to, was stuck between them.  This was one wrong move away from bloodshed.
Dean’s shivers picked back up, but he stayed still.  Waiting.
Dean shrugged.  “Just putting it out there.”
“Are you always so attentive with your lovers?”
Dean looked satisfied.  “We did good with them, Sammy.  And I’m gonna remind those whiny bitches about this the next time I get crap about running drills.”
“Never.”
An instant later and he was shoving his dick back inside Castiel's body, slamming his hips till they were snug against his balls.  Cas screamed as the rough intrusion filled him to the brink of his tolerance and past.
“Cas…”
Castiel thought he’d understood the rules of designations.  Alphas ruled, bred, protected.  Betas were the soldiers.  They carried out alpha orders, performed day-to-day tasks, and had the liberty to choose alphas, other betas or omegas to take to mate, though producing offspring was less common.  Omegas handled the domestics; they bore pups, cooked, and cleaned.
“Well, that was fun,” he announced as leapt up and hopped the fence to join Benny and Sam.  "You two finish up with our supplies and I’ll go collect our new pack mate and meet you back at the trucks.”
Dean winced.  “Yeah. I figured.  But he’s okay?”
Dean fought back against the rough onslaught, plying all his strength against the angel’s, to no avail.  He’d admitted to Cas in the past that the angel was the only man Dean had ever been with that had the sheer physical strength to hold him down during sex.  And he’d had no trouble admitting to Cas that he liked it.  A lot.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean shrugged, plopping down on the couch.  “Nothing special.  Do me a favor, Sam?”
Castiel moved until they were chest-to-chest, and leaned up just enough to claim the hunter’s lips in a possessive kiss.  Dean kissed back, of course.  He always did.  He could be midway through an argument about why they weren’t doing this (again) or spitting angry with Cas, but he always kissed back.
Castiel groaned as a new burst of agony wracked his body, desperately fighting to free his limbs, though he’d long ago determined that escape was impossible. He’d been very effectively bound by a true master of the craft.  He wasn’t going anywhere any time soon.
Dean jerked his gaze off Sam’s retreating back, and spun around in a sharp 180, glaring hard at Castiel.
Dean wasn’t completely past their unfortunate meeting with Sam; his Alpha still very much at the fore.  He wanted Castiel to beg. Fine, then.  Cas would oblige, eventually.  But Dean would have to work for it.
“There is that,” Castiel agreed.
Dean looked about ready to spit fire.  “Yes, it is.  And this conversation is over.  Thank you for the pizza, Sam. Thank you for running your trap, Cas.”
Hours after Dean had done every possible thing he could think of to bolster their aging ride and reluctantly headed back in, Dean decided that he’d had about all he could of existing in the same damn room.  Cabin fever was a bitch and Dean needed out.  Of course, he couldn’t exactly head out to the local bar like normal.  For starters, the closest one was the better part of an hour out; secondly they were in hiding for a reason.
Sam smacked him in the shoulder.  “Shut it.  You know what would have happened if we let the Fangs get him.  He’s safer with us.  I’m proud of you, Dean.”
“Idiot,” Dean interrupted him, voice heavy and languid.  “You didn’t hurt me.  I’m an omega, remember?  My body is built for this.”
Brunette had removed her shirt and bra, revealing plump, firm breasts with tiny pink nipples.  Dean didn’t think; he reached out and grabbed her waist, pulling her chest to his mouth to taste.
“Good riddance, you feathered dick,” he muttered rising to pad to the shower for a quick scrub up in the blessedly hot water.
It was in Sam’s instant acceptance that he was able to find that last one.  It was enough that Sam had his back.
God’s honest truth.  And Sam wasn’t telling his brother half of it.  Why burden Dean with things that couldn’t be fixed?  And that right there might be the unfortunate answer to Sam’s own unasked question.
Dean growled, his mouth stuffed with pot roast.
Charlie also pointed out a distant rocky area with several large boulders, which apparently opened into a number of underground caves.  The caves had been set up as a distillery and storage for the pack’s production of Hunter’s Helper, the pack’s major trade commodity.
So, this is mostly smut cleverly hidden beneath a thin veneer of angst.  Like ice cream with that magic shell stuff on top.  The chocolate shell is the angst.
“He’s mine, Sam.  My kill.”
Castiel had no interest in the beer, really.  There were a select few human consumables that he had developed a taste for.  Beer was not one of them.  But he’d come to realize that the brothers handing each other beers was a subtle ritual, a sign of caring for the other, though they probably didn’t recognize it as such.  Including him in micro-behaviors such as this was a sign of familial affection and he’d decided some time ago to accept the bitter, hop-infused water with good grace.
“Now this?  This is really gonna be something.”  Dean sank slowly onto Cas screamingly sensitive cock, clenching on the glide down.  The sensation of his cock gripped tight, while the vibrator filled his ass, buzzing merrily away, was too much.  He screamed, balls clenched as they struggled to tighten and rise, to finally grant him relief.  Only to be blocked again by the damned ring. Cas gasped, clinging to his last reserves as Dean picked up the pace.
Purple hair smiled impishly, lowering her face to his cock.  “You swallowed eight inches?  Skilled move, there.  Not for the faint of heart.”
“I understand.”
The rest of the trip was much the same, until day three when the sky decided to mix things up by pouring rain down on them.   The soaked group gritted their teeth and kept moving.
-------------------
“Well, won’t that just be just barrels of fun.  Go to sleep, Sammy. You look like shit.”
Before Magog could recover Dean kicked out, nailing the giant in the knee joint, feeling it shatter beneath his boot.  Roaring in pain, the giant fell to his knees.  Dean spun around to his opponent’s back, clamping the giant in a headlock and choking with all his strength.  The giant rose to his feet, taking Dean up with him, and in an astonishing display of brute strength, flipped the 200 pounds of Winchester over his shoulder to the ground.  The watching crowd howled in approval at the power move.
“We can’t do this,” Dean growled, struggling hard to get out from under Cas’ grip even as his hips thrust back to meet the angel’s dexterous fingers.
But they wouldn’t be any good to her injured or dead, and there was nothing of value left in that pile of burnt wood and rebar; it was best left to the ghosts.
Cas shifted his hips, successfully dislodging his body from Dean’s.  He rolled away from the Alpha’s natural furnace of body heat, placing a firm hand on his chest and pushing him flat on his back when Dean made to follow.
What it was was a death sentence.  Castiel had staked a mating claim, and he’d done so without consent, or permission.  It was the gravest violation of a person, his greatest fear.  And he’d just done it to Dean.
“Mystery guy,” she replied, smiling in amusement.   She reached over, slowing her movements when Castiel drew away.  “Easy.  I just have a blanket for you.”
“What do you see?” Dean asked curiously, noticing the way Cas stared about him in fascination.
Dean raised his voice, the deep tones resounding through the clearing.  “It’s decided.  For the good of the pack, the Winchester Alpha Duo is officially becoming a Triumvirate."
Castiel wasn’t exactly sure what he should do with that information, so for the moment he followed Sam’s lead and pretended as well.  Sam knew better than anyone how to manage his older brother.
------------------
He leaned forward.  ‘Okay, first rule.  Lube is your friend.  You can literally never use too much…”
Turning on his heels, Castiel left Dean’s house, striding into the deepening twilight towards his house.
“Dean, I’m sorry,” he whispered.  What possible else was there to say?
It was more sensation than Cas could handle.  He didn’t know what to do, whether to buck into the perfect glide along his dick or raise his chest into the sharp bite of teeth.  He writhed, nearly bucking Dean off him as he tried some combination of both, seeking out more sensation in both places.
“What?” Cas asked before he gasped at a particularly sensitive slide of skin against skin.  “I don’t understand that…oh!”
Cas’ eyes narrowed dangerously.  “Make it thirty.”  Turning, he marched towards the distant hay bale.
Apparently he’d managed to do the impossible and actually scare the man.  Real fear filled the omega’s eyes, though he stayed firmly upright, levelly meeting Dean’s gaze.  Swallowing, he obediently approached.
“Once I had his undivided attention, I slid off the pants.  Slowly, inch by inch.”
Castiel was aware that there was any number of things Dean was good at.  He was the greatest living Hunter of his time.  He was astute, and protective, fierce as a bear when protecting those that needed it.   He was clever, and excellent with strategy.  But Castiel had no idea just how good Dean was at riding a cock.
Sebastian reluctantly handed the phone back.  “Okay.  Okay.  I see now why I was put on this earth.  It was to give you the education you need to screw the ever-loving fuck out of that burning hunk of man-meat.  Hopefully, many, many times.”
Before Dean could give voice the outrage that was clearly on his face, Ellen cut him off.
An eternity later, Dean apparently decided he was sufficiently dry and wrapped the too small towel low around his hips.  He bowed his head, gaze focused on the towel as he tucked the corners in to keep the fabric in place.
The hand on Cas’ head slid to his shoulders, pressing insistently down.  Cas obeyed the silent cue, sinking to his knees.  He took just a moment to nuzzle at the crotch at his eye level before making quick work of the button and zipper.
Castiel followed.  The short car ride was quiet, but not uncomfortably so.  He waited in the car while Dean went to the motel’s front office to trade his single king for a pair of beds.  Dean emerged a minute later and led the way to a corner room.
Dean panted below him, sweat slicked and sated.  Cas released his lover’s wrists, healing the spattering of small, fingertip sized bruises.  As for the inner soreness, he let that be, knowing his lover enjoyed the lingering sensation of being marked.  Cas slid his hand along the length of silky, heated muscle and graceful curve of Dean’s lower back in an act of pure hedonism.  Dean was truly one of the most beautiful of all God’s creations.  For him, Castiel, one of the mightiest fighters in Heaven’s garrison, had irrevocably fallen.
“Honey, I think we woke the neighbors,” he muttered languidly.  He sounded smug.  And so very happy that Castiel couldn’t even call him on it.  Or maybe he was too sexed out to bother.  But one thing definitely needed addressing.
Dean wasn’t talking now, wasn’t protesting.  Dean’s hands were firmly pressed against he wall.  His head was thrown back, eyes closed as he panted softly, losing himself in the sensation.  He was so beautiful like this, Castiel was tempted to prolong the experience, but no, he had an agenda.
“We co-rule,” Sam replied easily.  “Equal power.  It’s abnormal, I know.  But it works for us.”
Cas’ smile widened.  “You don’t know the half of it. “ He hesitated.  “I’m not sharing my heat with you, Dean.”
“Dean,” he muttered helplessly.
Once he’d gotten a solid rhythm, Cas moved his arms from either side to grip the hunter’s wrists, pulling him off his forearms and firmly pressing his chest flat on the bed, holding Dean in place and began doing his very best to pound him ‘through the mattress’, as humans called it.
Trusting that Cas wouldn’t give him anything potentially Leviathan tainted, he accepted the bottle.  They walked on for some time, the silence surprisingly easy.
Dean leaned down, taking Cas’ lips in a deep, claiming kiss.  His hips slid smoothly against Castiel’s in a delicious frottage.  Excellent.  He was already hard again.
Dean slowly opened his eyes.  “You mean that time you turned into a murderous, psycho, all powerful megalomaniac and destroyed half of heaven and tons of folk down here?”
A hand closed on his elbow without warning, jerking him back.  Castiel stiffened and turned, right as his nose caught up with his eyes.
She could have been that into his story, or maybe it was how his thumb rhythmically rubbing against the soft, warm edges guarding the way to her promised land.   No panties, which simplified things.  Dean liked easy.
Castiel looked up sharply.  “Benny is an alpha?”
Castiel had always been aware that Dean’s secondary nature was omega.  It had never been particularly relevant.  It was just a part of him, no more noteworthy than the colour of his hair or his eyes.
Castiel knew what he had to do; just say ‘yes’ and he could stop the fight before it started.  But his jaw locked around the lie; he just couldn’t do it.  He’d promised.
“Awesome.” Dean glanced back at Sam, winking.  Some of Sam’s stiff posture eased.
Alpha Angel vs. iron chain; Dean knew which he would bet on.  But he didn’t need to bet when he had an ace up his sleeves.  Looking deep into his Alpha’s luminous blue gaze in clear challenge, Dean swiftly spun around and bolted.
But while Dean was certainly flirty, and obvious in his admiration of the server’s significant assets, he made no attempt to arrange for a later rendezvous.  Castiel was certainly no expert, but it seemed like the young woman was disappointed.
Benny rolled his eyes.  “Whatever, Spartacus. Just get us our damned ammo, would ya?”
“There is someone specific I’d like to apply to knowledge with, yes.”
Dean turned his head, smiling in that boyish way that Cas adored.  “Yeah?”
He knew he was neglecting the tightly wound balls he felt tap his chin with his deeper strokes, but he could only do so much multitasking at once.  He’d have to save that for next time.  And there would absolutely be a next time.  There was no way Dean wasn’t doing this again.  He’d just have to ensure Castiel survived his meeting with the ninja turtle angel.  Because now that he’d had a taste, Dean wasn’t stopping anytime soon.
Cas rode out the buck and applied his strength to keep Dean flat on the bed.
Dean grinned toothily, his expression eager and more than a little bloodthirsty.
Twister Isn’t The Only Thing Castiel Sucks At
A few small, reddened bite marks had escaped the Angelic healing.  The tiny marks peppered the skin over his left clavicle and up his neck, including a small, dark bruise that was clearly a hickie.  Apparently the Alpha in Cas hadn’t quite given up without a fight.  That was okay.  That Cas was able to fight that inner boss enough to leave just these few marks was an impressive display of control.  Very sexy.
“Hey.  None of that.  I don’t give a rat’s ass what it took to get us here.  I’m good.  No, actually I’m great.”  Dean smirked.  “I’m about to claim the hottest piece of omega ass in the entire pack.”
The taller of the two strode right up to her, and before she could even gather some form of defense, muscular arms came around her, pulling her in to a tight embrace.
“Is this right?” He asked, too innocently in Dean’s opinion.  Of course, the damn angel could count his pulse and blood pressure at sight, he’d know exactly much of an impact his touch was eliciting.
It was the magic words, but Cas had to be sure.  “You don’t owe me anything.  I shouldn’t have said that.  If you don’t want…”
Then Dean’s mouth was gone, leaving the sting of cold air in its wake.  Before Castiel had time to protest, the hand on his cock moved, gripping firmly around the base for guidance as Dean raised himself over Cas prone body and began to slowly sink onto his erection.
“Had enough, yet?”  His tormenter asked, voice gravelly, rough with exertion.  He had to be close to exhaustion soon, didn’t he?  The beautiful face was flushed, sweat plastering his hair to his scalp, sliding down the side of his temple in glistening droplets.  Sweat shouldn’t be that attractive; it just shouldn’t.
“Thank you,” he replied honestly.  “But I already have a blade.”
Oh yeah?  Challenge accepted.  Dean grinned his most charming grin.  “Good to know.  Back to business, then.”  He leaned back in until his lips just brushed the soft skin of the cockhead.   He looked up, locking gazes with the man above him.
Castiel lost track of how many days they’d been screwing.  He had to hand it to Dean; the alpha had no trouble keeping up with him.  The man’s stamina was damn near limitless.  No wonder the other people he’d been with tended to respond with a dreamy smile whenever it came up.
“No, nothing.” Dean affirmed, again.
It was a lot to take in.  Too much, actually.  And his upcoming heat wasn’t making it any better.  The longer he waited, the better everyone started to look.  He’d found himself evaluating betas as they passed and scenting every alpha that came near.  Despite the way he was radiating pheremones, Castiel had not gotten a single catcall or vulgar sexual offer.  Generally his condition was either politely ignored, or sympathetic glances sent his way.
“Sorry,” Castiel muttered, a newly familiar sensation of shame filtering through him.
Sam glared at the tea, angry with it on general principle.  $80 a pound.  He hadn’t known tea could cost that much.  But the overpriced leaves appeared to appease his prisoner, for the moment anyway, and he didn’t have the ability to properly monitor her should the powerful witch get it into her head to escape.
“Say goodbye to your little beta harem,” Dean replied.  He raised a hand, running his palm possessively down Castiel’s arm.  “You’re mine, only mine.  Live here with me.  Help me lead the Pack.  Make this a safe place for our kid’s kids to grow up.”
Castiel is looking for God.  And he wants to use an archangel to further this goal.  Wait, what?  Didn't one of those things blow him to little tiny angel bits not that long ago?  Looks like it's Dean's turn to play wingman for a change.
A hand gripped Cas’ achingly painful, abused balls, stroking rhythmically. Cas screamed hoarsely, the tender, too gentle contact a special torture all its own.  It was more than he could bear.  His scream lacked the volume he’d started with; he’d gone slowly hoarse over time.
He lay back on the hood of the car and stared up at the visible pieces of sky.  Cas finally let up, the gentle feel of his hot mouth disappearing as he slowly pulled off, leaving Dean’s saliva soaked cock rapidly cooling in the chill night air.  Cas rose to his feet and pulled Dean’s jeans back up to his hips.  He leaned in, laying his chest against Dean’s, gentle fingers caressing his forehead.  Dean felt a burst of warmth along his neck and knew when he looked in the mirror all evidence that they’d been together would have been erased.
Fifth Ring was a wide, dusty mess of a fight pit, circled by a surprisingly sturdy five-foot high wooden fence.  During the rainy season, it was a sticky, soggy horror show, where the blood that spilled from the combatants mixed with the waterlogged earth in a sticky pudding mess of stinking mud.
Of course, the deeper implications of his brother’s state spoke to a whole other issue.  Sam didn’t sleep easily these days.
Cas coughed a hoarse laugh.  “Years of repressed desire.”
Which was nice and all, but they didn’t know the whole story.  Castiel was still waiting to hear from the one person who’d paid the price for his choices.  The person in his life who mattered most to him.  And who was leaning against the weapons locker, watching him.
The soft sound of footsteps crunching on frost-coated leaves made him stiffen momentarily before his nose caught up with his ears.  He settled at the familiar, reassuring scent.  This wasn’t a safe situation, not by a long shot, but he didn’t need to worry about imminent danger.  At the moment.
Cas was a good guy.  He didn’t deserve to die a virgin. No consenting adult did, in Dean’s considered opinion.  And that damn itch of his…it was a persistent bastard.  He’d found a number of new friends to help rub it out, male and female.  But it never helped for long.   Looking at Castiel made him think of all kinds of interesting things that had nothing to do with hunting archangels.  Unless one was into hunting angels while naked.
Castiel’s orgasm took him by surprise; he’d been so lost in the pleasurable burn and ache of being thoroughly fucked that he never even noticed he’d been riding the edge until he was pushed over it.
Which led to the next question.  Done with what, exactly? What the hell was he even doing necking with a crazy angel on a busted-ass old ford in the first place?
Life was immensely, impressively unfair.  So what the hell else was new?  Sensing eyes on him, Dean turned.  Their new omega was watching warily.  Dean nodded to the man, publicly acknowledging his presence among the pack.
Dean raised his head to lock eyes with Cas.  “You just cleansed me of all of that.  It’s all gone.  I can feel it, Cas, building inside me, and it won’t be denied.”
Decision made, Dean drove on a while, looking for a suitably isolated place.  It didn’t take long to find a quiet park.  It was late, way past curfew; no one would be there.  Perfect.  He found an hidden corner and parked.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean snarled, eyes darting down at the unique knife.  “You’re a fucking Halo?  And you never told me?”
Dean didn’t hesitate.  He ran his fingers through Cas’ hair, gripping the silky black strands and yanking his head to the side, biting savagely into the mating gland.
“Never again,” Dean growled.  “If Michael gets free and takes me over again, he’s gonna be all kinds of pissed.  I can’t even imagine the next type of hell the sick bastard has been dreaming up for me.  If he ever takes over again, you need to stay the hell out of my head.   And if I somehow try and link to you, do not stay and share that crap.  Do you understand me?  There’s no reason for both of us to suffer!”
“I have a grown daughter.  She’s a beta and fine fighter.  I know she’s the Alpha’s kid, and understand that it may make for difficulties with integration of my pack into yours, but she’s part of the deal. It ain’t negotiable.”
“Oh for crap’s sake,” Ellen muttered.  “Please tell me he has some kind of skill, at least?”
Cas cried out at the sensation.  He was by no means new to it, but even in his own vivid imaginings, he’d never dreamed Dean would do this to him.  He was just so…Alpha.  Alphas took, and fucked, and used.  They didn’t care what their bedmate felt.
Sam smiled at that, appreciating the distinction.  “You’ll get there.  It just takes time.”  He reached down and readily picked up the supplies on the porch with one arm, clearly not needing Cas’ help at all to carry things.
“I gave at the office,” Dean called out.
“Whatever you say, Cas,” Dean told him, his tone amused.  “You’re kinda weird, dude.”
Dean rubbed at his eyes.  “That damned mad dog spell of Rowena’s.  I think I get it.  What it really does.  Cas isn’t rabid, or going crazy, or any of that shit.”
“I always knew you’d be trying to call the shots in bed,” Dean told him with a smile that was pure devil.  His eyes had darkened from their usual apple green to a rich, dark amber-flecked shade that matched the Pack’s best barrel aged whiskey.
“Umm, Dean,” he began tentatively.  “This room you procured?  Does it have an extra bed, by any chance?”  Sam was nowhere near the motel, so Castiel’s presence would pose no threat to the injured hunter.
--------------------
“It didn’t.  Sam didn’t want to play, either,” Cas replied with a shrug.  “He said he’d injured his hamstring earlier.  I offered to heal it for him, but he said he was fine.”
Dean turned and hefted his box of gunpowder.  It wasn’t nearly as satisfying as sinking his teeth into Crowley’s jugular, but at least it’d make Benny more agreeable.
Dean purred at the marking, tilting his head to allow better access.  “If you couldn’t catch me, you didn’t deserve to have me.”
Cas narrowed his eyes, the angel power fading from his gaze, though they remained so relentlessly blue they almost hurt to look at.  “I’m an angel.  I have absolute control of my vessel, I assure you.”
And that is all she wrote.
He grinned at Cas’ approach, his hand reaching under the hay to grip an angel-killing blade.  Cas saw the move but ignored it in favor of roughly shoving off his coat, pulling his shirt over his head in a hail of broken buttons.
“What?” Sam asked, confused.  “Why?  Isn’t that…standard anatomy?”
“You sure you want to do this?” Dean asked.  He didn’t want to pressure his friend.  “You know, you don’t have to or anything.  And you can change your mind any time.”
Cas appeared content to pace beside him, focusing very hard on god-knew-what.  Maybe listening to plants again.  Hopefully it didn’t lead to any more questions about cosmetics.
“Well, yeah,” Dean agreed.  “But it’s so much better that way once you adjust.  Who wants a scrawny little hotdog in their mouth when they could have a nice, thick kielbasa?”  Blondie and Purple tittered, though Brunette was nodding in sage agreement.
Dean sighed.  “Funny you should ask.” Both brothers turned to look at the parked caravan where Castiel was standing, arms curled protectively around his core, looking around uncomfortably.
Dean rose from his crouch, to the deafening sound of the crowd’s screams of rage and approval.  He grinned wildly at his pack mates, blood spattered across his face and chest in a maudlin spray of sticky red freckles.  “That hit the spot.”
The bigger packs around here left the Roadhouse alone; it suited them to have such a place around.  Most could be counted to throw in a few extra supplies here and there during dry spells.
‘No.”
The alpha smelled so fucking good.  He was everything Castiel could ever want.  Dominant, protective, more than tough enough to protect him and any pups they may have down the line.  They hunted well together.  And the sex was the best Cas had ever had.
Ellen glanced back at the trucks filled to capacity with crates.  “Looks like we took in a good haul.”
Bobby tried one more time.  “Hey,” he said, reaching out to grab the other man’s arm.  “I don’t mean to intrude, but you look awful familiar.  Have we met somewhere before?”
“Don’t be stupid,” Sam replied easily.  “No one wants your shitty job.”
“We’ll find a way…” Castiel began, before Dean cut him off.
Cas would have been embarrassed, or unsure even, if he was still Cas.  But he wasn’t.  He was heat and need and desire, and damnit he needed to be touched.  He didn’t realize he’d bucked against his restraints until they pulled taut.  His eyes flickered with electric blue as he accessed his grace, willing the cuffs away so he could take what he needed.
Cas’ hands slid out from Dean’s pants, falling to his sides.  “Dean?” Cas asked, his tone reverting back to his initial uncertainty.
Castiel sat down, leaning against the brickwork framing the roof, assuming a relaxed state.  And he waited.  It didn’t take long until he felt it, the telltale call of Prayer, and knew Dean’s tortured soul was reaching out to him once again.  This time he didn’t block the persistent voice. Instead, he dropped his mental shields entirely.
“Yes.  I’m sure.  It’s just, a very new thing for me.  I find that I’m inexplicably nervous.”
“Aren’t I always?” Dean asked.  He ignored his brother’s incredulous snort and headed out the door.
Was this how Dean felt in any of the dozens of times that Cas had strong-armed him to the nearest flat surface in a rush of lust?  The amount of trust he now understood to be implicit in Dean’s easy acceptance of the act both staggered and humbled Cas.
Crowley raised a hand half up, grinning lasciviously.   Dean rolled his eyes and flicked him off, turning back to the fence and the encroaching group of potential opponents.  A number of alphas who’d been pushing their way toward the fore were now subtly melting backing into the crowd, while others stilled, shifting in place while watching their neighbors.  Dean would have laughed if he wasn’t so pissed.
She glanced at the next name.  “Ah.  Little bro, Sam.  Now, I’ve not had a personal taste just yet, but word is he sure knows how to ride a person through a heat.  The word ‘stevedore’ might have been mentioned.  I’ve been aching to climb Muscle Mountain for ages.  But he prefers to keep to himself.  He’ll assist with omegas in need, sure.  He’s Alpha and single.  But on his own, he tends to be fairly selective with bed partners.”
“I’m choosing to take that as a compliment,” Castiel told him darkly.
“I meant every word,” the omega told him as they walked.  “If you want to mate me you’ll have to force me.  And I will fight with everything I have.”
Behind him, his people stared on, silent as stone.  Naomi watched the drinking contest impassively, her blue eyes bright with a hawkish glare.
And merrily we move along.  *Castiel's POV*
A shadow moved to his right, then she was settling down on the log next to him.
Castiel shrugged.  “Not really.”
Dean grinned.  Ah.  Newbie nerves.  He could work with that.  While he definitely preferred experienced partners, he’d guided a man or two off the path of righteousness.
“It’s not my fault!” Dean had told his father in uncharacteristic argument.  “I’ve been taking the damn meds.  It just got away from me.”
As per his usual sleeping routine, Dean had an Angel blade stashed under his pillow, but he didn’t bother to reach for it.  Castiel 2.0 had already proven impervious to that particular weapon.
(I wrote this at the same time as The New God and was never really sure what to do with it. Rather than leave an fully finished story to languish on my desktop, I'll stick it here and as a standalone.)
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay then.  Good.  Awesome.  So, we’re gonna do this, yeah?”  Great, ten seconds in and it was already awkward.  And they hadn’t even kissed.  That had to be some kind of record.  At the other man’s hesitant nod, Dean blew out a breath.
Castiel stared into the place in the high grass where Dean had disappeared.  Keeping himself in check rather that following after the Alpha was nearly painful.
“Yeah, good luck with that,” Dean muttered, striding away towards his and Sam’s shared tent and the nearest bottle of Hunter’s Helper.  He wanted a solid head start on that bottle before getting his arm popped back into place.
Cas rolled his eyes, shoving the Hunter all the way onto his back.  Dean went with it, pillowing his head on his crooked arm, bicep casually bulging in a pose Cas knew wasn’t feigned.  Dean was always sexiest when he wasn’t trying, his natural grace and inherent masculinity more stimulating then any practiced moves or poses.
Sam nodded in agreement.  “I’m sorry Naomi, but it is Pack law.  He’s broken no rules to warrant ostrication.  Castiel is Pack.  Winchesters protect our own.”
Hearing the sound of footsteps approaching the truck, Sam came around from where he’d been hiding in the cab.  Rowena’s spelled teacup had gone silent some time ago, though the witch had only recently disappeared.  Sam really didn’t know or care where, at the moment.
So, Bobby did what he always did when the darkness threatened to drag him over the ledge; he went to work.  Over the years, he’d become the hub for half the damn hunters in the country, or it felt like it anyway.  It wouldn’t do to leave them high and dry, especially with Bigmouths running about all over the damn place.
The Winchester clan was all about consent.  Anyone, regardless of designation, that dared force a mating bond was subject to immediate execution.  No question, no tribunal, the sentence swift and absolute.  Castiel had even witnessed Dean carry it out, once.  There had been no hesitation.  Just a bullet between the eyes, and a permanent dirt nap in some random hole in the ground.
-------------------
“Well, good for you.” Dean replied caustically.  “Did you stop by our place for directions or something?  Borrow a cup of sugar, maybe?”
Dean didn’t say anything.  Instead, he crawled half off the bed, digging through his bag.  He popped back up a moment later, negligently tossing a half used bottle of lubricant near the head of the bed.
“Yes,” Cas replied simply.
He found a few very minor rib fractures that he gently shored up.  There was a moderately serious compression fracture on Dean’s left radius bone that he didn’t want to think too much about.  Healing that as well, he slid his mind’s eye onward, leaving the superficial scrapes and bruises be.
“Are you positive?” Cas asked Dean, almost desperately.  Dean just had to tell him ‘no.’ He could use that to regain what tattered control was left to him.
Dean set a bruising pace right out of the gate and Cas loved every aching second of it.  Heat built inside him, the promise of a mind-shattering orgasm on the horizon.  Impossibly, Dean sped up, slamming his ass, the edge of what promised to be an epic knot brushing against Cas’ hole with each pass.
“But the truth is that we know very little about actually running a pack, particularly one as full of such diverse personalities as ours.” Grins at that.  Everyone knew the Winchesters were outliers.  After a moment, Sam continued.  “Our father was always the voice of experience, his a kind of wisdom that only comes with age and time.”
“I haven’t done a damn thing wrong by you,” Dean snarled as he worked.  “What I did do was fight and bleed for you, potentially risking my entire damn pack by choosing to save your ass over ammo that could save their lives.  So far in thanks for that, you’ve threatened me, accused me of forcing myself on you, and said more than a few unkind words about my character.”
There was nothing of lightness or humor in Dean’s tone.   He was cold, remote.  Castiel had betrayed him, completely, in the worst possible way. Dean could forgive nearly any offense against him, but Cas had screwed with his family, knowing full well what breaking Sam’s mental wall would do to him.  Worse, he’d done it before absorbing most of Purgatory into his body.  When he was still the original Cas, more or less.
“The only details that involve you are thoughts on who we should assign to guard that border.  As I recall, you are grounded till that arm heals, bucko,” Ellen shot back.
He watched Dean walk away.  The boy was right about one thing.  John had seen him necking in the bleachers, hardly a new thing for a horny teenager.  But he’d been gobsmacked when he realized Dean’s tonsil-hockey buddy had turned out to be another boy.
“Cas, wait, buddy,” Dean muttered, becoming sufficiently aware to realize what position he was in.
Dean’s throaty chuckle filled the quiet evening.  “You’re kidding me with that crap, right?  I’ve known you the better part of a year, Cas.  You’ve never once had the common sense to submit to anyone, least of all me.  Come on in.”
Dean looked back up, somber green eyes boring holes into Castiel.  “Did you hear me, Cas?  Did I pray to you?”
“Meg has already gone down the list with me.  But if you think you have additional information…”
“I’m not going to ask how someone as lovely as your sweet self has gone this long without going all the way, it’s not my business,” Sebastian told him.  “Though I won’t lie, I’m curious as hell.”
Castiel nodded agreement.  “I’ll be there.”
The heavy iron cuffs appeared to be doing their job, her power greatly reduced, albeit not completely neutralized.  But he’d take what he could get.  The little witch smiled sardonically up at him, taking another sip from the delicate porcelain teacup, before setting it neatly on its matching saucer.
He thought he was going to rescue the lass.  By the time he made it in, he’d arrived just in time to watch her finish off the last of the pair of bloodsuckers.  She’d been up to her knees in gore, fresh sprays of blood dotting her face like demented freckles while she methodically sawed through a vamp’s spinal cord with a massive pocketknife.  She’d grinned up at him from where she knelt over the not-dead-yet corpse as he’d stormed the old shack, her gaze penny bright.  He’d almost felt sorry for the paralyzed thing.  Almost.
Completing his tasks, Dean came around to sit on the bed across from him.  “How about you?” he asked seriously.  “Are you really okay?”
“Shh,” Cas replied, glancing briefly up at Dean from his knees, the relentless blue of his eyes nearly glowing in the darkness.  He was almost unbearably sexy in that position.
His stupid, black-eyed brother was currently lounging at his ease, reclining atop a giant roundish bale of hay, three of the Midwest’s finest farmer’s daughters sitting around him in various states of undress.
Things were good.  So when Castiel felt the first stirrings of yet another quarterly reminder that he was a being built for pups, Castiel didn’t bother with resentment or denial.  Instead, he started casting an interested eye on his available packmates, preparing well ahead of time for several days of mindless fucking.  No lie, it was a boost to his ego just how many looked interestedly back.
“Not that folk don’t go to Sammy here when they think they have a better chance of getting something they want,” Dean replied blandly.  “He’s the bleeding heart of the two of us, after all.”
The most notable exception to this rule, in my humble opinion, is that moment when we found out that Dean struck out at a bar, citing ‘dad bod’ in episode 11:13 Love Hurts. There is simply no possible reality in any universe where someone who looks anything like Jensen Ackles walks out lonely from a dive bar.  Ghosts, demons, the occasional God?  Okay, sure I’ll buy all that.  But Dean Fucking Winchester will always score at a bar.  Always.   Which leads to my second ‘Um…’ moment.  Episode: 7:17 The Born Again Identity.  And here we go.
“Cas,” Dean acknowledged his nocturnal visitor, tone neutral.
Dean narrowed his eyes, gaze clearly assessing Cas’ behaviour.  Castiel shifted uncomfortably.  The Hunter always saw far too much to suit him.
“You never rescinded permission,” Cas reminded him.  The angel had lost count of the number of times he’d invisibly loitered in Dean’s room for no other reason than to simply watch him since the time they’d reached their agreement:  observing was allowed; invading his personal space required an empty room and at least minimal warning/conversation.
Cas turned back to Sam.  “Also, there will be no escaping.  I’ll tie him up myself.”  Dean smirked.
Dean snorted, choosing to down a significant portion of his beer rather than acknowledge the question.
Castiel narrowed his eyes.  Without any thought or warning, that inner thing inside him seized control.  He surged up, claiming Dean’s lips in a searing kiss.  Dean opened his mouth, welcoming Cas in.
Castiel watched him go, face shadowed.  “Dean, I didn’t…I’m sorry.”
“Hmm?” A sleepy Dean responded to his soft query.
“My body was still mine, scars and all, but my blood was virgin pure.  But that was okay.  I knew what I needed to do to fix it, and they had better drugs by then.  One or two crazy cycles, easy enough to hide with Sam disappearing all time and then I was good again.”
There was no formal name for the act Castiel was performing.  A form of Angelic scrying, perhaps.  When he’d still been connected to the Power of Heaven, it was nearly effortless.  Now, simply making the attempt gutted him.   Still he reached, knowing there was no possible way they could physically get to Dean before he lost the energy to stay afloat.  But Cas had to try.
A firm grip on Dean’s thigh a moment later warned him to be still.  It took real effort not to jerk away.  The familiar touch that had never failed to make him burn in all the right ways now just gave him the creeps.  Dean took a deep, even breath, willing his body to stay calm, muscles loose.  Because his instincts were screaming at him to fight or run.
He took a second to rub his face in Dean’s groin, inhaling deeply.  Dean groaned above him, placing one knee on the bed for support.
Conversation stopped as walked in, but no one tried to tell him to leave so he took a chair and spooned a heaping helping of pot roast with mashed tubers onto an empty plate.  He was starving.
Castiel stood within the bathroom, the foggy remnants of rapidly cooling air swirling around and through him.  What in the very real Hell had just happened?  How had Dean detected his presence?  Did he owe the man an apology?  Dean didn’t seem particularly offended.
“Your pulse is currently 89, significantly higher than your baseline resting rate average of 64,” Cas replied.
“A late lunch,” Castiel added.  His mate’s frankly stunning refractory period was surpassed only by his nearly boundless stamina, and Cas intended to make full use of both gifts.
One life for her entire pack.  It was more than fair.  And Ellen would give her own life ten times over if it meant she wouldn’t have to watch her daughter die.
“Here, sweetheart.  Coffee is from last night, but the heating urns kept it plenty warm.  Normally we’d have at least some kind of hot breakfast but certain folk made it clear we were to head out ASAP.“  She glanced meaningfully over her shoulder.
“Hey new guy,” She drawled, scarlet coloured lips drawn in a sardonic smile.
While the Winchester Clan weren’t exactly horticultural debutants, they made a point of growing their own food.  Particularly the grains used to make Hunters Helper.  According to Ellen, the particular strain of corn she’d brought with her during the Harvelle-Winchester integration was a vital ingredient in their hooch’s success.
Sam chuckled, putting the jeep into gear. He’d just driven into view of Pack center when the double whistle warning sounded behind him.  He was out of the jeep in a flash, Castiel at his side.
He glanced around at the myriad of humans patronizing the busy library.  Perhaps it was better if he go back to books, more familiar ground for him.  But he’d been told the device before him was the greatest repository of human knowledge in existence.  Surely it would be the best place to find what he sought.
“Yes…” Castiel hissed out.  “More, Dean.  I need more.  Now.”
A final quick nip on his lower lip and Dean was gliding downward, punctuating his journey with well-placed licks and bites.  Chest, nipple, abdomen, pelvis, lower, dodging his cock in favor of more southern treasure.  Before he was completely with the program, Cas’ legs were pulled wide and a deft tongue swiped against the rim of his hole.
If Dean was willing to be on the receiving end of penetration, he would definitely be a ‘pushy bottom,’ Castiel decided.
Before Sam could answer, a large Halo stepped forward, removing his helmet to reveal a firm, square jaw; dark eyes and short cropped dark hair.  “Are you ready, Winchester?”
“It’s really okay,” Dean told him.  “I get it.  Human.  Learning curve.  And it’s oka…oomph!”
Cas felt a twinge of nervousness, even as he maneuvered so that he was actually lying with his head at the head of the bed.  Everything was new.  That didn’t necessarily make it bad, he reminded himself.  The last few moments had been definite examples that different could be very, very good.
Dean snorted at that.  “So true.  You’ll fit right in, Cas.”
“Yeah, we might’ve thrown down a little bit.  Dean’s monster wanted to dance, and mine was a fair bit jealous at being left out of all the excitement and wanted out, too.  We didn’t do each other any lasting harm.”
Well then.
Dean nodded.  “I believe you.”  He took a step forward, resting a warm hand on Castiel’s shoulder.
“Don’t be stupid. I ain’t that selfless.  What I am is completely, ridiculously over the fucking moon for you.   I’ve wanted you since the first time we met and you threatened to cut my dick off.  I've needed you since I watched come out of your shell and show everyone the kickass, thoughtful, loyal, ridiculously stubborn person you are.  No matter what I ask of you to do, you tend to do the exact opposite.  It’s maddening as all hell.  And I can’t imagine my life without you in it.”
“It’s home,” Jody told him with a smile, when he asked her about the change in atmosphere.  She handed him a cup of overnight oatmeal.
He also knew about confinement.  He knew the diameter of Heaven’s prison to the centimeter.  He’d been trapped in most everything that can hold an angel, from chains to flaming circles of holy oil.  His own friends had chained him to the floor with magic handcuffs.  Which, admittedly, had been for his own protection, but that didn’t make the experience any less miserable.
Sam shrugged, careful in his display of nonchalance.  “Works for me.”  That Dean was having him drive his Baby, knowing Sam’s predilection for daytime hallucination, was telling.
“Well, when you put that way...”
Before Dean could formulate some type of response, Cas stood and turned to face him, leaning against Dean’s slightly larger form until they were firmly pressed chest to chest.
-----------------
“Okay, then.  Heal away.  Won’t lie, it’ll be nice not having to see Sam’s stupid smirky face if I have to spend the next week sitting on a donut.”
“Cas, what…”
“What about pups?”  Cas asked.
“C’mon back. I wanted to show you something.”  Dean led the way to the back of the small house.  In Sam’s home that had been the weapons area.  Dean’s set up was no different.
“Good.  Then we don’t need to talk about this anymore.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes, meeting Dean glare for glare.  They held the stalemate, neither backing down.  After a few moments of contemplation, Castiel decided this method was going nowhere and obfuscation was the best approach.  Or maybe it was just avoidance.  Either tactic was a tried and true page of out the ‘Winchester Guide to Personal Problems manual’.
Gritting his teeth, Cas pressed back into Dean’s teasing thrusts, not responding to the jibe.
Impatient, Cas gave up on his zipper and burned the remainder of his clothing away, ignoring the way Dean chortled beneath him when he correctly deduced the source of the heat at his back.  “Something bothering you, angel?”  He asked slyly.  “You seem to be a little fluffed.”
Knowing that wouldn’t detract Dean for an instant, Castiel turned on his heel and strode purposefully away.
A short while later Castiel was actively perusing the names, most of which he didn’t know, when a petite brunette knocked on his porch rail.  Apparently, today was a day for visitors.
Oh, Fuck.
“I guess will find out,” Sam hollered back in reply.
The one place he had a great deal of interest in was the Canteen.  It had some form of cooked meals available 24x7.   Folk frequently gathered there between shifts to eat and socialize.  It was plain camp food, mostly supplied by adolescents learning to hunt, farm, and cook, but it guaranteed that no one ever went hungry.
Now that he had full maneuverability, he had a prize to claim.  Cas reached down, sliding his hand into Dean’s jeans, gripping his cock and massaging the erection.
Castiel had barely set foot into the Winchester encampment before being accosted by a fiercely kind, shorthaired lady alpha who’d been left in charge of the camp while the trading crew was away.  She’d introduced herself as Jody, not the least put out when Castiel had clung to his stoic silence.
Dean groaned.  “Fine,” he grumped.  “Make me do all the work.”
Castiel’s inner omega was going crazy, doing the lambada, a tango, and some form of chaotic interpretive dance inside him at this development.  It urged him to rub up against his Alpha, to seduce with his body and his scent.  This was a fit mate for him, his omega self pressed. Strong, protective, controlled.  Dean smelled so good.  It was taking all of Cas’ will to hold back.
“You fight your omegas?” Ellen asked, horrified.
Sighing, Dean sat on the mattress next to him.  “You’re in bad way, you moron.”
Dean opened his eyes some time later, aware that Cas, still safely shackled, was snuggled up next to him.
“You’re…good there.  Just keep doing that.”  Dean growled.
The Winchesters were correct.  His vessel’s core body temp had risen to increasingly unsustainable levels for the last several days.  It was only his Angelic nature that kept him functioning.  But even as the mage cuffs were helping him contain the foreign energies building within him, they were hindering his ability to self-heal.  Something would have to give, and soon.
Dean narrowed his eyes at Cas' tone, the all-to-familiar stubborn shield sliding into place behind his eyes.  It was a look that never failed to piss Castiel the hell off.  Today was no exception.
The motel room was identical to any of the dozens Castiel had manifested into while working with Sam and Dean over the years.  It was plain, the wall paper a completely inappropriate colour to compliment the inexpensive furniture.  Still, it smelled relatively clean.  And it was gloriously private.
Trusting Sam to keep watch, Dean turned to look at Castiel with the full weight of his beautiful, hauntingly green eyes.  Cas drank it in, committing the image to memory.  He’d never in his life met anyone like Dean Winchester; and was very certain he never would find his like.
“My name.  It’s Castiel.”
A little while turned out to be roughly the duration of lunch, or approximately as long as Sam’s curiosity would be kept at bay.  He paused a moment at Dean’s door.  It was half open, revealing Dean splayed across the bed on his belly, eating cold pizza while Jaws III played on his little TV.
Ellen took a step back and looked at the only slightly shorter of the two.  Dean Winchester.  He’d also started out a caring child like his brother, very protective even as a boy, a testament to the hidden Hunter in his genetics that had yet to manifest.  If his eyes hadn’t stayed that same, stunning shade of hazel green she remembered, Ellen doubted she’d have recognized him.
Dean slid carefully into the passenger seat.  He’d put the best shocks available into the car the last time he’d rebuilt her, so hopefully they’d have a smooth ride.  It would help if His Godliness, Saint Castiel the Lord Douchebag had bothered to heal Dean after he’d finished getting his rocks off.  Sometimes he did.  Usually, in fact.  But Dean had gotten mouthy again last night.  Apparently Cas had decided to make a point.
Dean stayed where he was a while longer, waiting to fully catch his breath, for his heart rate to slow to baseline.  Finally he sat up, wincing at the ache in his back from being bent against a car hood for too long.  He stretched, closed his pants and walked around to the trunk.  He rooted around a bit among the myriad of weapons, finally pulling out a hidden bottle of hillbilly moonshine he’d stashed in the stained side pouch.  Now seemed like an awesome time to get blind drunk and pass out.
“Touché.”
Ellen gave Dean a solid looking-over.  “So, how was the fight?”
Dean grinned toothily at Sam and winked.  His eyes shuttered to demon black, making Sam wince.  He grunted when Cas yanked him along.  “So worth it,” he told his brother, chuckling darkly as he was guided away.
“Enough, omega, enough!  Get over here.”
Castiel spent the next several days exploring his new territory.  Not everyone was a fucking ray of sunshine like Charlie, plenty were rude or dismissive, but that seemed more likely to be attributed to their cuddly personalities and not related to Castiel’s omega status.
Castiel flexed his right wrist, prepping the spring-loaded blade hidden inside, and ran out toward the engagement party.  He caught the back frame of the lead jeep right as Dean was pulling out, neatly launching himself into the vehicle’s back seat.
Sam’s mind whirled as he walked down the hall.  The mating gland was supposed to be one of the best parts of being dual natured.  It paired you with your mate/partner in a way that was insanely intimate, an unmatched connection between two people.  At least, that’s how all the romcoms told it.  He’d actually envied his brother the potential for such a deep attachment.
Sam rolled his eyes.  “I couldn’t help it, that bruise is darker than a plum.  And, well, with you both lost to your secondary natures, I worried about…you know, an accidental Claim.”
Dean groaned.  “I have ideas.  But I’m not sure you’re up for ‘em.”  His gaze turned serious.  “It may be different for you, now.”
He took a deep, cleansing breath.  “Never,” he grunted out, though it came out more a pathetic whimper rather than the declaration of resistance he’d been aiming for.
He stepped into Dean’s den, looking about curiously.  It was oddly organized chaos, and surprisingly cleaner than he’d expected.  There was the occasional dirty dish and plenty of clothes strewn about, but beyond the surface mess, it was well tended.  And everything smelled of Dean.
“I…I don’t understand,” Cas stuttered.  But it was a lie.  He knew exactly what Dean was referring to.  The two of them had been in this position before; many times over.  But Castiel had always been an Angel.  As strong and skilled as Dean was, he was still merely human.  His species was simply no physical match against a soldier of Heaven.
“Of course,” Charlie agreed, beaming at Castiel.  “But why would anyone want to punch him?”
“We got the dumb brawn covered,” Dean told them, grinning as he jerked a thumb in his oversized brother’s direction.  Sam grinned, shaking his head.   “And I think we call all agree I’m the brains of this outfit.”
Castiel screamed as pain and pleasure rocked through him, ripping the most intense orgasm he’d ever experienced out of his body.  He was distantly aware of Dean’s rumbling roar as his cock pulsed inside him, slamming his knot home and feeling it catch, but he was too wiped to care.
He leaned against the old junker’s hood, wishing fleetingly that it was his Baby. But no, she was in lockdown, safe from the monsters of the world.  He gazed up through the branches, occasional spots of star-dotted sky peeking through the heavy branches.  The car shifted slightly and Cas was leaning next to him, their shoulders lightly grazing.  Dean didn’t shake off the contact. The damaged angel was looking up as well, though Dean figured they were seeing very different things.
“Oomph,” he grunted raising his arms to push off against the wall.
This wasn’t exactly a new thing.  He’d seen these exact marks plenty of times before when his brother had punched a wall, for any number of reasons.  But when Dean was well and truly pissed, plain old drywall didn’t stand a chance; he always punched clean through.  This was more a skid, like he’d pulled the punch.
Dean was panting now.  He rested his forehead on the angel’s chest and closed his eyes, reveling in the dual sensations.  Blushing virgin, his ass.  That damn angel just needed to be sure of his welcome and shy and innocent went right out the fucking window.
Murmurs of anger briefly filled the group.  “Dean and I talked the matter over.  We’re adopting what’s left of her people into the Winchester pack.”
“When I get done mopping the floor with this guy, your ass is next,” Dean warned him, not bothering to hide the sandpapery growl in his words.
Sam gritted his teeth against the aggravating, oddly rhythmic sound of heavy metal clinking.  The noxious sound almost masked the even more vexing, far fainter tinkle of fine china.  Dropping the binoculars to his chest, he rubbed at his eyes in an attempt to normalize his eyesight after too much time spent squinting through refractive glass.
Maybe Dean shouldn’t have called him a shitty lay.  But he’d been hurting, on several different levels, and pain always drove him say things he probably shouldn’t.  No matter, he’d heal up in a day or two.  There had only been a little blood, and after a hot shower and a couple of Tylenol, the throbbing had receded to more of a dull ache.
“Mom!” she called, bounding up for a hug, burying her head in Ellen’s neck.
“Why are you still over there?”  Cas asked.  “You’ll need to be significantly closer if we’re going to have sex, much less the kind involving my...”
“My name is Castiel.  You have experience in this topic?” Castiel asked, rising to follow Sebastian.
“You’re going into rut,” Dean told him bluntly.  “You need a partner to screw if you want to live.  Preferably an omega.  Betas can manage okay, but they aren’t really built to withstand a rut-ridden Alpha.”  His tone turned bitter.  “Omegas are literally born to take it.”
“When you have a moment?”  Castiel asked softly when Sam caught his eyes.
Ellen choked back a breath. The Black Eyes were ruthless.  They’d started raiding her territory a few years ago, stealing supplies, doing minor damage and ducking out.  She’d thought burning the Roadhouse reeked of them.  But she’d had no proof.
“Please fuck me, alpha.  I need it. Please, Dean.”
One frustrating, antagonistic, infuriating, stunningly attractive man.  Cas probably shouldn’t be in the Winchester’s motel room uninvited.  He believed the humans called it stalking.  But how else was he to ensure that his target stayed safe?  And if said target was naked and wet under a showerhead, well, humans did spend an inordinate amount of time bathing.
Not that it mattered, Castiel had already decided.  He’d known from the first time he laid eyes on Dean that one day they’d end up here.  Which was why he was always so very careful to stay away.  Heats he could survive; a broken heart was another matter entirely.  But his time was up.
Bobby rested his head on the steering wheel.  What the hell was he gonna do with this?  Try to jog Emmanuel’s memory?  Tell the boys that their angel pal was alive and well, married and performing minor miracles in nowhere, Colorado? At this point Bobby didn’t know if Dean would hug the guy or put an angel blade through his chest.  They hadn’t exactly parted on the best of terms.
Dean climbed onto the bed crawling over towards where Castiel laid on his back, naked and harder than he could ever remember being.  His cock felt like it was chiseled from mahogany and his ass was drenching the bedding beneath him with slick.
He looked at the closed door.  Dean was in there, alone, and definitely wrestling with his own libido.  Cas could open that door, go to Dean and take what the Alpha had blatantly offered.  Dean wanted him; he’d made that perfectly clear on many occasions.
Dean was their best defender; he’d been doing it since he was a pup.  Beating up large, dangerous things to a bloody mess of meat and bones had always been his primary task in the pack.  It was his job to keep everyone safe.
He put on a gentle, flirty smile, deliberately relaxing his posture.  The girls responded as he intended, leaning back in, body language easing.  That was easy.  Clearly the bad boy appeal thing was alive and well.  Plus, he was stupid hot.
Takes place at Rufus' cabin, while Sam and Dean are hiding out, just after acquiring a newly awakened Crazy Castiel from the psych ward. Same day he manifests the Twister game (hence the name).
Sam grinned.  “You do that.  Take a bath first, huh?  You stink.”
Dean was back.
The two men rose, disappearing into the woods.  Ellen stared into the fire for a bit, before reaching for the pie.  Damn it was good.
Cas sidled up to the bed, and took one more deep, cleansing breath, reminding his lungs what it was to fill with air.   He may not require it to survive, but even that small glimpse into Dean’s never-ending torment had left a lasting scar in his psyche.
“So you, what?  Just decided to have it cut out?” Cas asked.
"I promise," Dean swore, and Cas knew it to be a vow.  Choosing to forget that Dean was perfectly willing to lie when he needed to, he took the oath into his heart and held it close.
Sam didn’t ask about the scent thing.  Dean was usually careful not to mention how his superior senses relayed information to him, only what he’d picked up, and Sam knew not to ask.  It was just one of the perks of the dual natured; every sense was intensified.
"I forgive you.  Never fucking do it again," Cas told his lover firmly, kissing the sensitive spot at the base of Dean's neck.
Dean wanted to shove Cas away, the pain of old, enduring rage rising.  He raised his arms to do just that.  But his arms didn’t obey his command.  Instead, they wrapped gently around his angel, tugging him tight against his body as he opened his mouth, deepening their kiss.
Sam blinked in surprise.  “I’m not.  I can tell you feel terrible, but really, the mating itself is the least of my issues.  If you hadn’t done some kind of heat driven impulse bite and actually discussed it like a rational adult, Dean would have jumped at the chance to take you as his mate.  Everyone knows he’s been pining for you practically since you joined us.”
Numerous wooden houses sprouted throughout the area in no real organized pattern that Castiel could discern.
Dean slammed the heavy glasses onto the wooden stand with a dramatic ‘thump’.  Gadreel stared blankly at them then up at Dean.
Jo also wanted Ash, the pack’s self proclaimed ‘mad-scientist’ to test the gunpowder, and she had a few blades she’d acquired that needed to be properly checked into the Arms house.  Anyway, the Pack Alphas needed some time together to touch bases.
Castiel nodded in agreement.
The hand at Dean’s crotch disappeared, moving away only long enough to unbutton his pants, sliding down the zipper and pulling the fabric down to pool at his ankles.
“Dean.  What did Cas do to you?” Sam asked warily.
Dean glared at him.  His eyes were red and bleary, but clear and free of the killing haze.  He was just tired and hung over.
Benny was one of the Winchester’s best fighters.  More importantly, he was what they called a ‘quiet alpha.’  At first sniff, he smelled beta.  Big and brutish, sure, but still a beta.  Not that it mattered; any one of the Winchester pack’s betas would mop the floor with anyone dumb enough to go toe to toe with them.  But their alphas had a hard time standing by watching them fight.
“Everything will change,” Cas replied firmly.  “For starter’s, certain stupid brunette omegas are going to need to find someone else to knot them.  Actually, the smart ones too.  And redheads, and blondes.  I don’t share.”
Sam turned to Naomi.  “We’re done here.  Dean won.  Cas is ours.”
The destruction of his home hit him significantly harder than he was letting on.  Dean knew of course, for all that he wasn’t saying anything.  That observant little shit played dumb so well it was easy to forget that all the aggression and sarcasm hid an astute mind and sharp eyes.  Too sharp, sometimes.  Dean read body language the way his younger brother absorbed lore.
Several of the specially equipped Pack motorcycles and one of the open sided jeeps were parked across from the armory, prepped and ready to roll out at a moment’s notice.  Sam and Dean were already aboard the jeep, waiting for the motorcycle Guard to finish settling their weapons.
Castiel nodded as if that made sense and all was well.  But it wasn’t.  He could feel it coming back.  The compulsion was building, heat and need slowly taking root within his body once again.  He was slowly burning up from the core out, and Dean was just so very…cool.  Something deep inside Cas rebelled at that.  He wanted Dean to be warm too.  More than that, Castiel wanted Dean to be hot and to need.  He wanted his omega to burn with him.
Ellen decided to let it go.  Dean wasn’t completely wrong.  “Alright, sure.  I’d love to see what you boys have done to the place.”
Time and experience had taught him to freeze when first scenting a threat.  Stay still, analyze, and wait.  And be ready to free his blade.
Sam was right, of course.  A quick scan and Dean caught sight of every one of his pack mates.  Some looked nervous, while the ones who’d been with him a while were grinning eagerly.
Dean chuckled.  “Fair warning, Sam will come by at some point.  He gets twitchy if he we don’t touch bases on the regular.”
Cas nodded reluctantly.  Taking a breath, he triggered his forearm sheath, launching the blade that had been his as far back as he could remember into his palm.
Castiel leaned into Dean’s personal space, taking another strong whiff of Alpha. Dean’s scent was so very enticing.  And it soothed Castiel’s heat pains for a few blissful moments, leaving only a raging need to fuck in its place.  His cock was so hard it was painful, and his body screamed to be filled.  More than anything.  Mother moon, he needed a dick in his ass.
“He is,” Castiel agreed.  “In all of humanity’s history, I’ve never seen anything like him.”
“But, to answer your question, yes.  I have been…curious about sex.  More so of late.  And when I consider it, you are the first person I think of.”
The Hunter downed the remainder of his coffee before setting the dirty cup on a random alcove along the wall.  He folded his arms across his chest and stared at Castiel.
Hands landed on his shoulders, clutching tight and massaging his bare skin.  A glance up without dislodging his mouth showed the angel was back in shock again.  Mouth open, panting slightly, eyes glazed over.  The view was so ridiculously hot.  Encouraged with the response, Dean increased his efforts.
Castiel watched the large alpha leave.  He took one lingering glance back in the direction of Persephone, where at least he was in familiar territory and knew what to expect.  Of course, the expected was also terrible.  This new future was unknown.  He cast a rueful look up at at the distant tent, where he could scent some residual and unfortunately enticing traces of Dean's lingering battle pheremones.  Well, at least the future would be interesting.  Castiel squared his shoulders and started down the path that led to the Winchester Pack encampment.
He coughed, attempting to clear out the last of the come and saliva he'd been swallowing as best he could.  “That was a helluva ride, buddy.  Didn’t see that one coming.”
“What about the Alpha?”  Some daring soul called out.  “We can’t just mix her in with our people.  We’d always be divided.”  Several of his neighbors nodded agreement while simultaneously keeping a wary eye on their more homicidal Alpha.
This was a good thing.  Any residual aggressive dominant pheromones that might have been riding the Alpha following his fight should now be safely out of his system, exhausted in some girl’s welcoming embrace.  Castiel should have been relieved.
Dean didn’t look okay.  He was clutching the jeep door with both hands and swaying heavily.  He looked toward his brother, then turned a blood shot, wild gaze briefly onto Castiel.  Clenching his fists, the alpha spun and stumbled away.  He dove into the tall grass and disappeared.
Dean spun around, tugging Castiel with him towards the back door of the house.  Cas came along readily, completely on board with this plan.  On some level, he knew Sam had very valid concerns that needed addressing, but at the moment, he had a gorgeous mate sliding a sneaky hand to his caress his butt as they walked and Castiel found he had much more urgent concerns on his plate than Sam’s issues.  Namely, getting Dean’s cock in his ass as soon as physically possible.
“Sir!”
“No.” She takes their books from the table and puts them back in their places on the shelf. “Why do you ask, Mr. Winchester?”
He helps her into the carriage before Cas and climbs in after them. Isabel starts to tell Cas in great detail about all of the dances and especially about all she thought of Mr. Wilkes. Dean sits back and watches Cas listen intently, any sign of her near-murderous rage gone, left behind in the ballroom.
She tilts her head a little and it makes his stomach flip. “Shouldn’t we be studying? We’re no closer to finding a way to return you to your time as we were weeks ago.”
“No, sir. I don’t… I didn’t… I…” he flounders.
“So you do like her,” Dean says, grinning. “Great. I’ll help, then.”
“He’s not more than thirty. Besides, I think she has her eye on someone else, love,” Cas says after a moment. “I just can’t tell who she’s looking at.”
“I’m fine,” he mumbles as he sits up. “I’m fucking fine.” He sighs heavily and touches the back of his head where he’s expecting a lump the size of Jupiter. It’s tender and he winces, but it’s not terrible. “Son of a bitch.”
“Oh! The dance is over! There he goes!” Dean says excitedly as he purposefully ignores Cas’ last words. He is not a matchmaker and he is most certainly not caught up in gossip or other people’s love lives. Not one bit. Cas leans forward in her chair, watching as Fred delivers the message to Isabel. “What’d you tell him to tell her anyway?”
“You used your mojo to do some Jedi mind tricks didn’t you?”
“I might remind you that I am centuries old and you have yet to be born,” Cas says flatly. Dean chokes and looks at her. She looks proud of herself as she looks out at the dancing.
Now, they’re chest to chest in the final dance. Her eyes are glittering as she gazes up at him, her cheeks pink from the dance but she might also be blushing. She’s wearing a blue ballgown with white flowery lace and gloves.
The room is filled with crashing notes when she turns around and falls back against the piano, their lips hot and urgent on each other’s. Moans crescendo with the song of sex on the keys. Her hands hold him tight, digging into his back. His pants are on the floor around his ankles, her skirts pushed up around her hips. Their breath mingles between them, both of them breathing too hard to actually kiss so all they can do is hover close, their noses touching, lips only grazing as they groan.
“That he would deliver the message. Of course.” Cas looks pleased with herself as she looks at Dean. “They would make an attractive couple. But what do I know? I’m no cupid.”
Castiel walks over to him and positions herself behind him, lightly taking his hands and placing them back on the piano. Her fingers rest over his and she begins to play through his fingertips. The melody is sweet, bordering on romantic as she leans into him. He watches their fingers dance and lets her have control.
“Sir?” Jeeves asks as he walks into the room.
“My first ball!” she says, absolutely beaming at Dean and Cas.
“Goodnight, Mr. Winchester,” she answers just as gently. She steps up, using his hand as a railing. “Tomorrow we shall dance.”
“Where’s the ballroom, Jeeves?!” Dean calls out.
“Please set her room up on the other side of the manor,” Cas says to Jeeves with a nod. “That will be just fine.” Dean smiles as he watches her go.
“Anyone catchin’ your eye?” Dean asks, trying to sound as casual about it as possible and probably failing. Isabel’s eyes dart towards the door and she blushes and she shakes her head. “Oh, that’s a yes.”
“She can’t still have a crush on me,” he says, rolling his eyes. “Does this mean I get to dress up fancy again?” Cas nods and he grins. “What do chaperones even do? Can’t be that hard, right?”
“Have I told you how beautiful you are tonight?” Dean asks with a small smile.
“Mrs. Douglas now,” Cas says without missing a beat. “They were married last week. Miss Rogers was noticeably absent, feigning illness.”
“How’d you escape a chaperone?” Dean asks, sitting up and closing the book.
“This way, sir. And my name still isn’t Jeeves,” his poor butler answers. “Mr. Butler will do just fine.”
It’s early in the morning when Dean sits down at his piano and takes a deep breath. He’s been practicing for weeks and finally has something that resembles a song that’s close to him. He feels out the keys, his eyes closed as he listens to the sound.
“You are the worst chaperone. You are supposed to scold me for this behavior, not encourage it! I love you, sister,” Isabel says in a whisper.
“That’s wildly inaccurate,” Cas says. “They are completely different. They are a different ranking of angel. Matchmakers are nothing like soldiers.”
” he sings, his voice barely over the gentle piano. “
“Not today, Cas.” He’s given up hope of returning home. He’s made peace with it. Sam will be fine. Cas will be okay. He has to be. Every time he thinks of his boyfriend, his stomach knots with guilt and a vague feeling of lost love. Future Cas and Sam will take care of each other in their grief while current Cas makes Dean feel safe and warm. He loves Castiel no matter the vessel or time. His heart belongs to an angel and he’s decided he’s happy as long as they’re near.
“Ready, Izzie?” Dean asks. Isabel looks like she might faint, but she just nods. “After you,” Dean says as Cas takes his arm. Isabel talks ahead of them to the carriage.
“You’re full of surprises today, Jeeves. I mean Mr. Butler,” he corrects himself quickly. “Please play for us.”
“Excellent, sir. I can play the piano if that is what you wish.”
It feels like days later, but it’s only been a few hours before Dean sees Cas again. They had decided that Isabel could have a Cinderella entrance. Dean had, of course, had to explain what that meant, but once he’d explained, Cas had been on board. So Dean and Jeeves stand at the bottom of the stairs with their hands behind their backs as they wait for the ladies.
“Isabel is bound to be popular. She is of good breeding and very attractive in both looks and prospects. Many men will be wanting to dance with her tonight. I doubt you will be able to kill all of them.”
“Cas?” Isabel looks at her sister. “Her name is Grace?”
“Are we leaving?” Isabel asks, clearly confused.
He remembers a time when he had called for Jeeves when Mr. Butler hadn’t been in the room and another servant had tentatively stepped forward asking what it was that Dean needed. Being in need of someone to talk to because he was in the middle of a panic, Dean had only spluttered, “Jeeves. I need Jeeves. Uhm. Fuck. The name. Butler. Mr. Butler.”
“Will she be mad if I come?” Dean sips his coffee and vaguely tries to remember when he’d gotten used to the different flavor than his usual crappy cup from a diner.
Dean and Cas watch as one gentleman, in particular, starts to try and remain at Isabel’s side throughout the night. Dean mumbles how he doesn’t approve. “Who is this nutjob anyway?”
” She stands beside the piano so he can look up into her eyes as he sings to her. “
“You can ask Mr. Butler about it later while I help Isabel get ready this afternoon.” She shakes her head a little. “That poor butler.”
“It would be improper,” Cas reminds him evenly. “Besides, they haven’t even spoken yet. I wasn’t aware that you were a matchmaker yourself.”
Isabel Novak had wanted her big sister to be her chaperone for every occasion. She had practically begged, but Cas had had to tell her no. Instead, Cas had promised to take her to her first dance after coming out. Soon, Cas would be showing too much and would have to be too careful to help Isabel find a good suitor. At least, that’s what Cas explained to Dean that morning at breakfast.
After another failed attempt at sending him home, Dean blinks as he regains consciousness. Usually, the attempts are just a small fizzle or a disappointing nothing. Today, they’d gotten a little closer to doing something because when Dean drank the disgusting potion they’d made, he’d immediately fallen to the floor. Castiel is kneeling at his side, dabbing sweat from his brow with a cloth.
“Can I get coffee?” he asks suddenly, turning around and taking his keys off. He can feel the staff listening and he knows his singing isn’t a gem.
“The last two are for you,” she had promised him at the end of their second dance. “Try not to look yellow.”
Dean found a ledger in the study that he’d started to use to keep track of the amount of time that has been passing (twenty days) along with how many attempts he’s made at returning home (seven). It also has doodles of trees and clouds with lightning, things he doodles in the margins when he doesn’t want to pore over lore books anymore.
“Jeeves?” Dean calls. The other servants have gotten used to the fact that their head of staff, Mr. Butler, has accepted this name and recognizes it as belonging to him. When he isn’t close enough to hear Dean, someone goes to find him regardless of the name.
“I did. Thank you for allowing Mr. Wilkes to talk to me,” she says with a slight blush. “Tonight was dreamlike.” Dean smiles as Isabel does a spin, her grinning face tilted toward the star-studded sky.
“You told me his name was Fred,” Cas scolds as she sits back down beside Dean. “Imagine my surprise when he informed me his name is Mr. Wilkes.”
“Dean, he is trying—”
“Yeah. Cas doesn’t feel well and it’s getting late,” Dean says, pulling Cas from the room as she digs her heels in, her eyes still trained on the fool who thought he could take more of Isabel’s time than Cas had allowed.
“Might as well be. Look at you.” He takes her hand and smiles. “All you’re missing is a bow and arrow.”
“I love you, Cas,” he says, his thumb running along her jaw. “I always have and I always will.”
“I forgot,” Dean says simply. “What’d he say?”
“My family has been invited to a ball that I must attend. I’m sorry.” She still hasn’t moved from her seat. Her eyes lock with his and her cheeks tinge pink. “You could meet me there. I would reserve dances for you.”
“Coattails!” Dean grins and leaves the room as she begins to play their song again.
“It could have been worse,” Cas says, looking over her shoulder at him as he finishes with his pants.
“Dean,” she breathes and he’s sure his heart stops.
“Mr. Winchester?”
“You take my breath away, Castiel.” Her hand tightens in his and he squeezes back. “And not just tonight,” he adds, feeling himself blush and not caring.
“She prayed for this?” he guesses.
“Are we really the best example of dancing with all partners equally? Really?” Cas glances at him and shakes her head a little. “And this guy? Why did you say yes to this guy?”
,” Cas explains. “She and Grace were close. They had made a promise to do this well before I came into the picture. I can’t let her down. She’s already disappointed that I won’t be able to attend more.”
“That is completely different,” Dean says. “Also kinda case in point. Fine. I still don’t like him,” Dean huffs. “She’s too young for this. Can’t she come back in a few years and try again?”
“She will never be over this childish infatuation with you if you start giving her nicknames,” Cas whispers. He nicknames everyone. How could that possibly add to a crush? “Stop questioning me,” she warns him.
“Mr. Wilkes, sir,” the footman answers immediately. “How may I be of service, Mr. Winchester?”
He turns back to the piano and starts again. He hums the lyrics instead of singing them, embarrassed of his voice and the very real feelings behind each word.
“I didn’t say anything,” Dean laughs. “But I mean, uh. Not really, no.” When he laughs again, Cas reaches out and takes his hand, rubbing her thumb over his as their clasped hands rest on the table between them.
Mr. Butler bows his head and takes a seat on the piano bench as Castiel leads Dean to the center of the room. She instructs him where to stand and nods to Mr. Butler to begin. The notes help Dean keep time as he moves his feet according to her instructions.
“I don’t know what that means,” he said as she walked away.
“She’s the right age according to this time period,” Cas counters. “Do try to relax. It’s just a dance. She’s not being proposed to.”
“No.” He gets up from the floor and dusts himself off. “I’ll be okay. Do you know how to play cards?”
“Mr. Winchester,” his butler says when Dean stops playing, his hands resting on the white keys. Dean turns around and sees that he’s brought Castiel with him. “Miss Novak is here.”
“I should be going,” Castiel announces when Dean yawns. “It is getting rather late.”
When he finishes the song, he stands and takes her hands carefully in his own. She looks up at him and words seem to escape them both as he lifts a hand to her face and gently caresses her cheek. Their faces are so close he can feel her breath on his lips. He closes the gap between them and presses his lips to hers. She kisses back immediately, wrapping her arms around him, her hands in his hair as she parts her lips to deepen the kiss. He pulls her against him with his free arm and loses himself in her kiss.
Close together in the 1800s, yet far, wrenched apart by two centuries. He knew with a single glance that the beautiful woman who stands here now is the same angel he’d fallen for before. He’s trusted her completely and she him. They had fought side by side. They’d once held a rich and powerful profound bond. Now, he craves her touch. He hopes every footstep is hers. He finds her eyes in every ballroom. He feels that electric jolt when she says his name with that voice. A love that spans all of time. He couldn’t be more ready to jump in with both feet.
“Dean,” he interrupts gently. “Call me Dean.”
Dean presses the keys on his piano, still far from playing anything more complicated than Mary Had a Little Lamb. He plays it slow enough that it makes the cheerful tune creepy while he thinks about the ball. He picks up the pace on the repetitive song and remembers his name on her perfect lips.
“He loves me,” Dean says adamantly. “And true love lasts a lifetime,” he adds dramatically because he’d heard it in a movie. He does believe Jeeves likes him despite the improper ways that Dean walks and talks and acts. Dean actually thinks of Jeeves as a good friend which would never be allowed if he had actually been born this century.
Dean slides out of her and steps away so he can pull up his pants while she rights her skirts. Just in time because the door opens and Dean scrambles to button faster, keeping his back facing the door as Cas sits down on the piano bench again and pats down her dress.
“What is it?” Cas asks.
All art done by the wonderful
Cas arrives that afternoon for tea and is led directly to the room where he sits at his piano. He doesn’t wait for her to sit down before he starts playing tenderly.
Dean lounges on one of the couches in the drawing room with a book open on his knees. This room has easily become his favorite. There are couches and a nice fireplace and he knows exactly where it is. He hasn’t gotten lost coming and going from this room like he has some of the others.
“Dean!” she gasps. One of his hands slams down on the keys, covering his moan as he comes. She captures his mouth and kisses him deeply until they finally stop moving.
Castiel’s hand is in his as they waltz. His other hand is on her lower back, their bodies close and their feet stepping in unison as they move as one. Before this, he’d had the first dance with her. He’d stayed on the sidelines trying not to be jealous as she danced with others. He’d failed and kept his eyes locked with hers the entire time, much more passing between them than that first night. There’s a stronger pull now. One that erases everyone else around them and leaves him alone in a room with her. Halfway through the night, she’d returned to him, sweeping him back onto the dance floor and lighting his nerves on fire as the whispers began.
“My brain is going to fall out of my skull if I read another word,” Dean says, slamming his book shut. Castiel closes her book softly and looks up at him without saying anything. “Do you eat?”
“Dean?” Cas asks as she walks into the room. “Why does she need to be on the other side of the manor?”
“Yet. But that is the entire point of this, isn’t it?” Dean asks. “Oh god, that ancient guy she’s dancing with is going to want to marry her and it’s going to be so gross.”
“It might be. I do wish to dance with him, but it wouldn’t be allowed.” She looks down. “He
“What?” Dean sits up straighter and watches Isabel’s eyes drift from her practically-dead-of-old-age partner to the doors. “There’s a ton of people over there. I can’t tell who she’s making eyes at.” Isabel blushes and looks down, her smile small.
“How was your first dance?” Cas asks as Isabel reaches them.
“Also, since we’re going out, we need to dress fancy tonight. I think Cas has a dress picked out already. Can you help me later?” He could get dressed by himself actually, except he’s always worried about ripping the coats. And he hasn’t quite figured out how to tie the cravat so it looks perfect like when Jeeves does it.
“Do we have someone on staff who can play the piano for us? Miss Novak is going to teach me how to dance,” Dean announces proudly.
“I allowed them to believe I was properly chaperoned and that many people would be here,”
“I don’t know how to do your dances,” he reminds her.
“Miss Isabel is coming this afternoon and we’re supposed to take her to a dance and chaperone and Cas said she’s staying for the weekend.” He’s excited about all of it. He likes going to parties with Cas. She’s already told him they won’t be dancing, but he remembers gossiping and that’s just as fun. He likes dressing up too. And he’s never had anyone stay over at his mansion before, so he has no idea how that’s going to go.
“She cannot attend dances
“Are you asking me to dinner, Mr. Winchester?” she asks with a small smile. He feels heat rise up his neck and into his cheeks.
“I know, I know. I’ve met one.” Dean looks back out to the dancing. It doesn’t really make sense that they’re still here watching her dance with everyone who asks when she’s already got her heart set on the footman. He remembers his own jealousy watching Cas dance with the others not even more than a few months ago. “Why can’t she dance with the only guy she wants to?”
“The poker for the fire... The one you were dancing with a weeks past? I don’t often play with fire-tending utensils, sir.”
“Right.”
“Have fun,” Cas says as she turns back to the piano. Why should he have fun getting dressed? She can’t see the questioning look on his face and he didn’t ask out loud but she answers anyway. “Coattails.”
“Do you mean 31?” she asks. Close enough. He shrugs and nods. “I can play that. And it only requires two.”
“Oh, goodness. It is good Mother isn’t here,” Isabel says, looking at Cas. “I do wish to dance with him though. He is so handsome and his eyes are kind.”
“When did you get so mushy and romantic?” Dean asks.
“We will make up a room for her at once,” Jeeves says.
“I don’t think we could’ve,” he says. “Anyway, did you have a good time?” he asks Isabel as they make their way down to the carriage that is being pulled around.
“I should. If she’s supposed to be dancing with everyone.”
“There is nothing wrong with Mr. Jacobs,” Cas says with a sigh.
“The other side of the house, sir?”
He knew he was getting closer and closer and the image of Cas in his mind seemed to slow down as he was coming nearer. There was a look on Cas's eyes he couldn't quite place, but he saw that he was anxious. Dean was too far gone to turn back now but was nervous as hell.
Like the thought of Sammy who didn't want to have to do something with him anymore, Cas would hurt equally strong. He tried to concentrate and closed his eyes. He wished for Cas, kind of prayed for him to be there. When he opened his eyes again, he had an image in mind of Cas running through the woods. Not running, but elegantly stride in a quick manner. His breath caught at the image in front of his mind.
Dean was out of the door as faster as anyone could process in this slowed down version of heaven. He saw Bobby who just nodded in the direction of something in front of him. There stood his Impala, his Baby. Exactly what he wished for now. He sprinted to his car and really wanted to hug it, but decided to just pat it on ist roof and beamed at it.
Winchester. Oh hell Nah. He was the Dean
"I still love him. I love him so much Sam", he whispered back. He hadn't realized he was crying. Now he truly was finally free. In between sobbing and ugly crying he stumbled out phrases like "why couldn't, I say something sooner?" and "He died because loving me made him happy. I should have died Sam, I should have died Sam."
He knew that Sam and he were destined to meet again, so when Sam finally said he could let go now – he did.
Yeah no, he wouldn’t say that. Also not now when Sam found Eileen again, he couldn’t bring himself to ruin what they had going on. Or better what they were getting on every night if you understand.  Dean knew that Sam didn’t really need a girlfriend to be happy, that he was fine right by his side. But with Eileen Sam had finally found something real. Something pure and beautiful. It was kind of hard to look at this image of life in front of his eyes every day, but he wished for this for his brother for so long. He smiled to himself when he saw them together even if the sting in his heart bore itself into him like an old, rusty nail.
"I – I truly, honestly love you with everything I have."
He took a step forward and he and Cas were now only a few feet away from each other. Cas was solely focused on Dean and Dean wasn't even sure if he blinked or if Cas blinked. They looked at each other right into their soul.
He had to go out then and find someone to spend the night with. Most nights he couldn’t get through with it. If he did he only thought of blue eyes, a trenchcoat, dark ruffled hair, and sometimes fluffy angel wings only there for him to touch.
Dean Winchester was finished. His heart, an abused little lump, lay bare on the ground of this wonderful clearing. He was so open like never before. It was one of the scariest things he ever did in his life but at the same time, even in death, he never felt so alive.
When Dean Winchester opened his eyes for the first time in heaven you could say he was surprised. Green hills surrounded him, a sky that was so clear it burned in his eyes and everything felt warm and welcoming. It was like someone designed this place with little golden paint strokes all over the canvas and made it a beautiful and welcoming place. It was breathtaking, even though Dean never needed to breathe again, but also it wasn't a place he ever was before.
Sam only nodded and that was all it took to let all the words all the emotion fall from Dean's mouth right there on the ground between them. He told him about Cas deal with the empty, how he said that true happiness isn't in having it but in saying it and how Cas always thought he couldn't have him. He told him how frozen up he was, he told him about the smile on Cas's face as he said goodbye and he told him how he was holding up. That he was better, yes. But that he couldn't stop thinking about Cas.
"Well, I want you. I have wanted you for such a long time now. I thought I couldn't have you. I thought a human like me could never have you, an angel oft he lord. I just – I didn't think it was possible. Loving you was – loving you was easy because I could do it on my own and shove it deep down like everything else. You became a family member to Sammy and me. For me, you were so much more, but I'd never admitted it."
"Yeah, he is. The last time I saw him he was drinking inside with Ellen, Jo, and Ash." Dean wasn't even listening anymore. Cas? Here, in heaven? Maybe it was really a heaven for Dean. He had the weird thought of checking his appearance, then he rolled his eyes at himself and went through the big wooden door inside the Roundhouse.
He started following Cass's path through the woods, always double-checking with his mind and his heart. Everything around him glowed in different shades of greens and the woods weren't scary, more inviting, and full of life. A dark contrast to purgatory all those years ago.
"Well, at least I made it to Heaven," he said more to himself taking everything in. If Sam would have heard how surprised he sounded he would probably have hugged him like the time when he opened up for the first time. "Yep.", someone answered and Dean twirled around in pure shock.
He was more scared of the reaction of his father. Yeah, John was dead, thank Chuck in a way, but he always felt like a disgrace to him no matter what. He was afraid because of the society, he was scared because losing Castiel would be worse if they were together before, and most importantly he was scared of himself.
" Well, Cas helped. It's a big new world out there. You'll see."
"I need to see him now!", Dean pressed out.
Then he talked with Claire. After her talking about a new girl she really liked but was hesitant to talk and open up to he quietly said, "I miss Castiel, you know?". Claire only nodded and drank another big gulp from her milkshake. "I really mean it. I would do everything to have him sit beside me right now", he added and stiffened while he cringed over his own words. Claire only stood up in the diner and hugged him tightly and if someone said that Dean lost a tear he would probably shoot them in the legs.
Cas didn't move at first, but you'll clearly see his shocked expression. His lips were slightly parted and something glinted betraying in his eyes. "How could you ever think I don't feel the same anymore?", he rasped out in his deep voice.
When he finally reached him, he stood at a beautiful clearing. The light had different shades of gold and it got caught in the thick, dark brown curls of the angel and looked like a little halo. Cas had his back to Dean but stood stiff. Dean was out of breath, but not because oft he running he did. His throat was tied up and he needed to take a few deep breaths to calm himself.
"Please don't leave me." Dean sounded like a little boy all over again. "Please don't leave me ever again." A few years before he would have thought he sounded pathetic. Now he knew, he needed to not only always keep fighting and go down swinging – but always keep fighting for everything. Especially for everything that you love.
" Was. Now I'm not. That kid of yours – Jack I heard-, before he went wherever, made some changes here. Busted my ass out. And then he, well, set some things right. Tore down all the walls. Heaven ain't just reliving your golden oldies anymore. It's what it always should have been. Everyone is happy, everyone together. Rufus lives about five miles that way. With Aretha. Thought she'd have better taste. And your mom is somewhere here as well, she's got a place over yonder. It ain't just Heaven, Dean. It's the Heaven you deserve. And we have been waiting for you."
Yes, you guessed it, Dean Winchester was dead. He could look back on far too much happening and a surprisingly long life. Considering he was a hunter and all that crap. 5 years had passed, since he, his brother Sam and their son the Nephilim Jack had defeated god. These years were a blast – kind of. After years of not being fully free, they had fucking deserved their break. For a week Dean had only watched TV and stayed in bed. After this, he got out with Sammy and sat on a bench for nearly an hour doing exactly nothing. He visited Jody and Donna and then the girls. He checked on Garth and his family, on Charlie and her lovely girlfriend, and enjoyed live – nearly. It took him 2 months and a lot of alcohol to open up about Cas. It was hard thinking about him and even worse speaking about him. Whenever Sam brought up the issue, he quickly changed it to Jack or even their dog Miracle. He just didn’t know what to say.
Before Dean had the chance to answer, Castiel took the last step forward, lifted his head to angle his lips just right and reached with his firm hands around Dean's neck, and pulled the hunter in. When their lips touched for the first time it wasn't like both of them had ever imagined or dreamed about. They thought it would be rough, raw, and desperate.
"Ash is –", Jo stopped herself as she saw the look in Dean's eyes. She had seen this look before, and she knew exactly what it meant. "Sorry, Cas just went away a few minutes ago – or years – who knows. Time is strange up here, but he will surely come back."
He put his hands around Cas's soft hips to steady himself and felt hot all over as the angel's hands started playing with the hair at the back of his head. The kiss turned more heated and Dean's body moved on his own. The kisses before in his life were always controlled and precisely planned. He knew how to hit which button. Here he was clueless for the first time and went with what felt good instead of what he knew would make the best impression. He explored what he wanted with his lips, and with his tongue and with his teeth. The end buttons of his synapses were tingling and he had the feeling of pure happiness flowing into his body. It was like a drug and he was definitely addicted.
It feels like the moment after they arrive, Isabel is swept off into a dance. The man who’d swooped in for the first dance looked nice enough if not too old for a sixteen-year-old, but Cas had approved it. Dean had gone to find drinks before making his way back to Cas. He sits in the chair next to hers and looks out at the crowd of high society ladies and gentlemen delicately dancing as they size each other up.
“She fancies you, Dean. No, she won’t be irritated if you accompany us.” Cas takes a bite of her honey-smeared bread while Dean laughs.
He pulls Cas away from Jeeves and lowers his voice. “You are not quiet and I never want you to be quiet. And she will be here for a whole weekend.”
“I’ve done worse,” Dean mutters. Cas looks alarmed and he remembers that she doesn’t know that yet. He would correct himself and say that no one innocent was on that list, but that would be a lie. He clamps his mouth shut. “Isabel, remember? We’re here for her.” Cas makes a noise and looks back toward the dance floor where Isabel is now walking back toward them.
“I will be otherwise occupied.” He doesn’t know why his heart sinks at this. He does, he just doesn’t want to admit it. He’s losing hope in going home, but he feels safe with Cas here. He feels like maybe he doesn’t need to make it back if Castiel is by his side. The angel he’s in love with in the twenty-first century is here, sitting at the same table with him in the nineteenth. The only difference had been that she didn’t know him, but as they continue to spend most of their days together, she’s starting to.
“Are you better now though?” Dean asks again. Despite the different vessel and time period, Dean had been worried. When she’d fallen into his arms, panic had gripped him. He’d stayed up that night, playing softly on his piano as he blamed himself for possibly hurting her just in a selfish attempt to go home. He hadn’t thought it would have that effect on her. It didn’t matter what form Castiel was in, Dean cared deeply for them.
“Are you feeling better?”
Dean follows after where he’d seen Cas disappear to and hears her voice singing over the soft playing of the piano. He walks along the path of notes laid out for him until he finds himself in the empty ballroom. Cas’ eyes are closed as she plays, her eyebrows furrowed just a little. He watches her fingers dance over the ivory delicately and feels himself smile.
“Oh, excuse me,” a maid says quickly before the door shuts again. Dean can’t help it. He bursts out laughing and Cas giggles.
“I didn’t say anything,” he protests quietly before helping her up into the carriage. They sit beside each other facing Isabel. She’s buzzing with excitement still. She’s probably been waiting for this for her entire life. Now it’s here and she’s riding in a carriage that belongs to the wealthiest family in town, her favorite sister as her chaperone, and pearls in her hair.
“I know. I’m not happy about it either, but we have to get out of here before you burn this entire estate to the ground.” She holds onto his arm as she looks around him. Isabel has gotten away from him and is almost to them now.
They fall into a routine of sorts. They take chaperoned walks in town when they have to go shopping for ingredients for their failed spells and she uses her power to ditch the chaperone so they can go back to his manor and dive into lore books. Little is known about time travel, and less still about angels. His library here is less equipped than the Bunker he has in the future.
“Well, yes.” She pauses, frowning a little while she thinks. “She had been ailing while I was in search of a vessel. She had smallpox and I had a mission. She’s since healed, but I still have a mission from Heaven to complete.”
“No. I guess? Maybe. You don’t eat anyway.” He remembers his Cas being affected by Famine, his vessel craving the burgers that Cas was eating like no tomorrow. “Is your vessel alive?”  It’ll never be comfortable to think about Jimmy Novak being alive during that first couple of years. Novak. He forces himself not to do a double-take as he realizes that Grace is probably related to Jimmy. Cas had said something about it running in their blood.
“No, I don’t believe you have.” She smiles and dips her chin, looking up at him through her thick lashes.
“Certainly, sir.” Mr. Butler bows his head. He leaves to go get Isabel’s rooms prepared and ready Dean’s outfit for tonight.
“Yes, sir,” Mr. Butler answers. If Dean didn’t know better, he’d say his butler was becoming increasingly amused by his antics. “The ballroom.”
“Is that Miss Smith?” Dean asks, nodding in her direction.
“I don’t know how else to say this. Mrs. Winchester and I would be willing to help to make sure Miss Isabel is happy and you seem to be the object of her desires or however that phrase works. Right? So?” Dean should have sent Cas over.
“It’s good I finished my homework during lunch.”
“Whose sex life?” Dean asked sliding near Cas, with food that rivaled Cas’ amounts, and kissed him soundly on the cheek.
