She came closer, looked down at the charred end of the branch and back at Sherlock.  "Lightning struck wood,” she said, turning back to me and giving my arm a squeeze.
“But you don’t think that now?”
"Who only likes the flavour of ancient Londoners?" Sherlock scoffed.
That surprised me.  I had expected him to hurry back to the laboratory.
“Damn!” I shouted and stamped my foot.
The band there got tighter.
“Not at all.  If you feel up to it tomorrow night, we can plant them in the forest, or in the park, if you prefer – anywhere you like.  The twigs will root and leaf, and they’ll never tire of telling the tale because they’ll be able to say they were here.  That will give them precedence over the ones that only heard it on the wind.”
Sherlock stepped onto the terrace, feet bare.
Sherlock’s arm tightened across my chest.  I closed my hand over his.
“Thank you, Doctor Holmes,” I said and looked over at him.
I had not been told where to report for work, but the library or the laboratory seemed the likeliest.
found him for us.  Whichever way it was, it is good that he is with you, Sherlock.”
, isn’t it?”  Although the tune wasn’t quite the same.
He lifted his eyes to mine.  “It’s locked.  Try opening it.”
“You put her up to this?” Sherlock asked me.
He shrugged.  “I will not say no, but the effect will be short-lived as there are things we must each do after the bands are on to seal the charm.”
Two buses grumbled over the bridge.
I took a deep breath and hesitated to continue, less sure of the second verse.  The violin wove the melody into another shape; mist rolled over green hills, sandstorms scoured rocky crags.  The familiar tune returned and the words came to me.
“Of course, her gorgeous research assistant must be a great help.”
“John.  John, look in the east.”
“Of course, dear,” she said and put a plate with the cake slice near my mug.
Puck bounced onto his toes.
Mrs Hudson took the harp away with a smile.  Mr Holmes rushed towards the open doorway and I followed.
“No,” Sherlock said, shaking his head.
“Starving,” I replied and we stepped over the threshold.
Sherlock put his hand on my knee.  “No doubt that played a part, but it wasn’t the whole reason.”
Possibly not here, they haven’t.
They were full of gold bands, one so large it hung over his wrist.  I ducked my head and saw that its circle wasn’t complete.
“What does he know?” Sherlock grumbled, turning.  His lips found my neck, a hand slid beneath my arm and down my side.  “I like this one,” he murmured, clutching one of my buttocks possessively.
Yeah.
John huffed at the image, shook his head at yet another fragment of dream surfacing from what he had come to call ‘the night of dreams’.
She put her hand on my arm.  “I mean, when you were ill.”
I let my arm drop to my side.
“They are sharing trees, a particular kind of sharing tree,” he replied.
I looked up at that.  “When did you start working here?” I asked.
Sherlock wondered if John could see him.  He had such good eyes.
“The coachman left long ago with it.  I’m surprised you didn’t notice; he wasn’t quiet about it.”
“I am sorry.  I picked up more hours at the surgery for tomorrow and Friday,” John said.  “I would very much have liked to have met him.”
I threw the covers back and went to the window.  From the leaden London sky, I could not tell what time it was, but my watch declared it to be nearly mid-day.  I pushed my arms through the sleeves of my dressing gown as I descended the stairs.  The sitting room door was ajar.
“Yes.”
On the dark water, two swans swam.  The ripples following in their wake caught the light, pink and white and gold.
It was a drink of spring water.  I parted my lips.  His tongue touched mine.  Fresh spring water, bubbling up from the earth, quenching all thirst.
In the pit, Sherlock stood motionless, fingers steepled under his chin, eyes flickering from the dark corners of the galleries to the numerous openings behind, beneath and above the stage.
I growled.
I drew in a sharp breath at the size of the space and the dazzle of rainbow prisms bouncing back and forth between the mirrors that stood in place of windowpanes along both sides of the room.  I would not be surprised to learn that the vast hall went all the way to the parallel road as there were four windows on the distant opposite wall, if the closed curtains were not disguising something other than windows.
In the morning, I didn’t even make tea.  I grabbed the bundle from the box, perched on the top step and began peeling away layers of newspaper.  Whatever it was, it had certainly been carefully wrapped.
"No, their lives ended quite locally," Sherlock said, "but not now.  That's why no record of them has survived, regardless of nationality, just like the others."
I smiled against his cheek, rocking gently back and forth, and humming a tune I had never heard.
When Wiggins had set the garment to hanging just right, he clasped a leather belt tooled with intertwining vines about my hips, its thick brass buckle polished bright.
John watched the creature drink.
“Well, those were their ideas,” Mrs Hudson said.  “So, what do you say about the marbles?”  She looked over her shoulder towards the hall.  “But maybe we should empty out the jar to check it first, in case there’s something else in there besides marbles.”
Sherlock smiled.  “Go on, then.”
“Why here?” John asked as they crossed the road.
I checked the floor for the traces of our steps.  Sherlock’s had turned barbed and silvery and were wrapped around some leech-like thing that squirmed not far from my feet.  Its gaping jaws were ringed with needle-sharp teeth.  It gurgled and disappeared with an odd jingling sound and a puff of smoke that stunk of formaldehyde.
“That was one of our early cases.  You were still so young.  And he’d captured that, with his chemicals.  He’d captured the image of your youth on paper.  They are beautiful photographs.”
“I am a curse, then.  I shouldn’t have tempted you,” John said.  He rubbed his brow back and forth over the ridge of Sherlock's spine.
“Oh, it’s the one I always use,” she said.
I took the flask and sniffed.  It smelled like all the flowers I like, some of which I’m quite sure shouldn’t be ingested, but I took a sip anyway.  I smelt honeysuckle and lilac, lily-of-the-valley…a favourite of my nan’s; a little violet maybe, but above all, rose.  I took another sip and the smells and the tastes converged.  It was every memory of spring condensed on my tongue, rising to my brain, then drifting away.  I wanted them back.  I tipped the flask up and let the brew flow down my throat.  I handed the bottle back empty.
“Good instincts,” Sherlock said.
He’d sat up on his knees and was daintily dabbing at a trickle of semen near the corner of his mouth.
“But there are ones online,” John interjected.
John curled his arm behind Sherlock’s neck and pressed his face against Sherlock’s hair.  “I realised when I shot the fireplace, that I would do anything for you, forgive you anything.”  He waited until he caught Sherlock’s eye.  “Don’t take that as encouragement.”
“Why didn’t they just light a torch at the fire before they doused it?” I asked.
“What?  Do we have to wait until after I’ve dispatched those cocks?  Is that some sort of rule?”
A clear spring sky arched above the huge, cobbled courtyard where we stood.  I glanced over my shoulder.  The door behind us was a massive oak, iron-studded exterior door rather than the glass-panelled interior door we had opened.  Greyish blocks of stone, that might once have been white, rose to a height of several storeys on all sides of us, each wall interspersed with diamond-paned mullioned windows, open to the mild air on the upper floors.  The fountain we had left behind us, splashed a few paces in front of us.  Two fine black stallions, their wings folded neatly at their sides, drank avidly from its basin.  Well beyond the fountain, the two-storey high arch of the gate yawned.  The spikes of its portcullis looming above the head of the carter who was guiding a wagon laden with casks through the archway.  One of the stallions looked up and whinnied at the cart horses.
Sherlock laughed.  “Decidedly not.
My lips skidded over cotton and came to rest beneath his ear.  Another warm, sweet spot.  I suckled the taut skin.
“An 1893 diary belonging to Madeline,” Sherlock said, holding up a book with black ribbons dangling from the covers.  The entry for 23 April 1893 reads:  ‘at half seven this morning, Anabel Alberta Usher Simpson entered this world, six months after my beloved Albert was taken from us both.’  Folded between the pages for 23 and 24 April is a birth certificate for Anabel Alberta Simpson Usher, born on 23 April 1893, daughter of Roderick Arthur Alfred Usher and Alberta Georgiana Simpson, recorded 10 May 1893.  Dr Adamantine signed it as a person present at the birth, relationship:  attending physician.  Tucked into the back of the diary is a telegram from Adamantine to Madeline:  ‘Arriving Euston 10 May 1 PM train from Manchester.  Please meet with carriage.  Must return on evening train, your mother insists.’”
“You never asked,” he replied and struck the metal with his hammer again.
The boat didn’t even rock.
In my absence, Sherlock had rolled onto his stomach, the arm with the phone in hand stretched across the bed.  He was facing me, eyes closed.  I doubted he was asleep, but he might have gone off to his mind palace.
“No, not simple at all, but it happens sometimes.”
I peered over his arm at the images.  “Never seen one here,” I said.  “Have you?”
Sherlock held out his arm from beneath my cloak.  It was streaked with dried blood, but his mother rested her arm along it as though it were swathed in silver brocade.  Together, they crossed the room to Lord Holmes and me.
His face creased in glee.
“Your scar, precisely rendered,” he added, setting the card on the table.  He looked down at me.  “You’ve clearly been studying them.  Any theories?”
A bit of tea sloshed over the side as he took the cup.
“…you couldn’t come to those conclusions about the interrogator’s wife in your usual ways?  Yes.”  John’s hand stilled.  “I think that information came to you along with your other deductions about this man, whom you desperately needed to manipulate, but that your awareness of his wife's affair came via this affinity with fire, which includes..."  John trailed his fingertips over Sherlock's belly.  "...the metaphorical fire of passion.”
“Got any good private clients lined up?” he asked as he rounded the car.
He shifted to the side.  Water dripped onto my back.  A small cloth settled on top of the droplets, something wet fell on top of both, then they were rolled up together.
“I’ll put it in back,” John said to the cabby and slid the case in past Mrs Hudson.
“Ah, Watson, there you are!  You’ve slept the whole morning away.” Holmes set aside his violin and watched me as I circumvented the papers and periodicals strewn upon the floor.  “You aren’t ill, are you?”
Baskerville rammed into the side of the lioness.
“The same way I changed the clay into gold to finish your bands,” he said, not looking up.
If I had not seen the things I had, I might have thought she was taking the piss, but since I had, nothing struck me as impossible.
“No ergot, which is the most common mould associated with hallucinations.  An array of the moulds found in dank places, mostly
I could see it then, blocking our path.  My hands tightened on the willow.
He nipped at his wrist and held it out.
I heard the wood snap.
There was a brief tuning of instruments and then the musicians began to play.
“See how the light glimmers within him, even in this dark hour, like obsidian or a black diamond?  He is a rare one, I will keep him and polish him,” Sherlock continued.
“Damn!”
It’s merely a fact.
I heard him gasp.  It was a sweet, surprised sound.
~~~~~~oo0oo~~~~~~
“There are preparations to be completed,” Sherlock continued, kneeling over me, a knee to each side of my thighs.  “But at this season, it would be unkind of me not to help you.”
Although my feet remained sure, fatigue was beginning to dull my brain; I lacked the alertness to deal with one more puzzle.  Resting my head on Sherlock’s chest was what I wanted to do, but our current dance, a waltz of some sort, didn’t bring us close enough.  “Can you tell me then, why they were so pleased…Magnus…met his end?  Or was it all part of the entertainment?”
She looked over her shoulder at Sherlock.  “At least, you weren’t tempted to go with him.”
I’d write of him in a thousand lines,
I raised my hand and stroked down the scales on his back.
Sherlock stretched his wings and fell from the ledge.
Silently, I vowed to refrain from such displays.  Holmes could take care of himself as well as any man I knew and I had no evidence that he intended the privileges he had granted me to be exclusive.  I had pondered the matter on the train ride back to London as it had begun to rain.
and Here. We. Go!
"In the second drawer of the desk there," he said, motioning with his good hand.
"Continue," Mycroft prompted.
Watson blinked. “I- haven’t really had much difficulty ‘holding’ it,” he protested. “Whoever these vampires are sending, they must not be sending their best.”
"Excellent," Newman said with a smile that was profound in it's emptiness.
After they had been left alone again Watson sighed, ran a hand through his hair, and sat down. Then he took Holmes’ hand, and dared the world to say anything about it.
Holmes reacted instinctively, because his doctor (
“And wot am I to do, after the birds is cared for?” Holmes asked.
“Had Newman been the one to attack me, I would have. I had thought to frighten him off. At the time I believed him to be one man working alone; I did not know he was a thrall.”
"It may be for the best that you do not," he replied, instructing Watson to bring him a pen and paper. "In fact, you may wish to for us to quit each other's company entirely, for the thrall's duration. You may keep an eye on me still, if you think it necessary, but the less of you I see the better overall. I cannot reveal what I do not know."
“Are you all right?” Holmes asked immediately, his thoughts tinged with concern.
Watson stopped and looked up sharply, eyes narrowed in suspicion. “What are you planning, Holmes? What is there about this business you haven’t told me?”
I will! You’re half dead already, you need a damn surgeon! Two of them!”
"Take more care around these men than you usually would," Watson cautioned, belaboring the point, "you have no one to watch your back now."
That was in fact the very last thing Watson wished, but he saw no recourse. Once again, Holmes was right. It was easily the most infuriating thing about him.
“And what was his sin?”
you here?"
A chill ran down Watson's spine, an all too human reaction. The pieces finally slid together. "You think he lures indigents to him with the promise of employment - as he did Blevins - holds them prisoner in the cellar, then kills them?"
Sturgerson nodded and opened the door for them, leading Holmes and the boy to the one area of the Diogenes’ where speaking was permitted; a small but well-appointed sitting room called the Stranger's room, where visitors could be received. Georgie pushed his chair over to a table with a crystal water decanter atop it, and Sturgerson departed with a deep bow.
"Mmmm, are you familiar with Ophiocordyceps unilateralis? It was discovered about twenty years ago by a gentleman named Wallace."
...and Holmes had never known.
Newman stepped forward. By the time Father Deighton called him off, Holmes had lost three teeth and a fair amount of blood. His head was lolling, blood dripping down his face and into his mouth, slick iron taste like gunmetal. His skull might be broken, his nose definitely was.
The Diogenes club at Pall Mall was one of the most exclusive and peculiar clubs in all of London. Far from being a place for conversation and socializing, it's members were forbidden to speak to each other at all, and passed the time in what could only be described as ‘companionable solitude’, each busying himself with his own thoughts and hobbies while staunchly ignoring his fellow constituents, who returned the favor with zealous equanimity. Its membership had long boasted to be comprised of some of the most unsocial and misanthropic men to be found in the whole of the city.
"You should eat," she suggested. "Hard to heal a body on an empty stomach."
Holmes whimpered and moaned but didn’t wake. He was limp and feverish, bleeding head lolling against Watson’s chest, shattered body a deadweight in his arms. To Watson he felt as light and fragile as a crippled bird.
Watson did not technically require air but he huffed anyway; it made him feel better. He was beginning to see how easily Holmes could talk him round in circles. He decided to change the subject. "Is this what you do most evenings? Experiment?"
"When was the last time you fed?" He demanded. He was never more aware of the danger that was John Watson than now. Whatever was left of the man, he only barely had a hold on the monster tonight, and that grip was slipping.
"Aye. I kin clean a coop."
Father Deighton's face went sallow with anger. "Mister Holmes-" he began, but Newman stepped forward, interrupting.
Watson knew this, of course. He could feel it; the emotions and thoughts thrumming through Holmes like an echoing drum beat. "You're healing so well," he approved, fingers trailing over the skin of Holmes' shoulder as it knit itself together, millimetre by millimetre. And then he was pressing their lips together, because he could, and because Holmes’ wanted him to anyway.
“And did he say anything odd, the last week or so of his life?”
mind would hardly need to be accelerated."
"I believe I can manage that," Watson said as Holmes unlocked the door.
Thralls, it was explained, were frequently used as messengers between one vampire and another. Eating the messenger was generally considered rude but not unforgivable and in some instances it was expected, most notably in whatever rituals seemed to pass for courtship among vampires. It was considered a precursor to “lovemaking” for vampires to send each other thralls that contained the sender’s blood,  which was to be drunk by the receiver. If they approved of the taste, it was customary to drain the thrall completely, akin to ‘cleaning one’s plate’, so to speak. To drink without killing was considered a rejection of favor.
"Yes but...it was some time ago, and cobblestones are no friend of the wounded."
Holmes stared at him hard and then turned away with a shake of his head, as if finding Watson lacking. "You are offended, but that is because you misunderstand me. I am not suggesting you are a mindless drone, overrun and helpless, without free will or thought of your own. Clearly you are not. What I am saying is that there is
Mycroft was indeed watching, a heavy glower on his face and Watson felt some of his ardor wilt beneath that flinty gaze. Holmes had been right; his brother was not a man to be trifled with, and apparently the ability to make him feel like a naughty schoolboy was a talent that ran strong in the Holmes’ line. He cleared his throat.
“Damn it,” he swore softly, for it had not been his intent to make any noise.
"Either the thrall must go to the master or the master must go to the thrall. It is clear the sire did not wish to enter London, therefore Newman had to make himself available. “
Watson sucked his lip between his teeth, and knew he should let the matter drop. But he had never been much good at doing what he should. "'We'?"
The man had seen Watson feeding from his wife and, understandably terrified, brought his suspicions to the church. Then he -- along, no doubt, with Father Newman -- convinced Langley to take up arms against the doctor. When that proved futile, the desperate and unhinged Montressor, now teetering dangerously on the edge of madness had lured the unsuspecting Kramer -- his friend, shop patron and fellow believer in the supernatural -- into the alley and killed him in a mad and clumsy attempt at a frame-up.
That night Holmes slipped away again, and in the morning Mr. Blevins was absent from his post. The money in his room remained untouched in an old tin, but his new coat was missing- it would be found later that day in an alley not far from the church, grey wool marred with a streak of blood. But of the man himself, there was no sign.
One thing was certain; Watson did indeed need to be protected during the daylight hours. Holmes suspected that were he to examine the ashy remains of the man’s home he would discover sleeping quarters in the cellar, somewhere protected from both fire and sunlight...to that end, Holmes himself could only assure one of the two.
him but not see or touch him, and it was a gnawing sort of agony. He sighed and looked longingly at his desk with it's morphine bottle secreted away... but no. Watson would be terribly disappointed in him, and he found the thought an effective deterrent against indulging.
Ah, of course. “Excellent.”
"Hmmm," Holmes agreed with a non-committal grunt. The top few buttons were still undone on his shirt, sleeves dangling like Spanish moss. He threw his coat on and draped the cravat around his neck, not bothering to tie it.
"Perhaps. But there has been a rash of disappearances among the underclass in this area; I suspect Blevins may be the latest victim."
"Oh! Dear Lord!"
“A vampire? Almost from the beginning, though I did not know the particulars until this night.”
He put himself between Mycroft and someone else.
Holmes did not have long to wait. Three and a half minutes later the cabbie returned, and a constable leapt down from the cab even before it rattled to a full stop, running to Holmes's side.
Watson peered at the closed door as though he could see all intentions through it. "Really?"
"If you disbelieve everything I say then what is the point of asking me anything at all?"
the presence of Another, a vampire – its tortured, diseased mind, its overwhelming hunger.
"There now," he panted, getting himself sorted out at last, "straight as arrows..."
He harrumphed at her and continued past, but paused on the landing, his hand going to the chain around his neck, the silver band of ivy leaves next to his heart. He closed his eyes, head bowed in something akin to prayer, then he turned and went back to the kitchen.
But Holmes had a considering look on his face. “How long would it last?” he asked, and Watson again had to stifle the urge to throttle him for his own good.
“I’m investigating his murder.”
“Righteousness,” Holmes spat, mouth curdling around the word. “Is that what this is?” He indicated the injured man at their feet.
“Use your head, Sherlock,” he snapped, sounding much as he had when they were children. “Set aside your sentiments, examine the situation logically and you will see that all Stamford did, he did for your welfare.”
He pulled the cravat from his neck and fashioned a crude tourniquet, wrapping it tightly around his thigh and applying pressure to the wound with his jacket. The smell of blood filled his nose, the whole room heavy with it.
“How did you meet?”
Holmes smiled placatingly, bowed low, and left. His next visit was to doctor Watson's practice.
the cuckolded husband might have spoken to Langley and asked him to frighten the doctor off. If there was a confrontation between Jackson and Langley it could have ended in the later's death."
"It is not your safety I am chiefly concerned with," Holmes retorted. "This business sets
“Doctor Jackson died in a house fire,” Holmes insisted, and Deighton’s face curved in sorrowful smile, his eyes sad.
"A good deal, though nothing that accounts for what Watson and I have experienced. My own condition is well documented, but I can find no explanation for the reciprocation of feeling. The only reasonable conclusions that can be drawn is that the thrall was done incorrectly, or he is lying."
"But you do not know why?"
"You know I can do nothing but disagree. I
"Were they indeed? Whole or partially burnt?"
“I've got food for you, if you'll have it!"
“Aye, he did, among his other ravings. He also insisted that Jackson was a vampire himself; could only be killed by fire. He's mad as rabbits, but it's curious sort of claim to make, in light of everything else. So we talked the parishioners again. It seems a number of rumors have been spreading about the doctor; everything from simple infidelity to far more fantastical stories.”
Watson stepped gracefully aside as Holmes barreled past. “I have. Remind me again why I am letting you commit arson and torch both my home and practice.”
“Then you know what I am going to say next.”
"Well, I am sorry Doctor Jackson, but I cannot possibly help you if you are not honest with me."
"And is this any better a drug than cocaine or opium? All control a man's will and drive him to eventual madness."
"No?” Jackson asked, a dangerous timbre to the word. “Why not? By your own definition I am alive in some way or another, and a man plans to murder me. Is it not justice to aid in his capture?"
WE'RE BACK ON OUR BULLSHIT!
“Indeed, indeed,” Holmes agreed, and moved closer, as Watson was obviously in the aforementioned category of privileged individuals.
"Indeed." Watson stood again and left to wander about the house, making certain to leave a trail of bloody footprints down the stairs and to the door first.  As chance would have it there was a journal, thick sheets of vellum pressed between dark leather. Watson only glanced at it long enough to confirm it belonged to Father Deighton, then quickly returned to Holmes. He didn’t like leaving him alone.
A muscle twitched near Holmes' eye. Watson was certain it meant something, but he could not fathom it. Holmes was as much a cipher to him now as he had been a month ago.
"I would explain, but you would hardly trust my words." He was taking in this revelation in stages, readjusting all he thought he knew of his brother and his life. (It seemed the world had him readjusting his thoughts quite a lot, lately.)
Trigger warnings: none (But we apologize in advance for the massive amounts of exposition in this chapter)
"Stranger things have happened," he replied airily. "Shall we talk of my being discharged?"
would get his attention," Lestrade snorted.
The morning dawned cold and sharp, frost leaving fingerprint whorls on the window panes as it passed through the city, pushed forward on an icy autumn wind, the world turning cold and grey beneath a hard October sky.
Mycroft gave a derisive snort which Holmes ignored as he continued. “The vicar was attempting to cure the boy via faith; keeping him locked away, chained to a bed and fed a steady stream of homeless indigents. I would have been next, save for the doctor. He killed both vicar and priest, dispatched the boy and the rest you read of in the paper. Killing vampires seems to be something of a hobby of his; he certainly has no love for his own kind.”
"Thank you Clarky; that will be all. I shall send word to the Yard with my progress."
“Nearly always. But you are not human; your eyes do not reflect your thoughts so openly.”
"Holmes-" Lestrade stepped away from Gregson, pulling Holmes aside with a hand on his arm. "Is it necessary?" he asked, voice lowered conspiratorially. "Do you think you'll gain evidence from going up there right now that can't be found on the body later?"
“How,” Holmes asked calmly, “am I to stop you from seeing what I am thinking when you are privy to my innermost thoughts?”
The man nodded and stood, taking the letter and throwing it into the fireplace before leaving quickly out the back door.
"You have rid the city of vampires; obviously not of their influence. You say it has been so for fifty years. What has happened in the mortal world since then? I speak in a general way, and specifically of England.
"Solitary creatures, then. That does make sense."
"I could look in the vicar's room for a journal, if you like."
“Will that be enough time for the corpse to burn beyond recognition?”
upon, the rest of it falls away - it is an unspeakable relief. How did you fare? It was certainly an odd sensation on this end."
Holmes paid the man no heed, following the priest into the relative warmth and dryness of the church.
“For a member of the Diogenes, I’d have thought you’d take your post more seriously.”
Holmes hummed in not-quite agreement. “My present state, yes. As to that point, you must remove my bandages.”
"Oh?" Watson’s eyebrow quirked at the revelation, slight smile tugging at his mouth.
“And you say he knew his killer?”
He was an utter lunatic. Among the patrons of Saint Cyprian’s he was known as an impulsive and anxious man, easily disturbed, with the singular habit of cornering unwary parishioners and regaling them with horrific stories of his time in the war. It was no secret the man was of unsound mind and requested a private meeting of confession with the vicar nearly every day.
Holmes considered that, scratching absently at his cheek. He was acutely aware that he was the proverbial lamb lying down with the lion, but he had little choice. Watson was right in the thick of this thing, and he needed someone with Watson's insight and knowledge to help navigate this bizarre underworld. Dangerous as Watson might be - and he was very dangerous, there was no mistaking that - it would be far more so to work the case without him. In any respect Stamford had trusted him, and he had trusted Stamford. With his life, even.
There was light below, and a low moaning sound, and Newman’s voice echoing up the stairwell, “-giveth thy blood, and he shall be cleansed.”
She huffed at him in response, but tarried long enough he had time to make himself look presentably pitiable; his arm back in the sling and leg propped onto pillows.
"Indeed. Who can say what either of us shall feel a week from now? But regardless, it has been a gift. Kiss me again."
When he received nothing but more silence Deighton sighed and turned towards the door, taking Newman with him. As they stepped over the threshold he heard the vicar speak quietly to his friend.
“I was not indoctrinated into the inner circle of the Diogenes until a few years ago. Before that I was a causal member, and had no inkling of its true purpose. I am afraid I never met Mister Stamford in an environment where we could speak freely. But given he was your friend, it seems likely that he did.”
"Is that so," he replied, then turned his questions in another direction. "But now tell me, exactly how
“Of course,” Dieghton replied, keeping eyes and gun trained firmly on Holmes. “He is a sinner, and his blood requires purification through true confession. Only then will his soul be cleansed.”
"Twice. Once before the thrall and once after. In the first instance, it was just before we staged his death. It had been too long since he'd fed and he was useless to me in such a condition; it was clear the only thing he could focus on was blood. I offered him a few pints of my own, enough to sustain him until we had concluded our business. It seemed blood freely offered was a better alternative than taking it from an unsuspecting victim, particularly as I was uncertain how strong his control over his darker half was. Fortunately for us both, he mastered himself quite well."
"Nor did I," he said, shaking his head. "Nothing... nothing I had heard could have prepared me for it." He continued to touch Holmes in an absent manner, hands stroking through his hair and running all over, mapping Holmes' body with his fingers. "I daresay anyone trying to break the thrall will have an insurmountable task before them."
He continued.
to kill me. You did not, and there am I in your debt. You were a dear friend of Stamford and he is dead because of me; there am I in his debt. I have preserved your life - such as it is - and your secrets, at the cost of some few scruples I had left. I cannot say given the thing to do over again I would make the same choice, but what is done is done. I think given all, we can call the debts paid." He saw no reason to be gentle; Watson had lived two lifetimes in the world and was bound to exist for many more. What could
"Did you visit my flat last night?" Holmes demanded immediately, and he was
“If the men who did this are dead, and their prisoner fled, how would I account for being bandaged and cared for?”
“You may sleep out here,” Father Deighton was telling him, indicating a rough straw bed inside the shed near the coop. “There are blankets to ward off the chill, and a warming pan you can fill from the hearth in the kitchen.”
"He was not influencing my mind. He has been in my mind; I know the feel of it."
Watson frowned again. "I doubt that was my own sire's intention."
"It is a far more intense a connection than either of us expected," Holmes supplied from Mycroft’s other side.
"Right, very helpful," Lestrade bit out. "I'll be sure to have our men wasting their time in billiard halls."
"I don't quite understand," Watson said. "I believe vampires properly tutored by their sires have a great wealth of knowledge I lack, and access to resources I have not."
Jackson’s smile dropped, replaced by subtle annoyance. "I can be made to be much more dead than I am now. Surely you have heard of the ways to kill a vampire."
Holmes sat there, blank-eyed and jaw working soundlessly and for a  moment he looked terribly young. “He was only trying to protect me.”
“I wanted to keep an eye on things,” Watson answered cryptically, wiping his blood stained hands on a rag.
"Let us examine the facts, then. You were a man at the end of your young life, dying on a battlefield far from home. No one would have blamed you for giving up, for turning your gun upon yourself and thus ending your misery, or trying to take one more enemy with you. That is the nature of war, Watson. Yet still, your final act was one of mercy. With your dying breath you fought to save the life of another. Just one more man, and if you still had the strength, one more after that."
“No indeed," Holmes corrected, "I believe it was the vicar’s son.”
"Don't be ridiculous. We can't go through all the trouble of removing you from the public eye only to thrust you back in. You need somewhere you will be safe and concealed; both night and day."
"I know you are lying," he said gently, "but I will not insist on the truth. You have been through a trial, and it is enough to know he was here. You understand why I could not ask in front of your husband, nor in his present state of mind would he have consented to a private interview."
Watson wondered if Mycroft knew as much, and concluded it likely that he did. Perhaps that was the reason for his inexplicable change of heart, why he was suddenly eager to exploit Watson’s abilities for his brother’s benefit...for who else could act as such an anchor now? Holmes would certainly trust no other, even if the Diogenes had other psychics at their disposal. Even if he weren’t under a thrall.
Watson shook his head. “No. I mean yes, I could, but I hesitate. I could perhaps manage another drop or two but that would not be terribly helpful beyond staving off infection. To achieve the miraculous would require enough blood to make you a thrall.“
"I imply nothing; I say it plainly. You have them frightened, doctor, and they are being cautious. We can use that."
"That's quite all right madam. My I see your arm where you were...bitten?"
"It may be related, but my chief interest concerns the disappearance of a man by the name of Blevins. I understand he recently acquired work here at the church. The good father was just taking me to examine his rooms."
"Holmes!" he nearly sobbed, voice breaking and he slipped a cold hand into his trousers, fingers wrapping around him as he pulled him in for another kiss. “I’m sorry,” he said between kisses, “I can’t- this is all I can do for you.”
have some information in that regard," he said, and Holmes turned to him expectantly.
"Good morning," Holmes said, inclining his head in greeting.
At Mycroft’s tone he turned, setting his shock aside to focus wholly upon his brother. “What else have you been hiding?”
Holmes looked at him blandly, "No one is responsible for my neck but myself, and if you have called me here then you ought to give me something to do, else I might as well go back to bed."
“Not a great deal, and there we are at a disadvantage. At the moment our mysterious friend knows far more about us than we do about him. However, if we can identify this crest, we shall know a good deal more.”
Watson blinked at Holmes, utterly astonished.
For a moment nothing happened, and Watson was about to repeat his instruction, but then...oh,
Jackson grinned widely as he watched Holmes think, enough that the glint of fangs became visible behind his pale lips. "I've got the teeth, though I suppose you would say I could be using a prosthetic, yes?"
“Yes,” Watson acknowledged, reminded again of the sight of Holmes’ blood on the cellar floor, the bowl at the end of the trench half full of it. He’d understood immediately it had been intended to feed the pathetic creature in the attic, for why waste fresh blood?
Watson nodded, swallowing tightly. “That’s sorted then. What about you?”
Holmes screamed too, a painful, rasping wail that made Watson wince in sympathy and then he was gone, head slumping forward as consciousness fled.
“You know nothing of my efforts,” Mycroft snapped.
"I cannot say. Mycroft's mind is private even to myself. There could be a distinct element of danger to you, however. If he thought our association would do me more harm than good, he would not hesitate to move against you. Even for one such as yourself, you would not want him as your enemy."
It was by far the worst agony he had ever suffered. Worse even than being shot and he didn't have to look to know his leg was shattered, fractured bone sticking through flesh and the limb bent at an unnatural angle, bowing in towards his body.
It is the last thing Holmes wanted to hear, the words like physical pain. "I do not need to know where you sleep in order to see you," he argued, desperate. Yes, he would submit to Watson's will, because the thrall would hardly let him do anything else and therefore if Watson said no Holmes could not help but obey. But surely, he was allowed to plead his case.
On the third day he broke in.
He would endure any physical punishment over the slow death of ennui and Mycroft, keenly aware of this fact, had offered a solution. At least for awhile.
"Watson!" Holmes cried with a manic sort of joy the doctor suspected had a chemical origin. "Excellent. What are you wearing?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“That is strange,” Holmes remarked, apropos of nothing and Watson glanced down, torn from his momentary introspection.
Mycroft’s face was smooth and opaque as polished stone. “Consider it a scientific inquiry.”
Holmes turned to him with interest, one arm draped lazily about Watson's shoulders. "Really?"
She glanced around at the state of the sitting room with a shake of her head, gathered up a few dirty plates and left. He drank a bit, allowed himself a pipe of tobacco and then summoned nanny again to send a wire to the Yard, bothering Lestrade about the case.  If he was going to malinger, he could not be lazy about it. To hear nothing from him would arouse far more suspicion than if he kept his obstinate hand in the game. Surprisingly, it was the Inspector himself who called that afternoon. Lestrade rarely visited Baker Street in person, usually preferring to send one of his officers instead.
He sat heavily in a chair, legs collapsed beneath him and eyes still on the doctor. Watson followed him like an arrow to its mark, staring down at him in open desire.
Holmes had spent the last several days ferreting out what information he could and thus knew already what he was looking for, and the most likely places to find it. To that end his first destination was the cellar, and he paused on his way only long enough to pocket a few semi-valuable items; a silver candlestick from the table and a trinket box inlaid with pearls he found laying carelessly atop the mantle.
Holmes found himself rather distracted by the buttons on Watson's shirt, and the promise of skin underneath. "Hmm, possibly. In either case, it hardly matters. What has befallen us is an unforeseen consequence, but hardly a terrible one. I am, as you say, enamored with you, and you with me. That is a better outcome than my being helpless. As to it's permanence, we shall simply have to wait and see." Nimble fingers danced their way over Watson's shirt, popping open buttons as they went.
Watson was flummoxed. Even if the thrall had faded, Holmes should still be as susceptible to a simple Order as any mortal.
“Have you any books on heraldry? We should continue attempting to identify Newman’s Master.”
“You don’t appear unduly concerned,” Holmes observed of him, noting the man's lack of attention.
You are now a predator of predators. Evolution requires that you understand your prey, to the same degree at least that the cat understands the mouse. So, it stands you would not be stripped of your capacity to reason. If anything, it would be enhanced."
Holmes remained unmoved, pressing the tip of the letter opener against the pad of his finger, drawing a small pinprick of blood. "Calm yourself, sir. Father Newman said you had brought forth a charge of adultery against the doctor, before your other, more serious claims."
The lad took four steps into the shadows, shone the lantern around in an arc, and turned green. Holmes swooped in and snatched the light away, gauging the boy to be only moments away from parting with his last meal. “Go,” he said gruffly, “You are of no use to me here.”
"Fleeing? Why sir?" the constable asked. To his credit, he'd already started walking towards Montressor's door.
"I have suspicions. But one must always be wary of forming theories before one has all the facts."
He ground his teeth together. “He could have trusted me,” he whispered.
"And how hard was he trying?"
"The poor doctor must have been terrified. He quit just last night, you know. Must have been planning to get out of the city."
"Take off your jacket," he Ordered smoothly, sliding his hand through Holmes' hair. "And unbutton your shirt."
“I am sorry,” he whispered softly, but the stranger made no reply, too far gone for words.
"You knew I would," Holmes replied, not bothering to hide anything. "I take it that was the fellow whose pretense brought you to my door?"
"I have not learned a great deal," Holmes admitted as he fell into step behind him, "though I hope to do better now I am somewhat...unfettered. The deeper this case goes, the more difficult time I would have had shielding you from the Yard, were I bidden to go through official channels."
"And experience tells me you do not," Watson countered, offering him the sugar bowl as well.
To his surprise and relief, Holmes actually reached for the olive branch Watson held out to him.
Holmes ground his teeth at the stupidity of the question. "I need to see the
“We don’t have to do this, you know,” he said softly. Because once Holmes was under the thrall, his will would be forfeit. Whatever Watson wanted of him Holmes would grant.
"Indeed. Now, on to the business at hand. How quickly will my leg heal, doctor?"
And here
"So it would seem. Is continued contact with this ‘individual’ going to encourage further risks on your part?"
“You knew that already,” Holmes replied cheerfully, but sobered at the look on his brother shot him, sitting up with his hand pressed beneath his chin. “What is it?” he asked, then, “You have learned something. Tell me.”
"That would imply there was an attachment to begin with," he pointed out, and Watson looked quite guilty. Holmes raised an eyebrow in understanding. "Ah."
“But he would not be in Ireland still. He would be lodged somewhere close to London...if we identify the coat of arms, we may be able to uncover a record of land deeds here in England...” His mind moving at last, the steps quickly unfolded before him, each action proceeded by another and another...
Mycroft gave the expected, irritated rumble that seemed forever stuck in the back of his throat while Carruthers and the nurse together supported Holmes enough that he needn’t put weight on his broken leg as he was lifted into the carriage. Carruthers sat next to him and Mycroft squeezed in on the other side, his bulk filling nearly the entire seat. The driver snapped the reigns, the horses stamped their hooves and the carriage trundled off through the muddy London streets.
He didn’t think, he just moved, a kaleidoscopic blur of corybantic energy that carried him up the steps and into the room where Holmes sat in a cane-backed wheelchair, broken and bloody and moments away from true death. Newman’s hands were on his shoulders, already pushing him forward and Watson’s vision went red.
Mycroft reacted as well, stiffening in his seat, nostrils flaring as he fought off the Order. After a moment he shook himself free, anger flashing across his face.
"A single piece will suffice," Holmes replied, though that did not really answer the question, so Watson took matters into his own hands and quickly unbuttoned the shirt, handing it over and something told him not to expect it back in one piece.
Holmes stumped away after Newman, following him out the side door by the kitchen and across the small church grounds. At the end of the green lawn stood a sturdy cottage of grey stone. Modest in terms of the clergy, but comfortable.
The constable swung around to peer at him doubtfully. "Cavendish? Was that him then? And murder you say? I hope you have evidence, sir!"
But it was only a moment. Then he snuffed the candle and ascended the stair, making his way toward the attic rooms at the top of the cottage. He’d managed no more than two paces up the staircase in the main hall when he heard footsteps coming towards him.
"This all seems highly inconvenient," Watson said with a sad laugh. "I cannot understand how other vampires could send away their thralls. Have they no soul left?"
"Quite," he bit out, word sharp and broken off at the end, and Watson didn't need mental powers to catch the bitterness that infused it.
"Where do you suggest?" Watson asked, suspicious and, perhaps, a little hopeful.
“I will come along, of course. I would not let you face such enemies alone. In any case, if I am not there Mycroft will assume the worst.”
Holmes opened his mouth to make some pithy retort that was of no consequence to either of them. "-I am sorry I burnt your house down,” is what came out instead, and he frowned.  It was not what he had intended to say at all.
As such, when next he took notice of him Watson held a wooden tea tray between his pale hands. "Have you had anything to drink or eat since last night?" the doctor asked him, the clinking sound of china and the scent of strong tea pulling Holmes’ focus away from his experiment.
"I will believe no such nonsense.”
"Dead? What-why!?" Watson cried, thoroughly shocked and Holmes moved to quiet him at once.
It was a long hour before anything happened, minutes passing like single grains of sand through an hourglass as he lay on the floor in a pain-fogged haze. The room dipped and swooped around him, time fading in and out with his awareness and then dimly he heard a woman’s scream, and garbled voices echoing up from the floor below, distant and alarmed. Faraway footsteps thundered about the house, growing steadily nearer and finally a curate poked his head around the corner with a gasp.
"Let. Him. Go.
Holmes silenced him with another kiss, which proved quite effective. "Hush, say no more of it. I am not upset."
If Holmes noticed the impassioned tone he did not comment on it. "My nights and days were dangerous enough before we met. I do not think he will look on my present circumstance as having been improved by our acquaintance."
Jackson pulled his head back in surprise, but recovered quickly enough. "Of course," he acquiesced, baring his teeth once more. He looked predatory, less than human and Holmes had to admit he was becoming intrigued. He leaned in, examining the gleaming white fangs.
“I am...as well as can be hoped for, given all circumstance. I believe the morphine is wearing off- the nurse should be by presently.”
Unsurprising.  Mycroft Holmes had no more of a sociable bend to his personality than himself. Less than, if one were being honest. "No matter, I shall contact him myself. He has a propensity to ignore any correspondence not related to his work."
Such a conscientious monster.
"Was anyone else privy to the conversation?" Holmes interrupted and Watson shook his head.
"If they track me here, you will have a war on your very doorstep."
Holmes' patience had long worn thin and was now verging on nonexistent. He turned again, movement too quick to be born of anything but the deepest anger. "If you have something you would like to tell me, I suggest you do away with the theatrics and do so."
Under a proper thrall, you would have immediately ceased all thought of such actions after having been commanded to do so even once, and would have bitten through your own tongue rather than say anything that might contradict the Order you had been given.”
True to his word – for the moment, at least – Mycroft did not try to have Watson murdered. He sent Carruthers to Baker Street instead, instructing him to fetch some clothing and a few personal items that Holmes had requested. He then stabbed his brother in the thumb with a hat pin and collected the blood in a vial, with the terse explanation that it was needed to counteract the various protective wards that had been laid down throughout the Diogenes. And if he stabbed a bit harder than strictly necessary, well, Holmes let it pass unremarked upon. Afterwards Mycroft vanished in disgust, leaving the two of them under the watchful eye of Sturgerson...who proved not to be terribly watchful at all, choosing to sequester himself behind the front desk with a book.
Lestrade left, the constable returned and night slipped down over the city.
“Thank ye, Reverend, that’s very kind o’ ye.”
“The first night you arrived here with the doctor it was immediately apparent something was amiss, for while you were undoubtedly under a powerful thrall, its symptoms were unlike any I had yet observed, nor even heard of. Your amorous designs on the doctor were the chief clue, for you could have no such feelings if he objected to them, yet despite his repeated rejections you persisted, and no protest would stymie your campaign for long.
They tried to feed him when he next woke but his stomach was quarrelsome and uncooperative, likely as much a side effect of the morphine as any injury. He refused all but tea and even that sloshed about unpleasantly in his stomach. He despised hospitals.
Holmes waved him away and got to work. He began to read.
Somewhat surprisingly, Holmes relented. “Very well, you may remain, so long as you are gone before anyone wakes. And yes, the pain is...quite acute."
"But why kill him in this manner? What message are they trying to send? I already know they are willing to murder.”
"Ridiculous. Were I lost in the desert it should not take me forty years to find my way out again." He glanced at the clock on the wall overhanging the bar. "It is time I returned to my post. Discover what you can about your former patient; I will send you word every other day. Should my missives stop do not hesitate to seek me out. You might start by looking in the clergy house cellar, behind the hidden door along the eastern wall."
His eyes rolled back into his head as the Order took hold of his mind and he attempted to lift himself pathetically out of the chair and towards the ravenous vampire as the two men quickly pushed him across the room. Newman hastily undid the leather cuffs around Holmes’ wrists as the demon’s eyes bored into his mind.
When the reverend finally returned it was with another man of the cloth, a younger man who nonetheless seemed to carry years upon his back. "This is Father Newman," he said, "he is visiting our parish for a time, and is a guest in my house.”
"Well, let us hope no message is required then," he said dourly.
“A vampire laying claim to city typically means more death," Sturgerson spoke up, “for he brings his clan with him. Even for smaller clans, the numbers add up. To hold a city the size of London, the clan would have to be substantial.”
Holmes glanced at him, sucked in a breath with a slow hiss. "Were that my intention I would not have agreed to help you in the first place. My mind is far from made up about you, but its verdict will hinge entirely upon your own actions. I do not know what crimes you have committed in the past, though I can tell easily enough they burden you. That burden alone proves you have not left your humanity entirely behind. That, and Stamford's opinion of you give me reason enough to trust you. For now."
“I do not think so. You say vampires treat their thralls as food and tools, if such is the case then we can conclude our own situation to be unique.”
“Any ideas?” the Inspector asked him, eyeing the roof again. Holmes replied “Several,” then left, leaving Lestrade staring after him, mouth opening and closing in helpless frustration.
Watson listened to Holmes acutely, chin pressed into his hand and a wan smile forming on his face at the certainty in Holmes' voice, his unmovable conviction. "What is a predator, when he is self-aware?" he pondered. "We excuse the lion its violence because it knows not what it does. What then is my moral alignment?"
“I see.” It would be good for a few hours distraction, at least. And afterwards...
The next day, James Montressor attempted to flee.
"Tell me, Mister Holmes, do you believe in the supernatural?" The question was asked with all due respect, but the doctor’s tone made it plain what answer he expected.
It was long past visiting hours by the time Watson arrived at Saint Thomas' hospital in Westminster, it's cold, corpse colored walls reflecting the bilious yellow glow of the gas lamps, and the hallways filled with the tangy scent of medicinal soaps that nonetheless failed to completely scrub away the low undercurrent of death and sickness that permeated the air. He made his way towards Holmes room with a purposeful stride and the tawny haired constable on guard outside stood as he drew close, eyes watchful and wary.
Mycroft sighed again. “Because he thought it best for you not to know, and I agreed with him.”
"I do not want you to go," Holmes said petulantly, and folded Watson’s cold hand into his own.
But Watson still hesitated. “And you- you would be all right with that?”
Holmes opened his mouth, paused, closed it again, a crease appearing between his brow. For a long moment he said nothing, lost in a silent glower. When he finally spoke his voice was quiet, strained with some unidentifiable emotion. “I- was uncertain of your loyalties.”
In the back rooms of the Diogenes - where casual members were not allowed - Mycroft passed a written letter to another senior member.
"Was there a single light overhead?" he asked, knowing the answer already.
"Good man," Holmes said, then he held out his hand.
"Yes, through true confession," the reverend affirmed, "and a trial of faith. But such honest repentance can be difficult to achieve."
"Did you hire him to keep an eye on me!?" he demanded, glaring up at his brother. "Before, or after we were lovers?" Because of course Mycroft had always known Stamford was more than a fellow lodger, even if they had never formally addressed it. (Of
He sighed again and went back to trying to read through the singed and soot covered letters. The chief of them comprised correspondence from a nameless man - undoubtedly Newman's Master - and were addressed to the vicar. There were threats both direct and implied aimed toward Deighton and at his son. Newman was named several times as well, often in the context of being a watchdog. But none of that told him anything he did not already know...
Mycroft frowned but held his opinions to himself; Holmes already knew them anyway. “You still must eat,” he badgered, and Holmes obliged him, taking dutiful bites as Mycroft watched him with a penetrating gaze.
"Newman was obviously his man," he muttered, "here he mentions that Newman is 'returning to London' - he must've traveled in order to maintain the thrall. Quite a risk, I'd think. If the man were delayed, he might start to fight it."
trade?" he asked, something knowing in his eyes.
as self-aware as your prey."
“My God-” Watson breathed, sitting back heavily against the settee as the weight of Holmes’ words pressed him down like a paving stone.
The pain was ebbing.  My shoulders slumped further.  I felt his knees against mine.  If the chairs had not been positioned so closely, I wondered if I might have slipped onto the floor.
I hope so.
“Well, this you mustn’t forget,” the king said pinning Puck with his gaze.
Moon blade in hand, I stroked his hair and watched the blood slowly fill the slight concavity of my excision.  No new grey lines formed.
“Which is fine, by the way,” I added.  More than fine.  Far, far more than fine.  I almost felt as though I could lift my head.
That was a mercy.  I turned over and stretched, long and audibly.
The man nodded again and stepped aside with an outstretched arm.
“She’s very old,” I murmured.
John approached the window, lifted the sash a little.  The sill blocked the view below his hips, the clarinet obscured much of his chest that showed between the sides of his dressing gown.
I stopped to squint at him.
The sky grew brighter.
“Wiggins will bring the clothes back to the stitchers.  They’ll be right as rain after the first good storm,” he replied, leaning close, voice low.
Molly sings the lyrics of "The Fairies" (also known as "Up the Airy Mountain") by William Allingham (1824-1889).  Some of the words have been altered to suit the story.
“No,” John replied, closing his hand around Mike’s glass.  “Maybe it was serendipity.”  He glanced at the throng at the bar and turned back to Mike.  “It’s like living in an artist’s sketchbook.  I’m half tempted to pick up a pencil and add to it.”
Holmes’s smile grew broader.  “There may have been a tune I heard the herders in Tibet using to call their animals home from the slope.  It was graceful.”  His hand described a figure eight, or perhaps it was the sign for infinity, in the air between us.  “And it always seemed to work.”
John shook his head.  “I came round here to see if the bloke had somehow gone in this direction without my seeing him, even though I didn’t think it likely.  When I didn’t see him around here, I called Ms Swann to check whether she got home safely.  Happily, she answered.  I asked her to phone me if anything unusual happened before five, otherwise we’d see her then.”
“Yes,” I agreed and halted the progress of my hand towards his neck.  Both the vest and the dressing gown were bunched around his left arm.  I might have laughed at the inelegant arrangement, if the nearly smooth expanse of skin across his chest rising to the column of his throat had not commanded all my attention.
Sherlock retrieved Puck’s box from the hall and returned it to its nook up the flue.
“You are critical of his doctor, I perceive,” Holmes said.
“I should have known it wasn’t you,” Mrs Hudson said, sitting down.  “There’re ones out back by the bins, too.”
Blood.  Yes, the blood in me.
I scowled.  I’d played enough cards and I'd never seen any green suits.
Mr Holmes leaned against the side of the doorway, the lighted corner of his mouth twitching upwards.  “In turbulent times, secret rooms and passageways have their uses,” he said, “although some were simply for the servants.”  He shrugged and slipped from view.
Sherlock extended his hand.
The music slowed.
I did.
Sherlock leaned closer.  “I’ll help you with that later,” he said in his deepest register.
I lifted my hand from the railing.  No pain shot up my spine.  I did not fall.
All the air went out of me.  I slumped, back against the pile of wood.  I took my glove off and returned my hand to the root.
"Secure the harpoon to our rope before I move, John," Sherlock directed and I set to.
The woman halted by the front steps.  John glanced at Sherlock stretched out on the sofa, eyes closed, laptop open on his chest – John’s laptop - paused on an advert for a veterinary surgery.
“Not usually your division,” I said over the boiling of the kettle.
I stepped back.  “I need to see your back,” I said.
John caught it.
Up my back, sharp nails traced patterns.  They gripped my shoulders and pressed gently down.
“Someone stealing swans’ eggs.”
Not fire?
Perhaps nothing I recalled from the laboratory had actually occurred.
No help there.
The stitches were tiny and neat, reducing the cross-hatching of wounds to the thinnest of red lines.
Sherlock reached for a serviette from the coffee table and began unfolding it.  “Most of my earliest memories include Redbeard.  When I first heard the adage about a dog being a man’s best friend, it made complete sense to me, because Redbeard had always been my best friend.  We played together, we slept together, I shared all my secrets with him.  I assumed that was how it was with everyone who had a dog.  My father always referred to him as part of the family and I considered him to be the younger of my two older brothers – the one who was more fun.”  Sherlock looked up at John.
“Besides, I thought you’d enjoy hearing the results of the experiments with coal-tar derivatives and vine blight on which I spent several months last winter.”
“If building the Underground didn’t disturb it, I doubt you will,” he replied and leaned closer.
“A lot of them fit that category,” Sherlock said, catching his breath and eyeing John.  “How can I be sure you really know which one it is?”
I eased back under the covers.  “All right, then, Barrows will keep track of the little girl until Corvus can go to claim her.  But I still don’t see why Madeline did not clear everything up regarding her child once her mother had died and avoid…all this.”
I nodded.
John did the same.  Overhead, the sky was navy blue and the stars were visible.  In the east, the aura of pale blue was spreading, the bands of white and gold intensifying, their light doubled in the water.
Lestrade took the magnifier, walked to the headless torso, knelt by it and took a torch from his pocket.  "Handwoven," he said.  "Some people like that, very green."
Sherlock leaned back in his chair.  “He thought we’d never cooperate.”
He remained still.
My eyes followed hers and saw that the stars were fading from the frescoes as a rosy glow brightened the fresco.
Sherlock lit on the root and set the acorn cup down.  “The King has never bestowed one on him because...”
John’s hand hovered an instant by the shelf before seizing the small teapot instead of his mug.
It was fairly clear that he did not.  I, however, surmised that Holmes thought Corvus might be being followed or the victim of some form of assault en route.  I decided then that I would take my pistol with me.
“I didn’t work here when I was young, but all my grandparents did.  Da, my mother’s father, was the head gardener and Nan did what I do now, the undergardener was Papa’s father and his mother was the pastry cook.  Mrs Turner’s mother was the cook,” she said, smiling again.  “We were all born at the Manor.”
Patches of hectic colour were appearing on his cheeks and in his lap the fingers of one hand plucked at the bottom edge of his waistcoat, while the thumb and forefinger of his other hand ran along the chain of his watch.
“It would wound me deeply,” Sherlock admitted.
Mrs Hudson slid the cake onto my plate and grinned.  “That’s what I got at the sale."
I may have let the merest hint of a smile escape me.  The benefits of the job were mounting.
He parted his lips as though to speak.
I squelched past Sherlock without answering.
John didn’t quite succeed in suppressing a snort.  Behind Sherlock’s mask, a smile flickered and went out.
I saw the black border from the stairs.  A funeral invitation.  My pace slackened and yet I reached my destination soon enough.
There were numerous studies of his hands.  At rest or in motion, they mesmerise me.  That would have been very clear to anyone looking through my folder, much less Sherlock Holmes looking through my folder, although I am sure that wouldn’t be news to him.
I twisted about to ask for more detail, but he had already twirled away.  I watched him dash into the laboratory and return with his mobile, apparently reading the messages Lestrade had been sending him that he had missed.
I was torn between hunger and curiosity, including why this chemical process wasn’t occurring in the lab upstairs.  Fortunately, I didn’t voice this query because the very question held the explanation.  All signs indicated that mayhem reigned on the floors above us and Sherlock objects to mayhem unless he is the one creating it.  Mind, I wasn’t complaining about our location.  I had never been inside before and was eager to examine what activities were afoot on the enormous ledge carved out of the wall opposite to where I sat.  Indeed, the whole room appeared to have been hollowed out of the ground that lay deep below the London streets, shored up with roughhewn tree trunks of great girth.  I forked a succulent bit of roast beef and mustard into my mouth as I contemplated its many aspects.  I wasn’t willing to forego my dinner, but I was willing to multitask.
John closed his eyes against the wind raised by the motion of what had to be enormous wings.
I pictured him in fencing gear and nodded.
“You’re getting very good at that melody,” she said as she put the tray down on the coffee table.  "I been enjoying listening to it."
Holmes nodded as he filled a pipette with the heated liquid from the beaker.
I might have groaned.  I looked back at him.  I’m sure my eyes were black.  He was still on the coffee table.  It was the perfect height.  I might have licked my lips.  It’s an awful tell.
“My arrival was timely,” he said, loosening his grip upon me.
I don't think they have a monopoly on it.  And, possibly.
He closed his fingers about it without even the tip of one of them touching my hand.
“It’s your feast. That’s what you’re responding to; that’s why you’re insatiable.”  His touches were so light they were nearly ticklish.  “This is your season.  It’s your role.”  He grasped me firmly.  “John, they’re all going to want you tonight.”
I took a couple steps along the bank’s Baker Street side to escape the wind gusting down Marylebone.  My doubts about the wisdom of my excursion were not so easy to evade.
“Ah,” he said, coming closer.
Something trickled past my ear.
There was noise on the stairs.  The door slammed against the wall.
“Ah,” I replied, easing the harp into its cover.
Sherlock had stepped back fast enough to escape a head butting for which my skull and I were grateful.
“Not all,” he amended, his eyes fixed on me.  “You know how crucial details are.”
Both animals came to a halt, facing one another, with half a branch apiece in their mouths.  They appeared to be at an impasse.
Studying gives me an appetite.  It was true when I was a med student and it’s no less true now.  Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner do a wonderful job keeping everyone at the Manor well fed, but I still nip down to the kitchens between times.  Sometimes, in the wee hours.
“Sherlock thought it too soon to bring you out, but so many were already talking,” she said and reached out to touch his hair.  “He wanted to give you more time to grow into your strengths, but it would not have been to your advantage to have rivals springing upon you unawares.  Best to gather them here…”  She looked up at the musicians’ gallery and higher to the ceiling.
His other hand slid over moist skin, around my hip.
“Do you know who now?”
I heard giggles from the aforementioned ladies and considered what I might do to require Sherlock to have urgent need of his little bottle.  It might have shown on my face.
She nudged the table forward, stood and did a little shimmy, ending with one hand on her hip.  “It worked on my hip, too.  I’d given up on that ever getting better,” she said.
The stars shone through the bare branches of a forest of trees.  A ruddy glow lit one corner of the mirror.  Shadows moved about in its light.
Sherlock’s lips barely moved as he said something terse in reply I couldn’t hear.
He looked at me over my hand.  “You brought it?”
“Here,” he said.  “I’m here, John.”
At the interval, he remarked that I appeared distracted, asked if I was fatigued and wished to leave.  I had shaken my head, unwilling to trust my voice, and we had stayed until both Antony and Cleopatra were dead.
“’What would you like to ask?’ she’d asked Kate very quietly.
“I am born?” Ms Swann said.
Holmes nodded solemnly.
"Do we know why?" I asked, waving my hand at the dark room.
“Yes,” he said as I held myself above him on one elbow and used my other hands.  He spread his legs.  “Is five minutes enough?”
My knife went into the fowl with more force than was strictly required for the task.
I clomped up the stairs.  It was my turn to be sleep deprived.
Molly was back with an open bottle of water.  "Drink up," she instructed.
I stepped a little closer, but the heat of the fire stopped me from going further.  “I wanted to thank you.”
Sherlock regarded me for a moment.  "As you wish, Doctor," he said, ducking his head and smiling as he turned away.
I had done dinner justice:  emptied silver shells of fish; made roots and sprouts, full of colour and savour, disappear; and relished a soup, so unusual in flavour I knew it had to be a concoction of Sherlock’s.  I’d given voice to my appreciation and he’d seemed pleased.
“Definitely.”  He sat down cross-legged on the cushion next to me and took a slice of apple from the tray.
He isn’t mine...
Tired.
I mumbled something and nodded.
He should.  I’ve shown him.
Beads of water ran down the glass.
He truly smiled at me then.   “When the time seems right, you will stand and begin to move, still beating out the tempo,” he explained through his curved lips.  “It will have become faster.”
We must be close to the end of the block by now.  Over the pub soon, I reckoned.
The man stood.
He rested his hand upon my knee and tilted his head as he studied me.
“I compose fortunes for them.”
Beneath his eyes, the skin looked bruised.
He shook his head.  “Not at all.  She says what she means.”
He edged along the gunwale, retaining  his grip on the harpoon with both hands.  I could hear some portion of the beast sliding along the underside of the boat with him.
Our day’s explorations had been curtailed once more what with disinfecting Mrs Turner’s wound, stitching her up and calming her down.  It had been a deep cut and it had bled a lot, but I assured her it would heal well if it was kept clean and dry.  I gave her a mild analgesic and recommended she put her feet up for an hour or two and not put any pressure on the base of her thumb until I had taken the stitches out.  My tableside manner had apparently been successful, because with a hand well-bandaged, she insisted on sitting at the table with her feet up on another chair while I tried Mrs Hudson’s apple pie American style.
Chapter 7 prompt:  #9 (Making a List)
"Public necessity," Sherlock said.
He turned from me and made a rapid circuit of the fountain, gesturing to himself.
The gold wire grew hot for an instant in Puck’s ear.  He nodded at Mycroft and refrained from pinching the edge of his ear lobe to relieve the pain.
I shook my head.
“The stitchers will be shocked to learn of this,” Sherlock said.  “The wards they put on the shoes are for natural dangers, not curses.  There aren’t usually curses in Summer.”
“It was a serpent, not a dragon, John,” he replied with a hint of a laugh.
“Black, black, black is the colour of my true love’s hair,” I sang and my voice was little more than a whisper.
“And yes…” John said and paused.  He leaned back and waited for Sherlock’s eyes to open again.  “I can, and I do, forgive you.”
I sighed.  It was a question that required a quieter place to think.
“Ta,” I murmured as he drove away.
The crowd cheered.
John was out again.  He liked to come and go.  Certainly not suited to captivity.
Sherlock had moved a little.  A knee was bent.  An arm was outstretched across the empty space beside him, the bottom sheet clenched between his fingers.  He hadn’t pulled up the covers though.
"Don't try to get up yet," she cautioned.
“Hmm.”
“Yes.”  He sniffed the paper.  “This isn’t a reprint.  The ink always gives those away.”
I looked around.  Surely someone would help.
“Actually, this is a brilliant opportunity,” he said and hopped across the corner of a flowerbed.
“The beautiful one?”
“I wondered aloud whether Chalfont Court was built on the foundations of an older building and she said she’d see if Mrs Turner knew anything about that.  She is, apparently, keen on local history.  Very local history.”
It was good advice.
“You know my methods, John.”
When I left Afghanistan, I thought I had had enough blazing skies to last me a lifetime and that the cool, grey clouds of London were the balm I needed for my blistered soul.  I had been wrong.
It would appear.
John hooked a foot over Sherlock’s shin.
“I know it well, my dear friend,” Holmes replied and his sharp grey eyes softened as he contemplated me.
“Observe.”
An outstretched arm brushed against my thigh.
“The séance,” Holmes urged.
John looked over his shoulder to check the crowd at the bar.  “I think I see our chance,” he said and grabbed their glasses.
When we reached the crushed stone road that curved from the woods to the south up to the open drawbridge and then away to the north, I stopped and turned around to look at the façade of the curtain wall.  The only openings on the outside were arrow slits.
“I wanted to give you a chance to know my bad sides, to grow familiar and become contemptuous,” Sherlock answered.  “I hid the light, so you could come here and not worry about being trapped by seeing me accidentally.”
He stood near the end of the hall, where three doors met.  “This way,” he urged and disappeared into the right-hand room.
“The man whom you followed from Baker Street was the same as the one in Ms Swann’s drawings.”
“Attracted to this place.”
“We should gather your plants first,” he said, taking a step back, “and pin you up a bit.”
The glowing eyes in the woods snarled.
Happens sometimes.
“Siròc likes to fly with them, but she can’t keep up for long.”
I came to with a start, chilled to the bone.  My back was against something hard and wet and cold.  My head whipped from side to side.
To the rhythm of the music, we climbed the increasingly steep trail, and although I did not know the notes to sing, my feet marked out the beat.
I heard a page turn.
From somewhere about his person, Mycroft produced a small vial.  Between his fingers, the scroll shrunk until he could fit it into the vial.  Mycroft capped it with a silver-encased glass cap.  He held out the tiny bottle.
Ms Swann was staring across the lake at the waterbirds.  “Robin had explained that plucked feathers were best, but not easy to get from a wild bird, so she thought it was worth a go.  You know I have a wing feather, but I didn’t want to give that one away.”
I watched his face as the thoughts raced through.
The swan clacked his beak and stared upwards, waiting.  The fog drew closer, glowing above the glassy water.  He lowered his wings and drifted with the current towards his island.  He climbed its reedy bank, paused at the top and took one last, long look at the empty sky, then disappeared amongst the trees.
Holmes sat up.
I scowled.  “Shouldn’t we be stopping Adamantine?"
It was a silent journey scented with lilac.
A heavy weight settled on my thighs.
I still remember some biochemistry, thank you very much.
“I didn’t know,” I murmured, imagining such a blade, a small, sharp thing, like a lancet, that I could always keep with me.  “You were tired.”
He stopped.  “Well-spotted,” he said.  “Its footprint is dedicated to movement, all the way up and all the way down.”  His fingers fanned out towards the ceiling and the floor then he wedged the torch between two spears round the nearest column and stretched up for something mounted high on the wall.  He turned back to me with it in his hands.
I felt more assured, kept time with more ease, arriving where I was supposed to be when I was supposed to be there.  Sherlock seemed pleased.  My tension ebbed; the steps were on my skin, after all – in my blood.  I started to see the lines ahead of me, beckoning.  I hesitated to follow.  Alert to deceit, I compared them first to the patterns I had memorised.  I didn’t know what others might be able to make me see.
Sherlock stared across the stairwell, eyes narrowed.  “Superstition.  Family tradition.  Renewing a pledge to keep a secret.  Maybe it’s a reliquary and someone’s foot is in there.”
He was sitting up, drawing away.  “No.”  I ended up seated on the coffee table.
The sky darkened.  Lights flickered to life and London sent its warmth into the air.  Sherlock glided on its currents, black wings outstretched, antennae tasting the breeze.  He looked down.  A tall row of ornate chimney pots exuded the scent of recently burned poplar.  He landed, rubbed the terracotta with a finger and touched it to his tongue.  It was almost right.
“You have an excellent eye for perfect berries,” I said and popped the second one in.
…how they were the hands of a musician, an alchemist, a scholar.  He extolled Sherlock’s genius and waxed eloquent upon his beauty.
A child’s wail pierced the air.  The pigeons on the bridge took flight.  A silver balloon trailing a long red ribbon, floated away from the bridge.
I thought he shouldn't, he had a gift.  It was clear.  I was looking forward to hearing him sing.
Sherlock glanced down the pier, tapping his lips.  "We need other transport," he said and attempted to stand.  He sat back down rather heavily.
And I was.
“Come look.”
Right.
John leapt to his feet, elbows out, stance wide.  He wanted his gun.
To beard the lion in his den,
I glanced at the open doorway and the urge to be on the other side of it seized me.
“Not keen on safety gear, I see,” I said after a bit.
Sherlock switched feet and shook his head.  He finished lacing and stood, eyes wandering from the top of my head to my toes, gaze lingering there.
Behind him, Sherlock was perambulating around the room.  John didn’t need to look to know how Sherlock would be glancing here and there with an absent-minded look that proclaimed to any onlooker that he was just passing the time whilst he waited for Ms Swann to be free.  Anyone who knew Sherlock would know better though.
“Where the Observatory is?”
The sun and the clouds had vied for control all day.  John's step was brisk, as was the wind at his back.  It drove the fallen leaves along with him.  He had taken a circuitous route returning from the bank, discovered a closer drycleaner’s shop and a small nursery tucked away in a mews.  He had bought Mrs Hudson a pot of sage.  A purple ribbon, tied under the rim with a bow, kept the wrapper in place.  It was the purple that had caught his eye.  She seemed to favour the colour.  He carried the pot in the crook of his arm.
I felt the flush that had bloomed beneath his scrutiny on the footpath reassert itself.
“John!”
I stared, arm still above my head.
“No,” he replied and popped the rest in his mouth.
The door held.
“I remember that I never collected those photographs.  Once I had eliminated the photographer as a suspect, I had no use for him or them.  Whatever would I do with a raft of photographs?” Holmes asked.
Yeah, well just to look at Sherlock’s worth a risk.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sketch artists need details,” Sherlock said.
John glanced below her right shoulder.  She usually wore the name tag there.
Sherlock climbed back into the bed, swaying above John, unsteady even on all fours.  His head drooped.  He aimed for John’s mouth, collided with his shoulder instead.
The music reached a crescendo.
I turned the key again, but the lid held firm.
I reached out and touched the railing.  It was cold metal with a blister or two in the black paint.
"Indeed," Sherlock replied, opening a cupboard and adding two jars to the shelves near the shower head.  "Chapalu's territory is the Manor estate, especially the house itself.  She patrols it closely, although one doesn't always see her.  She likes to use the passageways between the walls."
John smiled as he shoved his arms into his jacket and grabbed his phone and his keys from the coffee table.  “Who could sleep when that possibility was on offer,” he muttered, patting his pockets for his mask.
My gaze swept to the floor and I spotted a few of the stones I had dropped.  They looked like flattened pearls from where I lounged or moonlit raindrops.  I’d get them later.  They had felt good in my hand.
“And you liked what you saw,” Sherlock continued, “you would look about for him when you went to the pond, just like you searched for the swan when you didn’t see him at first.”
All night awake.”
I grinned and turned my attention back to my parcel.  “I think it’s the last one,” I said.  The edges of the yellowed paper crumbled as I eased it away and saw that I’d been wrong.
“She was looking straight at me and her eyes were so sad,” I continued as I pictured them again, her light grey eyes so like Holmes’s.  “‘Who would like to pose their questions first?’ she asked and I felt my eyes widening with the fear that she would somehow lure me into taking the lead.”
Sherlock rocked his hips.
A pair of golden eyes blinked in the shadows.  A dark silhouette with a very long tail passed through a patch of firelight between the trees and was gone.
John did not care to know how the long, strong legs twined with his looked nor even that there seemed to be three of them.
It hit slightly inside the inner ten ring.
Faun.
The music to which Sherlock dances at the end of the chapter is Ravel's
She circled above the oak once then dropped what she held into the fire.
I had never seen any of the windows open before.
He moved us back towards the bench and let me sit when my legs hit the edge of it.  I’d lost his lips though.  I gazed up at them.  The candlelight made them glisten and they were far too far away.
Clearly, I was a pitiful sight, because he didn’t wait for an answer, bounding up the stairs and seizing my hand before I could say a word.  He examined the puncture wounds for a moment then raised my hand to his mouth.  At the feeling of his tongue tracing the scratches on my palm, I closed my eyes.
“I’ve been making a new batch of Joy for Mrs Hudson.  It’s her favourite perfume and it isn’t made anymore.”
Sherlock thrust into John’s grip and moaned.  “I want to see what we look like together.”
In the distance, the torchlight wavered when the figures turned their backs in our direction.  Their receding lights showed a wall extending eastwards from the tower and a suggestion that there might be the foundations of another tower further along the wall.  Their progress was leisurely; it appeared they had not heard our small noises nor noticed the body on the shingle.
The last few steps were up actual stairs cut into the hillside and edged with rough-hewn timbers, and then, we were at the top.
No…I don’t think so.
She nodded.  “These tarts are traditionally on the menu for this evening,” she said, waving another tart about as she spoke.
“A woman came by this morning, just after you left.  She said you’d forgotten something at her house.”
“You knew we would be staying,” I said and let him herd me towards the door to the next room.
“We also considered making you a knight,” Oberon said.
“Not in a court, no.  Fortunately, for this case, we do not have to convince a judge or a jury.  Ms Swann simply wants to be reassured that she hasn’t taken leave of her senses,” Sherlock replied.
“More, soon,” John assured, “more.”
I lifted my hand.  The knave of hearts retained his gun, but had lost most of his clothing.  The knave of diamonds and the king of clover were nearly nude as well and were busy demonstrating to the prone knave of hearts just how much they appreciated him.
“You’ve both been, then,” I asked, taking a taste of the cake before returning to my stew.
“The lightning was a sweet touch,” Wild Eyes said.  “I actually didn’t see that coming.  I bet ol’ Magnus didn’t either.”
“Give me fire.”
“Please, help,” he said and a shudder ran through his frame.
“Don’t fade away, Sherlock, please.”
He covered my hand with his; the tingling reached the crown of my head.  I held steady.  “A glamour wouldn’t work on these.  They require the real thing.”  His gaze lowered to my neck.  “Some volume was lost in transmuting the silver into gold.  He’s a slenderer, denser dragon now.”
I watched her as she poured golden liquid into three translucent, gold-trimmed cups.  Above them, the bird skeletons swayed on their wires.
Had the threat to him been why I could see the woods at all?  Had I been meant to climb down somehow?  I was pleased I could still think.
His mother…surely she couldn’t be…held out her hand.
There were statues of bronze and marble poised on pedestals about the room.  Various tables and chairs were grouped around low bookcases and display cabinets which seemed to hold insect specimens and animal skeletons as far as I could tell.  Every surface was littered with piles of books and papers, surmounted by open journals or unrolled maps.  They spoke of an ongoing occupation or one suddenly interrupted.
She did not miss a beat.
“Ship fires in Marseille harbour?” I asked, closing one hand around the box of tea and the other around my mug.
I reached for the flask with one hand and held a tartlet out in the other.  He took it, sniffed it and ate.  I drank, felt the spark and burn of the elixir’s ingredients in different parts of my mouth.  It watered and I had to move Sherlock’s legs a little lower on my thighs.
I moved closer.  “Yeah?  Why?"
I put the remaining cards on top of those, picked them all up and dealt us five cards each, face down.
That I was already sleepy when I set out on this expedition and forgot I had put it to charge.
“How would you describe him?” Sherlock asked, “other than beautiful?”
Just need a minute to regroup.  Is that what’s at the core of me?  Am I nothing but a carnal beast?
My eyes swept over the walls of books as I obligingly raised my cup to my lips.
Ms Swann was blushing.  She handed the laptop back to Sherlock.
“The gold was clay, the stones came from the clay and now the clay wants them back,” I said.
The rain was pelting against the window panes.
Sherlock glanced at her and nodded.
“May I have this dance?” I asked, hoping that he had found it.
The doorbell rang as he descended the stairs.
“I’ll bag my clothes and send them to the dry cleaners tomorrow just to be safe, but I don’t think any of these moulds is the causative agent.”
I dried my hands, left Baskerville in the kitchen with the door to the courtyard open and headed upstairs.
“What?”
“It’s how it feels when I touch you in your dreams,” Sherlock said.
“Great,” I said, “much better than I thought it would actually.”
“Try this one,” he said, tapping the page in front of him.  “It is simple and useful.”
He smiled.  "I forged it in the moonlight.  It’s an art not many have mastered."
I snorted at that, but I didn’t look away.
I took a deeper breath.
The youngest branches of the oak trembled with the activities of the lovers about its bore.  The bird sang, full-throated, in its branches.
sculpture and bolted to the floor.
I paused because I wasn’t sure how I was going to describe the encounter.
He leaned down and closed his lips around her fingers.
Yeah, and that.
“That’s what the French call the clubs.  The first time I saw green ones was at my grandparents’ house.  They had cards with beautiful pictures, like out of a storybook, but the second time was with Frank.  We’d only met the week before and he asked me to go to Monte Carlo with him.  Can you imagine?”  She glanced at me.
The full length of my fingers hit my palm.
The sun had sunk lower.  Here and there, its beams glowed between the trees on the other side and over the water.  They lit the long thorns of the brambles and the leaves of ivy clinging to some of the trees under which we walked.
Dread that he would disappear when it set filled me.  I dug my fingers into his hips and strained upwards.  The sky dimmed.
“Did you?” Sherlock asked.
I barely stopped myself from snorting at that idea.  I would be sorely disappointed though.
I put some shampoo in my hair and finally started to wash.  Most of the muck had been rinsed away.  Bits of aquatic vegetation decorated the drain.
It is not something Sherlock does.
Slowly, I let my breath out through my mouth, told my heart to stop pounding.
Mycroft turned to Greg.  “You have a discerning eye, Gregory.”
“I’m staying,” I said.  I doubted anything he was going to tell me would deter me:  reanimated corpses in the attic, vampires in the basement, werewolves in the back garden, if there was one, a back garden, that is.  I’d defend them, too, or treat them for the flu, if that was what he required.  I looked up then and he smiled at me.
“He flaunted customs, derided old habits,” Sherlock said, “except for that one.  He took a fancy to the idea that I was destined to be his.  When I expressed my disinclination, he said he’d wait, because we were the only two who weren’t boring and I would realise that eventually.”
“Something useful, hopefully.”
I was not surprised when I found another note the next afternoon.  Three days this time.  I growled.
I sat on the ottoman against which he was leaning and he passed one paper after another over his shoulder to me.
Sherlock met those wild eyes with a look I usually see when he’s at his microscope.
I clambered after him.
Below the balcony, the swan flapped his wings, rising out of the water, stretching his neck.
Sherlock led me across the clearing.  He stopped before a lofty oak.  “Sit,” he said.
John tilted his head, narrowed his eyes at it.
It’s good she hadn’t handed me the cup because I would have dropped it.  I regarded her, crimson cheeks and all.  “You knew?”
“Maybe the practitioner who wrote that didn’t have your talent with song,” she said and smiled.
Isn’t it?
He exhaled.  “All right.”  He lifted his hand from my hip and turned another page.
“He tries to keep himself entertained by bringing his talents to bear on diverting problems and makes the people who bring their problems to him pay a great deal as part of the fun.  He never cares about the havoc he wreaks as long as the solution is clever, and because he thinks I’m nearly as clever as he is, he’s always wanted me to join his enterprise.  If he could seduce me, he assumed I would be more likely to agree.”
The scent reminded me of the new lotions in the bath, only sharper.  More like our sheets in the morning.
Not sure I can move at all.  Used up the reserves getting down here.
I felt his hands first, sliding into my hair, fingertips massaging at the temples, then up above my ears.  My arms fell to my sides.
Explains why you weren’t answering me.  Has she seen you?  SH
I’d been through every scrap of paper, including the ones I’d already put in the recycling bag.  I’d even pried the carton sides away from the congealed stack of Strand magazines filling its bottom third, but the key I had not found.
“She is fond of you.”  I looked back out the windows.  “But you gave no hint to me that we’d be gone anywhere near that long.  It’s good Verner materialised as a buyer for my practice when he did.”
“Fragrant," I blurted out.  The memory came back to me with intensity.  I could smell it again.  “The room was fragrant.  Sweet, without being cloying.  A delicate scent.”
She gave me a nudge in the direction of the front door.  “Go on, John, you don’t want to lose sight of the others.”
He was settled deep in his chair, the prayerful position of his hands leading my eyes to his mouth.  It did not require any assistance to garner admiration.  I lowered my eyes.  His shirt was nearly as dark as his suit and tight across his chest, the edges of the buttons ruddy in the glow of the flames.  Everything below merged with the shadows.  My gaze snapped higher.  Moonlight formed a nimbus around his curls.  He was the embodiment of mystery, bait and trap all in one.
“I’ll ask again after supper,” he called over his shoulder.
I parted my lips, but no sound emerged.
“Down along the rocky shore
“And injured.”
The scream caught in John’s throat, came out as a hoarse croak.  His muscles tensed, ready to run down the stairs and over the road.  His wide-eyed stare swivelled to the pavement.  There was no broken body, no swarm of passers-by drawn to tragedy, no shouts for assistance.  Pedestrians strode along the footpath, unimpeded.
Sherlock looked away a moment, but when he glanced back I could see he was smiling.
My hips raised off the ground, lifting us both.  “Like that’s likely,” I breathed at him.
She glanced at the closed curtains.  “They look so much prettier in the dark.”
.   In it, Holmes looked emaciated and weak, and Holmes was certainly never that, not in frame, slim as he was, and certainly not in spirit.  I drew in a long breath.  It whistled out between my clenched teeth.
The door to Ms Swann’s balcony opened.  A moment later, the sound of her piano spilled out into the night.
“It was a good choice,” he said and didn’t speak again until he finished.
Quite possibly.
It was pitch black inside the tower.
At that he sat up, raising the violin to his shoulder and with averted gaze began to play.  Into my chair I sank, staring at his fingers on the neck of the instrument.  The room dimmed.  I could smell the campfire and the damp of melting snow.  Above us, the sky was full of stars.
“Baskerville couldn’t follow her there,” I said.
A distant cloud was gilt around its edges.
“You should sleep here.  There are important details we have not discussed,” he said on the first turn.
John touched his tongue to the reed, closed his lips about the mouthpiece and exhaled.  The note sounded true.  He managed not to smile and tried the note again.  It was perfect, just a middle C, but a perfect one.  He went up the scale slowly and then down again.  There were no more squeaks.  He set the clarinet across its case and grinned.
I shifted my weight and he cursed.  “Up,” he said and marked an ‘x’ through the shape he’d half-drawn in green.  “He’ll have my head if these aren’t just right.”  He produced another piece of paper and I put my weight on it for him and didn’t move a muscle until he indicated I should lift my foot once more.
“Did she ask any questions?”
“You’re changing, John,” Sherlock whispered as his hand closed around me.
“You think so?”
Sherlock and John ran to the other side of the platform and scanned the sky, but the swan was gone.
“You were unconscious,” John said.
~~~~~~o0o~~~~~~
“Why?” I breathed.
“Sit close,” he added, his voice descending.
I reached out for the long, thin blades.  He let them go as my hand closed about them.  I held his gaze, hoped he could see that the rage in mine wasn’t at him.  Could never be at him.  Reluctantly, I turned my eyes away; his expression was hard to parse.  I focussed on the target, imagined these interlopers and let loose -   hit the imaginary throat, heart, groin.
An urge to taste it rose in me.  I clenched my fists by my side.  I was not going to get myself dismissed from the job before I had even started it.
Sherlock nodded.
She scowled at him.  “It’s unnerving, what you do.”
Sherlock lifted the shirt over his head, turning at the waist as it came off to fling it at the basket.  When he turned back, he met my enrapt stare.
John walked closer to the edge of the canal when they had gone.  “That’s the song you played.”
“We’d stay with you longer, but there are the polar skies to paint,” she said, “and your father has spring blizzards to bestow along the way.  He’s always liked the spring ones best.”
“Perhaps he has other worries,” I said.
Sherlock kneaded my shoulders.  “Watch.”
He whirled round, blade pointed towards me.  “John,” he said.
My tongue flicked over my lips.  It’s an awful tell, but I managed to shift my gaze to the leather-bound book to which Sherlock’s attention had returned.  “You have a talent for acquiring things people have tossed away.”
How he played me.  I was trembling with the effort to utter no sound and make no sudden movements.  For him, silence seemed second nature.
“What are you doing?”
My eyes dropped to his lips as he spoke.  I wished to recreate that spring shade of pink, the glint of white teeth and wet tongue.  “I can adjust the proportions,” I heard myself say.  A whole sentence.  I was proud.  “Just tilt your head a little,” I added and reached out, stroked up his throat with the backs of my fingers and nudged his chin up and a bit to the side.
“Yes.”
“Oh,” I remarked, finally turning away from the view.
They live on crispy pancakes
I opened the window and glanced over my shoulder.  The door to the laboratory had closed.  The reading lamp by the sofa had gone dark.  The draft fanned the flames in the hearth, their shadows stretching further up the walls.  The skeletal birds suspended from the ceiling swayed on their wires.
Sherlock’s spots mimicked the shade.  His circuits around the light grew wider and wider.  He wanted to brush against John’s lips, drink from them.
“In the Gardens?”
I stood.  “You wrote that alone, by a campfire.  Your companions had gone to sleep in their tent.  How many were there?” I asked, as if that was the urgent question.
“The last one’s gone already and the night bus would take forever.”  He crossed the street.
“Ah.”  Less nimbly, I disentangled myself from the herbage beneath me and stood.  Breathing was easier.  I stumbled.
I nodded my agreement.
John stared at him.  “Shouldn’t I text her first?”
I know how to bluff, but I wasn’t.  He didn’t frighten me.  If he was someone I had to get through to keep Sherlock, I would get through him…or die trying.  It was a calming thought.  I pressed my lips together and regarded this brother with an assessing look of my own.  The silver sheath of the rapier visible at his side was studded with dark stones; they gleamed like so many eyes.  I scanned his flowing garments – so much room for other blades.  Something silver moved at his neck and I saw a serpent’s head, like my own, peep above his ruffled collar.  I felt a movement at my throat and wondered how that would work in an encounter.
The little, argumentative voice inside my head snorted.
She entered with a grace that felt familiar to John.
Sherlock scowled.
“To your hall of residence?” I asked, somewhat puzzled.
Tea and toast and fruit were on the desk when I emerged - the tea hot, the butter just melted.  It always made me smile.
“Shall I?” I asked, picking up the folded papers that had been enclosed with the letter.
“Or me from you,” he finished.
I heard it much more clearly this time.
The cloth burst into flame, which blinded me for a moment to the darkness.
Seems so.
“I am in bed.”
Through the glare of the flames, a large shadow moved.
“Nightmare.”
“It appeared so.  I didn’t wish to baldly enquire, but as it turned out I didn’t need to ask.  Gleefully, they told me, sometimes in tandem and sometimes in unison, that all had been as Madame Willow relayed.  They had retained a few small pieces of jewellery each for sentimental reasons and because they were pretty, but the major jewels had had to be sold.  They hired a photographer to come to their house and photograph them wearing most of it, as keepsakes.  They showed me the photographs.  I think most people would have assumed they were wearing costume jewellery - the styles of the jewels were so old-fashioned and the primary gems so large.  In the end, their mother had been thinking of their future.”
It ripped through me.  The sound echoing in my ears was agonised.
The air grew icy.  I shivered, feeling every centimetre of my sodden clothes and holding the bow more tightly.
I stopped in front of the raised platform and looked up at the seated figures there.  Closer now, I could see Sherlock in both their faces, but they seemed far too young to be his parents despite their white hair.  The man spoke.
I did as bid, trying not to stare too obviously as I went.  The foyer was broader than I had estimated it would be.  An inner door decorated with stained glass panels hid the rest of the hall from view.  Their designs were doubled in a large mirror to my right.  My reflection in it was dappled with green and gold.
I chuckled as we turned and headed for the bridge.
I could feel the warmth of the branch through the thick wool of my coat.  I stroked the bark before holding it out to him.  “He’s keen to go.”
He motioned towards the upper floors.  “Mrs Hudson, the rooms are prepared?”
Sherlock sat up and John's hand fell away.
“They must know how skilful she is,” Sherlock said.
“Do you have one of them yet?” he said.  “One’s enough.”
At the end of the dam, between it and the bank, water rushed to the lower part of the river.
Not much else I can do, is there?
The air was untainted there, the curtains swaying gently with the breeze off the water.  Outside, the leaves whispered.  The voices of the last guests floated across the river.
“Writing time now?” I mumbled.
“Oh,” he murmured, his lips right at my ear.
My head sank against his thigh as I caught my breath.  “Did I get anything wrong?” I asked after a bit.
I glanced at him.  The grey cast was leaving his face.  His gaze was intent on my skin.
I considered asking Sherlock as I pushed the door open.
He tapped each of the bands with a fingertip.  “We both take the risk?”
She shook her head.  “Not so long before you came to us.”  She took a sip from her tea and set the cup back down.  “Some people step forwards when they step through.  The two of them did.”
“They do little else,” Sherlock murmured, rubbing wide circles over my back.
He shook his head, tapped on the middle section of the righthand page.
“Not at all.  My tastes haven’t changed much over the years,” he said and took a taste.  “Mm,” he hummed.  “I’m happy so far.”
John couldn’t distinguish the words, but he knew that rapid-fire cadence.
He turned, his hands out to catch my elbows.
“Shall we go see?” Sherlock asked before gliding across the room.
My right hand moved from my side and Sherlock’s brows lowered.  I raised my left hand instead and he lifted his chin.
“I didn’t need to,” Mr Holmes replied.
I was half asleep over dinner last night.
“Perhaps.”
He leaned forward in his seat, his fingers leaving their fidgeting and unfurling near his heart as though to signify that he was opening it to me.  “Each night, I wrote,” he said, “especially when I could not sleep.”  He inclined his head and slipped one long-fingered hand inside his jacket.  “I have a notebook I keep with me,” he explained, drawing out the item.  “It was still in my pocket when I dressed so hastily that frightful night.”  He held it out to me.
Holmes turned from the window.
There was a buzzing not far from his head.  John did not want to let go of sleep, but he smiled at the sound.
He licked at it as his hand slid along my cock, cool and tight and fast.  The snow swirled about us, beside us thorny branches thrashed against the bricks.  His hand tightened.
“Not a bit.  Standing still as a statue,” John replied as he walked through the door to the hallway.
It was Holmes’s turn to gasp.  “She had an accomplice in Hugh Town!  This is much deeper than I had thought, Watson.”
“See?” I repeated.
Baskerville galloped in, lead hanging from his mouth.  He dropped it on the bed, sat up, resting his huge head on the covers.  He tail thumped against the rug.
John didn’t ask the obvious question.  He raised a forefinger.  “Tell us both upstairs, Ms…”
Sherlock shuffled closer, wrapped his arms around John.  “I won’t lock you out.”  He leaned his head against John’s chest, listened to the hammering of John’s heart.  “I have a habit of keeping people at arm’s length.”
I had slept there.  In the morning light, I had made my way home and slept in my bed for what seemed like a week until my training started.
The connection to the smuggling case Sherlock had mentioned earlier in the day fell into place in a somewhat delayed fashion.
Puck reached up with a hand.  “It’s not in the instrument?” he asked.
Cold mud squelched between his toes.  He followed the edge of the stream cautiously.  Twigs bent beneath his soles, rounded pebbles pressed up against them.  He bruised his shins on rocks, some jagged, others mossy and slick under his groping fingers.  He regained his balance each time, inched forward, clasped the broad trunk of a tree overhanging the bank, edged his way around the landward side of it, feeling for the roots with his feet.  When the number of steps he had taken would have brought him beyond the Marylebone Road if he had been outside, he paused again.
“When?” I asked.
Or old.
Shortly after becoming a permanent resident of the Manor, I had discovered that there was more than one kitchen.  There was a cool one for whipping cream, decorating cakes and making salads, a hot one for roasting meats and baking pies and a temperate one for preparing vegetables and arranging the food to be served.  My introduction to them was accompanied by Mrs Hudson's stories of the lavish entertainments Sherlock's parents had hosted before they had chosen to spend most of their time travelling once the children were grown.  There had been a sudden intake of breath at her use of the plural, but she had offered no further explanation and I had pretended not to have heard, emphasising instead my interest in a silver centerpiece that was being polished at the kitchen table and which bore a remarkable likeness to the tree fountain complete with amorous figures about the column rising from the middle of its basin.  Mrs Hudson had not explained it either, except to say that it was for serving wine.
“Right,” I murmured and stepped after him.
Am I not?
Between the trees, the pond glimmered with the reflected blue of the cloudless sky.
I don’t know.
“All the more reason why he would have liked to have had control of the house himself, but short of that, he probably hoped he could persuade Corvus that he needed his constant medical attendance,” Sherlock said.  “Hence his extreme displeasure when your profession was revealed today.”
“It’s part of what I do.  It’s not always so athletic; there’s usually more lab work,” he replied.
The jangle and clink of metal on metal echoed from the Tate’s forecourt gardens.  I turned.  Inside a large, grey lorry, metal nets were being lowered over the
I looked round the corner of the open library door.
I dusted my hands off on my trousers and glanced up.
to rapturous audiences, if the reviews are to be believed.”
“And your friend’s interest wasn’t piqued?” Sherlock persisted.
The pipes sang.
In the event that Madeline Anabel Lenore Usher should not survive me, or if she shall die before or after qualifying as Guardian, or if she shall fail, neglect, refuse to serve, or be unable to serve or continue to serve, or shall resign as such Guardian, I name, nominate and appoint my friend, Edgar Iorwerth Corvus of Iorwerth Manor to be Successor Guardian…
He’d taken me in; speech was a lost cause.  I sighed instead as his fingers traced the skin beneath the loosened waist of my jeans and his tongue pressed me against the inside of his teeth.
“And you might never have any release from the pain of it,” John said.
I inclined my head in agreement, “But such was her plan and because Mary and I already knew so much of their history, our company was the most amenable to her and thus we went.”
“Look at me,” John said.
Sherlock smiled against John’s skin.
Frowning, I did the same.  “Home?”
Ms Swann had stopped a couple paces away from Sherlock, caught between her wish not to offend him and her desire not to have her creation aired before strangers.
Sherlock was suddenly standing next to him, shoulders touching, eyes still looking through his camera.
Sherlock leaned down and whispered something to the bird.
The word hung in the air.
I took it and stood, shifted my weight back and forth between my feet.
When I returned with it, I saw that Sherlock had pulled the coffee table flush with the sofa and stretched his arm across it, palm up.  The potato was in his hand.
Recuperating from an injury and an illness is not the same thing at all.
Possibly the insect lowered its head.  John was not close enough to see.  He moved nearer, reached for the instrument.
I followed him away from the pale, grey light.  “If I didn’t guess, what did I do?”
The culprit we had pursued over stone walls and down cobbled alleyways that I’m fairly sure no longer exist, had left me with scrapes and bruises, and a deep sense of satisfaction.  We had caught up with him amidst the shuttered stalls and iron hooks of the meat market.  It had taken the two of us to hold onto him while we waited for Lestrade to catch up.  I’m sure the irons he clapped round the scoundrel’s sinewy wrists when he arrived did not met health and safety standards this side of the last century, but I doubt anything less would have held him.
It was warm inside the crowd.  The flow of people wending their way in and out of it was like a dance.
The rustling above me grew louder.  Several more leaves fell about me.
Mycroft looked up.  “I’m helping alleviate your boredom, brother dear.”
“There.”  Sherlock pointed.
Sherlock never emerged from the lab.  Mrs Hudson brought him in some tea and cake, emerged with a smile and came back with a basket that tinkled as she walked.  That, too, disappeared with her into the lab.
As we left the clearing, the bell tolled.  Far in the distance, another answered.
“Have you ever been in a sensory deprivation tank?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock turned to me.  “Deal another hand.”
I, too, should have known, but the hyacinths were giving up their scent, Sherlock was firm against my back, and the dull ache to which the injury in my shoulder had faded seemed to pulse in time with his breathing.
My blood seemed usually dark on my forefinger, but the light was not strong.  I aggravated the cut with my teeth and managed to bleed enough to continue.  After the fourth application, his mouth began to look like the red rose in the basket.  It looked so kissable.
The writing was small, and Gaelic was not one of his stronger languages. As such, it was several hours of tedious searching before he found what he was looking for, the sketch no larger than his thumbnail, but unmistakable. A tower encircled by two serpents...
He had fallen asleep on the settee but came quickly awake, arm and leg still stiff but both much better than they had been. "Better," he called, tugging on his shirt and hastily doing up the buttons, "and ready for tea, though you may wish to wait before bringing it in least you be scandalized. Not that I've any objection, but I know your delicate sensibilities."
"When was the last time you saw Mister Langley alive?"
Watson let him go with strange reluctance, his mind and body still pleasantly abuzz. “Are you alright?" he breathed, stepping back to look at Holmes properly.
we are self-aware. When we apply that awareness to evil, the results are horrifying. When we apply it to goodness, they are redeeming. We do nothing without being aware of our actions, and that gives each one greater consequence.
"But you do not?"
A tall, pale man stepped in with a purposeful stride. He wore a dated but nonetheless well-tailored suit of grey houndstooth under his coat and shoes that spared neither expense or polish. Leather riding gloves, a bowler hat and a mustache with not a hair out place painted the picture of a man of meticulous habit.
"The vicar keeps his parrot in the shed, with the doves."
to stumble upon Watson’s practice, just
Holmes caught it easily and checked the chambers. True enough, two bullets were missing. Holmes looked him over with a practiced eye. “And silver is harmful? You seem no worse for the wear.”
“...that was an accident.”
Watson was still trying to process it all, uncertain he had heard correctly. “I am sure I could, but why would you do this for me? I am a monster and a murderer; you have no reason to keep me safe. You could easily order me to flee the city after we fake my death."
“And what do you believe?” Holmes pressed, relentless as any hound that's caught a sent.
Watson sighed quietly, retreating back up the steps and recalling with new understanding all the times Stamford had lamented both Holmes' impossible sleeping schedule and the impossibility of persuading him to alter it. Secretly, Watson had thought his friend likely to be exaggerating.
"Holmes," the inspector said, stepping carefully into the room, a white handkerchief pressed against his face to ward off the smell of blood and death.
“Do not be so certain.”
Of course, some other explanation was possible. But that would be coincidence of the highest order and while Holmes certainly believed in coincidence, he didn’t trust it.
"I can arrange a meeting," Mycroft said with an imperious wave of his hand. "As you know, no one can come past the foyer at night unless vetted, and every room beyond it has been warded against evil. He can meet you there."
"When?" Holmes asked sharply and she looked up in surprise.
"You admitted when you first turned that you could not help killing; it was a compulsion you forced yourself to overcome. That compulsion has a source, Watson. If it does not come from you, then where?"
master himself so he did, schooling his features and lowering his tone. "The desire is to feed until one cannot feed anymore; the amount of blood I can consume in one feeding is greater than what a grown man holds. I've had to learn to live with a certain amount of hunger.”
“Hello,” Watson said, sounding slightly surprised.
Holmes calculated the possibility of attack and - despite having every reason to believe the man before him was unstable to a breathtaking degree - concluded that it was quite low. He stepped forward and took the proffered hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I've heard you'd like to go up first," the man said.
"I have not. However, I am interested in a man who has. I understand there was recently working here an indigent by the name of Blevins."
Georgie was moving towards him with concern when the inner door opened with a bang, and Mycroft - moving with far more celerity than Holmes had ever seen him do before – snatched him away.
Casual inquiry of the local shop owners brought him to Kramer’s landlady, a somewhat dour looking woman with wiry grey hair piled high on her head, fastened with an array of butterfly shaped pins that would have made her look ridiculous if not for the severe expression on her face.
“And yet I remain a disappointment,” Holmes finished. “What does it say?”
"I am not the one who holds him under a thrall!" Mycroft retorted. "He can ignore my words, and frequently does. He
“Then you run, and hide, and wait for me to find you.”
Watson smiled, and with his body flushed with blood he looked very human, his skin tinged a faint pink. "You can rest in the convalescence room, there's a comfortable bed there." He stood up and poured Holmes a second cup. "After you finish your tea, that is."
Holmes stayed seated.
"Sometimes. But it never hurts to have facts to fill the silence."
Holmes spent the entirety of the following week ensconced in the occult section of London’s sprawling lending library at Saint James, shadows changing their daily position as the sun moved in lazy arcs over the city. It was an area of study he fully admitted ignorance of; it had never been topical, before. When evil was done it was done by men with earthly motivations: mysticism did not figure into the worldview of Sherlock Holmes.
There was a ponderous, steady knocking at the door.
are at risk as well, your name is in the papers in connection to the case! Blast me, I can find a place to sleep for the day, I'll move every morning if I have to. But you! You can't even stand!"
"You should not be so reckless with your life."
"The 'Other',“ Holmes said, “that’s you. Scotland Yard is me, and the investigation. This must have been written shortly after Langley's death; the Sire would know you were behind his demise."
He couldn't even say he would regret being so.
to believe you."
“But what
"Well. At least we can contact this poor man's family. Or did you do that, too?"
“Possibly, though I fear such a maneuver risks fugue; a condition that may be the very opposite of helpful.”
"Do you call me a liar?" Holmes asked, taunting smile melting into an expression of wide-eyed innocence and the whole thing was entirely too easy.
“No,” Watson admitted.
Her lip quivered but she nodded her head, swallowing her tears. "Please," she whispered desperately, her whole heart in the word, "Please, he thought only of me- of keeping me safe- please to do not expose him to the Yard, Mister Holmes. He did not realize...he only wanted to frighten Doctor Jackson away. He did not think it would end in bloodshed."
Night was full-on when Holmes arrived at Watson's clinic, the stars a distant memory beneath the customary gloom of London fog. He knocked, and then knocked again, and became irritated, having already grown accustomed to Watson anticipating his arrival.
"What human drinks blood!?" he shrieked.
Watson sighed. "No, it's alright. If we must do this, I would prefer clarity as well." He put the paper down, shifting slightly because he now had nothing else to say, and no further reason to stall. Holmes was as resolute now has he had been before, and it was nothing more than wishful thinking on Watson’s part that had led him to hope otherwise.
afraid of me - terrified even. She bore up well and her story
Lestrade blustered, mustache flipping upward in rage. "I am only asking to ensure you are not hiding evidence from the law!" he thundered.
"What do you want?" Watson asked him, voice a dusky shade of wanton that set Holmes’ mind afire.
“What is the matter?” he asked, forehead creasing in worry.
He grabbed the vacated chair and pulled it towards the bed, legs making a scraping sound as they dragged across the floor.
“Why should it be impossible? He befriended me after all. Surely a vampire would not be too far beyond the realm of possibility.”
"If sleep were all I desired I have a number of such places about the city. I wish for a
Watson braced a hand on Holmes’ shoulder and leaned forward, peering at the ruined documents.
"And how do you suppose he will attempt to dispatch you?" Everything about the doctor rubbed him the wrong way, from his obvious madness to his insufferable belief Holmes owed him something.
Mycroft sneered. "Now who is commanding him?" he asked, and Watson looked away guiltily.
Montressor was already pacing. "I saw him, I saw him," he muttered, fingers twisting together in agitation. "I went there, one night- I - I'd had business in Cavendish, you see, and she was at his practice, her weekly appointment...I thought we would share a ride home. I had no suspicions- none at all-" He turned, staring at Holmes with eyes that bordered on desperate. "The doctor did not expect- he didn't see me, but I saw him! I
"And tell them what?" Holmes breathed though his nose for a moment before continuing, "Lestrade knows I was working a case involving the church. The vicar and Newman both vanish, and I appear at a hospital as you see me. And there will still be...no evidence...of their crimes."
"Of what, sir? The church? 'Tis a mess, absolute carnage. Bodies everywhere...not sure at all what happened."
distressed, but eventually lessened the bone-white grasp on her arm and allowed her to go with Holmes.
"You can't, you can't," the man growled. "No man can touch him - death follows him!"
"Not for my face, only the lack of injury. It will not do much good against our enemies, I fear. I helped you and therefore it is likely they already believe me to have been under your thrall; it is no great stretch to assume you would heal me as well. But for the rest of the world, Sherlock Holmes must remain an invalid."
Watson looked over at him in sudden alarm. "
Watson paused, taken slightly aback, his initial pleasure at seeing Holmes evaporating in wake of the detective's obvious ill-humor. As a vampire his skin did not flush, but he felt embarrassed all the same, and coupled with the feeling came one of annoyance that Holmes could engender such a reaction in him in the first place.
trigger warning for: blood drinking (this IS a vampire story after all)
"There would be no better time to risk it than now; we are quite safe here, and it may bear useful results."
“Who was then?”
Holmes leaned inward, that sharp look about him again that reminded Watson suddenly of a bear trap, great steel jaws ready to clamp shut around an unwary prey. “But it
And on it went again. Holmes could not possibly hope to conceal his thoughts completely, even if he weren’t under thrall; there was too much of him for that. Conventional protection would, Watson realized, be utterly useless.
Holmes did not return to Watson’s practice.
Holmes did
"Holmes," Watson said firmly, arms over his chest like crossed swords. "The difference is your
"You think she believes you are a vampire... or just a murderer?"
try to contact me here, and that will undoubtedly cause an incident. If you insist on my being here then let me speak to him first, that he will know to keep his distance."
Holmes nodded, unsurprised by this revelation. "Have you checked upon on her at all? I would take the first opportunity to do so."
Jackson stared at the ring for a long time in silence. When he finally spoke his voice was softer, the anger dissipated. "He was... very good at keeping secrets, it would seem...” he tore his eyes away from the ring at last, regarding Holmes with a hard, shrewd gaze. "What promise did you give him? What did he make you swear to?"
“I distinctly remember asking you to tell me everything you knew of vampires, and you replied that you knew nothing at all. I did not ask the question out of idle curiosity, Doctor.”
Surprisingly, that made him laugh out loud and for a moment he looked very human indeed. "Very well," he said with a nod, "It's Watson- Doctor John Watson. And yes, I do hold a valid medical license."
His brother snorted. "If you were it would be no less than you deserve for putting yourself in such a predicament. Servitude to a vampire...and willingly done, if you are to be believed. Which - I think it safe to say, brother mine - you most certainly are
Watson laughed again, looked human again. “He surely does.”  But then he sobered, regarding Holmes with a solemn expression.
"He believed," the doctor continued, goading. "Because he knew the truth, because he had seen things most men do not. I trusted him with that knowledge. It would seem that he kept his promise, and told you nothing."
He didn’t always succeed, but on the whole, he liked to think he was making an effort.
The corner of Holmes mouth twisted up in a crescent moon smile, because of course he knew but it was a victory of sorts to force Mycroft to admit as much. Not that the elder Holmes bothered with such games of chicanery himself; Holmes was the only one keeping score. "Well, then there is no reason to trouble yourself more than you have been, which means I shall see you again around Christmas next, provided neither of us has a more pressing engagement."
“Of course. You came to see me shortly after the storm - so did he. There were boot prints under my window and on the side of the house by the coal shed.”
“What for?” Lestrade asked and Holmes closed his eyes against the blinding stupidity of the question.
“Christ,” he muttered as the vampire gnashed and screamed in hunger, tearing at its bonds until the bed frame creaked. Best to put the wretched thing out of its misery... but the only wood in the room was a cross nailed to the wall. Watson ripped it free and stalked over to the pathetic figure, staring down into its frenzied, desperate eyes.
“Holmes,
The furrow between his brow grew deeper, became an open trench. "I should drag you to
"I admit I've never given the subject a great deal of study."
“Is that why you have kept me under surveillance?” he asked. “I ran into one of your lackeys while investigating the death of Michael Kramer.”
"Then you needn’t trouble yourself, I will say it plainly: I am very, very far gone, brother. And I have no desire to be recalled."
Such an eventuality as this was Holmes'  chief motivation for being at the shop that day, and he had intended to arrive early enough he could shadow Montressor should the man try to leave. But his constitution failed him and he'd slept through the morning, letting both time and target slip through his fingers.
Holmes could sense the truth somewhere just ahead of him, and pushed on. “Is that what got him killed? Did he talk to the wrong person?”
under a thrall, whether it had been his own suggestion or not.
Holmes was greeted in the morning with hot tea and cold rain, desultory clouds the color of tombstones hanging low in the air, wrapping around the city like wool.
Holmes seemed deeply unconcerned. "Montressor will be behind bars within the next few days, and if I am correct in my hypothesis things will come to a head at the church very soon. Afterwards, you will be free to go your own way and resume your practice, provided you keep your hands clean. You should not need to feed before then."
Holmes considered all that. He certainly did not feel as though he were fighting back. Indeed, he did not want to, nor did it seem at all necessary. Then again his thrall had been a voluntary thing, and Watson had not yet ordered him to do anything that he would normally object to.
Watson’s throat ducked, and Holmes thought it must have been a very long time since anyone dared speak to him in such a manner. But that was the point. “I am the only one I know of.”
But Lucy -- who had no memory of the incident and was therefore less affected than her husband -- interrupted softly. "Come now dear. The doctor was a mad man yes, but not a monster. Listen to Mr. Holmes." She stood up, holding onto her husband's arm.
Watson frowned deeply. "There are subsets of the church that believe in the occult- it is not unreasonable to think they might believe in vampires as well. He could be from one of those sects."
“No,” he said, because when Mycroft Holmes lied, it was for better reasons than simple posturing. “Not since long before my time. But all vampires are susceptible to fire, sunlight and silver, and to the blood alchemy that powers our wards. We know how to use all of these things to our best advantage.”
“In an alley.”
home," he retorted, "but I do not relish the idea of hearing your voice every day. Baker Street must suffice."
"No. Do you know where Mister Montressor is?"
“It was not his own spawn?” Mycroft asked with a quirk of his heavy brow.
“An interesting case,” Holmes remarked with contemplative slowness and, receiving no response, continued blithely on, “After death the blood should have settled in the hands and feet, making them swollen and purple; it had not. The body had been exsanguinated, yet no blood could be found at the scene. There were however two puncture marks in his neck.” He regarded the doctor with a leveled gaze. “I believe you said you hadn’t killed while feeding in fifty years.”
It was a challenge, certainly; his leg was still weak, the muscles and bone still mending. But he could hobble about a bit, so long as he was careful.
Holmes scowled. "You are in entirely too good a humor. Leave, and come back again when you can comport yourself with less conviviality."
"That is what I need a detective for," the man said, spreading his hands. "I am certain, but my instinct is not enough. I need proof, and so I have come to you."
Mycroft nodded and left Holmes to eat in peace and a half hour later Carruthers came to collect him, leading him to a well-furnished library rich with the smell of old leather and dusty pages. The air was still and quiet, as if they were deep underground and the entire space had an aura of hushed studiousness that made a man want to speak softly and mind his manners. Wordlessly Carruthers handed over a pair of white gloves which Holmes dutifully pulled on and then brought him to one of the carved mahogany tables where his brother sat surrounded by a number of books, some quite old, and others more modern.
“Holmes!” he whispered fiercely, not wanting his voice to carry too far, but the detective waved him off with an unsteady hand and that, too, was expected.
trigger warnings: ummm....mentions of drug use?
Holmes smiled slightly. “Very good, Doctor. What better excuse than that he was being pursued by an all-to-real evil? Your stunt at the church would have such men as these on high alert- they would know something unholy stalked the streets of London." To his credit, Watson at least had the decency to look chagrined.
“I like to think it was because I had asked him not to reveal my secret to anyone, and if the two of us had ever met, you certainly would have known something was amiss.  In all fairness, he never revealed the true nature of your relationship to me, either.”
Watson frowned, smooth brow furrowed in concentration as he thought. "Likely then," he said slowly, "the victim was lured by his compatriot into the alley -somewhere dark and quiet, untraceable to the killer - under the auspice of needing his ‘friend’ to help him perform a warding ritual."
"I heard," Watson said. He sat next to Holmes on the settee and carefully rolled up his sleeve, a strange intimacy to the movement that left Holmes feeling oddly discombobulated, sudden turbulence in his stomach like the discordant music of a village shivaree.
Watson froze, overcome perhaps by more than just the verbal bite of Holmes' words, but the emotional impact of them as well - all of the pain and ache inside Holmes, the void in his heart that was broken and empty.
"You nearly died, and we’ve an escaped lunatic running about. I wasn't taking any chances."
"My shirt? Whatever for?" he asked, stepping closer and pulling off his jacket.
“The true nature of our relationship would have landed us both in gaol, doctor. You can hardly blame him for keeping it hidden.”
“Hmmm,” Holmes noted, mouth shriveled and pursed in thought. “What else do you know of vampiric society?”
Watson smiled sadly, and Holmes wanted to kiss away the crease of worry that formed between his brows. “Of course you do not, because
"I do not," he said crisply, writing out a rather extensive list.
He knocked Montressor out.
Holmes clicked his tongue and reached for his pipe. “You forget that a thrall must be maintained, and Deighton’s parish sits well within London’s borders. As a vicar he could not always be leaving and returning again without catching the attention of the bishop, and the sire had no idea how tight a grip you might have over the upper members of London’s clergy. He could not risk their notice becoming yours, nor could he risk entering the city himself. Newman, on the other hand, who was not a minister and had never been ordained, was free to come and go as he pleased.
Well, that was somewhat disturbing but nothing Holmes did not expect from these creatures. He read for most of the day, about thrall, and then vampires in general, while Carruthers furnished him with food and drink, most of which went untouched. It was around supper time when Mycroft returned.
But his heart still yearned for it.
"Oh, Lord- good Lord in Heaven, you're alive!" the man cried, trembling faintly. "The Yard is already on their way - after the man on the roof we take no chances..."
Holmes' tongue clicked against the roof of his mouth,
"When you say he was drinking blood - how do you mean? Are you certain it was blood?"
This was not as hard as it might be for some. Holmes in fact had an incredible amount of focus; it was necessary, least he be driven insane by every piece of data about the world he could not ignore. The trouble was finding something to focus
That morning he went to check on the children he'd assigned to watch the church; eight of his most dependable boys, working in pairs of two. They saw him coming from their vantage point at the corner of Glentworth Street and Ivor, and one of them came barreling towards him in a blur of arms and legs.
“He is not part of any clan,” Holmes assured him. “He never even knew his sire. He learned to survive on his own, and on his own he has been for a very long time. Indeed, he is the proverbial lone wolf, and London is his home. He has killed every vampire who has stepped foot within it for the last fifty years.”
After a few moments Holmes began to stir in his arms, eyelids fluttering like moths and he blinked awake, his eyes still clouded by the lingering effects of Watson’s thoughts in his head.
“Maybe I should have brought you here before.  Being deep in the clay seems to be having an effect.”  He stroked his hand along the side of the fireplace.  “The London clay definitely likes you.”
I felt a flush rising to my cheeks and steered the conversation in a different direction.  “Did you happen to mention this odyssey to Mrs Hudson?”
“All who challenged our choice were defeated tonight.  And we have witnesses to that.”
The cloak was whisked away, the belt unbuckled, the tunic lifted over my head.
We ate in the kitchen to avoid the mouldy aroma of the sitting room, and Sherlock translated excerpts from
He was halfway up the stairs when I registered that he had moved.  The fatigue I had felt before my flash removal was reasserting itself.  I wondered whether I could make it up another flight.
His arms dropped to his sides then and I saw the knots of muscles in his shoulders smooth out.  The extra bones were less obvious in that position and I realised that his unusual stance had been to help me see them.
Sherlock bent down and whisked my bag and something on a long cord from the ground.
“Quite,” I agreed.
They wiggled a bit under the scrutiny.
My hand did not reach the door jamb.  It clutched at the air.  My toe caught on the raised edge of a stone, my head tilted back.  The cloud-shrouded moon seemed remarkably close.
“My grandparents,” I said, smiling against his side.  Surely, he could feel it.
The man screamed before John’s elbow dug into his abdomen.  He fell back smacking at his clothes.  A syringe dropped from his hand.
John leaned forward, resting his head against the side of Sherlock’s.  On the screen, in shades of black and grey, were the windows and the balcony of Ms Swann’s flat with the canal in front of it.
“I reserve my judgement on this Henri," I said, "but I agree with his assessment.  The music is magical.  What other explanation is there for what I’ve been able to see these last few nights?”  I raised a forefinger.  “I could describe the great coat you wore in the mountains down to the astrakhan on the collar.”
I did not know whether he looked at me, for I dared not look at him.  “May I choose for as long as you will have me?” I asked.
John inhaled sharply.  The outline of dark hair above gleaming eyes became more distinct, the undulating shape below them resolved into the movement of a garment in the wind.
“And when I went to leave, you began to snarl,” Sherlock said.
“He must cause something of a sensation,” I remarked.
He twined himself around my neck, then climbed up into my hair, his claws scratching lightly against my scalp as he went.
Steadying myself on his forearm, I achieved a vertical position.  I looked down at myself.  My bare chest was visible almost to my navel.  Under the drying blood, my skin was whole again, but the bottom of my tunic was dark with blood, the linen scarlet with it.  I held on.
Mrs Hudson poured herself a cup of tea and sat down on the sofa beside me.
The light flickered.
Wiggins and Bert slipped past us with their bundles of oak branches under their arms and their torches held high.  Archie and Charlie had already strode forward with theirs.
“What did you do?”
“I hope you slept well,” she said.  “You’re as bad as Sherlock for staying up to the wee hours or beyond, but at least you take some rest afterwards.”  She was uncovering dishes as she spoke and fine fragrances were calling me to my seat at table.
Some mornings I ache more than others.
The hair on the back of John’s neck prickled.  He turned around and scanned the area behind the bandstand.  No one was visible beneath the old trees.  Slowly, he scrutinised the circumference of the Pond, the path, the lawn and as far as he could see under the trees.  None of the people dotted around the area resembled the man from the bridge.
Maybe.
John imagined the wings throbbing with scarlet.  He closed his eyes and continued to play.
“And you got all that after just regaining consciousness?”
The flesh was pale.  The wound was gone.
“I think we can manage,” Holmes said, centring the slide on the landing stage of his microscope.
Sherlock remained without doublet or cloak.  Wild Eyes’ hand was that much closer to Sherlock’s skin as he stroked up and down the linen sleeve.  His fingertips were tracing the shape of Sherlock’s muscles through the thin cloth.  He leaned a bit closer as he stared up into Sherlock’s eyes.
The little boy was looking over his shoulder at the man, then turned back to his mother and waved again.
I turned towards the doors, swinging back before I reached them.  “Thank you.”
John’s hand ran through the dark curls.  “My blood makes you drunk,” he murmured, his hand stroking along Sherlock’s arm.  “Lie down, put your head down.”
I set the envelope and blade down and let him slide the dressing gown off my arms; its hem brushed against my legs as he turned away.  I slipped the card out from the envelope.  It was engraved in pointed letters.  “Dos?”  I scanned the ornate script framed by a border of vines and fruit and flowers.  “On the 20th, here?  Where?”
“You are practiced,” he remarked.  “Can you stack the deck?”
I pushed it between my teeth with my tongue and bit into it.  A sharp, peppery flavour flooded my mouth.  My lips puckered and my eyes squinted.
There was a crackling behind him.  John turned and watched the fire dance.
“This evening?”
“The boatman should be waiting at the bottom of the terrace steps to transport them to the Tower.  I’m sure they will find accommodation that will suit him.  Permanently.”
“I might point out that not every spouse is beloved, even when an elopement or clandestine marriage is involved.  Marry in haste and so on,” he said.
“I was going to write more in the note, but...”  Mrs Hudson waved her hand about.  “Anyway, I got his name down, so go up and introduce yourself.  He’s a musician.  I told him you’re a doctor.  He seems nice and...”  She dropped her voice, “...he’s
We’ve been over this.  And, we’ll see in a little while anyway.
would ever be.
“That’s not a coincidence, is it?” John asked, eyes glued to his field glasses.
“Are there people I know here who came that way?”
It was a visit from the boys one day that had sparked the conversation when his mother told him that she and his father would become like the boys one day.  When they became too old to lay eggs and defend their territory, they would still be young for the boys’ kind.  And then, the river between the misty banks and the island in the middle would be his, and he would have to be strong enough to defend it all alone until a mate saw him from the sky and came flying down to join him on the water.
“My mother kept all of Harry’s and my milk teeth.  She had a little box of them,” I said.  “I always thought it a bit macabre.”
Sherlock took a sip from his flask and urged me to finish the rest.
He had stood still for me, bright in the sunlight, cool skin flushing with returning heat beneath my fingers as I had gone on.  It had been he that had sighed then as I stroked and probed; he that had gestured towards the bed as my examination descended down the backs of his thighs.  Thorns had lightly scored the skin there, worse having been avoided only by the sturdiness of his trousers, since he had given no care for brambles once a possible clue had been spied.
John nodded.  His grin sounded in his voice.  “What did you get in return?”
“Come,” Sherlock said and was off.
I leaned against the tree trunk. And thought about the hill.
"Yeah."
“Yes, then Adamantine came down from Usher, went with Madeline to register the birth as Roderick’s child with Madeline posing as Roderick’s wife, Alberta Simpson,” Sherlock explained.
I turned towards it, smiling before I saw him there.  I must have looked more than a little ridiculous with the overturned chair and the torn wrapping paper about me, like a child on Christmas morn who had raided the tree before anyone else was up.  Only the flush, which I could feel suffusing my face, was from more than delight at the gifts I had found.
Sherlock eased onto his back, closed his fingers around the top of the headboard and tilted his hips upwards.  “Whatever you prescribe, Doctor.”
“Breakfast,” I replied, “with everything!”  Usually it took two, three days of being on-call or being shot to knock me out like that.
"Something older?" Lestrade asked.
I tugged on the tip of the ribbon and the notebook fell open.  On the left-hand page I skimmed notations about his journey north, on the right, was the paragraph that had opened the preamble we had read, word for word, if my memory served.  I turned the pages slowly, scanning the lines.  Sometimes he had written in ink, sometimes in pencil, dating his entries on a blank line and writing over corrections or crossing out phrases rather than employing a rubber, even for the pencilled words.  Some days’ work was more neatly inscribed than others, but the trend was to a less and less legible scrawl.
“It’s still a-broidering,” he explained, handing me my dagger.  “It’s best to watch that carefully.  They can get carried away if someone doesn’t keep an eye on them.”
“Partly,” Sherlock replied.
High in the oak, a small shape hopped from branch to branch, singing as though its heart would burst.
John knelt astride the outflung arm, smoothed his damp towel from Sherlock’s shoulders to his thighs.
A cloud of fragrance followed me from the bath to my room.  The curtains billowed in the breeze and on my desk the pages of the autopsy report I had been studying, before our steeplechase across Camden, curled away from the file folder in which it was secured.  I seized on it – on its distraction.  I smoothed the brittle paper down, eyes running over the headings.  Near the bottom, there was an annotation I had overlooked.  The writing differed from the back-slanting script of the doctor who had signed and dated the post-mortem examination report.  In pencil, almost faded away, someone had printed ‘blackthorn & wild rose’ next to the entry about the splinters broken off beneath the skin of the deceased’s hands.  Who had made note of the detail was unclear.  I grabbed a sticky note and jotted down yet another theory that might explain the scant facts about this old, cold case Sherlock had given me to study.
“So, let me take you over to meet Mr Chatterjee,” she said and slipped past me.
The flush, which had begun to fade, returned to her brow.
John was, indeed, restless.
He pinched my lip.  I felt it sting afresh and then he kissed the sting away.  “I am not tired now,” he said between kisses.
It had the aroma of a boiled apple seasoned with spices and possibly a liqueur, but the yellow skin appeared firm and the stem with its single leaf looked as though it had been brushed with gold leaf.
Gone or not, he had all those years of knowing Sherlock that I can never have.  He had them.
Soon everyone in the entry hall had a flask and a cloth bag that turned out to have roast nuts and dried fruits in it.
“The oak is alive,” I whispered.
My fist closed about the goblet’s stem.  They were playing
“Pity to waste it,” I said, moving it back and forth.  The blood was starting to run down the finger.  “Going to make a mess in a minute.”
I raised the box, shook it gently.
The pain seemed to recede further at the compliment.
He was fumbling with the button of his cuff.
“You don’t fly like a moth,” John said as the insect landed on the tip of his middle finger.  He studied the lustrous wings that matched no shape he had ever seen.
I sat on the edge of the bench, blinking slowly, my eyes readjusting to the dimness.  I leaned against the wall, the bumps of moonstone in the clay familiar against my back.  Beneath me, the cushions rustled.  I rubbed my hand against the surface beside me.  Soft, dense fur slide past my palm.  I pressed down.  The straw padding beneath the fur rustled again.
I looked down at it.  Back to the mind-reading, apparently.
“It is.”
“The oak,” I panted, tipping my head and shoulders all the way back.  I could see the very tip of the massive tree like that.  It wasn’t on the other side of the meadow, between the crowd and the woods, as I had thought.  It was in the centre.  “Why?”
“Nearly there,” I concluded.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked from my shoes to my face.  “Not exactly.”
“You would have enjoyed the aurorae, but you couldn’t have withstood the cold,” he explained.
They took her lightly back,
“I have missed your admiration, John,” Sherlock said, his eyes flickering over John’s face.  “I had deduced the guard’s situation earlier, but it hadn’t been the right time to get the desired results from sharing it.”
John tensed, relaxed, tensed again, falling into a rhythm despite the burn in his muscles and the lightness in his head.
And still I sang:
I smiled.  “I had been worried I would be bored after Afghanistan, you know, but it’s not a problem.”
I licked my lips.
“I had a lot of help.”
The room seemed inordinately long as I progressed through it, skirting the benches and pedestals and display cases that seemed to sprout in my path.  I thought the shadows about him grew denser as I hastened forwards and a fear that he might be swallowed by them before I reached his side gripped me.
From the minstrel gallery, the strains of
His fingertips rubbed against my scalp.  It was very soothing.  My head drooped lower.
He pressed himself against my back, cheek resting against the top of my head.  “That could be arranged,” he replied as his arms closed about me.  “In a while.”
“Just a couple lads from the flats nearby, out skateboarding along the walk in front of the school.  They said they heard a sort of chittering from under the bridge and the older one lost his balance.  When he had caught his board, his brother turned his phone light up towards the sound.  What they saw caused a panicked call to their mother,” Lestrade said, catching up with Sherlock.  “When she got here, Mum phoned us.  Call was logged at 23:06.”
She nodded.  “I joined soon after I came up to study.”
“Unfortunately, it is now.  Night watchman injured in the second one died in hospital this morning,” Greg replied.
Sherlock ate another leaf, thought of wrapping John in a cocoon.
“Are some of your relatives here?”
Another howl answered the first.  Closer.
The minstrel’s gallery was quiet but for the occasional murmured word or the click of an instrument case closing.  Their task had been taken up by the birds chorusing from the trees.  As I watched, a bold trio swooped through the open windows and disappeared into the painted clouds of the ceiling.  I tilted my head up to follow their long-tailed silhouettes.  Their trills and whistles continued well after I lost sight of them.
Sherlock flicked his eyes to John and back to his camera.  “You never cease to amaze me, John Watson.”
“Not completely,” he answered.  “The last test resulted in rather pungent fumes, which might take some time to dissipate even with the window open.”
I stood, my clapping more percussive, and began to prowl around Sherlock.
His grinned up at me.  “Of course, you do.”
I had searched everywhere else I could think of, even unlatched the window of the beautiful lute player and peered out.  Salt spray had stung my eyes, and the rocky landscape had felt empty, so I had closed it again.
Sherlock strode towards him and swiped the phone from his hand.
Mrs Hudson sprinkled flour on her counter.  “That was a lovely piece you did about the mosaics and the stained glass on your blog,” she said.
Until tonight, that is, when Sherlock waved Wiggins away and finished showing me an intricate set of steps done around two crossed swords.  I’d seen dances like it before, but not ones with steps like his.  Finally, I replicated what he had demonstrated for me and we headed down the corridor and through half a dozen passageways until we found our dinner waiting for us next to the forbidding oak door marked ‘Apothecary’.  Once settled inside, I had set upon the food like a starving man.  Sherlock had eaten a few bites and turned his attention to a distillation that was making its way, as bubbles and drips, through a Gordian knot of copper and glass tubing across the room.
The bird paraded up and down his arm, its head bobbing as it looked to the left and right before stretching his neck upwards and letting forth a long string of notes rising higher and higher and on the last note he puffed up his chest and opened his tail feathers, an iridescent fan of blues and greens and gold.
Mrs Hudson shook her head.  “Not at all,” she said, patting John’s arm and leaving a flour print behind.  “Sorry, dear.  I needed one of my plates the other day.  It was on the floor by the hearth, and so was one of your little people, mostly hidden by the leaves and rocks at the edge of the stream,” she said and tapped the side of her nose.  She left flour behind there, too.  “I’ve always put milk out for them with a bit of honey in it.  My nan did, too.  Brings luck, you know.”
I gulped down some air because there didn’t seem to be any in my lungs anymore.
I stepped to the sepulchre, snapped off the freshest stem, with buds still at the tips of the spray, and presented it to Edgar.  He closed his eyes as he inhaled and leaned even more heavily against Sherlock.
"When are we?" I asked, holding the torch upright again.
The thump of a tambour reached us, a trill, then another on the pipes.
“Shit,” John muttered under his breath.  He hadn’t read the instructions on how to manually adjust the focus.  The blur resolved.  A man in a cap and knee-length coat balanced on the top of one of the posts for an instant, before climbing onto the low balcony.
I tried to breath as that sunk in.  Succeeded partially. Whole new plan needed.
“I think it may have been his child,” Roderick whispered, “and he was protecting it.”
“That come up in a case, did it?”
“Thank you, dear.  Spinach is good for your blood,” she said and placed a smaller dish of pickled beetroot by my water glass.  “Billy’s out running errands most of the time,” she said, “but he does have a room here.”
I felt a drop of juice at the corner of my mouth.
“I was wondering about that,” I said, rubbing my chin.
“And that is, unless you are accompanying me, you do not leave the Manor until the moon is full again.”
Beyond the clearing, the sky shrunk to a narrow band of stars sparkling through the bare branches of oak and ash interlaced above our heads.  Around us, the torches cast their wavering glow over the twisted roots and trampled dirt that marked our path, and the dense undergrowth that crowded its verges.  Our breath rose up in pale clouds.  Now and then, I stubbed my toe on a tree root.
The sunlight stopped at the glass.  Night ruled inside, even the moon and stars were not allowed.
“A change of scene, a little sea air,” Mycroft began, "a quick check on the state of affairs.
Something rattled.
“Did you ever begin any of those letters you almost sent to me while you were away?” I said by way of greeting.
“A trip back to the river to look for her ootheca,” Sherlock said, tapping at his phone.  “Approximately 82 centimetres long and 23 centimetres wide,” he added as he headed for the hall.  “I’ll tell Lestrade to inform the River Police.”
I looked up from the cards.
“Glad to help,” John said, turning his head.  One eye was visible over the swell of the pillow.  “I am so very glad to have been able to help.”
“Soon,” they mouthed.
He leaned out the window, one knee on the window seat, one hand on the casement.
Sherlock’s eyes widened.
As he spoke, a second bell began to toll.  Its deep tone rolled down the road.  I looked up at Sherlock.  It reminded me of his voice.  He reached past me and shut the window.  The flames calmed.  He drew the curtains together and sighed.
Yeah.
John put the biscuit back in the tin.  “These?” he asked.
John followed.
He leaned back against the carriage seat and steepled his fingers at his chin.  “You can judge for yourself in a few months.”
Holmes frowned.
“I don’t know how to play this,” I said as I came alongside him.
Spring’s colours glowed brightly around the figure of a beribboned Molly frozen mid-dance, illuminated by he rays of an evening sun still shining between Spring’s hills.
Siròc dropped from the sky again.  And again, a shape took form in the flames when she let fall what she had taken up.
I must have been moving far slower than I realised.  Food and sleep was what I needed, in fairly rapid succession.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at Wiggins.
“Nope.”
John crammed the note into his pocket, wedged the tin under his arm, and grabbed his cane.  It was a long way up to his room, but it was a world better than the anonymous bedsit lined like a casket that he had endured for two months, even if its building had had a lift.
John hesitated at the threshold, picturing Sherlock analysing the dismal weeks he’d passed in his bedsit as clearly as if the walls were covered with murals depicting them.
The wind whistled past the edge of the roof, rattling the bare branches of the moonlit trees that stretched in every direction below us.  I shoved my hands deeper in my pockets and looked up. The full moon held court in a sky wild with stars.  It was not a sky one could see in a city, not a modern one anyway.
I had moistened my handkerchief in the stream and, supporting his chin with one hand, wiped the grime from his cheek.  His eyelids had lowered and the nature of his smile had changed.  I had touched the corner of it with a fingertip.
I stared at her, my confusion expanding by leaps and bounds.
Sherlock scowled.  “One needn't be so fanciful.  A few glasses of whiskey will do that.”
“Cousins?”
“Yes, of course,” I replied, moving over in my own window seat so I could more easily turn to speak with her.
will never be able to leave
One of the laboratory doors slammed into the side of a bookcase.
John lit a candle and stared into it.
“Good,” Mycroft said.  “It would be useful for me to know when he goes to fetch it and what else he does while he’s there.”
Sherlock turned the metal in the fire.
"Do you miss it?" I asked, realising that I had taken what should have been her job.
John wondered if Sherlock could see any of Ms Swann’s expression in his peripheral vision.  It wouldn’t matter.  Her voice was full of admiration, which Sherlock had surely been hoping to elicit.  If John didn’t know better, he might have thought Sherlock was genuinely flirting.  Stepping out on the balcony and giving Sherlock some space for whatever stratagem he had in mind seemed a good idea.  He unlatched the doors and began to pull them aside.
It’s what we ushered in tonight, isn’t it?  Look at everything growing around us.  We brought spring.”
I did and handed it back.  “How soon?”  I asked, itching for confrontation.
The shirtfront he saw was white, the chest within it broader than he recalled.
“Next?”
“I’m so pleased.  It was a variation on my usual recipe,” she said, carrying the plate into the kitchen and washing off the few crumbs left clinging to it at the sink.
“My formulation,” Sherlock said, eyes still locked on the mirrors.
“You must be Doctor Watson,” she said, extending her hand.  “You look exactly like the photo on the CV Doctor Stamford sent to my phone.  It’s amazing what one can do with a phone these days.”
“You could stay with me and not die,” Sherlock said.
“Yeah, but things didn’t start going totally nuts until this ball lark got started.”  I took a bowl of fruit and speared a piece of pineapple and held it out to Sherlock.
I took out the tuning key and unwrapped my harp.  I had taken to thinking of it as mine, although, of course, it was not.  I lay the cover aside and tested the strings.  Mostly, they were in tune.  I settled on the piano bench and stared intently at the widely-spaced notes and began to pluck.  When I reached the final note, I heard a distinct click.  My head snapped about.  I peered at all the exits of which I knew, but saw nothing amiss.
“Or two,” he mumbled and I realised he was falling back to sleep.
"Then help me shift to your bench."
I guess she saw that I could.
“Afterwards…yeah…I couldn’t help the occasional dream, but they usually ended with you on the edge of that damned roof.”  John’s hand dropped to his side.
“If the pot is such an important ingredient in the brewing of a potion, why isn’t it mentioned in the recipe?” I asked.
“It’s nice to find you here,” I croaked and cleared my throat.
“Indeed,” Mycroft answered.  “Mummy had the urge to dance in the fields so they’ve whisked themselves away to the Isles of Scilly.  In their absence, I am regent of the city.  Perfect time to get a few things done and it suits the park, don’t you think?”
“Well, that’s lots of things settled,” she said and got to her feet with a slight hitch and a hand to her hip in the process.
"You missed the discussion Dr Moynihan and I had on that point.  The animal's attributes challenge the definition of death.  I would have appreciated your views on the matter, but you had nearly fallen into the creature's abdominal cavity just prior to our first observations of regenerative behaviour, so I installed you up here," he said, patting the table beside me, "and Dr Moynihan and I carried on."
I listened.  It felt as though if I attended carefully enough their meaning would unfold for me.
“Why?” I asked on an exhale and there was far more of relief than curiosity in my question.
John oiled Sherlock’s sides, rubbing low around his hips and kneading his buttocks.
John raised an arm, curved it cautiously around the fine, dark jacket.  He could feel the warmth beneath the fabric, the solidness of the hips.  A hand settled over his, the thumb stroking back and forth.
A fox yapped.  I grinned.  They are handsome, but unmelodious, creatures.
It was more a slide than anything else, his hands dragging past my shoulders and down my chest to my thighs.  He settled on the floor between my legs, head lolling forward.  I cradled it between my hands and kissed his flushed face.  “Sweet,” I whispered and swiped my tongue over his lower lip.  “You are so sweet.”
The answer was almost immediate.
“Don’t stop cutting,” he admonished.
I rethought the theory of human spontaneous combustion.
Sherlock looked up from his book.  “You know where that led,” he said, accepting the fruit, “and I would have preferred a ginger nut.”
“The storm,” Sherlock said.
“Light the candle,” John replied, squeezing and stroking in an ever tighter rhythm.
I took a spoonful, closed my mouth around it…
“Well, yes, you describe it on your blog, but it’s a little different in person,” Ms Swann murmured.
The splash of an oar and the resounding thump of wood against stone roused me from my reverie and I looked towards the river steps.  Above them, a huge moon was sinking below the treetops on the far riverbank, outlining bare branches and evergreen boughs.  Under its dappled light, the tide of guests rippled towards the stairs.
As I climbed, another part of my anatomy made its interest known.  I scowled in puzzlement and then I caught a whiff of lavender.
Puck accepted the glass and stared at the gleaming gem weighing down his ear.  “Thank you, Your Majesty,” he said and tore his gaze away to look at the king.
“Tea,” Mrs Hudson announced, entering the study with a large tray.  “It wouldn’t have taken so long, but Baskerville was begging for treats.”  She set the tray on a table between the two nearest windows.  “How do you take your tea, Doctor Watson?”
I sniffed.  The scent of pine, fresh and burnt, mingled with the fragrance of spices.  The doorway to the library was outlined in boughs, heavy with cones.  The needles brushed my cheek as we passed through.
I reached out for my dish.  “No, please.  I’d like to finish it.  It was such a strong image,” I said.  “It quite took me away again to remember it.”
I glanced at Mycroft.
I surveyed the room and spotted her in a small group of people, talking.  She caught my eye and gently inclined her head.
Well, Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner do seem fond of me.
“I poured whiskey on the logs and shot at them.”
“I guess I’ve had a lot of swans in my life.”
There was a rustling sound, a crackling of twigs.
“How did you get my medical records?” I asked, my voice level and low.
I had.
“I know way more about swan lore than I ever imagined I would,” John said to the recumbent form on the sofa with the laptop open on his chest.  “Want tea before we go?”  He ambled across the room.  “I know I need some.”  He clicked on the kettle and carried on to the loo.  “We should be heading out soon.”
