He’s in high spirits this morning, so he can’t even bring himself to be embarrassed about Antoni’s (although he will always be stupidly handsome super-model Kitchen guy in his mind) straightforward observation.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You are.” The younger man agreed, now down-right smirking.
Still, that had to be the stupidest thing Sherlock had ever heard, and he was taking Anderson into account. “That’s nonsense. You already keep up with me” Him, leaving John? It wasn’t even worth a consideration as a possible outcome from this scenario. The thought alone was absurd. “I couldn’t” As terrifying as it was to admit it, it was true. “You make me better. You fix the broken parts” Sherlock frowned at the cupcake- almost an emblem for everything that was
“Are you mocking me again?” the detective asked tentatively, with a sour note in his tone.
It was sort of messy, really, and Sherlock was clumsy at best, but the determination was there- and really, John couldn’t think of a single more arousing thought than a Sherlock who was actually
John wanders around the room with a sort of antsy restless energy, buzzing pleasantly through his veins.
And then, John
This is the only home he has known since after the war.
“Lestrade, can’t you see I’m busy doing YOUR work while you-“
“Well, I….” Sherlock didn’t miss the momentarily hesitation. “Look it has been some shite months and we owe Mycroft a lot, and we both-“ He shot the detective a glare that clearly read ‘But especially you’- “haven’t been very grateful about it”
Mycroft was a strong connection to Euros, he was the link between the estranged siblings all those years without Sherlock being aware of it. He had made a lot of mistakes, a hell lot of mistakes. But, John had to give it to him, he always had been reliable. More than once and more than only frequent they had relied solely on Mycroft to somehow get them out of the trouble Sherlock managed to dive in head first. Despite his bullshit talk about affections (a matter so foreign to bother Holmes brothers as rocket science to him), he had proofed more than once that he cared about Sherlock. And for fuck's sake, they were
“Listen, I was acting shitty yesterday and I just want to apologize. I treated you poorly and- Sherlock, are you even listening to me?”
John could cook (fairly well if he said so himself). Most of the time, take-out was just easier considering their fast-paced lifestyle. He obediently listens to Antoni’s gentle chiding about setting an example for healthy nutrition while carefully mixing the chopped-up berries with the already prepared whipped-cream.
Within another second, he pulled the ceramic mug out of the detective's hand and threw it forcefully against a wall. It shattered in a dozen pieces and coated the floor with awful brown goo. Well, that was quicker than anticipated.
He silently closed his door, put on his blue dressing gown and threw himself gracefully onto the bed to think.
“You’re asking me for permission to adopt my daughter?”
Finally, he turned his head to look at Sherlock. Something constricted in Sherlock’s chest when he saw there were some new unshed tears gathering in the doctor’s eyes. He shouldn’t be relived hearing it. John had all the right to be mad at him. To hate him, even. It would probably make things so much easier. But he didn’t. And Sherlock felt like his heart was bursting with relief.
“Oh, shut up you!” With this heartfelt exclamation, the now very late doctor let go of the soft fabric of his favorite Sherlock dressing gown to cradle the detective’s face in his hands; to pepper every inch of creamy white skin that he could reach with light kisses. The subject of his attentions let out a surprised squeal (ha, didn’t see that coming?!), before he snuck two long arms around the doctor’s waist to pull him into a warm Sherlock hug; the kind of hug as elaborated before was the best kind of hugs. John was absolutely content to stay like this for the rest of eternity, but alas, that’s not the way the universe had planned for him today. His phone vibrated angrily in his coat pocket, which was currently encircled by a Sherlockian underarm. “It’s Sarah, she’s not very pleased that you’re about to miss your first appointment of the day” John groaned and buried his face in the crook of Sherlock’s neck. He inhaled the musquy, clean,
“Ehw, gross!” Sherlock maturely provided.
He didn’t think he’d be emotional over interior design.
"I'll take us home" he promised. Right on cue, Lestrade approached, but halted some meters away from the pair. John guessed they were a strange sight to behold, but Greg was (no matter what Sherlock had to say about the matter) a smart observer. John was thankful that Sherlock didn't seem to notice the presence of a third party (and if he did, choose to ignore it). Instead, he huddled even closer to John (how that was physically possible was beyond the doctor) as if he wanted to hide inside of John's body. His large hands desperately clung to the jumper, as if he was afraid that John would leave him alone in these desperate times. John sought Greg's gaze and tried to communicate their dire need for a cab. The DI raised his eyebrows a little, but his eyes were filled with worry.  John gave him another pleading look, and Greg understood. He walked away wordlessly to hail a cab for them. The army doctor sighed, thankful for a friend like Greg.
“No, yes, maybe?” He sighed, taking an encouraging sip of his tea. “Yeah, alright, you’ve caught me”
“Move. I’m always in the passenger seat.”
The light, yet so calming familiarity of the politician’s posh tone, shook the graveness out of the atmosphere. They wouldn’t change. They would continue to bicker, Mycroft would continue to meddle, Sherlock would continue to sulk. Yet something small, something almost invisible to the untrained eye (luckily, John spoke “Holmesian” fluently), had shifted. It was lighter, lined with a mutual understanding, that despite the teasing and arguments, they cared. It always had been there, lingering just underneath the surface. Good things sometimes needed a little push in the right direction. Good thing, John Watson was brilliant at pushing.
The intensity of the gaze and the momentarily dilation of the pupils was enough to knock all the air out of John’s lungs. He suddenly didn’t feel so daring anymore. To his mortification, a blush crept slowly from his neck upwards and he would be damned if Sherlock didn’t look smug when he noticed. To save the last scraps of his pride, John did what a Watson did best in a moment of humiliation: Cover and flee.
Even now, countless hours and failed experiments, carless dangers, almost deaths and temper tantrums later, his doctor still watched him with the gentle adoration that made Sherlock's stomach feel funny. Clients came and went, cases rushed by, experiments excited him and faded, but John stayed. John had been the one variable which never seemed to change in Sherlock’s life. Even after his 'death' the dear doctor didn't abandon him; he was reserved and angry, of course he was, but he didn't leave Sherlock alone. The silence and tension lasted a month or so, until John casually asked him what he thought about the title of his newest blog entry about their latest case ("The nightingale’s bride"- almost painfully romanticized, but I suppose it serves the clientele well, John') and gave him one of these open, warm smiles which seemed to be reserved solely for Sherlock. He tried to remain indifferent on the outside, but something in his gut twisted almost painfully when John finally looked at him again.
“No!” the detective huffed, louder, with the air of a bratty child. John did not hesitate to call attention to this fact.
fantasies) curled in a small ball, with John’s arm securely around his waist, and a hand gently patting his hair.
John fidgeted anxiously, wishing he could clench his tingly fingers, but he still held Sherlock’s hands, and he’d be dammed if he let go now. He could feel the detective’s frantic heartbeat all the way in his palms (that certainly wasn’t healthy), and the doctor part in him hysterically cackled at the thought of sending his best friend into a state of shock with a love-confession. With growing uneasiness, he watched Sherlock blink at him rapidly; and really, at this point he was halfway through the door, to get his medical equipment and the ugly orange shock blanket. After all these years, he had done it. He broke Sherlock Holmes.
Would Sherlock allow him, to carefully take him apart, bit by bit, to put him back together again in the mot sensual kind of ways? Maybe the younger man wasn’t nervous because he didn’t feel comfortable, but because he felt too comfortable, too enthusiastic, didn’t know how to take out this new experience within him? Maybe he needed John to… lead the way?
John swallowed down his own panic, seeing Sherlock (calm controlled cool Sherlock) like this (a mess having an anxiety attack) was highly alarming. John quietly took the pulse (too fast), all while he whispered soothing nothings into the detective's ear. When he placed an arm careful around his waist (too thin), Sherlock's knees buckled and he feel very ungracefully to the ground. He didn't seem to mind, his eyes were pressed shut but the eyeball moved violently behind the soft skin of the lid, an indicator that he was lost somewhere in his big mind palace, and his desolate cries indicated he desperately wished to escape.
He turned and caught his best friend’s eye, which wrinkled happily at the corners when their gaze met. Sherlock couldn’t help but smile back, the sense of freedom suddenly accompanied by a deep fondness for his doctor.
, I want to go home" Sherlock nothing but sobbed into the already damp fabric of John's collar.
Sherlock sniffed, once again overcome by a strong wave of emotion. “I promise I won’t run off carelessly again” he spluttered hurriedly. John nodded enthusiastically, without a doubt of the sincerity. Had anyone told him that his day would end up with two arms full of consulting detective, both sniffling and giggling like fucking idiots because they finally managed to confess their love for each other, he’d probably flipped them off. Yet, here they were- a mess of emotions and tears and kisses.
Sherlock wanted to talk, wanted to reason, but he was afraid his voice would fail him. All he could come up with at the moment was “Please don’t leave me” or something equally pathetic. Naturally, he stayed silent as well. John was already halfway out of the room, when he seemed to change his mind. He turned around, fixed Sherlock with a gaze that made his stomach churn and his knees weak; and crossed the distance between them, to pull his best friend into the first hug they shared since Sherlock came back from the fall. Everything was warm, and soft, and fuzzy- Sherlock fought the urge to clutch the body of the smaller man closer to himself. He could feel John’s rapid heartbeat against his chest. “Don’t do that again” the doctor whispered into the fabric of Sherlock’s old dressing gown. “
“Mate, nobody wants to have sex with you when you’re dressing like my grandpa!”
He took one step closer to the bed, approaching John with slow, controlled movements. Upon closer inspection, he realized John’s shirt was
way because the detective deduced it. He tried to encourage John to open up about those times, though. John never did.
John, slightly surprised by the change of position, and by Sherlock’s open confession of his emotions, gave his friend a look over his shoulder. Sherlock, meanwhile was busy rearranging them so that he could securely wrap his body around the doctor’s smaller frame from behind. Keeping him safe and warm, in a cocoon made of blankets and body heat.
“I don’t want to see him”
In that very moment, not only Mrs. Hudson re-enters the kitchen, she also has Sherlock and Rosie in tow (it’s like a scene from a really bad romantic comedy, John thinks to himself).
too good for a madman like him. Better keep him close until he noticed.
This is my first time writing something smut-related. It's a learning process, I guess.
Song: Halleluja (Death of a Bachelor)
A sense of consideration he had never known before washed over the detective, when he held his best friend, a little after 4:30 on a Saturday morning, and there was nothing but moonlight, and promises, and blankets; blankets surrounding them, cocooning them, keeping them safe. John calmed, eventually. Sherlock patiently switched between rubbing the sore muscles of the doctor’s back, and cradling his head securely. The erratic breathing against Sherlock’s neck slowed periodically, until it was nothing more than a warm shudder. Everything was damp and clammy at this point, causing John to shiver a little in the cold air of the room. Noting his bloggers state of uncomfortableness, Sherlock tried to loosen the embrace, but John persistently buried his face deeper into his friend’s collar.
It’s good that they get to catch up now after this long investigation, but John feels a little cross at both of them for abandoning him like that. To be at the mercy of five fabulous tornados.
“Our victim this week is John Watson-“
This moment was the turning-point for both of the Holmes brothers; the atmosphere shifted, forgotten was the petty animosity that laid between them when they were in London. Here, they didn’t have to pretend to be their larger than life personas. They were just the Holmes brothers. And that was more than enough.
John Watson, being a single parent and widower of a best-friend-shooting assassin, dismissed all thoughts about romance in his life. He simply wasn’t made for it, he figured. But now, now he felt like he might explode with love for Sherlock – Sherlock, of all people! The Sherlock he wanted to be with ever since he asked that question at Barts all those years ago, the same Sherlock who had betrayed him, died, came back, watched him marry, made him so fucking angry, the same Sherlock who had kissed him. This very Sherlock had affectionate feelings towards him, the same affectionate feelings John had treasured all these years.
And maybe… just maybe… it already is Sherlock.
1) Sherlock tasted like a delicious combination overly sweet coffee and minty toothpaste, a combination that really shouldn’t be so tasty, but oddly enough it was; 2) Sherlock Holmes, his best friend, had just kissed him; 3) John wanted him to do it
They looked
Apparently, everyone agrees that he should be nervous.
“Why don’t you do it like last time, find yourself someone else that you can marry!”
What did it matter if people knew? They knew, that was far more important.
” his voice cracked at the last syllable, betraying his state of emotional turmoil. Sherlock never cried in front of anyone. But in that moment, he came pretty damn close.
He leans down to give Rosie a kiss on the forehead. John
“I never say what’s most important, alright? I don’t talk about my…. Emotions or anything regarding them. It’s not easy. I despise…. The vulnerability. The mess. The anticipation” The genius took a deep breath, suddenly appearing a little bit more like his normal self, flushing slightly at the embarrassing display of weakness.
“You look happy,” Sherlock remarks; his voice scratchy from the lack of use. It’s the first time John has heard it since this morning, and he shivers involuntarily.
Some seconds of silence. A frustrated hum. “Just ask her out”
He bumps Sherlock’s shoulder lightly with his own, unsure of how much physical contact is welcomed right now. It’s hard to say these days: Sherlock used to surround himself with an air of cold untouchability, but after months of co-parenting it almost seems like Sherlock wants to be near him. There are these lingering touches in the morning or late at night, when John snores off on the couch or prepares tea for them both; these touches on the back of his neck or the crook of his arm paired with that twinkle in Sherlock’s eyes that he never quite knows how to place.
Sherlock felt his voice made a gurgling noise- why couldn't he remember the damn name?! His only friend- DEAD, DEAD because of her, because he had let her, because he allowed himself to love someone else. People DIED because of him. HE destroyed lives. Next to the destroyed remains of his mind’s secure system, he stumbled over abysses, abysses which had always been there, but usually the remained neatly tucked away in a shabby corner named “
In this split of a second, Sherlock felt something he had never felt in his entire life: Regret. Technically, he knew that it had been the best possible plan. It was flawless, until the very last detail. And its success was an understatement; he had destroyed Moriaty’s web methodically and thoroughly. But- here John whimpered again, even more pitiful than the first two times- at what costs? He stood next to the bed before he even was aware that he’d been moving again.
“John?” the whisper was low and breathy, nothing more than a quiet sigh, but he’d be damned if he didn’t notice the vulnerability and trust Sherlock allowed himself to display. It warmed John’s heart – and something stirred in him that he didn’t allow to surface for a very long time. There they were again, the wonderful feelings of attraction and sentiment towards this wonder of a man, and finally John realized what he had so easily missed before: He wasn’t the only one who was (did he dare to think it?)
“Sherlock” he couldn’t quite contain the biting tone. “Time to go home”
All the while, John was a silent observer; a gentle presence, a grounding variable.
“I know, Sherlock” The detective closed his mouth with a click. “I know” John continued, voice small and breathy, and… sad. “what it was all about. I know you had to do it. And I’m… I’m grateful you did it, but… God I sound like such an asshole, don’t I? You sacrificed yourself for our safety, for
“Fuck off”
It was a tad too awkward, a tad too uncomfortable, a tad too honest; and Sherlock feared he’d crossed some sort of line, when he felt John tense up in his arms. He even prepared himself for another punch, if he was being honest with himself. It never came.
It was infuriating. It was almost impossible to ignore it. He was used to supress his emotions ever since he was a child, but thanks to stupid (wonderful), dull (funny), annoying (charming) John Watson all the secure walls he had built around himself were breaking down. These walls were meant to protect him. From people who would not understand him. From himself, for he (most of the time) didn’t understand himself.
“C’mon” Sherlock whispered, his voice underlined with a soft, caring tone it didn’t usually held. It was different, it was intimate, it was special. “Take a shower. You’re drenched and freezing”
Sherlock and Mycroft shared an amused look, when Greg added (not even looking up from his book) “And don’t get lost.”
He groans quietly, and Sherlock’s emergence from the bathroom interrupts that dangerous spiral he’s about to fall into.
With the hand that wasn’t occupied, he fished his phone out of the pocket of his jacket and began to clumsily type a short message: ‘Rosie’s missing you terribly (He decided to add ‘And me, too’ would sound a tad too pathetic).  Home, soon? – JW’ He didn’t even lock his screen, when a reply buzzed in. John tried to ignore the tickling feeling in his stomach at having Sherlock’s attention; but he just couldn’t help himself. He was utterly in love with this madman. The smile on his face faltered when he only got a GPS point as reply. It would take around 10 minutes with a cab from their current location on the pavement. Really, Sherlock? Really? Bring a toddler to a crime scene. What a brilliant idea. Father of the fucking year.
John’s and Sherlock’s eyes meet briefly, and John thinks he saw a flicker of something in them, but that might have just been a trick of the light.
After making the first tea of the day, the doctor decided it was time to get out of his own head and into the matter. It was Saturday, so no surgery, which was rather fortunate. He wouldn't have liked to leave Sherlock alone right after his breakdown. He briefly wondered how Sherlock would behave after his obvious display of weakness. Would he be embarrassed? Lock himself away? Be insecure about it, uncertain? Would he grave more contact? Deny the whole thing?
Up to the point where it didn’t. Lestrade had shushed them off into a cab (after John had broken his own “don’t giggle at crime scenes” rule), and it wasn’t until he realized the close proximity of the army doctor that he reached that point. He had been fine, and there hadn’t been any late night cuddles the last week, so he had been dealing pretty decently with the apparent….
The suspect was fighting against his hold, but the doctor had him in a steady grip, displaying his superiority in strength. Adrenaline was rushing through his system, making him feel alert and giddy and so damn powerful. He had missed this. Damn, how much he had missed this.
He also gained a lot out of the afternoon, felt suddenly so much closer to the weirdly wonderful Holmes brothers. John felt grateful to be accepted to witness the vulnerable side of Sherlock once again; he found it strangely endearing like any other part of the utter madman- Dear God, he was totally gone on the detective. One hundred percent enamored. What a beautifully frustrating mess.
Everybody’s pretty fed up when they finally install the camera at the front of the Fab 5 van, but Tan absolutely insisted on waiting until the weather cleared up, claiming like this, they’d get the “most gorgeous shots” of his home country. Tan can be pretty persistent about certain things and nobody in their right minds would dare to disagree with him (Bobby, though, points out the fact that it’s kind of hilarious that they had to wait three days for the rain to stop).
He would heal. They would get through this. It might not be easy. It might not be pleasant. But they got each other to pull through. That’s all that matters in the end, right? Sherlock placed his hands securely against John’s chest. He could feel the rapid heartbeat underneath his palm. It made him feel calm. All the hardships, all the pain, all the isolation he had to endure during his absence faded away in comparison to holding John Watson in his arms. For having this, he realized, when he nuzzled closer into the pillows, pulling the smaller body against him a little tighter, all the agony had been worth it.
“It’s kinda tough juggling a family and the work we do” Greg remarked, reminded of the time when his girls were still young and all the evenings in the office during which he missed them dearly.
John sighed. “Sherlock-“ he started.
“Catching some pints at the pub with Greg”
Really, he was pouring his heart out in the open here, although his vocabulary on the subject was limited and his experiences quite poor. But he tried, thank you very much, and John treated it like it was no big deal whatsoever.
Instead, he caught up on all the years he chastised himself from staring at his flat mate too blatantly. So, he let his eyes roam shamelessly. The wanker had the physic that reminded the army doctor of the marble statues in Rome, and the aura of a masterpiece of a Victorian artist. Combined with the natural grace in his every movement that even made something as mundane as making tea look like a dance, he was a work of art. And oh, don’t even get me started on that arse! (
loved- grow stronger and stronger.
“We’re playing pirates?” he asked casually, stepping towards the edge of the water.
). Groaning slightly, he checked the messenger ID. Sherlock. Of course. Greg chuckled into his almost empty glass.
Maybe, he thought to himself when the sun started to rise over London’s rooftops, he was in love with John Watson. Not that he’d ever do something about it. The chance that his feelings would be reciprocated was non-existent at this point. Maybe things would have been different if he hadn’t faked his death. But he did. It seemed like John was million miles away sometimes, without any chance to connect to him. The thought made him inexplicably sad.
The exit out of the cab and arrival in the flat went by in a blur, for Sherlock managed to work himself in a state of nervous excitement, that left his heart pounding faster and his whole body felt like it was on
Because really, one must admit defeat when it’s inevitable. He wasn’t built for relationships. He had been
Sherlock, meanwhile, was busy rearranging the chaos John’s words had made of his mind-palace. Because Oh.
John had always been a physical man, who needed physical closeness to uphold a certain level of emotionality. But somehow Sherlock fucking Holmes managed to be an exception even when it came to John's preferences. The little touches and hugs (not to speak of the glorious-totally-platonic spooning incident from the night before) were enough to make him more giddy than he had felt with almost all of his former girlfriends. Always something special, that damn Sherlock Holmes. What a fucking tosser.
John didn't even know why Sherlock had taken the case. It was a two at best, nothing Sherlock would usually bother about. Maybe it had been because Lestrade pleaded him to come, after half of Scotland Yard’s officers were struck ill with a nasty influenza virus.
All was fine.
The detective finally took his own hands away from his eyes and regarded his doctor with an unreadable gaze. Calculating. Deducing. Hoping, perhaps.
“Do you mind if I take the first shower? I feel disgusting” John continued in the same, light tone- like something significant hadn’t just shifted between them, like this was supposed to be
Starting the New Year off strong with another chapter! Hope you spent the first day of the New Year as content as I did.
“All princesses sit in the backseat, that’s the rule.” Greg actually took his hand off his partner’s knee to high-five John for that one.
There are so many things he doesn’t say right now.
When John emerged ten minutes later in a dressing gown and his medical kit, he didn’t look Sherlock in the eyes. He continued to not look him in the eyes, while he sat the injured detective down at the kitchen table to treat his rapidly darkening bruise. They stayed silent the whole time, until John pressed a cooling-pack against the injured area. They didn’t talk when they sat down at the couch, and John turned on the TV. They didn’t talk, for two whole hours, until John stretched, stood up and mumbled something about getting ready for his day at the surgery.
After a case, Sherlock usually sleeps up to 18 hours. He had mere seven so far. His face reflects extreme resentment about this fact.
Horrible is a very strong word.
While they sail off to chartered waters, Sherlock recognized the cluster of freckles underneath his brother’s left elbow, that looked like a constellation and he felt a deep sense of happiness that it was still
John snorted unamused. “Don’t be sorry; he loves this” Greg gave a short chuckle in return. “As hell he does. And God knows we’re sometimes lost without him. But still, London won’t burn down if I refuse to give him a new case for two or three days”
lost his patience and send them off to occupy themselves with something else (not after he showered everybody in sunscreen in true Dad-fashion).
“Well that was…. Something” John chuckled good-naturedly while he furiously wiped some golden glitter from the kitchen counter. This afternoon Sherlock had been called for a pretty uneventful case (he went anyway, because he technically still owned Greg for the babysitting) and John and Rosie were left to their own devices. John, currently obsessed with teaching his curious little daughter about absolutely everything, came up with the glorious idea they could so some “science”. Not the Sherlock-y kind of science, mind you, with all kinds of poisonous chemicals and explosions, but a tame kind of science. He consulted the internet (mainly one of the Mummy-blogs he secretly subscribed to, because damn those Mums really knew all the little nips and tricks) and came up with something Rosie was absolutely
So, they made slime. Pink, glittery,
Rosie’s delighted giggles seeped through the house, surrounding them quietly. John sighed. “I meant sorry for showing up at a crime scene without being any help whatsoever”
“C’mon now. I know some good old pining when I see it.”
It’s nothing short of a miracle.
John now laughed freely, almost dropping the scone he had buttered himself moments before.
in sweat, while his blogger shivered violently. His gaze never left Sherlock’s frame, until the detective stood right next to his hunched-over form. The moonlight illuminated Sherlock’s features. John’s gaze darted from the tea in his best friend’s hand, to the purple bruise on his jaw. Seeing the injury, he had caused must have been the final straw; before Sherlock could anticipate what was happening, John’s eyes welled up with tears.
with him, in his arms, as
The warm smell of self-made sponge cake wavers through Mrs. Hudson’s small flat. Their landlady had offered her kitchen as the set for Antoni’s food segment and had puttered around nearby ever since, presumable to shower in Antoni’s overflowing charm. The scene is so domestic and homey (especially now, when Mrs. Hudson makes some tea “as a refreshment for your hardworking boys” and Antoni gushes over antique tea-set while they take a break from filming while the cake is baking) and John catches himself wishing Sherlock and Rosie were there with them. Sherlock had taken on babysitting duty this morning, off with Rosie to god-knows-where doing god-knows-what. John indulges in a small private fantasy that they’d just come rushing in the door and join the merry baking-round. It’s enough to make him smile and flush and he quickly tries to overplay it with a sip of tea.
It’s enough that he’ll be portrayed as a sad old looser on a Netflix show, better not add ‘insane’ to the list.
Just a little.
“Everything okay? I know it’s a lot to take in. “
Sherlock wanted this. Everything. John Watson; at every hour of the day.
Although it was completely new to them, they seemed to accept this new form of contact easily, like it was something that was supposed to be. Like something that was bound to happen eventually. Like it meant something. Anything. Everything.
Sherlock did, what Mycroft would recognize everywhere at any given time, his ‘pirate voice’. It hadn’t really changed much since he was a child, and hearing it now brought back some memories and emotions the politician hadn’t remembered and felt in a very long time.
John squeezed his partner gently, touched by his honest confession.
Greg was in high spirits- as vacations came seldom enough, and a vacation with his little family had never happened before- and whistled idly, while he set the turn signal and came to a halt at Baker Street. The weather was fantastic, which was rare in London, and he got all the supplies they would need: Tents, camping cookers, cutlery, blankets, sleeping bags, food, and dozens of other its and bits.
“Can I give you a hug?” Antoni asks and wraps John in his arms the moment he gets consent to do so. “Usually, Karamo gets all the tear-jerking stuff, he’s going to be so jealous,” the younger man jokes to lighten the mood. John chuckles against his shoulder (he’s really getting used to all this casual physical contact and already makes plans how to incorporate it into his day-to-day life.)
John scratches his neck. “I guess….” He trails off, remembering the last time they had guests over at 221B. It’s only been some years- the first and only Christmas party at 221B- but it feels like forever ago. He’s grown old, since then. In a sense, they both have (though it suits Sherlock better).
“Thanks for the tea. I think I might skip dinner. I’m rather knackered”
Sherlock. God, how he cared about this impossible, insufferable, intolerable genius.
“Not wearing any,” Antoni murmurs, still mostly to himself. Nobody seems to be frazzled by the statement.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s a stupid question.”
“Thanks” he murmured, his voice husky from exertion. Sherlock offered him the tea, John drank gratefully. They sat in silence a couple of minutes, drinking tea. Eventually, the doctor broke the silence, sighing.
After an exciting case, things get heated.
loved bees)- but she was fighting sleep persistently. She was tucked safely in the crook of John’s arm and held onto Sherlock’s thumb, in an effort to keep both of her caregivers close.
“Sherlock?”
After all, it didn’t have to
Karamo closes the tablet and turns so he looks at everyone: “Let’s make sure it’ll be the best party ever!”
Sherlock blew a raspberry in Mycroft’s general direction, before he focused all his attention on Rosie again.
This proposition held approximately 20 seconds more, until the army doctor gently patted him on the back, and Sherlock found himself
, shivering under his fingertips,
4.) Sherlock is, without a doubt, the best guy that John knows.
Still, his throat closes up.
come from?
It was easier when Sherlock was with him, period.
They kissed until their lips were of a rich red color and tingled to the touch; and when John buried his nose in the black curls he adored so desperately, he heard the faintest of whispers:
Sherlock didn’t have any experience with consoling people. He usually didn’t find himself in any situation where he would use this skill. He usually didn’t care enough. So, he was clawing to the few things he knew: He knew that John liked tea and warm showers. He knew John slept best when his sheets were fresh. He knew John felt lonely sometimes, and he knew that John was a physical man; a man who enjoyed the closeness and warmth of another person’s touch.
He’s not sure if he’s ready.
This notion finally did it, John pulled away and cleared his throat awkwardly. “Sorry about that” he mumbled, looking anywhere but in Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock made the deep, throaty sound that escaped him whenever he got confused about social situations and emotional norms.
“Not soon, now” John couldn’t hide a small smirk. If her little majesty decided to be bossy again, not everything was lost.
And Greg closed the door behind him, and let out the breath he had been holding. The peace was fun while it lasted.
to be worshipped.
Right.
… Sherlock?” The detective just smiled, with a devious boyish charm that made him look so much younger, so much more
“And you could come along. I bet she’d love that, too.”
A sound John would deny for the rest of his days left him when Sherlock mumbled reassuring things in a tone as sweet and soft as honey. Little nothings the Sherlock from many years ago wouldn’t have bothered with- but this Sherlock knew, this Sherlock understood; this Sherlock was eager to give John what he needed to be happy. Sentiment, you curious thing.
“No, save it. I don’t want to hear it.”
“Speaking of Holmes brothers, how did you get Mycroft to agree to this trip, anyway? I mean-“ John risked a glance at the backseat, but Sherlock was way too occupied to demonstrate the flight pattern of the common robin to listen in on their conversation- “I got this one with the promise of soil samples and leave patterns. But Mycroft? He doesn’t strike me as the nature type.”
“Then why-“ Sherlock continued nonchalant, only the tightening pressure against John’s stomach betraying the effect those words had on him- “are you hiding from me? What are you ashamed of?”
“I don’t think so” he answered gently. The younger man finally took his hands away from his eyes. They were huge and watery.
His fingers twitched against his thigh, restlessly, while he increasingly became aware of his own breathing. He tried to focus on something else; swallowed but his mouth was uncomfortably dry. There was a lump in his throat that simultaneously complicated breathing and made him feel like throwing up. The closer he came to the address, the lesser he had his panic under control; and by the time he left the cab on shaking legs, he was pretty sure everyone would notice. Maybe he should just…. Turn back to endure another torturous cab ride and-
kissing him back,
‘C’mon, Sherls, that’s an easy one!’
Back to business.
I'm ready to live
“Second, how do you feel about sharing?”
He didn’t think for a moment, he just felt; he felt and allowed himself to be happy, and to hope, and to be daring. He’d blame it on the adrenalin, if necessary. But actually, he just wanted to, and he was gone on the post-case bliss; way too gone to deny himself such an innocent wish.
While he was endeared by Sherlock and his fascination with things; he was buzzing to clear his head, to get some distance, just to look at them in a different perspective. All his thoughts circled around their relationship, around their emotions, around the chaos of it all- coming to no point whatsoever.
At that, the doctor raised his eyebrows in his ‘Sherlock has no clue about the social 101’ fashion (and wasn’t telling that they even
“But yesterday-“
Now everybody at the Yard knew how pathetic he really was. How broken. Nobody would respect him after this. Hell, he didn’t even respect himself anymore.
It’s still far from the sexy bed-sharing arrangement Jonathan and Bobby imagined, but, John thinks to himself, it’s definitely a step in the right direction. He falls back asleep with a smile on his face.
“Why would you want to be… with me? It doesn’t make sense”
(See the end of the chapter for
John shook his head, amused. “I know, quite a bummer. He might poison my jam as a payback”, he joked. Pleased with himself, he watched the older Holmes stifle a smile, just he realized he also never shared a genuine laugh with the politician.                                                                               For calling the man ‘brother dear’ only some hours earlier on the phone, he sure as hell wasn’t familiar with him at all. It was easy to be sassy over the phone, but this felt… different.
“John, I told you I would not change-“
John sighed happily, relaxing his muscles in his partner’s hold and letting his eyes slide closed. “Nature is doing you good.”
. He comforted himself with the thought that his object of admiration would still be there when he came home that evening.
That morning, when John hopped in the shower with his mind still heavy from the prospects of the situation they found themselves in, he absent-mindedly wondered when the last time had been when he had to clean out the bathtub with bleach, due to one of Sherlock’s little ‘experiments’. Glad to find something else to occupy his mind, he pondered upon the subject nearly two minutes. Then it dawned on him. He couldn’t even remember. Nor could he remember the last time he almost gagged out his own lungs when finding rotten horse eyes next to the carrots. Or holes in the walls… or violent violin music at 3am… It not just dawned on him then. It was a downright epiphany.
John groaned, cursing his brain for the 50
His friend regarded him with a gentle gaze and just- smiled. John wasn’t entirely sure what to do with this reaction.
like there’s no one else in the room. You can’t tell me that this attention doesn’t affect you at all.”
And it is hours later, when he wakes and finds Sherlock is still right where he was when they both slipped into a nervous slumber. He stares at the long elegant arch of Sherlock’s back and shoulders, listens to the quiet hums leaving his best friend’s lips.
Something to make him… understand.
There was no sound for some minutes, except for their uneven breathes- Sherlock’s slowing down, while John found himself breathing more and more heavier by the second.
“I could use some help here, Sherls” John’s voice was filled with warm teasing. It sort of became their routine. John would call him “Sherls” whenever he tried to coax him into doing some housework, because Sherlock once mumbled the nickname seemed more fitting for a housewife in her forties. His reply was always the same: “Don’t call me that”, then John would proceed to tease him some more, which would ultimate lead to cheerful fighting, sometimes cleaning, and playful sex. It was a weird routine, but it was
of him.
“I don’t deserve you” he rumbled snakingly, voice dissolving in hurried breaths which made John question whether the younger man had started crying. Now, that would be another first.
And what the hell was he feeling, anyway? Unlike the genius, John couldn’t determine someone’s emotional history right off their shoelaces. He was playing the guessing game here, and although he opened up considerably, Sherlock was still unreadable at the best of times.
; something his self-destructive pride always opposed. A sense of relief filled him when he finally let go of the restraints he had set himself, for no apparent reason, other than he was able to.
It had been a long time since he felt this good about himself.
Instead of prolonging the conversation, he pulled his insufferable madman to lay down with him and proceeded to snog the living daylights out of him. Sherlock, although a little surprised, welcomed this change of events eagerly.
Then, John would turn his head, to rest it in the crook of the geniuses’ neck, to whisper a soft “Come to bed” in his ear.
“What if someone saw?” John continued, checking if anyone- or God forbit, Greg- had peeked their way. It didn’t seem like it.
There’s no camera installed at the front of the car, so John feels a little more at ease. “I guess I’m working through some stuff right now.”
“You’re not awful for being happy. You’re allowed to live,” Antoni speaks gently, his own voice sounding a little bit wet. John’s glad they don’t have any of this on camera. It feels much too personal, much too intimate to be broadcasted all over the internet.
was he supposed to do? He would not stop living because Sherlock was gone. Although, it seemed like a tempting alternative.
Now, a sleeping Sherlock was a rare, but wonderful sight to behold. Endless limps tangled ungracefully between crumpled sheets, dark curls were sprayed all over the pillow (and their owner's face). They had increased almost ridiculously in length over the past months, now gingerly touching the young man's shoulders and neck. Although he liked to tease his companion about it, John secretly liked them that way. If only they weren't so damn tempting to just run your fingers through them all the time! A small bead of spit was forming right underneath the softly snoring mouth of the world's only consulting detective. In contrary to his controlled conscious self, Sherlock was a messy sleeper. John
A family.
John actually laughed out loud at that. “Well, there’s an expectation to every norm”
to be intimate with him. John managed to shed his initial tentativeness, now trying in earnest to show off his skills- he was a bloody fantastic kisser, as he’d been told- to make the detective’s knees go weak. Judging by the way the younger man’s back was trembling lightly and his breathing elaborated, he was doing a pretty decent job.
“I like you”, he finally said, almost casually. Sherlock tensed, only for a split second, until he relaxed again. It came as a small shock, this open expression of sentiment, not that he didn’t… know. It just wasn’t something they usually said.
“Woah, easy there!” the doctor yelped, almost losing his footing while he tried to keep his balance. “Sherlock-hey!- Sherlock, hold on!”
Shortly after Mycroft’s visit, they had started to share a bed.
Sherlock stopped the struggling he had begun. “But-“ the tone in his voice had nothing pompous around it anymore. It was small.
was the army doctor- in his bed, out of his bed, in his heart. The intensity of it all was intoxicating. And terrifying.
“Do you think it would be appreciated?”
It was John who broke the silence first, with a soft “I’m glad you’re here”; but it was Sherlock who closed the distance between them, no longer rooted to the spot, but eager and fast, clinging to John’s sitting frame, basically sitting on his lap. John let out a surprised yelp, when the detective forcefully buried his face in the junction of the doctor’s throat and collarbone.
It’s a crisis over the whole “I’m not gay” thing, which feels like an uncalled-for defense mechanism the more he thinks about it. Defending him against what, exactly?
John sighed, but not in his exasperated ‘Sherlock’s being an idiot’ kind of way. It sounded a bit remorseful, perhaps. He eyed Sherlock another few seconds, looking almost sad (which made a knot of anxiety curl in Sherlock’s stomach), before smiling, just a little bit (the knot loosened).   “You can kiss me as much as you like, whenever you feel like it”
He was just slightly dozing off, face pressed against the softer part of John’s stomach, when his make-shift pillow moved around a little bit, fishing his phone out of his pocket. Sherlock didn’t even have to open his eyes to know it was a text message from John’s sister; probably something about the on/off marriage with her spouse, or something equally mundane. John chuckled quietly, shaking the bundle of detective attached to him in the process.
.’ Sherlock blinked a few times and replayed John’s statement from earlier, until everything clicked into place. John was upset, because he
Sherlock looked at him, really looked at him- this stubborn, brave, wonderful man- and saw the determination in his eyes, and the genuine affection radiating towards him. He tried to deduce the default in all of this but came out empty-handed. John, gentle, loving, wonderful John, really wanted to be with him. Sure, Sherlock had hoped that he would but… most of the time entertained it as a mere fantasy. The prospect that everything that happened between them had a
Antoni winks at him playfully, and in another scenario,  John might have thought the younger man was flirting with him. But, now that he became attuned to the Fab 5’s mannerisms, he just knows that’s how they are.
Thinking of the flatmate, Sherlock became slightly aware of John's voice seeping through his door. He sensed no other presence, so a phone call it was. As quietly and as casual (in case he got caught in the act) as he could, the slender detective tiptoed to the door and opened it a crack, wide enough to observe the strong composure of his best friend and to eavesdrop the conversation he was having. His skilled eyes quickly made out the basic factors (called instead of being called, nervous about the interaction (highly unusual), a male counterpart; not too close but no stranger- maybe a fellow soldier from Afghanistan? A college from the surgery? Further collection of data is required). Sherlock made a small effort to hide in the shadows of the still mostly closed door (for John
Greg helped John load all his things in the boot and took Rosie right out of his arms, to cuddle her.
over”
“Whatever.”
were different. Sherlock had died. John almost got married. Sherlock came back. John didn’t marry in the end.
Something about John was different. People were usually reduced to cold facts by his brilliant mind, nothing but dull shells, open books with their petty hopes and dreams and values and feelings. But despite knowing him for so long, despite being closer to him than he had been to anyone, despite the insanely huge room he occupied in his mind palace; John remained a mystery. Confusing most of the time, with his complex emotions despite his shockingly simple preferences in life, changing from cuddly good-natured fellow to cold-blood soldier in 1,2 seconds, all contradictions and secrets, and yet so soothingly familiar. Yet so much... home. Sherlock hugged his pillow thoughtfully and wished for the split of a second that it was John. Until he came back to his senses and remembered that he was Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock Holmes didn't do physical closeness (despite in times of dire need). Sherlock Holmes didn't need affection (right?). Right (Shut up). He simply refused to let John Watson take over another aspect of his (pre-John) so solid self-concept. The doctor owned enough of his exceptions already. His pride wouldn't lose another of his particular quirks to the charme of his flatmate.
John blushed hotly (he was sure, wouldn’t Greg be slightly tipsy, he’d notice straight away) and thought to himself that he’d be dammed if Greg knew that the ‘helping’ included sharing a bed and kisses. To overplay his embarrassment, he took a large gulp out of his new pint.
“I’m mad at myself for feeling this way, I try to keep my distance during the day but at night… I realize how much I… I missed you, Sherlock”
He had read about the effects of alcoholic beverages on the memory. Maybe he should have ingested more, so he wouldn’t have to remember what an utter
John watched, and said: “Thanks.” Greg patted him on the back affectionately, with a spark of understanding flashing in the warm pools of his iris. In this moment, John was very grateful to have a friend like Greg. A friend, who understood without asking too many questions. A friend who was content not knowing, as long as he could help in some way.
He feels good about himself for the first time since in forever, he’s not going to ruin this over a sexual crisis.
his shoulder. The plan was to shake him awake.
He only says it around Sherlock, though. Another, far worse, thought enters his mind: What if he hurt
about.
Small, anguish whimpers reached his ears. He clung onto the cup in an effort to keep himself from going upstairs. He wasn’t sure John would appreciate it. So, he sat. And stood. And played the violin. And tried to ignore the pained noises coming from upstairs.
“Are you his partner?”
be! I don’t need anyone interfering in my romantic life, thank you.”
“Best way to quiet a spinning mind.” Moriarty smiled and one hand touched the soft underside of her jaw, “Hold still, lovely.” Judith had enough time to look at Moran for help, but it was clear he thought this was alright. She trusted Moran, more than she knew she should. Judith was completely distracted when Moriarty kissed her.
“Keep your boyfriend close, Sherlock.”
“They wouldn’t have. None of the doors had been forced, the locks were intact.” He squinted, “Whoever killed Sherlock was finishing a job that failed the first time. They missed once, they weren’t going to again.” He sniffled and dialled a number on his phone. It rang twice and picked up.
needed his help. But there was no sign of him in Sanctorum. Hoping to God he was in Kamar-Taj, she opened the doors to the Map Room and walked through by herself. Just as she’d hoped, there he was. He had gathered with Master Wong of Hong Kong Sanctum. There was no Master for London Sanctum yet, they were still vetting candidates. Judith knew she wasn’t expected in Kamar-Taj, but she needed help now from Stephen like she had never needed help before.
“What are you up to now, then?”
“You two have made my job hard enough, so shut up!” She snapped at the boys, who fell silent. Brook whimpered, covering his head as if afraid of physical violence.
“Now would be good!”
looking for.
The radio went silent and she checked her time. This was definitely going on over-time. Returning to the Rover, she stopped by Angelo’s over in Soho to get dinner, waiting until she got to Brixton and had parked on a corner to eat. She reported in when she reached her post, took a few minutes to reorganize and eat, and drove the streets looking for anything out of the ordinary.
to do them by myself, I don’t use them. But it’s with great pleasure I get to take you into custody, Mr. Costas.” She read the suspect and called for a uniformed car to come and get him. She placed a spell that kept him from using his own magic to escape at any time, stopping short of stripping him of his magic. She wasn’t strong enough for that, and without his sling-ring, he couldn't do much. As the car pulled away, she pocketed her own sling-ring and leaned against the nearby wall to catch her breath.
The rest of the conversation only took a few minutes, and he heard only one side of the exchange, mono-syllabic or short answers, unsure if it was anger or something else in her voice and in her expression. When she finally hung up, she looked at her phone as though it had insulted her somehow.
“You’re a handsome boy, yeah? Come along, you, I’m a friend.” The sire got slowly to his feet and approached with typical suspicious body-language. John kept food in his pockets for Sherlock, usually sweeties, but he had a bit of salmon jerky in his pocket and he pulled this out to entice the dogs to befriend him more quickly.
“Fine way to come back! Good work, you two, clever of you to follow it all the way out here to nowhere.”
“I don’t think Doctor Hooper is going to mind.” Stamford pushed the door open, “After you?”
certain she hadn’t been drugged, but not a hundred per cent. And most drugs didn’t work like this. She could turn in one direction only, but not move otherwise.
was in that tea?” She groaned, bracing herself on hands and knees and waiting for her body to realize it was stable again. Motion-sickness and sea-sickness had never bothered her, but she felt
“Christ, you’re good at that.”
“No problem. I’ll, um, see you later, I guess.”
“Oh my god. I’m … so sorry.” John sniffled, “God, you two were a handsome pair.”
“Mm, wouldn’t do to have someone offing the poncy brats, I guess. Shame, though, I know a few who could use a good scare.”
“The look that got me tagged with the nickname Mother Watson when we were in med school?” John knew exactly what Stamford was talking about and chuckled a bit.
“Stop him.” Brook shook his head, “Stop my brother,
“You kids get
“Let’s see here. Divorced father of two, rather late in life it looks like, drives cabs for a living, trying to make ends meet. Name is…Jefferson Hope. What is this guy’s deal? No record at all, not even a shoplifting charge as a teenager! What flipped his switch suddenly?” She had taken over Mycroft’s chair when he got up to refresh the tea and he had practically pulled her into it, “He’s responsible for the deaths of at
“What was that?”
“Skinny American kid, yeah. God, he could
, John.”
“Did you
But as they stood around the corpse of the dog, Judith’s hearing caught footsteps.
“I need the cameras out of Soho.” She leant over the back of Q’s chair, “And pull all of them, I can’t risk missing this guy because I forgot a camera.”
“Are you real?” It was a stupid thing to ask, but he really wasn’t sure if this was actually happening in real time or if he was hallucinating.
“Boys!” Mrs Hudson yelled from downstairs, “Making them wait any longer won’t make them go away, you know!”
“You’re not Scotland Yard!” Claudia spat.
“They got here first and they didn’t mess up anything on the scene.” She said calmly, “I kept an eye on them the whole time, Anderson, so piss off.”
“Yeah, no problem!” He watched her leave the bar, “Uh, where are
, Greg. She lost a loyal, devoted husband.” Judith put an arm around Greg, offering a bit of support, “If she strayed because you worked too hard, then she married you for the wrong reasons.”
“Ciao, Sherlock Holmes!” Looking back at Sherlock with some distaste, he walked away calmly. Sherlock slowly stepped forward to keep him in his sights.
A little bit of a sweet interlude for Judith and Greg! I wasn't planning on any of the fluff happening in this chapter any more than Greg planned on, well...you'll see what he's got in store for Judith!
“A bit. I’ve never danced in public before.”
“Still doing my job, sir. Everything alright with you?”
me?!” She groaned, “Halfway around the fucking world, and he
She snapped,
“Oi! I do not want you, cat!” Sherlock said sharply as Kitty decided to insert herself into the situation and pulled herself onto his lap. “Ouch! Claws!”
It was a quiet drive back to The Met for them and it didn’t take long to settle into Greg’s office. John didn’t miss the side-long looks and whispers, but he ignored most of them. He wasn’t a stranger here anyway. He was cursing the headache behind his eyes as he wrote down his statement, but he didn’t miss when Greg’s assistant popped her head in.
“For abandoning you like that. Can you ever forgive me?”
looking for work but I don’t know what London has to offer that could
“Now, eat up.”
“Well, you
it?” Greg sighed, raking shaky fingers through his hair, “You’re her teacher, yeah? The one from, uh, Kamar-Taj?”
“How do you know Mycroft? Or even Q, for that matter?”
He chuckled,
“But that was several years ago, you would have been discharged in 2009?”
“And what did the dastardly duo want?”
“Hey! Watson! Hold up!” He had gotten out of his car, “You don’t have a place to stay tonight?”
“Mutual. More his than mine, to be honest.” It wasn’t so much that John and Harry weren’t on speaking terms anymore, it was
“But you smell of something else more pleasant as well, Moriarty’s stench is almost...stale.”
As I went down in the river to pray
!” That got a scoff and an eye-roll. “Please, just call me Sherlock.”
“What will you do with the information?”
“John!” She flung the door open, having recognized John despite his current state, and stood with her hands on her hips, “Where have you been, young man?!”
“Well, until he becomes a viable threat, nothing.”
“What can I say? Magic fingers.” He just grinned at her and wiggled his fingers, “Imagine what I could do with an hour.”
“Oh no, my dear Watson.” Sherlock smirked, “They need my help. It is not a matter of want. If these fools had their way, they’d never get a thing done.” The hotel was a hive of activity, there were cars and lights everywhere, it reminded her a bit of a crime-drama she’d watch on telly. But the adrenaline spike was very real. When they got to the floor on which the scene was contained, they found the place by following buzzing voices.
“Good, honest, hard-working folks. You’re ex-Army, too. Marked it on you right away.” He sat down, “But if you want answers, you’d better get rid of your cop buddies.”
“Are you sure about that?” Sally murmured.
“Are you sure about that?”
“I think it might just interest you enough to keep you out of trouble.”
“He’s really not
“Really!” Mrs Hudson huffed, “Manners!”
“Okay.”
“Yeah, that’s...actually, yeah, that’s perfect. If you don’t mind carrying a couple bags of ice in your boot.”
“Oh, it was amazing! I’ll take you out some time, it’s such a thrill!” she hugged him tightly, neither of them minding that she got him a bit wet, “Keep yourself busy while I was gone?”
“Same one and only!”
“We’ve kept it a secret this long, what’s a bit longer?”
“You spoil my cat, you know that right?”
“What’s your next move?” John whispered hoarsely as they began to back away slowly.
“Yes, sir.” Judith clicked her radio and called into Dispatch.
“Sounds good to me!” She smiled and they followed the chatty hostess to a communal table. There were already a few people at the table, all of them in rather good spirits. Judith suspected it was the several bottles of wine and beer scattered along that section of the table that gave rise to their cheer. In a fit of alcohol-fueled goodwill, the businessman footing the bill for the other group at their table bought a round of drinks for everyone at the table, insisting that Judith and Lestrade consider themselves taken care of. Judith had never been one to turn down a free drink, and apparently, neither was Lestrade. Introductions were made and good times had by all. There was enough food, when that came, for twice the number of people at their table, but very little was left uneaten.
“I know. And I apologize.”
“To talk to Doctor Hooper and see if she can tell us anything.”
“John!”
“I think so. We’ll get in touch with The Met and see about getting word to other local police, I guarantee you those puppies are well outside of London by now.” John rubbed the bony crest of Pongo’s head, “We’ll find out where she went and go there.”
“Roger that.” He checked his weapon and went after Jim Moriarty. You didn’t threaten people like that and just walk away from it!
When they got out at the Radcliffe house, John went right to the Land Rover carrying the Radcliffe dogs, one hand on the door-handle as the front door of the small house flew open and the residents came running. As soon as he saw Mr and Mrs Radcliffe, he pulled the door open and let out Pongo and Perdy. Watching the couple reunite with their dogs was perfect, and John leaned against the car.
“Bit of a story, that one.” He smirked.
“What’s up?”
“Spoil what?”
“Joining me?”
it was, when he was pulled from a restless sleep by a hand on his shoulder. He groaned and pressed one hand to his eyes.
“You were out there for a while, yeah?”
“You seem to have this impression of yourself that you are unfit for your age or some nonsense.” Eyes turned grey looked steadily at him, “Which is entirely untrue. You are in far better physical condition than many of our age-mates and even some who are quite a good bit younger. There is nothing wrong with the way you look.”
warmer in Sanctorum, naturally, but Stephen could be a worry-wart when he felt like it. Judith found herself bundled in a dressing-gown and two blankets, relegated to the couch in front of a roaring fire, a mug of something hot shoved into her hands.
“You don’t think your own mother is capable of
“Not much to look at, is she?”
, and everything else he thought we might need to know. He’s a bottom-rung gun-for-hire, but he knew enough to be useful. He knows his time is limited, if the aneurysm doesn’t off him then one of Moriarty’s insiders will.”
This is where I get into the meat of A Study in Pink. Bear with me, I'm giving this whole story a last-minute overhaul! In the middle of bloody NaNoWriMo! Why now?!
for?!”
John wasn’t actually sure what he had expected out of someone like Sherlock Holmes, knowing what he did about the man’s two brothers, but when they couldn’t find him in the chem labs and ended up heading for the basement of the hospital where the Morgue was, he suspected he was in for something a bit out of the ordinary. That was fine, considering most of his life had been spent doing extraordinary things. A little normalcy and a slower pace would not be amiss, but John knew better to think that he was at all suited to a “normal” life, that standard civilian lifestyle would appeal to him at all. He did not like being bored.
“Good.” He nodded and felt a shift in the man in front of him, and moved with him. “Oh, no you don’t. Put down your gun, Mr Lachey, or we’re going to have some serious trouble here.”
John Watson returns to London after two decades in the Royal Army Medical Corps, where he takes rooms in VA housing and a job wherever he can find work. He finds work at an upscale London restaurant called Quo Vadis as a waiter. One night, during a long shift, he meets an unusual patron. His life is about to get a whole lot more interesting.
“I am a consulting detective. The only one in the world.”
business for one of two reasons.”
“Of course, sir! What can I do for you?”
“Fair enough. You’re up early.”
“Yeah, I’m right here. Focus on my voice, can you do that? You’re alright, it was just a bad dream.”
“Everything I didn’t learn from MI6, I learned from him.” She took Jim’s hand and got to her feet, groaning as sensation and blood-flow rushed back to her legs, “Ow!” The only thing she was still connected to was the radio, and Jim plugged the ear-piece back in just in time for word to get to them that Sherlock Holmes was on-site and on his way in.
“How long will you be gone, Sherlock?”
“Yikes, that bad?”
“Please don’t tell me it’s another one.”
! Hah! Fancy thing, that!”
“I’m not a betting man.” Sherlock couldn’t help the crooked smile.
“Not all of them.”
“Never mind that! Just focus on him and you will be marvellous.” Riyah smiled and kissed her on the cheek after placing her head-scarf, “And you are ready. Come along!” Hoping to god she wouldn't humiliate herself, for as much as she adored dancing it was completely different in a public venue, Judith followed Riyah and the girls.
While the boys finished shutting down the flat, Judith got ready for bed. She sat cross-legged on the bed while the boys went through their nightly routine, wondering if Greg had made any headway with Hope. His only text had been a quick one, which meant he was probably going to be up all night.
“I noticed you when you boarded the train at Baker Street.” She rubbed her fingertips together, checking the map so she wouldn't miss her stop, “It’s kind of my
“The rules don’t actually say what you think they do, Donovan. But if it makes any difference to you, they’re my informants today.”
!” Judith yelled just as his foot hit the pressure-pad. “Oh, Christ.” She and John both heard the click, the soft ticking. He’d hit a pressure-pad dead-centre. It wasn’t the first time they had seen a man blown up by a land-mine, and it wasn’t likely to be the last. When the mine exploded, she ducked the cloud of smoke and fire, the debris. Getting their heads on straight, they collected Henry Knight and headed back to town.
“Oh, John.” It was a sad utterance. All that time spent loudly proclaiming, “Not gay!” to all and sundry. But “not gay” didn’t mean “completely straight”, did it? Sherlock frowned and thought of the evidence he’d seen prior to 2011. “Not gay” indeed, but how many times had he and John gone to bed together? John had shown him that just because he was asexual didn’t mean he couldn’t
Moran was stable, providing a distant anchor-point for Judith’s imbalance,
That was…who was Stephen? Why did he sound like Sherlock, just with a different accent?
Sighing, John got to his feet and headed out, waving to a few people as he left. If he had his choice, he wouldn’t come back to this party. The nearest petrol station was a half mile away, and Tesco was six minutes’ drive. Taking a risk, John decided to drive.
“Just do as he says!” Greg yelled, gesturing for everyone to get down, and slowly the gathered police began to kneel.
“Oh, god!” Judith couldn't believe what she was hearing, what he was admitting to.
“I just don’t get it.” He let out a slow breath, “Suicide doesn’t seem like something Sherlock would do, you know?”
is the move.” He slid the right-hand pill across the table towards Sherlock with his right hand, then pulled his hand back and left the pill where it was.
“Where did
doesn’t want it to change. All I did was give her a choice, she said yes to it, but she is allowed to change her mind. She’s too important to me for that kind of thing to turn us over.”
“Oh, I thought so! I thought it might be that!” Mrs Hudson just smiled and hugged them both, being careful of the fact that John had been hurt. “You boys just take care of yourself, and each other. I’ll have Baker Street for you when you come home.”
“What were you doing in Cambodia?”
When Mrs Hudson came up with tea, she found them curled up together, wrapped in a hand-knit Afghan blanket, listening to a recording of some of Sherlock’s music. All she did was smile and set their cups on the coffee table where they could reach them but said nothing. It was very clear that she was excited they were home but knew to keep it to herself. It was quiet in the flat, no one spoke, but when Mrs Hudson collected their empty cups, she leant over and patted him on the cheek.
“Ah. So you’ve got family then.” Hope smiled a bit.
“Nah, you were no trouble at all compared to some of the others. And definitely not compared to Sherlock Holmes.”
“We haven’t made a dent in this case in almost a month. It’s
“How long was I out?”
“What do you do?”
“Didn’t feel like it.” Robert Kittern smiled sheepishly, “What are you doing out here, Sunny?”
“Why?”
“If you insist, but that wasn’t what I had in mind.” The clever detective picked up her gear and hung her coat and fleece, setting her boots and vest against the wall by the door.
you.” John rolled his eyes and rifled through the closet for something decent to wear. Even if they never left the house, he would feel much better wearing normal clothes. The question remained would any of his old clothes
“Are you always this eloquent?”
“Yeah, where are we going?” It wasn’t the only question going through John’s head, but it was certainly one of the more important ones.
“Mmhm.” Magnus smiled, “She’s not gonna be your first, though, is she?” He had noticed the faded band of pale skin on Greg’s left ring-finger.
“Well, if you do, I’ll be there getting you out of it again, I guess.”
She was a bit surprised how many sorcerers lived in London, of different levels. The night she ran a power-mad sorcerer to ground in Whitechapel was the first time she had to use any of her own magic. He had wiped out a whole squad of police officers and taken to the streets. No one had been seriously hurt, but they were definitely going to feel it in the morning.
“Thank you.” Gareth Mallory took the offered file and set it on his desk. “Good luck in the outside.”
fired his weapon at her but the shot had gone wide and missed by a safe margin. The injury had been classified as a Grade II Strain and she had been on crutches for a week, prescribed triamcinolone once a week as needed and paracetamol as a buffer.
“Sorry – you stopped her husband being executed?” It wasn’t that John was confused by the idea, he just wanted to make sure he didn’t get it wrong.
“Those are for you, dear. Just sign them and get them back to me when you have the time.”
.” Sherlock pointed out, “You saved his life, he saved yours, you don’t owe him anything more.”
“My parents have always been kind to others.” Sherlock smiled.
The after-theatre crowd had disappeared for the most part, which was fine considering the place was lit up in washes of white and blue because of the police vehicles. A different crowd had gathered, held behind barriers to keep them out until the scene was shut down. As soon as John and Sherlock appeared, the driver hopped out and held the door of the car for them.
.” Greg muttered, “You’ve only been back on the rosters for a few weeks.”
“What’d you use to contain them?”
“Hell if I know! I guess that’s what I get for being nice!”
like Sherlock John’s friend Stephen really looked. He acted like him, looked like him, and sounded like his expatriate American cousin or long-lost brother. There
loner and he hasn’t gone away.”
“Hmm. Prepared for all eventualities, are we?”
“And you, sir?” The server turned to John next.
sleep last night?” He asked as they waited at a signal.
“Another word out of
“Off to greater things, are you?”
“When he’s not giving you a choice of refusing him because he knows you will otherwise? Yes. Always.”
“He looks like an honest fellow.” Hope looked over her shoulder at Greg. “And the other one, too.”
“Just-just so you’re aware, the gun is his idea.” Good, John.
The next morning, they had no solid leads but they had made a bit of progress. Mycroft came over to move them to a safe-house in Suffolk, in Shimpling, Bury St. Edmonds, and they continued to work from there.
“He’s a Hybrid.”
“I’m a Hybrid, Mrs Hudson, I’ve got Cù-Sìth in me. We’re a big breed by default.”
As the pair crossed the LZ, Judith straightened and offered the pair an appropriate salute.
“Yes, sir.”
“Oh. See? That wasn’t too bad.” Almost too easy, but she wasn’t complaining.
rachamaid sios, thugnamaid sios;
“Come on, mate, we’re closed up for the night, you can’t sleep in here.”
“A bit.”
At noon, she pulled off for a break around Regent’s Park and they sat at the top of Baker Street. She could
“You sound surprised by that.”
“D’you think I’m bitter?”
Down in the river to pray
“I think deceitful is the word you’re looking for, John.”
“Sherlock?”
Judith gets a huge break in the case of the serial suicides and comes face to face with the killer. Again. She wasn't expecting that, and neither was he. This will be very interesting. She has to keep her loved ones safe, if she can, and stop the killer before he strikes again. And strikes close to home.
think this is the only choice you have, Sherlock.” He said softly, bending to kiss the scar. “Never.”
“Yes.”
“Oh, no you don’t!” A voice growled as John was put in handcuffs. Of
“I take it you’re not all that fond of him, either?”
“She deserves so much better than me.”
gentle at all.
The morning was quiet with a few general stops but nothing major. Her radio to Dispatch was quiet for CID calls, and she checked in with Greg a few times. Everything was pretty quiet up there anyway, so she was good to stay on the streets. He’d let her know if he needed her for something.
“What do people normally say?”
“I. Can. Walk.”
“You could say that.” Hope grimaced, “Smart,
“And then?”
“Not in a few years, you git.” He sighed and looked at Sherlock, “How did you find out about this?”
“No. He’s a friend of mine, and I will thank you to refrain from further insulting either of us.” He reached back and took John’s hand in his, “Come on, John.”
“He’s smart.”
“Who’s your assistant, Lestrade?” Sherlock asked neutrally as they worked.
“That’s the idea, Greg.”
If those weren’t tears in John Watson’s eyes, Sherlock was truly an idiot. He hadn’t let go of John’s hand after getting him off the damp pavement, and Sherlock tightened his grip, thinking of the last time he’d been able to hold John’s hand at all. Ignoring the crowds on the street behind them, Sherlock stepped into John’s space and leant in close.
“I could have lost you.” Sherlock murmured, fingers tracing the lines of John’s most prominent scar, and John let him. “And I never would have known better. This must have been ... the most excruciating thing to happen to you.”
“He wants to play with Sherlock. There may be casualties, I can’t promise no one will die, but I
“No, we’re not, and we don’t care. Why should it matter? We’re family regardless, right?”
Her brother sounded out of breath,
“We won’t be keeping all of them, or any of them, I don’t think. If I don’t keep the mother, Sherlock will take her in.” She smiled and looked into the box full of sleeping cats, “One bit of good I did for today.”
“Yes, sir?”
Mycroft peeled off to go hunt down her commanders, but Sherlock followed her like a loyal dog. Several men they passed on their way between the helipad and the med facility recognised Sherlock from other visits and were happy to greet him.
wrong why don’t you?” The dark-haired man chuckled, not at all upset by Judith’s uncharacteristic and unexpected outburst.
“I’ll send ‘em off again. No sense bothering you boys on a night like this. Can’t be any good reason for it, either.” She chuckled and wandered off again, muttering to herself about the sorry state of things and how the two of them could use a week of hot showers and a month’s worth of food.
“…my hostage.” He said gruffly, taking control again. John gasped. So did the others. Judith, Sally, and Greg shared a puzzled look.
“Leave it, John,” Greg warned, handing over a copy of the warrant in question.
“At least I found you.” He sniffled and put his arms around the sturdy, stocky doctor who had been his guiding light, his North Star, his moral compass. John Watson had been so many things at such different times for him.
“I don’t know him at all!” Judith sank against Moran’s chest, “What did I get myself into?”
did. Told Mike Stamford just this morning that I must be a difficult man to find a flatmate for.” That got a smile of sorts out of Sherlock, who accepted the offer of the lighter and John touched the flame to the end of the cigarette now between his shapely lips. “Then he comes back with an old friend, clearly just out from government service, and prior military service in Afghanistan. Wasn’t that difficult a leap.”
“Alright,
“Nope! But
“Hurry up, Jude!” John was already out of sight, leaving her to get her head on straight and follow him wherever he was going. She ran to catch up with him, finally tracking him down in a wide open room. The Ancient One was there, which didn’t actually surprise her that much.
her brother’s flat from where they sat, actually. Thinking on it, she moved down and parked out front of the flat. It wouldn’t bother the boys, they were used to her doing it. But her partner was a little confused.
somebody else and it’s right in front of you, why can’t you see it?”
“Your eyes aren’t even
“I don’t
“Oh, Christ. Sh…Sherlock…oh, god.” John grunted as a soft puff of warm air hit his not inadequate or entirely uninterested cock. “Please.”
“You were there through it all and you’ll be there for the rest. You know, those vows have a completely different meaning for the likes of you and Lestrade, don’t they?”
Mycroft wasn’t one for nicknames, Sherlock knew this had hit MI-6 hard hearing his brother use Judith’s nickname.
“Head for base. I’ll come along. Sally’s got Riley.”
“Oh, I can handle him, don’t worry about me!”
“None of your business, Moriarty.”
“John!” He yelled for his mate. A couple of Moriarty’s goons collected him from the bottom of the stairs and dragged him out of the house, fighting mad. The bodyguards and constables were helpless to do anything but stand by, held at bay by more goons. Then, behind Lestrade’s car, he spotted someone he knew. Donovan?
“Serrated blade, approximately six inches in length. Possibly a hunting-knife. Right-handed suspect, shorter than the victim, look at the angle and the tearing.” She could see the initial slash, and where the suspect had gone hog-wild, using a sawing motion almost. “This was anger of unprecedented levels. I’d hazard to say a crime of passion. What do we know about the victim?”
“I don’t have much reason to be happy, why would I smile?”
“Let’s get you back to Risby, then.”
Returning upstairs and collecting his tray from the dumbwaiter, he set down the wine and water on the table, laid out the glasses for each, and set down the bread and plates.
They got a few more calls before it was time to turn in, and she had
“Yeah. I guess I was.” She shook her head, “There’s just…something about you. I don’t know what it is. It’s bothering me. Like I shouldn’t be this close to you, that you’re trouble for me and everyone I love.”
“After you, Captain.” Sherlock just gave him a soft smile and held out one hand in invitation. John wasted no time tossing aside his towel and kneeling on the mattress of the massive King bed Sherlock had. Plenty of room to spare, that was nice. No danger of falling off the bed during sex or sleep. Sherlock sat up and they sat quietly, studying each other for a moment. John wasn’t ashamed of any of his scars, though he did have quite a few of them from his service with the Army and then with MI6. Sherlock had some scars of his own from who knew what, cases and experiments gone awry if he had to guess, childhood scrapes and scuffles, and a constellation of pinprick scars on his arms were evidence of an old, long-standing addiction. He couldn’t imagine what Sherlock must have been into, but it didn’t matter. That was the past, and the scars were all quite old. There were others, in disturbingly familiar places, and John pressed his thumb to a silvered slash, long since healed, on his wrist. It had been quite deep, almost too deep, and he wondered when it had ever been so unbearable for Sherlock that he was driven to these extremes.
“Psych out Sherlock and John?”
“I’m in complete control, Sherlock.”And he was, surprisingly, he was absolutely in complete control of himself. What kind of power did John Watson really have? Who was he? A Cù-Sìth Lycan, but…who? What was the secret of the Watson family? Sherlock hadn’t noticed before because he had been otherwise occupied with practical concerns like staying away from Moriarty, getting his coat back, and finding John, but the magic he felt coming off of John was…alarming.
reason, are being booted straight from a part-time
“I wanted to surprise you.”
“Not a bit sorry.” She smirked and pushed him back on the bed until he fell backwards, pinning him down by sitting on his hips, “Now, we are going to sleep, in the morning we’ll run our eight-mile loop, we’ll get breakfast somewhere after, and figure out what the hell we’re supposed to do with twelve cats. I’m off tomorrow, and so are you. I checked your schedule this morning. So, barring any new cases coming up, you’re free.”
“Oh my god.” He looked from Sherlock to Ford, “So, I know he’s William Sherlock Scott, what did you get stuck with, then?”
After breakfast, John did the wash-up and left Sherlock to his business with an experiment.
She wasn’t alone very long, she never was once they figured out where she’d gone from Kamar-Taj, and sighed as the air crackled behind her.
“I didn’t mean to do it, it just…kind of happened.” She rubbed her sleeve, “It’s pretty vital to my job to be aware of my surroundings and tiny insignificant details at all times. Any lapse could kill me. Didn’t mean for it to get useful for solving crimes, though.”
“We don’t need you.”
She was still compiling her daily reports when a tap on the window startled her. It was just Sherlock, who looked a bit better than he had earlier. She rolled her window down and smiled, “Hey, you.”
“Oh, Sherlock.”
“Why don’t you boys go back to Baker Street tonight?” Timothy folded his arms after putting an arm around John’s shoulders, “Wanda and I would be more than happy to keep Rosie for you as long as we need to, we haven’t seen her in absolute ages.”
“Can I be happy?”
“And the rest of you?”
*According to dictionary.com:
. He gave the phone to
“Taking a bath. I heard you moving around quite a bit, are you alright?”
“We keep getting distracted.”
“Be careful, Jude! Let us know when you get home!” Sherlock called as she went down the stairs, shrugging into her coat.
“Parked right behind me for about an hour. I need Q’s help.”
“Wallet’s in your back pocket, phone’s in your right, but what’s in your
“Moran loves Judith, she was one of his best, one of his favorites. No matter if the man responsible for hurting her is his own psychotic boss, no one gets away with putting the Watsons in danger like that.” Sherlock sipped from his own cup, “Your partner’s a rather dangerous woman, Inspector.” Greg snorted. Yeah, he knew that, thanks.
“Yes, sir, I am.”
“Good night.” She turned the paper over in her hand and set it down on top of the laptop. Once the door had closed, she toed off her shoes and set aside her uniform. She had been coming off-duty when she’d found the London Sanctum. After shedding her uniform and folding it aside for later, she brushed her teeth, let her hair out of the braided bun she wore on-duty, and fell asleep listening to the sounds of a foreign city. She didn’t know where Kamar-Taj was, and decided to find out in the morning.
knew about the situation. To say the team was startled would be tame. John and Sherlock returned from tracking down Moriarty while Judith was in the ambulance. Moran was with them, she was kind of surprised to see her former commanding officer. She also wondered how much trouble Jim was going to be in because of this. It wasn’t often Judith could make so many people look so worried.
“What happened to it?” Sherlock took the towel from him and touched the damp strands of hair, running his fingers through them.
“This way.” With a mischievous grin, Q led the way towards a mannequin standing on a frame, dressed in street clothes. “Our friend Buster will demonstrate.”
“Stephen Strange.”
someone at her bedside, even outside of regular visiting-hours. He was the most consistent visitor, John and Sherlock were also very regular, and he had seen Sebastian Moran twice.
“Mr Watson.” The Director greeted him formally.
“Oh, this is beautiful.” John’s voice was soft, almost awed as he held up Sherlock’s own pelt, “Giant Otter? My god, you must be...what, over seven feet long! What a thing you must be to see, Sherlock!”
! I was kind of expecting it, but you surprised me. Again.” He sniffled and turned his head, “Why do you stick around, Jude? You’ve got better prospects out there than a washed-up war-dog like me, better places to live than here.”
for a flat-mate, Mycroft? And where would I live? The only reason I live
“I do believe I’ve been forgiven.”
, Captain?”
! Rookie wizard can’t do the big spells by herself!” He spat, still fighting the restraints.
Greg wouldn’t stop staring at her like it was the first time he was really seeing her, and honestly, it might have been. He had spent all this time living with her and gotten comfortable with a routine that had been shaken when she disappeared for a week. When she had returned, resurfacing right in the middle of Central London, everyone in her small circle except John had been shocked to see her healthy and unharmed. Mycroft had even admitted that there had been a fear of kidnapping, which had turned out to be unfounded.
“Smart move.” He got dressed and made a face when the trousers fit. “Damn it, Mycroft.”
“Well, we found Doctor Hooper.” John murmured as they stood behind the double-doors separating them from the Chief Pathologist and her assistant.
Sherlock couldn’t be sorry if his voice crackled, if it was barely a whisper.
on me! It’s awful!” Sally made a face and hunched her shoulders.
of dogs, think it’s all of ‘em?”
thing I’m an ex-Army Medic.”
here, so there had better be a damn good reason for this.”
“Say that Sherlock ‘Olmes, great detective, is back from the dead.”
Nuair chaidh mi sios dhan an abhainn an dé,
I’m going?!” She looked over her shoulder at him, taking in the sight of him in a pair of grey swim-trunks and not much else. “Why, did you have a different idea?”
Polishing off the current bottle of beer in his hand, John made sure he had his keys and phone and went to kiss Rosie before he went off to get the ice.
“Grieving the loss of one of the most spectacular, talented women I’ve ever met, the woman closest to a mother to me and several other people. They wouldn’t let me near the Spectre and Nine-Eyes mess, which made sense in hindsight, but not at the time.” John shook his head, looking up at Sherlock from an angle as he dried his hair. “I spent three weeks shacked up in James’s flat while we kept each other from either swallowing our guns or taking off AWOL to hunt down the bastards and make them pay for what they’d done to us. When they let us loose, we were bound and determined to do our jobs so fucking well they couldn’t keep us out again. Q was a huge help.”
“Your state of exhaustion will heighten your sense of awareness. I apologize for the disorientation. Brace yourself.” The Ancient One gave only that warning before she struck Judith in the chest. What happened next could only be described as an out-of-body experience in the truest sense of the word.
“Good night, Sherlock.” He pulled the door closed but left it open a bit and climbed the stairs to a bedroom on the second floor. It was small but cosy and more than adequate for his needs. He usually slept on a Single, he had a Double here at Baker Street, and that was just fine with him. It was a very nice bed, and large enough for John’s needs. The bedding was brand new and freshly laundered, the mattress likewise new and quite soft. Getting ready for bed, he paid a quick visit to the water-closet at the end of the hall and took care of business before turning in for the night.
Good Lord, show me the way!
“Sure!”
“Sherlock’s up there.”
“Oi!” She hollered, “Kittern!” Hearing her, the tall one paused and looked over. Seeing her and recognizing her, his eyes brightened.
“Oh, fuck me.” Lestrade had seen the rings, “Are those what I think they are?”
“How can you
“Should we say something?”
“Isn’t that the whole point?”
“Smart stock, is what they’ve got.” Judith smiled, “And over there is my step-brother, John.” John Hughes was a short fellow, about Judith’s height and build, with nearly identical coloring, and a pleasant personality with just a shade of something darker underneath. He was a soldier, too, Greg could have called that even without the fatigues. Army Special Forces, judging by the division-patches, probably one of the nameless divisions that did dark-ops. Charming and deadly, not to be underestimated.
“You’ve got fifteen minutes to explain yourself, sir. I haven’t been addressed by military rank since I pulled retirement back in July of last year, except by my men. I see them once every two months.”
“You are
“Hmm?”
“Or maybe a Retriever?”
his father, and a really
“You have my letters?”
you, I’ll be shocked.”
“Lieutenant-Colonel Judith H. Watson, late of the Royal Northumberland Fusiliers and Special Forces.” She pocketed her credentials as Barrymore’s eyes widened in alarm and returned a hasty salute, “I don’t think I need permission from the likes of you to go where I like, Major Barrymore. Let alone a place like Baskerville Research Facility.” She looked around.
“Hmph.” Greg passed the water-bottle back, “Well, I tend to remember the people who put their lives on the line for my sake.”
“And for Lord's sakes, take a shower! Please!” She called up as they ran up the seventeen familiar stairs, “Both of you, my goodness! Pair of rightful hooligans!”
and I’ll sleep easier.” Richard’s eyes darkened, “Lord knows how I tried to steer her right, but she just didn’t have a care. And after what happened this morning, I don’t feel safe in my own house anymore.”
“When do you report to the Swearing Room?”
“You caught Jonathan Costas tonight.”
, Doctor Watson?” Greg just raised an eyebrow and she rolled hers as John closed the door once she was in.
good, we were right behind them leaving The Met.” Donovan wrinkled her nose. “But I think he’ll appreciate us not getting into a wreck on the way over just because you said something about Anderson.”
“Let me just find the … ” Hooper turned and hesitated when she saw John standing behind her, the log in hand.
“Ativan. Enough to knock down a bull.” She flexed her fingers, “I think I can help you, though.”
Studying about that good old way
That was the end of the message and John made a face.
breed of water-fey the tall gent was, but he knew the water would help.
“You two go get Moriarty.”
“I’ve never seen you before. You’ve only been here a week and three days that I’ve seen you.”
“More than I thought possible.” Strange gave him a sly look. “Magic doesn’t alarm you.”
round-about way.”
“But not out of one?”
Watson.” Moriarty flashed her that boyish grin, “Do be safe, won’t you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You have twenty minutes.” Roben snapped, dismissing them. Judith nodded and departed to fetch the keys to her Rover. She rounded up three constables and followed Greg and Sally over to Baker Street. Greg sent her a text to let her know that he had Sally and Anderson, and he’d called Baker Street to warn the boys.
“Looks like it.” Greg pointed to the body sitting just above the tide-line, “Go take a look, tell me what you think.”
“You’ve got a reliable routine, Constable.” He flashed her that cheeky grin of his. “Can I give you a ride?”
“Oh, you’ve got an audience now. Off you pop.” Those were either Moriarty’s people, or those were his people, getting into position and waiting for his signal.
By the time back-up arrived, Judith was sitting in Greg’s car, dozing off. The minute the ambulance arrived, Greg handed her over to the paramedics and gave a full account of what
“Sir.” The driver touched his cap and rejoined traffic.
“Afraid that’s not as effective these days as it used to be.” He shrugged. “But to answer your question, I
“Well, something would be nice. It’s considered polite to give someone your name when you meet them. You know mine, probably knew it before you ever set eyes on me, but you have me at a serious disadvantage.” She looked him over, “I’d say James Bond, but you’re a few years too young to be him, and I know him anyway, so no to that. Definitely MI6, though, marked that on you when I set eyes on you in the tent.”
“Only if you call me Judith. None of this Constable Watson or Colonel Watson, or any of that noise.”
day really so much to ask for?!” John muttered, “Can I go home now?”
for more than a week or two altogether. I want a proper hot shower, god damn it.”
“I just know how you are with … certain sorts of people.”
“Wanna see some more?” Now he was smiling, like he knew the greatest secret in the world and he couldn’t wait to tell her.
“So, what about you, then? Still in London, are you?”
.” Mycroft chuckled.
“I’m a soldier, Greg, unquestioned self-sacrifice is part of my job.” She murmured. “I’m glad no-one saw that.”
He must have fallen asleep, the sound of hollow knocking jolted him back to awareness sometime later. Startled, he pushed up on his elbows, having rolled onto his stomach, and looked around.
Over the months since she had come home to London and moved into his flat, they had maintained a fairly neutral relationship, never really getting beyond a few careful moments of passionate touching. She had started staking out his crime-scenes and providing extra presence whenever he called for back-up, run down a few suspects that got away from him and the boys when she had to.
“One of The Met’s.”
“No, I can send the car back for Gregory if he requires it. I suspect I’ll be retrieving him from the office at this rate, which is unfortunate.” Mycroft looked at him, “I am sorry about Sherlock, I should have warned you.”
, John. Don’t hate yourself.”
“By who? You can’t touch me!”
, Stephen!” Begging was unnecessary, Stephen was willing to help. He was very fond of the Watsons and those attached to them. And Judith had a very reasonable request. This wasn’t nearly turn-back on the scale they had seen in Hong Kong all those months ago, this was at the
“Not good?”
“Mhm.” Of course, he didn’t believe her, he knew damn well what she thought of inspections, “Well, never mind that, you’ve been behaving yourself this inspection, you won’t hear from me.”
now.”
“That’s what you get for working six cases all week and sleeping four hours between them!” John caught her by the arm as she staggered, “Christ, Judith!”
“How long did you say the fuse was?” John asked smugly as he took the pen and clicked it three times.
pocket?” Oh, she was smart alright. Not that Greg was surprised. He chuckled and let go of her long enough to fish the box out of his pocket.
The highlight of the evening was watching the belly-dancers who entertained the customers. Judith recalled from past visits that occasionally, the dancers would pull people out of the crowds to perform with them, and had always enjoyed watching a few caught off guard as they floundered and did their damn best to follow the motions of the far more skilled dancers. Judith leant back against the wall, taking a sly sip of her beer. If she was a bit braver, she would raise a hand for a go on that stage. She had taken lessons from a couple of local girls at a pleasure-house back in Afghanistan, all done in secret, but for someone with body dysphoria, it was something that had made her feel legitimately beautiful.
“We’re good.” Judith watched as Sherlock circled the flat like a wolf circling its den, “I think Richard Brook is exactly who he says he is, and Jim Moriarty’s a fucking madman to put someone at risk like that.”
“Leave it my sister to find out.” John shook his head and got him situated. Sherlock zoned out, listening to John’s voice, and was aware of a sharp prick in his arm. Something to put him to sleep, probably. Or a remedy for whatever Hope had given him before. He didn’t mind, really. He trusted John, he trusted Judith. He was home, he was safe, and the killings would stop now that they had Jefferson Hope in custody.
“Good night, 008.”
“Yeah, I’ll say you’ve been forgiven. Good thing you’re not allergic, or we’d have a problem.”
like new, and she’s all yours.” Q tossed him a key-fob, that grin firmly in place. He wasted no time joining the Quartermaster when Q waved him over. He knew bloody well the car had undergone a complete overhaul and rebuild from wheelbase up in the very recent past.
“Well, we wait a month or two, you make a grand, splashy return from the dead, having never
“Why not?”
“What’s that?”
“I’ll say!” John chuckled. “The kittens?”
“Stopped for it on the way in. Hospitals and police-stations always have the worst coffee.” Sherlock sighed. “She’ll come back, yeah?”
stupid. Or that desperate.” She shrugged, turning her back on Anderson, “Besides, I have bigger concerns than Anderson’s petty insults.” Like getting hold of the area CCTV cameras to look through footage for the cabbie to put him through facial-recognition.
“Sherlock?”
“Got our man?”
time off.”
“Oh, Lord! It’s you! I didn’t even think of it! You look so
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. I’m ... so, so sorry.”
“Hmm. So, you can only imagine how thrilled I was when the Army gave me a way out of that house when I was sixteen.” She sniffed dismissively, wondering that she was talking about this with a complete stranger, and that without getting emotional about it.
“No?”
to give Greg a heart-attack?”
“Isn’t that what he
“Jesus, is it really midnight?”
“Good.” He nodded and kept moving. Well, maybe Mary
“Hmm?” He cracked an eye open at the sound of his name and realized they had stopped and Mycroft was standing outside the car. “Jesus, did I fall asleep?”
“Did she
“Ah, is this for me, then?”
“Yes. I called a car for back-up with a Code 2. I’m not sure he’s figured it out yet, and I don’t want him to think the police are on to him. I left Constable Mitchell sitting on the house to wait for us to get back."
old beyond use, and if I ever hear you say that again, I will be quite cross with you.”
“Uh, nowhere, actually. Can’t find a hostel to save my life.” She shrugged, “What about you?”
be afraid of her, he wouldn’t treat her as a threat. She kept his house safe from the physical and the metaphysical, he wasn’t going to alienate her without damn good reason.
“Oh, god, that’s almost worse!” John chuckled in spite of his grief, “Let me guess. Sherrinford Holmes?”
“Well, it’s not every day he has to put up with the missing Aetherborn Prince of the Summer Court, is it?” John muttered, heading up the stairs slowly. Mrs Hudson gasped, one hand to her heart, the fingertips of the other to her lips.
“Just an observation.” Judith tried not to smile, “Trust me, you would not be the first person or the last to call him a freak. No one really gets along with him, I guess John and I are special like that.”
“Well, I did promise you dinner, didn’t I?”
“Like hell you are,” Greg muttered, looking down at the group of personnel gathered on the beachhead below. Most of the activity seemed to be focused down there. The tide was out, so there was plenty of room to work without getting anywhere near the water, but even John knew that this kind of work would almost guarantee wet shoes, damp socks, and stained trouser-cuffs. And the Tyvek PPE suits worn by the Forensic Specialists would be precious little protection.
“Good evening, Mr Moriarty! It’s a pleasure to have you tonight! Can I get you something to start while you go over the menu, sir?” He might not like the prick, but he could be nice.
“Well, to be completely honest with you, I was making sure
“When I was much younger.”
“I did close it when I came out.” Sherlock looked over his shoulder and John checked for himself. Sure enough, the door was closed. He smiled and stepped as close to Sherlock as he could physically get.
“Maybe.” Mike’s expression twisted a bit, but his eyes were still quite bright. “Oh, and what about housing? Have you thought about that at all?”
“Well, I’m no detective, and I’m better at killing people than I am at telling you what actually killed them, but I know a few things.” John looked out the window.
“Yes, sir. Good night.”
“Well, I don’t think theirs are anything spectacular, but it’ll do the trick alright.” He smiled, “Let’s get home and eat.”
“Mm, not likely. Closed room murder. No forced entry, no sign of a struggle.”
“I’m sorry to bother you.”
“Trust Mycroft Holmes to have eyes everywhere. What did Hakim say?”
“And if they do…”
“No.” Christ, he sounded so weak.
leave!” Her eyes were bright as he handed her the box. “What’s this?”
“Mmhmm. Right here.” He tapped the right side of his skull, right behind the ear, “Every day, I live on a clock I have no control over.”
“Processing incoming bodies, assisting on autopsies, making proper arrangements post-procedure and such, helping keep her workload from getting too mad.”
“Doesn’t mean it can’t be now.” He took Sherlock’s hand, “We’ll look for dogs tomorrow.”
you scared more than a couple of soldiers into shape with it.” Stamford’s grin was mischievous. “Always called it The Watson Look, knew we’d done real wrong if you turned it on one of us.”
“Can I get a
“Miss Riley, open the door or we’ll break it down!” Sally shouted. The door was flung open by Kitty Riley, who took one look at them and brightened.
Greg rolled his eyes and looked up to the corner of the office where he knew at least one camera was set up. There were at least two other cameras in this office, he just hadn’t bothered to find them all.
“You must be terribly angry with me.”
“Fascinating.”
“No, he won’t. He can’t now. If he asks, simply explain that you met me. He will not question further. And if he does, you know what to tell him?”
“Just past two, she’s on her lunch break.” Stephen smiled and they watched Christine come into view in the atrium. She wore a heavy coat and snow-boots over her scrubs, bundled up against the weather as best she could be. Judith sat on the railing, feet dangling over the landing.
one all at once. But they didn’t get much in the way of answers once Frankland took off again and ran straight into the base’s minefield.
“You think she’ll do it again?”
“Looks like you owe someone an apology, John.”
“I…love it. I nearly didn’t recognize you.”
“It’s not
“Hmm?” John looked up.
“What?” He swung the Belstaff around his shoulders, unable to help a happy, content sigh as it settled into place.
“My shoes. I left everything here when I left Baker Street.”
“Please.” He put his empty cup down and took John’s, turning to the kind Hybrid once his hands were empty. “Stay.”
“Well, you kind of
“So, you saved a family of homeless cats and solved a string of homicides. That’s what I call a successful night.” John mused, holding one of Queenie’s kittens, “Speaking of cats, what are you going to do with this bunch?”
“Oh, it’s Judith Watson! Well, that’s a sight for these sore old eyes!” The kind man was in tears, he knew, even as he threw his arms around Judith and hugged her so tight something in her spine popped.
“No, but perhaps you should be grateful.” John’s eyes narrowed, and anyone who knew him would know that it was not a good sign. “And I’m not your brother’s lackey, I’m his
“Well, for one thing, I recognized you the minute I set eyes on you on the street down there. Thought I was imagining it, but we’ve been
“God help any criminal stupid enough to take
. Well and truly and devastatingly dead.
“Sherlock is a complete moron! Can I take a shot at Moriarty?” Her brother snarled as they returned to her car and made a ten-minute trip
“I’m not the one who has to worry about land-mines, am I?”
Nearby, Sherlock had been leaned against the side of a police car, facing it. John was slammed up against the car next to him and to his left. Sherlock looked across to him with an amused expression on his face.
“A little.” Greg turned his head and noticed that they had stopped outside of a little cafe called Cafe de Fred, which he recalled as having rather excellent breakfast sandwhiches. He raised an eyebrow and turned to Judith, who was looking up at the sign like it was the gates of Heaven. Neither of them were fit to eat in, but this place did take-away and the line inside was kind of short. Greg looked at Judith and smiled, “Hungry?”
“I don’t think that’s what he wanted, or what his boss wanted, whoever he works for.”
“Probably not, and I don’t think it would make any difference if he did,” John said quietly, hands behind his back. “I promise you, she really is dead.”
“Thanks, Inspector. I’m sorry about this.”
“Mmm. Man of priorities. I like that.” John’s nose wrinkled in that slightly frightening way Judith’s did when she was planning a bit troublesome. Twins indeed! God help him and all the unsuspecting people of London! He said goodbye to the engimatic twins, wondering if John would be any help on crime-scenes. If he would be
“Of course you have.” Judith sighed, “Thanks, Mycroft. Sorry for snapping at you.”
“D’you want a ride back to the scene, sir?”
“Charmed, for sure, Captain.” The red-head smiled, a familiar tight smile she was used to giving people she didn’t necessarily like, “We’re very sorry to cause any disruptions.”
“Uh, Stamford’s cousin is a photographer and took me along to a fashion-show where some of the pieces out of House of DeVil were being shown. She was…not right in the head. There was something off about her, she was very rude to just about everyone there.”
“Oh, John. You couldn’t have changed her for all the world. It was folly to try.”
“Try Big Brother showing up out of nowhere on a military base in Southern Afghanistan with a chip on his shoulder that makes the Titanic’s iceberg look tiny and a dislike for the working-class masses risking our fucking necks twenty-four-seven to keep the likes of his ungrateful poncy arse safe.”
bad side,” Brook whispered hoarsely. A call came in from Headquarters asking for an update on the situation, she informed them that everything was in order and no arrests had been necessary. She ended the radio-call before Riley’s indignant outburst reached them on the other end. Judith silenced the reporter with a glare that had withered stronger people than she.
Please read, enjoy, and drop me a line at the bottom there, folks!
doubt it, he might have a good reason for being here.”
thugnamaid sios, nach tig sibh sios?....
“Keep your eyes open, people! If those dogs are out here, we’ll see ‘em!”
“Female, mid-twenties. But the facial features are a bit ... strong.” John narrowed his eyes and did a manual inspection, carefully running his hands along the victim’s body, paying particular attention to the groin.
“You’re thirty-two years old, Dio, you’ll be thirty-three next June. You’ve been in service to the Army for fifteen years, sixteen on your next birthday, that’s nothing to sniff at.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes, spitting out an old nickname, “You’ve shown exemplary bravery and loyalty time and again. I carried those letters from Spencer House myself.”
“What just happened to me?”
“Alright. Be happy now, yeah? Make
Judith had abandoned Dartmoor for Nepal, and that without a second thought for the matter. Sherlock was being difficult, unwilling to admit that he had been scared. He
A soft tap on the glass got their attention and John looked up enough to see someone standing outside the car. Two someones, actually, two very
“Because I don’t want to spoil it.”
“Oh.” That seemed to surprise Sherlock and he just watched as John collected his coat and made sure he had everything he needed. Coat? Check. Keys? Check. Phone? Check. And, gun? Check.
“Why is it a problem, sir? I completed the required two-hundred hours of operational service and got my Independent Patrol Status last month. It’s not like I’ve skipped any steps.” That would be true if Mycroft and M had bumped her from Special Constable to, say, Detective Constable, but it didn’t look like they’d done that. At least, she didn’t
He gave a rueful chuckle,
“Likewise.” John smiled and they shook hands on another case solved. The chief constable came to them as the van pulled away.
“Yes, you can look now.” Q sounded excited and John carefully opened his eyes.
“Beating the subjects!” Again, not the strangest thing he’d heard of. “With
, love. Sleep in peace tonight.” She murmured, kissing the soft skin behind his ear. He moaned in his sleep, rolled over, and pulled her into a stifling hug that relaxed a bit as she rubbed the back of his neck and sang to him. She sang Sios dhan an Abhainn until they both fell asleep, at roughly the same time.
“No, ma’am! But, I’ve got two fugitives in my living room and they’re threatening my house-mate!”
“I didn’t have this planned when I got here, and that’s just the rub of it.” He rubbed his forehead, “I’m a complete fool.”
“Oh, god.” He leaned against the door and put his head down. “Sherlock!”
“I’m not your housekeeper, young man!” She scolded as Sherlock headed upstairs, John right behind him.
“Oh, god. Mike!”
“Jesus! What was
“Well, you’re the second person to say that to me today.”
“Mm.”
sorry.”
“I was thinking about that case last month.” She sighed. As she’d expected him to, Greg stiffened and she felt his grip tighten.
“It’s easier to find Doctor Hooper, and wherever she is, I guarantee you Holmes isn’t far away.” Mike looked at him, but John knew he wore a neutral expression. Not uninterested but not annoyed either. Just … neutral. He was good at that.
“You almost
“Did it for us, Mrs Hudson. Every awful thing was for us.” John sighed and got to his feet, a slow process, reaching out one hand to Sherlock. “Come on, you, we are not sleeping out here.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” Sherlock schooled a passably straight face and looked up into those intriguing eyes, now familiar to him.
“It is no trouble. Go!” Wanda kissed him on the cheek. “Go. Home. John Watson.”
in, Doctor Watson, but I suppose you have better things to do with your time than stare at dead bodies all day.”
“Oh, this is going to feel
“I thought you didn’t
“Just look at me for a minute.” He waited for the petulant young detective to turn around and look at him, which he did eventually. John was ready when he finally turned his head and cut off his objection with a well-timed kiss.
you have better things to do than babysit and bail out a retired Double-Oh on a Tuesday night.”
“Playing gay.” He switched back to his Irish accent. “Did you like the little touch with the underwear?”
“One word for it.” Sherlock groaned and heaved himself upright, or tried to. “Hudders.”
“No. Not a wounded-incoming, either.” She looked around, “Patrol-call.”
“Because I married the woman who tried to kill you twice. Tried twice, failed twice, and so help me she’s not getting another chance.” He hugged Sherlock tightly, revelling in the sound of his breathing, the living heartbeat, and closed his eyes.
“Oh, Kitty, you silly thing. Did you sit on the grey chair?” John chuckled and rubbed Kitty between the ears. “You don’t be like that with Sherlock, he’s our friend. He’s a good one, okay?” That got him a baleful glare, but her foul temper didn’t last very long as he found her favourite places to scratch.
“You owe me a few hours of sleep, mate.” Greg grumbled, nicely tanned from his vacation, “It’s only because your sister’s got a scary side to her that I didn’t complain about it too much. Is she like that often?”
, what was his number? And since it was obvious John had seen past the ruse to fake his death
Going back to the young constable, she pushed him back against the wall and forced him to sit down on the carpet.
“That’s news to you?” He grinned and dropped a kiss to the scruffy cheek before he hopped off the bed, “Who’s the bad influence, Sherlock?”
“I think ... you are the ... amazing one.” Sherlock turned his head and studied him, “I’ve never ... experienced something quite like that before. It was ... ”
“If I didn’t know any better, Mycroft, I’d think you were trying to set me up on a date with a stranger.”
“You know, the one you gave the rest of us when we were being morons? I
dh'ùrnaigh san abhainn le cheil'.
“When do we leave?”
“Next time I think it’s a good idea to go Hulk-smash on a bunch of goons, don’t let me.” John lifted his head and groaned, “Ugh. I feel terrible.”
It didn’t take long for the place to be swarming with pups of all sizes and ages. John rounded up the Radcliffe dogs and got them settled safely, doing a headcount. Two adults and…fourteen pups. They were missing one. They called in a hundred dogs before the missing pup arrived last, making it a hundred and
“Dunno. You can find out, though.” Greg grinned, “You’re always rather good at that, yeah?”
” His voice was soothing in her ear and she closed her eyes, taking and releasing a deep breath,
“Stop what?”
, apparently!”
Greg led the way out of the waiting-room, and waited until the doors had closed before he put his question to words.
“Yo!”
, Jude.” Donovan said quietly, blowing steam off the rim of her cup, “You shouldn’t be expected to remember that far back.” A few of the family left after a bit, going to the hospital to make sure Timothy didn’t try to skip town before the police got him into custody, and to The Met to talk to the police and offer whatever help they could.
“I’ll show you the way then, shall I? Last thing I need is Mr Moriarty down my throat because you lost your way and went in the wrong door.” Wondering if he was going mad, John led the tall, quiet fey downstairs and directed him to the gents. In the time the man was in the gents, John had seen to another table and was pocketing the tip-money after running the bill when he was aware of the man’s approach.
“For once.” John rolled his eyes, “Why don’t you just apply for a position as a new police constable and be done with it all?”
.” He growled, pulling John close until they were practically nose-to-nose. He was far more drunk than John, and he gagged a bit at the stench of beer and stale sweat, struggling.
civilian life, but he was ready to leave his Army service behind.
“Thank you, Bryan.” Mycroft dismissed their server and it was quiet between them. But John didn’t feel like talking just at the moment and he knew Mycroft wouldn’t push. What had started out as a rather depressing evening had turned out pretty alright. He could have done without being arrested, but that was all his fault for getting into a brawl in the first place. Although to be fair, he hadn’t done anything except bump into someone else on accident because another patron hadn’t been paying attention.
“Really?” Sherlock looked surprised that they weren’t being dragged back to The Met right away.
quickly to John and Sherlock now that she knew who they really were. Sherlock asked permission to inspect the kitchen, and Mrs Michaels told him to help himself. John stayed in the sitting-room and kept the dogs company. Well, Pongo at any rate. The bitch, a handsome Dal named Perdita, followed Sherlock around. He caught his partner talking to her in French as he searched for clues.
“Oh my god, John!” Greg looked at him, eyes wide, “What are you going to do?”
“Whoever drives
“Hi.” Sherlock just smiled and held him in place. “So … Mary in the morning and maybe we’ll go looking for dogs in the afternoon?”
“Met Police, open up!” Judith knocked on the door with her torch. There was a commotion inside, she looked at Sally, who nodded.
“I heard Sherlock yell down a moment ago when you pulled up.”
“It’s
Let's go down, come on down
“John!” He choked, reaching for his mate. He caught John’s hand and held on, “Don’t…don’t let him take me!”
“I am AWARE” the doctor snapped right back. “But” John closed his eyes. Inhaled. Exhaled. His hands were trembling. “I thought this” – he mentioned between them – “would be enough to punch some sense in you”
John Watson, bless his heart, snorted a short laugh. It was the kind of laugh that Sherlock knew so well, the kind of laugh which was so breathtakingly intimate; it only took this little laugh to crash down everything around him.
Sherlock had been teetering on the edge of a frankly spectacular orgasm for the last ten minutes. It had never felt like this when he had done this by himself- it was an intense tingling, lingering in his spine, and limps, and chest, combined with sparks of warmth every now and then, pulling right at his abdomen. He felt like he should probably be embarrassed about the needy noises he was making, yet it was a strain enough to keep himself from coming in his pants.
He touched the still slightly warm surface of the covers (time of departure: approximately 1 hour ago) and felt something akin to sadness tuck at his chest. Interesting, but useless. Probably a byproduct from yesterday’s outbreak. Upon pondering upon the incident, he was unusually disappointed with himself. He should have known right from the start, but the strong influence of sentiment on the human brain somehow managed to slip his notice. He chose to ignore the unsettling air around the case, and as a result wasn't very much like himself the moment they entered the crime scene. Almost as if he failed to think properly. He had thought himself superior and he had been proven wrong. Sherlock Holmes had never been wrong before. He had made some miscalculations in his life, certainly (like, for instance, the time he got himself and John stranded with an empty petrol tank in the middle of the woods of Ireland), but never had he been so utterly
Okay, maybe that wasn’t that witty. Or hilarious. But it did the trick of overplaying Sherlock’s increased heartrate. John always saw, he didn’t observe. Surely, he wouldn’t observe this time, as well.
“They were out of eclairs” the doctor deadpanned with a straight face.
As always, kudos, comments and bookmarks make my day <3 Thank you guys so much for reading and giving me feedback, I'm so glad you like the story <3
When John drops off a final kiss against Rosie’s temple, Sherlock looks up from his book to watch his two Watsons. Their eyes meet for the briefest of moments.
It was late, Sherlock now realized, late enough that it would be time to go to bed soon, and he as a grown-up man and the world’s only consulting detective shouldn’t be looking forward to something as dull as sleeping. But he was, because sleeping always involved John in his bed. They didn’t cuddle all week. The thought that had seemed reassuring in the cab now suddenly made him feel upset and longing, like he had been missing it. Of course, he hadn’t. He was Sherlock Holmes. He hated human touch.
The future had never looked more exciting.
When he knocks lightly at Sherlock’s door and finds both him and Rosie engaged in animated “conversation” about the pop-up animal book his daughter (and Sherlock) adore beyond imagination, he has to grin.
his shame, pressed his lips tightly together and turned, so Sherlock could see his face. An open invitation for deduction, which he normally dreaded. Sherlock thus had started to read him as less as possible. But now, the keenness of those sharp eyes and the conclusions of this ever-working mind felt far less exposing then to answer those questions.
But Sherlock was… complicated like that. It would do nothing good to punish him for his shite behavior. John was pretty sure, Sherlock would punish himself enough with a bad consciousness when he woke up from his intoxicated state. He took pride in the fact that he was the only person who could evoke a bad consciousness in Sherlock Holmes. Now, though, he wasn’t so sure if that really should be something you’re taking pride in.
The easiest thing would be to just tell him. That would also mean, however, to put everything in the open, and that was… terrifying to put it mildly. Because sure, they had been beating around the bush for the past half hour, sort of arriving at the conclusion that they both wanted this relationship but were quite uncertain of actually allowing this desire to have drastic consequences. Technically, given what they had already done with each other, they should have already passed this stage- but somehow they managed to skip the negotiation completely. Because fuck it, nothing about them could ever be easy, now couldn’t it? To admit… just how much his best friend meant to him made it real. And real meant out in the open. Which meant terribly vulnerable. John wasn’t so sure he was ready for that.
I am ready to go
“Well, thanks a lot for enlightening me about it.”
kind of messy.
Mycroft drew a shaky hand through his auburn hair. “I’m sorry” the heartfelt exclamation was so unexpected in phrasing and intonation, that Sherlock forgot to play his usual self for a moment. Instead, he sat upright, slightly gaping at his brother.
John closed his eyes, trying to calm down his suddenly racing pulse. He knew he should been angry at Greg for mingling. But… he couldn’t bring himself to be. Instead, he felt a lead lift up his chest, as his only, but most well-kept secret had been unravelled. He had been too much of a coward to address the issue himself, but now that it was out in the open… There was a small silence, awkwardly stretching between them.
They'll work it out in the next chapter, I promise!
- his name. It was like being kicked in the stomach. Forceful, breathtaking,
Somehow, Greg’s throat suddenly felt very dry and he felt the desire to punch every person on the planet who ever dared to call this man a ‘machine’ or ‘heartless’.
. Something small, yet significant seemed to be missing. Before the fall, silence was easy and comfortable, now it was tense; they used to share causal touches in the enclosed space of their home, now John kept his distance; there used to be a glimmer of warm trust in John’s gaze whenever he looked at Sherlock, now there was always a small glimpse of doubt. Sherlock didn’t anticipate that he’d miss it. But he did.
And then he stands and trots to the bathroom, giddy and slightly nauseous in the prospect of new possibilities.
“My god, the great Sherlock Holmes, it’s such a pleasure Mister detective Sir- may I-“
him like that. But this. This was different. The past times, John always had had some resemblance of control over himself. This John, however, had no control. This John was like a frightened animal, defending itself. Unwillingly, Sherlock remembered that John was more than capable of killing a man with his bare hands. The utter fear and guilt in the doctor’s gaze told him he remembered it, too. Not that he was afraid of his best friend, not by far. But John was a dangerous man. And Sherlock had made the mistake of underestimating him.
He had never thought about that before.
John was home.
looks at
'Not to mention the drug incidents from time to time', John's mind offered quite unhelpful. The doctor closed his eyes for the split of a second and exhaled, trying to calm his bare nerves. It had been almost a miracle that Sherlock didn't start using again after the scarring night. 'Or he has just gotten better at hiding'.
” Sherlock interrupted him, while giving John a downright evil grin. “Just a friend”
He remembers his manners.
the outdoors. Spending time in the woods with his favourite people was about the best thing he could imagine doing with his free weekend.
Of course, Lestrade decided that very moment to be attentive. He fixated John with an unidentifiable gaze and the doctor tried his very best to act indifferent about it. “Tough day?”
(See the end of the chapter for
But now, decades later, he is a widower single-parenting a baby with his best friend.
, that’s so much more than enough”
“Stop, I’m fairly disgusting right now” he laughed lightly, but Sherlock just smiled and hugged him even tighter for emphasis.
time that day for being such a bloody nuisance. Sherlock wasn't using again ('right?'). Sherlock would tell him ('right?'). Sherlock trusted him ('right?'). Sherlock had called him family (one more comment, and you're out, I mean it).
"No" John answered coolly, unnerved by the personal assault on this clearly not personal matter. "Then you don't know how it this feels. How would you feel if someone who you love is described as abnormal?!" John stared at the thin line of the man's lips and really wished he had drank that second cup of tea that morning.
John sucked in a sharp breath upon hearing that familiar tone that filled him with calm instantly. He felt the warmth of Sherlock inching closer to him, felt the detective’s kneecaps -he was now kneeling in front of him, dirtying his posh trousers with grass stains- bump against his shoes. He shouldn’t need this. But right now, he didn’t
“Is there still a free spot in your crew, captain?” He was addressing Rosie but didn’t miss the twinkle in his little brother’s eyes, the twinkle that used to be there whenever a very busy Mycroft agreed to play with him, all these years ago. It were some of the most treasured memories they both shared. The thought of getting to relive them now, share them with Rosie, whom they loved desperately, was enough for Mycroft to forget that he was supposed to be the British government, when he toed off his shoes, rolled up his trouser legs and stepped into the cold water (with a small, dignified squeak).
“Karamo had the idea to invite some of the guys to Rosie’s party. Maybe she could make some friends, can you imagine that? I bet she’d love some friends!”
“Then why did you invite him over?”
Maybe he’s moving this along too fast.
. Touching
But Mycroft had proven himself to be a good man. Probably a better man than most of the self-declared saviors and saints John had met during his years as army captain and doctor. Just like Sherlock, the elder Holmes cared differently, but he cared, and if only for his little brother. John chewed his lower lip deep in thought as he remembered the scarring day at the asylum. Mycroft had been ready to die for him. No, not for him, but
And for the moment, that’s more than enough.
“I know for a fact that that’s not true.” Greg turned his head a little. “C’mon, love, give us a peck.”
“Where are we?”
“What on earth are you boys up to?”
The chaos of the previous forty-eight hours comes to a head. Richard Brook is located and taken into protective custody, Kitty Riley is arrested on a short list of charges. Sherlock Holmes comes face-to-face with Jim Moriarty. There is only one way this can end. He only regrets that he wasn't able to say goodbye properly to his loved ones.
“Already have.” Sherlock waved his phone at him. John just nodded and they waited for the police to arrive once they had Lachey immobilized.
“What tripped your radar?”
an idiot, wouldn’t have gotten this far in my job if I didn’t know what’s what.”
“Get after him, Lestrade!”
“Okay.”
“Well?”
. He just had to play the next move very carefully.
“Ugh.”
“Sherlock! Sherlock!” The clever, manipulative púca burst into view at the top of the stairs, came to a dead halt at the sight of Lestrade and Alexandra, “Oh, thank goodness! I saw the cars and thought you were being arrested for something! Are you alright?” Before any of them could stop him, Moriarty had closed the distance between himself and Sherlock and seized him by the hands. Sherlock was aware of how his mate bristled when Moriarty laid hand on him.
convenient. Walk to the station, get the keys, get her roster, hit the streets. Her brother had moved into a flat on Baker Street with Sherlock Holmes about two months ago, and they got along rather well. John had taken a job with Sherlock as his partner/assistant, proving
She cleared her throat and looked at Moran, who shrugged,
“Oh, wait! You’re Judith Watson!” He smiled, “Oh, I’m sorry I didn’t recognize you before! I should have known, you’re the sweet one!” No one who knew more about Judith than her name called her sweet. She could be downright brutal. But the sentiment was not misplaced.
“Wait, wait. Say. That. Again.” Whatever it was, it wasn’t good. It must be family of some sort, but he couldn’t think of anyone she cared enough about that any bad news about them would bother her. She wasn’t on speaking terms with either of her parents, and she was barely on speaking terms with her brother Harry. What had happened?
“There’s no rules that say I
“That was fast.” He sighed, shrugging into his coat and wincing as his shoulder objected a bit. His sense of awareness tingled and he looked to his right without moving his head too much. A black car sat by the kerb, innocuous but intimidating. John knew a government vehicle when he saw one and rolled his eyes. The driver appeared and opened the back door in the time it took him to register the car and its purpose, and he sighed as a familiar figure emerged from the back seat of the car.
It was a side of the elder Holmes John didn’t think he’d ever get to see; rueful, and quiet, open, and so shockingly human. He felt honored for the trust both of these peculiar brothers bestowed upon himself. His head actually started spinning a little, from a heavy emotion tugging at his heartstrings. How the hell did he manage to get into the life of this weird family and was allowed to
Nope.
Sherlock, being the charming boyfriend that he was, stalked over to John; snatched his sunglasses (which were, upon further inspection, from
John could snort only at the thought. The damn man-child always had a sense for the over-dramatic. His fragile new life shattered at the first glimpse of that damn cocky grin; the first rumble of the unmistakably rich baritone tore the carefully stitched Sherlock-shaped wound in his heart right open. And there he was. His Sherlock had, miraculously, returned from the dead.
It was then when the army doctor realized once again just how much in love he was with Sherlock. He was absolutely
“And that’s absolutely
Because right then, John Watson reached his limit. Maybe it was kind of pathetic to rely on Sherlock so much, but he consoled himself with the fact that Sherlock would have probably starved himself by accident if John wasn’t around to feed him. They shared a close relationship of mutual reliance – a symbiosis if you will – that came with certain responsibilities. Alright, maybe not ‘responsibilities’, but still. Sometimes, John wanted Sherlock to be there, missed him dearly when he was gone and felt strangely empty whenever his other half wasn’t by his side. Today he decided, was one of those days. The anger vanished and was replaced by a deep and nagging longing for the best hugs in the world, provided by one lanky detective. A breathy gasp pulled the doctor out of his head and back into the current state of events. Rosie’s lips quivered in an attempt to form words without sobs and failed quite spectacularly.
Two hours later, Sherlock successfully put his mask of cold indifference back on. Lestrade had given him some cold case files to entertain himself with, while he finished some long overdue paperwork. Lestrade actually planned on giving these files Sherlock as a birthday present, but he guessed now was an adequate time for them. Anything to make this big brain focus its attention on something else than panicking. Of course, technically it wasn’t his division to pay the consulting detective company, but… he was fond of the eccentric genius. And tonight, was the closest resemblance to a danger night they’ve had since John had entered the picture. And if there was one thing that Gregory Lestrade would not allow was a possible drug relapse because these two didn’t resolve their troubles. Lestrade was pretty sure Sherlock saw through his little façade, but seemed to appreciate the effort. Or at least the detective told himself that, while Sherlock quietly flipped the pages of his third file.
I think I'm ready to leap
Once they were in semi-privacy, multiple things happened at once. John opened his mouth to let out a hearty swear about Sherlock’s dramatics, while the detective pulled him close,
John shrugs, not really used to being asked about his feelings (it feels… nice, if not a bit… vulnerable? If that makes sense?). “A proper nursery has been on my to-do list forever. But I’ve never gotten around to it (here, both Bobby and Tan look at him with so much kindness in their eyes, that John feels really touched all of a sudden although he doesn’t really understand why). It would make her so happy. And if Rosie’s happy, I’m happy.”
“John” he winced at the vulnerability in his own voice. “I…I don’t understand” he admitted, helplessly.
Okay, now. That was just harsh.
Like it
They lay out the game plan and say some motivational stuff, before the production assistant calls it a wrap. The guys now explain to him when he’ll be spending time with whom, starting tomorrow with Blonde Guy, who wants to start renovating the flat right after. They’d be staying in a hotel for two days until it’s done.
Shyly, he peeked up to gauge the doctor’s reaction, but the older man was already focused back on the telly, chuckling quietly at their antics. Sherlock closed his eyes and listened to his own heart flutter in his chest, while he buried his nose a little deeper in John’s soft jumper, calming with every breath that extended the midsection of his best friend. While the telly quietly gurgled in the background, and John idly played with his hair, Sherlock allowed himself to feel safe and secure and cared for. For the first time in a long time, he dozed off in front of the telly, with a smile on his face.
As if reading his thoughts, Sherlock suddenly asked, quietly, knowingly. “Do you think I pity you?”  John tensed, and really, that was all the answer that was needed.
A crime scene evokes feelings in Sherlock, feelings he would rather forget
“Well, yes. I work in the middle of one of the hottest war-zones in the world.”
“Browning?”
*  For anyone who's ever visited a firing-range and fired a gun, especially a rifle, you know EXACTLY what this feels like. It's not exactly a fun experience. For the uninitiated or gun-leery, getting hit with hot brass is very different than being shot, it's what happens when a discharged shell-casing hits someone in the vicinity of the fired weapon. Hot metal touches your skin, either unprotected or otherwise, and you just KNOW you got hit. I've gotten hit by brass once or twice, not very pleasant.
“Hey. Come back to me, Sunshine.”
“Save time, save water. I’d be an idiot if I thought this would surprise him.” He muttered as they pulled off damp layers, “But
“Any evidence someone else was in the room?”
“We’re here to find your puppies and get them back, Mr Radcliffe.” Sherlock appeared in the doorway to the kitchen, “We know who took them.”
“But ... ”
“Uh, yeah.” She was a little surprised by that, “Twins, actually.”
Good Lord, show me the way!”
“What does your brother do again?”
He almost wanted her to threaten them, to give them a reason to arrest her. He wasn’t disappointed. She pulled a gun from her purse but never got beyond showing it to them. John grabbed Sherlock and hit the floor, cringing as the gunshot sounded in the house. He heard the sound of breaking glass somewhere else. Hutchison and the other two were quick to react and in no time had Mary in handcuffs. A hand appeared in his field of vision and he raised his head. Hutchison had gotten to his feet and had one hand extended.
“That’s more like it.”
“Sherlock!” John got one hand free and reached for Sherlock right as Moriarty dragged him away.
“Yep.”
“You didn’t
He was familiar with tall, dusky Riyah, who traditionally led the girls during the night, but last night the leadership had changed a bit and Riyah had pulled in a partner. Leading the current set was Riyah’s blonde British counterpart, who performed under the stage-name of Zazi. He had heard of Judith Watson’s hobby of belly-dancing, had viewed hours worth of compiled CCTV and rehearsal footage, but there was nothing like seeing it in person. She did not disappoint, and Mycroft found himself hoping that the others would make it to see a few sets before the night was old. Judith was aware of him, he watched her rhythm change and sent a brief text to his brother, Judith’s brother John, and to Judith’s NSY contacts.
“Copycat?”
“Allow me.” He murmured in that deep baritone, “Please, John.”
“Fuck.” He muttered, looking up the stairs and deciding it just wasn’t worth the effort right now. John pulled him close and somehow, they fell asleep on the stairs going up to 221B. It wasn’t very comfortable, but…well, what for it? He had no idea how long it had been when he was aware of a door opening and footsteps. And then “Oh, John! What happened?”
“Yes.” He almost forgot how to breathe as he looked at the ring. “We must have visited the very same jeweller, John.”
my teacher now?”
“Classified?”
“I was sitting on this house last night when you got home to find you had some unwelcome company. I was the one who responded to your neighbour’s call to Emergency Services. I’m very sorry my brother tried to take it out on your head.”
“Had to swipe these, the littles were eating them like people drink water.”
She pocketed her keys and headed right back to the car,
“We can do that, after we go to the hospital. I’m sure she’ll understand?”
“Doctor. I wish we were meeting on happier terms, but nothing for it, eh?” He glanced over his shoulder at Roben, who stared in shock, “Can’t say I’m sorry for the nasty shock my boss just got a minute ago.”
was in, then she had no doubt the others would be coming later. She smiled and tuned her awareness to the guests. She knew Mycroft was aware of her unspoken skillsets, the harmless and deadly alike, and wondered a bit where
He practically spat the words.
“Please ... do.” John sighed at the first touch of soft, slightly chapped lips. He loved kissing, adored it, it was a very enjoyable way to express and share affection with someone else, but he had to admit that Sherlock was new ground for him. Not his first male partner, not by a long shot, and it was clear Sherlock was a bit inexperienced but John found it endearing. And his enthusiasm more than made up for his naiveté.
“A box and a few shock-blankets. Getting them out was the fun part, I’ll tell you what.”
proud of his sister and looked forward to the chance to watch her rise through the ranks of New Scotland Yard. She was good with people, and rather good at solving crimes, so this was the perfect job for her.
They slept undisturbed from about three am until seven-fifteen, discounting the cats joining them at four, which was later than Judith or Sally usually slept. But since they were technically on watch-duty to sit on Baker Street until orders came to them otherwise, it didn’t matter if they slept in a bit. John fixed breakfast for all of them, and they went over the information Mycroft had sent her regarding Richard Brook. It was as she had suspected. Richard Brook was a real person, but everything else about him was fabricated. Well,
tried to kill you!”
“Not even two weeks.” She sighed, groaning as a familiar ache blossomed in her leg. Greg found the soreness and rubbed cautious fingers against the twitching muscles.
“Sounds like someone else I know.” John had to roll his eyes. If that wasn’t Mycroft Holmes to a fucking T. Or hell, even Q. But, to be fair to the Quartermaster, he was far more open than his elder brother.
“Such as?”
It didn’t take much to hail a late taxi, despite the hour, and he ordered the cabbie to his place on Pembroke Mews, right behind the Kensington Police Station. Sometimes he worked from there, rather than go all the way in to his office at the Victoria Street building. That was usually playing catch-up on paperwork, but his team knew how to find him if he didn’t make it in on a given morning and he wasn’t home. He had an arrangement with the station heads that if and when he showed up, word was sent straight Victoria Street to forward any case-calls to him at the station and he would take action from there. It was nice to have that going for him, convenient.
“I said, you’re getting out of here. Bail’s been posted. Come on.” The bailiff unlocked the door as John got unsteadily to his feet. He was far less drunk than he had been when they’d put him in here, but not quite stable on his feet yet. John made his careful way to the door and stepped out. As a matter of policy, they put him in handcuffs before they led him away from the cell. The walk to Processing was quiet, but John didn’t mind that. He just wondered who had found out about this and decided to take pity on him and bail him out of Holding.
“Oh, sure it’s
God, they could really be a family. Sherlock Holmes was a wonder, and the single greatest thing in John Watson’s life. How in the world he did deserve such a compassionate and thoughtful partner, he didn’t know. He didn’t really care much either, though. This beautiful madman was going to raise their daughter together with him.
Which was a stupid thing to want, an unreachable thing. People like him- eccentric freaks with questionable morals- didn’t go well together with people like John- good people. The best people. The best damn person Sherlock Holmes had ever met. Why would John want to be with
. What a peculiar experience.
Sherlock wasn’t an idiot. He knew hugs and confessions wouldn’t keep the nightmares away instantly. He knew it would probably take much time for John to trust him again. He knew they had many obstacles to overcome, and he knew they had demons they need to fight. He knew John might never feel the same way he did, hell he didn’t even know if John would want this close contact to continue. He knew nothing, basically, only that John was vulnerable right now, and that he had probably never been more in love with him.
When the detective arrived at the table, he ignored Greg’s happy “Sherlock, mate!”, and grasped John’s hand. He proceeded to pull the doctor in a standing position, already half-way dragging him towards the exit.
?!” Sherlock blurted out, obviously unaware that he had even opened his mouth. “Why?” that was... almost whiney. It just…came out. He didn’t authorize this!
“I was just angry, Sherlock” he sighed, smoothing the scrunched-up worry lines on Sherlock’s forehead. “You keep leaving me behind –“
John didn’t really know how to reply to that, so he pretended to watch the documentary on whales that was currently running. His mind, though, was anywhere but under the sea.
“This is me apologizing” The doctor offered, sitting down on the bed next to his friend. “I did not treat you right yesterday, and for that I’m very sorry”
John's eyes softened momentarily, when he replied with his standard gaze ('It's all fine'). What was new however, was the arm that stretched out to ruffle his curls. Sherlock's treacherous body reacted instantly and a soft sound of surprise and delight left his lips before he could stop it. Almost humiliated, he looked away, but made no effort to move his head away from his friend's palm.
Watson if necessary, but never- never condescending.
When Rosie finally admitted defeat and was tucked in for the night, the sky was full of millions of stars.
“John” he started, voice quivering annoyingly. He cleared his throat and tried again. “You know you’re the best thing that has ever happened to me, yeah?” John’s eyes softened and his basically turned to putty in his partner’s arms.
These nights occurred less and less frequent as time moved on. They had shaken him up in the beginning, leaving him red-eyed and exhausted in the mornings; looking almost as dead as he felt. Sherlock gave him an expression he couldn’t quite place when he slumped at their kitchen with the night’s unpleasantries clearly written all over his face.  On very rare occasion, when night terrors accompanied the crippling self-doubt and he barely limped to his chair, Sherlock stood, looking utterly lost and helpless for a second, before he crossed the room in two long steps and hugged the fragile doctor to his chest. John sank into these moments of comfort gratefully, seeking Sherlock’s warmth and the pulse of the man’s blood against his ear. Sherlock was alive, and so was John. They were together, it would be fine. As long as Sherlock was there, everything would be fine.
John thinks to himself that he needs to sit down. But here he is, being hugged by, well. He will try to remember their names, he promises himself. Also, the bloke with the British accent has a point. He hasn’t been hugged this excessively in decades. He still tries to decide whether he likes it or not, when they’re all assembled around him in a circle.
the detective turned mid-sentence and stopped abruptly when took in the sight of a very concerned-looking DI kneeling next to a very miserable-looking doctor. All his pompous air left him at an instant.
Now they were both looking at him- so genuine and kind- that John wants to punch something. He shouldn’t let all of this get so much under his skin. He was doing this to
“I’m fine, please don’t worry. It’s just… a lot of memories, you know?”
“You don’t understand how dreadful, how awful I’m going to be as a partner, I-“
John gave him that look, that look that said “Are you seriously such an idiot?” and pulled him into a soundful kiss.
car journey.
“Hey” he spoke with the soft voice solely reserved for moments like these. “You’re alright.”
Over the past weeks he had
John stared thoughtful into his mug. He wouldn't like the last option. He never liked the idea of Sherlock deleting anything remotely important that happened between them. But, so he decided, he was probably just being romantic again; Sherlock surely deleted a massive amount of data he and his not-genius brain deemed of importance. So, it didn't really matter if it would happen this time (Except it did matter, a hell lot).
“Um? Oh, s-sorry, Mrs H.” John stirred and raised his head, “Didn’t wake you, did we?”
any of them could do right at this moment.
“Oh, you’re
“Hope.” He held out one hand, “Name’s Jeff Hope. I keep seein’ you around town.”
“It’s not
“Judith?”
“Did you like it?”
“Your phone. It’s expensive, a smartphone, but you’re not a man of complicated taste – you wouldn’t waste money on this. It’s a gift, then.”John gave him his phone when he held out one hand for it, curious to know what Sherlock could tell him about the phone without ever having seen it or handled it before today.
“Mr. Almond, New Scotland Yard, sir. Can we come in?” There was a bit of a commotion inside and she saw Donovan reach for her waistband. She caught the sergeant by the hand and shook her head. No need here. The door flew open, thrown wide by Gerald Almond, who must have recognized her voice.
“Doctor Watson! Are you going back to the Army? Why are you in uniform?”
“Willing to bet on that?” He glanced left and then right. The twins stepped forward, prepared to take her out. Sally was already reaching for her handcuffs.
Seeing him there by the doors, Judith came right over to him, John hard on her heels. It wasn’t just an illusion, he knew now, and it made his heart ache a bit for the clever, resourceful Watson twins.
“What’s different about this one?”
“Oh no, no. Not
“Hi, Greg. Got another one for me?”
unusual, and what got her attention when she walked the length of the fences, was that a side-gate was unlocked when, by safety-regulations, all entrances to build-sites had be clearly-marked and locked against trespassing after dark or off-hours. So finding a door ajar was bad. Flicking open the holster for her Taser, forgoing reaching for her Browning just momentarily, she shouldered the door open and called in to Dispatch that she was investigating a suspicious incident in Soho. She got the usual warning to be alert and call in again if she needed back-up.
“Oh, God, no! No, Jesus! Believe me, I know how you swing, John.” Stamford shook his head quickly. “Nah, Doctor Hooper’s not your type. She’d be a
“Er…probably not. Least not…’til  I’ve managed to inform my brother of things.”
“John, don’t…leave me? Please don’t leave me.”
When he showed himself on the work floor, it wasn’t hard to spot the young Quartermaster. Q, of course, saw him coming and just smiled brightly.
detective. Only one in the world. I invented the job.”
“Still. I’m sorry. I can’t imagine being alone like that, without family. I assume your parents are deceased?”
“Can’t I just drop by, Locket?”
She looked at a regional map of the city, broken into patrol areas by subdivision,
“I was, yes. Your intelligence was correct.” Alexandra’s demeanour softened and she looked at their hands, noting the rings. “But I was welcomed back to the Court ten years ago and my titles and privileges were reinstated.”
“Nah.” Greg shook his head, “I don’t want it to change,
“What am I
, and she wondered when John had found the time to go back to London and bring it through, or if he’d stopped by the flat and grabbed it
, Inspector. You put that fucking son of a bitch away. Christine Almond was like a grandmother to me when I was a kid, she didn’t deserve this.”
“What’s that, Sherlock?”
.” Mycroft smiled as he lifted Kitty to his shoulder and let her get settled there.
“It’s a bloody two-way street, son,” John said carefully, his voice dangerously calm. “But I suppose you do as you bloody well please, don’t you? Always have, always will. Get yourself killed in some filthy back-alley in Islington and who’s going to miss you?”
steal the puppies! This is why!” She pulled a drawing from the file and thrust it at them. Displayed was a gorgeous spotted coat.
“Nothing obvious. The room wasn’t tossed, nothing was missing. But then again, Lestrade’s people are idiots and would trample vital evidence before they saw it. I’m sure they’ve missed every clue in front of them.”
“Just…a bit?”
“Thanks. I think?” She followed John and Strange out of the massive room. “Does anyone know where I went?”
“I’m a Shapeshifter Selkie, the animal-skin I built into my coat is a special one.”
“It is the same as the other three.” Sherlock snapped his gloves, eyes narrow, “But it won’t be his last.”
