“Johnny, I’m not ringing for money or anything so don’t just delete this like you always do. I have some bad ne- well, some news then. Dad’s died. Not sure what of but I found out through an old friend that still lives in our hometown. Thought I’d warn you so you can at least feign grief if someone else tells you, I’m just hoping my non-reaction will be written off as shock. Text me, alright? Take care of yourself because -”
“Picking a suitable subject for aging is of great importance. You want a cheese that is strong enough to withstand the entire process, however it will need to be malleable enough to respond to the guidance you give. This way you’ll end up with a wonderful cheese that you can share with other enthusiasts. Being able to pick out specimens that have the greatest potential and are just right is a skill that can only be developed with experience.”
A little later and John was on the beach, it was a cold night and he shivered, heading to the base of the cliffs. He couldn’t get as close to the spot where the body was found as he’d like because the tide had already cut the area off. The doctor looked at the collection of rocks and took his phone out to review the photos he’d taken of Holly Walters.
“That was an impressive explosion, thank heavens for your good reflexes. Compared to that, my ex-partner definitely overreacted.”
“No! NO! She’s crashing! Bring me the cart! Now!” The doctor cried out as he began CPR, doing chest compressions while a nurse performed rescue breaths after each cycle. Another nurse charged the paddles of the defibrillator, shouting a warning before shocking the woman. “No response, continue CPR and charge again.” John stated as he resumed chest compressions. Two more shocks and he shook his head reluctantly.
“Korea was next, both North and South. That was a fraught time, trying to stay unnoticed by both the cells and the government at the same time was nerve wracking. I don’t think I got a decent night’s sleep for a month and a half. Thankfully it didn’t take long to unpick that one so I travelled into China next.” The detective waved his free hand in illustration while John was beginning to understand the sheer scale of work needed to accomplish this mission, it was a relentless and unforgiving time.
“I’ll do anything, John, just name it. I want to fix this! I’ll make it up to you somehow, I promise!” Sherlock didn’t want the image of his best friend’s tear streaked face stored in his Mind Palace but he wouldn’t delete it either. He needed to be reminded that no matter how logical the choice he’d made, there was a very real and human cost… and John had paid it for him.
“It’s supposed to sting, you wimp, and don’t snap at me just because you’re annoyed that a lawyer managed to clock you.” John replied sullenly as he continued, he tried not to provoke Sherlock when he was in these moods but couldn’t help defending himself at times.
Very quietly, the former soldier took his dictaphone out of his bag, rewinding slightly to the observations he’d made the last time he’d used it and pressed play. He put it down as a decoy and got to his feet slowly. John motioned at Greg, pointing to the couch and indicating that they should take a side each.
“My instinct says revenge for some sort of deep personal injury, but to know what that could be, then we need to know the victim. Find Callahan’s address and get me in there. Have forensics test everything in the bathroom, there’s an outside chance the killer missed some trace evidence during the clean up but I wouldn’t hold my breath if I were you.” Sherlock walked back towards the bed and folded his arms as he studied the corpse.
A six-week-old newspaper that was on the kitchen counter caught his eye, the headline declared ‘Holmes Is Alive!’ with his picture front and centre. Dread filled Sherlock’s stomach and he had just enough time to register someone behind him before his world went black.
Ten minutes later and the pair of them were in a taxi heading to a pawnshop, it was the closest one to the courier’s home address so it was a good place to start looking. When they got there, Sherlock flashed one of the many badges he’d nicked from DI Lestrade at the middle-aged broker and asked to see any tablets he’d accepted that day.
“I’ve not had a date since before you jumped, you prat, I’m just surprised it’s taken you this long to notice.” John walked back into the sitting room and sank down on his chair; he could almost hear Sherlock’s mind whirring. “I’ll save you the deductions as to why. First off, I was grieving for you and wrapped up in clearing your name, so I was in no fit state to be thinking about dating.”
“Morning, there’s sugar in the glove box.” Greg greeted him as they pulled out of the hospital grounds to head to Sandhurst. “Saw about that gas explosion on the news, looked really bad. Is John alright?” Sherlock opened the glove compartment and grabbed a handful of sugar sachets, gripping his coffee between his knees as he pulled off the lid to add some.
Deakins led them away from the class towards the back wall where there were two rows of framed pictures, one above the other. He instructed a corporal to supervise and left them to it, directing them to return to his office if they needed him again.
“The serious crime team at the Met have been doing well in tracking down members of the smuggling ring too. The legwork we put in gave them a decent springboard so they could hit the ground running. A job well done, John.” Sherlock added with a small smile as he turned on his stool towards the living room, the doctor flushed and gave an embarrassed little laugh.
It had had the potential to be an interesting case but it turned out to have been a simple crime of opportunity. A security guard took advantage of a random power cut and stole the sculpture with the intention of melting it down to take advantage of the high price of gold.
“That’s good then, John is much more suited to emergency medicine than general practice.” Sherlock closed the manila file and tossed it back on the desk as he stood up. “I need to go and see him immediately, he did so much for me while I was away, more than I ever expected him to do. Plus, his sign off at the end of the press conference was so brilliantly John that I feel like I should bring him a bottle of this whiskey, he’ll love it!”
Since then, Donovan hadn’t said a single word about Sherlock and John Watson managed to slot into place alongside the officers of The Metropolitan Police. His skills and professionalism plus his affable nature were such that he was now known as the ‘Doc’ or simply ‘Doc’. Greg had told John over a pint that a nickname pretty much meant he was officially one of their own.
“Yes, but don’t forget that we know that someone went into that hotel wearing one set of clothes and left wearing different ones. I recommend getting some CCTV footage of the busier streets in that area and watching for such a person around our time of death.” The detective replied as he gave the room one last look, to see if he’d missed anything.
But before Sherlock could put a voice to that thought, Lestrade put his notebook away and put a hand on John’s shoulder.
“I see, no, it’s not creepy. Don’t worry. Thank you for coming.” Mrs Price’s face had fallen into a gentle smile, she glanced over her shoulder towards the living room. “Jonathan is just with someone now but I’ll be sure to tell him you dropped by, Mr -?” Whatever the doctor was about to say was interrupted by crashing and a shout.
“Just as you can’t slander the dead, the deceased have no right to privacy, Lestrade.” Sherlock replied coolly as he went into the kitchen and started opening cupboards.
“Probably… Bloody vigilantes!” Lestrade spat out with an uncharacteristic venom. “I know the law’s not perfect! I know it feels like people get away with everything but it’s not true, we’re all doing our best! Except now we have to chase some sick fucker who has taken matters into his own hands.” Greg ran a frustrated hand through his hair, turning to leave the shop and get some air.
.” The detective wiped the moisture from his eyes and glanced over his shoulder to see if anyone had noticed, however no one was paying any attention to them.
“You’re emptyhanded.” Sherlock swivelled on the stool he was using so he faced the doctor. “Where’s the shopping? You didn’t forget or you’d have been back sooner. Did you get into another fight with a chip and pin machine? Really, John, it’s not like you need a degree in computer science to operate one, even an idio-”
“Christ! Three grand! That costs almost as much as a hernia operation on the NHS!” John covered his mouth with his hand, genuinely horrified. When he finally glanced over to his lover again, he found Sherlock standing there looking uncertain, not wanting to offend the doctor and well aware that this was a topic where they struggled to see the other’s point of view.
“Christ, I wasn’t talking about this though.” John pulled away from Sherlock and the detective let him go without a word. The doctor picked up his abandoned tea and knocked it back in one, going to the sink and washing it up. If he was going to discuss this, he couldn’t look his best friend in the eye as he did so.
Mycroft Holmes was sitting in his offices at the Diogenes Club, the hour was very late but his door was opened without warning and he gave the intruder an exasperated look.
The operation had turned out to be a lot more sophisticated than the pair had initially expected, the short turnaround time between the organs being imported and distributed would make it difficult to catch them in the act. The plan was to find the HQ and set up hidden cameras and listening devices so they could gather evidence to present to the police and catch as many of the gang as possible. Sherlock was just jogging down the stairs when his phone buzzed with a message from John.
“I spent the first two months in a data room at MI6 while a new identity was created to get me on to the continent. Using the information Moriarty had given us, we already had a lead on a cell in Paris that gave us a starting point.” The doctor forgot about his food, his tea, even the pain, his entire attention on Sherlock.
The doctor grit his teeth as his head span, swallowing a wave of nausea. He’d been drugged with something that rapidly rendered him unconscious. From his symptoms he figured it was probably an opiate of some sort. The fact he was injected didn’t guarantee the drug was in liquid form as it could have been tablets crushed in saline but it was more likely than not. That narrowed down the options to heroin, cocaine and morphine. John’s guess was the latter, simply because of the lack of a racing heartbeat he’d have expected from the other two.
“Good evening, Mr Coulter, would you mind naming the planets in the solar system for me?” The doctor asked, the patient blinked at him slowly in confusion. “Come on, I’ll even start you off. There’s Mercury, what’s next after that?”
“Correct. He hasn’t touched the inheritance you left him either. I have my suspicions as to why but considering he won’t talk to me; I can’t be absolutely certain... He’s going to hate me even more when he realises that I knew you were alive.” Mycroft gave another frustrated sigh.
“I’ll take you with me!” The words were blurted out as the detective grabbed John’s wrist before he could take a step. “I promise if I have to disappear again, then I’ll take you with me. I’ve broken your trust so many times that I don’t have any right to expect you to give it to me again… but I’m begging you to do so all the same.”
“Ah, yeah… I could do that, I suppose.” John’s lacklustre response didn’t go unnoticed, he tried not to look up when he saw Sherlock lean forward in his peripheral vision, resting his elbows on his knees, his fingers steepled together.
John sighed in boredom, staring out the window of the ward. Not that the hospital had a good view, all he could see was the carpark and part of the London skyline. It had been four days since he’d been thrown through the window at the industrial estate. His doctor didn’t want to let him go too soon as an abdominal knock could start his kidney bleeding internally again.
Sherlock, whose eyes had shifted slightly to John at the major’s first words, turn wide and pair with a trademark pout as the three other men in the room chuckle. In lieu of a rude remark he simply stalks closer to Mycroft’s desk.
“You misunderstand me.” Sherlock said plainly, before pulling himself up and heading towards the back of the building and an innocuous car that had just pulled up.
John tried to squelch the feeling that crept up when Sherlock replied. He’d been working this case alone then, that meant. It hurt perhaps more than John had thought it might. But it seemed he needed him now so he nodded and followed behind.
Sherlock hadn’t slept. He’d spent the night lost in experiments, attempting to block out the ridiculousness that he’d succumbed to. Mycroft’s voice hummed in and out of his consciousness all night. ‘Caring is not an advantage, Sherlock,’ it repeated over and over, alternating between mocking and encouraging. It had been Mycroft’s motto, his very being, since Sherlock had been just a child.
Ducky, in all her glory, breaks the silence and stage whispers next to him. “Did he just say the equivalent of ‘I love you’?”
Sherlock nodded. He could use a bit of caffeine, he wasn’t sure he’d slept last night, and the pseudo calories as well perhaps, if he’d be off on a chase later today like he was hoping.
“Consulting, dear brother, consulting. Remember those times you begged me to come work for you and I continued to say no? Now where are those files?”
“Any friend of Mr. Holmes is most certainly a friend of The Landau’s,” he said with a warm smile as he showed John to a small table at the edge of the restaurant.  He hardly had to wait a minute before Sherlock and his coat swirled in and sat themselves down across from him.
“Ah, Major Smith,” he replied with a small nod, as respectful as Mycroft or Anthea had ever seen him.
Sherlock sets his mug down and reaches for the box. He eyes John for a moment, then the box, and then John again.
An hour and a half later, John had given up and headed to the store. He was tired of waiting and the flat had little to no food in it and he had used nearly the last of the tea that morning. He picked up take away on the journey back and called out to Sherlock once he’d put the shopping away. After no response, John headed over to his door.
Sal simply splutters. “His nibs indeed,” he mutters quietly before exclaiming, “Should have tacked a tip onto that one.”
Both Sal and Ducky talked him through different tasks as they did them, gave him hints on how to handle certain pieces of equipment, or particular circumstances that could pop up. Feeling comfortable enough, he spent the last hour with Sal working the counter.
They didn’t tell anyone about the shift, didn’t proclaim it to the world, but all those closest to them noticed with a small smile. It was in the slight relaxing of Sherlock’s shoulders, normally held so rigid, and in the slight turn of John’s stance, as if he could never quite turn away from Sherlock. But, mostly, it was in the undeniable and undefinable energy that existed between the two—the constant awareness of each other and the small protections and smiles they gave each other. Lestrade once called it happiness, but John thought it went beyond that. He and Sherlock had found themselves in each other, and there was no going back from that.
There is still one large item under the tree and Sherlock pushes John towards it. It is awkwardly and inefficiently wrapped and so John simply tears the paper off the top. Underneath is a small espresso machine. It is obviously used and not nearly as fancy as anything he’d used at Starbucks, but it looks clean and like it will fit right into the décor at Bake Street—he wouldn’t quite call it antique but it was a near thing.
Sherlock had been brought abruptly out of his examination of a particularly distinct larva that had been found stuck to the bottom of a victim’s shoe when he heard John wake up. His morning ablutions were completed with military efficiency and the smell of breakfast had wafted into Sherlock’s room, reminding him that it had been a while since he’d eaten, even for him. When John came and stood outside his door, he knew. He sensed him there, hesitating, and could imagine him, fist raised as if contemplating knocking. The walls that Sherlock had spent the night rebuilding shook slightly. Sherlock had sighed just after John had, but he wasn’t sure if it was in relief or frustration.
Even with the discount Mrs. Hudson insisted on giving him, it would be a tight fit for his current budget. But he couldn’t say no, to the flat or her. He’d have to take on more cases, or possibly get a flat mate. There was a second bedroom upstairs that she’d had shown him as well that came with his rent, but he wasn’t sure he could find a flat mate that would put up with him, and vice versa. He figured he’d have a few months at least before that was a pressing enough issue to worry about and maybe a solution will have come to him in the meantime. One that didn’t involve Mycroft.
“Sounds interesting, Sherlock. It’d be amazing to watch you at work again.” He throws out there. And he felt he knew Sherlock well enough already to know it will work. He isn’t disappointed, Sherlock stops mid-rant and turns towards him.
It was times like these that John was always stunned—when Sherlock rolled words off that he didn’t even seem to take notice of and that, sometimes literally, took John’s breath away.
John sighs. He agrees but doesn’t feel like getting into it right now—it is Christmas Eve and he hasn’t slept properly in almost a week. He merely nods as he leans his head against the window of the cab.
And John...well John had his own fair share of issues. Experience may not be an area where he was lacking, he didn’t get his nicknames for nothing, but he’d never been serious about a man, and hadn’t had what anyone would classify a ‘normal’ relationship since before he’d gone into the army. Between the two of them they were a mass of failures and confusion. He supposed maybe they were just an explosion waiting to happen.
“No guesses, just open it!” John exclaims. With one last glance at John he rips the paper off and lifts the lid from the box. Sherlock pulls out the scarf to examine it and watches as the piece of paper flutters to the floor. He picks it up and reads it with a frown.
Sherlock hummed in thought as they made their way into the house and up the stairs to what was obviously the master bedroom. John let out a small whistle and Lestrade shot a quick grin and nod his way. Sherlock stalked around the room, investigating different parts of it, poking around and generally being odd, before he knelt down next to the body.
“His mind was supposed to listen to him, damn it,” he growled, half aloud. A man walking towards him on the pavement glanced at him, a startled look mixed with concern and wariness. Sherlock ignored him and continued on. He was almost tempted to visit some of his old haunts, just something to take the edge off. But he wouldn’t. He’d fought too hard to get here, to stay here. He wasn’t going to give into it, wasn’t going to be vexed by a random barista. Even if he was intriguing. Ex-military, obviously, and a doctor as well as a soldier. A juxtaposition that Sherlock found himself contemplating with interest.
“You get all settled in?” Lestrade asked just as Sherlock called for John. John shrugged slightly at Lestrade and walked over to the body and stooped down.
It was a lazy morning in the flat and John had made tea for the both of them. He was flipping through the paper, looking half-heartedly at the jobs. Sherlock was alternating between laying supine on the couch and jumping up and pacing manically. John hid his smile behind his tea cup. His small cushion of finances would run out soon, especially at the rate with which they ate out. Sure, about half the time the food was free or reduced thanks to whatever random service Sherlock had provided the proprietor, but it was still a definite change in John’s spending pattern. He circled two possible options under the healthcare section and gave up, put his tea cup into the sink and wandered into the living room.
As John typed, he could sense it yet again—Sherlock’s gaze flicked to him every so often as he continued to pace. He had some private case on, not one from The Yard. John had been slightly surprised—he seemed to turn those down a dime a dozen, claiming they were child’s play. And while some of them were (even John had correctly deduced 3 of the 5 cases that were simple adultery), John felt some of the ones Sherlock turned down, especially the ones willing to pay, could have held his interest for at least a little while.
John nods towards Sherlock’s hand, where his four shot latté still rested. “Of the seven SIS or MI housed or friendly buildings with prototype Starbuck’s, four of them have agents that have now been kidnapped and slaughtered. I should have seen it sooner, my training consisted of where the locations were.”
Sunday was one of John’s days off, something he could actually enjoy now that he worked. Days off when you were unemployed were sad, lonely blurs, but now they were semi-happy, relaxing breaks. He was halfway through folding a load of laundry when his phone vibrated.
It’s a shed of some kind, tucked in the back of the property. Just a stash point as far as anyone can tell; the home owner is an elderly woman with no contacts or motives and even Sherlock was forced to concede that her involvement was unlikely.
Nothing changed. Well, not nothing, but near enough that John was slightly confused. He wasn’t disappointed, didn’t think he could be with the way things had gone. But having decided to embark upon a relationship with your flatmate and friend, John had thought something would change. Sure, there was snogging and cuddles and sex now, but there was still fighting and take out and solving crimes. There was still work at the clinic, experiments on the table, and coffee, lots of coffee, but there was also touches and smiles and looks of understanding.
They sleep in on Christmas morning. Sherlock had finally crashed after the case was over the previous evening. They’d arrived home just as dusk had fallen and John had broken out a bottle of wine they’d sipped as Sherlock played a handful of Christmas tunes on his violin. There wasn’t any snow, but the fairy lights cast small sparkles around the flat and the smile never left John’s face. It had been a near perfect evening that concluded with a luxurious tumble into bed before they’d both fallen asleep, exhausted.
Sherlock’s aghast look turned quickly mutinous at the mention of his Stradivarius. He squared his shoulders and turned abruptly from the room and marched out.
John struggled throughout it against the bindings on his hands and attempted to tip the chair. He managed it but it was at the same moment that he realized that the rest of the guards minus the one Sherlock had in a chokehold behind John are suddenly down and he was actually already mostly free. The arrow chose that second to shoot and whizzed by his head and pierced the last of the gang just as Sherlock angled their bodies strategically. The look that passes between the two of them was as much indecent as it was heartfelt.
Sherlock refused to be bowed by him. “You pay better than the Yard,” he replied tersely, the coffee cup squeezed tight in his hand.
John listened to the man prattle on about just those things for a few more minutes before Sherlock suddenly jumped up.
“Yes. But would we have ended up here, like this?” John can’t help but ask as he stands next to Sherlock, staring at the tree, and leans against him lightly.
“Case, John!” He exclaims with a smile, already pulling John’s coat off the rack and preparing to toss it to him, completely oblivious to the changes in the flat. John is on his heels within the minute.
They pick up food on the way home, only after John puts his foot down, almost literally. Suggesting Indian is probably the actual tipping point for Sherlock, not John’s obvious hunger and ire. Dangling naan and payasam in front of Sherlock were sure ways to ensure he ate. John tries not to use it too often, knowing Sherlock will catch on if he does.
DI Dimmock showed up just as Sherlock finished untying John, ruining whatever had just passed between their eyes, and suddenly can do nothing but crow about Sherlock and his solving of the case and general wonderfulness. John’s lips are pursed and Sherlock has them herded out mere moments before John would have succumbed to punching the man.
Sal only shrugs, a small smile playing at his lips. Ducky breaks out into a wicked smile and sends a lewd wink at John. She laughs as Sherlock again eyes the strange arrangement of poorly done hand-drawn pictures on his cup: a cane, a coffee cup, and a wink emoticon.
It was the following day after the incident when John was kidnapped by Mycroft. They were out of tea and bread, about the only two things Sherlock would reliably consume, and so John had taken it upon himself to head out to the shops. After two blocks of John having attempted to ignore the black sedan inching along next to him, he’d given in. It wasn’t worth the fight or the stares. The warehouse they ended up in was a different one, but the situation eerily similar to their first meeting for that interview all those months ago.
John nods and heads off to the right as Sherlock’s long strides lead him straight and towards where John now knows Mycroft’s office resides.
“I thought we’d done enough fighting over food versus body parts,” John says with a smile as he walks fully into the kitchen. “Now neither of us will get confused hopefully. And I may have added a few things from your wish list in the process.”
“No. But a new body, one I wasn’t expecting” Sherlock responded tersely, and he sounded personally affronted that he hadn’t predicted this.
Sherlock was a caffeine addict—something not many others seemed to realize about him. John wondered at that as he supposes it really shouldn’t be a surprise to anyone—Sherlock’s entire being seemed to scream ‘addictive personality’ to him. Caffeine was simply one of the few legal and semi-safe, semi-healthy options to satiate that need. John had obviously known this—having experienced his four shot lattes first hand. But it was obvious everywhere as well. Tea was the choice when at home or when needing a constant source, black coffee if he was out in the morning, lattes if he was out in the afternoon. It was almost as regular as clockwork and John wondered if Sherlock realized that–if he knew how well John knew him already. It was one of the few schedules Sherlock seemed to have—aware of it or not.
“You had such a good time at the symphony when we went. And this violinist is apparently pretty famous.”
“Well, thank you, that makes this situation slightly less harassing,” John responded caustically, but with a slight smile on his face. She’d simply smiled sweetly in response.
John was surprised when, after a short cab ride, ‘bank’ translated to Tower 42 and Shad Sanderson Bank. And was even more surprised after he met Sebastian. There was obviously some strained history there and John wondered momentarily, not for the first time, about whatever experiences Sherlock must have had in uni, and even his whole life prior to meeting John. They certainly weren’t screaming warm and fuzzy and John’s fingers clenched into a fist momentarily at his side as he reigned himself in, resigned to ignore it for now.
‘No. New case; we need to go to the bank when you get back. Don’t dawdle. SH’ John made a noise halfway between indignation and humor as he read it. It was a typical message from Sherlock, but John felt touched that Sherlock was obviously waiting for him, something that did not always occur, especially lately.
John studied him for a moment then snorted, mumbling something like “bloody mind reader” as he led the way across the street to a small park with empty benches.
“Breakfast, mate? Alice’s making the full works.” Greg tried for a smile, but John could see the worry in ever line. So, he tried for a smile of his own.
Greg’s apartment was nice. It was clean. His wife was nice. The food was good, full meals every night. The bed was soft and the only think that woke him up in the early hours of the morning was himself, with his cold sweats and phantom noises of bone against cement to replace hot sands and the crack of a gun. There were always clean towels in the bathroom and nothing was rotting in the refrigerator. He always had hot water in the shower. What a wonderful home.
His brain instantly went full-power despite himself, weighing the reactions John might have to what his entire body was burning for him to say. Instead of words, he found himself leaning forward ever so slightly. It felt more like he was being pulled forward, his entire being being attracted to John.
John let out a shaky breath, “Don’t-“ He squeezed his trembling fingers into a fist, “Don’t, sorry.” He pressed his palms to his thighs, briefly bending over and letting out another breath, before straightening military straight, “Sorry, I’m sorry…”
“Yes.” Sherlock said stiffly, dropping his coat over a chair—John’s chair—with a flourish, “Yes, of course. Tea would be lovely, thank you.”
It was raining, which wasn’t unusual for London. Not at all. The water fell around John, splattering in large droplets against the darkened pavement, running in rivers along the street curbs. Running a pinkish hue just by…
John bit at the inside of his cheek for a moment, worrying the skin, before looking back at Sherlock, blue eyes swimming, “You always being there.”
Sherlock was just beginning to resign himself to a few more hours of sitting completely still until it was considered a socially acceptable hour to rise and start a day in the life of the living, when his phone buzzed against his ribs, shocking Sherlock’s eyes open.
Sherlock shook himself, “I always enjoy your company, John. I cannot, however, ignore the fact that you are evading an… emotion.”
John didn’t freeze like he expected him to. Instead, he reacted like he’d been shocked, touched by fire, and didn’t miss a beat in fisting the collar of Sherlock’s coat, other hand in his hair. He was crying, Sherlock thought maybe he was crying as well, but it didn’t matter. Tears mixed and Sherlock pulled John closer by the waist, his tea joining John’s, forgotten at their feet.
He didn’t want to admit it, but his hopes were crumbling around him. John was not calling. John was not coming up the stairs. John had left him on the curb after hitting him once, twice, three times. He found that his chest hurt more than his cheek or nose.
But Sherlock couldn’t. He didn’t think he’d ever be able to stop looking at John like that. John who was the only person who bothered to remember how he likes his tea—save Ms. Hudson. John who was the only person in the world who could read, not his thoughts, but his emotions. The only person in the world who acknowledged he even had normal emotions.
He folded the note, and put it in his jacket pocket. He was allowed to hold on to pieces, any pieces. So what if he didn’t understand them? He’d take what he could get. He got up and fell down into his chair, resigning to stare at the black leather in front of him until Mrs. Hudson returned with tea.
For a split second Sherlock saw John’s jaw clench before it was hidden from view, John’s tea falling to the ground as he dropped his head into his hands, shoulders shaking.
“You’ll let us know if you need anything, won’t you, John?” Alice’s eyes were big, hand gentle on his shoulder.
John set his cup beside him to cool, “You jump of a bloody building, I-“ John’s chest suddenly feels tight at that hard fact, “I
The street was empty. Not even a car. John sprinted to the other side, standing right beneath the streetlamp. He pushed his fingers into his hair, chest rising and falling but air not coming in properly, “No,
Sherlock missed the way John’s smile was faltering. He continued to take long strides back and forth in front of him.
” Sherlock turns on him, casting the blanket away, suddenly feeling hot all over, agitated, “Don’t. I don’t have an explanation for you. I don’t have a reason other than one you’ll disapprove of, something I’m sure you’re already aware. So, if you know you won’t like it, don’t make me say it.” Sherlock bit every word through his teeth, jaw tight, consonants sharpening the ends of each syllable.
And Sherlock felt it all over again. The cold pavement on his back, John’s fingers on his temporarily stopped pulse, his cries and broken words. Sherlock Holmes, high-functioning sociopath, felt heartbreak for the second time in his life.
But perhaps he should not have left for two years. For a so-called genius, he seemed to have a habit of realizing things too late when it came to John Watson. Maybe one could only be a genius in one aspect of life, one field. Sherlock considered this. If that was the case, he’d gladly trade his knowledge of chemistry, of crime, of anything, for an upstanding understanding of John. Just John. It may not be more useful in his line of work. But he would be happier. Emotionally. Sherlock blinked at the realization. He was surprised, but it felt… true.
John closed his eyes, head resting comfortably on the back of his chair, arms dropping, “Deduce me.”
John blinked hard, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to yell.” He turned back to the desk, Sherlock’s side, the wood familiar and cool against his palms, “This is… I-“ He took another breath, “This… is difficult. Mrs. Hudson-“
“No, really, I can’t impose on you any longer.” He pushed his face into a smile, trying to ignore the sharp stabs of pain that flashed up his thigh with each step down to the street level, “Taken up enough of your food and kindness and, really,” They reached the street door and he turned to both of them, clasping Greg’s hand and shooting Alice a thankful look, “this has been too kind of you. I don’t know how to… I don’t know what I would have done…” Not for the first time, the lump in his throat appeared, but with no accompaniment of tears. He shook his head once, “Thank you.”
Mycroft turned slowly back to him, unreadable expression back. Sherlock couldn’t tell if he’d read into the double meaning.
How is it, that one could have gone so far, seen so much time pass, and end up right where they started? He was, after all, right where he was all those years ago. The young, traumatized soldier. The heartbroken friend. Friend?
“Nearly five months.” John reminds her. Greg had moved on, he was functioning. Anderson and Donovan had too, not that he’d expected much remorse from them. Molly couldn’t look him in the eye but at least she smiled. He couldn’t say the same for himself. He didn’t know what he was.
. He wouldn’t let the night end like it had would he? He’d want to see Sherlock. Definitely. John was a man of answers, and he had two years worth of questions to ask. Sherlock had poured the water into the tea pot, set out two cups (he’d looked for John’s favorite mug only to find it no longer in the cupboard), milk, and sugar. He’d put it all on a tray, set it rather too harshly onto the coffee table, fell into his chair…
But each time he felt a warm feeling bubble to his frontal lobe, dispersing the orderly, familiar instructions his mind naturally gave his hands and fingers when it came to his music. He’d pretended he didn’t know what was causing it, but he was too clever to trick himself in such a feeble way. John was looking at him. That was the source of the warmth. John was looking at him, bathed in firelight, lids hooded slightly, and a soft, calm smile on his face. Sherlock had finally cut off mid song, lying that something was off and that he couldn’t play like that. That he’d have to take it to the shops tomorrow. John had just nodded and poured himself another scotch.
Sherlock blinked, attempting to regain his composer, “Ah, yes. Day one back in the land of the living.”
“I have no disapproval when it comes to your happiness.” He looked to the fire, sharp nosed silhouette frowning, “Sherlock, do not think that I do.”
“God, did you now?” John was nearly fuming again, “That’s the first time you haven’t given into one of your impulses.”
you- okay, you’re going to have to tell me-“ He pinched the bridge of his nose, “No, sorry, not the point right now. The
“Not female related. No traces of perfume on your coat. You wouldn’t have been this open about it if it had been, so that’s two things that rule that out.” He threw the coat back on the chair, ignoring John’s stare and bringing his fingertips to his chin, “You get a half hour for lunch, not much room for any sort of discomfort there. That leaves work related, and if not female then more specifically
Sherlock understood. He understood and he knew he’d never utter the word ‘goodbye’ to John Watson again.
She laughed delightedly, squeezing his hand before bustling into the kitchen, “I’ll get the kettle on for you two, then.”
“Sherlock what do you want? No factors, no reasons or logic. What do you want? Just say it. Just say whatever you’d like. Doesn’t have to make sense.”
Sherlock studied it a moment more then looked out to the street, the streetlamp casting his high cheekbones in stark contrast. John felt the tug. The oh-so familiar tug snug deep inside his chest that he hadn’t felt in so long. That he’d felt for the first time in two years earlier that night. Sherlock’s voice broke his gaze.
“Like I said,” Mrs. Hudson picked up her duster and walked towards the door, keeping it pointedly downward so as not to cause more alarm, “barely any at all. I’ll fetch you a cuppa. I think I’ve some biscuits downstairs.”
Sherlock clenched his jaw, falling only briefly into his mind, making sure the door that was 221B and everything inside it was safely secure. He squeezed his eyes then opened them, opening the door of the sitting room,
John cleared his throat, dropping his bag by the door and looking around, clenching and unclenching his fists in an effort to not… he didn’t know what. Scream? Cry? Collapse. Lose.
Sherlock froze half way through shrugging out of his coat, the thought hitting him harder than he expected.
John’s thumb stilled for a moment, then resumed, “Let it, okay? There’s…” John scooted forward in his seat and Sherlock swore the warmth radiating from him was hotter than any fire, “There’s no deducing or analyzing in this, it’s just…
“Well, that’s not very helpful of you. I’m never going to know what you mean if you’re not here, am I?”
“No,” John laughed, he couldn’t help it, “Well, yes, that is also terrible timing, but I mean longterm.”
.” John was looking up now, eyes rimmed red and burning into Sherlock’s, “You were suddenly gone, and I was suddenly
Mycroft reads into it easily, and Sherlock can hear the eyebrow raise in his voice, “You’re still here.”
“Sherlock, hey, come on back, yeah?” And suddenly John’s hands were on his cheeks, thumbs running along the cheekbones he seemed to pay so much attention to. Sherlock blinked wildly, lips parting, world coming back in focus. His world, at the moment, was full of
Sherlock kept his phone in hand. John may call rather than come over now that it was so late. He had a…fiancé now, after all. Sherlock swallowed hard at the thought, checking his phone again. Another outcome Sherlock had not expected. Of course, he felt foolish now, thinking John had—thinking John
“You were working with young children today, or more specifically one young child.” He did note John’s raised eyebrow, “The Barbie sticker still on your sweater. You took one when the child did signifying you were trying to comfort her. She was scared, meaning it wasn’t a routine check-up, it was something more serious. Something you clearly had been thinking about all day given the fact that the image on the sticker is faded slightly— you’ve been touching it, thinking about the child—and that it is still on your sweater. That means something went wrong, something is wrong, and you’re worried, you wish you could-“
John squeezed his eyes shut, cowering into the protection of the ambulance’s interior, turning away and clutching at the lapels of the too long coat that hugged around his shoulders. It was warm, but he could not longer tell who had made it that way, whether it was Sherlock’s warmth lingering, or his own replacing. He wished he could freeze himself, so as not to overpower what little of Sherlock he had left. This coat. This warmth.
. A cruel trick, or a brief moment of relief. Whichever his mind had tried to give him, he didn’t know.
He could believe this lie as well, if it weren’t for the fact that he’d had no alcohol. The heat detail only happened in extreme cases. Furthermore, if he was feeling rather hot, it wasn’t from the flames in the fireplace.
“Walking is scientifically proven to let blood flow easier, therefore clearing and stimulating the brain at the same time and making it easier for thoughts to form and function…”
“And Sherlock,” Mycroft’s voice stopped his footsteps, “this means no more spontaneous trips to Baker Street, does it not?”
. He let out long breaths through his nose, only barely sucking them in again. He shook his head, no. No, there is no one. He didn’t open his eyes.
Sherlock felt himself smile a little at the comment. This was the most normal he had felt in two entire years, “Not as bad as the ribs.”
Sherlock straightened, “I gathered that. You know, with the ring and the wine… the restaurant reservations-“
Mycroft released the breath softly, barely there. It sounded tired, and, suddenly, the look slipped. It slipped and Sherlock could, for just a moment, see the tiredness, the grief, and, least expected, the honesty that made up that unreadable expression. Mycroft lowered himself back to his chair, slouching minutely more than usual, but noticeably more to Sherlock.
John pressed the sticky note to the desk divider. It fell almost immediately on its back, the words glaring up at him.
Of all the outcomes Sherlock had prepared himself for, this was not one of them. There had been two scenarios in his head, two ways John’s emotions could play out. Shock was, in both scenarios, naturally the primary stage. That is logically what happens when a previously thought dead person presents themselves. It was the stages that came
Sherlock unknotted his scarf, hanging it on the familiar coat hanger, taking note in the back of his mind the relief that filled his chest at being, well, home, “Sorry?”
John sighed, “Right.” He turned his head away, staring down into the dark streets below, defeated, “Right…”
Sherlock struggled with himself a moment more, before resigning into his gut instinct, not matter how odd it felt. He sank slowly to his knees by John’s chair, hands fidgeting in his lap. He wanted so badly to reach out and lift John’s head from his hands. He just wasn’t sure he could do it right.
He felt someone sit beside him, a hand on his knee, squeezing gently, “John, can I call someone? Is there someone for you to stay with?”
, and every night staring down the fucking barrel of a-“ John closed his eyes turning his head away.
John sat on his bed. Sherlock’s bed. He wore pajama pants. The thin cotton did nothing to protect against the cool gun that rested on his thigh, hand loosely around the handle.
It was dusty, which wasn’t unusual for Baker Street. Not at all. It flew, swirling around John when he opened the door, and then settled again. Everything was quiet.
John made a noise to show he was listening but he didn’t turn towards Donovan, he couldn’t turn towards where the rain was washing away yet another part of Sherlock.
John laughed or sighed—Sherlock couldn’t decide which—and spread his hands open in surrender, “Well, go on then.”
“Oh,” She sighed, turning from John to the room a few times, “look at this place.” She hurried over to the curtain’s first, pushing them open, allowing light to fill the room, and then John’s chair, picking up the flag pillow and beating it a few times, spluttering at the dust, “I couldn’t bare to come in, I just couldn’t. Such a mess.” She turned to John, wringing her hands around her apron, “I do wish you’d have told me you were coming home.”
Sherlock blinked at John, trying to follow his instructions, trying to stop his brain. But it wouldn’t. It categorized, logging every little thing he wanted—needed—to remember from this moment.
Sherlock swallowed down the fear that suddenly bloomed in his chest, settling itself around an ache that wasn’t there before. The ache that was John, and his cries against the wet, bloodied pavement. The fear that was losing him. The ache that was his brother, and knowing how much he cared without ever saying it aloud. The fear that was going off for he didn’t know how long, leaving behind the cloak of his protection.
He paced, drummed his fingers, watched the clock. By the time he decided to change into his pajamas, it was nearly two in the morning and he had already retuned his violin and stabbed the fireplace mantle approximately 57 times. The tea was cold and he hadn’t had a drop. He hung his coat up from its place on John’s chair, fluffing the flag pillow and smoothing the velvet out.
John looked at the chair. He could swear he saw an indent, a shape of a figure, a break in the dust. He closed his eyes.
John’s breathing was harsh over the phone. Sherlock could picture him rubbing his eyes. Sherlock just listened for a moment to the familiar sound. He didn’t know how to start. Sorry was nothing, not what was needed, it wasn’t enough.
the shock is where it got tricky, given that Sherlock had to take into factor that they were surrounded by the public eye, in a very crowded, very upscale restaurant. It was where the road split. Road one: Shock would be followed by disbelieve, perhaps tears, but most likely not with John. No, it was more likely disbelief would lead to laughter, the slightly bitter kind that Sherlock could
He cleared his throat again, lump still there, lips pressed together, hands tugging his jacket from his shoulders. Dust flew up in a puff when he set it over their coat rack. The coat rack. There was rushed footsteps on the stairs accompanied by Mrs. Hudson’s nervous puttering and soon enough she was bustling in behind him quietly, duster in hand.
John cleared his throat, dipping his chin down to his chest in an attempt to breathe, to not breathe, to
“No,” Sherlock couldn’t have that, “No, John, it isn’t. I-“ He scrambled for the right words, an action foreign in itself, “I- John. I have two sides to my brain. One is logical, the other… emotional.”
He focused on John’s hands against his skin. He focused on his eyes, his mouth. Nothing about them, just the fact that John was right there in front of him, lovely and patient. Still, the words were stuck in his throat. He couldn’t mess this up. When words failed, Sherlock found, actions didn’t.
-“ he closed his eyes briefly before turning back to his friend, “is, is that you died but you didn’t. You died… and you let me watch you die, and then you let me grieve and- God, Sherlock… I grieved. I grieved…”
But Sherlock didn’t need him too. His mind had finished the sentence for him and for once he wished he wasn’t so fucking quick. He couldn’t breathe.
It had escalated into John laughing at almost everything he or Sherlock said. He completely ignored Sherlock’s attempts to find out what had caused this drinking spree, and, honestly, it was getting harder for Sherlock to focus on that task either. He kept finding himself wanting to smile and laugh with John.
John laughed again, letting his head fall back onto his chair and crossing his feet. He set the still half full glass down and eyed the noticeably empty bottle, “Yeah, yeah. Suppose I have.”
He pushed the sheet back, laying down and bringing the thick wool with him, the buttons cool against his skin. He pushed his nose into the collar, hopeful, but with no luck.
Sherlock suppressed a slight shiver. His last name sounded entirely different coming from John’s mouth. It wasn’t cross like people usually said it. It was almost…
Ms. Hudson, on the other hand, had had exactly the reaction Sherlock had predicted when he walked into 221B. She’d screamed, cried, screamed again when he placed a gentle hand on her arm, and proceeded to alternate between the two for the next hour. Sherlock could barely focus on her however, only being able to think about how, as she wrapped him in a very tight hug, he would do anything to have experienced this reaction twice that night.
“It’s probably no surprise to you that the criminal underworld is backed by drug and blood money. There’s no way we could dismantle the network without cutting off the flow of funds. We must have shut down five cocaine factories in Venezuela and Colombia alone.” Sherlock’s eyes flicked up to John’s face. “Spent some time in Afghanistan too for the same reason.” The former soldier nodded slowly.
“I’d say that it’s highly likely that Callahan knew his killer. They’d arranged to meet here for a sexual liaison; the victim books the room under an assumed name. Let’s the killer in, they start kissing and caressing each other judging by his lips and the fact that Harvey’s shirt is undone. They get on the bed, the killer on top which is when they pulled out the knife and carried out the attack. Have you found his phone anywhere?” Sherlock got down to his knees carefully and looked under the bed for any evidence.
“Doctor Watson. What’ve you got?” John asked, supressing another yawn, he was on call for the Met this afternoon, which meant he could be summoned at a moment’s notice. Like now. “Alright, text me the address and I’ll be right there. I’ll need my spare kit.” The doctor cut off the call and put his basket on the shelf in the freezer, he didn’t like just abandoning his shopping for someone else to put away but he had a job to do.
“I don’t know, why don’t you tell me, Mr Married-To-My-Work?” John replied heatedly, internally cursing when the detective used the remote to turn the tv off, removing his excuse for keeping his eyes fixed on it. He dropped his gaze to his lap instead, beginning to pick at a frayed seam.
“I didn’t do it because I wanted your gratitude, Sherlock! I wanted your forgiveness because I failed you!” John’s voice broke and he turned his back on his friend’s shocked face as he choked on his words. “I couldn’t p-protect you… I couldn’t save y- Christ! I can’t! I can’t deal with this!” John turned around and looked towards the stairs in desperation, shaking and almost overcome with emotion. Sherlock knew that a John overwhelmed usually led to a John going ‘Out’ and possibly staying away all night, so the detective moved into John’s path to block his exit route.
“Sherlock, where’s my grey suit?” John asked in a clipped tone as he came down the stairs, having searched every nook and cranny on the third floor for it. The detective was sitting at the kitchen table looking through his microscope and pointedly ignoring him. John sighed and headed into their shared bedroom to look in there. He was more careful in his search because Sherlock had some sort of clothes filing system that he didn’t like being messed up.
“What are you trying to tell me, John?” Sherlock’s voice was barely above a whisper, knowing that his friend was baring his soul to him right now, so he wanted to make sure he got the message.
When John had finally got accepted for locum work at Sarah’s practice, he was relieved to be finally paying his own way again. It took some time but John eventually paid Sherlock back for his share of the food and the other bills that the detective had covered for him when John was short. Not that Sherlock probably noticed, if John had been that way inclined, he could have emptied the detective’s account more than three times over.
“Over a pint usually, I’ve got a few tales of my own from when I was training or about things that happened when I was on the beat.” The Inspector shrugged and grinned to himself. “Dunno why you are so jealous, stories about lads larking about and getting into trouble isn’t really your thing anyway.”
“You should get a hot bath, dearie, you slept in your chair last night, didn’t you? No wonder you’re so sore, poor thing.” Mrs Hudson fussed over John as he dropped his hand from his war wound with a self-conscious clearing of his throat.
They got back to their room and John pushed Sherlock into the tiny bathroom, he let the sink start filling with water while he grabbed the kit. When the doctor came back, the detective was sitting on the closed lid of the loo, grumpy and grumbling to himself. John picked up a small flannel and dipped it into the warm water.
“I’m glad you enjoyed it so much, that made it worth the effort so it’s something I’ll definitely do again in the future. Shall we see if there’s anything good to shout at on the tv?” Sherlock asked and John agreed with a grin, he got up carefully and used his crutch to go into the living room heading for the couch. It was easier for him to see the telly from there, plus he could raise his sprained knee by putting it up on the coffee table.
“Get dressed and grab your coat or we’re going to be late.” The detective declared to his bemused flatmate. “I took the liberty of booking you an appointment for a skin prick test with an allergist, so we can be absolutely sure that we won’t have a repeat of earlier this week.” John just blinked at him for a second before seemingly deciding it was easier just to go along with it than argue.
“No, maybe for a honeymoon but not for an average holiday. There’s plenty of ways to get away without it costing an arm and a leg.” He didn’t mention that the first time he’d travelled outside the British Isles had been with the Army either. John checked the time on his watch. His appointment was ten minutes ago, maybe he could head home soon.
you’d spend four figures on?” Mycroft asked with a curious note in his voice, he didn’t seem to be trying very hard to change John’s mind, maybe he recognised a lost cause when he saw one. John made a humming noise as he wracked his brains.
Liquid morphine was only available outside the traditional clinical settings for palliative care, to ease pain at the end of life. Cancer nurses carried it to administer it as needed, however carers and family members were often taught how to medicate the patients due to a lack of resources to fully cover the demand. John used this information to surmise that he’d been kidnapped by someone who had cared for the terminally ill recently, either professionally or personally.
Later when they were safely back in Baker Street, they’d ordered in enough food to feed the entire postcode, sat on the floor in front of the fire and watched all the Lethal Weapon movies back to back. Full to bursting with tears of laughter in his eyes, Sherlock had looked at John’s profile in the light cast by the fire and one word came to mind: Beautiful.
Sherlock was grateful for the rescue, letting John pull him to his feet. Sherlock was a little unsteady but the doctor put an arm around his waist to support him. Lestrade put Chen in the back of his squad car after telling the other two to report to New Scotland Yard tomorrow for their statements. John was about to call for a taxi when a black sedan pulled up to them.
“Don’t worry about that, I’ll sort it. You just focus on you.” Sherlock told him, using his tall person magic to seemingly summon a cab from nowhere. He held the door open for John who climbed in carefully and sank into the faux leather seating, directing the driver to Baker Street. “I hope you paid him back for all the pain you’re in.”
Ten minutes later, John came out tentatively, he couldn’t help thinking that it would have taken his father months to save up and buy this suit, and that was assuming he’d forgone bills and food completely in the meantime. When Sherlock caught sight of him, he looked like he might have squealed in delight if he wasn’t a thirty-something adult male.
“It’s not to scare anyone. I just want money; he’s obviously loaded with the way he talks and dresses and you’re his best mate. I don’t want to hurt you, but I will if he doesn’t pay up. Now look at me.” The man said as he raised the camera and John gave him his best ‘the fuck is my life’ face, blinking away the stars from the flash.
“Shut your god damn mouth, Sherlock!” John’s tone demanded compliance, a relic of his army days. John stood up and glared at Sherlock. “You have no business being angry with me for struggling to cope. You can get mad at Moriarty for trying to destroy you or yourself for leaving me behind but don’t you dare shout at me for grieving hard… that was my ‘role’ remember?” The doctor snatched the bottle of pills from Sherlock, intending to put them in his bag so he could get them recycled safely the next time he went to work at the hospital.
It was then that the doctor noticed that someone had covered him with a blanket at some point and when he caught sight of the tea tray on the table, he realised it had to be Mrs Hudson. There was a teapot with a tea cosy on it along with a plate of scones and a jar of jam. John lent forward to feel the porcelain, it was still warm enough for a decent cuppa, so he decided to go have a quick shower before breakfast.
“Now? Seriously? You want to have this conversation right now?” John asked in an incredulous tone, glancing over to see Sherlock’s expectant face. “Fine… women, I’ve slept with twelve total. Kissed and dated more, my army mates make me sound like some sort of rampant lothario but really, that’s all. As for men, well, there was Harvey and the other guy...”
“Explain.” Never had so much been said in so little words. Sherlock took a deep breath, knowing that whatever he said next was likely to be decisive in whether John ever forgave him. Sherlock clasped his hands behind his back to centre himself as he paced slowly at a respectful distance from the doctor.
“Your face is way too recognisable nowadays for you to pull off a bluff like that, you have your own doctor to thank for that. You shouldn’t have left him behind, you know. Even if you said you were looking in to me and he comes to my house, he’ll never think to search for you here.” Dr Chen was unarmed from what Sherlock could see, he needed to stall for time to come up with a plan.
“Come again? Doing what exactly? Discussing cheese?” Lestrade came over and sank down to sit next to Sherlock who was already on the site, looking through the posts that Callahan had made.
“Ha freaking ha. No, dickhead, there’s CCTV cameras over there and if Mrs Price was coming straight from her place to the cliffs then there’s a good chance those takeaways caught her on tape.” John explained bad-temperedly, folding his arms over his chest when the detective turned back to him.
“You, me and the jacuzzi tub, if you must know.” Sherlock cast his gaze sideways to see John flush up to the tips of his ears and grinned before he remembered something. “I know you didn’t appreciate this question the last time I asked it, but we’re not in public this time and we’re together now so I hope it’s ok. How many people have you been with?” John almost missed his footing at the unexpected enquiry but he managed to recover before they face planted into the gravel.
“How come you’re working out here and not in the gym?” Sherlock seemed to find his voice again finally. John breathed carefully, exhaling when he pulled himself up and inhaling when he returned to the starting position.
understands how big of an uncompromising presence Sherlock is in my life… Why? Do you know someone who’d be willing to have me?” They’d already arrived at Baker Street but John didn’t make a move to get out yet, curiosity piqued.
“Yeah, I… might’ve lied… about that…” John swore in pain as he was carefully lowered on to his back, ignoring the venomous look Sherlock threw at him, struggling for breath. “I broke a… rib. Maybe punctured… a lung.” The chest pain was becoming extreme now and the lack of oxygen was making John’s vision fuzzier around the edges.
The next afternoon, Sherlock was in the kitchen doing an experiment when his phone buzzed with a message from John, his flatmate had been called in by the Met for Medical Examiner duties. As the body was of an elderly lady in a care home, the likelihood of it being anything interesting was virtually nil so the detective had opted to stay behind rather than tag along.
“I don’t need to blog the cases, as you said, I write them up for my own pleasure and that’s enough, that’s fine. It’s all fine. Fine.” The doctor’s voice was becoming quieter and quieter and he folded in on himself as he spoke, putting pressure on his still very tender ribs and torso. John heard a rustle of cloth and suddenly there were gentle hands on his shoulders, coaxing him to uncurl and lay back.
“Where to next? We need to get this guy soon, for Greg’s sake if nothing else.” John asked as they left the backroom and went back into the main shop. He was watching Sherlock carefully, recognising the signs that things were beginning to click into place in that magnificent mind of his. The doctor also knew that look usually meant the detective going off on his own to confirm or disprove his theories.
“I’ll tell you what I am… bored out of my mind. It wasn’t so bad the first couple of days as the morphine pretty much made me sleep 90% of the time and the other 10% was funny because I was off my face.” John half grumbled as he used the remote to adjust the head of his bed.
“What? What on Earth are you talking about, John?” Sherlock blinked in surprise as he shot a look at his brother for an answer. Mycroft merely indicated towards the TV with his head. John had looked down at his feet and shifted his weight, which he tended to do when he felt uncomfortable.
“I wanted to see if your coconut allergy had been spotted before and you’d just forgotten about it and also whether you had any others. No on both counts.” The detective answered as the kettle popped. John headed back to it and prepared the tea, bringing the mugs into the living room and sitting on his chair. “I have spotted something that’s quite intriguing though, apart from routine vaccinations there’s no entries for you during your childhood up until your mid-teens.”
John was up in his room, standing on a chair as he fixed a portable pull-up bar on the frame of his door. The doctor checked it would take his weight by hanging from it briefly. Satisfied it would hold, he gripped the bar with both hands, pulling himself in to a single chin-up before kicking the chair out of the way so he wouldn’t get caught on it.
“His lips are swollen, interesting... John, wha-” Sherlock glanced over and stopped short. His friend and colleague had gone as white as a sheet, a sheen of sweat breaking out over his forehead. “John, you’ve ceased breathing. What on Earth is wrong?” The doctor snapped out of his trance and reeled backwards away from the bed until he hit the wall.
“When? He’s never told me about anything like that.” Sherlock walked over to the graduation picture he’d been looking at before they found John. Lestrade gave Sherlock a weird look at hearing the petulant tone.
Sherlock thought as he heard the front door open and sat up, straightening out the rumples in his suit jacket. When John came down the stairs wearing the dark blue uniform of an emergency A&E doctor, he jumped slightly when he spotted his visitor but he recovered quickly.
“John? I’ve taken the liberty of bringing you some clothes and your dressing gown. They are just outside the door, let me know if you require my assistance with placing your plasters.” Sherlock’s voice floated through and John couldn’t help but smile to himself.
“There’s a couple that are being persistent, nothing that I can’t handle really. They are just wanting to paint me in a bad light because I ripped them a new one at that live press conference and they can’t believe I wasn’t in on it.” John replied, putting his mug down so he could grab a couple of the biscuits to address the gnawing hunger in his stomach.
that John wouldn’t be able to lift his arm to put on a t-shirt and buttons would also be a problem, so he’d just brought him some pyjama bottoms, thick socks and the gown. The doctor dried himself and stood in front of the mirror as he opened a fresh box of lidocaine plasters. He ended up placing four in several different areas, normally he could get away with only one or two.
“You alright over there?” There was a smirk in Sherlock’s voice that told John that the detective knew exactly what he was doing. He felt a flush of embarrassment and humiliation creeping up his face and a surge of anger made him straighten his spine on instinct.
A client from Heacham had emailed him with a link to an article from a local newspaper, a woman had fallen to her death while walking along the cliffs in nearby Hunstanton the night before. However, the accompanying email pointed out some strange discrepancies. Firstly: the deceased (34 year old Holly Walters) was a native and knew those cliffs very well. Secondly: the day of the accident was clear, dry and without fog, lessening the likelihood of Ms Walters simply missing her footing and falling to her death.
“It’s ok, I understand your reasons… and I know you wish I’d let you spoil me more often. I’m never going to be a kept man, but I’ll work on accepting the fact you want to spend money on me on occasion.” John reached into an inside pocket and pulled out a bank card. “Though you paid for this suit, it felt fair, seeing as you hid my other one.”
“I suppose you’ve probably had worse injuries chasing after my youngest all over the place.” Violet shot Sherlock a warm smile. “I’m glad he’s found someone like you. Someone who can protect him, patch him up and stand up to him so he doesn’t get too used to getting his own way all the time. You tell me if he ever starts taking you for granted though and I’ll sort him out for you.”
“Bit not good, Sherlock.” His friend huffed and muttered under his breath. The paramedics arrived and started working on John, but Sherlock kept his position up by the doctor’s head while they hooked him up to a heart monitor, oximeter and put an IV in.
Sherlock went back to what he was working on, looking at a slide in his microscope and taking notes with his hand as he went. He didn’t glance up again until he heard footsteps on the stairs, that’s when he realised that a whole hour had passed him by. John didn’t greet him as he came into the kitchen, instead he went straight for the sink, filling a small glass with water and taking a long swig.
“Don’t pout at me, you’re a grown man! …As I was trying to say, I was left with nothing when you were gone because pretty much everything I was doing before involved you. It’s not healthy to be so dependent on another person so I’m going to keep on working for the hospital and the Met. I’ll help you out on the cases but I’m not going to be at your beck and call, ok?” John watched Sherlock’s face to make sure he was actually listening and not just humouring him.
“Where to now?” John asked as he caught up with the detective before the doors closed, hitting the button for the ground floor.
“Oh yeah, it’s a memento… and well, a glorified paperweight now. It belonged to my fr-” When he turned his eyes back a moment later, gone was Mr Doyle and Sherlock Holmes was standing in his stead with the widest smile on his face.
a fraud.” Though his voice was strong and clear, John himself looked tired, his eyes were dull and Sherlock could tell he’d lost a lot of weight. He unconsciously began to chew his bottom lip as John continued.
“Feeling sorry for her won’t help her, you know.” Sherlock commented over his shoulder in reflex as he browsed framed photographs of various events and campaigns Madison had had a hand in organising as part of her employer’s diversity strategy.
The doctor hit the ground hard with the most sickening thud Sherlock had ever heard. He felt bile rising in his throat, his ears full of white noise as he finally made his leaden legs move again. The detective threw himself down on his knees next to John’s still body, not noticing the glass cutting his shins as he reached his shaking hand to hover over his friend’s face and chest before pressing his fingers to his neck to feel for a pulse, he was still alive.
The ex-soldier hadn’t minded which option it was, as long as he was allowed to continue basking in the brilliance of the most amazing person he’d ever met. The fact Sherlock considered him his friend was more than enough; John would have done anything to stay close to him, anything to protect him. Still would, in fact.
“Venus… then Earth, Ma- AH!” Mr Coulter cried out in pain but his elbow was back in the socket and he wouldn’t remember this once the medication wore off. John smiled as the nurse gave him a grateful pat on his forearm, about to say something when a patient with a severe head injury started fitting in another bay, pulling his attention away again.
“Sherlock? Are you ok? What’s wrong?” John switched the tv off with the remote and stood from the couch, approaching his friend. “You’re shaking like a leaf! …Come on, let’s get you a cup of tea, you haven’t even taken your coat off.” John herded his unusually silent flatmate into the kitchen, taking off his jacket, hanging it on the back of a chair and making a mug of tea for them both.
“Really? That’s a reduction in rank, right there. Makes you wonder what he did to deserve a demotion.” The detective got back to his feet. “And as for the phone, if our killer just wanted to destroy it, they’d have done that and left it in the bathroom. No, they’ve taken it for another reason. Well, I think I’ve got everything I can from here. Let’s go check out Callahan’s place.”
John followed the path from the beach up to the cliff, the slight incline and distance warming his muscles against the bite of the wind. He found Sherlock already up there, he was kneeling and looking at some footprints in the sandy ground through his magnifier.
“Would you stop scowling already? I had a shower! It’s not like I climbed on the roof to replace the tiles.” John was sitting in his chair in his dressing gown, his hair still slightly damp while Sherlock silently seethed at the kitchen table, looking at slides on his microscope.
“Thanks, Phil, if I wasn’t awake before then I am now.” John blinked the last few tears away and took in the room properly for the first time. The living room look like a tip exploded. Empty vodka bottles, beer cans, pizza boxes and cigarette butts littered the room. Whatever colour the carpet used to be, it was now a mottled brown with stains and threadbare patches.
“I wasn’t flirting, I was distracting her, like you asked me to.” John picked up a small tube to apply a thin layer of cream over the graze. “But keep pushing, see where it gets you.” Despite the increasing heat in his words, his hands remained gentle.
They sat like that for some minutes before John carefully put his gun down on the floor next to him, he shifted his legs so he was sitting cross legged and hugged himself tightly around his torso with both arms. Sherlock saw his friend take one shuddering inhale, holding it until the exact moment when John finally let go. Tears welled up in blue eyes and he let them spill out uncensored, tracing his cheeks until they dripped on to his bare forearms.
for John from his brother, the insufferable bore probably knew about it before even the detective did. Neither mentioned it because they both knew that Sherlock had no intentions of acting on those feelings, for reasons they both understood and agreed upon… until now so it seemed.
The door at the top of the stairs swung open, letting in a bright beam of natural sunlight. Assuming it was still morning, that meant the cellar was connected to a room that faced to the south. A young man came down the steps clutching a polaroid camera, but that wasn’t what caught John’s attention, his captor was wearing a fabric long life carrier bag that he’d butchered into a mask over his head.
“Don’t read me like that, Sherlock, that’s not fair! But I know there’s no use in lying to you, so yeah, I’ve wanted you for longer than I care to admit. I never intended to tell you, I know how strongly you feel about sentiment and I didn’t want to ruin what we already have.” John picked up his glass and gulped it down in one to soothe his drying mouth, dearly wishing that it
“As for me, I threw myself at the books. I was in the highest set for all my subjects, took up rugby as an extracurricular activity, joined the school orchestra… all for nothing. They never went to a single show, match or parents evening. Pretty sure none of my secondary school teachers even knew what my mum and dad looked like. So, I went to medical school on a full merits-based scholarship and they were no-shows at my graduation ceremony.” John picked at some fluff on the sleeve of his jumper, trying not to let his bitterness show on his face.
“We’ve never met… not officially. But your husband sorted out access to my kids after my divorce, I remember the secretary and I just felt I had to come by and offer my condolences. Sorry, I know this is a little creepy.” John shifted his feet and glanced upwards from beneath his fringe that had fallen across his eyes.
body.” Sherlock answered, practically giddy at the thought of John wearing this beautiful suit, whereas John was debating whether it was worth over or under eating for the next week and a half to make sure it didn’t fit.
Behind him and to the left, was Doctor John Watson in formal clothes but standing at parade rest, with a tearfully happy Mrs Hudson holding tightly on to his right arm. Sherlock smiled to himself, it was so good to see them again, even just on screen.
When they pulled back up at Baker Street, Sherlock didn’t wait for John. He tore out of the car before it had even really stopped, flying up the stairs into 221b and grabbing his violin to have an atonal chat with it. He heard the doctor come up the stairs and head straight into the kitchen to make tea.
Ever since being forcibly confronted with his friend’s mortality twice in the same day, Sherlock had been a bit overprotective, or completely suffocating if John was asked for his opinion on the matter. It was heart-warming really, if a little annoying at times. It was nice to know that someone cared but it had been two weeks now, John hoped his flatmate would calm down and stop mothering him soon.
“What’s up?” John listened for a moment before pinching the bridge of his nose in frustration. “…Harry, it’s not even three o’clock in the afternoon and you’re already in this state… alright, fine, I’ll come and get you. Where are you? …Ok, stay there.” John hung up with a weary groan as he got to his feet.
It was late when the pair of them got back to their room. They’d managed to find footage of Aimee Price walking towards the cliff at half 6pm on Friday. They presented everything to the police: the affair and subsequent pregnancy, the phone message placing Holly on the cliff, the fact Mr Price had left his mobile at home and the CCTV evidence. A warrant was issued and Mrs Aimee Price was arrested on suspicion of murder.
“No, I will apologise even if he doesn’t think I owe him one. I’ve been a right bastard to him and he didn’t actually deserve it.” John replied with a small shake of his head, his shoulder was bothering him so he began stretching it out as he spoke. These exercises were so familiar to him, he could probably do them in his sleep.
“Why up here and not the morgue?” Sherlock asked as he turned his collar up to try and stay a bit warmer. John got to his feet to greet him; he was physically shivering as he blew into his freezing hands.
“I have two sets of women’s boot prints. These were Ms Walters’.” The detective pointed to the set closer to the edge. “You can see here that she stumbled, probably when she was slapped, then you can see the ground slipped here and she fell.” John felt his heart jump into his throat when Sherlock got very close to the overhang.
They were back at Baker Street before he knew it. Sherlock got out of the car without a backwards glance, he needed to talk with John.
“Don’t say sorry to him, you’ll only make him even more smug and insufferable. It’s not like he has any feelings you can hurt.” Sherlock grumbled as he took a sip of his drink and grimaced, he hadn’t put enough sugar in it, opting to dunk a custard creme in it instead.
“I don’t doubt it, you are the most determined and dedicated person I know.” The compliment nearly made the doctor lose his internal count and he felt his face flush a little, hoping it would be written off as exertion. He was about to reply when Sherlock’s phone rang and he made a noise of disgust when he saw the caller.
“…Like you’re suffering from pain induced sleep deprivation due to multiple rib fractures?” The detective supplied helpfully with a sympathetic smile. “Don’t worry about it, the clothes you are wearing aren’t as important as your excellent company.” John grinned at him, he loved when Sherlock was in one of these moods; when he was engaging, charming, considerate and he was free with his compliments, his smile and his rich deep laugh.
“I’m having a reaction to something already; I want to scratch my back until it bleeds.” The doctor was practically twitching with the way his skin felt like it was crawling. “You probably memorised what thing she put where, can you tell which one or ones it is?” Sherlock got up from his chair and looked at his friend’s back carefully.
“Alright, if that’s what you think is for the best, then sure. I’ll get the girl’s address from the employee records and get in touch if I find anything.” John gave Sherlock a sincere smile and nod, which his friend returned before he strode out of the shop to flag down a passing taxi.
“If you’re hungry, John, then don’t let me stop you. I’ll just be here, searching for evidence.” Sherlock spoke in a condescending tone with a wave of his arm as he went back to looking around.
According to his LinkedIn profile, Dr Li Jie Chen was a veritable pillar of the community, a second generation migrant. Twenty five years of experience at the cutting edge of modern surgery under some of the biggest names in the medical world. Self-evidently not blind but the activity on his profile indicated a dedication to causes that support and help the blind.
“We plan to keep him here for observation until we’re certain the kidney bleed has stopped, then we’ll have him admitted to one of the normal wards for the remainder of his stay.” She told them in a slightly lowered tone as she opened the curtains. John was seemingly sleeping; he was covered in wires and tubes that Sherlock identified automatically as his eyes scanned his friend.
“Fair enough. I’ll go back to examining it’s molecular structure so I can identify it if I come across it at a crime scene.” Sherlock took the tub and headed for his microscope in the kitchen. “Not often I have experiments I can eat after.” John smiled to himself as he listened to the detective’s musings, grabbing the paper to read.
“Nice work, Doc, here, do the honours.” Lestrade handed his handcuffs to the doctor who was now kneeling on Patrick’s back to stop him getting away as the DI finished reading him his rights. “Spotted a bloody knife still inside the couch, so it looks like it’ll be an open and shut case, thanks to you!” John got to his feet while a couple of uniformed police officers picked Underwood up to take him back to the station.
“I wouldn’t run anywhere in this; I’m hardly daring to breathe right now. And most people can’t tell the difference between one fabric and another by sight alone. I know I can’t.” John turned and shrugged helplessly in the face of Sherlock’s stunned and slightly disgruntled expression. “If I wear this to the dinner, I’m going to be as stiff as a board and your parents will think I’m an idiot because I’ll be too uncomfortable to be myself.”
“I’m fine, thank you… but do I even know you?” Mrs Price looked bemused, but John’s sympathetic approach had disarmed her somewhat. John looked down at his feet, feeling a blush coming to his cheeks.
“I wanted somewhere quiet, the morgue has pathologists who might have distracted me… and Molly’s not my favourite person right now, either.” John admitted as he stuck his hands in his pockets. “This is the first time I’ve been back to Barts; you know. Not even one step on the grounds in two years. Though at one point it felt like I came here every single night in my dreams.” Sherlock searched John’s face, trying to anticipate his decision. But he couldn’t read his expression for once.
“Maybe Moriarty would have still found a way to manipulate Sherlock into jumping that day, even without the witch-hunt, but now we’ll never know. The truth has finally come out but a great man is still dead and we all have to live with that, including me… Thank you for your time, I won’t be taking any questions and please, go fuck yourselves.” John turned from the podium as the room erupted in noise and flashes, Doctor Watson ignored the press clamouring for his attention and offered Mrs Hudson his arm again as they quickly left the room.
“But as you’ve just explained, you put aside your caring nature to be able to work at peak performance. It’s not your capacity for sentiment that makes you good at your job.” Mycroft watched as John carefully stretched out his aching shoulder, wincing as bones cracked and popped.
“Yes and no.” Sherlock answered as he pulled in the fabric of the jacket at the waist in an attempt to show John what a more fitted suit would look like. “The grey is a nice colour for you, it was a tough choice between that and the blue. Now go and try on the other one.” John nodded and allowed himself to be pushed back towards the bathroom.
There were some makeup items, a hairbrush, a spare pair of flat shoes and other things that would be expected in an average handbag. Her purse and mobile had been logged separately.
“Yes, I would have never guessed that he was Scottish, there’s absolutely no trace of the accent anywhere.” Violet added, she had her hand over the doctor’s where they rested on the table between them.
“Why, Mr Holmes, if I didn’t know better then I’d say you were trying to flatter me.” The doctor picked up his own wine glass with a mischievous glint in his eyes as he teased. He’d never had a friend that he had such an easy rapport with, either before or since. They could go from shouting at one another to rolling around in hysterics in next to no time without batting an eyelid.
“So, you reckon Arnold Teller was up to no good with the firm and his missus knew something about it but did nothing?” Lestrade asked pertinently and the detective hummed an affirmative noise. “But if that’s true then why punish Madison and not the husband?”
“Between you, the hospital and the Met, I barely have enough time to eat, shower and sleep, never mind blogging or anything else.” John sounded exasperated as he watched Sherlock put an unnecessary amount of honey on his stolen breakfast. “Speaking of which, I need to go change, I’ve got an A&E shift. Don’t call me unless something’s on fire or someone’s dying. Have a good day!” The detective grunted an acknowledgement at him as he left the kitchen.
“Wait a minute! You’re Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, aren’t you? I thought I recognised you… is it true that you can look at someone for five seconds and know their life story?” It was slightly amusing to watch a forty-odd year old man going starry eyed over someone but John managed to bite back his laugh.
“Who knew? Mycroft, presumably, but was anyone else in on it?” John asked him, managing to get the words out around the lump in his throat. There was a paradoxical wave of understanding that passed over the doctor’s face at realising that the elder Holmes wasn’t as cold and unfeeling as he’d thought, the lack of visible grief making sense finally.
“Because I’ve always tried to do things the right way! Those two weren’t the first people that I’ve caught stealing from those less fortunate than them. I must have reported… God, a dozen or so instances in the past. To the companies, the charities, even the police. And
Greg took out the picture from the file and started studying the photos at one end while Sherlock took the other, pulling out his pocket magnifier. They’d been looking for a few minutes when the DI piped up.
“That was seven months ago. Since the live evidence phase of the Inquiry closed, he’s been working in the Accident & Emergency department of the University College Hospital. After the report was published, Detective Inspector Lestrade extended a personal invitation for Dr Watson to assist the Metropolitan Police as a part time Medical Examiner, which was probably why it was accepted.” Mycroft replied before he suppressed a yawn behind his glass.
Sherlock pulled on a pair of latex gloves and opened the handbag. It was a designer handbag, something that shouldn’t have been within a legal secretary’s budget.
“Very impressive.” Sherlock fixed John with a look of pride and admiration. “Nice idea to use your dictaphone to cover the fact you were on to him.” Normally when Sherlock praised his former flatmate in the past, his face would light up in appreciation of the rare recognition, but in this instance, he just half shrugged in discomfort.
“Oh really? Care to tell me which insipid emotion is related to trust then, hmm?” Sherlock glared down at the ex-soldier’s face, watching as his friend chewed the inside of his cheek for a moment, swallowing before he spoke.
The detective was quiet, introspective and well behaved for the remainder of the time it took John to finish his meal, seeming to realise that he’d overstepped an unspoken boundary. It reminded the doctor that even though his friend was much better at navigating social interactions and people, at times he still needed a gentle ‘bit not good’ to nudge him back on track. Or occasionally a slightly stronger reprimand as in this case.
“I think that this man, Harvey Callahan, obviously had a profound impact on John’s life if he was able to recognise him instantly after all these years, especially considering the unnatural expression on the face of the deceased.” Sherlock replied as he turned back to the DI, who blinked at him.
“Oh, you can’t wear that cheap off the peg thing, John, you’ll need a bespoke suit, I’ll make you an appointment with my tailor.” Sherlock placed his violin across his knees as he pulled his phone out of his pocket, about to sort that out when the doctor interrupted him.
“I have to say, I didn’t think he’d send in the big guns so soon.” John stated once he’d answered the call, he heard Mycroft give a small huff of amusement. The pair of them got along better than they used to, they might not always see eye to eye but they respected each other.
The former soldier took advantage of the fact his legs hadn’t been bound to stand and investigate a little further. He saw a flight of stairs leading to a door, he imagined it was probably locked, not that he had hands to try the door handle at any rate. There was no natural light so John was trying to be careful in his movements, however as he walked the perimeter of the cellar, a leg of the chair caught on a tarpaulin over some boxes and kicked up a cloud of dust.
“He trained cadets in team building, usually through sports like rugby and football. Apparently, he also used to teach wrestling to the recruits but he’d dropped that before I came to the Academy.” Sherlock and Greg shared a glance for a fraction of a second at the implications of that little snippet of information.
John handed them over without a fuss, Sherlock ran John’s hand under the cold tap briefly, hoping to irrigate the wounds and reduce some of the pain at the same time. The detective was using a clean flannel to dab it dry when his friend was finally ready to speak.
“Well, either you were the absolute paragon of health…” Sherlock put the papers down and steepled his fingers together as he spoke. “…or more likely, you were never taken to the doctors, regardless of whether you were sick or not.” The detective could tell he’d got it right when John sank back into his chair with a deep sigh of resignation, sipping at his tea for a moment before he spoke again.
“I just got sick of them always implying that you’re some sort of ‘hanger on’ when really you’re a vital part of proceedings.” Sherlock replied as they took a seat each inside the little café. John grabbed a menu and smiled at his friend.
“Don’t worry about that, street CCTV caught him so we know who we are looking for.” Lestrade pulled out a sandwich he’d also purchased at the hospital café. “Don’t suppose I can convince you to eat half of this?” He asked, more in hope than expectation. Greg got precisely the look he was anticipating but the door opened before he could answer.
“Why am I upset about that?! I don’t regret killing him! He was evil! He destroyed me!” The young man sniffled and wiped his eyes. “Once I’d calmed down, I went into the bathroom and cleaned myself up. I scrubbed the knife, changed my clothes and doused everything in bleach. I grabbed Harvey’s phone intending to delete our messages when I had the impulse to take it. I was going to use it to track down the others and kill them too… but I’m so pathetic, I don’t have the stomach to kill again.” Now Morgan’s binge drinking was making sense, he was feeling guilty for the murder and was distressed by that fact, angry and feeling hopeless.
intriguing. You look at the bedroom and see, what? A hotblooded crime of passion, perhaps? Then look at the bathroom and see a premeditated and meticulously planned murder by someone who has no intention of being caught easily.”
“Yes, we were hoping you could help us with some information?” Lestrade pulled out his notebook and opened it. “You said that the deceased was an instructor here? What exactly did he do?”
“Oh, John dear, what have you done to your hands?” Mrs Holmes took the hand nearest to her and turned it palm up to reveal the reddened and slightly scraped skin. Sherlock took a hold of the other one to find that it was in a similar state.
“What about Lestrade? He was bound to get a lot of heat for allowing me to help on all those cases. You promised to do what you could for him.” The slight twitch of Sherlock’s eyebrow was a tell of his, betraying his anxiety. Greg Lestrade had been very good to him, even when Sherlock just showered him with constant abuse.
“Why? Are you finally going to snap and tell me to shove it for good?” Sherlock was on a roll; his claws were out, ready to tear into anyone in his path, leaving nothing but blood and destruction in his wake.
“Sher-?” John slurred, cracking his eyes open fractionally. He gasped as he presumably remembered what happened and again tried to sit up. “Where’s he?” John’s eyes darted back and forth, looking for his assailant. Sherlock could hear the sirens; it was too soon for the paramedics so he figured that it must be the police.
Much later and John was watching as Sherlock systematically examined every product, food or otherwise, in their flat for coconut or any derivative thereof, throwing any offending items into a bin bag that he was dragging behind him.
“No, because we all know you’d break that promise within five minutes, loudly insisting that you were fine and not an invalid.” The detective finished and put the phone away. “Lots of people at the Met asked me to wish you well for them, I didn’t get names, irrelevant, easier to assume it was everyone in the building, you’re very popular.” John laughed at that with a shake of his head, glancing at the number of cards on the cabinet by his bed.
“On the contrary, John, I’ve been assessing my performances and I’ve found evidence to suggest that I solve cases an average of 37% faster if you’ve accompanied me on them.” Sherlock had ordered himself a sandwich, probably more to appease John than him actually being hungry. “This trend holds true both before and after my absence… and it’s not just because I can use you as a sounding board either, your presence seems to focus me.”
“We’ve found one of the missing eyes, sir.” She nodded towards a sideboard unit filled with personal knickknacks. Sherlock approached it and saw the eyeball sitting inside the bowl of a golf trophy. “We’re still looking for the ot-”
“Very nice of your brother to arrange a lift home for us.” John commented as he opened the door, letting Sherlock slide in first. On the back seat he found an envelope containing his wallet and phone. Once he’d returned them to his pocket, he turned to watch the city at night, letting his mind wander.
“Well, we could pretend that it’s cider ice wine if we really wanted to.” John answered as he waited until Sherlock was sitting down himself before picking up his cutlery. “I have no idea what brought this on but thank you, this smells delicious and I intend to enjoy every bite.” He used his fork to spear some of the chicken and water chestnuts together with the sweet and sour sauce and brought it to his mouth, a deep groan of appreciation bubbling up from his throat.
“I’m better at the clarinet from a purely technical standpoint, but I like the flute more. God, I haven’t played since before I left home for university.” John adjusted the case as Sherlock flagged down a passing cab. “Can we detour back to the flat so I can drop this off before we head for Falcon’s place?” The detective signalled his agreement by directing the taxi driver to Baker Street before settling back in his seat.
John wasn’t the head of the A&E Department, not by a long shot, but at times of high stress like this, he became the de-facto leader by unspoken agreement. Assessing the situation and prioritising those who can benefit the most from his intervention was as instinctual to him as breathing. The doctor knew he couldn’t save everyone, he didn’t like it much, but he’d rather make those difficult calls than spread himself too thin and save no one.
“The good doctor here caught himself a murderer!” Lestrade declared, pointedly ignoring John’s glare as he filled the others in on how he’d realised the suspect was hiding at the scene and then rugby tackled him to the ground when he tried to escape.
A chill ran down his spine as he sprang into action, running down the remaining steps as he called Greg.
Work.” John found himself raising his head as Sherlock spoke, it was true, he knew the genius held him in very high esteem and valued his friendship. He showed him in numerous small ways all the time. But John had been certain that there was nothing more to it than that.
John had gone almost stir crazy from being stuck in the flat for the last month and a half, so when Mycroft had offered them the use of a cabin near Rydal Water for a week they’d jumped at the chance for a change of scenery. The doctor was mostly rehabilitated, sometimes he still winced if he laughed too hard or got particularly breathless
“I submitted a complaint that Arnold Teller had pocketed over three hundred quid at that gala event. When a couple of weeks went by without me hearing anything, I called in a favour. Someone I knew from the IT department in Allatel told me the complaint was deprioritised and then deleted from the system. Someone using Madison Teller’s access codes.” Flecks of saliva formed at the corners of his mouth as he viciously kicked the pole Sherlock was tied to, sending a vibration through him.
John found the front door and opened it up but as soon as he set one foot outside, he was grabbed and thrown up against the brickwork. A forearm was pressed hard against his throat, the cold muzzle of a gun against his temple and angry grey eyes staring at him.
“And why are you so insistent that I do? I thought you hated my writing?” The doctor blurted out as he rolled the seam of his blanket in his fingers anxiously. “You always went on about how it was romantic drivel, my titles were terrible and I always missed out all the important sciency bits… and I very much doubt my storytelling abilities have improved in the interim.” John risked a glance upwards; Sherlock was staring at him with widened eyes, his lips slightly parted in apparent shock.
“I don’t want to be someone who has ‘got used’ to wearing three grand suits, Sherlock. Not when I’m writing referrals to foodbanks for struggling patients on almost every shift. This isn’t me. It’s never going to be me and I don’t want it to be either.”
“Sherlock just wants to spoil you, surely you could let him indulge on occasion without it insulting your masculinity?” Mycroft heard John exhale sharply and when he spoke again, his irritation was apparent in his tone.
Without giving Falcon time to recover, John grabbed him by the neck and threw him face down to the ground. He knelt on him with his knees in Falcon’s kidneys to stop him from escaping while he opened the green rucksack and rummaged through it.
“John? Are you alright?” Sherlock called through the open sliding doors that led to the kitchen. When John turned towards him, the detective gasped in shock and rushed over. “Your face, John! Your eyelids and lips are swelling up. Can you breathe ok? I think you are having an anaphylactic reaction to something; you need to sit down.”
“Probably, I haven’t spoken to them since my passing out parade after basic training when I called to tell them I was being deployed to the Middle East. Not sure they even know I got shot and discharged.” John replied in an off-hand manner as he got up to take his empty cup in to the kitchen to wash up. Sherlock checked the time on his watch and jumped to his feet.
“I swung by Baker Street on my way here, Mrs Hudson has been stress baking again. There’s enough scones and biscuits in here for the entire ward. Plus, three thermos flasks of your favourite tea.” Sherlock opened the basket and tilted it slightly to show the contents.
“There he is! We were just getting to know Dr Watson while we waited for you.” Sigur Holmes rose from his seat to give his youngest son a hug, which Sherlock tolerated, doing the same with Violet and giving her a kiss on the cheek before he took the seat next to John.
“Every time you’ve gone off on your own for a case since I moved back in. There’s a tracking device I got from an Army contact; it looks like a business card so I slipped it into your wallet. Normally I’ll just check it to make sure you’re where you say you are before going to do whatever it is that I’m meant to be doing. But if you’ve gone somewhere else, I follow along after in secret.” John moved back over to his chair, sinking down into it.
“Christ, that was good. Any time you feel like cooking again, Sherlock, feel free. You don’t need to wait for an invitation.” John pushed his plate away and sat back in his chair with a satisfied noise, patting his full stomach. “Tasted better than a takeaway and it’s bound to be better for you.” The detective piled the plates together, using his long arms to put them in the sink without getting up.
“Here you go, brother mine, a couple of new scratches but otherwise completely intact.” Sherlock handed the tablet over to Mycroft when they reached them. However, John was finding it increasingly hard to breathe. He suddenly had the sinking feeling that he was more seriously injured than he’d initially thought. That’s when he stumbled from dizziness, falling to his hands and knees, gasping in pain.
“I did a lot of indoor analyst work for the next couple of weeks while I recovered. The next area of focus was the Far East. There was a surprisingly large cell in Japan, it mostly focused on technological espionage. Keeping track of advancements and working out how to use them for their own illicit purposes. I was almost able to take the whole thing down from the confines of my tiny cardboard apartment.” Sherlock’s sneer at the memory of that cramped little flat made John giggle.
“It’s fine, my shoulder’s gonna hate me but I’d rather that than risk making a twisted ankle into a sprain or worse. Trust you to go and get injured on the first day here, I tried to warn you about the drop off from the path but you didn’t hear me, what on Earth were you thinking about?” The doctor used his forearm to wipe the sheen of sweat from his forehead before it could get into his eyes.
Sherlock thought as they finally reached the door to the cabin. John reached into his pocket and pulled out the keys, when he unlocked the door, he pushed it open and walked in sideways so he wouldn’t whack Sherlock’s head off the doorframe.
John hoped they would close down the backstreet clinics and charge the dodgy surgeons. They weren’t actually doctors a lot of the time, having had their licenses to practice revoked for one reason or another. There was also an education campaign being launched, aimed at those on the donor transplant lists and their families, explaining the risks inherent in buying an organ off the black market to hopefully cut off the demand at the source.
“Well it was very kind of you to say, but you know I don’t mind being in the background. I don’t do what I do for recognition, the press giving you all the credit doesn’t bother me in the slightest.” John scanned his eyes down the dishes and gave his order to the waitress when she arrived.
“I’ll get someone on it. Come on, let’s head back into London and I’ll drop you off at yours.” Lestrade sighed as he shook his head again, leading them out of the apartment. “No matter how long I do this job for, I never get used to cases like this. Maybe the day the darker side of humanity doesn’t shock and horrify me is the day I should retire…” Sherlock put his hand on Greg’s shoulder and gave it a squeeze in silent solidarity.
“Can you get what you suspect set this off in a clean plastic bag for me? Then wash your hands thoroughly, face as well if you’ve been eating it too.” The detective jumped to his feet to do as he was told.
“Wow.” John didn’t have anything more articulate to say for a moment or two. “I can’t believe you went all over the world, taking down terrorists and other criminals left, right and centre. You’re amazing. It makes my ‘I believe in Sherlock Holmes’ campaign pale in to insignificance really.” The doctor looked down at his lap for a moment, humbled by what his best friend had achieved. He felt a squeeze to his hand and raised his head.
The sound of the double doors of the ward opening made John look around, smiling when Sherlock strode over to him, carrying a small wicker basket. The detective grinned back at him and placed the basket on the edge of the bed.
“Why didn’t you just kill Arnold Teller and the shop girl, Alice? Why go for Madison and Ms Barrett, Dr Chen?” The detective knew that vigilante types loved the chance to expound on the righteousness of their cause and Chen was no different.
John had turned to walk to the kitchen when he was pulled back in to Sherlock’s chest, lean but strong arms wrapped around him as lips were pressed against his insistently. The detective ran his tongue along John’s bottom lip to encourage him to open his mouth, diving inside to lay claim to it once he did so.
“Hey! That’s your ridiculously expensive hand moisturiser, you don’t have to throw that out. It’s not like I’m going to use it, so it’s fine.” John rubbed the crook of his arm where he’d had a load of blood taken earlier. Sitting on the table next to him was a couple of fresh autoinjectors and a box of antihistamines.
“After Harvey picked me up from the other guy’s place, I felt sick, disgusted and used. I had an… epiphany, I guess? I suddenly saw the relationship for what it really was. I broke it off, I told him that I’d report him if he didn’t leave me the hell alone. I’d only enlisted to provoke my parents, it wouldn’t have mattered to me if they’d discharged me, not then at least. He agreed, I graduated and I didn’t see him again until yesterday.” John felt emotionally wrung out, he let his head fall back with his eyes closed.
“I was so enraged that I made a plan for when Arnold was next away, he’d talked about the tournament at the gala, you see. Then sneak a vial or two from work, knowing it wouldn’t be noticed until the next stock take, if even then. It was ridiculously easy.” Chen seemed to flinch, disturbed by the sneer in his voice. He raised a hand to play with his necklace, a locket that no doubt had a picture of his late wife and young daughter in it.
As Sherlock shuffled his chair around, the TV screen flickered to life to show a man standing at a podium in the press room at the Houses of Parliament. The lawyer was telling the journalists gathered that they welcomed the verdict from the Hillman Inquiry into Sherlock Holmes, his cases and the events leading up to his tragic suicide just over a year before.
“Sherlock?” The doctor asked in a confused voice, frowning in concern when he realised that his friend was trembling. He attempted to turn around but the detective tightened his hold and wouldn’t let him.
It had taken a few days of hacking/lurking around the right areas of the internet but it had paid off. There was a shipment of human organs hitting the docks in three days’ time, listed on the manifest as imported Parma ham. The cargo would be packed on to a small refrigerated truck, and according to their information, brought to this industrial estate to be dissipated quickly to the backstreet clinics for individual buyers. The time between arrival and departure would be less than ninety minutes.
Sherlock stood and made a face, “Mycroft could solve this almost as quickly as I could if he’d do a bit of legwork now and again. Lazy sod.”
He stared at John for another moment before he spoke, rattling his drink order off in one breath, “Grande cinnamon dolce with caramel and four shots.”
“We’ll take your case,” Sherlock announced as he herded the man up and towards the door. John starred in shock, first at the blatant use of ‘we’, and secondly at the agreement to assist this man with what, to John, appeared to be a frankly ridiculous story and a waste of time.
Alarmed at how it had got there, it was with caution and weariness that he approached. There was a small card propped up beside it with the words ‘Uniform enclosed’ handwritten on it. John was still a bit leery of it and poked it a few times for good measure before opening it up. Inside were two sets of clothing, each consisting of black trousers and a black shirt. They looked nearly identical to the one he’d been given just a week ago until John shook them both out. The differences were small but quickly identifiable, especially to someone with military history such as himself. Extra pockets in both the trousers and the shirt that were concealed well within the fabric and a slightly sturdier make. And on the shirt, where he’d pinned his nametag previously, the word ‘Doc’ was stitched in white lettering. John wasn’t sure whether to laugh or feel a bit degraded, so simply removed his old clothes and folded them onto his bed and put the new ones on. They fit better than the previous ones, as if they’d been tailored to his dimensions as opposed to factory produced. John thought of the man he’d interviewed with (if one could call it that) and suddenly the thought didn’t seem quite so farfetched.
John grins. He’d always liked Sal, forgotten how well they’d gotten on. “Not quite, but close enough.”
“Sherlock,” he responded. “We haven’t crossed paths since that Johnson file last year, good to see you’re still alive.” He stood up to shake hands and Sherlock graced him with an almost smile.
“Very good John,” Mycroft says after a beat. Sal and Ducky both drag their eyes from Mycroft to the cup and then back. John doesn’t smile, but does tip his head slightly and hand over the piece of paper Sal had written on.
John was in a good mood as he got off from the clinic Friday just after lunchtime. His patients had all been remarkably well mannered today and nobody had insisted on self-diagnosing from the internet, as seemed the craze these days. He disliked those ones even more than he did the screaming toddlers and their constantly apologizing parents.
Major Smith salutes to John, who returns the action out of habit, and pivots away, heading back towards his office.
“Honestly, and you call yourself a doctor. I need your opinion on how many hours post-mortem this photo could have been taken.”
“I’m to take you to Baker Street,” she said crisply. But John could swear she was smiling. He nodded at her and climbed in. And, as he settled into the seat, he pulled out his mobile and re-read his last two messages.
“I’m going to go down and get some food from Speedy’s–want anything?” As expected, Sherlock shook his head, so John headed out quickly. They’d missed lunch and it had been hours since the toast John had eaten only half of on the couch this morning before being interrupted.
John and Sherlock had been about to slip out when Lestrade caught sight of them. One look and John knew that wasn’t happening.
“Tell Sherlock there’s been another,” John’s eyebrows rise at this, eliciting Sherlock’s quick attention, “there’s a car headed your way even now.”
The sun shined almost mockingly as John Watson made his way slowly but purposely down the pavement. The months he’d been home and the physical therapy he’d endured had done little to cure the phantom pain in his leg and he braced his weight ever so slightly on the cane in his hand as he made his way to his therapist’s office. The weekly sessions had also done little in the way of re-acclimating himself to civilian life, but he still showed up, week after week. He sighed wearily as he shuffled in through the door and greeted the receptionist.
Anthea’s eyes narrowed at him and she made the oddest little noise in her throat, as if she’d got stuck halfway between amused and alarmed.
Sal’s eyes widen and his smile grows as he takes in Sherlock. “Tall, dark, and crazy?!” he asks with a wink towards John.
As they ready themselves the next morning, John isn’t sure what to expect of the Holmes estate and its residents. Trying to picture the couple that could have not only produced but also raised both Sherlock and Mycroft is intimidating at the least, terrifying at the worst. Sherlock has rarely spoken of them, though John doesn’t seem to think it is intentional, which makes him at least not specifically fear them or any explicit outcome of the day. That doesn’t mean he isn’t nervous, especially with the number of times Sherlock insists upon using the word estate. Memories of the small house in their council estate growing up has him feeling distinctly out of place before they’ve even arrived. John is pretty sure nothing would surprise him at this point, and is expecting a manor of some kind that would look as if it belonged to landed gentry or amongst the scenes in some Jane Austen adaptation.
“Details.” he bites out. “I assume it’s to do with Lisbon, as well as Cardiff and Dresden.” Major Smith looks pleased while Mycroft simply looks exasperated, but John has grown used to that as his near-permanent expression around Sherlock. John has no idea about anything involving those three cities, let alone when or how Sherlock acquired any information.
“It sounds quite trite, Dr. Watson, but the SIS building has a Starbucks that is looking for a reliable, personable, and trusting barista. And you fit the bill perfectly.”
As he waited for his food, John thought of the enigmatic man he’d seen near the end of his shift. The tall, posh bloke that gulped his still scalding hot coffee as if he didn’t notice it and whom apparently talked to himself. Not to mention his drink order, cinnamon dolce with caramel and four shots was nothing if not memorable. He’d been brusque but not downright rude, hardly noticing him as he ordered, engrossed in a discussion with another man. Most of the customers were friendly and polite, if a bit distant. He supposed it came part and parcel with the environment. He ate in the shop, not ready to head back to being alone quite yet, and it was with a heavier stomach but a lighter gait that John headed back home after eating his whole plate of chicken curry, mango chutney, and naan.
“We have more in common than you like to believe. This petty feud between us is simply childish. People will suffer ... and you know how it always upset Mummy.”
There is much shuffling about and settling in and it is loving and welcoming in a quiet way that still seems to overwhelm Sherlock, if the looks he keeps sending John are indicative of anything. They don’t wait very long before diving into the presents. John and Sherlock had added their handful to the already existing pile under the tree and they all settle into a room that John can’t decide whether it is a second living room or a study.
John has just finished the last bite of his sandwich, and had managed to slip some crisps and apple slices to Sherlock between the cups of tea, when Sherlock jumped up with an exclamation.
“Good. I’m sure I can shock Mycroft into sending a car just by telling him that I am willingly attending. He usually has to drag me,” he tacks on with a smirk.
John sighs and walks into the living room. “You’re right; I didn’t mean it quite like that. Just…thank you. The last few months have been incredible and I owe that to you. I don’t know where I’d be if not for meeting you, that life was killing me.”
“Well, we’ve got two away on holiday this week, and one’s just left to have a baby. Might be a bit mundane for you. Colds, sniffles, vaccines.”
“John here made the connection,” Sherlock drawls out slowly with a smirk, as if showing off a particularly well-bred pet. He taps his cup pointedly.
At five minutes of eight, John made his way slowly to the front pavement to wait. Less than thirty seconds after he came to a stop, a different, yet similar, black car pulled up to the kerb. He opened the door and climbed in without hesitation or argument.
It was Monday morning and Sherlock and John were pacing outside the Thai restaurant. They were early for their stakeout and waiting for Lestrade and his team to show. John was still slightly off kilter from their encounter yesterday, and his fists clenched and unclenched as he paced and Sherlock was a bundle of energy as he walked back and forth along the pavement.
“Your interview will be conducted elsewhere, Dr. Watson,” the woman announced shortly, her eyes not leaving her phone screen as she waited for him. Faltering once more, John was finally graced with eye contact from the woman. The look clearly conveyed that he was being an idiot and should simply get in the car before something worse came along.
After he dressed and readied himself, he spun slowly in a circle and surveyed the flat. He needed to get out. A case would be the perfect distraction he decided, so he headed out the door and into London to find himself one.
They’re walking in circles, or very large ovals, at least as far as John can tell two hours later. And Sherlock has moved past his usual eccentricities into completely new territory.
John almost tore the card up twice over the next few days, but every time, something made him simply set it back down on the small, empty desk. ‘Thursday at 15:00’ it taunted him. It gave him something to look forward to, if nothing else, he supposed. His gun sat in the drawer just below where he placed the card, a stark parallel of remembrance. He did need a job soon. Army pensions were enough to survive on, but only barely, and not even barely in London. And he’d have to move out of the bedsit eventually. He wouldn’t be able to afford anywhere else in London without some other kind of income. And he didn’t think he could survive anywhere but London.
John trudged slowly up the stairs, the shopping and two take away cups slowing his already measured pace even more. His odd meeting with Mycroft had wiped the energy out of him. They
Shedding his coat, John hung it up and removed his shoes before he headed to flip on the kettle. He wasn’t consciously trying to reenact that scene, but it catches him how similar it is and he deliberately stopped and removed himself from the kitchen as Sherlock hung his coat and flopped onto the couch.
Before the doors have even sealed behind them, Sherlock’s pace has picked up and he’s rattling instructions towards John.
Sherlock had somehow taken out two of the men gathered there before the woman pulled out a gun. Sherlock's knowledge of physics and trajectories began stumbling out of his mouth as he endeavored to talk her down. His voice was coming from here and then there and John could only continue to struggle and hope that Sherlock had a plan that was slightly better than his, which was panic and thrash around in about 45 seconds.
“Traces of espresso in each agent’s stomach. And, as John so nicely noted, 4 of the 7 SIS Starbucks are missing agents.”
“It truly is an odd thing we bikers do, riding through miserable conditions like this. We don’t invite then or look for them, surely, but when they are upon us we relish the challenge and silently claim the superiority of adventure over comfort, wilderness over warmth, discovery over certainty.”
“I was picking up this,” he produced a whiskey bottle from his bag. ”I had to leave early as they are fixing a pipe and the pavement is torn up once again. Will they ever be done tearing up that section of road? Us folks have places to go.”
The garden fence was new this year. Watson was tired of having his vegetables, especially the radishes and lettuces, be eaten away by the native rabbit population before he even saw the fruits of his labours.
Mycroft tisked. "What would Mummy think about you smoking out here? Leaving ends in her potted plants of all places." Mycroft took a last drag of his own cigarette and tossed the end in the pile that Sherlock started in the potted plant.
The other motorcycle slowed and came to a stop just short of where he was sitting on the ground feeling sorry for himself. The rider got off his huge touring bike and took of his helmet to reveal shocking red hair. He lumbered over, clearly, he had been on his bike for a while. He stood over Sherlock.
“You bloody idiot!” Watson said turning Holmes over. Light from the lamppost illuminated the growing pool of blood.
Watson dropped the fabric and lifted his face to look at Holmes. “You use those glasses because Mrs Lloyd perfumed-“
Standing in the room before class begins, he notices that most of the students are women. In fact, now that he notices it, most of the people in the studio are women. He spots another guy that seems to be in his class and moves to stand by him.
The radish bed had been finished the previous day by turning the earth over, adding compost, and smoothing the surface. The fence, dutifully guarding nothing, was in place. After a day of working the radish bed and the sudden rain storm, Watson had elected to plant the seeds the next day. He wondered how his seedlings in the other bed had fared the storm. The hopeful beginnings of his garden were already showing. The onions were no longer thin green strings and the peas shoots would need something to climb on soon. Lettuce and other greens were ready to start harvesting. The radishes from his larger bed had already sprouted and were sporting a few new leaves. Those he would not force on Holmes, but would enjoy them alone.
Holmes brought his hand over Watsons. “That jellyfish will not succeed where London’s criminals have failed, my dear boy.”
“Your ability to remember conversations and details needed to spin a tale is superb, I have no doubt, but you do remember the speed at which you pounced on me—?“
“As my trusted biographer, I trust that you will take the notes that as I dictate?” Holmes lifted the garden journal from his lap and extended it in the general location of where Watson sat.
Small_Hobbit gets all of the kudos for being my patient beta who chased after my tendency to change verb tenses.
Watson felt the tug and anchored himself to the in-between space. Shadowy figures wove around them obscuring his vision. A blinding blue light burst into view and Holmes pulled towards it. Watson felt fear. He knew it came from the light and he needed to protect Holmes. He screwed his eyes shut and gripped Holmes’ shoulder harder. Concentrate.
Upon seeing Watson, Mrs Lloyd’s whole expression brightened and she enthusiastically waved to him. Watson politely smiled and waved back. She excused herself from her group.
Watson started walking again and matched steps with Holmes. He was unappeased by the answer. “You could have read a book or returned lost drinking glasses.”
Something inside him unwound and he relaxed; the little nagging anxiety silenced till next season. Life had chosen to express its dramatic nature and the nagging thought of checking the garden was a small voice he had mostly ignored. There was a certain faith you had to take when planting a seed, as Watson was well aware. The plants would grow, and no amount of worrying or fretting on his part would make them grow faster. It was a simple matter of patience and waiting. He gave the little seedlings a smile before heading down the path to look for Holmes.
"John just noticed Sherlock leaning on the door frame. He has the next part memorized and he held Sherlock’s gaze as he finished
“It is late,” said Holmes, “and you are tired. Get some sleep. I am perfectly capable of tending to my hand.”
Watson lowered his glass and turned it around in his hands. “I did. I also mentioned that we could acquire fruit trees-”
“About twenty-five days for fully mature radishes, but they can be harvested earlier,” said Watson. He took his eyes off the white caps of the of the water which was churning between different shades of brown. “We will, of course, need to tenderly care, weed, and water them as they grow and mature into their full potential.”
With that he took his tea cup and went over to the chair by the fire to warm up leaving Watson with the plans.
As far as deductions go, that was rather obvious. Watson gripped the sink edge hard and kept his attention on the dishes. His head pounded. He swallowed and tried to keep his voice even. “Three. If I didn’t return them, we would be drinking out of our hands.”
Watson paused his climb of the stairs as he yawned and he shook his head before continuing. At the top of the stairs, he saw that the door to the laboratory was open. He walked over and leaned against the doorway to watch Holmes work. Holmes was bent over the bench and pouring liquid from one tests tube to another. A cigarette was slowly burning in a dish next to him and the smoke curled upwards until it was disrupted by the faint breeze. The window was cracked to allow some of the fumes to escape into the cold night air. Compared to some of his work in Baker Street, the fumes from this work often had a better smell. Holmes was fascinated not just by the hives and the colony social structure, but by the honey his bees produced. Using his knowledge of chemistry, he set out to analyse their honey. Thankfully, honey produced a much better smell compared to mud from the Thames.
John nodded, already secretly familiar with the order. It was slow enough that John could scoot over to make the drink and let Sal cover the counter; though he got an odd look for it. They don’t usually switch off mid-order like that. He might get some good natured ribbing later for it if Sal figures out why, but John finds he doesn’t much care.
Mycroft barely held back his pained look, but Sherlock was startled as one man broke into short chuckles. His eyes zeroed in.
He knocked. “Sherlock? I got dinner.” Still no response came. John sighed and trudged back to the couch. He ate in silence, not even having bothered to turn on the telly. It had been weeks since he’d felt lonely, not since before he’d moved into Baker Street, if not since he’d met Sherlock, and the sudden feeling overwhelmed him.
“What you are failing to grasp, John, is that the bet actually was a bit more intimate between your Sal and Ducky here.”
“Dr. Watson.” Mycroft articulated slowly after he’d pulled himself to full height. John responded with a nod.
Then, the first hour of the afternoon was spent watching Sal and Ducky, a female barista, work. They had an easy camaraderie between them and greeted each customer efficiently and friendly. If John had been impressed by the near constant line at the other shop, this one held no comparison. He’d not even been aware this many people were employed by the SIS, yet alone could drink this much coffee throughout one day. The line literally never disappeared.
“It barely even grazed me, John. It’s fine. Really.” Sherlock attempted to reassure John as he staggered to a stand. The amount of weight which he settled on John’s frame did little to assuage his worry though.
Still only lukewarm after he’d heated it, he drank the latte quickly. Caramel, his favorite. He sighed and let his mind wander for a few minutes. Feeling bad about the situation would not make it better however so he stood up and paced around, feeling adrift. It wasn’t even gone tea time yet and he wasn’t sure whether he wanted to get away from the flat and hide or park himself outside of Sherlock’s bedroom door and wait for it to open. Having decided on that latter, he plopped himself down on a chair and stared at the door, figured he’d give him an hour tops to flounce back out.
“I was telling you about a job I’d heard about. It might seem a bit mundane at first, but I think it might suit you well. I have some connections with a placement agency and this was one they have trouble filling. You need security clearance, and I think your military background will come in handy. I can’t say much, but its service industry–it will at least get you back around people and out and about and I think that could be good for you.”
He cleared his throat. “Well, if you aren’t going to have me killed, could you drop me to 221B Baker Street?”
And the next hour and a half they spend on them makes it all worth it. They are soft in a way John had never realized he needed and the color, Midnight Slate the company had claimed, looks stark against Sherlock’s skin and their hands entwined on it take John’s breath away.
If John let himself think about it, and he had over the last week or so, he was a little apprehensive about Christmas with Sherlock; well really just that it was their first Christmas. It seemed to hold a lot of decisions with it, a lot of weight. It would be the first time John will have spent the holidays with a significant other and he can’t help but wonder if he should be more worried about that. It was that time when they should be getting ready for the holiday. And, well, John was readying for it; Sherlock’s preferred method, as John was learning, was to ignore the holiday until the last possible moment. Or, perhaps completely—John still wasn’t quite sure.
And after all was said and done, two days later, Anthea sends them a gift certificate to their favorite take-away and a DVD coupon. There is another stick-it with another wink etched onto it. John makes sure to flip off the nearest CCTV the next time he is out.
John nodded before Sal headed down the hallway and entered a room that had two wing chairs and a small table between the two.
“Yes. Well, your gift, if you decide you want it, is at the estate waiting for our arrival tomorrow.”
After Sherlock had jolted from SIS on Friday, he’d spent the evening tracking the lead he thought he’d discovered. It turned out mostly pointless, other than giving him a few possible leads on a name, but nothing concrete enough. Having left him restless and annoyed, he took to wandering the streets of London and smoking, trying to make the pieces of the puzzle fit. Lulls in the case bothered him, making his seemingly restless energy and mind even more so. At least with cases for his brother, he didn’t have pesky things like working hours to worry about. Lestrade always wanted to sleep for at least a few hours, and the few times he’d tried getting into the Yard at night, had ended in copious yelling and swearing from Lestrade, who’d been called to deal with him. No, the SIS never slept and he could have access whenever he wanted to his office and his data sources. If Sherlock had inherited any of the same abilities Mycroft had of being able to handle mere mortals, he might have been able to make a go of it, working here full time. There were certainly some not so terrible parts of it. But Sherlock never kidded himself—the SIS was no place for him, even if they ever were to truly mean the offers they threw his way.
“Well, probably not quite that grand or dramatic. But they won’t be like your website. I think people might be interested–I know I am.”
“If one were to think they could conclusively feel and decide upon such a feeling and statement, then, yes, it may fall under similar assurances,” his posh voice rattles off. And John knows Sherlock, better than he thinks anyone does. His vocabulary and annunciation fall into old RP habits the less at ease he is.
“On a mission today then?” Sherlock queries, even knowing he won’t get an answer. He’s turned away, looking out the window before he even finishes.
“Dr. Watson, do enjoy your Chinese. Anthea will escort you to work on Tuesday and we’ll discuss this…anomaly.”
Dinner is at three and it looks to be a large affair. There is only to be the six of them, but Sherlock’s parents have cooked enough for twice that at least. The presents have all been put away and they are gathering around the table. Sherlock’s mother prattles on almost constantly and John can’t help but wonder how such an outgoing woman could have raised the boys that she did. She isn’t flighty or vapid—just keeps a steady stream of conversation going.
He is now stalking around the small rectangular structure, taking in small nuances and muttering to himself. It is in these moments that John always feels superfluous; Sherlock is in his element and John can do little but watch and stay out of his way.
John wasn’t sure he could answer; thought about simply giving in and kissing him. But Sherlock’s words, despite their brazen sensuality, were serious. “What did you mean earlier, when you said I misunderstood you?” John asked then, in lieu of a direct answer. He shifted his body minutely though, bringing their hips closer together; a small consolation.
Afterwards as they take a cab home, they are full of energy, adrenaline, and excitement. They are giggling and chatting as they opened the door to 221b. And whatever it was that came over John he suddenly couldn't, doesn't want to, resist it. He leaned solidly against Sherlock for just a moment trying to convey it to him in touch, give him a slight warning. And then it was too late and he had him pushed up against the wall, legs straddled on the bottom two stairs. His lips were on Sherlock’s in the next moment, snogging him senseless. There was pent up and latent aggression, attraction, passion, fervor, reverence, and a hundred other emotions that John cannot seem to untangle. And it had become the single hottest thing he has ever experienced. They continued as they side stepped up the stairs, neither one willing to quite let go. They somehow found the couch and then it was a mess of hands, discarded coats, and belt buckles. It is over within minutes and it seemed both fumbled and sure, intense and gentle. John had a smile on his face afterwards that he was sure looked pathetic.
And it was true. Their relationship, though it had started off a bit tumultuously after the ridiculous farce that was their dance around each other, was going rather smoother than John had anticipated.  He was more than happy with its current status, despite the griping they often, good-naturedly, shared. The sex was amazing and interesting and kept John both satisfied and on his toes. Sherlock may have been moody and unpredictable, but it made their relationship work, giving John the disorder and excitement he craved. Their comradery had settled into the stasis of their now romantic relationship easily. They were, perhaps, still in the honeymoon stage of it all, but it was the most content John had been in his adult life, rivaling even his RAMC time.
And he is right. They fly from Nice to Dresden, another flight shorter than it should be, and they spend two hours poking around the abandoned building the agent had been found in, and, not six blocks from it, the small building shared by the SIS and the BND.
John thought he might feel nervous, thought it might be odd to be out with Sherlock in such a formal and real manner. But they talked about normal things; well normal for them. Spleens, dead bodies, experiments, contagious diseases, and fascinating cases were probably not usual dinner date fodder.
“You can read through these at your leisure,” Sal said as he handed him some pamphlets, “but they don’t leave the building. I’ll sum up all the important bits anyway.”
“Hey, Doc! What’s up? Didn’t think I’d ever see you again. Heard you stuck it to the man and walked out!” Sal exclaims as John gets to the counter.
It had taken days for Sherlock to plan it but luckily Mycroft, and therefore by extension Anthea, was a creature of habit. Anthea was slightly harder to pin down sometimes, and slightly more in tune with human emotions than Sherlock cared to dwell on. It was hardly an effort at all to tweak with their transportation schedule and ensure that no one was scheduled to escort one ‘Doc’ from the back entrance of SIS to wherever it is they left him off 17 minutes later. Well, Sherlock had a fairly good idea of where it was he was left off, but that was beside the point. The point was that Sherlock needed him tonight. He may not know his name yet, and boy had his fingers itched to get themselves on that file, but he knew enough. Enough to know that tonight could be the break in the case, both cases.
“Oh! Oh, that’s clever. Is it clever? Why is it clever?” He spoke rapidly, sipping the still hot drink without notice before he took off running.
Sherlock wasn’t much for rules, even in a place such as this, and he and the Major openly, if quietly, discussed the case as they waited in line. Sherlock already had a decent idea of how it would play out, but the Major was intelligent and a career agent, so his insight often proved groundbreaking or illuminating. Sherlock respected intelligence and people who were good at their job without being mindless sheep.
Thank you again, as always, for reading. There is a crime scene in this chapter and my knowledge of both medicine and police work is rudimentary at best, so hopefully it doesn't drive anyone too crazy with inaccuracies.
Lestrade’s eyes had flicked between the two of them, but he had wisely kept his mouth shut, knowing this was probably his best chance of getting Sherlock interested.
“Um…thanks? I think.” John had replied, eyes still on Sherlock. “I’m honestly not sure I know what we’re doing either, if that makes you feel any better.”
John is tired, and there is a part of him that wants to be irritable, that wants Sherlock to notice him and speak to him as if they were a normal couple. His muscles ache from sitting on the cold stone floor, but he knows they’ll be no warm bed tonight.
“The car will be here shortly,” he says; the first words either of them have spoken since they stepped out of the car.
“Never, John. She may have an uncanny knack for making me see reason through calm facts and threats of both brute force and undue exposure to Mycroft, but, you, John, are my nexus.”
He’d written up a rough draft of their second case together, “The Red-Headed League” he was thinking of calling it. He’d started the blog page way back when Ella had first suggested it and had posted one pathetic beginning entry of ‘Nothing’. Writing about Sherlock’s cases seemed like a good exercise in something to do and he thought maybe Ella would agree; if he were still seeing her that is. Deciding to finish it up and get it posted, to finally add something to that page, he picked up his laptop and settled in at the desk.
The next few weeks passed and John saw the man four more times. Each time the situation seemed to escalate in strangeness until John could no longer conceal his interest, could no longer hold back his curiosity.
Wednesday, after his last day of training ended around 18:00, the staff wished him well at his new location, undisclosed to them of course, and he took a deep breath as he exited, hoping he was ready for whatever the next day would bring. He found a sleek black car waiting out front of the coffee shop for him. Anthea stepped out and opened the door for him and he got in without hesitation this time.
A drugs bust, a hectic cab ride, and a barely saved life later, John attempted to reign in his giggles as he and Sherlock walked. It was, after all, a crime scene, he pointed out. That seemed to only make Sherlock laugh just a bit more. And it probably said something terrible about him, but this was the most alive John had felt since being back from the war. The smile on his face wasn’t forced and his leg felt better than it had in weeks.
Sherlock dazzles his smile towards the young intern in the basement and they’re soon digging through old files. Sherlock finally finds whatever it is he is looking for and throws the fairly slim file onto the table. John helps Sherlock page through the pictures and corresponding reports. He is mostly skimming—looking for keywords or items that catch his eye. Sherlock is reading them rapidly, taking it all in, occasional words and phrases tumbling out of his mouth as he thinks out loud, as the thoughts can’t contain themselves any longer. Rattling off of facts has become background noise to John now—almost as familiar as the lulling sounds of Sherlock’s violin.
Sherlock seems to have a plan, if the sudden decision to take a walk and the determined way in which he turns left out of the front door have anything to say about it. John has tucked his gun into the waistband of his pants, unsure of what is going on as usual.
John looked like he was going to object. “Service industry? I’m a military doctor–was a military doctor!” He exclaimed, fighting the sense of dejection looming on the horizon.
Anthea, Mycroft’s personal assistant (and bodyguard), greeted Sherlock with little more than a nod as he brushed past her and into Mycroft’s office, despite the three gentlemen seated throughout the office.
“Thanks for coming,” Lestrade said with a grimace. “Butler found her this morning when he got here, called it in.”
It is an hour almost in the car. Roomy at least, though that still doesn’t make up for the fact that he is riding in the back with both Sherlock and Mycroft. They’d chosen opposite rows and John had shifted in next to Sherlock and across from Mycroft. Anthea, ubiquitous as always, is in the front next to the driver. Neither Sherlock nor Mycroft have exchanged a single word, and John had given up his attempts after a tense few minutes in which he’d received several pointed glances from each brother. Anthea had Starbucks cups in hand when she’d arrived though, so John is at least caffeinated enough to be putting up with it all.
Well, thank you all for taking this journey with me. This was my first Sherlock fic and I hope you enjoyed it. Comments are appreciated, especially constructive or encouraging ones!
“Dr. Watson. I know you’re having a hard time adjusting to civilian life, and I know working at a coffee shop probably seems beneath your capabilities. But we pay decent and it is, surprisingly, an important job. We drink quite a bit of coffee at headquarters. I think you might amazed at how much you like it, it will keep you busy. And it could be a good way to integrate yourself back, via a not completely civilian environment.”
The man cocked his head, a small moue of confusion writ on his forehead. His face cleared a moment later then, blank as it often was. He leaned in close to John, closer than was socially acceptable.
Then, after three deaths and numerous decipher attempts, Sherlock confronted the gang and walked away, stolen item and dignity still in place. It really all happened after the circus incident when Sherlock nearly got them both beaten up or skewered. John was frustrated and stormed off, needing space. Sherlock, still intent on the last sections of the code and finalizing the case, wandered off after an exclamation and a short glance towards John’s retreating form that, had John noticed, may have changed the tide of their relationship then and there.
“What?” John replied incredulously. “Pretty sure our relationship is going just fine, unless you have a complaint I’m not aware of.”
Five minutes later, their teeth are cleaned and John is sliding between the sheets, Sherlock already curled up in the space next to him. Sherlock on a case is often an unknown entity, and John is cautious about initiating anything, lest it set him off. He needn’t worry tonight as a surprisingly warm hand snakes around John almost the second he settles in. Sherlock is relaxed and pliant, thoughts just fuzzy enough from being awake so long, but not descended into madness over solving the case quite yet.
Sherlock had claimed indifference on the food, scowling at John the entire time they were in the small restaurant, but he shovels bites from John’s pile as he wanders the living room reciting the facts out loud, rehashing it all for John.
Sherlock coughed and looked at the ground briefly before he brought his eyes back up. “Is that a yes then?” He’d asked somewhat falteringly.
He’s cheered by his good luck and whistled absentmindedly as he unlocked the door to 221B and climbed up the stairs. Sherlock was stood at the top of the stairs, just inside the door, when he got up there. He was holding two take out coffee cups.
“Hmmm,” John hums. “Could be more satisfied,” he adds with a smirk, despite that Sherlock can’t see it.
“Before she suggested the barista job, my therapist had suggested a blog as a way to entertain myself,” John began, and Sherlock snorted in derision. “I’ve been thinking of it again.”
“Okay, then,” John responded with a nod and a smile and nudged them both up the stairs and into the flat and into Sherlock’s bedroom.
Sarah took him for a quick lunch at the sandwich shop across the street. She tried a few times to flirt and John, while flattered, was unsure how to respond. The mess he’d gotten himself into with Sherlock had confused him. He wasn’t sure dating his boss was the best idea either–could make for an awkward work environment if things turned sour. And John figured they would, if his history was any indication. It flattered him still though, so he smiled back a few times and tried to stay neutral.
John smirks. “That’s fine. I’ll just hop up and head back out into the—” he is cut off by Sherlock as he flips him over and back onto the bed.
Mycroft waved him away. “I’ll return it as soon as you find suitable housing outside of that hovel. I’ll not have father’s favorite research microscope housed in such squalor. You’re lucky I bade them to ignore the violin.”
“Not much interest in locum work to be honest, we were reaching out on a limb here.” He’d nodded, despite that she can’t see him, and agreed to come in over the lunch hour.
“Excuse me?” John replied, slightly stunned and more than a little confused. His stance had immediately stiffened though and he’d fallen into parade rest, almost as if threatened. The man’s lips quirked slightly at the edges.
“Fine. I hope you’re satisfied,” Sherlock snarks out as he marches towards the kitchen, turning his back sharply on John. The sharp twang of beakers being shuttered about echoes loudly in the flat. John stalks up behind him slowly and wraps his arms around Sherlock’s middle.
Sherlock pulls a torch from out of the confines of his coat somewhere once they’re inside the building.  They’d passed three guards that John had seen, and who knew how many others were silently keeping watch. They both pause a moment as the beam of light swings across the first wall and reveals the grisly crime scene.
“I’ll make sure he texts,” John had added conspiratorially to Lestrade just before he turned to catch up to Sherlock. Lestrade waved in thanks.
Finally exasperated and bored, John called up one of the clinics he’d seen listed in the newspaper that was looking for locum work. It wasn’t ideal, not at all similar to the battle field medicine he was used to, but it would be money and it wouldn’t be coffee—it would be what he’d trained to do, something he liked and was good at. And it would get him out of the damn flat for some time by himself.
Largely John felt he was doing little besides existing next to Sherlock, but perhaps that was enough for them. He was slightly lost on the case, which was not unusual, but the DI who is not Lestrade is a dick to Sherlock and so John vented his frustrations on him a bit louder than he should have. But the bodies had started to pile up, and he really didn’t like Sherlock—two things that John wouldn’t stand for.
“Very good,” John responded decisively. If there was something he never questioned, it was his combined military service and his skill as a doctor.
His smile brightened as he thought of going back to the flat and lazing about the rest of the afternoon with Sherlock. Well, John would laze about and Sherlock would be his own brand of crazy as he swept around the flat in a constant stream of motion and noise.
The case details are grim–agents being abducted and shot, execution style, in abandoned buildings throughout the greater continent and across other parts of Europe. They appear random, but both Mycroft and Major Smith are not convinced. Sherlock apparently isn’t either, if his interest in the case is anything to go by. Dresden was the sixth one over the last 12 months, but the last three had all occurred in the last 7 weeks. Whoever it was, they were escalating.
He was retelling one of his more exciting past cases, embellishing only slightly with impressive tidbits, trying to hook John and draw him in, when it happened. It probably shouldn’t have taken him by surprise, but as John reached for his glass, Sherlock was going to steal a spring roll at the same time and their hands collided lightly and their eyes met. It wasn’t the romantic brush of hands often pictured in movies, but it struck Sherlock with the same little electric awareness. He was not necessarily a stranger to sexual attraction; he’d done the whole experimentation thing before, during, and after both college and his descent into drugs. But as he’d honed and perfected his mind and deduction skills, the needs had been filed away and brushed aside. He couldn’t deny however what John brought out in him—but in his deduction skills and in his mind and body. It’d been there since the first time Sherlock had noticed him. Shy smiles were exchanged over the last of their meals and Sherlock began to plot.
“Yes,” Sherlock breathed out, practically before John had a chance to even finish. “Yes,” he added one more time as he’d turned towards John, eyes taking in every detail of the situation. John felt intoxicated and more important than a crime scene at that moment.
“Actually would we be able to swing by somewhere first?” John asked with a hint of adventure and excitement in his eyes.
“These sheets were so worth it,” John says with a sigh as Sherlock settles on top of him. The smirk he receives in return tells him Sherlock more than agrees with him.
“No, no, it couldn’t have been the brother, Lestrade, don’t be an idiot. There was clearly residue left behind on the victim, traced there by fingertips. Fingertips that were much too large to be from him. Add in the undeniable idiocy that man encompasses and there was no way he could have pulled this off. Did you see the way he made his bed? Not to mention the shoes on the victim. Even you had to have noticed that, Lestrade!” The man cried out in frustration as he made his way to the counter.
