are you doing?!” she yells, halfway between amused and angry.
Dean backs up properly this time, hurt in his eyes and his hands thrown up in surrender. “Woah, hold on a sec-”
“...Right,” Mary responds incredulously. “Well, if you need any help, you know where to find me.”
“Anything else? Cold spots, flickering lights, anything like that?”
“I swear, I had this whole thing written down and rehearsed, but, uh, it seems so stupid compared to that.”
Suddenly, Paige is left wondering whether that champagne is stronger than she previously thought. Standing in front of them, like he is as real and alive as her or Dean, is the staff member that Rowena killed a few years ago.
She hurries from the room and reappears only a few moments later carrying two coats and her shoes. “It’s cold, put this on,” she tells him, handing him one of the jackets. She simultaneously slips her shoes and coat on with practiced efficiency before looking at him expectantly.
Dean blushes, suddenly finding a spot on the ceiling incredibly interesting.
“What’s my name?” he asks, hating how small his voice sounds.
The third person to sit at this bar and get drunk is a co-owner of the joint. He has spent many nights asleep on the pool table in between creating computer programs too complex for most of the world to understand. Without Ash, the man who conquered Heaven more than once, there would be no venue, and there would also probably be no alcohol.
She’s not lying when she says she can get ready in under ten minutes. It is a skill she had learnt long before her Eurovision days, but it has certainly been perfected in the last few years. There is always someone who wants something last minute, or a sudden change of plans, or some kind of emergency she is roped into diffusing. Being able to shower and get dressed in no time at all is practically a requirement for this job, and she has used it every year so far.
“It’s not your fault, dude. Claire knows that, too.”
we're halfway through! I'm really sorry but I haven't got a chance to proofread this chapter, so please let me know if there are any mistakes!
“Who says you won?” Alex replies calmly, placing down a +4 card with a practiced yawn. “Uno.”
Cas looks down at himself as if he hadn’t realised they were there. The entirety of his suit is covered in creepy looking eyes. Paige could swear some of them were blinking.
She glances at him, but he’s just staring at her, unmoving. Turning her head back to the stars and shutting her eyes, she continues. “You can be the best runner in the world, but no one can keep moving for that long. In the end, you have to decide whether or not the problem is worth running from, or whether - with some work - you can move past it.”
“Uh, I guess I’m just worried about you,” Dean moves Cas’s hand off of the rag and cleans the wound before beginning to stitch it up. He takes the needle and bends down to sew up the gash. Dean's fingers lightly brush Castiel’s hip bone a few more times than necessary.   Cas starts getting dizzy and places one hand on the table and one hand on Dean's shoulder to steady himself. “Cas, you good?”
“I’m just worried, ya know? We know two more of these blades exist but where? We don’t know who could have gotten their hands on them. What if we just go on some run of the mill hunt and bam, some werewolf just whips out one of the blades and runs it through Cas and- and- you saw the way it was affecting him. It was like torture.”
“Yeah, that would be nice!”
“I’m a badass, I know!” Claire yells through the phone.
“Night Cas, I love you,” Dean whispers.
“I don’t believe I can heal myself yet and I think I am hungry… and my head is pounding,” Cas squints in pain and brings a hand up to rub his forehead.
“He really didn’t Dean! Stop defending him,” Sam yells back. “He didn’t have to make you feel like crap for whatever happened that night. I was only fifteen and I don’t remember much but I know you looked at him differently after that night. I don’t know what he said to you or what really happened but I do know that it got to you.” Dean stays quiet. His brother was right, what their dad said to him that night really did get to him. “Listen, Dean, you’re my brother and I love you. All I wanted you to know is don’t let the stuff that happened in the past keep you from being happy now. You’re obviously crazy about Cas and I don’t doubt he feels the same.” Dean took a deep breath. He can feel himself getting worked up, but he doesn’t know if he wants to break down crying or throw the lamp across the room, or both. “It’s like torture watching the two of you dance around each other waiting for the other one to make a move.”
“Not a ghost,” Sam attempts to laugh. He is breathless and his voice is unsure. “Something um, well, I’m not really certain-”
“So I was putting away some books when I found a similarity with a few of your notes from this afternoon, Cas.” Sam opens two of the books and shows the other two a phrase on the page.
“Damn it, Dean! If you would just talk to me-”
“Your heart is beating fast again,” Castiel points out. Yeah no shit Cas, Dean thinks.
“Oh, Cas- Castiel!” Dean writhes. That does it for Cas.
“Are you sure?”
“Are you gonna be okay while we’re gone?” Dean asks, running his hand through the side of Castiel’s hair.
“Don’t give me those eyes sweetie or I’ll be joining you two next time.” Rowena flashes a small grin as Dean fights the urge to glare at her. She struts to the middle of the room. “So, how about we put a pin in this awkward, little plot and deal with this after dinner? The last thing we need right now is Winchester drama!” Her voice grows stern. “Get over yourselves and don’t let this ruin the night! Can we all agree to that?” All three of them nod. “Wonderful! Now, we will start in the living room then we will move into the dining room when dinner is ready, which should be shortly after our divine guests arrive. Then we will retire back here for tea and a light dessert. If all goes well, you will have all the information you need for the case and I will have a blossoming relationship with the rulers of the Underworld.”
“Was that okay?” Cas asks, tossing their clothes off the bed and curling back into Dean.
“How would you know? You were too busy staring at my lips.”
“I swear if this has anything to do with bees-“
“Dean! I thought I called Cas? I tried to call you first but you didn’t answer,”  Jack says. “Is he with you?”
“Oh I’ll remember that for later when you’re better,” Dean whispers in Cas’s ear, then lightly nips his earlobe. Cas smiles and pulls Dean closer to him.
“The blade the vampire had looked like those,” Cas says, pointing to the picture in the book.
My brother… and our friend. His best friend. Oh my god. They actually-
“Nope.”
“Well the spell will heal Castiel physically, he won’t be in any pain. But… he will be human until he is healed metaphysically,” Rowena explains. “You see the blades don’t just damage the vessel, they damage the angel and their grace. Castiel's grace will lie dormant until it heals itself.”
“Yeah sure, I’ll meet you in the kitchen,” Dean replies. He held his breath as he heard Sams boots trail down the hall.
“You aren’t an angel at the moment, dear. They won’t know,” Rowena assures him. Dean hooks his foot around Castiel’s ankle under the table. Cas loves their quiet, hidden touches. Rowena stands up. “Well, boys, I’d best be going. I still need to figure out which dress I will be wearing for tomorrow night. I’m deciding between this metallic-silk Givenchy dress or this lovely lace Dior gown-”
Dean feels heaven inside of him, and he can’t get enough. Cas’s hips, god the power in those hips.
Rowena snaps her fingers and sends all four of them outside standing before an expensive-looking house. To their left is a large lake and to their right is a dense forest. The stone exterior of the house is covered in delicate vines that weave up and around the sides. A deck wraps around the side of the house and connects to a dock that leads out into the dark, misty water. It looks haunted, to say the least.
“Dean-”
“Okay, I’ll give her a call,” Sam says and gets up from the table. “I’m gonna take a shower then we should look at these books the professor gave us.”
“Bacon?” Asks Cas.
“You wanted to speak with Hades and Persephone correct? Well, the two of them like to be charmed so I figured a little dinner party would be appropriate,” Rowena explains. “These gods you can’t just summon. They need a little… foreplay, if you will. I set it up in one of my son's old safe houses, well, house is a little modest. It’s a lakeside mansion a few hours away from here. I’ve chosen a few of my more respectful demons to staff the dinner, so all you boys will have to do is show up and play nice. I’ve chosen a lovely Merlot and one of my demons was a top chef in Italy so he will be preparing the meal-“
“Cas?”
“Hey, Cas, just breathe sweetheart, breathe with me,” Dean breathes deeply and slowly, encouraging Cas to do the same until his breathing slows to normal and the pair are breathing together. “You’re okay, babe.”
Dean wakes up with Cas and Sam interrupts with news about the mysterious blade. Sam tries to talk to Dean about a fight with their father.
“Very funny. No, it's just… we talked about it. Having a small ceremony or whatever. I just don’t want to stress her out with this. I know it's not like a huge life change or like we have to plan a wedding for 200 people but she shuts down a bit every time we take a big step in our relationship and-”
“Sure,” Sam agrees. “Oh Jack called this morning, he’s still hunting with Claire and Donna hunting some werewolf mob thing in Jersey.”
“Samuel, are you alright?” Rowena raises her eyebrow and watches Sam pace back and forth as he talks.
“I didn’t feel it,” Cas winces as he slides into a chair.
“Morning,” Dean murmurs and wraps Castiel’s arms around himself, settling into the crook of Cas’s neck. “You’re warm. And you’re pretty.” He kisses and nuzzles Cas’s neck. He can see his angel slightly blushing. “So last night was… I can’t find words. Amazing? That doesn’t begin to cover it.”
“Yeah, just sensitive,” Cas breathes out. Dean ducks under his wings and looks at them from behind. Castiel’s wings connect to his back, in between his shoulder blades. He flaps his left wing and a feather falls out. Dean picks up the feather. It’s long and just as beautiful as the rest of his feathers.
“Sam’s out running errands or something so I thought we could have a breakfast date-thing.” Dean feels his ears go red when Cas looks at him sweetly. “Uh, it’s almost ready, have a seat.” He starts to lead Cas over to the table when the angel suddenly stops.
“What you asked Cas too apparently,” Dean interjects.
“Yeah,” Sam responds. “They are mentioned a few times and are the last people who seem to have had possession of the blades. It also says they keep them hidden in ‘The Meadow.’”
“Hey, free food right? Plus we get to dine with gods. I mean, how cool is that?”
“I wonder if Gabriel knew the angel that did that to her,” Cas says. “As I said before, they don’t get along at all.” The three pass around a few more theories.
“Hi, Tweety pie!” Rowena sings from the other room.
“At the moment, I am not great,” Cas confesses. “But I trust you will make me better.” He squeezes Dean's shoulder slightly as he winces again. “I believe I am feeling human pain like I did when I lost my wings. And my thoughts are in disarray.”
“Hey, Cas?” Dean asks as he walks back into the room, placing the beer on the map table. “Do you think you’ll be less tolerant of alcohol since you aren't at full angel power right now?”
Cas places a hand on the side of Dean’s face and says, “I want to do it to you.”
“Okay I’ll take the first floor, you take the second floor,” Dean orders. Sam made his way up the staircase, flashlight, and gun at the ready. Dean kicks aside broken glass and debris, reminiscent of their fight from yesterday, and makes his way across the large empty room in search of the Blade of the Heathens. The warehouse windows are boarded up, letting little light through. Crates and piles of wood line the walls of the room. Dean looks around the piles and smaller spaces where the blade could have been stashed.
“Hello! I ate squid!” Jack exclaims.
“Jack are you okay?” Cas worriedly asks, ignoring Dean and Claire bickering.
“Ready, honey?” Cas asks, smiling as he used the nickname for the first time. He takes Dean's hand and they walk to the kitchen holding hands as far as they can get without Sam seeing them.
“Jesus Christ,” Dean whispers, which is all he can manage.
“Are you sure?”
“Dean?” Cas cries out with a worried tone in his voice. “Dean where are you?”
“I love you too.” Dean falls asleep soon after, holding his angel close. Castiel stays up for a little while longer, connecting the stars on Dean’s skin to form constellations.
After breakfast, Dean gave Castiel more clothes of his to borrow and didn’t plan on telling him that his regular clothes were clean any time soon. He also changed Castiel’s bandages; there was no infection and the wound didn't look any worse.
“Guys, Rowena wants us to go to the- oh shit!” Cas and Dean push away from each other, but it’s too late. Sam is standing halfway in the room, frozen with his jaw practically on the floor. Dean scrambles off Cas and ends up on the floor. “I… sorry? I heard you guys, thought you were just talking but um… what- I don’t- huh?”
“I thought they were just talking. I heard them… then I saw them… now I can’t unsee them.”
“What?”
“Yeah I’m fine, Donna said ‘no more calamari for you,’ so no more calamari for me,” Jack says.
“I hadn't,” Sam says, slowly walking into the room with a stack of books in his hands. Dean immediately straightens up and a Cas shuffles away from him. “It was one of the first times I’d ever seen dad get that pissed off.” He glances over at Dean. “Sorry, I was just coming to apologize and help you with dinner and I overheard you two talking.”
“Us, like normal I guess, but with more ‘I love you’s and more kissing and more mornings waking up with you next to me,” Dean pulls on a clean pair of jeans and smiles at Castiel who looks warmly back at him.
“The stitches hurt but I am in less pain now.” Castiel attempts to slide off of the map table but is still unsteady on his feet, he ends up falling but catches himself on the table. “Ow, ow!”
“I’m okay, I’m okay,” Cas, holding Dean's hand, rubs his thumb over the back of it. Dean sits down on the bed next to him. “It just stung a bit, it’s not your fault. You didn’t know that would happen.” Cas lifts his hand up to caress Dean’s cheek. “I think I want to take a nap.” Cas yawns and snuggles deeper into the bed.
“Dean, stop. Just let me say this one thing and I won’t bring it up again okay?” Sam pleads with Dean.
“Oh wait!” Dean gets up from the table and heads to the fridge. “You gotta try this, Sam never lets me do it!” He takes a bottle of whipped cream out of the fridge and squirts some on Castiel's pancakes, then on his. “Try it!” Cas takes a bite, then nods in approval and lets out a small moan. Dean scoots his chair next to the angels. “Sounds like you like whipped cream more than my kisses.” Dean smirks. Cas raises an eyebrow and shoots Dean a mischievous look. Then, he pulls the hunter into a deep kiss by the collar of his shirt. Castiel pulls back, leaving Dean a little stunned.
Bobby sighs. “D’ya want to marry your angel, or not?”
“Sam,” Cas sighs, staring in the mirror. “Yes or no.”
Cas sits up abruptly. He can’t do this. There’s no way this is going to end well and he needs to leave
“What’s wrong with that one?” Cas asks, picking it up from where Dean flinged it.
“In a while, crocodile,” Paige whispers, her throat tight.
“No?”
A lot of things are going through Paige’s mind as she scans the crowd for four Americans and a Irish woman, but she has read enough crime novels to know that often, random facts can actually have a lot to do with each other.
“Why didn’t you give him them earlier?” Sam asks, annoyance lacing his tone.
And then, there was the distant reply. “Dean?”
Dean crosses the room in three quick strides. “Don’t apologise, sweetheart,” he replies, gently tipping Cas’ chin up so their eyes met. “You’re here now, that’s all that matters.”
Crowley raises an eyebrow as he slides out of his suit jacket. “Huh.”
“Yeah,” Sam adds, “They’re gorgeous clothes, thank you.”
“You, uh…” Dean stutters, “you sacrificed yourself for me. The only way I could get you back was to remove your grace, and apparently that affected your memories somehow.”
“Alright, alright. I’m going.” Again, he hesitates by the door.
Eileen thinks about this question. “I can’t really tell you,” she says, in the end. “But I think I can probably tell you that we’re called hunters.”
I did not forget about this (excuse my french) massive bag of dicks, don't worry! I feel like a number of people would have enjoyed taking a swing at him, but Mary deserves it this time <3
The rest of the evening goes fairly smoothly, all things considered. Usually the parties are considerably more insane than this, but they manage to stay reasonably on the right side of the law on this occasion.
Dean doesn’t move. “Buddy, I can’t help you if you don’t tell me what’s happening. Are you hurt?”
Dean was ridiculously picky when it came to the house he was going to purchase. Cas, in fact, was starting to think that the image of the perfect house he had in his mind didn’t actually exist, and they were going to end up stuck in the bunker forever. It had to be within an hour’s drive of the bunker, it had to have a garage, it had to have a kitchen and so on and so forth. His list of demands looked like it could be on one of those cartoons he was so fond of watching; Cas was always waiting for him to unfurl it and for it to span the length of the library.
“Cas? Cas, come on buddy, wake up!”
“I love you.”
Dean smiles a small, secretive smile. “Sam’s my brother, who’s dating Eileen. I’m married to Cas, and Jack is our… uh, adopted son.”
Alex is out of breath from her vigorous sweeping when she finally asks, “Is that it?”
the stupid Winchesters and their stupid obsession with found family decided to announce a parent/child dance. Everyone else seems to be delighted - even though some of the dance groups have a ridiculous number of people in - but Crowley feels like committing first degree murder, just to calm himself down.
“Sorry, did we wake you up?” Dean asks as Cas makes his way over to him. The angel stands behind Dean, who is stirring a pot of sauce, wraps his arms around his waist, and lays his head on his shoulder.
“No, just you and the beer.” Did Cas just say he needed me?  Dean thought as he entered the kitchen to get one of the six-packs stocked up in the fridge.
“Your fingers, holy hell!” Dean is lost in pleasure, Cas’s fingers inside him feel so much better than he had been imagining for years. He lowers to meet Cas’s thrusts as he works in and out. Dean is loud, Cas has him whining with only his fingers.
“Can’t go to bed with wet hair,” Dean says, getting out the blow dryer. Using that as an excuse to play with Castiel’s hair some more, and it works.
“Here, let me.” Dean removes his hand and allows Cas to search as he is closer to it. His hand feels around until he hears clinking metal. “Dean, why are there handcuffs- oh.” Dean’s face reddens. Cas smiles, still digging through his drawer.
“I didn’t know the angels were nasty to you, I’m sorry that happened,” Dean says. “If you ever want to talk about it, we can.”
“So go ask him! The poor thing is not getting any better snoozing away over there,” Rowena says and gestures to the sleeping angel.
“Okay! Well on that note,” Dean stands up and collects the empty dinner plates. “Why don’t we clean up and watch a movie tonight? We can figure out this summoning spell tomorrow.”
“Yeah, you’re right,” Dean agrees, sounding disappointed. He takes a rag out of their weapons bag and picks up and wraps the blade in it. “One down, two to go.”
“Dean, this has been twelve years in the making. First dates are irreverent at this point,” Cas laughs, pushing Dean’s hair back.
“You’re thinking too much,” Cas grouches, wrapping his arms around Dean’s neck and looking up at him.
They eat in silence for a few minutes, Sam draining the last of his smoothie and Paige digging into her bacon, before she can’t stand the silence any more.
“UNO!” Kaia yells, starting everyone. She scratches the back of her neck, gesturing at the pack of cards between her and Alex. “Sorry. It’s the first game I’ve won all morning.”
“Do you think they’re done yet?” Jody whispers to Ellen as they pass each other on the dancefloor, and they both stand still, staring at the demon and the witch across the room.
Really, Crowley can understand that many of the people here have a whole host of mommy and daddy issues, but is it really necessary for them
“We could try Rowena?” Kaia suggests, running a hand through her glitter covered hair.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nuh-uh, no buts,” Dean interrupts, wrapping his arms around his angel until he is sure Cas has got the message. “Come on, then, retirement awaits.”
Swallowing, Paige continues. “Okay. I really love you, Addy, but you went and broke my heart and trampled all over my identity and… I don’t think that can really be fixed with a phone call.”
Eileen had handed the rings over when Jack had gone on his adventure earlier; they looked almost like they were half made out of wood, the other side a gorgeous engraved iron. Like many things the Winchesters owned, they were practical - they could open a bottle and ward off ghosts simultaneously - but they were also gorgeous. Claire was almost jealous; whoever had decided on the rings had clearly chosen well.
Ian and Fox shrug nervously. “We have to go to the dressing rooms anyway, we can check there?”
comes over the speakers, she is so surprised she swivels her head to find her in the crowd.
It’s a Saturday, when it happens. Dean has taken up on his promise to bake Cas a pie - an apple
“Nah,” Meg replies, biting her lip suggestively at Balthazar.
“Maybe,” Cas grins, a mischievous glint in his eyes. Suddenly, Dean is being tipped backwards, falling towards the floor only to be caught by Cas’ unfailing grip.
“Here, let me get you cleaned up,” she offers, already dragging him towards the kitchen. “I’m Becky, by the way.”
Airport coffee in Georgia is as disgusting as it is everywhere else, she discovers, angrily flipping through the book she had brought with her without reading a word. Eventually, she gives up all pretenses of paying attention to the (admittedly, quite gripping) story and fishes her phone from her backpack, hoping that there would be some kind of update.
Dr. Aros comes back a few minutes later, the stranger on her heels. “I’m afraid you have a fairly serious case of retrograde amnesia,” she explains, before gesturing to the man. “Do you remember him?
Paige groans and starts rolling up her sleeves. “Will you guys help me find them?”
It had taken way longer than they had, but Claire and Kevin had managed to convince Jack to push himself on the swing for long enough for them to have an emergency meeting on how to rescue the wedding rings from his intestines.
“Jody’s gonna kill us for putting all her shit in the wrong place,” Dean comments, scuffing the floor with his shoe.
At the top of the box, covering the contents, there is a coat. Cas shakes it out carefully, holding it up. It’s old, that’s for sure, musty and covered in dust and stains. He can’t help but feel like he recognises it though, and before he can analyse what exactly he is doing, he’s pulled the trench coat over his arms.
“No?” she says, turning to face him. “What do you mean you don’t have them?”
Dean raises an eyebrow. “A good one?”
“What is it, buddy?” He tries to keep his voice neutral, but he doesn’t think he quite manages it. Jack doesn’t seem to notice, luckily.
Dean and Cas take Jack out into the water to play with him, while Eileen lathers sun cream onto Sam’s back, giggling at the ponytail he has tucked his hair into. It’s a strange kind of domestic bliss and Paige almost feels like she’s intruding.
They are both giggling now, and they laugh and laugh until Cas’ sides ache and Dean ends up having a coughing fit. Cas vows, in that second, that no matter what happens, he will always try and be this happy from now on. He thinks he deserves it. In fact, they both do.
As soon as they’re through the door, the key not placed in the plant pot as promised but not too hard to find, Dean immediately heads for the far room, shutting the door behind him and locking it with a telltale click. It occurs to Cas that Dean has probably been here before. Either that, or he is desperate to get away from the awkward atmosphere they’d shared in the car.
“We… didn’t want anyone to eat the food before they were supposed to?”
And that's it! Again, thank you so much for reading this, and I hope you enjoyed it :)
“The five countries that make the biggest financial contributions go straight through to the final. It’s the UK, France, Germany, Spain, and Italy.”
evening, if you catch his drift.
Varvara Krasa - also from a fairytale but she’s got rly long hair so this is for bloodfreak my beloved
The shout shocks him back into his own body with a horrifying
Bobby shakes his head, his voice gruffer than usual. “Just never thought I’d see the day. Now come on, ya idjit, or you’re never gonna get hitched.”
Paige doesn’t say anything, just leaning back into her chair and pulling her phone out of her pocket, praying for at least ten minutes of peace before she has to babysit again.
“Thank you,” Sam says, dragging Dean away by an elbow as Jack trails after Eileen to the women’s changing room. Paige doesn’t say anything; the kid can use whatever room he feels more comfortable in.
“Alrighty then! Sounds good. I’ll leave you two to get reacquainted then.” With that, she exits the room, already flipping to another patient’s notes.
{o0o}
Kevin cracks one eye open to squint over at where the kid is swinging happily, kicking his legs enthusiastically as he climbs higher and higher. “I think I have an idea.”
“Well, I’ll let him introduce himself, okay? You lived together before your accident, so he’ll be here to look after you and try and help jog your memory. I believe some photos are on their way?” she asks him, and he nods.
have you been?” she demands, her eyebrows practically disappearing off the top of her head when the two girls sheepishly push open the heavy double doors of the bar.
Dean lies back on the bed, his hand reaching out for Cas’ once more. They take a moment to recall the journey that got them there; the battles, the hardships, the deaths. Maybe, Cas thinks, it’s time for the rest of their lives to finally begin.
“Dance or no?” Charlie asks again, a wide smile on her face. Jo never knew her in life - although she wished she had - but it had only taken the month or so of wedding planning to get to know her well. She was boisterous and stubborn, the most kindhearted and bouncy person Jo had ever had the pleasure of meeting. Right now, she was aiming for casual, but Jo sees the slight hesitancy in her outstretched arm.
“And Bal, I hear our groom himself was the one who offed you?”
when she wanted to be. Which was a shame, because there was no way he was going to get through the rest of the ceremony stuck in between an angel and a demon making goo goo eyes at each other.
“You always were the first to confess your feelings,” Dean smirks back.
Paige claps a hand over her mouth. She didn’t think she’d ever heard someone speak to MacLeod like that so boldly in the several years she had been at Eurovision.
Cas frowns. “Are we not here to win?”
Pupsik - sweetie (derogatory)
“So, who’s telling Jody?” he says, leaning on the car hood, “Because I sure as Hell ain’t.”
“I’m gonna find a drink,” Gabe mutters, winking as he excuses himself.
“Winchester Surprise,” Mary answers, already on her way to the kitchen. “I can’t cook much, but Dean requested it specifically, and I’m not one to disappoint!”
Cas had suspected that there was a reason neither Dean nor his ridiculously tall brother Sam would tell him much about where they lived, but he hadn’t expected the reason to be the fact they lived in a huge underground bunker. Especially one decorated like it was straight out of the 1950s that was bustling with a number of other people also living there.
Dean, of course, had some reservations. Cas still didn’t know much about the nature of their relationship before his accident, but he gathered that although they were close, it would still be considered weird for them to buy a house together. In the end, Sam managed to convince him after an hour-long conversation away from Cas’ ears.
Dean rummages around in the drawer for a whisk, humming to himself as he cooks. He seems so in his element, Cas is almost jealous. Dean remembers where he fits into the world. Dean knows how to cook and he knows the people he’s close to and he knows how to sing songs that Cas can’t recall under his breath. Envy squeezes Cas’ throat until it feels like he’s suffocating, long, icy cold fingers gripping his neck with unrelenting pressure. His eyes flutter shut and he forces deep breaths through his nose until his throat opens up again, gulping down a mouthful of scalding coffee to disguise his distress.
Jack bounces up and down in his seat. “Really?”
“To twelve years of unbearable sexual tension!” everyone repeats in unison. Dean downs the rest of his glass in one go, and Cas blushes so hard it’s a surprise the light fixtures haven’t exploded yet.
He tries again. “I-”
“Paige?” Addy’s voice answers immediately, sounding almost relieved.
“Alright,” Cas agrees, unsure of what’s going on but terrified by the intensity of Dean’s request. Dean shoots him one last look to check he means it, before ducking out of the room, slamming the door shut behind him. Cas doesn’t move for a full minute, but when he does, he’s like a whirlwind. It’s not too hard to throw all his earthly possessions into the borrowed duffle bag, considering he doesn’t have many, but he does take the time to speedily fold his new t-shirts.
“Dean Winchester, is that a
“Ayers,” MacLeod says, turning to Paige without even mentioning Sam’s comment. “Did you let these buffoons in?”
Jack nods solemnly. “Dad says that humans are very emotional, and that we all deal with those emotions in a very different way. Do you want ice cream?”
There’s the sound of footsteps going down the hall, and Dean calls out, “Hey, the girls will be back soon so I’m gonna start on dinner.”
“Anything else?” he asks, and they continue looking, their hands nearly brushing as they sort through the hangers.
“Be back in time for the show!” Paige calls, but she’s pretty sure they aren’t listening to her. “Are they always like that?”
They stop for a quick spot of lunch at the hotel - penovani khachapuri this time, which is like a cheesy croissant square - before Paige’s phone rings.
“You guys popular in America, then?” she asks, shoving another forkful of beans in her mouth. This hotel really knows how to cook, she has to admit.
“I wouldn’t say ‘friends’,” Dean grumbles.
Paige frowns. “So, are they together, or-”
She could swear Dean mutters, “I thought he was dead,” but she must be hearing things.
“You sure do,” Paige laughs.
“Oh.”
Cas is almost certain that neither Dean nor Claire know whose room they’re standing outside of (not that anything they’re saying makes any sense). Sam seems to reach the same conclusion, throwing the door open and glaring at the pair outside. “Can I talk to you both in the kitchen for a minute?”
“Ah, shit. Sorry, I’ll have to call you back later. I think I cut my knee,” she says, trying her best to sound apologetic, and thankfully Marie buys it and
“Are you alright?” Cas asks, concerned, and Dean jumps.
Sure enough, by the time Cas exits the bathroom the girls are already sitting at the stools in the kitchen, chatting to each other. For some reason, they seem to find the topic of vampires fascinating, discussing in detail some kind of movie or book plot. Cas actually finds it quite intriguing, and hovers around the corner for a moment so he can hear the end of the conversation. He knows that as soon as he enters the room, the conversation will stop. Claire will seize up, and Kaia and Dean will be left to fill the gaps in the awkward silence.
Someone starts to laugh, and Cas turns his head just enough to recognise Dean lying a few feet away from him. Dean rolls over to face him, a wide grin on his face. “Hey, you never gave me the chance to say it, man.”
“Oh my god, I’m so sorry!” she gushes, hands already roaming over him to check if he’s okay. “I’m so clumsy, I didn’t even see you!”
No one notices as they slip away, but they don’t go far. They have all the time in the world; they don’t have to rush anymore. The quiet hum of Zeppelin’s Since I’ve Been Loving You drifts through the closed door as they take a seat on the edge of the decking around the back of the Roadhouse. Dean gently rests his beer on the floor as Cas leans his head on Dean’s shoulder.
Jo smirks. “Couldn’t have done it without ya.”
hours later by a faint knocking on her door. She ignores it, pulling the cosy blanket over her head and snuggling back down into the soft mattress. The knocking stops, briefly, and then there is a much louder, headache-inducing pounding on her door and she groans in protest.
Eileen is the only person that treats Cas normally. Unlike Dean, she will look him in the eyes. Unlike Sam, she isn’t overly concerned for his health. Unlike everyone else, she doesn’t whisper about him as he walks through the corridor. She talks to him about things other than his amnesia, doesn’t hesitate to answer his questions, and if she can’t - or won’t - answer something, she simply says as much.
Paige lifts the phone away from her ear, forcing herself to take a deep breath before bringing it back. “Right.”
Eventually, Dean caves a little, and after a halfway gas stop, he gruffly holds out a box of tapes for Cas to pick. Cas hesitates, before slipping his hand into the inside pocket of his coat instead.
They’re going to be so hungover for the dress rehearsal tomorrow.
“I’ll get it,” Claire offers, already heading to the door.
The receptionist clears her throat loudly and they both turn to her. “One single room, one double room, and one double room with a sofa bed. Here are your keys, all the information you need is in the booklet in your rooms. Enjoy your stay,” she reels off, her voice lacking any kind of enthusiasm.
Jimmy looks a little hurt at that declaration, and she can only stand to look at his sad expression for a few seconds before sighing and backtracking a little. “Look… maybe we can meet up properly, at some point, talk it out properly? I’m not kidding when I say I’m supposed to be babysitting God right now.”
“To after,” Cas smiles, the promise of a future he never thought he’d get filling up his heart.
Jack is up and bouncing across the room before Kevin even has time to blink, colliding with at least a dozen guests before worming his way into the middle of Cas and Dean. Kevin groans, rubbing a hand down his face, before standing up. It may be Heaven, but this place must have a bathroom he can get drunk in, surely?
Dean turns to her then, a deadly serious expression on his face. “Paige, you need to leave
Cas raises an eyebrow. “I must warn you, I have some memory issues and can’t be held liable for shooting you again,
“Christ,” Dean says, flopping dramatically into his seat. “Paige, how do you do this shit every year?”
It is Eurovision. Of course the audience loved a little rat in a paper top hat.
Dean does as instructed and tries to force the tension from his arms, relaxing his death grip around Cas’ waist. He takes a deep breath and looks down at the man beneath him -
Paige wakes up on her hotel bed to someone knocking on the door. Giving herself a minute to get her bearings, she yawns and looks around the room. Somehow, she had fallen asleep fully dressed and upside down on the bed.
“Projecting, are we, sweetie?”
“He’ll come around,” Sam insists, but Cas isn’t quite so sure.
Grabbing Cas’ hand, she yanks him up with a surprising display of strength, already dragging him towards the door. Paige can’t decide whether Cas is the most oblivious man on earth and doesn’t realise he’s being flirted with, or he isn’t in a relationship with Dean as she had assumed and is actually down for some quite literal French kissing.
“They’re nice kids, but Claire’s taking this kinda hard, so be nice, ‘kay?” Dean says, cracking an egg into a bowl.
He considers the question for a moment. “I don’t really know. I suppose it would be me waking up in the hospital a few minutes ago.”
“Remind me who proposed to who again?”
Dean sat up a little too abruptly, wincing at his bruised joints. “Cas?”
Cas hears his own voice reply unbidden. “I know.”
Paige wipes one of her own tears away, the smallest of smiles on her face. “Yeah, I’ll come home.”
He swallows, trying to focus, and that’s when he realises that there is one common thread among each of these images: Dean Winchester. Everything seems to click into place - hadn’t he noticed Dean acting strangely ever since that first day in the hospital - and his mind immediately offers up a hundred different instances to prove his point. Dean praying, but claiming he isn’t religious. Dean spray painting satanic sigils onto the floorboards. Dean’s bag of weapons and holy water. Even the whole event at Jody’s cabin... He'd never really believed Kaia’s story of a vicious raccoon, but he had assumed there was a logical explanation for it, and here it was.
Frowning, Dean wanders over to the door, his hand hovering by the handle without actually touching it. “Are you going to the finale?”
Dean snickers. “You’d be surprised.”
Paige actually manages to get down to the foyer before her ten minutes are even up, looking perfectly presentable and not at all like she has been awake for less than twenty minutes.
“Well then, brave paladin,” Charlie replies with a smile, trying her best to bow without causing an accidental explosion. “Your battleground awaits.”
“I said,” Dean practically shouts, turning to face him once more, “that I love you too, dumbass.”
“Okay, bye guys!” She’s aiming for cheery, but concern is shining clearly on everyone’s face and she knows she hasn’t quite managed it.
It had been ruled as an aneurysm, but everyone knew who was truly responsible.
If she is being honest, she knows the answer to that question. Fear. She fears what she will come home to - or rather, she fears what won’t be there when she makes the journey back. Will her apartment be home without Addison there with her?
“Oh yeah, we did. Uh, thanks for the tape.”
“Clearly you want something, or you wouldn’t have brought me breakfast. If you came up because I’m running late, you would have made fun of me again.”
The door slams shut and the ghost turns to Paige.
to see it, exactly, but this is as good as it’s gonna get, and he wouldn’t have it any other way.
{o0o}
Paige looks between them agape, her eyebrows in her hairline. “You guys know each other?”
“Sam,” Cas says urgently, “I’m not sure what’s going on but Dean sounds like he’s in trouble and he told me to call you. I’m in the garden… I think I’m gonna go in and see what’s going on. Call me if you get this. Uh, bye.”
“Sam gave us plenty, ‘kay? We’ll find a way to pay him back at some point.”
Paige shrugs. They have a few things to do today, but the time she had given them to meet was fifteen minutes before she actually had to leave. In reality, they are perfectly on time.
“Thanks for being the second most interesting contestants I have ever had the honour to babysit,” Paige smiles, handing out their bags.
“What’s going on?” she asks. Even though she keeps her eyes on Cas the whole time, Eileen answers for him.
He smiles, just a little, and Kaia squeezes her hand. “That would be nice.”
“Sure,” Diana responds, barging past Greece’s entrant and her sparkly leotard. “Get out of the way,
“So… did you find any breakfast?” Cas inquires at last, and Dean shakes his head.
“And Dean, do you take Castiel to be your unlawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health?”
Hanging up, he shoves his phone in his back pocket and slowly cracks the back door open, praying that it doesn’t creak. He creeps down the hall, listening for any indication of what’s going on, and stops halfway to the kitchen when he hears faint voices.
Dean’s voice echoes in his ears, and he is struck with an unexpected wall of longing that passes in an instant.
“Bonjour!” the second woman says, waving awkwardly with her hand that isn’t holding a baguette.
Cas may not have had many conversations, but this definitely had to be the most exasperating one conceivable. “Lost my memory?”
Dean takes one glance at it, swallows hard, and then grabs a tape at random from the box. “How ‘bout I introduce you to, uh… AC/DC instead?”
“Really? Do you know where I can find her?”
“Hey, uh, Claire and Kaia said they wanted to drop by in about an hour. That okay with you?” Dean calls, sounding genuinely unsure.
“Seriously, though, I just wanna ask… what are the chances of us winning?”
Tracing his fingers over the scratches, he allows the familiar ache of emptiness to wash over him. It snakes through his veins, coursing through his body and turning his muscles to lead. He knows it’s his name - Dean told him it was - but he doesn’t remember it being carved. He doesn’t recognise any of the other names and couldn't decipher their meaning by himself. And yet, he is still brimming with an emotion he can’t even put a name to.
Dean shrugs, looking around the group to see if anyone has any differing opinions. “Sure.”
Cas glances down the hallway, towards the door. How hard would it be for him to leave? It was only a few steps, a twist of a handle, a breath of fresh air. He could be long gone before they even noticed.
“No idea.”
{o0o}
“The Big Five?” Cas asks, leaning forwards.
“Oui, of course we will help you!” Odette agrees, clasping her hands together. “It’s exciting, non?”
“Diana?” Paige asks, her eyes narrowing.
“Come on, Odette. Get a drink with me, ignore this
“And then she’s gonna kill you, and then she’s gonna kill me.”
Bela laughs, a cruel, vicious noise. “Please. Like he’s going to save you.”
“I’m sorry, who are you?” he asked, before collapsing into the graveyard dirt.
Then, it’s just a waiting game. If Paige had been hoping that Sam and Eileen were a couple so that matching outfits aren’t weird, she is praying that Dean and Cas are too. It’s not that their outfits are matching, per say… it’s just that Dean might need some help getting his on.
“Cas?” Dean asks, concerned. “You okay?”
what you pick out of this?”
“I shot you.”
They stare at each other for a minute, her heart beating in time to the loud vibrations of the music.
“Yes, sweetie,” he replies, his face melting. “I just wanted to-”
Paige nods, downing a shot that may or may not have been hers, before pointing around the room. “So, you met the Irish act yesterday, right? The Brendan Brothers. They’ve got pretty medium odds. No one hates Ireland, but the song is just meh anyway, so.
“Thank God,” Claire snorts, smirking at her own joke and wondering when her life got quite this weird.
Light floods the room and blinds him for a moment as he snaps on the lamp, so he waits for his eyes to adjust before gently removing the lid. He’s not sure why, but it’s like he can tell that it has some kind of special significance. It feels like he’s standing on a precipice, about to fall and not sure where he’ll land.
{o0o}
In the end, their brave hero that comes to their rescue is none other than a very lost and confused dude who looks eerily like Cas. The only reason Charlie doesn’t actually
the way to do it,” Diana declares, a look of respect shining in her eyes as she approaches Paige. “What are your children doing?”
Dean scoots back a bit, but not enough for Cas’ liking. “C’mon, man, what’s up with you? You’re freaking me out a bit here.”
Abruptly, Dean bursts out laughing. “Dude, I cannot
“Maybe a day before I flew out? All I remember is that posh asshole that phoned me.”
By the time they get home, it’s nearly lunchtime and both Dean and Cas are starving. Dean heads straight for the kitchen, muttering about the food going off, and Cas hovers in the hallway, not sure whether to follow. In the end, he goes back into the guest room and finally starts to unpack.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Telling you,” Sam mutters.
“No, I’m sorry,” Cas countered sadly. “I can see how much this is hurting everyone… I wish I could remember you.”
“You’re lying,” Cas accuses.
They’re standing outside the Roadhouse. Everyone else is already inside, everything will be ready to go in only a few minutes. Bobby rubs his hand over his face and drums up patience he has never had, and turns to Dean with a gruff smile on his face.
“I can see that,” Dean responds, an eyebrow raised.
If she is classifying herself as nervous, then Dean looks like he is about to vibrate right out of his body. He has insisted on bringing his own duffle bag of supplies with him, even though Paige has told him repeatedly that everything he needs will already be backstage.
“No, but you’re not too much extra work, so don’t worry. You can’t be worse than Electro Velvet.” Paige shudders dramatically, and Jack laughs. He’s a pretty cute kid, to be honest, and his laugh is adorable.
Bile rises in the back of her throat. Hands shaking, she turns her phone off. That’s a conversation she needs to have sober.
“I’m coming,” he calls back, taking one last long look before he shuts the door.
Sam clears his throat to grab their attention, and a titter goes through the audience.
The rest of the box is empty, the coat the only occupant, but Cas can’t help but suspect there is more to this than is immediately obvious. Almost unconsciously, his hand travels to an inside pocket that he hadn’t knowingly noticed, and to his surprise, there is another item in there. It’s jammed in quite tightly, and even though the coat is pretty much ruined, he still doesn’t want to damage it any further, so it takes a bit of wiggling and tugging to pull the item free.
Crowley just lets out a long-suffering sigh as he turns to take his seat before the ceremony starts. “It’s fine, I’ll just leave it off.”
“...Yeah, uh, that. But Dean wouldn’t say.”
“Yeah, Cas, Jack is fine. Kevin can handle him for five minutes while I dance with my girlfriend.”
He places one hand on Dean’s shoulder, allowing himself this one touch as a last comfort before he dies. “Goodbye, Dean,” he says finally, searching the man’s face for a moment before throwing him to safety.
Cas can’t form a coherent response, his mind still whirling and the taste of gunsmoke and blood still on his tongue. “Shoot - I didn’t mean to, I swear, I didn’t mean it - and now he’s going to die…”
{o0o}
the chairs are filled yet, so why the former King and current Queen of Hell have to be sitting directly behind him, he’s not sure.
“It was built by an old organisation called the Men of Letters,” Eileen explains. “Everyone here works for them, in a way. Although we’ve updated their so-called ‘code’ since the 1950s, believe me.”
“What happened to your hands?” Alex asks worriedly, but Mary has already disappeared out of earshot.
Although he remembered most things now (well, he supposed there wouldn’t really be a way to know if he was missing something or not) his memories were still all over the place. He had difficulty putting them in order or recalling a sequence of events, so for now, they simply floated about his mind in a bewildering whirlpool of emotions and snippets of images. It was like a jigsaw that hadn’t yet been put together; he needed time and patience to slot them into the right place, and he didn’t really have the focus he needed for that right now.
Somewhere in the distance, there is beeping. Cas is dimly aware that he should find it annoying, but it’s not his first time being in a hospital, and the regular noise is reassuring, in its own way. It’s the only reminder that the unconscious body beside him is still alive, his heart still beating.
Apparently, Charlie and Kaia work excellently under stress. They immediately dismissed cleaning the room - there was nowhere near enough time for that, they would either do it later or get caught and still have to do it later - but even the task of removing the glitter from their person was incredibly difficult.
Bela studies her cherry-coloured nails, not bothering to so much as glance at Dean. “Clearly you care for the man,” she muses, “so I beg to differ.”
She’s sat across from Jo, a smug smile on her face as she watches Dean and Cas stumble into the middle of the space they have created. When she catches Jo’s puzzled expression, her grin gets even wider, and she mouths a single sentence across the dancefloor:
Cas’ eyes widened and he moved to take a step back, never removing his fist from its death grip on Dean’s wrist. “Do you trust me?” Dean asked, and Cas didn't even hesitate before he nodded.
I'm so sorry this took a bit longer to get out, this chapter really fought me! I've also been busy with two other fics recently - my DCRB entry, which I posted last week, and another fic I've started writing which may or may not have something to do with Eurovision...
“Dude, it’s okay, you don’t have to explain the question. I just wasn’t expecting it,” Dean interrupts, thumping himself on the chest. “I’m not exactly…
“Tell me you remember nachos,” Dean says, horrified and already reaching over to drag him into the kitchen. Cas wonders if this is a thing that the previous Cas and Dean did a lot; it seems to be a habit for Dean to latch onto Cas’ nearest sleeve in order to direct him anywhere.
“Are you making some of these countries up to fuck with me?” Dean asks suspiciously.
“You look inside, I’ll check outside?” Kevin suggests, and Claire shrugs, not able to come up with a better option.
The last two are a pair of grouchy hunters. They sit together, old friends, complaining about the quality of the booze and the lives they lived and the volume of the music until they have nothing left to say. When a stray tear, borne of pride, slips down Bobby’s face, Rufus doesn’t mention it. Without their real father figure, the Winchesters may have never even made it past childhood. He deserves to be proud, and no one has the heart to take a moment of happiness away from an old man.
“I sent you the article I read about it,” Sam says, Dean rolls his eyes. Sam has been telling him to read the article for weeks. Not that he would tell his brother, but he did read it and Sam is probably right. “Anyway, I was telling Eileen about the blades last night and she told me about one of her contacts who teaches Greek mythology at the local college. So I emailed Annette, Eileen’s contact, and I picked up some books from her,” Sam points to the bag he dropped on the table. “I was thinking, Cas, you said the Underworld is ‘hell adjacent’ right? So what if Rowena knows something about Hades since she’s the Queen of Hell and all.”
“Wait, Dean. You aren't going to stay with me?” Cas asks lightly, his eyes looking sad.
“Then how does Sam know Eileen wants to get married?”
“And hungry. Being human isn’t easy.”
“A dinner party?” Sam asks, again.
“Remember Anna?” Castiel asks, Dean nods. “When she kissed you, I felt something. I realized later it was jealousy but I didn’t know what it was then. I didn’t realize what my feelings meant before… but I eventually figured it out. And everyone in heaven did too.” Dean places his hand over Castiel’s. He sometimes forgets Cas is a celestial being and that he sacrificed everything for the Winchesters, for him.
“Good work, you guys. How did you find it?” Dean asks.
“No, it’s not. Plus it’s past dinner time, I’m hungry too. We should pick up dinner on the way home, sound good?” Cas nods.
“The swords would continuously show up on pottery depicting Hades and Persephone,” The voiceover informed them. “In this era of Greek pottery, three knives when brought together symbolize relationships between a higher being. Romantic, destructive, or both.”
“Good night, Dean,” Cas lifts his head up and softly kisses Dean's cheek. In response, Dean pulls Cas closer to him.
“Yes, please.” Dean finds Cas’s phone in his pants that were thrown on the desk when Dean pulled them off of him last night.
“An angel with a Netflix list, go figure.” Dean puts the rest of the dishes away. Sam leaves to go call Eileen and Dean and Cas head to the ‘Dean-Cave’ with a bowl of popcorn.
“Dean… the name is lying to me.” Cas honestly looks a little hurt. Dean can’t help but laugh. His angel, who led armies for Heaven, is confused about a sauce. And he is the most adorable thing Dean has ever laid eyes on.
“Try this.” Dean twirls his fork in the lo mein container on his lap and brings the fork over to Castiel’s mouth. They don’t break eye contact as Cas closes his lips on the fork. He moans quietly, only for Dean to hear. Dean stares at his mouth, Cas notices. He bites his bottom lip. Their eyes meet again and Dean notices Cas’s eyes harbor a dark and mischievous look. Cas leans over to Dean, lips grazing his ear, and whispers. “Meet me in your room in five minutes.” Cas gets up, stretches, and yawns. He bids the brothers goodnight and leaves the room. Dean begins to close up the leftovers and counts down the five minutes in his head.
“If it was, what would your answer be?”
“Well, I found that bit of information in Greek, and ‘The Meadow’ could be referring to the Asphodel Meadows which, in Greek mythology, are in the Underworld. Then I was thinking about who rules the Underworld and it clicked, ‘The Lovers’ are Hades-“
“Oh sorry about the mess,” Dean apologizes. “We were just blowing off steam I guess; rough night, ya know?” Sam nods in agreement, goes quietly back to the book, then looks up again.
“No, it's nic- ugh!” Cas groans in pain again and his grip tightens on Dean’s shoulder as he buries his head into Dean’s neck. Dean leans his head on Castiel’s, just for a moment, to comfort him. If Sam walked in right now I’d never hear the end of it, Dean thought.
Paige laughs properly for the first time all week, a weight lifted from her chest and a true smile on her face. “Yes, I think I do. Lead the way, kid.”
{o0o}
otherwise, I hope you enjoy finally learning about Paige's past!
Georgia has never exactly been on Paige’s dream holiday list - who thinks of an obscure European country over, say, the Bahamas? - but she has to admit, it’s really nice. The beach they go to is near abandoned (although that may be due to the fact it’s a weekday) and the view is beautiful.
“I don’t know! What did you want me to say? Call you up and say, ‘oh, hey Claire, you know the dude possessing your dead dad? Well I rescued him but he lost all his memories in the process.”
He shakes his head.
He doesn’t seem surprised to hear that question. “Ellen bumped into me on the street and invited me.”
Dean stands before him, the bags from under his eyes gone, but an expression of resigned dread fills Cas’ heart with pure fear. Somehow, it strikes him that the man is still beautiful; even the despair clouding his features is uniquely Dean Winchester.
it's grand finale time baby!
The UK entry that was supposed to take part in this year’s Eurovision had pulled out only a week before the contest after falling down the stairs. That meant that an entirely new group and new song had needed to be found in almost no time at all, but some condescending private school dick had called her with the new contestants, and here they are.
and there's the prologue! I promise, the other chapters are longer. Alarmingly longer, in some cases. Unless I edit them all down way too far. Anyway, I hope you're excited!
I guess. Uh, it’s just kinda an... inside joke, I guess?”
If you want to come and shout at me on tumblr, I'm
When they finally arrive, Paige leaves them to fiddle with their luggage as she practically collapses on the reception desk, rubbing her temples. “Booking for Ayers?”
Dean takes another bite of his burger and chews thoughtfully, but doesn’t say anything. Cas considers whether or not Dean knows what his loss is for, but he ignores it. Perhaps, if just the echo of the memory is this painful, it is for the best that he doesn’t remember.
“I can’t say I wish I’d never left you in the first place - “ Claire snorts at this, rolling her eyes. “-but I wish I had been able to come back. I never meant for it to end like that.”
Charlie weaves in and out of the guests, ducking past a mixture of familiar and unfamiliar faces, only pausing for a second in her quest when she spots a vaguely familiar red-headed woman who has apparently decided that the grooms won’t be the only one in white. Wrapping her arms tightly around her special contraption - which she has nicknamed “Charlie’s Very Special Totally Awesome Glitter Cannon” (she has absolutely no idea why the name hasn’t caught on yet) - she prays with every jostle that it doesn’t go off. Sure, she had spent
Then, her phone rings.
“Hey, uh… Jimmy,” Charlie says while Kaia’s mouth flops open and closed as she tries to process Cas’ secret twin. “Could you do me a favour?”
“Ten minutes. Whatever food Georgia has to offer. A phone call to my office and possibly a tour of the arena. Deal?”
- and grabs a pair of shoes and gets up to leave.
“Finally,” Dean mutters, wrapping his arms around Cas’ neck and tipping him dramatically, before leaning in for a kiss. There’s a whoop from the audience - probably Charlie, Dean thinks - and then Cas laughs against his neck as he rights them again.
Becky grabs a towel and starts dabbing at him, which - seemingly much to her surprise - does absolutely nothing, but she continues anyway. “So, how do you know the Winchester boys, Crowley?”
Even two years ago, Claire would have declined and probably wouldn’t have even been polite about it. Instead, she grins and offers her hand. “Sure.”
When Sam does eventually come back, he announces his arrival with, “You’re moving out.”
Still, that didn’t hold up as an excuse against a fairly annoyed Ellen Harvelle, when a rumpled and out of breath Charlie and Jo arrive at the Roadhouse to get dressed a full forty seven minutes later than they are supposed to.
Rolling her eyes, Paige shoves her phone into her pocket. “Met a lot of angels, have you?”
Tears are tracking down his face as time slows back to its normal pace, Cas and Dean sharing a long look before Dean speaks again. “Why does this sound like a goodbye?”
Despite all the stereotypes and the fact that she had seen Cas elbow Dean in the ribs at least five times, none of the Americans bring up Paige’s weird behaviour from lunch, which she is grateful for. She’s not sure what she would tell them if they asked about it, to be perfectly honest.
As usual, whoever is in charge of the green room has supplied a steady stream of champagne and water, which various acts and their family members and team hold on to without ever taking more than a sip. Paige is very much from the UK, and since the only thing she’ll be required to do at this point is to herd her contestants to the stage and say good luck, she takes the incredibly long glass and downs the contents in one go.
“That bad, huh?” Dean mumbles, ducking back in the bathroom to run a hand over his hair again.
Russian:
Jimmy deflates, and Charlie almost feels bad for him. “Alright. I’m gonna go get my seat then, thanks for all your help.”
It’s nearly midnight when her phone rings. For a second, Paige doesn’t realise it’s hers, and then she spends an extra thirty seconds considering just letting it ring out. It’s almost definitely MacLeod or that British dick or someone else who wants something from her and she’s at a
The problem Cas encounters when he decides to pack his bags and move out is that he owns nearly nothing, and he finds it’s rather hard to pack a bag that he doesn’t own. He’s practically inside the wardrobe, sure that there has to be something resembling a backpack in there, when Sam walks in.
“I’m Sam,” the tall man says, extending a hand and politely not mentioning the state of her shirt. “And this is Jack,” he adds, pointing at the kid.
Apparently, the only person that can’t tell that Sam is joking is Crowley, who dramatically rises from his seat before being aggressively tugged down by Ellen (Dean’s fairly sure that’s Rowena’s laughter he can hear).
“Don’t worry, buddy,” Dean says, ruffling his hair. “There’ll be loads of people here on Saturday.”
The next morning, when they go out to buy paint, one of the rugs Cas picked is covering it up perfectly and Dean doesn’t mention a thing.
you made me crawl out of my own grave.”
It may be the middle of the night, but Cas is sure there has to be a cassette player somewhere in this maze of tiled walls, and he’s not going to sleep until he finds it.
“Deal,” Sam responds gravely, and Paige almost wants to laugh at how seriously he is taking the whole thing.
He shakes his head quickly. “No, ghosts are bad.”
The door swings open aggressively, Dean managing to glare at him while still fidgeting with his bow tie. “I look stupid.”
“Mmm,” Cas hums back sleepily.
There’s a growl and then a horrible
“Dean? How are you here? What’s going on?” Cas demanded, but his terrifying angel-of-the-Lord voice wasn’t as effective when he was clinging to Dean like he was his last lifeline. Which, in a way, he supposed he was.
Cas smiles softly and turns to face him. “Why Castiel, not Cas?”
“It’s good to have you back,” Sam greets them, thumping Cas on the back. It’s only when he takes a few more wobbly steps forward that he spots it, the five names illuminated by a halo of lamplight.
Cas and Dean grow closer. Sam is made aware of some things...
“And you didn’t know?”
“I’m pretty sure Sam heard you.” Cas smiles back.
“I think the alcohol is affecting me quicker,” Cas pointed out, his words slurring now due to the drinks. “But I believe I am in less pain now.”
“Yeah but that was a while ago, I think he forgot-“ Dean starts.
Sam got in the car, placed the bags of food next to him in the bench seat, and huffed out a quiet laugh when he looks in the rearview. Dean meets his brother’s eyes in the mirror.
“Yes. He uh… he asked me the same question last week.” Sam told Dean he saw the way he looked at Cas and the way he talked to and about him. Castiel was Dean’s best friend, his everything. And his brother saw right through him.
“Yes!” Cas and Sam reply.
“Dean, look at me,” Cas says softly, placing his hand on Dean's shoulder and sitting up on his knees. Dean turns around to face the angel but he can’t meet Castiel’s eyes. Cas raises his hand to Dean’s face, placing it on his cheek and wiping away his tears. “Dean?”
“I didn’t feel pain, at first,” Cas remembers. “I was dizzy and felt like the room was spinning. I don't remember much of the car ride back home, but the second I got out of the car I- I couldn’t think straight and the pain hit me all at once.”
“Oh, I just like being close to you,” Cas says, bashfully. “At first I thought I’d like sitting on your lap but I like this much better.” Dean sighed peacefully and nuzzled into Castiel’s neck.
Cas feels heat, tight and warm, and oh so good. Bliss, he feels bliss enveloping him.
“You got it.” Sam turns to go to the kitchen. Dean starts getting supplies out of the kit.
“Let me help you, teach me how to cook!” Cas requests with a smile. A few minutes later, Dean is standing behind Castiel with his hands over the angels and showing him how to flip pancakes. They sit down to eat when the food is done.
“Yeah, I do,” Sam replies.
“He was gone for over two days,” Sam reminds his brother, his face showing a hint of concern. “You don’t remember? You didn’t get out of bed on the first day. On the second day, Bobby picked us up and hauled us back to his place. I guess dad called him and that’s why he came for us but dad probably didn’t say much to him. Bobby was trying to figure out what happened but you refused to talk.”
Cas comes inside Dean, causing Dean to come a second later. They stay there for a moment, fully riding out the last waves of their orgasms. Cas’s hands squeezing Dean’s thighs, Dean’s hands gripping Cas all over. Eventually, Dean lifts off Cas and plops onto the bed next to him.
“Well, I guess we’d better go suit shopping,” Dean says. Luckily, Sam finds a small suit shop in the next town over, it closes in a few hours. Sam suggests they should go now so they have the suits in time for Rowena’s party. “Are you up for this, Cas? I mean, you just became human again less than an hour ago.”
“Dean, are you up?” Sam questions from the other side of the door.
The three boys fill Rowena in further on their case pertaining to the Blades. They talk about what they are unsure of and all the questions they have, when Rowena tells them how she can help them find answers.
“Yeah maybe. But I found some lore on old Enochian blades, want me to fill you in over breakfast?” Sam asks.
“Chinese food?” Cas suggests.
“Do you not want that? We can do anything really, it’s just an idea-”
“It would be no,” Dean shakes his head but when Cas’s face falls he can’t help but laugh. “Oh baby I'm just kidding of course it would be yes!” He pulls Cas in for a kiss before caressing his face in apology.
“You got something to say?” Dean whispers from the back. His and Cas’s fingers were still laced together, masked in the darkness.
“I believe so,” Cas says as he pushes back his trench coat to reveal a deep wound, a gash running from his chest to his hip. He struggles to stand up again and falls into Dean.
“Did you just sass me with a compliment?”
“I’m okay.”
“Dean and Castiel?” Rowena looks puzzled.
“Dean, come on man. We have to talk about this!” Sam runs his hands through his hair. Dean settles back down in the chair and nervously starts biting his nails, Sam desperately wants to talk about this and Dean knows he will break out the puppy dog eyes if he has to. Sam takes his brother's silence as his hint to continue.  “Look, I know that fight with dad was a while ago and I don’t really know what happened that night but I do know dad was wrong for everything he said to you. So if you want to talk about the fight or what I asked you the other day-“
“That was awesome!” Dean smiles as he turns off Baby’s ignition after returning home from a hunt. “That might have been the biggest nest of vamps we've ever taken down.”
“Nothin’,” Sam responds. “Do you remember where Cas was in here last night?”
“Well I heard you in the map room last night, and I guess you guys were up drinking because when I walked in this morning there were beer bottles everywhere and the decanter was empty,” Sam looks over to his brother, waiting for his response.
“They were doing stuff! Making out!” Sam doesn’t mean to yell.
“Bacon.”
“Yes, Dean, yes! Oh, fuck!” Dean has an angel saying yes to him now. He discovers a new turn on, Cas saying ‘fuck’. “Perfect Dean, you’re perfect!”
“Dean? Is that your phone?” A strong hand shakes him awake. It’s Cas waking him up, their arms and legs still wrapped around each other. Dean hears a phone going off.
“Your breath is warm,” Cas blatantly states.
“No,” Cas replies and begins to slur his words a bit. “Something rare and old. I am not sure exactly what it was but I could feel Enochian magic radiating off of it.”
“This morning, while you were still sleeping,” Castiel stopped talking as his eyes slowly looked away. “Do you think bees-”
“Yes, Samuel, a dinner party! And I expect to see the three of you there on Friday night wearing the opposite of flannel.” She slides over an elegant invitation. “I am risking my relationship with these deities to help you, don’t screw it up! You must show them the utmost respect, not a single wisecrack out of you Dean Winchester. Be polite, use the etiquette I know you have buried somewhere. Understand?” They nod.
“Christ, Cas,” Dean whines as his hands attempt to bring Cas closer to him, wanting to find friction. Cas pauses and looks up.
“Please Cas, more.” Cas adds a third finger. He only gets a few thrusts when Dean insists he is ready. Cas pulls out his fingers and positions Dean over his length. Dean intertwines their fingers. Cas pulls Dean in for a kiss, it lingers for a moment. Then Dean lowers himself down, slowly.
“Can I touch it now?” Dean pleads.
“We can deal with that later. Right now, Sammy go get the medical kit,” Dean orders and Sam runs into the other room. “Cas sit on the table, I am going to have to stitch you up. You’ll be okay.” He helps Cas sit up on the map table and take off his trench coat and suit jacket. “Does it hurt bad?” Dean looks up to meet Cas’s eyes.
“Cas, I’m in here!” Dean calls back. Castiel comes flying into the kitchen and into Dean’s arms. “Cas, hey! What is it?” Dean hugs him back, he can feel his angel’s nervous breaths.
“Oh shit.” Dean wipes his nose off and Cas quietly laughs next to him.
thanks so much for reading! any and all feedback is greatly appreciated! i hope you enjoyed!
“This is what kinky sex is? Like the kinky porn you watch?” Cas questions.
“My phone? Yeah uh, Cas you gotta let me up unless you just want to wait for it to go to voicemail.” Cas sighs then rolls over. Dean checks his nightstand but his phone isn’t there. Then he gets up and searches the room for his jeans from yesterday, thinking that's the most likely place his phone would be. The ringing stops. Then a different phone starts ringing.
Sorry about the delay in posting! I was really struggling to post this chapter, and then I read the advice that you should change your font to comic sans and it cures writer's block... and it actually worked. So that was an experience. Anyway, I plan on finishing this even though Chad and Samantha tried their hardest to ruin it (they can't beat people who were called crazy for 12 years, although it was an experience to be queerbaited 3 months after the show ended). I promise the actual ceremony is the next chapter!! Thank you for reading <3
“Do you want to dance or not?” Claire asks, offering her hand once more, and Jimmy smiles.
Dean’s eyelids fluttered, not quite open but not quite shut, and he groaned. His hand experimentally squeezes Cas’, and Cas moves it away as if he had been electrocuted. “Hey, Cas,” Dean croaks, grinning weakly and cracking open an eye to take a look at him.
button without giving herself a second of hesitation in case she changes her mind.
“Good work, soldier,” she congratulated, raising a tired arm to salute before she had even really processed what she was doing.
It’s hard to tell whether Dean recognises that the noises he is making around his food is not really appropriate for a restaurant at lunchtime, but no one can find the heart to tell him that. Paige looks down at her plate. They are literally eating a dough bowl filled with melted cheese and egg; if she wasn’t supposed to be acting professional, she’s pretty sure she would be making the exact same faces. Maybe one day she could come back with Addy, since she was a way better cook than-
Paige is woken up many,
Cas is sure Dean thinks he’s asleep as soon as he starts scrolling, because there is no way Dean intended for him to see all these pictures. There are at least a hundred of them; some with his brother, some of his car or a particularly tasty looking meal, plenty with a young man that Cas doesn’t recognise (his son, perhaps?), but the ones that really make Cas’ heart clench are the ones where his own face smiles back at him.
“Heartwarming,” Crowley mutters under his breath as Benny excuses himself. On paper, he was his best bet - what better revenge could he get than the exes hooking up? - but he was going to have to come up with an alternate strategy, because there was no way in Hell he could continue dealing with a man who was so honestly pleased that Dean and Cas were getting married.
She’s not really sure where a haunted house comes in her personal rankings. It’s pretty, that's for sure - not that Paige is any kind of architectural expert - and it’s certainly better than being knee deep in mud.
Okay, maybe Kevin does feel a little bad. “Hey, it’s okay, don’t cry. What happened?”
The next thing Paige knows, she’s drifting off into a dreamless sleep.
Standing beside him is the woman who had beckoned him in. Even Cas can tell she’s conventionally attractive, with her slicked back brown hair and dramatic makeup along with her wine red pantsuit. She eyes him, raising an eyebrow and looking him up and down, before flicking her hair over her shoulder.
There is a loud bang from behind him, but before he can turn to investigate the source of the ominous pounding, Dean starts to speak. “She’s gonna get through that door.”
It’s at this moment that Jo decides to make an entrance, apparently also interested in scouting out the food options for later. “Whatcha up to?” she asks, shoving a stolen chip in her mouth before coming to a sudden halt when she sees the mess.
Cas nods, turning back to Jack to continue trying to wipe the stains out of his white jacket.
“Probably,” Cas replies. “How do you think she’ll do it?”
Dean chokes on his mouthful of deliciousness. “What?”
Sam and Eileen share a loaded look and Cas looks worried, but Dean just rolls his eyes, shoving another dumpling in his mouth. “Don’t worry,” he says, “We aren’t scared of no ghost.”
Due to the fact that the group will be split up for a while, and then they’ll be doing interviews and will be onstage, Paige won’t see that much of them before their performance. The UK act is going on tenth this year, which is a bit too early to be a winner, but not as bad as the really early performances. (Sorry, Cyprus.)
“This year’s theme is ‘together in spirit’.”
Every day, after most of the hunters go to sleep, Sam sits down with Cas at the library table and shows him something that he hopes will jog his memory. On the first try, he showed him photos.
“Need any help?” Kaia offers, popping up from behind the bar and making her nearly lose her grip on the bomb. Kaia watches her fumble with it with an amused smirk, waiting patiently for her response.
It doesn’t take long to pack them up, even with Dean injured and Cas still sorting through his memories, since most of their stuff had already been moved to the house. Dean allows himself a minute, though, just to stand inside his room.
Cas thinks about it for a moment, turning the issue over in his mind. Could he work through this? The overwhelming urge to run is still there, bubbling beneath his skin and itching to put as much distance between him and the bunker as he could, but where does he go from here? If he goes back to bed right now, there is a house and a friend and too many cosy blankets waiting for him. If he runs… well, there is no telling what could happen, good or not. Does he take the risk?
“You’re Irish?” The taller of the brothers asks curiously.
Kaia’s neck snaps up so quickly Charlie is surprised she doesn’t have whiplash, and her knuckles go white as she tightens her grip on her roll of tape. “Claire?”
Cas nods seriously and she almost wants to smile. Her phone beeps three times in quick succession, and she sighs. “Duty calls, I guess. See you later.”
Dean and Cas share a confused look. “Ketch?”
She stands there for a few seconds, fire poker held high, before lowering it with a sigh. “I deserve a payrise.”
Paige frowns at him, forcing herself to take a deep breath before responding. “Really? I mean, it’s only the big bands that I usually get scam emails for.”
Cas doesn’t recognise the British woman’s voice who responds. “Yes, I can.”
“I don’t get it,” Cas says after a minute of desperately sifting through every interaction he has had with Dean in an attempt to understand the joke.
Paige feels a little lightheaded. “Does that mean - are you the Winchesters that the Ghostfacers are always complaining about?”
Paige checks her email again, chewing on the inside of her cheek. “Aren’t there supposed to be five of you?”
“Are Dean and Cas going to have sex?” Jack says, entirely sincere, and Claire drops her head into her hands and groans.
“Would you mind looking after Jack today? I’ve just got to make sure Dean and Cas actually get there on time. And Eileen-”
“I don’t know, Sammy,” Dean begins to reply, but he doesn’t know what to say. He’s worried about his angel. “He’s been sleeping a lot, I was hoping that would help him replenish his grace or whatever. I’m starting to get worried.”
“Say it again so I can record it!”
“Cas I- I can’t say it again.”
“Hi, Jack!” Cas says. Dean always likes to watch Castiel's face when he talks to their kid. The angel always looks so proud of Jack.
“I know that,” Dean says, still staying as close to Cas as he can. “I  mean we are two guys in Kansas, Cas. We have to be careful, some people, like my dad, don’t like relationships like ours-
“Yes! Oh my god, Cas. If I call you my partner people won’t know if we are partners in crime or cowboys or lovers, well I guess we are all three.” They laugh. “Howdy partner,” Dean gets in before Cas pulls him in for a kiss.
“Woah, Cas!” Dean runs back over to his friend and eases him into one of the chairs.
“You smooth son of a-”
as per what's to come... anyone want some slight dom!cas?
“Great, so we have to go to the Underworld now?” Dean sulks into his chair.
“Good morning,” Cas says on Dean’s lips.
“Cas, last time was my fault. I was an idiot and I wasn’t there for you, I’m sorry. But, I’ll be right here with you, I promise.”
“Well, out with it!”
“Okay, all I have to do is say some Latin,” Dean explains. He dims the lights and sits on the counter next to the tub. He reads the spell off of the paper Rowena gave him. He looked over to the tub when he was done and noticed the holy oil in the water glowing blue.
“I love you,” Cas whispers back and he leans down to kiss him again.
“Cas- Cas I’m close…”
“Nope!” Dean pops up from the couch and flies to the door, not wanting to have this conversation right now. “Good night, bitch!” He hears a faraway ‘jerk!’ float down the hall. Five minutes are up.
“Oh, hell yes,” Dean mumbles through kisses onto Castiel’s mouth. He backs them up to the bed and sits Cas on the mattress, straddling him. Dean fiddled with Castiel’s shirt, pulling it over his head. Cas does the same with Dean’s shirt. “What do you want, Cas?” Dean meets Castiel’s sky eyes. They were full of want, full of hunger.
“What about normal human relationship stuff, like dates and adopting a domestic animal and kissing in the rain and traveling-“
“Alright fine,” Agrees Sam. “But we are talking about this later.” They spend the rest of the ride to the warehouse in silence. The boys finally pull up and arm themselves from the trunk. They walk into the dark, rundown warehouse where they had just been slaying vampires the night before.
“I don’t want anything else but you Dean, wherever you want to go I’ll go with you. Whatever you want to do, I’ll do it with you.” Dean hugged Cas so tightly and didn’t want to let go when Cas pulled back. “Wait, was that a marriage proposal?” Cas asked, head tilt and all.
“Well that was close,” Dean sighs in relief as he rolls off the bed in search of clothes. Cas sits up in the bed and leans back against the headboard.
“Dean?”
“Move out, together?”
“Pop by and help you with it,” A voice says from up the steps by the entrance. “Hello, boys!”
“Oh, I don’t remember that,” Dean responds, turning back to the stove to finish up dinner. “I don’t think dad talked to me for weeks after that, until not talking to me almost got you killed on that job in St. Louis.”
“Does it look like I knew? Wait, you knew?” Sam stops in his tracks and moves closer to Rowena.
“Are we going to tell Sam about… this?” Cas questions.
“‘Ro?’” Dean whispers to his brother. “Really Sam? Nick name basis with the Queen of Hell?.” Sam rolls his eyes.
“That's my phone,” Cas says with his face buried in the pillow. He pulls the blanket tighter around him.
“Well, there is a bit of a… sort of catch-“
“Anxiety,” Dean answers, sliding down next to Cas. “It’s human, it happens.” He finds Castiel’s hand and brings it to his lips. “Cas, you are the most badass angel on heaven and earth. And I’ve killed things other hunters can’t even think up in their nightmares. There is nothing in Heaven, Hell, or Purgatory that will keep us apart. Even if I have to line the perimeter of the bunker with holy fire. If anything tries to take you away from me, it will regret ever hearing our names.” Cas smiles and his eyes look lovingly at Dean. “Cas, you are the best thing to ever happen to me.”
“I guess we just have to keep an eye on the area,” Dean replies. “Hey, thanks for the help out there Cas. It’s nice having you on hunts, they never expect an angel.” Castiel gets out of the backseat, but stumbles and falls against Baby.
“So good, Cas you feel so good!” Dean throws his head back and gets louder as he takes in more and more. “Cas, oh!” His moans are pornographic. Cas has seen his fair share of porn, but nothing compares to the sound of Dean Winchester crying out his name while riding him. He looks so damn good while doing so. Dean’s hair a messy from Cas’s hands and his face is a little flushed, Cas has never seen anything so beautiful.
“In those movies you make me- that we watch together- the guy always says nice things and then gives the girl a diamond ring,” Cas recalls. “What you said kind of sounded like that.”
“I’m sure he will be okay, he probably just needs some time.”
“Okay, hold this and get in the water.” Dean hands Cas the feather. The angel places his hands on the sides of Dean's face and passionately kisses him. Dean pulls Cas close and Cas rests his head on Dean's shoulder. “You’ll be okay, Cas.” He kisses the angel's forehead and he can feel him smile into his shoulder.
“Why are you ‘fighting about a fight’ that happened so long ago?” Castiel asks.
“Then can I stab you this time?” Dean pauses and stares up in an open-mouthed smirk at Cas. Once he registered what Castiel said, he rushes his hands to the button on Cas’s jeans and quickly discards them, leaving them both in their underwear. He mouths at Castiel’s inner thighs, fingers teasing the tops of his underwear as he notices the growing bulge inside of them and grazes his fingers over it. Cas breathes in sharply at the intimate touch. Dean pauses, needing an answer to a question. He looks up to Castiel’s face, seeing only pleasure painted there. But he still needs to hear an answer.
“I know, the two of them are ridiculous but I thought they were too scared to make any moves. But, it's been ten years… they’ve been doing this for ten years and I didn’t know?”  Sam does some calculations in his head. Sure he’s caught them standing a little too close or having a too quiet conversation but Sam thought that's as far as both of them got.
“Would you- would you want to? Get married and all that.” Cas shrugs, Dean guesses he doesn’t want to answer until he knows what Dean wants. Dean gathers his thoughts. “I mean, I’ve thought about it. Not getting married per se, it's not like we could get legally married since you're an angel and the government thinks I'm dead. I guess the symbolism would be nice but I don’t know. I mean, I’ve thought more about us maybe moving out of the bunker when Sam and Eileen need all the space they can get for their hunter thing.”
“Finding possible hideout locations for the last few werewolves we have to track down.”
“Well, sneaking around has been kinda fun.”
“If it’s about that fight with dad… can we do this later? It’s too freaking early for this crap and I just want to focus on finding that damn blade.“ Dean hates thinking about that one fight he had with their father, the biggest fight they had ever had. Right up there with the fight about Stamford. Almost twenty years ago but it still haunts him, he didn’t even think Sam remembered it because he only walked in during the tail end of it. And when he asked Dean about it, he told him never to bring it up again.
“Lube, kina important.”
“Alright alright, can you just get the lube, please? You're killing me here.”
“Dean,” Cas whispered breathlessly as he placed his other hand on the back of Dean’s neck and pulled him closer. He wiped away the few tears left falling down Dean’s face. “I love you too.” Cas pulled Dean into a desperate kiss, their lips crashing like a band finally snapping together after years of built-up tension. Dean sat on top of Cas, straddling him, running his hands through his hair as Cas let his hands roam under Dean's shirt, which seemed to be getting in the way. He pulls the unbuttoned flannel down Dean’s shoulders and arms and tosses it to the side, then he finds the hem of the soft cotton tee shirt and brings it up and over Dean’s head and tosses it on the floor. Dean follows Castiel’s lead and reaches for the hem of his shirt as Cas goes for the buttons on Dean’s jeans, which Dean is thankful for as his jeans are getting tighter with every kiss.
“I want- I want everything… I want you.” Cas caresses Dean’s cheek and kisses him deeply, letting his hands explore Dean’s bare upper body. Dean’s jeans end up on the floor, next to their other discarded clothes. Hands grab everywhere, getting needier and rougher by the second. Small moans of pleasure grow deeper and louder. Lips become reddened and hair turns tousled.
“You didn’t feel it?” Sam questions. Cas shakes his head ‘no’ and winces again as Dean takes another look as his wound.
“Uh yeah,” Dean pulls back and starts to clean up the medical supplies. “No problem, I’d stitch you up anytime Cas. Just don’t get hurt so I don’t have to. Um, do you want to take something for the pain?”
“What?” Asks Sam.
“Okay yeah, I get it. You’re in love with me.” Dean smiles.
“What was that?” Cas quietly asks.
“How are you feeling today Cas, any better?” Sam asks. Cas sits down at the table as Sam brings over the plate of bacon. Dean takes two plates and piles on some scrambled eggs and places one of the plates in front of Cas and sits down next to him with the other plate as he eyes up the bacon.
“I don’t know, honey,” Cas replies, wearing a sly smile. “I might like your kisses just a little bit more.” Dean dips a finger in the whipped cream on his plate and wipes it on Castiel's nose. They both smile and laugh as Dean dodges a whipped cream counter-attack from the other. “You’re cute in the mornings,” Cas states as he returns to his food.
“A bit.” Dean takes Castiel’s hand and places it on the rag.
“Rowena.” Cas shoots her a stern look.
“Then I’m gonna undress you very slowly and kiss every single freckle on your body-” Before Cas can finish his sentence, he yawns.
“Oh well I guess it will just be me and Cas tonight,” Dean says and turns around to smile at his angel. “How’s Eileen doing? Is she still in Utah?”
“Yeah, he is,” Dean responds. “He just needs to get the hang of being human, but hopefully he will be back, halo and all, soon.”
“Yeah, because how else would that blade have worked for the vamps,” Sam points out.
“What’s the occasion, gentlemen?” Theodora asks.
“Okay, we don’t want to keep you,” Sam says as he sits down next to Dean with a cup of coffee. “Stay safe, love you both!” The call ends in a chorus of ‘love you’s.
“I almost forgot about these,” Dean says, brushing his fingers over the tattoo wings on his angel’s back. He places wet little kisses over as many feathers as he can. Deciding not to waste more water, they turn off the water and search the steamy room for towels.
“Hades hates the angels because of something stupid Gabriel did.” Cas pushes some of his food around his plate
“I’m-I’m down,” Cas mutters as Dean helps him up. Although he is fully leaning on Dean, Cas can still barely walk. They struggle down the hall as Cas keeps almost slipping out of Dean’s arms.
“I have some movies on my Netflix list we haven’t watched yet!” Cas chimes in.
“Say it, Dean. Say I’m a badass!” Dean sighs.
“I love you.” Cas snuggled closer to Dean.
“So we should probably find a way to talk to Hades and Persephone right?” Sam suggests. “They were the last recorded of having the blades.”
“Ro, we aren’t idiots. We’ve dealt with gods before,” Sam informs her.
Dean finally looks at Cas, he doesn’t say much but his eyes give him away. His mind is racing, what had he just done? Why did he have to say that? Had he just ruined everything with Cas, the best friend he ever had?
“Um, yeah. So?”
“Okay, you two.” Cas lightly smacks the arm of Dean, who has worked his way between Cas’s legs, sitting between them, leaning against Cas’s chest. “Donna should bring you guys here right away, it’s not safe to have you out with a weapon we know nothing about.”
“I want to blow you.” Before Dean can think, Cas has him on his back with one finger teasing Dean's nipple and the other trailing down his stomach.
“I found Cas,” Dean informs Sam, trying not to give himself away by smiling. His brother takes bacon off the stove and turns off the burner with the eggs.
“Uh yeah,” Dean wonders how to reply to that. “Sorry?”
“Are you ready?”
“Cousins,” Sam lies. “We all got dragged into together.”
“Jack, that's amazing!” Cas smiles up at Dean.
Team Free Will eats Chinese food (Dean helps Cas with this part), Sam bought jewelry, and Cas and Dean finally get to do fun stuff.
“What are you looking for?”
“When you stabbed me?”
“Dean, they won’t know I am… or was… or will be… an angel.” Cas looks confused. Dean chuckles.
“Um, hello,” Cas reluctantly waves at her. “You said you have a plan?”
“Do you want to go lay down for a bit?” Asks Dean while still rubbing the angels back. Cas nods and Dean helps him back to his room. Cas sits up on the bed, he lifts up his shirt enough to inspect his stitches. “Sorry about that, I shouldn’t have picked up the blade. How do you feel? Are you okay?”
“Of us?”
“Oh, sorry. Well I went to check on Cas, but he’s not in his room,” Sam says from the hall.
Dean smirks. “Do what Cas?” Cas guides Dean’s face back up to his and whispers in his ear.
“When our ‘right time’ comes, will we take the next step?” Dean notices he’s oddly calm, he thinks he should be freaking out but he’s not.
“I want to do that with you.” Cas nods over to one of the paintings. Dean looked over to find a large, golden frame. Painted in dark, seductive colors were someone's hands being held down and in place with a necktie. He turned back to find Castiel’s eyes darkened with lust. “I wanna tie you up and make you feel good,” Cas whispers into Dean’s ear. “I want to explore your body with my teeth and lips and tongue and mark you all over. Even if nobody else knows you’re with me, it will be written all over your skin.”
“Oh shit.” Dean turns and finds himself in Castiel’s arms. “Oh shit, oh shit!”
“Are you okay?” Dean continues to rub Castiel's back.
“So, Cas seems a lot better,” Sam says, Dean avoids his eyes and hopes the conversation doesn’t go where he thinks it will.
“It's a good thing I remembered to lock the door last night,” Dean whispers to Cas with a smirk. “Just be quiet and he won't know you’re here.” He rolls back over to his side of the bed. “Now I am!” Dean yells to Sam.
They stay in each other’s arms a bit longer until their stomachs growl for breakfast.
“Dean? Cas?” Sam calls out. “You guys in here?”
“Hey, don’t psych yourself out like that man. Hopefully we will get answers at this stupid dinner party tomorrow.”
“So what, these blades just magically fell in the hands of these monsters?” Dean shrugs in response, Sam sits down and steals a piece of Dean’s bacon. “We seriously need to find that last one. Hopefully we get some answers at this dinner party.”
“Hello?” Dean answers the call.
“Of course,” replies Dean.
“It’s something about this specific time when your hair is still messy from sleeping and before the weight of worlds hit you.” Cas reached across the table to grab another piece of bacon. “I noticed it a while ago. That’s why I liked making your coffee every morning, so I could stare at you.” He smiles at Dean.
“Dean!” Dean stands up and walks a few feet away, turning his back to Castiel.
“It really isn’t a big deal-”
“Yeah but it’s fine, I’m hungry anyway,” Cas replies. “What were you and Sam fighting about, and don’t say ‘nothing’ because I can tell it’s bothering you. You’re practically shaking.” Dean turns to face Castiel and kisses his cheek.
“It’s just, last time I was human it wasn’t easy,” Cas replies.
Cas and Dean talk about their past a bit. Sam has an idea about who can help them with the case.
The next morning, Cas wakes up listening to the comforting sound of Dean's heartbeat. Dean wakes up with his legs tangled between Castiel’s thighs. He is unbelievably happy. After years of shoving down and ignoring feelings, he is finally waking up next to his love. He knows why he was so adamant about pushing his feelings for Cas away, he has been with men before so he knows his repressed anxieties get the best of him sometimes. Dean knows his brother wouldn’t care, but he didn’t really feel like having that conversation with him… which he now realizes he will eventually have to. But right now all Dean cares about is the angel with bed head curled up in his sheets with him. He wants him, he wants this. He waited so long and now that he has Cas in his arms he never wants to let go
“Just tired, the pain is not as bad,” Cas replies looking up at Dean. He looks adorable with his hair all messy and wearing Dean’s shirt, but of course Dean would never say that.
“Alright boys,” Rowena says as she flips the page in her spellbook. “Cas, dear, you need one of your feathers. You’ll have to submerge yourself in the water while holding it. Someone is going to have to light the candles, pour this oil into the bath, and say the spell.”
“Okay Cas, babe, you’ve been watching too many movies, and I’m one to talk,” Dean makes his way over to Castiel, lifts his chin up, and places their foreheads together. “I don’t know if we will ever have time to travel, actually scratch that we’ve been all across the States together so that’s gotta count for something.” Cas smiles and rubs their noses together. “Why don’t we start with a date, I’ll cook something special and we’ll stay in since you’re still on the mend.”
“That night, I was so scared man,” Dean responds and leans into his angel's touch. “I can’t wait till this whole thing is over and you’re okay. We should go to the beach or something, take a few days off, just the two of us.”
“Will we?” Cas sits up on his side to look at Dean.
“Um, well… I don't know. Nothing,”  Dean answers, knowing full well what Sam meant. “Just forget about it.”
“Don’t lie to me Dean, I’m trying to help you boys! And I know how to help Cas. Sam, dear, do you still have my spellbooks?”
“What if he’s not talking about swords, but the blades?” Sam interjects. “I was doing some more digging and apparently there is a myth that before Persephone got with Hades, she had a human lover. But her girlfriend was stolen from her by another god. Or so she thought. I think it was an angel who stole her girlfriend and that’s why she hates angels. She was so distraught about it that Hades made her these blades so she could kill the angel.”
The two of them pick out a movie and they settle in on the couch. Cas sits next to Dean and lays his legs over the hunter’s lap. The popcorn bowl rests on Cas’s thighs and it slowly empties throughout the movie. Halfway through the film, Dean slides up to Castiel's uninjured side and snuggles up. He drapes a leg over Cas’s, leans his head on his chest, and softly strokes the angles stubbled cheek with his thumb. Dean guides Castiel’s lips down to meet his. These kisses are loving, gentle, and almost sleepy. Dean can taste the salt from the popcorn on Castiel’s lips and sucks it off. He kisses down the side of Castiel’s neck and the angel lets out a soft moan of pleasure.
“Hi, Jack!” Cas says, smiling.
“Cas!” Dean rushes over to his angel. “Okay buddy, let's get you to bed.”
“You already act like an old married couple, ya idjit,” Bobby replies, “So d’ya want to make it official or not?”
They are at a stalemate, Cas realises. Unless Dean suddenly drops his innocent act, he’ll never find out what is happening to him, and he thinks he finally deserves some answers. All these months, he truly believed that maybe there was a reason for why no one would tell him about his past life - he had even thought it might be better for him not to know! - but now the truth was in sight, and he was not going to pass up the opportunity.
draw a penis on your head while you sleep.”
She can deal with that particular issue another day; right now, the only thing she needs is sleep. She manages to gather the strength to plug her phone in before flopping backwards against the fluffy pillows, blowing out a long sigh.
“Yeah, some kid sent me an email from their college email saying they’re your songwriter or something. Last time I can remember that happening to me was… God, it was either Bonnie Tyler or Jedward. I can’t remember what years they were.”
“We’re a strange pair, aren’t we?” Cas comments, but he’s smiling.
“D’you see them yet?” she groans, not moving from where she is sprawled out in the grass.
Cas blinks at him dazedly. “What?”
“Ten minutes!” Paige yells at their backs, but Eileen can’t hear her and it doesn’t look like Sam is listening.
Frowning, he places the watering can back by the tap and opens the back door. “Dean?”
“Oh, hey Cas,” Dean says, turning the corner and bumping into him. “Thought you were in your room or something. I was coming to get ya.”
” Ian and Fox say in unison, both of them holding a pot of salt. “Uh, hi?”
“They’re our family,” Sam explains, answering the question Cas didn’t dare ask. “Sam and Dean Winchester, our mother Mary, and our friends… our family.”
{o0o}
Charlie eyes the mess, looking around the room at the damage. “Shit.”
“Of course,” he replied, never one to back away from a fight, and he grits his teeth.
“Think so,” Jo replies, chucking the bin bag in the trash slightly more forcefully than what is required. “Maybe give me the confetti cannons for later, huh?”
And with that, she is deep into her story, recounting a tale of luxurious dinners and magical creatures (or accountants with plastic ears on) who can’t dance. Jo can hardly keep up with a word of it, too focused on where her feet are supposed to be going next, but she loves hearing Charlie talk about something with such passion.
to be dancing together? Sam is grinning and twirling Bobby about, joking that he could never ditch him for prom. There are at least six teenage girls all dancing together with only two adults - surely there’s a law against that? - and the two grooms are dancing with yet another teenage girl and the spawn of satan, along with an identical copy of Cas.
Gabriel quickly discovers that - even though they’re in a bar - there is absolutely no way he is getting his hands on anything even remotely alcoholic before the reception starts. He had fought in cosmic battles and faced things that most humans couldn’t even imagine but Ellen Harvelle could be downright
“No? What are you, police?”
“Are you sure you don’t wanna swap seats?” he offered again in desperation.
Dean stares at her for a moment, leaning on the fire poker. “
He’s been there two days when he’s first introduced to Eileen, and suddenly life in the bunker isn’t quite as lonely.
“Claire?” a familiar voice asks from behind her. She doesn’t take her eyes off the dancers, skimming over each face.
“Yep,” she answers. “I’m Eileen, and this is my nephew, Jack.”
He asks questions, at first, and Sam does his best to give a satisfying answer while also clearly hiding something. If there was anything Cas has learnt in the brief time he had been living with them, it was that the Winchesters were excellent liars. It was as if some deep instinct within him could tell; an intrinsic lie detector that only worked on the two brothers and left him feeling nauseous every time he caught them.
Paige wonders. Although, to be honest, she has yet to figure out how the rest of the UK entrants this year know each other, so maybe she isn’t as good at reading people as she thought.
Dean frowns for a second, an answer on the tip of his tongue, but then he smirks. “Good things do happen, Cas.”
Littered across his hands and arms and shoulder blades and stomach there are a hundred scars, a dot-to-dot of a story that Cas can’t remember. He runs a finger over each of them in turn, wondering how each of them had come to be. It’s strange, he thinks, to be carved with scars that someone else earned.
“Hey, I made nachos. You want some?”
Dean joins them, running a hand through his hair self-consciously. “Please tell me you aren’t talking about the Ghostfacers.”
Crowley opens his mouth to speak, but he’s interrupted when Becky drops her glass of champagne onto his shoes, apologising loudly and profusely. Jo’s not sure who invited her, but the woman’s complete lack of shame has come in useful at least twice so far. She’s not the only one fangirling over the wedding, but she certainly is taking it to another level.
CHAPTER SUMMARY:
A quick sweep reveals the kitchen and bathrooms to be empty, so she decides to check upstairs before braving the main room. There’s nothing up there, either, other than the overwhelming smell of hairspray and a general makeup-related clutter that Ellen is definitely gonna kick someone’s ass for later. By the time she makes it downstairs, the guests have already been let in, so Claire has to duck her way past demons, angels, and hunters alike before she finds Kaia.
By the time he’s changed into his loaned pajamas, Dean still hasn’t left his room. Just in case he’s still awake, Cas tentatively calls out a goodnight, before retreating back into the room he’s staying in.
“The main stage is haunted!” one of them declares in a heavy Irish accent, and Paige immediately recognises them as the Brendan Brothers.
Cas takes one long look at Dean’s face, memorising the constellations of freckles and the green nebulas in his concerned eyes, before he falls limp in his arms.
(See the end of the chapter for
Somehow, this has been one of her favourite Eurovisions ever.
“Sure. Go meet me outside, I’ll just be one second, okay?”
looking forward to dealing with that woman this year.
{o0o}
They shrug. “Why else would we come to Eurovision?”
Well, Eileen is black out drunk, Dean and Cas disappeared some time ago, Sam is asking Ian and Fox odd questions, Odette and Diana snuck off to make out, and Paige is left with Jack, whose pockets are inexplicably filled with lollipops. She classifies this as win.
Dean squares his shoulders, as if walking into battle. “Then let’s do this.”
“Of course.” Cas immediately sobers at the mention of his lost memories. “I wish I could remember them.”
It starts with a knock at the door. “I don’t think we’re expecting anyone,” Cas says, answering Claire and Kaia’s puzzled looks.
Once again a big thank you to everyone who helped me write this, whether you were invested in the raccoon, helped motivate me through a 3k writing sprint, and to whoever said "every lesbian deserves a flamethrower", I couldn't have done this without you :)
“Cas? Cas,” comes a faint voice, and then much louder, “CAS!”
ooh.... it's cliffhanger time!!! it's been really fun to write from outsider pov, both because the Winchesters AND Eurovision is weird as fuck already, but also because I've been able to develop original characters that I really like!
Dean swallows, tears starting to form in his eyes, glittering against the dim background of the room. “Don’t do this, Cas,” he begs, but Cas hears what he is really trying to say.
“Jack, maybe not-” Dean starts, but Jack’s already on a roll.
Claire snorts, wondering whether Dean classifies as Shrek or Fiona in this circumstance, as she weaves through the crowd looking for Kaia.
“Alrighty then! Please can I have your name?”
Before he can register what’s going on, a blonde girl has launched herself into his arms. “Cas! I thought you were dead, Dean said that he was gonna try and get you back but he was such a mess and Sam seemed so focused on his hunter thing so I honestly didn’t think he’d be able to-”
“Okay, what is that and when can I eat it?” Charlie begs, wobbling dangerously on the stepladder to get a better sniff, “Because it smells delicious!”
Paige has never been one to believe in ghosts. She isn’t particularly religious, either. This building, though… she has to admit that it gives off a creepy vibe. There are horns carved into the side of it, and she has the odd feeling she is being watched.
When Cas finishes painting his room and unpacking some more of his boxes, he decides to go downstairs for a glass of water. On the mantelpiece in the living room he finds not one, but
At this point, everything is out of her hands. All she can do is watch and pray to the Eurovision gods.
(See the end of the chapter for
is holding his hand. Snatching it away, he sits up suddenly, his eyes flaring open in panic and a pained gasp escaping his lips.
Sam slumps in his seat, the overly cheery smile gone from his face. “We’ve gotta keep trying, right?”
“Just, uh… thanks. For last night and stuff.” With that, Dean disappears, the door clicking softly behind him before Paige can reply.
Maybe it is time for him to move on.
Cas can’t help but worry, though. The last 24 hours had gone by in a blur of confusion and panic and hospitals and hurried explanations, and the adrenaline was finally starting to wear off. Even with his head drooping and his mind feeling like it was wrapped in cotton wool, Cas’ hand never left Dean’s.
